MOBDPEF8PZSVZ5AH
Those looking for an entry level Android phone with most of the features should go for this one. The company has great reputation in Europe, so its not like other Chinese phones we see in the market. Pros: 1. Superb Screen 2. Good Battery 3. Good Processor & Sufficient RAM. 4. Android 4.2 OS 5. Does have Proximity, Accelerometer & Ambient light sensors Cons: 1. UI is crap trying to replicate IOS interface. (But this is not a deal breaker as we can install custom launcher like Nova) 2. Camera does not feel like a 5MP shooter, but i can deal with that too.. Note: Don't compare the phone with Flagship mobiles which is not fair. Compare with Samsung mobiles below 20K and this one triumphs them all.
This is my 1st smart phone. Using it for two weeks now... I bought this phone after so many cross check and reviews. The phone's performance is really good...I'm very happy till now with my decision of buying this phone... Coming to Pro's and Con's : Pro's ---- 1. Very fast CPU & GPU.. Although the processor used in this phone is an old one, ARM Cortex-A7 1.21 GHz but its quad core and being old one has nothing to do with the performance it gives to your device..its really fast. GPU used in this one is PowerVR SXG544, which is even used in some variant of device like Samsung Galaxy S4. High end games like Asphalt 8, GT racing etc. run without a single lag.. (dont believe me?, try out yourself! :P ) Other games like temple run 2, subway surfer etc run very smoothly...I could never find a lag. 2. You will love the display of this phone. The display is quite pleasing. Resolution is perfect for the screen size of 5'. The display is not at all a problem while viewing in sunlight when in auto mode. You will start liking the UI of this phone after using it, not so great but not so bad either. Many useful customizations have been done in the UI. 3. RAM is 1GB (available is 975MB), u can't ask for more in budget phones like this..Multitasking is not at all a problem. 4. Battery life is quite good. On normal usage, it can last for 1.5 - 2 days. ( I use this phone with Wi-Fi and 3G data connection always on; internet surfing for 5-7 hours, daily some 3-4 hours of gaming, some 15-20 calls on average everyday and also listening songs and watching videos for 1-2 hours and still at the end of the day some 20% of the battery is still remaining.. :-P ) 5. Dual Sim and Dual Standby and talk-time of more than 11 hours. The call quality is very good. 6. The most important Pro I think is that it doesn't get heated while playing games for hours...( I'm surprised why and how? ) But it does heats up while charging, just like every other smartphone. Con's --- 1. The camera is only 5 MP but it still records HD videos and video quality is really good. Photos taken in day light are good, not so great. Front camera is just for the sake of it. ( So bad if u r thinking of clicking a selfie :-D ). I dont click much photos so this point is not a problem for me. 2. Available internal storage is only 2.2 GB out of 4 GB which might be less for many of you. But still, since the memory is expandable upto 32 GB, its not a problem. I use 16 GB memory card and its enough. The high memory gaming apps can be easily transferred to SD card using apps like clean master. 3. The Intensity of inbuilt speakers is average, not so loud as of sony xperia phones. ( If you put this phone on flexible surface like bed or in your pocket, then you will hear low volume BUT if you put this phone on rigid surface like table, then the position of the speaker is such that volume is not reduced, its quite high ) If you use Good quality Headphones, then the magic happens....sound quality so great! *One thing I want to clear that on many sites, it shows that this phone doesn't support FM radio connectivity, IT DOES!!! **Many people think that this is a Cheap Chinese Brand Phone... NO...It's not!! Don't even think of comparing it with cheap phones of micromax, karbonn or xolo or gionee etc. Just google or wiki "Huawei" and you will know what u need to know. For mobiles, the company is new in Indian market but it is a success in global market. I am so much hopeful that my phone will not go to service center within a year. ( Even if it does, which brand's mobiles don't go??? :-) ) I will totally recommend this phone in this price range. I'll update this review after few months of use for sure.
I bought this phone for RS11400 from flipkart. If you don't know about Huawei company then just Google it or just turn around your USB dongle, it is most likely that it is made by Huawei. They are the world leaders in High speed Internet and phone hardware technology. Don't even compare this phone with that of Micromax , Lava etc. Just go to the Huawei showroom and check it's built and hardware quality. You will see the difference. Pros ------- 1)Good built quality 2)Great hardware quality. 3)The 5 M camera does a good job in daylight . 4)Auto Focus function is very nice. 5)IPS display has wide viewing angles. 6)Good battery backup if not playing too much games. 7)Can run almost any high end game till now (May2014). 8)Emotion Ui is different and intelligent type. 9)Nice themes and beautiful lock screen. 10)Many tools and softwares are pre installed. 10)Has scheduled ON/OFF system to automatically ON/OFF your phone daily. 11)Has a very small Green LED indication light on the top next to the front camera. It will keep on blinking if you any missed call or unread message. 12)Looks,build and hardware quality is like that of a 15k+ phone. Cons ------- 1)Front 0.3 M camera is poor. 2)Battery drains fast on playing games.
i bought this mobile from flipkart, last week, awesome battery,good resolution, good 3g connectivity. but camera not good. and not getting flip cover in india still now.
I am using this phone for last 1.5 month. bought after so much of research in website and with colleagues. It is a good phone. the only thing is the camera settings are not best. you need to tune it as per your requirement. however, my need is mostly on apps side and internet rather than looking to use it on camera front. so choosen this phone. Feeling good about the selection
Only four stars because 3G is available in SIM 1 only. All other specifications are very good. Display is also very good. Design is very good. Accepts standard size SIM cards which is a big relief. Considering the thickness of the phone, you cannot expect more loud sound from speakers. Pictures are not at all bad with main camera. With little bit of lighting, front camera will also give reasonably good pictures. Not interested in games, hence not tested. Battery is fine. No problem with user interface. YOU CAN SPEAK TO START BROWSING. JUST CLICK MIC ON THE ADDRESS BAR TO START THE FEATURE. Overall a very good phone.
Hello Readers A Guy Name Rohit Sawanth has bought a Product Y 300 in october 2013 and has Given the Device as service on April 2014 and God Knows what went wrong with him, he is only certified to Write comment on only the Product where he is a Certified buyer and shocking he has gone way too Forward writting on All Huawei Products and Abusing it as First to Review and passing wrong comments and miss leading buyers, I Request FlipKart not to Allow Frustrations Of customers on this Forum. Aside about Huawei its Global No 3 Brand and has service centers Across India All the Products are CE and SAAR Certified hence customers health is safe, Huawei Has its own Manufacturing units and Has Won Many Global Awards For the Quality and Trust. To Be at No3 Position In terms Of shipment is not Easy they have strong R&D Centers Globally one of which is In Bangalore India. I Request the Buyers to Surf About Huawei Brand Before Buying, And Trust Me you will be Shocked that what this Brand Stands for in terms of Delivering a Good product & Durable Product at competative Price Point when compaired with Other Global Brands. thanks Adam Nasir
just amazing!!! bought ma phone from here and its awsome,everything works fine......better tn i expected...gg,,,,,battery standby s150% gud, nice display,decent camera,ui 1.6,responsive touch n so on.................i konw most of u are confuse with sony m, samsung core and all but i suggest tis 1 becuz i hav tried tos phones n its 100 times better.....goooooooo for it (Y)
I have been using this device for an year now and it it still running awesome. i have also flashed custom Roms on this device twice. I'm running Aosp Rom right now. For the price range this product is good. its 7899 INR right now. it was around 13000 INR i guess when i purchased. A serious issue i've faced is that they have'nt given an Os upgrade -_- But their software updates are good enough to fix issues. and one thing i dislike is the front camera. it really kinda sucks :P the gaming experience on this smartphone is surprisingly awesome. there are very few lags :/ It had heating issues in the beginning but Huawei fixed it in updates.
does this mobiles supports go launcher ,apex launcher or nova launcher? pls tel anyone :) thanks in advance
Let me start by saying that the Indian market does not have any other phone like this under the 13K range. Be it Sony, Samsung, Mircomax or any other brand, no one can boast of such quality and features in this price range. That is the reason I chose the G610 over all the other brands. Its 1GB RAM gives you a browsing experience at par with the latest tabs. The battery back up amazes you even when you are continually on Facebook or Whats App. What I liked most about this phone is its sleek design, big screen, and excellent touch response. If you are looking for awesome features and world-class quality at a reasonable price, it is the phone for you.
I was very eager to get this model Huawei Ascend G610. Got it delivered by Flipkart in 6 days. Thanks Flipkart. Small review about the phone:- Pros: Good Display (Not a HD but very Good clarity) Excellent design and very comfortable to hold the device. Good battery life , holds up to 1-2 days on a average using with WIFI and 3G. Cons:- Bad Camera , This goes for both the rear and the front cam. Low speakers - No loud enough to listen to songs or watch a movie with out head sets. I bit heavy comparing to similar range mobile phones. Verdict :- Over all very happy with this buy, I would suggest to go for it if you don't mind much on Camera and Low speaker on a mobile phone. Cheers !
I got this phone by doing lot of reviews. Huwaei is one of the world's 5 best smartphone makers.Huwaei is in telephone industry from 1997. Display,Camera,Batterry-Awesome Awesome No words to say. Especially design super curve in the end,I really love this phone. Those who are looking for mid range phone can go for this brand.
For me, the Huawei Ascend G610 is a star performer. Even the looks impress you for they are good enough in this price range. Really, it is difficult to find such a combination of looks and performance within the 12000/- bracket. Thought some people may have issues with the user interface, once you get used to it, it is quite easy. The most enticing features of the phone are the latest Android 4.2, Quad Core processor, 1 GB RAM and good battery life. Highly recommended for people who want a great performance and quality.
Good Mobile. Value for Money. Stunning looks and Battery lasts for long. BTW, If any of you have bought Flip case cover for this mobile, pls let ms know. I approached many shops but in vain. Even i cant find a single online site which sells the cover. Any guidance on this is much appreciated.
This new outing from the esteemed house of Huawei impresses one and all with its magnificent looks and sterling performance. In case you are planning to purchase an Android smartphone, Huawei Ascend G610 should be your first and last choice.
I purchased this phone last SAT. I have been using this phone and finding it very much satisfied. 1. Display resolution is very good. 2. FM recording facility which i needed the most. but was not aware that this feature is available. 3. Interface is also good unlike other android phones. 4. Battery lasts more than a day even after conected to wifi more than 90% of the time. 5. No lagging in any form :)
The phone is really value for money, gives 2-4 battery backup, the screen is superb with good level of detail, sharp images. 5MP camera takes excellent photos in daylight, but grainy in low light. Only drawback with the mobile is its low audio levels in the ear phone as well as in the speaker
Let me start by saying that the Indian market does not have any other phone like this under the 13K range. Be it Sony, Samsung, Mircomax or any other brand, no one can boast of such quality and features in this price range. That is the reason I chose the G610 over all the other brands. Its 1GB RAM gives you a browsing experience at par with the latest tabs. The battery back up amazes you even when you are continually on Facebook or Whats App. What I liked most about this phone is its sleek design, big screen, and excellent touch response. If you are looking for awesome features and world-class quality at a reasonable price, it is the phone for you.
I have been using this phone (Model: G610-U20) since Nov 2013. Haven't faced any issues with the software or the hardware. In terms of usage and battery back-up: the phone is connected to internet 24x7 for email, apps, etc. and I use 2 SIMs, for these I get around 1.5 to 2 days battery back which is OK by my standards. One of the selling points of this phone is that it allows you to insert normal-sized mini SIMs (and not micro-SIM). I purchased it online but not via Flipkart. Another interesting aspect is that the screen resolution is quite sharp when compared to phones in this price range.
Wonderful or full of Wonders !!!!! It will lead you to the same destination of Satisfaction . @ 12K the phone is comparable with Samsung Grand . Touch is really smooth .. Battery life is In-line with Samsung.. Camera quality could have been better . Other features, can kill any of its competition at that range. Only problem I found is the unavailability of accessories . But putting that 0.00001% problem aside , it should be a good choice If some 1 is fixing budget within 15K . After sales support needs to be checked . However they have 2-3 service centers almost in all the cities.
Huawei Ascend G610 is the best cellphone in its range of non local mobile brands. It comes with a great looks, normal camera quality, awesome processor, very much user friendly and perfect display and brightness. go for it!
I bought this phone from flipkart 2 weeks ago. Delivery was quick and prompt. Now about the mobile.................... I was quite amazed by looking at this peice. Its plus point is its battery. If you are using for calling purpose then it will go for 2 days. Looks stunning. Got quadcore processor and 1 gb ram and 4gb internal storage which is more than enough. Phone got quite bright and crisp qHD display. Huawei is a huge telecom company thats why I opt for this phone by cornering other top brands and trust me you will get fully satisfied by this phone.
I got this phone for a special price after applying some coupon and this is really cool phone at that price range.I was using Samsng grand for last 9 months and i bought it for 21k and now i got this one for half of the cost, but with Quadracore processor, better UI , good battery back up and good touch also.Only difference with grand is Huawei G610 has 4 GB and 5 MP compared to 8 GB and 8 MP with Grand. Around 10k to 12k, this is really a superb buy and huawei is good trusted brand compared to some other low cost mobile companies.Service facilities also available all over india as per their website. If anybody looking for branded phone with dual sim capability, go for it.
i purchased this phone about one month ago and after using this for month now i would suggest the reader ,this is the best phone in this price range. i never come accross any problem moreover the process is working as per specifiation and also the look is good
I bought this phone to be the first one to have a huawei , in my college(kerala )...and now i feel it was a risk worth taking...not only me , everyone is amazed by its stunning prformance and looks..White piece with a black cover on loooks too good...Screen is outstanding...Camera produces decent pictures..ok pictures in dark...Reasonable upgrade from my classic sony erricsson Elm, which i miss still..Sound quality is awesome both in earphone and spekers..Video rendering is good too, though i havent tried 1080p.....overall, its worth for every penny you spent and all the risk you take....
Huawei Ascend G610 is one of the finest smartphones I have seen in the market. Its large display, powerful operating system and exceptionally long battery life are some of the features Ascend G610 comes equipped with. Anyone looking for a stylish, sleek and durable smartphone should make a smart move by buying Huawei Ascend G610.
