MOBDRBPJGZF8HWGS
I purchased this XOLO Q1000 OPUS in Feb-14 for around 9100/-. Given the price range the cell offers more than most of its peers. The 1GB RAM really works well, but the sound (music) quality & camera are downer. I had some issues recently with regards display & submitted the cell with the service center at Parel, Mumbai. The service station said it will take 20 days to send the cell to factory at Noida & get it rectified. Now, even after 24 days I am still waiting for my cell to come. Neither the Service station nor the Xolo Customer care has any idea as when the cell will finally get back to me. I wonder if this is the kind of services they offer is Metros, what would be the situation in other cities?
I bought this phone because I wanted a low cost VFM phone. This phone packs good specs for this price. But its not reliable. My phone was shipped with Android 4.2.2. After about a months usage it stopped recognizing attached headphones (I tried using many headsets but didnt work either) but I let it slide as I anyways didnt use that phone for music. But when it got updated to 4.4.2 my phones Wi-Fi stopped working. It refused to switch on, let alone find any nearby networks. Problems worsened when it started to crash while on a call. Accept a call, talk for a min and phone just used to shut down. So I went to their service center and was amazed to see so many people with more or less similar problems. The service staff told me it would take atleast 3 months to get your phone repaired (and this was 2-3 months after I purchased it). One guy even said "you may not even see your phone for long time if you submit here. Better get it repaired from outside only". After this pathetic experience I replaced this phone with other "branded" (and costly) phone. Definitely will not recommend this phone to anyone. These guys fool you with good specs at less price but where they rob you is at reliability.
I had purchased the phone in Jan 2014, found it to be very good in touch, display, video playback quality, however, found very poor camera quality, even after 2 updates introduced by the company. Also there was a network selection problem. Now the phone is under repairing since 28.02.2014 for camera and auto on/off problem, co has given time of 25 days for repairing as found to be fault in PCB. I asked for replacement as the same being manufacturing defect, but has been refused by the co. I don't know what on earth takes 25 days in repairing a mobile. Even the offer price has gone down 17.50% in last 3 months. Company should improve the quality of camera and train their service / customer care staff to respond properly to customers. Even though, would like to recommend the same for those looking for 5 inch quad core mobile at budget price.
First of all I would like to tell you that I did not buy the product from flipkart. I bought xolo opus and after 2 days the headphone jack stopped working.....went to servise center and they said that they would create a replacement request and once it is approved from xolo yo can get new one. Its been 20 days that there is no response from them and when I call, they say that they are still waiting for the approval. I have also seen the same from other customers.........so I would say if you buy it you are on your own.........the worst after sales service but the usage of the product is good.
I have purchased this from FK during 2013 end. Ordered it on 29th Dec, recieved the item on 3rd jan. Good packing and service from Flipkart is good, if not best. This is a good budget Android for newbies who are stepping into Smartphone from oldies. Pros: 1> Display is good, you won't feel it is 480 X 854 pixels. Unless you browse websites. 2> Phone is snappy, fast and can handle any task and application you throw at it. 3> Media playback is great, clarity of speaker sound is noticable. You need to buy a good headphone for music as the default one is not good enough. 4> Apps can be moved to SD card. Allows more ram to be available. 5> GPS is very fast, locks momentarily. 6> Good battery backup, easily lasts 1 day with 30-40% remaining for medium usage with gameplay and constant Wifi. 7> Phone has 1GB Ram but in the app screen it actually shows about 1.2 GB available RAM, out of which 500+ MB is available. Cons: > Some high/medium graphic intensive games will cause a lot of heat at the back of the phone. Plastic cover. However if you use the flip case, you won't feel it. But the normal back cover gets very hot, uncomfortable to hold it even. This is basically because of the Broadcom processor which can't handle heat generation well. Better to go with MTek processors for budget phones. > Camera is worst part of this phone which completely ruins its standard. This 5 MP shooter is not even equivalent to a 3MP shooter in Nokia Asha phone. Sadly they could have done much better with the camera. With this camera, even if you take shots at broad daylight outdoors, you will have grainy and dull pictures with very poor color & sharpness. > Sometime the phone is out of signal, but it does not show "No Service" warning, it just sits there. When others call during this time, they will not get any dial tone. However it also does not say that phone "switched off". Kind of tricky this is, you need to reboot the phone and it works again. This happens at least once a week for my phone. > Flip cover is useless, as no magnetic flip feature. However the software magnetic flip mode works with 70% correctness as the flip cover opens by itself when in normal position. Overall Summary: This is a good buy if you are looking for a budget device and don't care much about the brand. Service is a concern for all companies except Samsung, LG & Sony.
The performance is smooth, but I found some issues. The camera app crashed many times and most of the time the handset got heated up (when using all the cores) quickly –temperature was over 60 degrees.
I'd heard good reviews about XOLO. However the product started giving problems pretty much as soon as it arrived. Here's the list. PROXIMITY SENSOR NOT WORKING PHONE HANGS WHEN CALL COMES IN CONTACTS DON;T LOAD AUDIO JACK NOT WORKING When I was on a call, and an incoming call came, the phone would hang. The sound jack have up after that. When I mail flipkart about my challenges (and I'm a fan) the response was in minutes. However the answer was not satisfactory. "hit the reset button and all will be well with the world". Not so. Now we're chasing down the XOLO service center here. Not a good feeling. Suggest you avoid this product.
Hi , I have purchased this phone on 26th dec 2013 and thank to flip kart they have delivered within 3 days with good packgeing but invoce not good it was like just normal letter according to me invoce should be in MERCHANT LETTER HEAD and this is first shopping in flipkart and also first time purchased XOLO handset I will recommend this phone who are going to purchase under 10 k because it is worth it and purely value for money this phone having very good display as compared to present Samsung phones like grand ,core,duos etc as compared to other mobile phones like micromax,sony,samsung it has good internal memory approximate 2.80 gb (internal storage and phone storage) and 1 gb RAM it is enough for under 10 k budget phones and one nice feature is you can move apps to SD Card and Phone Stoarge as compared other companies this feature is very rear ,And also you can download some higher end version game also But i reviewed in online that xolo service center is not good but i hope XOLO Company strongly look this matter give better service after purhcase and Wish you happy new year to all
if you wan to buy XOLO brand mobile make sure you have service center or XOLO mobiles dealer available in your area other vise it is not a good purchase .i bought XOLO q 1000 opus from my nearest retailer ,now in a month i got network related problems ,now i don't have service center in my surrounding ,i have to go Bangalore fix my mobile network issue .so please make sure if you buy a phone (any brand) make sure service center available in your district.
Been using for a day. So far so good. The main reason I bought this phone was because of Broadcom processor and 1GB ram. Below is my review. 1. Appearance: Looks like a distant relative of galaxy note 2. Not very Impressive. 2. Build: Average. Certainly will not survive falls. Its feels light in your hands despite the size. Good headset and usb data cable. The Charging pin is too loose on the wall socket and will not easily start charging. Providing flip case and screen guard is a good move from xolo. 3. Performance: I am not a gamer but I can still feel the phone is pretty responsive while running multiple applications. 4. Battery: Very Good. For this price range I did not expect a good one but I was very satisfied while using it on my first day. It lasted almost 6 hours of browsing from the moment I saw 10%. It might be the chip set that is really efficient. Broadcom rocks. 5. Camera: Average. I am not a photographer. I can not comment more. 6. Display: Good one. Not very bright not too dull. Not too sharp either. Its just the right amount of pixel density(too much will drink your battery). 5" screen is good for reading books. I will give 4/5. The one point was eaten by bat charging pin design and for mimicking galaxy note.
you must think about after sale service before buying but this is a very hard competition for sduos and tipo and other low end smartphones including micromax. hope xolo improves there after sale service and this product may get lot of sucess
XOLO is useless....after 7 days my back switch is not warking..touchpad also not responding..there are plenty problem comming now....better dont buy this phone...
9 din me ear spekar kharab ho gaya camra thik h lava ka service centre ka response bekar h un trand bande bitha rakhe h
Very sad with the sad and humiliating experience from xolo service centre executive....Very rude and arrogant behaviour by the service man...... I bought a XOLO Q900 on 22 may 2014 via Amazon.in...I approached the Xolo authorised service centre of Kottayam Dist ,Kerala state on 25 august 2014 due to touch screen problem of my phone...I'm very sad to inform you that the service executive at the centre behaved so rudly to me and denied to give the one year warranty of the phone, stating that there are some markings on the screws behind the phone and you have given it to some unauthorised service centre...He denied to give me the warranty and wrote on my job sheet that "unauthorised service detected and hence no warranty".... Workorder number 310000691020 Xolo Q900 IMEI number 911331300250479 ...I humbly inform you that I've never given my phone to any unauthorised service centre and never tried to open the screws behind the phone...The seal behind the phone is not broken ...Yet the service executive denied to give me warranty and behaved to me so arrogantly.. I'm very sad to express the humiliation faced by me visiting the authorised service centre of XOLO at kottayam district of kerala state. The address of the above service centre is Electro World 360/A1, Challiyil Road, Behind Brindavanam Complex. Kottayam City: Kottayam Pincode: 686004 Contact Manager: Mr. Anu Remesh Contact Person: Mr. Anu Remesh Contact Number: 9744886696 I'm looking forward for justice and warranty of my phone from Xolo Company... My opinion is never buy XOLO smartphones and never go to XOLO authorised service centres becaz it sucks……so arrogant and rude service persons……true experience…… never buy this product.......i wasted my money.......horrible service and service executives.
I have purchased this for my sister. Mobile is not as per standard. It has many problem such as mobile heat-up, hang, automatically switch off and much more issues. I recommend PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE THIS COMPANY'S ANY PRODUCT. CUSTOMER CARE IS ALSO NOT THAT MUCH HELPFUL. PLEASE DO NOT BUY. MY RATING IS (NEGATIVE) -10.
Best not to buy this phone. has become totally useless after company's updates. no wifi. signal drops even after installing patch. please do not upgrade to kitkat. phone will be unusable. company is very poor in service.
Thanks to xolo, received my latest update to kitkat. Got my update on last Friday stating that u have new updates. Thanks
where r u from servie centre phone is very good but sond is bad spekar is bad voice is very load no clearty
Already I'm owning a XOLO Q800 and I bought this for my friend. Phone looks very good, light weight and good to handle. But compare to my Q800 it's not upto mark. UI looks very difficult you've go and search for every options. Some times having issue's in network coverage where my Q800 gets the full signal strength. Average phone with 5' screen.
Battery drains off in 2hrs without usage Playing a game or typing a message or any app that is opened -will not let you know ablout incoming call. Later it will be displayed as missed call.
XOLO Q 1000 Opus is best mobile in cheap price but i found some problem in this, i mentioned below 1. Low video quality 2. camera is crashes. 3. Early Heat Problem while playing games and browsing. rest features are fine. Sorry for my bad english. Kindly fix this issue its help to xolo for become best brand in india.
Bought it because of GPS but doesnt work as promised which is is biggest selling point. Rest fone is awesome comes with 1gb inbuilt memory. Performance better than Samsung duos as it never hangs. Gets on air updates.
Phone is good overall considering the price segment only issue I have is that its sound output is not loud enough. If phone is in ladies purse you might not here ringtone.
using tis phone for one week.. no lag no heatg issues. all apps nd games works smoothly. display is so sharp nd touch is smooth...sound is also gud...overall phne is superfast thnks to 1 gb ram...battery life is so good..it lasts for one nd half days with nrml browsing nd net usage... only cons i found is camera...ita below average..daylight photogrhy is okke..frnt camera is so bad vga.. overall its a good budget frndly android smartphne with superb perfrmnce.
finally i recieved this phone 3 days before i was vry happy with their deliery thing..........the phone is working great no issues apps2sdcard supported and fr gaming its best but if u want fr camera u shld check out other options
Best Product in this price range.......awesome hardware......Fastest Delivery.....Great Flip kart.....
does this phone gets heated up ?? when high end games are played?? as came across some of the igyan blogs that after playing asphalt, and other gaes the the phone gets heated up and the battery drains ver soon
first of all , hats off to flipkart serivce. product delivered within two days. The device is just worth it. -Broadcom processor makes it everything go flawless. -camera is very good under 10k. -facebook and other social networking sites are preinstalled. -in the box ( there is one XOLO screen gaurd and one XOLO Flip cover provided which is very good in compare to samsung. - XOLO POWER , XOLO SECURE is good and handy also. Ask me, If you are looking for an android device under 10k, forgot Samsung , micro max and karbonn. go for this one.
Pretty good phone in the budget of 10K. though the camera is not up to the mark. but for gaming and video purpose the phone complete you wish. Xolo improving the quality of his phone. keep it up.
Hi every one I bought the product for my bro... It's good to use fast and good screen quality with good picture quality too... Only drawback which I could find till now is that it does not have any magnetometer I.e. U cannt access compass on it. Very disappointed to find out that such a good does not have this feature which is Common in phones of this range.
it smart phone is looking good . it's perfomance is fast and excelent ..i give xolo product rating is 5
PROS- Good Camera, KitKat Update, Good Gaming Performance, Ram Optimization. CONS- Unstable Software, Heating Effect
i have purchased the Q1000 its feature was so good but after some time the battery responce was gone poor after 21 days of request the service center could provide the me the other battery i want to buy battry online but Li Po battery is not available in net . service center saying that we are sent the request to delhi ,ahambdabad end when they have they will provide this why i am saying please don't go with xolo you can buy micromax , nokia, samsung but not go with xolo
Using this phone for past 7 months. Got kitkat update for this phone. Works very smoothly. Good camera, great gaming, good at looks, battery backup is also good. Got flip cover with it which is of very premium quality.
bad product quality and no value for money. dont recommend to buy. poor camera and lot of problem wrt charging
Dont buy the Xolo products cheap mother boards low audio and camera quality and Service is sucking waste of money
It is very good phone I have no problem from last 1 years. Its speed, performance all good. It never hangs. Camera and Video quality is best.
Within 4.5 months of buying this phone, the display stop working. Gave it to the service center, and was shocked to find out that they take atleast 30 days to repair handsets. After trying to call their toll free no. and sending 4 emails to their customer care and getting no replies. I went and voiced my grievance on their facebook page. Received a replacement after 20 days. Was shocked to see that they had sent me a much older defective handset with the power key worn out and the speakerphone not functioning. When dialling, my voice could not be heard at the other end. Returned it to them and still waiting to hear about the fate of the handset. I also discovered on their facebook page, that several others have suffered the same problem. They are using sub standard components and are unable to manage the after sales services. I regret having bought this phone and would not recommend to any wellwisher. Please see what others have to say on their facebook page (search for XOLO on facebook)
Hi, I am submitting a short review on Xolo Opus Q1000- white. First it supports Usb OTG and update to latest Kitkat android version. I am using this device since 8 months ago with 2 days normal standby (without net surfing, Wi-fi and gaming). All other things are same as other manufacturer devices so no need 2 discuss here. Build quality, hardware and accessories are good one. There is no lag during high graphics games and full HD movies playback (I have lost my sandisk 16 Gb micro Sd card). The mobile release heat on back side of cover due to big 2000 Li-poly battery, but it is okay. Overall Opus is power packed device with fully loaded features for fun under Rs 8500. Thanks....4.. reading... bye!!
Great and in budget Phone xolo is now gaining the trust as the battery backup and xolo secure future is awesome, 4 stars because limited availability of accessories.
Creating problem within a month and server is very bad. A little power button problem taking 2-3 weeks to resolve. wastage of money and time.
5months before i brought xolo q1000 but its battery life is worst . many times phone automatically switch off ..can i get refund of it from flipkart or exchange it
Very sad with the sad and humiliating experience from xolo service centre executive....Very rude and arrogant behaviour by the service man...... I bought a XOLO Q900 on 22 may 2014 via Amazon.in...I approached the Xolo authorised service centre of Kottayam Dist ,Kerala state on 25 august 2014 due to touch screen problem of my phone...I'm very sad to inform you that the service executive at the centre behaved so rudly to me and denied to give the one year warranty of the phone, stating that there are some markings on the screws behind the phone and you have given it to some unauthorised service centre...He denied to give me the warranty and wrote on my job sheet that "unauthorised service detected and hence no warranty".... Workorder number 310000691020 Xolo Q900 IMEI number 911331300250479 ...I humbly inform you that I've never given my phone to any unauthorised service centre and never tried to open the screws behind the phone...The seal behind the phone is not broken ...Yet the service executive denied to give me warranty and behaved to me so arrogantly.. I'm very sad to express the humiliation faced by me visiting the authorised service centre of XOLO at kottayam district of kerala state. The address of the above service centre is Electro World 360/A1, Challiyil Road, Behind Brindavanam Complex. Kottayam City: Kottayam Pincode: 686004 Contact Manager: Mr. Anu Remesh Contact Person: Mr. Anu Remesh Contact Number: 9744886696 I'm looking forward for justice and warranty of my phone from Xolo Company... My opinion is never buy XOLO smartphones and never go to XOLO authorised service centres becaz it sucks……so arrogant and rude service persons……true experience…… never buy this product.......i wasted my money.......horrible service and service executives.
I had some issues recently with regards display & submitted the cell with the service center at Ghatkopar, Mumbai. The service station said it will take 20 days to send the cell to factory at Noida & get it rectified. Now, even after 30 days I am still waiting for my cell to come. Neither the Service station nor the Xolo Customer care has any idea as when the cell will fina... very very very very bad service center & service xolo very very bad service.........
nice handset from xolo battery life is ok Best performance for gaming.great phone at 8k price,Flipkart service is quite good
Just trust me.... Dont go for Xolo.... XOlO phones are very bad in performance . I got the refund and suggests all to not go for xolo.........U can prefer microma than xolo and karbonn...... Once again i want to ask u dont go for xolo
Overall a Good Phone Poor camera, no short cut to go to view photos directly from camera application... have to go to gallery... Bit Heavy though sleek looking..
Dear all, I'm writing this review after my purchase of xolo q1000 opus in march. I planned to write this review after the purchase but as xolo was new to me, I thought to wait few more months. And the experience was amazing. I used it so rough that it could be stable in all and sole conditions. It can play hd videos, can play 3d foot ball game 3d pesa2014 without any lag i loved its performance. Not evan a single time it hanged. Evan if my 32gb memory was almost full due to gaming. And yes, service center is a issue as Xolo is just emerging in Indian market. But keeping that a reason, a company cant sell bad products!!!! Over all i would suggest its a wonderfull buy!!!! 5 stars
please customers don't purchase this phone..i used this phone,.xolo phones is very low quality and not good servise in servise centre
mobile Screen Resolutions and rear camra & secondry camra is not good Resolution battery backup is good
all features are good....except the quality of camera....and other is the sound of the phone is very low but it's clear...gameing experience amazing...
Xolo Opus is simply awesome. i don't know where to begin... first I would like to say that people are goind haywire for moto e and moto g, but in reality the xolo opus is far better in terms of specs and performance than both of the devices and is 5K cheaper than the moto g.. Pros: 1> the 5" IPS Display: for a device priced at 7K it is just superb, it has good viewing angles, but should have more PPI. 2> 2200 mah Battery: Lasts 14-16 hours on moderate internet and gaming usage. even on heavier sessions the battery would stay up for at least 9-10 hrs. that is pretty good for the price range. 3> Camera: The 5 MP rear camera with AF and BSI is upto the mark and is capable of recording 720p videos... i'm getting some pretty good results which are highly comparable to any device in the 10-15k range. 4> Processor & RAM: the 1.3 Quad core Processor coupled with the 1 GB RAM ensures that there are no lags what so ever. 5> Software: the Kitkat 4.4.2 Update is just the icing on the cake. A superb job done by the xolo developer team. Although there are no major tunings done to the otherwise stock update it still gives a revised and polished look compared to the JB OS. XOLO Power and XOLO Secure are very very good added apps. 6> USB OTG: PLUS 1 to XOLO 0 to MOTO G.... OTG support comes handy in some tricky situations..!!! Cons: Overall I feel the device should have more USER storage compared to the 1.1 GB available. Altough i'm not concerned about the warranty aspects, it sure would have been a peace of mind if xolo had more service centers PAN India...
Hi all, I bought this mobile on Jan14 via flipkart. Good performance never lags when playing high end games like asphalt 8, Real Racing 3, Fifa14 and Six Guns. Move apps from internal to SD. OTG support. Also support 64GB as I use 32gb memory card with 32gb pendrive via OTG cable so i.e it supports 64GB expandable memory but make sure you have formatted your pen drive with FAT file system otherwise it will not work. My last review about the network error is by the Kitkat update.. If software update comes consult your nearby service center about the update and update it. Because they only know the update has bugs or not. Now my phone is working good after reupdating the phone with old software from service center. My suggestion is must buy this phone if you don't care about the brand name. And buying Indian manufacturers make the country and company grow.
Really i feel very much satisfied by the product, its function and above all they had relieved from searching flip cover for the same. New processor broad com really astonishing
I was happy with this phones performance. Its look,its 5 inch display with lots of applications and with android 4.2.2 its really a good device. In a reasonable price its a pretty well built device.
good price and nice phone. I say to happily excellent service of flipkart.. :). guys, u can blindly believe on flipkart service.
I have purchased first time from online.excellent delivery speed by flipkart.my xolo q 1000 opus reached in 3 rd day of order placed.purchased 3 month ago n its running well.no problem persist yet.
its a good phone u can trust the broadcom but i'll suggest to go fr sony xperia e1 dual coz its sony mann............... phone is working fine mo issues with processor but gets up heated on upper back portion under heavy usages. Also have problem with proximity sensor. u can trust broadcom but not this one...............
Well done for price point and features. Excellent display quality and it feels really good. I would recommend this for everyone.
First of all not everyone thinks that xolo is bad......it's just worth the price..... I did benchmarking test on my phone.....found out it was better than Sony xperia L....which is around 15000 Benchmarking is a software that test your phone max capacity and abilities and show you a score. Which you can compare with other phones. Albeit,the volume output from any headphones or earphones is low......very low...
battery is great. I am normally using is for 3g browsing and business purposes and it works out great.I am still unravelling the full power and will take a bit more time.. Till then if you want to buy a android phone with a 5" display, 1gb Ram & a quad core processor under 10k, I guess its there in the form of xolo opus q1000.if u want it for the camera then you may chose any other product
Best Android Mobile with a low budget. Max battery, good camera quality & supports high graphic games.
I get really very good mobile. Xolo is a new name for me, I have some double in local mobile, but I found very good result and I am satisfy by all means... Now I am ready to buy again xolo. Thanks...
Safe & good delivery. quick response from flipkart. good tracking facility. Items received in a secured manner.
i love this phone.......awesome product from xolo.....superb model....everything is good about this phone.....people go and buy this phone....you will definitly enjoy.....
battery consumption is high otherwise best mobile in this range Had a great experience buying on Flipkart xolo security is not working though I have internet connection and registered no but still some problem is there
Value of Money. Good product in very low cost, that also included OTG Support!!!!! I will recommend this phone who are going to purchase under 10 k because it is worth it and purely value for money This phone having very good display as compared to present Samsung phones like grand ,core,duos etc as compared to other mobile phones like micromax,sony,samsung it has good internal memory approximate 2.80 gb (internal storage and phone storage) and 1 gb RAM it is enough for under 10 k budget phones and one nice feature is you can move apps to SD Card and Phone Stoarge as compared other companies this feature is very rear ,And also you can download some higher end version game also
XOLO Q1000 OPUS.. Its a great phone I ever seen in this price.. No problem faced.. Running smoothly.. No hanging problem.. Asphalt 8(1.6gb) and mc4(2gb) games are running smoothly without any hanging and heating problem.. Great battery backup.. I love this phone.. Thank you Xolo......... I HAVE RATED 5/5
committed for 19 delivered on 15, its totally amazing. Surprise !!!!!! i also get a flip cover in the box not expecting actually and a screen gaurd love the phone at first sight
product is very gud i like it very much and because of flipkart i got it in minimum time ... but i rate in 3 because i m unsatisfied with its sim.. one of the sim is not working well ... other wise it is gud
a good phone ggod colour and many free equipments and very good flip cover and is a price worthy mobile and overall a good phone
I face some problem when i connected XOLO Q1000 Opus mobile to my laptop through USB, Some time its shows data & some time doesn't, Camera is average, Apps & Game working fast & smooth, touch & screen fine, look solid. Overall its good mobile compare to other mobile Under 10k.
good phone at this price.... used in last two month ....absolutely no problem till now.camera is not good but so so..ok rest are good..
Best product with high features and low price. My wife is using for almost a month but she is highly satisfied about it. She has not complained so far
I am not a Tech Person So I cannot comment on Technical features. But as a laymen this phone is perfect for me. No problem since using it for 2 months, Purchased from Flipkart for Rs.8404/- with 10% Cashback. So effective cost was much less. Previously used Xolo q800 which I gave it to my wife. Even that is performing well till date. Till now impressed by Xolo Brands. But heard after sales in not good but when quality of the product is good after sales is limited. I recommended everyone to go for it.
Looks good, works fast, battery backup long last....This is the best smart phone I ever used. Thanks to Flipkart for wonderful and quick service...
I believe in brand Like Nokia,Sony ( I personally dont like Samsung) etc etc.But i bought xolo q1000 opus. This phone is brilliant . Good Points 1.Fast & Furious -10 on 10 2.Built Quality is Brilliant - 10 on 10 3.Dual Sim & Stand By - 10 on 10 4.Screen Resolution is good - 10 on 10 5.Gaming speed superb - 10 on 10 6. Internet Speed is also Good - 10 on 10 7. Touch screen awesome - 10 on 10 8. Battery - Better that Others - 10 on 10 9.Camera - Good with 1 flash - 10 on 10 10. Packaging is Brilliant , Brilliant , 10 on 10 11. Charge Time very short - 10 on 10 Bad Point 1. I wish this phone comes with 8 gb internal Memory. So This is a brilliant phone with no problem.& The most important point is the price 0nly 9000 So go to the next level of mobile phone. Grab Xolo q1000 opus. Thank You Xolo for this great phone
Good delivery from Flipkart. No need to purchase from local shop where there is a price gap. At the end quality matters. So be confident to purchase online. This is my second set the first was Nokia. Trust Flipkart
this mobile bast operating and there is bast display in the mobile and this mobile price very low price and all feature in mobile xolo bast company service providing because there are company in the free call center providing l like xolo company
this mobile is nice at its price range but just one problem that it has overheating problem at minimal usage.. although performance is nice because of quad core process. full hd video runs smooth. games run cooler.. battery runs half day ... cool appearance.. slim body.. flip cover is good. i will rate it 5 if not overheating problem. hope xolo developer is get noticed of this and provide firmware update to overcome this issue... thanks
I am using it from almost a month and very happy with the performance of the phone. really it is worth of having. good phone from xolo.
is a very nice phone in this price range.. battery backup, screen, speed is good video quality is very good.
Well, its been 2 weeks since i bought this model for my cousin and had amazing remarks so far. Good and sleek design, perfect body and cover, pretty handy, easy to articulate, very user friendly interface. Absolutely worth buying and will live up to your mark. Nice piece of work by XOLO which is an emerging wave in the Electronic Telecommunications and as far as Flipkart is concerned, well guys you might have already knew a lot about it "as actions speak stronger than words."
The unit had some network error and thanks to flipkart as they replaced it with a new one in just 2 days. now its working fine. I saw some reviews that it gets heated up. But its not so even when playing HD videos. But I havent checked with high graphic games. The outstanding thing is the GPS combined with Glonass. Google maps get GPS lock within 10 seconds without data connection and in open space within 5 seconds. The only problem is the brand is XOLO. But performane wise its very good
Quad core processor, 1gb ram, even hav graphics which helps in gaming, Camera clearity superb......Can surely go fa dis phone.... very gud product
After a long wait had the mobile of my choice i.e.XOLO Q1000 Opus. It is compatible against the all the Branded High End Other Mobiles. Processor is real fast. Very easy to operate. Has all the utilities for your day to day work. Only draw back is it does not come with PC Suite facility. If Xolo introduces the PC Suite, then it would be very easy to have back ups of your daily activities with your computers. Hence enabling you to occupy less phone & card memory. Its Built in power saver helps battery to drain less. Phone is wonderful & real value for your hard earn money. Thank you Xolo Q1000 Opus for such A value for money product.
iam using this phone from 2 days . No lags No hangs. smooth like butter . ALL APPS WORKING 100 % LAG FREE AND SMOOTH . THANKS TO 1 GB RAM . I MUST SAY YOU NEED TO CONFIGURE THE SETTING OF INTERNET PROPERLY ON THIS AS THIS DEVICE IS NEWLY LAUNCHED .I MEAN MANUAL CONFIGURATION . BEST BUY AND POCKET FRIENDLY
Is it worth buying it and will i get value for money if order q1000 opus, please advise any other phone if you can advise with quad core and 1GB Ram
I mm afriad.. its not that simple.. What I can say is that It is DEFINITELY an IPS display... angle of visibility is nrarly 178 dgress in all directinos but... in one direction (vertical) minimal color(Black) inversion/distortin is present... and by comparison of Xolo Q800, and Q700, IPS is NOt that Great.... though the Visual angle is definitely Lot better than typical FT TN display.... so nothing much to worry about. Even Samsung TFT display will NOt be this good.. and I have done head to head comparison and color distortin is definitely more in a samsung display (they use plain TFT TN LCD display.. and not IPS) of double cost... All I notice is that after 45 degree from vertical in ear piece's direction, (towards the top of phone), the Black in the scene phases out little... any other color change is un-noticeable... and Diisplay is Really vibrant... from 196 PPI display you can expect that ou can see the pixels if you concentrate, but after 1 foot.. it is not esy to see pixels unless you use magnifuin glass... and that is an ideal reading /viewing distance... so Chill out.. and Enjoy the treat.
i have purchased Xolo Q1000 Opus and checked the Future one of the best cell phone in his sigment, i am very happy and Flipkart service is excellent one of the best before the committed time received the product
Iam buying this phone because, im a game freak so with 1GB ram i can play games like temple run and others. What i like in this phone is the 5inch screen and processor....
Good phone for the money. Worth it. Already dropped the phone few times. Bit robust as of now. Lets see. Few flaws here and there. Will have to wait for bad things to show up. As of now it is good for look and feel. Definitely worth for 10K.
too good....except sound and camera....battery is average...runs more than 1day.....running almost every game without any lag.....tough competition for samsung, nokia, htc even micromax at this price.....
this phone contains every thing.Touch,battery,sound.....perfect.some issues with camera but can be accepted.so.best phone in the range of 9 thousand
