MOBDRYWHA3ZU9BRT
They are giving high end configurations, but when comes to bechmark test you will get low scores due to the low quality hardware. Also their service is very poor.. I had a very bad experience. They just keep the phone with them never try to return it back. My advice never go for karbonn try micromax, or any other brand not karbonn
Good config hampered by low battery. Not worth 15k at all. Its better to go for titanium x than this. A couple of grand more gives u better features.
This is not a technical review - I ordered this phone and got it within 2 days flat!! Wonder why people still don't order from Flipkart. The phone looks nice and screen / display is brilliant and clear. The touch is effortless and camera quality is impressive. Front cam is clear too. I am happy with my purchase and feel I have got a bang for my buck. This is my second Karbonn phone after s5 bought a year ago. Absolutely no issues with Karbonn thus far.
Good phone with good specs. For people talking abt very less battery, mind you, this is a AMOLED screen and the power consumption is v less and the colours are very rich. 1800 mAh on a AMOLED phone is equivalent to 2200 - 2400 mah on a LCD IPS screen.
this is my required configuration if i want to buy a indian brand mobile for upto 16k 1)4.7 inch screen 2)720p screen 3)MTK6589T or above 4)2Gb RAM 5)good quality 5MP cam, not cheap 8MP 6)1MP+ front cam 7)2100 plus battery 8)finally good looking. coming to titanium s4 i dont see any difference between this and 1 yr back canvas HD in spec and in size dear karbonn MAKE a phone dont just buy it from china, and sell it here
I bought this phone 3 months back. by seeing good camera pixels processor etc etc... Unfortunately camera clarity is very bad. not even 2 MP clarity ..soo blurry pictures. Processor is OK. But Heat it generates very high. You cant talk in this phone for more than 4 mins...it generates lot of heat into you ears..you feel head ache at the end of the calls. Very very bad...very high radiation...Zero rating...Dont buy ,..dont waste money...No quality even for 10K
I have purchased 5-6 Karbonn Mobiles so far. If you are lucky or it does not fall from your hand then it is OK. If anything happen to the phone you forget it and go for new phone. That is why I have purchased 5-6 phones. If you go for customer center they never repair your phone. Simply keep the phone and give you a acknowledgement letter. I had a very bad experience. They just keep the phone with them never try to return it back. My advice never go for karbonn. Go for Samsung or any other brand not karbonn.
12,500 is a very much high price for a phone of company Karbonn...................Not much features........Poor quality of features........really want to buy a phone ,buy another company except of Karbonn like SAMSUNG,MICROMAX,LG...........low touch quality..............
I got surprise after receiving this phone very next day after ordering so I must say Flipkart very fast but when comes to mobile the only demerit I have judge for this phone is low battery backup apart from that phone is having very good features, It is too early to say much about this phone as I got three days back only so let me use for some more time and I will right another one. As of now I can say Micromax is bit better than this.
Very Good Product :) good service by flipkart great experience buying on Flipkart Very fast service this is very good product in karbonn mobile very good price
Before buying any company phone...check for service centers in your area. Because if anything goes wrong your money will be complete waste if there are no service centers in your area.
