MOBDTAGJRQ7JBZGS
I bought this mobile on 08/03/2014 from an outlet. Everything worked fine without headphones. The worst experience is with the headphone plugged. And when you make a call you get a beattle/buzzy sound (similar kind of sound when you place your phone near to a TV rxr or any speaker),and that sound lasts throughout the call. Even when you lock the phone screen we get this sound. After calling to customer care they said to reset the phone,but no use. I walked down twice to the care center and he gave me a note to replace. And successfully i took replacement on 12/03/2014. Ya.. now what I felt as an electronic engineer is..that could be a minor problem which happens rarely and I trusted XOLO for the second time and again took same mobile on replacement. It worked fine for 5,6 days. yesterday ie 19/03/2014 i used my mobile for just 15 mins for voice calling. You know what...the problem started again... this time even worse.. even the songs played on music player come with this irritating sound. dont even try to call with headphone plugged.Then I reset my mobile on 20/03/2014. Which resetting it took almost 10 mins and another 15/20 mins to update(used wifi connected). the battery temp rised to around 46.5 deg.This is not something usual just for 10 mins of wifi for updating your phone on first time. with all this the problem still persists..and all my effort goes in vain.. Being an INDIAN i thought to encourage an INDIAN company. But now I understood why people go after a BRAND... Ya definetly I regret buying XOLO Q1100. poor workmanship. poor build quality Though processor(Mobile) specs seems tempting its slow..definitely.. I do not understand what kind of testing was done before releasing a mobile into the Market. Poor QA & QC of XOLO. overall I rate this mobile 2/10.(1/5) Basically A mobile now-a-days ALL -IN-ONE,the basic requirement is to make a call peacefully. If that is failed no need of rating even your mobile. Now -a-days due to radiation and all other reasons everyone use headphone. Giving this that extra extra.. first make mobile ie basic communication call and message IDEAL(with zero errors)..then add extra features.. Otherwise ALL your efforts on establishing a company and making such products goes USELESS... I do understand problems occur in electronics,software,firmware...but if the same problem is repeating another device purchased by the same person...Then there is a serious problem in the Mobile itself.Please recheck, RETEST, the design,the firmware whatever best you can do. Customer support and customer satisfaction should be the MOTTO and PRIDE of ANY INDIAN COMPANY.. not just earn money.. Ohhh.. quite a lenghthy essay.. Ha this is the peak of frustration levels. The journey in redhot climate to the customer care twice almost 70km ride (to and fro) made even worse.. Atleast opn more number of customer care centers in big cities like hyderabad,just one or two that too somewhere too far its too annoying.
I received the phone on 4 apr 2014 and immediately noticed an issue of cell broadcast where every 2 -3 min a message containing operator info came. There was no way to switch it off. I contacted Flipkart and was asked to contact xolo. Xolo on the other hand had no answer for it. Other issue is it gets heated up very often even after 10 mins of use. Also battery us just poor, it lasts Max 2.5 hrs of wifi\3g or gaming. In the meantime I had to go out of station and could not followup with Flipkart. On 10th May (on my birthday incidentally) the LCD screen broke ( from inside) by itself (poor manufacturing material or manufacturing defect) while there is no scratch on outside screen(touchscreen). I was using the phone when it suddenly developed cracks. I went to xolo care and they are saying that its physical damage and not covered under warranty and asking for rs 6500 for repair. I called up Flipkart on the issue however initially they denied accepting the claim since 30 day replacement period was over. After a long conversation and request I was told to get DOS or DOA from xolo for getting the replacement of my xolo phone. I contacted xolo immediately and was told that DOA can be issued in first 7 days of purchase only and that too in case of manufacturing defect. They are not ready to give any certificate now. The LCD screen is cracked from inside and outer screen is scratchless. The screen cracked by itself maybe due to the excessive heat that the phone produces during use. Now both Flipkart and Xolo have refused to help. and I have waisted 12000 bucks on cheap company Xolo. Have ordered Moto E now (7000) a new phone equeal to teh repair cost of cheap Xolo Q 1100. Pls do not buy Xolo, do not be fooled by Indian name, Xolo imports cheap phones from China and rebrands them. God Curse Xolo !!!
Well it cant get shittier than this. Any issue (small/big)taken to service centre, takes at least 4 months to get resolved. at the end of it there is a big chance that you will be given a old useless phone as replacement. For XOLO, customers= no respect. dont trust me ? go to your nearest service centre and sit there for 1 hour, you will see a endless queue of angry pissed customers. Be smart, donn't go for xolo. do your research before you invest, money doesnt grow on tree.
I'll Suggest do not trust and buy Xolo, its parts are not available in the market its screen is delicate breaks frequently. Xolo my life worst experiance in mobile phone, I'll suggest invest 1000-2000 bugs more and go for a branded cell phone rather than wasting your full amount of money in Xolo.
When i bought the phone i was quite proud of my decision. Initially everything worked great. Then as time passed by I started experiencing difficulties. Here is rough timeline of the problem experienced I bought Xolo Q2000 around the mid of November 2013. And here is my past 9 month experience. End of 1 month: Started noticing the heating problem near the primary camera region even with normal usage. End of 2nd Month: The camera started malfunctioning. The cam scanner software was not able to capture clear images. Even the image quality from the camera software was so bad that camera shot from a 3.2 MP camera looked more clear. The flash was not in sync with the shutter making the flash useless. Images taken in dark were as good as without flash phones. End of 4th month: Phone started to hang. Phone generally became unresponsive after 30 mins of call and screen won't turn on even to disconnect the call. End of 5 months: The GPS feature stopped working. Even the assisted GPS was not able to zero down even within 5 Kms of the location. I tried checking the direction eature by installing a compass software and found that it's not detecting. I have tried all the solution available on internet but nothing seems to work. And now lets discuss the XOLO care The Xolo care is responsive on email but they just have only one solution for all your problems. i.e. visit the service center. Service centers are totally unprofessional. This is my experience at Hussainganj service center in Lucknow. Practice followed is first to deny any problem. Then restart the phone and say that the problem is resolved. Blame the heating problem as acceptable XOLO being a powerful phone. Even then if you insist they will take the phone and do nothing. Ultimately you will get frustrated and beg them to return your phone. Be aware don't spend your valuable earned money on XOLO
if u wnt 2 waste ur money thn go 4 this mobile... i replaced this mobile 2 times but same problems occures again again... not a worthy product I WILL NEVER TRUST XOLO for lifetime...and yeah thanks flipkart for refund. u keep ur words my FULL TRUST ON FLIPKART.
Xolo Q1100, so far i am using this product has given me a good experience in 28 days. It is functioning well display, speed, memory all nice working. what I expected from Qualcomm MSM8228 Snapdragon 400, Quad-core 1.4 GHz. is getting me. two small problems found: No. one is in Radio reception which is weak comparing to other hand sets. No. two is sometimes one or both SIMs are missing and a question mark coming in the place of SIM. it is not happening a frequent basis but average thrice in a week, that's why I said "a small problem". I have informed these problems already to XOLO Support team but not responded. xolo q1100 is look wise it is very good thin and beautiful (thanks to Lithium Polymer). Overall xolo is good. the company can market it in Asian and African countries, before doing this they have to develop a good web portal and service networks. In conclusion I wish xolo as an emerging Indian company Thanks!
This phone is great at its price point and I think it is better than moto g. -5-inch HD IPS OGS Display > 4.5-inch HD -Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 1.4 GHz Quad Core Proc...(better than Moto g's 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Quad Core Processor) -Android Jelly Bean 4.3 -8 MP Rear Camera with BSI 2 Sensor > 5 MP Primary Camera -Thickness ((8.3 mm > 11.6 mm)) -Costumer care(Both of them are bad)
Its from my Own Experience with XOLO A800 first the sound Quality of the phone is very poor,next the service center's in chennai is so pathetic and few in numbers to be precise 4 centers and the way people treat the customers is so harsh and pathetic, I have had experience in "DEPROSYS" T Nagar, so if you are from Chennai, I recommend not to opt for Xolo Products .
I had been going through lot of reviews on internet before i bought this phone.. Initially i was planning to spend only 10K not more than that... one day suddenly came across this mobile.. what attracted me the most was the Processor SNAPDRAGON... anytime better than Mediatek... next thing was Camera.. i went through gogi.in and found review where i found the quality of camera really good..If there are good lights indoors it will come out good... otherwise noisy.. cant help almost all phone cameras are like that.. Out doors in daylight its amazing.. The issues... and how to tackle them.. 1) I was anyways going to root phone to avoid all the ads.. so i rooted and the first thing i did is remove the Cell broadcast app.. it resolved all the issues with regards to cell broadcast. 2) Next thing was disturbances in earphone.. the disturbance is similar to the sound that usually comes from speaker when you keep you phone besides it.. the solution i got is in network mode select WCDMA (i.e. 3G) and this problem would stop too.. Gaming is amazing.. If you can reduce the resolution you can play all the high end games at highest setting smoothly.. But yes it heats up and temp shoots to 42 Degrees.. i guess its same in other phones with quadcore processor too while gaming or web browsing.. I dont need speaker much so low speaker volume didnt bother me.. the voice clarity in calls are fine not amazing.. can be easily ignored..nwdays its more of whatsapping and facebooking.. No one talks on phone :P.. The quality of sound is not that good.. but those who can root phone can easily find ways to improve sound quality from this phone.. At the price of below 12K this is really a good deal... i wanted to sell of my old phone so had to buy from local store..
i bought this phone after ignoring all the bad review thinking that every1 can have bad day and 1 or 2 product can go wrong ......but eventually things turned up bad for me and whatever was written in bad reviews went true for me, every bit of small info was right Eventually i had to replace the product twice and later went for Refund and decided i am not gonna take any more replacement .... But before proceeding with the review, i would like to thank Flipkart and WS Retailer for being purely professional and helping me out, as they understood the point that the product delivered was not right So here i come to the problem part : 1. Every time i was inserting 2 sim and starting 3G on SIm 1 network goes off for sim 1 and then sim 2 and then again it comes up and sequence repeats , frequency : atleast 20 times in 30 min and it wont let u call or receive any1's call 2. battery heats up in 5 min call to 44 degree and wont let you talk even in AC 3. when ever i was plugging in ear phone to call some one a current like sound comes in and it is so high that u cant talk to any1 4. Xolo care application when tries to send unlimited messages some where and i was kept on getting notification for balance deduction though it was zero but the notification was almost 500 per day which doesnt let u do any work 5 . Cell Broadcast issue : okay so xolo says that they have given an update to the firmware via OTA but i say they are lyng ... problem is that the initial lot of this product had manufacturing defect with which u cannot update firmware and this is something that they have accepted in writing to me after an heated altercation ..... 6. video volume is so low that even if u keep this phone near your ear u wont be able to hear anything Well apart from above problems there are some manufacturing CONS too : 1. back cover is of bad plastice and when ever u remove that ur volume , on off keys comes out and after seeing this i was like wtf .....never experienced this chindi giri with any proper mobile company , thats a basic design relation stuffs 2. u cannot remove memory card without removing your battery , forget abt sim card 3. headphones are very cheap quality , it feels like our local railways station 100 rs stuff Well all i can say after my 1 day use and 4 day harassment of this product that XOLO might have given some good products like q800 but this is completely pathetic , point is calling and data related service is basic and they should have tested these handsets and if they know that a complete lot of there product is bad they should call it back .... they are releasing almost 10 phones in one quarter , wonder when are they testing there products ............
I bought this phone 4 months back from a store around 13K. I have been using xolo Phones for last 2 years Pros: 1. You can get it much cheaper now! Around 10K- Value for money. 2. Graphics/Viewing angles etc are good. 3.Decent Camera 4. Decent Processing. 5. The build quality and look is decent Cons: 1.Battery :( Depletes fast, but charges fast as well. 2. headphone not good enough- Xolo should really make headphones available in market as spares. Standard headphones do not work with xolo phones.. I can not make clear call using Headphones. Suggestions: 1. Check the headphones if its working fine - 1st thing when you open the carton. 2. Never pay prices higher than what is their in flipkart. 3. Reduce the screen brightness to enhance battery. Using single Sim is also great help if you really don't need dual Sim. 4. No point in getting Battery guru or Xolo Secure - infact it just increases battery consumption. Verdict: You can go ahead with the given price band
All, Those who want to buy XOLO products, please make note of the fact that XOLO offers very poor post-sales service. I am struggling to get my phone serviced since last 2 and half months. Earlier I had problem with Screen which got repaired. But later I got into the problem where the XOLO secure software blocked my Phone. I could not even restore factory default settings. The local service centre could not fix it and hence it has been sent to other service centre. I am waiting for the XOLO phone to arrive. I am hardly getting any reply from XOLO. So, please dont opt for XOLO, if you need good after sales service. -- Vksalian
cons: 1. Camera doesnt work in broad day light. (sounds funny?? but true!!) 2. Battery discharges rapidly. 3. Charging is very slow. 4. Proximity sensor problem. 5. Mobile gets heated for running small games also. Totally this mobile can be viewed as a trial piece made out to check for gaming purposes.
Decent phone within the price range. Looks good...performance is very good...no lags or restarts till date..more than 3 months of usage. Music quality is good in headphones and speaker both...plug in your favourite headphones and you'll get what you want. Battery is average not that good. But will last a day easily with moderate to heavy usgae. Display is very good, comment given by a nexus user. Performance is decent...will play most wanted gtr2 asphalt 8 without any lags...thanks to snapdragon chipset. Confused between MotoG and this...I went for it..so can you.
I bought this product from a store in Mumbai. Initially when i saw the specifications, i thought it should be a excellent choice with respect to RAM, Camera, Display, Battery, Processor etc. But once i had it in use for few days, it started noise problem when you plug in head set, Battery guru is of no use, Network ups & down during you travel to some place etc. All these problems are followed by XOLO's third party service center & its response. No parts availability, you have to keep your set for min. 10-15 days if any part requirement is there, then, you have to follow your own to get your hand set back as Service center will not bother to call you, if it is done repairing. If anyone evaluating to buy this set, i would suggest them to go for MOTO G with same price range. If you've already bought, all the best for future experiences. CHINESE is alwz CHINESE...
Hi All, By nature I am very function oriented guy, when it comes to mobile phones brand usually do not matter coz of the following reasons: 1. All brands use third party hardware. 2. All Android based smart phones have similar software i.e. ANDROID In absence of above two service quality becomes a key differentiating factor while buying a phone. Pros a) High end Processor b) Better screen resolution c) Descent built looks more like Sony Experia C Cons a) Service stations are not available in tier II cities b) Service of handset usually takes more than 7 days c) Even for small faults one needs to deposit his/her phone d) Android Updates are unstable - Back camera stops working - Call logs and messages disappears - Multiple icons are formed e) Icons get scrambled themselves. In 13k its a descent phone but not 100 % worth its cost. Karun
After speculating the market for several days, after carefully scrutinizing every tiny detail of all budget android smartphones I chose XOLO Q1100 to be the new toy for my little brother. Xolo Q1100 a budget smartphone? No. Its much more than that. Its cost like one but certainly performs better than usual ones. All owing to the Snapdragon 400, will really pulls off. Sorry Micromax, but you will never be able to catch up with this kid. The only problem I have is the issue of small battery that just doesn't works out well. I myself have Nexus 5 which suffers from the similar problem. So keeping the Q1100's price in mind, there shall be no harm in accepting the device. Also I would like to give some credit to Flipkart for selling the phone to me at really an attractive price
I have bought this model a week back from Sangeetha outlet in Bangalore. My experience is painful and caution not to buy XOLO smartphones even if your getting it for 1 Rupee. Next day itself camera has started showing error while connecting to the camera and not able to take pictures. Cell broadcast could not be stopped as there is no feature provided in the handset. Day and night you have to receive cell broadcast messages non stop at every a few seconds interval. Contacted Sangeetha but they have directed me to contact some one in XOLO. Xolo doesn't have support structure and they have never bothered to call back to know the pain points of the customer. The flip cover supplied along with phone badly designed and on-off switch comes off if you try change the SIM card. whenever you try to contact XOLO support they say that they will call back but they will never call back. I have sent email and SMS but no response. I will never recommend to BUY XOLO an it's just waste of money and XOLO sells low quality smartphones with absolutely ZERO support.
My purchase of this product with flipkart was absolutely wonderful. The most exciting part was that I got the product 2 days before the actual commitment date as provided by flipkart at the time of booking. The phone is absolutely wonderful and although not bought it for myself, there are no negative comments so far. Good show FlipKart and keep it up by delivering more such exciting products at our doorstep. I am your fan right now and have recently ordered another product expecting to have similar experience with that as well. Thanks.
Xolo phones comes with the worst customer support you could ever imagine. I had brought a xolo Q700 last august, and within 6 months of usage, the battery got swollen up like a baloon. Its been now more than a month that i have been running around different service center however they cannot provide a replacement battery. Nor do they know by when a battery would be available. The xolo q700's battery is not even compatible with aby other 3rd partys battery manufaturer ( i tried luminous, maxx, ERD, nothing works with xolo) . Without proper customer support, this phone is a total waste of money.
hello i purchased this phone after sold my xolo a500s cause of insufficient ram space but the problem was same with xolo q1100.. even i switch off every application but ram on 20 to 30 percent free.. even i face one more problem with speaker.. voice was clear but in between voice drop so many time..
I currently own a Q800 and gonna be upgrading to this phone in near future. The advantages of Q1100 over the MOTO G. 1)Storage space:- The 16GB version of MOTO G has about 11.5-12GB available free space. Whereas this phone has an SD slot. MOTO G lacks SD slot. 2) Camera- The MOTO G has an average 5MP shooter wherease this phone has an 8MP shooter with BSI 2 sensor. BSI stands for backside illumination sensor. (Better snaps in low light) 3)Processor- If you're not much into developing, Q1100 has a 1.4Ghz proc whereas MOTO G has 1.2ghz proc. You see, MOTO G is a consumer device. It was made for an average consumer. Since Q1100 has a snapdragon processor there is a high possibilty of receivng a 4.4 update or by installing 4.4 custom ROM's(You can upgrade thereafter too) The 2000mah battery and 1GB ram is the only thing which is dissapointing since the world is transitioning to 1.5GB-2GB RAM.
You guys are charging too much money for this phone other sites are giving them for 13,142rs change the price of the phone
i bought this phone after ignoring all the bad review thinking that every1 can have bad day and 1 or 2 product can go wrong ......but eventually things turned up bad for me and whatever was written in bad reviews went true for me, every bit of small info was right Eventually i had to replace the product twice and later went for Refund and decided i am not gonna take any more replacement .... But before proceeding with the review, i would like to thank Flipkart and WS Retailer for being purely professional and helping me out, as they understood the point that the product delivered was not right So here i come to the problem part : 1. Every time i was inserting 2 sim and starting 3G on SIm 1 network goes off for sim 1 and then sim 2 and then again it comes up and sequence repeats , frequency : atleast 20 times in 30 min and it wont let u call or receive any1's call 2. battery heats up in 5 min call to 44 degree and wont let you talk even in AC 3. when ever i was plugging in ear phone to call some one a current like sound comes in and it is so high that u cant talk to any1 4. Xolo care application when tries to send unlimited messages some where and i was kept on getting notification for balance deduction though it was zero but the notification was almost 500 per day which doesnt let u do any work 5 . Cell Broadcast issue : okay so xolo says that they have given an update to the firmware via OTA but i say they are lyng ... problem is that the initial lot of this product had manufacturing defect with which u cannot update firmware and this is something that they have accepted in writing to me after an heated altercation ..... 6. video volume is so low that even if u keep this phone near your ear u wont be able to hear anything Well apart from above problems there are some manufacturing CONS too : 1. back cover is of bad plastice and when ever u remove that ur volume , on off keys comes out and after seeing this i was like wtf .....never experienced this chindi giri with any proper mobile company , thats a basic design relation stuffs 2. u cannot remove memory card without removing your battery , forget abt sim card 3. headphones are very cheap quality , it feels like our local railways station 100 rs stuff Well all i can say after my 1 day use and 4 day harrasement of this product that XOLO might have given some good products like q800 but this is completly pathetic , point is calling and data related service is basic and they should have tested these handsets and if they know that a complete lot of there product is bad they should call it back .... they are releasing almost 10 phones in one quater , wonder when are they testing there products ............
Purchased xolo Q1100 on 21/03/2014. So far doing good. I am an average user. Dont play games or use any high end apps. Just 3G Internet , Whataaps, Voicecalls and texts. But in a week time I noticed that battery drains very fast. I need to charge the phone daily twice. Even in idle mode during night battery drains almost 20-25%. The worst is that there is no option to turn off the CELL Broadcast function.This is very irritating. Every 5 minutes you gets message from cell broadcast. I contacted customer service and they said that this option is unavailable and suggested me to put SIM CARD in another phone where this option is available and tuned it off from there. Very pathetic.... Camera claims 8MP on paper but the images of Samsung, SONY 3-5MP cameras are better. One more drawback, you can not extract the number from the Text messages to save it as contact in address book. These are basic functionality missing which an average user required. Rest on you guys to decide.
I ordered the mobile from other online site, and received the phone today. This phone is now the ultimate Uno No:1 phone in this segment. Visit thinkdigit.com to check the benchmark scores of it against Moto G, it has clearly defeated Moto G by a very large margin, if you want to know more about the phone check in Youtube the 14 min video after wtching it you would never have any second thought about any other phone. Coming to XOLO company it the Apple of India, the quality of their phones is undescribable,unmatchable, untouchable compared to other indian manufacturers. In future u will surely receive the 4.4 and 4.5 updates since it has a Qualcomm processor and Xolo company behind it.
this phone has a bug that when ever you insert handsfree a humming sound comes.. no other handsfree works u cannot hear any music from earphone.. the phone's speaker is also very low... the display is also dim and whenever you plug in the earphone google now pops up which asks for voice command....i have asked flipkart to take this up with xolo coz other xolo phones are very nice but this one is a dump..
Hi friends, I am a gadget freak and non of my mobile last with me more than 6 month. I find either new device or shortly some other devices catch my interest. I was using Moto G 16GB before i switch to Xolo Q 1100 ( External expandable memory slot, Better camera, big screen (5 inch), removable battery. ) Frankly telling Moto G was a good product in terms of Motorola's global reach( better tweaks and soft support) but for India model XT 1033, there were various bugs ( No soft support, finding lots of bugs in terms of dual radio and 3g connectivity). Appreciate Flipkart for support and changing my device. Experience with flipkart was awesome.Best online store so far. before buying Q 1100 i googled and read some gadget magazines for check best available hardware. I read many places This model is a MotoG killer and found many youtube videos where review were nice. Got this device yesterday and so far i found all is well other than few software bugs like laud speaker is weak but earphone is really cool and snapdragon booster work really well with earphone, i am impressed with audio quality. 294 ppi is good but much lesser than Moto G ( 329 ppi) Camera is much better than Moto G, Less noise. Kitkat 4.4.2 on motoG is making the right combination of hardware with sw. hope Xolo ( present JG 4.3) will give OTA upgrade for Q1100 soon which will make this devices a real Moto G killer. Gaming experience is not so great when i compare with MotoG Well i booked my handset last wednesday with 12798 and today i am finding flipkart revised it with 13300 plus. i am still evaluating other features in Q1100 hope this handset will give me complete satisfaction for the money i spend. Best wishes.
Its such a nice mobile on this budget range.. well advance and performing all task with good quality... main disadvantage is battery power is low.. but that also manageable. Overall nice and its rocking still :)
hi guys, my name Venu i hav got this mobile from this flipkart. really i doesn't want to give any star for this ppl coz they hav promised me to deliver a product on or before 21st march 2014 but i hav got on 28th march 2014, and now when i hav opened it was looking nice, but after 1 day mobile was asking about encryption in a xolo care, so did that n i dont know what happend its not gettin on, if its gettin on it was asking about decryption when i enter password it is showing image of android n the phone got hang, now also its not working. now if these people can do me a fovour of replacing a mobile if will be a very happy person.
i bought this phone about a year ago.since flipkart couldn't deliver it to my area i had to get it from somewhere else. it cost me about 12k at that time.Now lets get on with the review. My initial impressions were that the phone looked quite good,external build quality was fine but the fit and finish could have been better.The camera takes good daylight pictures.The front cam is also decent.Where this phone blew me away was the performance.It was quite snappy i could play most of the high end games easily and watch HD videos.Now here comes the problem.This phone heats up exorbitantly no matter what you do with it.It would hit the 50 degree mark in just 15 mins of gaming.For comparison sakes any phone going over 40-44 degrees is said to be heating.Another thing is the PATHETIC battery life.This phone lasted 3hrs and 40mins in a battery drain test.Phones considered to have an average battery life last about 7hrs.What good is all that performance if you just cant use it.And also the 3.5mm headphone jack is of terrible quality.The music cuts out ans stutters.The call quality is really bad.The after sales service are also terrible.Luckily i managed to break it's screen one day so i got rid of it.I would highly recommend that you DO NOT buy it...or u could go ahead and see for yourself.
I bought this phone about 9 months back, the phone works supremely well and has no issue with lagging or slowing. PROS: The display is good and shows HD videos nicely. The phone is fast and is also good for playing games, as it has Quadcore processor and 1GB RAM. Battery life is good and can easily work for almost a day. The battery charges quite fast too. The voice quality is great and very clear and microphone is also good. Camera is nice and works well in light and little dark surroundings.The Front Camera will work nicely in lighted settings only. The phone is very lightweight and sturdy as well ! The good thing about the company is that it provides a screen guard on the mobile from first and also gives an extra. Along with a flip cover !!! The only CON I found was: the speaker is not that loud and good. My experience with the phone has been good till now and i am satisfied with it. It is highly recommended to be bought if anyone wants a phone with best features available, at the given price range.
Hi All, I bought this phone on 31 March 2014 at a Local Shop. i used it for 8 happy months. Everythiing's great, except battery (but its normal, runs for a day). I think XOLO should go for Android updates regularly to bound their customers.. Also, this phone lacked the Gorilla Glass.. Hence, i'd to go for another phone. However, its a great phone to have with Superb Features... Kudos to XOLO.....
i bought this phone from local shop .nice sexy phone but i started facing problem with my ear phone when i make any call "but this problem will solve as u change the mode to WCDMA" it really works .
THE PHONE WAS PUBLICISED DURING THE WORLDCUP as a super phone but it proved out to be a flop show and now as more and more people are facing prob w.r.t. camera/gallery/cell broadcasts/Unfortunately camera has stopped working like captions out of no where/the camera is not able to connect when it is most needed etc/
I bought Xolo Q800 on 13th Jan 2014 Till The day A facing Voice Cracking Voice Breaking Problem Any time Call Disconnect It Self In Starting I Was Thinking That is My SIM Problem i Changed my SIM 2-3 time.. Because of this Problem i Change My SIM Prepaid to Postpaid i thought may be it was rang problem... But Problem was still there Means the problem in is my device... This was Happen every 7 Calls out of 10 calls... I just Irritate because of this problem some time i am thinking that i throw my phone and destroy it... Finally i Decide to Move on Xolo Service Center for Resolve my problem on 13th June i Submit my Device on Xolo Service in Kalkaji Branch They 1st Done just Reset My Factory Setting and gave me back and said your phone problem solved now But When i Chack make a call to my frnd problem was still there... then i said My Problem still there then they Submit my Device and said we send it our main service center For Repairing... After 3 weeks They given me my Handset and said now your problem fully resolved... I Also think that they work on my device for 3 week may be now my problem solved... But when i use it for few days i realise that problem never solve they just change air speaker not work on phone motherboard... i am very disappointed with the service They take very long period for repairing my phone But never solve my issue... very poor Service... Again i submit my device in xolo service center This time i submit my device Lajpat Nagar Xolo Service Center On 4th October... They Submit my device that time My Work Order Number is 310000833541 After 21 Days they inform me that Your device Return back from service center... i am happy finally after 21 days they given me back my device but when i visit the service center i totally Shocked They Swap my device with Xolo Q800 X-Edition... That was not my device even that is different model too... Both mobile totally different price wise function wise looks wise i don't think they done this kind of dirty thing... Even That Device Full of many faulty problems back touch not work... msg send tab not work setting not open and many more problem in this ugly device... i just thought how they swap my mobile without my permission and swapping with a faulty mobile... that time i just wished that xolo company destroy from india... they make people fool... I again submit my mobile and request please give me my device return back not xolo x-edition... if you not able to repair my device i manage it with my self i repaired it in gaffar market at karol bagh... Because your IT Team like 1st standard baby they Never solve my issue in 21 days so they swapping my mobile with different device... this time MY Work Order No is.... 310000902011 My Orignal device IMEI No. 911306750495482 And i Still waiting my Device don't know when they return me my mobile back... i Agree problem happen in every brand device but at least there service center provide better service then this... I suggest everyone never ever purchase xolo products... go for moto, micro, or samsung etc.. SO, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY...!!
i have used different brands in mobiles like htc,nokia,samsung,and all.buy,this is very different product,which we can not expect this type of product in any mobiles very less in cost ,best occuracy,good in camera quality
the device is a value for money! i wanted to list down some strength & weakness based on my usage! Strength 1. Fabulous Camera Quality! 2. Video Plays well and the display looks nice! 3. Processor is good as i can play asphalt 8 nicely 4. and everything else about the phone besides the below: Weakness 1. Gets Hot 2. Contact Sync with google, viber, Whatsapp etc. is a problem. Options are limited, and It creates multiple blank entries, and connects two contacts 3. It doesn't have stereo speakers. so You will always have to carry the Headphones! 4. the Power button is placed at an odd position. everytime i press it with one hand, the Volume rockers also gets pressed on the other side!
I have bought this phone 4 months back. I am not satisfied with this phone. It has all big specifications but when it comes to build quality, apps & performance there is considerable difference between XOLO and phones like samsung and Nokia (I have S3 & Lumia 820 also). After just couple of days its headphone was broken. Camera app is very poor and quality is bad incomarison to same scale cameras. Performance is slow and battery is poor. One thing i have observed that these brands thouigh make big specifications but they cut cost in build quality. So if anybody wants a good quality phone then XOLO is not good at all it is useful only for less to moderate usage. But if you use your phone a lot this is bad choice.
The phone is pretty good for the price, considering all the features you get along with it. Pros: 1)Excellent camera front / back for photos & videos. HD recording is also excellent. 2) Smooth interface 3) Brilliant display 4)Extremely light weight 5)No problems connecting to the computer for file transfer 6) Can process multiple apps without any problems. 7) No problem of hanging or rebooting or removing battery to reboot. Cons: 1) Lot of static interference when listening to music using headphones. 2) Loss of signal & disturbance in voice during calls.(Better not to use headphones for calling/ music purposes) 3) Minimum brightness is very bright. Specially compared to other brands. The static interference while listening to music soo much using headphones is soo much, you end up getting irritated using it.Even while making calls, there is soo much disturbance & loss of connectivity , you will end up calling again just to get a good connectivity. The output of the speaker could have been better, does a decent job for music & notifications. If you are a person who listens to music using headphones or make plenty of calls in a day, THIS IS NOT THE PHONE TO BUY. It is not worth it. If you are using the phone for anything other than what I mentioned above, its the phone to buy at this price. Brilliant buy except for headphones & calling problems.
hi, good budget phone.... nice working.... no hanging problems.... good normal usage phone..... good phone at this price tag.... xolo getting into phone market..... well done xolo
Major problem found mobile SIM not detecting. Trying with Buyer and XOLO care... Not sure how will be the response.
Its got an awesome display. It performs so good. The camera is pretty decent. The sound I believe should have been a little more louder. At this range, this is the best phone. Grab it! P.S. - I'm using it right now and im happy :D
I bought this mobile on Apr-2014 from an outlet. Everything worked fine without headphones. The worst experience is with the headphone plugged. And when you make a call you get a beattle/buzzy sound (similar kind of sound when you place your phone near to a TV rxr or any speaker). Some times it also create many shortcut of application on menu. It's very poor.
i am using it for last 3 months it delivers amazing performance. the gaming is super it doesn't got hang up. i always enjoying asphalt 8 airborn game.it was really awesome. BUT only one problem is while playing games and using internet that mobile has been getting rapid heating. i goes high temperature. Out of that it was good mobile. some times camera flash is malfunctioning.
Over all good phone in this price range ,it looks like premium phone, only one cons battery is just OK it doesn't work like 2000 mah
big screen, quad core, 2 day battery life as a non cellphone gamer. do watch out it is a dual sim so ive observed this: sim slot 1 is 3g compatible but also gives those damn cell phone broadcasts every 2 minutes, sim slot 2 isnot 3g compatible but is free of the broadcasts. overall completely satisfied and this seller provided a screen guard along with a notebook style cover..great buy!
Xolo Q1100 is an awesome phone in mid cost. It provides all the functionalities which today's user expect from a phone. Awesome display with gud camera quality. One thing I noticed that headset volume is a little low as compared to samsung phones else everything is very gud.....
Over all "Paisa Vasool" mobile...lil bit headphone problem..over al its too good.. it is the best phone of xolo products ever.............................
It is the best phone in the range, Some people will say it dont have good built quality but i refuse xolo is a good company, you get several advantages over moto g in same price range some of these are expandable memory, removable battery(in case you want to change it), bigger screen. Just GO grab IT from WS seller
Got this Phone from local market in mumbai for Rs 13000/- Excellent hardware specs but!!!!! Network reception is very very poor even wifi signal reception is very poor Pros Good display Good Looks Good hardware specs specially 8gb Internal storage BIG CONS poor network reception Low audio on speakers Poor wifi connectivity noise disruption during calls due to which other persons vocie is not clear of the service centre list provided by xolo on website nearby my areas 2 are closed so guyss if you can compromise on the basic quality and need of any phone i.e to make calls pl go ahead
This is not one of the worst, this was the worst product I have ever received and used in my life. This Xolo mobile phone is so bad, they could not even get it right after replacement. Initially they sent me a faulty product, that I had to get replaced on the next day, still the replacement was also no good. It was again a faulty. Then I decided not to go for another replacement and decided to return and get my money back. So guys, please do not trust on the products you receive from flipkart, again, they deal with cheep dealers and 2nd grade products.
this phone's looks r awsum and it has too good featurs the best part it fits my budget classic display and also hd .
im much impressed on the look of the phone.the product is quite good and the flipkart is providing good customer service which i have to say to people.
My Xolo Q1000 battery doesn't charge any more. I gave the phone on the 3rd of April, 2014 for repair which was sent to Noida for the company to repair. I was informed that the motherboard will be replaced and eventually handed it back to me on the 5th of May. The service center also gave me a brand new battery as the earlier battery had gone bad too. After 32 days of waiting, the phone still doesn't charge. I've had 6 parts replaced already (USB connector, Sensor, earpiece, handsfree connector, Motherboard and Battery). It would be cheaper for Xolo and easier for me to have the entire phone replaced in one go. The phone is still lying with the service center and today is the 17th of May. Its a sad state of affair that Xolo has put me in. I hope someone's listening and someone takes action to replace the phone now. IMEI No.: 911310200327899
Postive -Nice crisp display HD -Nice music output -Wifi speed is very nice -comes with Snap dragon power guru which works well for power management Negative -Battery amp would have been more compare to 2000mah as it drains faster when high end games are played over all its a nice package under this price range.
I Purchased a Xolo Q1000 phone and here are problems listed 1. A lot of call drops 2. Many times either of parties would not hear anything (one way audio) 3. Hangs a lot, battery needs to be taken out and phone needs to be rebooted 4. Many times while phone but it won't receive calls, other party gets unreachable even though signal is full, will need to reboot the phone. 5. Within 6 months the built in speakers have started producing less quality sound. 6. Camera doesn't work in the night even with flash, the images are black. 7. In night video will looks ok on screen but actually results are quite different. 8. Many times sound recorder does not save file. 9. Skype crashed frequently and phone needs to be rebooted for it to work again. 10. Web Page has stopped working comes often even on sites optimized for mobile output.
Problem with low voice Problem with sound ringtone of phone Problem with cell broadcast which can't be removed Problem with camera
Thats Bullshit right there!!!!!!!!!!! Seriously use it to go through a lot of pain............. Total crap! Beware of stupid reviews above! Take care
the product is to good u can grab these product with no doubts,execellence perfomance only a single con is battery which is only 2000mhz, over all excellence perfomance.
Dear All, Dont buy XOLO products. Batteries are bad. They go off in 6-8 months and are not available in market. Dear FLIPKART pls dont put deals of XOLO. Pls inquire in market about their battery. You ll come to know.
I was initially hesitant in buying this. The initial plan for me to buys was MOTO G. But the performance really rocks. Battery is extremely good for a phone like this with all features. If you are one of the haters for Samsung's crappy design. then you would love this. SLIM-SLEEK. Sharp edges. BETTER FOR GAMING WITH 5 inch screen. Display is good. The best feature was the camera. Extremely good with its 8MP REAR CAMERA. **But dont expect to be equal with Iphone 5s** None of the mobile has the camera better as IPhone 5s. But for a 8MP cam along with ANDROID -XOLO q1100 is the best buy.. No plans for using this phone more than 6 months. Planning to give to my sister. My all time dream was iPhone, Already ordered iPhone 5S space grey. But am happy with this XOLO q1100 Satisfied.
Please google for xolo issues in consumer court there are hundreds of stories to let you know how pathetic their service is, from my bitter experience im telling this you will repent buying a xolo if you ever have to give it for service , their customer support and service is so low and pathetic that i have never faced anything worse than this. That being said the phone itself is good and you will enjoy your buy as long as nothing goes wrong with the mobile and you dont have to submit it for service , but eventually every xolo customer will have to submit it at some point of time maybe after 6 months or 8 months and then repent on buying this mobile
I got this mobile on 3/4/14 and it stopped working on 14/4/14. >Battery drains down even if you're not using it. >just 5-10 min of usage the temp goes up to 43 degree. >I'm thankful and happy with WS seller guys as they returned my money and with that money some extra I bought other moblie. conclusion: Bad experience with Xolo but good experience with WS.
I havent got this phone from Flipkart but I got it from a retailer for 13k. For people complaining about the camera....there was an update recently and the camera has definitely improved a bit. The camera is very good outdoors but it isnt good for indoor photography. Even the videos arent of good quality. The sound quality of music is average but it becomes great if you download "Cloudskipper music player" from the android market. You can change the equiliser settings and get good sound. Battery is quite good. It gives a backup of 1 day on 3G network with 2 sims enabled. It might give more backup if you use the phone on 2G network. The one thing that this phone is good at is GAMING and PERFORMANCE. It destroys every mid range phone. Even Moto G wasnt able to beat this phone in performance. The look of the phone is premium and it almost looks like Xperia L with its slanting bottom portion. The speaker quality isnt very great.
i have bought this mobile 1 month ago the features and the looks are very good and the battery life of 1 day with a 3G internet its very useful and its better than the samsung mobiles. one of the best features that it never hangs like other mobiles ..(samsung,micromax...). i thankful to the xoloQ1100.....
bad sound quality bad picture quality bad video recording bad performance really disappointed i purchased this phone from flip-cart at 29-April-2014 and it really bad performance and i have refund that phone and now buy canvas 4 .
So far so good the product is fine but I got a bad experience with accesories .the headset was not tested at all, it was problematic.so request to ensure tests at factory end as well as despatch end also.
Just Bought this product over Flipkart and let me first thank them that they delivered the product well within the date as promised and also the product which were promised to be delivered were present. So hats off to FLIPKART. Now coming back to product, it has all the features which one would find in products priced in the range of >15k. So in that manner the phone is really worth. The amazing part is the processing speed with snapdraggon processor and graphics supported by athlon its gives a perfect paltform to play games on. Th camera clarity is awesome with HD video recording. At the price of below 12K this is really a good deal...
Hi I am using this q1100 from past week or so, let me first tell u this indeed is a moto g killer, as it gives almost same specifications with option of expandable memory. Let me come to pros nd cons: Pros: 1. Good HD Display, Bright display even in sun light 2. Fast processor for multi tasking 3. Stock andriod experience. Cons: 1.battery on average lasts only 10-12 hrs on full charge so u will hv to charge twice a day 2. battery guru app is waste of time, no value addition 3. Call quality issues, i dont knw whether its on all xoloq1100 or on my product, have had word with flipkart, they hv sent a replacement, Over all if you can trust XOLO as a brand then go for it, coz at this price band you will not get all those features anywhere else. Enjoy the ultimate moto g killer.
Hi Friends, First of all thanks to Flip kart for the best service and customer support, Now about the Xolo Q1100 this is not at all a good phone i have ordered this phone and got the delivery on time. started using this phone lot of issues first the battery backup is worst you have to charge this phone thrice on a day if your use internet for 30 min games for 15 min and use mail intermittently the battery will goes down to 70% . I have complained to flipkart and got the replacement this time it was more worst now other problem started call drop some time kitkit noise while listening music finally i got the refund and purchase the other mobile . so friends my suggestion don't waste money in this phone.
It satisfied me in performance... Every thing is good except battary life... Nd body is so weak in material quality bt good in style... Nd there is no bill nd recipt in the box with phone...plz tell where is my phone's bill
I have purchased a brand new handset XOLO Q1100 not from flipkart. Within one monnth of purchase handset is not working properly (Hanging Problem). After restarting handset get hanged & further any operation is not performing on handset. I have submitted the handset to service center they have told me the problem is not resolving here we have to send the handset to Delhi but they have not send the handset till 3-4 days. They have also said that handset is getting repaired within 15 Days and till date the handset is not repaired. In private repairing shop they rectify the problem & resolve the issue in One day & todays scenario goods are transported within a day or two why service center person not send mobile on same day, Is XOLO Team lacks the necessary skill & communication to resolve the upcoming issues. I have to say that after sales service XOLO care is providing is Very poor. I will not recommend any person to purchase any XOLO product as after sales service XOLO care is providing is Very Poor.
Hi, I'm using this phone for last 20 days. Pros :- 1. IPS HD Display is too good (294 ppi pixel density) 2.Android OS, v4.3 (Jelly Bean),Qualcomm MSM8228 Snapdragon 400,Quad-core 1.4 GHz, Adreno 305. 3. Sleek Design (Xperia T2 looks similar ) Cons:- 1. Poor Call Quality, Voice Breaking & No noise cancellation. 2. Once you plug a headphone it will always create noise of recepting something. 3. Multiple icons created suddenly, once you unplug it from PC. 4. Very Poor batter backup. (Even if I've rooted this device, Battery Guru is a Shit. 5. Poor 3G reception.
Worst experience with non branded phone like Xolo in Market... Battery life sucks and thats the bad impact hich this phons has got.... and also it is lags every now and then....
This phone said to be a MotoG killer and it is. Sleek looks, superb camera, fast processor. The earphones do not meet standards. The company needs to think on improving the earphone quality. A good phone with in 14K.
I ordered phone on flipkart.com & it is nicely delivered before estimated delivery time. I like service of flipkart.com & phone both  All accessories are working fine, its brand new piece Regards, Pratap .
No Conference Call feature No FM Not handy to handle,handlewith care kind of DD, Delicate Darling Very basic features not taken care.
Hi guys! I bought this phone a week ago, it works really well but after i encrypted my phone my sim is disabled . now any sim i incert it says that "sim is disabled " . Now can anyone please help me to get out of this problem other than this problem this phone is worth 13k and is better than any other phone under 20k
I have bought the XOLO Q1100 through Flipkart a week ago and the performance is really very good as far as gaming is concerned. But having said that, one of the main features in a phone should be call clarity and everyone who has spoken to me over the phone has repeatedly complained of the call disturbance issue. This is very embarassing as I have boasted a lot about XOLO Q1100's excellent features when compared to MOTO G and everyone is taking a dig at me now for this call clarity issue. The common complaint is that they can hear some sort of echo in my voice and that it feels to them as if I am talking from inside a deep well. To add to the misery, yesterday when I paired my wireless Bluetooth Headphone (not headset, but headphone) and connected it with the phone to listen to some of my favourite songs while doing my usual work, none of the songs played well. There were constant disturbances and every song that I played kept breaking every 2 seconds. I will hear it play well for 2 seconds and bam, there will be a sudden pause and again 2 seconds played well and sudden pause. It was so annoying because when I paired the same headphone (by the way, I am using Nokia BH-503) with my friends' phones (both old Nokia model and the latest other branded smartphones), the songs played very well. I even tried sending the songs from my phone to their phones and listened to them and the songs played smoothly without any disturbance in their phones through the Bluetooth Headphone. So, clearly the problem is not with the Bluetooth Headphone but with the software or the Bluetooth profile it seems. We all mostly use our smartphones for 4 major things: 1. Make/Answer calls 2. Listen to songs (through wired earphones or wireless headphones) 3. Use it to take pictures/videos 4. Play games and use apps While I am able to use options 3 and 4 without any trouble, the most important options (1 & 2) are a BIG pain in the back. I have raised this issue with XOLO Care team and they are yet to resolve this issue. Hopefully, they will send an OTA (On-The-Air) update soon and both the call clarity issue and the Bluetooth inter-device connectivity issue will be resolved. Fingers crossed!!!
Its amazing....... Power full. So smooth. I can't see any product like this before. I really like this very much.
good phone with 5 inc screen. Looking too good any other mobile filpkart experience its also good before 3day they deliver my mobile. what about wrong? ans is my bad luck i bye this mobile 14700 now its price is .....you know this.
Hi, I have purchased this phone from flipcart. It is awesome. Hardware & Body of this phone is very good. Thumps Up xolo.
The phone has been appreciated by my wife, for whom had bought it and my jobs done. Its been really tiresome to do extensive research to buy a good smart phone which is latest in technology, good brand value & cost effective as well. The operations are smooth and the UI is also quite easy to adapt to. Battery life seems to be good even though wife does not have to make too many phone calls during the day, but my son loves to play his favorite games, which runs smooth and flawlessly, when ever he gets a chance to lay his hand on the phone. To sum it up, would say its a value for money phone and should last till its last penny.
EXCELLENT PHONE @THIS PRICE WITH ADVANCE SPECS. RUNS LIKE BUTTER .GOOD HD VIDEO RECORDING,I HAVE USED THIS PHONE LAST 11 DAYS ,ITS BEAUTIFUL N EASY TO USE..
q1100 in box accessories info is missing . i think it should be given. but still the phone is descent in bench-markings.
I buyed XOLO Q1100 and the phone is simply awesome...........and Blogging Fast! no lags no hangs nothing... Camera is AWESOME.....all games runs smoothly like asphalt 8,frontline soldier 2 every game including fifa 14,,,,awesome sound quality.display is awesome.If u are Looking for a budget phone under 16k, BUY IT...trust me u will get the fullest result
best phone under 15k and better than moto g xolo Q1100 camera 8mp external sd slot display 5ich proc-1.4ghz snapdragon moto g camera 5mp no external sd slot display 4.5ich proc-1.2ghz snapdragon
I recently bought this phone and what a decision it was. Awesome phone....hardware is good...screen is awesome...best buy for money under 15K...
