MOBDBFCM5D2NGSZP
Well, i encountered many CONS than Pros*,, bt i ll still go by the manner Pros*- large screen,nice touch,decent battery back up, ICS out of the box,Good call quality Cons*- gamers will be disappointed, as it lags on the very primitive 'Temple Run', and other HIGH END games ,, Multi tasking is not that smooth,, There is a flickering issue did the Flashlight while video recording.. No zoom in of any sort. The viewing in daylight in not that good,at maximum brightness!!! The hardware buttons look a bit Cheap,loosely bonded.. the handset is nt scratch resistant at all.. I ll suggest u guys to Go for HTC ONE V
Not Good for Gamers, photo and Loud music lovers. good for call, book reading and brows. Camera:- utter waist will not focus fast (auto focus) cannot take near images, get blurred,should be absolutely still. not sure you will get a clear image in a single shot so not recommended for functions.flash will make you blind. speakers:- make lot of vibration (no need to put in vibration sound will make the phone vibrate)in full volume. No FM, No sound recording. response:-RAM and phone memory is not enough, lags in multi tasking, gaming. sensors are not that quick to respond. Body:- don't buy black-decorated with fingerprints. slippery, looks good but doesn't feel strong. Screen:-large clear good for movie (use head phone) and reading.4 switches under it are not good sure it will get repaired in 1 year. not visible in sunlight. Wifi:- good fast browsing no hanging. Battery:- good back up 48hrs on call only.14hrs wifi brows. charging mini usb will get damaged in long run due to its position and difficulty to connect.
I have used several phones an out of all of them I would rate this one as the worst phone that you can ever go for. The processor is so pathetic that if u run more than one app, it will just go dead. It is very slow and unresponsive most of the times. It automatically shuts down for no good reason. I got it repaired once via sony service center as my phone wasn't starting up at all.
To start with fantaastic services by flipkart. Got the phone delivered within 2 days.. Now the phone.. its ok.. the main problem is, it slags.. The button which would need repairing within a month or two, started giving me problem within the 4th day of my use. The glossy finish looks great but it easily slips away from your hand not a great phone for rough-tough use.. Buy this phone at your own risk.
> The neo L looks very similar to the Neo and Neo V in terms of design. But this time round, the device has a 4-inch display that also makes it heavier at 131.5gms. The phone is bulky in its build but is solid. > Beneath the skin, the Xperia neo L features a 1500mAh battery. > Overall, the neo L does have an attractive design but certain improvements would have been welcome. Display:- > The Xperia neo L comes with a 4-inch LED-backlit capacitive touch display. Images look crisp at 480x854 pixels. The viewing angles are good. Camera:- > The Xperia neo L comes with a 5MP rear camera. Outdoor shots are decent. Images appear sharp with good colour and contrast and are an improvement over the Neo V. There are some flaws. There is no option to zoom and the auto focus just doesn't work. So if you're trying to take wide shots, it seems like an impossible task. The absence of a touch-to-focus is also felt. > 720p video recording is possible at 30fps and videos recorded are saved as MP4 files by default. Users can also choose to shoot in SD mode. The video recorder features continuous auto-focus, though it may take some seconds to refocus while re-framing. > There's a 0.3 megapixel front camera for video calling. Performance/ Battery Life:- The smartphone is a decent performer for the kind of specs it offers. The battery life of the device is pretty good lasting an entire day on an average use. Verdict:- After i purchase the sony neo L, we'd say that the smartphone is a decent performer. The phone is not all just about beauty, but brains as well. It is fast, smooth, ships with ICS on board and has a battery life that surely won't disappoint.
I have purchased this phone in last Dec-12 , Since then with in the 3 month , side button for Switched off has been disassembled form the cover and I was more surprised when Service center said back cover came into the accessorice , and it is not covered into warranty.I will ask to Sony that how can back body Cover is accessorice ... Some how i was managing , But in May-13 , I was shocked when I saw that My body sweat was entered into the Mobile and I can see kind of oil flow Marked on Screen , Phone speaker having treble sound , and Now phone is in Safe Mode ,,, And Service centers are trained for not to accept any End user compliant ,,, And Cost to fix every thing is equal to a new mobile . My suggestion ---Donot buy any Sony Mobile ,,,May be their are good , but product is not design as per Indian condition
fed up with your sony xperia neo l. the worst mob and hell with ur service. of the 6months after i purchased 4 months it is with ur bloody service centre. u cannot access internet facility throgh this phone and evn the customer service people cant rectify the issue. they are least bothered about the concerns of a customer... worst mobile i ever had.. feeling like the foolish decision i have ever made...
Sold my iPhone 3GS to buy it. But in points: 1. It is a worst phone, 2. Hangs a lot, 3. No game can be played, 4. Camera gets blurred after a few days of usage, 5. Have to reinstall firmware twice a month, 6. Have worst in class battery backup 7. After Sales service is the worst I have experienced, worse then Micromax. 8. Internal memory is so huge that after installing, facebook, twitter, updating Gmail, maps, u cannot install any other app, any app can't be downloaded to the SD card too as it will show insufficient memory error. 9. So low volume in earphone and very mild vibration. Best thing - it can play HDvideos and has a adobe flash player 10, which cannot be upgraded. Pls do not consider this. If u love ur money.
Writing this review after using it for 10 months. Has 512 MB RAM but feels like 128 MB. Lagging every time. Only 1 GB of internal storage (380 MB user available). Shitty camera, no ZOOM. Games like even Temple Run 1 and Subway Surfers would lag and force close. Apps would take ages to open. Poor quality earphones. Can't understand why does this phone even exist!! Big piece of CRAP. Go for Xperia L instead. Again, no ZOOM available.
First of all I want to say Fantastic and nice in look, handy phone (size not too big like canvas2 not to small xperia tipo) can be operated by one hand. When you unpack it you will fall in love with this phone. Best in look, inbuilt hardware functionality Good in business features, apps Poor in Gaming, slightly in performance(not too good not too bad) ***Gamer people don't think to buy this phone. Camera : Very good camera quality, recording quality also fantastic. but camera options are very less. Video recording is mind blowing (HD 720p), Also sound recording in video is too good. You cant pause while recording. WiFi, Internet, GPS, Bluetooth, hot spot: works very good, pretty performance for video calling with front cam FM radio : no in built in FM radio, If you love to listen local radio stations then this phone is not for you. Inbuilt memory : very low, it will harass you when you try to install more apps or it will make your phone performance slow. Screen clarity and quality : awesome, 4 inch screen is very good, Very good phone in this budget. I dont know how people can rate with 1star. This phone is not too worse to give 1star. phone is really good as compared to other brands. *** I have brought this phone before 10 days. Missing FM but satisfied with phone. My Remark: Good for business people (rich look smartphone) and music lovers (nice sound quality, HD screen)
I own Neo L n LWW both by SOny.. So I am making a comparision with LWW + NEo L Bigger Screen Bigger battery Out of Box ICS(Mostly we will get JB update) Smoother UI - Neo L Same Spec as LWW(14K phone) Same GPU,CPU,RAM.. No Loundness(LWW has two speakers) Less ROMS at Xda as its fresh in market(If you like rooting n doing stuff U will have to wait No ROM or Kernels Avail now **Very Techy Not for normal Users) HeadPhone that Comes with it is not Good...
I have been using this phone from the past one month...the only thing i dislike about the phone is that it doesn't have digital zoom for the camera but that can be overcome by download "Zoom Camera" from Google Play... overall this phone phone rocks...the camera is good..the sound is also good..the battery backup is just phenomenal..it's better than most Android phones of this cost... Final Verdict: Go for it guyzz..i am sure this phone won't disappoint u at all :D :) Kudos to Sony for this amazing phone
I'm going to compare Neo L with Samsung Gallaxy S Duos s7562, Xperia Miro, Xperia J. Gallaxy Has Duel Sim. I dont think it is a good idea to use a android phone with a dual sim system because it increases the rate of uses power. Neo L has 1Ghz Quall Scorpion CPU which is far way faster than that of galaxy s , miro & j. Neo L uses adreno 205 as Graphics card, which is much better. Neo L has 854*480 pixel with " 245 ppi " which gives us a great experience in browsing & picture viewing. Neo L can record video in HD (720p). The battery is really good in that big screen in Neo L. But Neo L cannot zoom when using camera, & it does not comes with Radio option. Who wants to listen radio in a andriod set? & I guess everybody can Crop the images, so the two minor problems is eliminated. Overall , Neo L is Best to buy. So, Go Grab it Tigers.
dont ever by this mobile or any sony xperia mobile... i am having display problem on this neo l mobile in 2month of using its not turning on at all .. i serched in net about this problem... all haveing same problem in sony xperia mobile dont go for sony at all.. bad android mobile
I bought this device for quality from Sony, but touch screen response became sluggish after a month, app crashes several times, Memory expandable up to 32GB but response slows down if use beyond 8 GB. I have to go to service center twice i.e. for phone shutdown due to defect in charging module and Hanging problem. Power button malfunction starts after 5 months, when I went to Sony Service Center, they told me that warranty void if problem with external Hardware. I never Expect these issues from Sony!!!!! Very Bad experience with Sony!!! Now I have to switch to another Phone...
>> Touch Problem >> Cost to fix everything is equal to a new mobile. (Charger - Rs.1300 , USB cable - Rs.650 , touch panel - Rs.4500) >> Service centers are trained for not to accept any End user compliant. I have purchased this phone in last August-12 , After the 6 months touch panel not working properly , since it is not covered into warranty i need to pay 4500. and Now phone is in some how working ,,, My suggestion ---Do not buy any Sony Mobile ,,,May be their are good , but product is not good as sony ericsson
worst phone i have ever owned.. basic models don't get hanged as much as this phone.. very bad internal memory.. can't download or upgrade applications while playing song, it makes some weird disturbing noise the apps get hanged in the middle ... can't play any of the games i think u rather own a basic phone where u can only text or msg.. which will be equivalent to this phone within 6 months the phone got screwed and it took the service center people 2 weeks to service it..
When you are using Android and you have such a low internal memory (usable 380Mb), you can't do much. Biggest problem that I faced is installing/updating apps which can't be moved to the SD card - like Facebook (pre-installed), Google Maps, Adobe Reader, any Antivirus, Whatsapp, Youtube, etc. It also comes with some apps like some games, etc. which cannot be uninstalled and also takes up space. (Even though you click on uninstall and click ok and it vanishes from everywhere, after some hours/restart it again comes back.) All of this slows down the mobile tremendously after 1 month. Even opening the dialer takes more than 5 seconds. PS: I have been using this mobile for the past 6 months.
This is a satisfactory fone for this range. HD video recording & picture quality is first attraction for this. Look is different from other sony fone. Sound & display quality is very good. I think which is use this surely satisfied.
I brought this phone few days back. I really want to tell you this is a fantastic phone. I really feel proud owning this phone. I am not a very techie person or not into too many high end applications. But I feel this phone has it all. This is my first smart phone...
Delivery - 5/5 Product - 4.5/5 Features - 4.5/5 Handling - 4.5/5 Camera - 2/5 Battery- 3/5 Gaming - 4/5 Music - 5/5 Videos - 5/5 Notes - I got this only to wait for Xperia T to be released in India. I now am considering on waiting for next generation may be a year more. Only reason being this mobile fits in perfectly - saved whole lot of money & gave me just about every feature that's required.
wow !!! u cant get any better phone for 18k - 4 inch screen and Android 4 (ice-cream sandwich is superb) speak d loudest for this phone Pros 1.Android 4 2.4 inch screen 3.expandable memory 4.better battery life 5.HD recording Cons one and only one disadvantage is its rear camera , though 5mp , its camera quality sucks , plus there is no zoom if u r ready to compromise for camera then just go for it without thinking a second , its d best what u r getting at this price
Brought the phone from local dealer found Camera and LED issue, took back to him got a new box. When opened the box and checked in front of Dealer representative even that piece had same Camera problem. He just packed the box within 5 mins of opening it. This is bad bad bad.
Touch provided in xperia neo l is of quite a good quality, sound and picture clarity is also up to the mark , first time i have purchsed the handset of sony , till now i was using nokia handsets ,i m quite satisfied with the features of this phone ,radio is not there in the handset and if you find that as a good reason for not buying this phone then it is totally up to you rest the phone is above averege and handy.
Guys this phone is awesome..I should say I got it for 13000 from the local market without warranty. this my first android phone..and i should say It impressed me very well..awesome 1)Great display 854x480 with 245ppi is amazing.... 2)Camera quality isn't bad as people say its awesome,tried some MACRO SHOTS oh i must say its fantastic. i put those as wallpapers and my friends wasn't able to tell that it was a captured image. 3)audio quality is good considering device but the headset is just OK only,its not in the ear jack,simple stereo. 4)Gaming performance is good,but not for hard gaming. 5)Browsing and reading texts and books feels great because of the display. 6)Video quality is SUPERB! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR THOSE LOOKING FOR A STYLISH LOOKING SMARTPHONE WITH ALL THE NECESSARY FEATURES EXCEPT FM,WHICH IS NOT MUCH NECESSARY FOR ME. HARD GAME LOVERS SHOULD LOOK FOR SOMETHING ELSE LIKE XPERIA U.BUT THIS BABY WON'T DISAPPOINT AT ALL.
Just wait for Sony Xperia J Exactly same specs.. +Better Battery +Built-in FM +Lighter in weight +Notification Light +Thinner +4 GB internal storage as compared to 1GB of Neo L +Will save atleast your 2k bucks
I've been using this phone for the past 4-5 months, and I regret buying it. Low internal memory, no radio, camera has absolutely NO zoom whatsoever, even the most basic games hang even after deleting all other deletable apps.. The display and battery life are good, although I should mention the screen is absolutely invisible in the sunlight even if the display settings for brightness are on full. Relatively easy to use for first time Android users.. The internal memory is too low and having a large memory card doesn't help much - Unless you can figure out or get the internal memory expanded (by dividing your SD card, rooting your phone etc..) There are too many built-in app's you cannot delete which occupy even more unnecessary space.. Simple games like Temple Run do not work properly - the game hangs every single time you attempt playing, even if you delete ALL your other apps (not including the built-in apps) The primary camera is rubbish - NO ZOOM ! AT ALL ! No FM Radio, mediocre music player/speakers.. The phone frequently hangs at inconvenient times - like while trying to answer a call ! Phone's for a much less price have 100's more and better features than this. Its a waste of money.
Don't buy it... it has an outdated 1ghz single core processor... many phones with much better specs are available at lower prices... Only difference with neo v is it comes with ICS out of the box
I brought this phone .I saw the features more than i expected .I most satisfied for getting it.But the only drawback is cameras are not much clear.This phone supports HD blu ray 720p . I play all playstation certified games in it..I have the world of hd in it.... My rating for it is *****
Awesome features and looks,just the thing that i did not expect a sony camera without zoom and the settings are also not that user friendly.The OS is impressive,fast enough but gamers have to be dissapointed a bit. Earphones,clear enough, not for bass. The Battery seems to be exhausted pretty soon despite being 1500 mAh, maybe some problem with apps. Overall a far better buy than Samsung or any other phones in this Range. And Believe me, SONY is SONY, no one can beat it in graphics or digital aspect.
hi everyone, It's been like 1 month now I am using this phone and I must say Sony has once again proved it has goat different meaning to the word beauty and creation. I like the inbuilt Xperia keyboard which makes me very easy to type in this 4 inch display. 512 Mb with 1 GHz is more than enough for an avg user ( game; 24 hrs online; music; call). compared to other smart phones by other smart companies, trust me guys the batter really last long.(1450 MHz). Touch is sensitive and lags little provided u have 7 to 9 apps open. Timescape view is nice... FB, tweeter,skype integrated. Camera average lacks zoom. It's true the phone has got affinity to oily palms but u can find a rubber shock resistant case in outside market. That's all from my end.... Rajiv.
Its not an impeccable one!!! Its disappointing to know that Sony has just changed the body and screen size and also the old processor i.e 1ghz scropian which lacks in that stipulated lead as compare to dual core processors or Qualcomm MSM8960 Snapdragon which can be seen in Xperia U,P,GO... Will Just wait for Xperia SX SO-05D having Dual-core 1.5 GHz Krait..
I Want to describe this mobile in 3 words 1) Beautiful Look 2) Enough Capabilities 3) Buy It !!! I agree in this budget other good option are available,but assure you No mobile in this range compare with bountifulness of Sony Xperia Neo L Specially in White color awesome is the word to describe. I believe first impression is last and guarantee you this mobile is eye catching in White.
if u love gaming, please dont buy this mobile.. it wont even support temple run... if you love to roam around the sony service centers then u can go for the mobile.. the processing is also slow.. better go for some other mobile...
as per review on this product, i checked the Sony india website, it was not mentioned the radio feature for this product.overall phone is awesome. again its good phone from house of sony in XPERIA range, worth to buy it, but u missed ur daily RJ's show & music.
worst phone ever...Never go for it..It often hangs and most application dont work smoothly.. I bought it at 16.5 k and all my money went in vain
One thing I would like to say about this phone is 'A good phone camera' but apart from this, it is just a piece of crap. 1. Very sluggish phone. You will face difficulties in multitasking. 2. You can’t install more than one or two heavy apps along with existing or small apps. 3. Don’t even think about playing games like Temple Run, Candy Crush and other high end games. 4. Battery backup is good initially but as the time passes battery backup starts deteriorating but that’s one thing we can ignore as it is a universal problem for all android phones. 5. Memory cards starts un-mounting on its own and gallery took so long to open. 6. Cheap in looks. 7. A large piece of inbuilt useless apps. 8. Average speaker’s quality. 9. But for sure you will get fed up from this phone very soon if you buy it or own it. 10. But one good thing I must have to say about this phone is a Good Camera. One star, just for Good Camera. Nothing else.
The phone only attracts you in looks, rest is awful. I bought this phone in Aug 2012, The problems got started even after 2 months of usage. Every time phone shows "Low internal memory". Not good for gaming it lags even low end game as well. Battery is very poor, you have to charge every now and then. Camera is useless. No zoom feature, even images are blurred. Performance of the phone is a disaster. Now it starts rebooting automatically. Sony have to give me some award for this shit phone using from 2 years ( Please suggest some alternatives to get rid of this phone, as I comes to reach my patience level upmost).
PLEASE dont purchase this phone. i bought this phone 8 mnths back and it has already sat in sony service centres 5 times.the phone had board complaint,display complaint and software complaints at different periods and was given for replacement under the warrenty period.the service provided by sony centre is POOR..im still waiting for the phone with my job sheet.
using it still. good mob for the one who want a goooooooooood battery.. and also the camera etc.......... is good
I bought this phone via flipkart one year ago and i have touch screen problem in this phone. multitasking is also poor.My phone worked well for 6months and after that the unlock slide was not working properly and we cant attend the calls too.After a month the corner of the screen was also not working. so it is better to avoid this phone.
Pros- only screen external memory nthng else cons-worst performance frequent lags phone gets to heated during usage. cheap build up lacks customer support lacks service parts and my phone started to hang after a year of use.Altough the service person reapired it the problem keeps coming back the WORST phone i had in my life.BEST nt to go fr it while you hav many choise and the best part is last month my phone went dead the service center said tht ths model was a failure nd it s great tht it lasted for a year :(
I Have purchased this phone on august 2012 was eagerly waiting to buy this but after i purchased this after a weak i was completely disheartened to own this shit always a notification comes (Low storage memory ) even i face lots of problem while updating whatsapp also i have to clean all my memory and den update it. I think this is the worst phone from SONY
not good for photos, music, gaming , i have been using this phone since 6 months, many times when i download anything it says low internal memory even though i have a 6 GB space in a 8 GB memory card each and every time i need to do the software update,
This stupid phone goes low on battery every now n then.. sucha stupid battery back up.. adding to it is its amazing internal memory courtesy which you cant even install anythning properly.. n the phone camera... goes hazy... blurr.... basically dat sucks too.. so theres no good reason neither a bad one for which someone should buy the phone.. i would rate it hardly 1/10.
this is really a bad cell phone to buy .................its super slow, gallery misfunctions , hav extremely low memory space.......i dont know why is sony still selling this product ...................buying this set is a total waste of money.............specially for them who love gaming..........
really good one.it has nice features and very good price range.great phone in all means .Only problem existing is same as all other smart phone battery capacity.
Simply a smart phone, quality is not good. Those who use phone only for calls can use this. But for those who use the smart phone features , it won't serves you. Touch pad quality is bad.
looks excellent... performance satisfactory.. but features(apps) not very good! Camera is ok(no zoom).. i would recommend another phone if u want a more powerful processor and better features!
I owned this phone 2 month back, this phone hags alot, when play any basic games like temple run etc. i am rating this phone, keeping in mind, not to play any games ;3/5 for gaming this phone is just a waste of money.rating 0/5 even if you install more app it get hangs, it is really a slow device. there are lot of other devices available in the market you can look for. Regards Nagender
I am using this mobile since last one year and i use only ICICI , VIBER , BOOKMYSHOW apps and this mobile phone still hangs. UseLess mobile. Even if you try to install 2-3 m ore apps it says no space left . Because Memory card is not where your apps can be installed. Its Mobile internal memory . A Use Less Mobile.
it is good mobile phon..bur internel memory is very low.but the picture quality and graphics are very good as compare to samsung phones in this range price.and one of the good thing in this mobile is its looking good as compare to samsung.ans sound qualility also good.
The looks and large display are very nice..Sound quality and display are good.. camera need some more felicities(touch focus etc.) but The over all performance is low. also multitasking capacity is too bad.
to start with good features 1.sound is better dan some other xperia phones in dis range 2.look is good but Camera isnt that satisfactory as u would have wanted.it has not got proper focusing mode nd all..overall u will be dissappointed wid d cam secondly,u can get dual core processor of sony in same range...hence for game users dis phone might not be dat good option.... plus d internal memory is only 500 mb whch is another drawback nd u ve to depend on SD card for installing heavy apps
a very rubbish type of phone can't run basic games swiftly too doesnt works gud in a basic mode also in which no other extra apps are installed the camera is also not upto the mark some cheaper phones of sony nd samsung are having far more superioir camera than it.
its not good phone because i m getting to much of slow of this process and games are not playing good it means hanging and battery pack up also not good and headphones also not good........................................................................
This phone is definitely value for money. I have been using this for the last 8 months now and am pretty happy having it. A 4" screen to read, Android ICS is definitely not bad either. Have not got an update to android though.
this phone looking very nice, handy and stylish but ram not enough to use this phone game section poor download poor vedio good pics good but in night not good internet good wi-fi good
Very Bad Phone. Dabba Phone Whenever i want to forward a message to any of my friends the contancts screen hangsout. I need to press "back: button so many times to return back to the screen. It does not provide many basic features that a phone should supposed to have like "Assign Ring tone" , there is no "inbuilt App for Note Making", I have to download EverNote expelicitly from android market. Is Sony providing market to Android Market Community by not providing certain basic features that any dummy phone these days has. Very bad Strategy....Very bad Phone....one can think it is a problem if it is a problem with hardware,but now the problem with Software as well...i feel like throwing this phone in gutter.
this is very good mobile phone ,its screen is very large and video quality is good in camera and the quality of the phone and speed is also good in 3G. this is one of the best phone i have used till now.
I bought this phone two months back. I'm not happy with this phone. Its laggy, slow. RAM and phone memory is not sufficient at all. You can install 3 to 4 extra apps. Not more than that. After a Skype video call, the phone just acts like its drunk and freezes. You have to switch off and switch it on. I had to un-install Skype. I'ma﻿ Sony fan. Sony makes brilliant phones. But this one is a fail. Its not even getting JB update. I'm still searching whats good in this phone. I'm selling this phone.
I Have been using NEO L for almost three months. What i feel is my mobile process and some of the application is too slow due to 512 Mb Ram 1 Ghz qualcom processor. Searching the contacts takes long time to load.. FM Is not available but we can use internet radio. Video quality is very good but audio quality is Poor and also the head set given with the mobile is very very worst. Mobile is very slim and its having rich look but there is disadvantage that 4 Buttons given below the screen its difficult to use the button.
Using for a week now.... Pros.. amazing look and feel, looks really great in hand, black is what I have bought. Battery backup is good, voice quality is amazing, Cons. Almost every application starts with a lag, ram shown is only 322mb don't know where is the rest of it..Sony claims 512 mb, may be it is a problem with my phone. Net net it's a good buy if you are a moderate mobile user, for heavy users with applications and gaming knack, please select some other Sony model not this..
Not a smart buy, considering the price, in comparison with other handsets of similar or more features. Sony could have incorporated much more for this price. Not recommending on this price....................
its a best budget phone available out there comparing to samsung junk products, Looks wise its the best smartphone,and a chick magnet...glossy finish is attractive. Got it for 14 k on ebay...at these price its hard to find any good phone with all these features. Cons:screen,looks,ics,best battery back up 1500 mah pros:Sometimes laggy(got apps to make it smooth as silk) Go for it...worth the product from sony...
First of all, its Sony. We all know what kind of products Sony has delivered in the past. Sony is always known for its quality. Pros: - Crystal clear display (better than Samsung phones) - Touch screen is super sensitive (loved it) - Interface is awesome. Easy to use. Cons : - Speaker is not so good. - Sound output of music lacks bass. - Cannot change tracks with the headset.
Pros: Android 4 ICS. Double cam. 4inch screen. Good touch experience. Amazing sound & brilliant display. Cons: Low Internal Memory. Low Ram speed. Cannot use it for high end apps. It lags a bit. But good one for basic & Mandatory apps, chats, mails, funny/entertainment apps and less resolution games. Battery sucks just like other Androids. Go for it if u r a samusng hater & want to own a Android 4 ICS in sony in a reasonable price.
Many games that require additional data to run don't work. They download the data and store it on the SD card, but the device deletes it. That's a BIG problem. I think I made a mistake purchasing this phone :/
Pros -4" Big Screen with gr8 display (Bravia Engine) -Secondary Camera for video chats -Android 4 ICS Cons -Bit Laggy Everythis else is awesm.. if you are looking for this combination then a gr8 buy
I don't see much difference in Neo V & Neo L as all the other specs are the same. So its just for the ICS & 0.3 inch of screen you need to shell out those extra bucks. Though i haven't done a detailed research on the same.
