MOBDN48ZTHJHHXBZ
I bought this mobile a week ago. My experience is as below. Pros: Excellent speed and performance as it has 1GB RAM and a good processor. It can handle so many processes with ease. Navigation is easy as it has huge display. Internal memory of 4 GB helps a heaps. Can install as many apps you want to have in your device. Cons: The touch sensitivity is really poor. Especially the back button, you might even get frustrated to use the back button, it responds after 5 or 6 tappings once the back ground light is turned off. Lenovo has to work a lot with the touch sensitivity. The case and the scratch card are hard to find in market. The scratch card makes the touch sensitivity to even worse. The background LED light for the menu and back keys looks too bright and silly. Battery dies in few hours if you keep using it for music and internet. But can stay for a day with minimal usage. Camera is not so great even though it has 5 MP. Overall 6 out off 10 points for this phone but it deserves an 8 or 9 had the touch sensitivity has been made better. Hope lenovo makes necessary steps to fix these bugs.
The phone is very nice and handy consisting of all the quality of a good phone. Just some tyms the touch creates a problem.. Whereas, everthing is up to the mark..
LENOVO A706 IS REALLY A GOOD PHONE AS PER BUDGET OF 9000 RANGE - GOOD CAMERA, SYSTEMS & ETC. ALLOVER I WILL SAY VALUE FOR MONEY.
Dont go on any ones review if ur budget is 10 K and u want a quad core processor phone this is the best option. i have done a 1-2 month R&D and aftr dat i bought this and this preety amazing :) :) use a ultra high class card for this wch is very much needed this days for ne smartphones :) :) trust me u will never regret it buying dont go for micromax or xolo, atleast u can trust on this brand LENOVO
This is one of the best phones available. It's been more than a week in usage, not seen any issues. Pros: - Great spec - Look & finish - Display - Performance and - Attractive price Cons: - Not so great camera (its expected in 5MP) It really worth's the money spent. Quite happy with performance :-)
one of the best phone i had ever seen in this price.........even micromax can not launch this kind of a features in this unbelievable price....... trust me......its a very good choice instead samsung or micromax or other....
If you are looking for a phone based on its configuration not brand then this would be the best choice,
I was looking for a "value for money" product and landed this! It has good speed, user friendly, light weight, and needless to say pretty economical! Worth buying!
Purchased this piece of gem some days back.To begin with screen quality is very nice.Since it has quad code so doesn't lag's at all.Camera works bright in daylight but needs to be improved for low light scenarios.Some of the proprietary apps like Lenovo power app is awesome.Sound quality is very good too and Dolby effect is distinctly noticeable. I am very satisfied with it's performance. Over all a 5 on 5 considering it's modest price and Lenovo's brand and quality.
Purchased the phone on ebay (was cheaper than flipkart( and have been using it for almost 2 weeks now. Pros: 1. Sub 10K price 2. Decent RAM (shows 760 MB though the specs say 1 GB, but then again other phones offiering 1 GB RAM are pricier. Also, from my experience760 MB is sufficient for daily use and upto 10 applications simultaneously) 3. Processing speed is decent 4. 4.5 inch screen size 5. Decent audio quality Cons: 1. Bad camera (fine with me as i hardly use my phone to take pictures) 2. Gets warm (but NOT hot) when on charging and when playing games for 30 minutes or more. (The user manual says that the phone can get heat up. Also, some of my friends using Nexus 4 and Nokia 920 say that their phones get equally warm at times) 3. Availability of phone cover is a big issue. I am currently use Micromax A88's screen gaurd & cover. Other information Have not tried 3G yet. But 2G (i.e. GPRS is working fine) I am satisfied with the performance and overall handling for the price I have paid (around 9.5K). Buyers must realize that they can't expect a performance like that of more expensive models and brands.
I am not satisfied with this mobile, but in view of price, the level of this mobile is satisfied. The camera is not clear and video clipping, there is no option for zoom. In multitasking and gaming the mobile is hanging frequently and heating.
it is the best budget phone in its segment as compared to micromax xolo lava etc ... and with the brand name as well.. love dis phone .. n flipkart has best service in terms of shipment and customer care response.. best phone go 4 it ..
I have purchased Lenovo A706 and using it for 2 weeks now.I wouldn't recommend it.Touch screen is really bad and I have to tap twice or thrice on a icon.Phone heats quickly within no time. Not worth the money you spend. Bad choice of phone.
I purchased this phone on 16th Nov and in the first week December, the screen first started getting blurred and within minutes there was no display on screen. I took the phone to service store and a day later I was told that the motherboard has malfunctioned. I asked for replacement but I was told that replacement is done in the first week of purchase only and after that its only repair. As of now I'm waiting for the spare part to be delivered at service center to that they can repair the phone. Honestly I'll like to dispose it off as soon as possible. Never expected such a cheap quality from a brand like lenovo.
I had bought this phone 5 months back and it has been really a painful experience. the basic feature of the phone - Mike is not working. We went to Lenovo customer care in sec 14 gurgaon and they kept our phone for 5 days to change the mike!!! Can you beat that - 5 days to replace mike.... Then after 20 days again same problem came.. We again went there then they said they need to replace some other part which they dont have... So we are waiting for that part for past 10 days and are not able to use the phone.... Moreover they dont repair the phone on same day making it much worse for us.. My suggestion dont buy Lenovo phone..
I am using this phone (bought from market), i have never seen such worst phone 1. Customer service center tied up with HCL - worst & hopeless 2. No reply from lenovo service center (Mr.Rakesh Mooto), passed month's together- worst & hopeless 3. Instead 1GB RAM it has only 756 MB RAM - worst & cheated 4. Camera and video - worst & hopeless 5. User interface - worst & hopeless 6. True China Made - worst 7. Brand Value in mobile segment - Worst 8. Value for money - ????? never Therefore, never buy this company's phone or if you have sell it right know.. 6.
Guys... seems to be cheaper phone for its specs, but its not worth buying. 1. It has android 4.1 but it built on old kernel 2.x version. 2. Camera is not that good. 3. Whenever there is no signal for sim, it keeps on auto restarts and irritate you. 4. interface is not that good. 5. It hangs a lot for simple operations. (I faced issue so many time even while adding a new contact). 6. battery wont last not more than 12 hours, if you are a medium level user. And if you are a gaming geek then battery lasts hardly an hour.
I've started using smartphone from 2010 with Samsung galaxy, then HTC wildfire, Micromax, and Samsung Duos Core. I've bought this one for my wife but now using myself. Pros: Battery backup is very good. Fast internet, no problem with Skype video calling, good camera Cons: 1) I felt software is a bit buggy, getting frustrated with contact list as I'm adding same contact again & again but still the name is not appearing when that person is calling. 2) Touch screen is not that smooth as my HTC or Samsung used earlier. 3) Processing a bit slow, doesn't feel like a real quad core 4) Feels like cheap plastic, lack of build quality. Overall - Better than my earlier Micromax or Samsung, but way behind HTC which was more fast and tough and smooth.. Thanks
I BOUGHT LENOVO FROM FLIP KART AND IT WAS DELIVERED ON 6TH OF FEB. AS PER TENTATIVE DATE GIVEN BY FLIP KART. PHONE WAS SATISFACTORY IN EVERY ASPECTS LIKE DISPLAY:- SIZE AND RESOLUTION :- GOOD CAMERA:- GOOD LOOK:- GOOD BUT WITH IN ONE DAY PROBLEM OBSERVED WITH TOUCH SCREEN FUNCTIONS. PHONE GOES TO HOLD MODE AUTOMATICALLY DURING CALLING, MENU ICONS ARE AUTOMATICALLY OPENED WITH OUT OPERATING THEM AND SOME TIMES APPS OPERATED IRRESPECTIVE OF THE COMMAND GIVEN. I UPDATED THE PHONE SOFTWARE AT LENOVO CENTER BUT PROBLEM DID NOT SOLVE SO FINALLY RETURNED PHONE TO FLIP KART.
I have purchased Lava iris q458 5 months back from Flipkart, this phone is really good, overall performance is good only problem it contains 512 RAM. I was planning to buy a mobile with 1GB RAM. After seeing Lenovo P780, I have decided to buy Lenovo phone and this proves a very big mistake. My budget was 10k, I have purchased Lenovo A706 I got attracted by seeing specification and the price. I thought I'm getting a branded phone at a nice price. If you see the specification are dam good, but no where these specification match with the performance. Touch is very normal, I have tested with few games like Temple run, Temple run 2, Candy crush sometimes it doesn't responded and it lags. Camera is very bad you can take good photos only in day time. It can capture up to 720p Video but quality is not good. Network sometimes its goes down, sometimes its shows full signal but when you trying to dial any no it says "Network connection not available" this is a big problem you need to restart the mobile to work. Only the best part in this phone is music remaining everything is too bad. Friends please don't buy this phone, go for any other brand which is value for Money.
This is one of the best phones available. It's been more than a 4 months in usage, not seen any issues. Pros: - Great spec - Look & finish - Display - Performance and - Attractive price Cons: - Not so great camera (its expected in 5MP) It really worth's the money spent. Quite happy with performance :-)
1. Battery backup is very less 2. photo clarity is very bad 3. some inside operation goes on it's own way despite being manual setting like a) screen sleep time setting b) screen self rotation 4. speed of processor is not upto the mark. 5. It hangs to much 6. Touch is not sensitive(takes time to respond)
Phone performance is good. Worst Battery back up ever in an Android phone. You run it on 3G - you need to charge every 4 hours, even if it is put on "Long" battery mode. As always, biased products for India. Got to check the phone brought from Dubai by my friend. Camera is far superior. I do not know why these electronics giants are not booked "suo-motto" for public cheating and below-grade products, even after all these reviews and complaints spreading through the internet.
Its an ok phone. Pros : Rich IPS display. Quad core snapdragon 200 processor. Performance is fair enough. Average camera. All day battery( I am a heavy user and i speak after my experiences) lenovo ui is ok with helpful stuff like lenovo power and good filemanager. Excellent speakers with good bass. Vey good phone for Music lovers. Cons : Poor touch screen, outdated OS, Poor video output. Can barely play 720p videos. 1080p videos are a no-no. Adreno 203 gpu is outdated. Build Quality is not upto the mark.USB connector is not tight and often results in loose connection.Image quality is very noisy, but images are usable. No scope of software updates Forget about kitkat. Ui takes up 25% RAM and still lags. Lenovo after sales service is very poor. Not satisfied with service. Buy this phone if : You require good battery life. Are not a heavy user, and use your phone for basic functions. Do not buy if : You are a avid mobile gamer, This is probably one of the worst phones for graphic intensive gaming. It also isnt a good choice if you are a movie buff and use your phone for watching movies and videos. BELIEVE ME. Looking for a good camera phone with HD recording capability. Keep looking for better phones. You are better off with something else. Note for owners: The touch sensitivity can be improved by replacing the touch panel and digitizer. Ive done the same. However you will experience a really annoying dust buildup under your phone's screen that gets on your nerves. Just saying.
i bought this mobile 6month ago. my xperience is as below. i found too much lagging problem, & after 3visit to service center, now its ok, good speed because of 1gb ram & processor, graphics are also good, major problem in this phone is memory, u can't able to install so many app & games because of very low inbuilt memory, message occurs memory full every time, i have move all app & games in memory card but the problem is as it is. so final discision is that if you want to install more games & apps this mobile is worst & if you don't use so many apps & games its a very good mobile.
Bought this phone from local shop. Phone is awesome. Battery backup is outstanding. Call quality is decent. OS is lil customized For those who r facing lags pls update phone using OTA Camera is poor. But flash is very powerful. All in all a nice phone. Go for it
I received a defective piece. Keeps on rebooting and very poor voice call quality. may be this is problem with the piece i received and not with the model. Not able make calls, It connects after 3 4 trials. and very low voice even at full in call volume setup. Cant hear on call when in public place. I can understand it might happen In some areas with signal issues but this phone giving me hard time making calls. (Requesting the seller to look into this and replace my phone). The Wifi and Speed it fine. It seems the Voice/Radio receiver is defective and needs replacement.
Fast, decent audio, and talk quality. Features like GPS and WLAN are very good for a phone at this price. Does not have an LED to notify missed calls, new SMS, etc. Battery is not impressive, but the phone comes with good power management options.
good phone at this cost go for it
Hello my friend This is one of the best phone below 10K, with powerful processor, RAM, camera, good battery life and etc..
I feel it is a very good instrument, very user friendly, with more features than others in its class..
This phone is good for gaming, no lag found till date. There is some problem of hardware or software by which phone screen starts selecting menu and other function automatically while come small humidity, like in fog condition. You will get good battery only when you will charge 100%. If it is 95%, it will not give. Phone is slim, but look wise not good at all. But in 10K its good phone but not better than micromax.
Works smoothly, no lags. Battery life is OK. Memory is separated, so if you get an SD card and want to use it as a primary storage, you need to move all the apps to it. Camera is not very good, but can be fine when taking photos under the sun light. The built quality is average, but overall, I'm satisfied with the model.
Brought 3 of these for the entire family. Good battery life, runs anything I throw at it, looks cool and well priced. Worth it. Buy it.
I am using this phone and this is a really good one. I am happy with the performance and the battery back up. user interface is also good, but I cant rate it as the best. But I would like to say that it is one of the best in that value range. There is one small sync problem on the bluetooth headset connectivity with the music player. The player can run only with stereo bluetooth headset. Rest all feature is satisfactory.
I liked this handset but found 2 problems. 1. camera is not so upto the mark. I think camera is 2.0 megapixel instead of 5.0 2. Hanging problem
I gotthis mobile from flipkart. For less than 10 K you are getting a charm of a phone!!! Very fast,,I am using it for the past 20 days. No lags whatsoever. Battery is also pretty decent. Go for it!!! Camera is the only negative in this phone. But it okkish ... go for it!!!
After seeing the reviews, I decided not to buy this phone. I saw the reviews just before I was to click BUY button. Why is the RAM less than 1GB? And HCL service as someone has put it? Avoid.
I ordered it, got the delivery 2nd day! But unfortunately A706 with a different set of specs was delivered! Instead of dual GSM sim it had 1 GSM & 1 WCDMA slot, the back 2 shade finish was also compromised for a plane white panel. Was surprised to see same model with different spec! Well thanks to flipkart immediate response, the phone was taken back next day of delivery and hope money will also be returned on time!
+++++ Speed , Music with your own good head phone , Internal Mem , Ok Look , Value for Money - - - - - Artificial intelligence , Missing so many important simple features ,Camera , Touch betraying me some time.. Moral : hmmm Ok Phone .. you can hesitate and finally can buy if you wanna try something new with lenovo.
Battery is good, internet speed is good. Value for money phone. Only camera quality is not upto mark.
Using it from 1 year till no hanging problem nothing, working superbly , I have purchased this mobile in univercell. This is a good phone with good speed. 1gb Ram is enough for all apps, Net speed is very Good.
Bought the phone from a local store. The phone has good specs and has a decent look. Satisfied with the phone. value for money.
