MOBDNPZ4JWTBJXEC
I have been using this phone since a month now and have fallen in love with it. I have used an android device for 2 years and now when I planned to get a new one, I was kind of inclined towards a window phone to get a different taste. My budget was around 15K, my basic requirements were good look, large screen, front camera, good surfing speed. It took me around 2 weeks to choose between all the phones in this price range, it was tough :-/. I have this kind of thinking that when I am spending as much as 15k bucks for a phone, I will prefer spending it on brands like Nokia/ Samsung/ HTC or Sony. So in this way my options already got a bit filtered. Before making this purchase from flipkart, I personally went to a Mobile store to see how these devices actually look in my hand as the outlook of the mobile was one of my major criterion and the Nokia lumia 625 absolutely nailed in it. Lumia 720 was also a good phone with better camera and "clear black display" but I liked the look of 625 far more because of its larger screen and rounded edge which looked sexy. It doesn't look like a 15k phone, rather having a first sight of the phone and seeing the "Nokia" name on it, one would easily presume that its atleast 23k phone.(I have personally experienced it). I got the Orange colour and it looks just LOVELY! It looks very vibrant! You also have the option to get shells of other colours such as green, black or yellow. I think it will be wiser to go for a black coloured one and then buy an orange shell, coz the price of a black shell is 1200/- online whereas that of a orange shell is around 700/-. So that way you can save your 500/- ;) I am not going to mention the specs in detail as flipkart has already done that... and trust me, they are not lying :P. As per my experience with this beautiful device, the pros are: * Great look, Great build, Superb design, Awfully slim :O. * Really Large screen. Big enough to clearly surf internet, read books or watch movies. You don't actually need bigger screen than this for a mobile. Else it gets difficult to handle.. * As they say, this phone is 4g ready, therefore when you are using 3g connection, surfing is lightning fast, you will love it. * The touch of the phone is superb. I can easily handle it even wearing hand gloves. * You will love the interface of Window 8, if you are a first time user. * The camera is real good. I don't think, you buy a camera mobile to be a professional photographer or so. For that you have to go for expensive cameras from sony/nikon blah blah. In a 15k camera mobile you expect a decent camera which captures clear and decent quality image. Lumia 625 serves you very well in this category. The flash is also very good. The low light images are also good. Not as good as the day light images though. * HD Video recording. this is a real good feature of this phone. When you see the videos in your laptop, its real pleasure. * I don't generally rely on headphones given free with the device. i use my Sennheiser headphones with this device and It works just fine. I love the sound quality. * The Speaker is good, real loud and clear. * Battery back up is another great thing of this wonderful device. You charge it full, You use it for a whole 10-12 hrs, playing games, listening songs, surfing nets, which was like a dream when I used to have an android device. * Window phone doesn't hang. Processing speed is fast. * With this phone you get 6 months unlimited subscription of songs from Nokia Music and movies from Nokia movies which is also great. * In the Nokia mix radio, you will find good varieties of mixes of various genres and artists. * There are almost every kind of apps you need in the store. * The gorilla glass looks awesome on the mobile. You will not feel the need to spend your money on buying a scratch guard for it seriously. Cons if you want me to tell: :-/ * People will point out the absence of clear black display in this category. But I don't find it difficult to read the screen even under the sun. * Its 480x800 Pixels resolution. Its actually a bit down for a screen size of 4.7". But the thing is, it actually doesn't harm the display. You choose bright coloured tiles and increase the brightness, it ill do. So don't worry! :) * In the store, I find most of high end games are paid. For example I got the "real football" game free in my previous android mobile but in windows 8 store, you have to pay to get it. However its not really a con for me, as I am not into much gaming. Still if you are a gamer, the large screen will serve well for you ;). That's all I had to say after using this for a month. Lumia 625 is definitely a very good buy! A small tip: Go through the detailed specs of the mobiles whatever you choose before buying it. I do get surprised when I see people saying in the review "this phone has only 5 mp camera...this phone has low resolution...this phone has only 512mb ram..blah blah!!!" You should have known this facts before buying it!
I have been a Lumia 625 user for about 3 weeks now and it has not disappointed me one bit. I read plenty of reviews before going for this product. Since I use the internet a lot and read a lot of books, the main requirement for me was a pretty big screen and a good performing device. I did a fair bit of research on the market for screen size more than 4.5". Since my previous phones were Nokia, I always had kept in touch with their latest experiments with the windows platform. Before getting serious about Nokia, I researched about Android and found issues regarding low cost Android phones and the indifferent treatment they got from the manufacturers regarding the updates. To make it worse, I know how heavy Android is and the kind of performance pain points it undergoes since it needs more memory and more battery life. Especially since Apple did not have a device at the price point I was targeting, enter Lumia 625 and Lumia 720 into the picture. The decision was pretty easy since the 720 was a slightly smaller phone in terms of screen size. I have to admit the decision to go with the windows platform got easy when I realised that the top apps that I end up using are present even on windows and Nokia is known for its imaging technology. I also have to point out the build quality and importance that Nokia gives to its phones, you have to use it to experience it. Overall, I am happy with the choice I made, my relationship with brand Nokia continues :)
I have been using this phone for two months now, and its the best. All the buyers who blame the operating system are too dumb to figure out how it works. Let me tell you about the phone first. The phone packs a decent chipset with a quite powerful ( not the best ) processor which is more than enough for even Asphalt8:Airborne. Camera is quite good and clicks photos that confuses my friends whether I have clicked it with my APaS. Speaker has low sound, and you cannot hear the songs playing clearly in a crowded place. Personally I don't have any problem with that. The microphone provides great sound clarity. The touch response is unprecedented in any other manufacturer. It responds to feather light touch. Now the operating system WP8 is the most integrated operating system you will ever experience. If you want to risk it, update to WP8.1 with Developer Preview license ( voids the warranty ) and enjoy even more features. Windows Operating system has everything you need. For the frustrated customers bickering about the lack of antivirus, it is technically IMPOSSIBLE to create a virus for Windows Phone platform ( its not your pirated version desktop platform for God's sake ). It is visually as stunning as it is secure. Final verdict: If you are a bit mature user, and not some temple-run-playing-whatsapping-mobile-user-who-doesn't-have-his-world-outside-his-mobile, WP will suit your personality ( it does have those apps though ).
I have been using this mobile for past 1 month. Firstly I will say this is a very good mobile considering the price tag(14800 with lots of goodies from flipkart).Every one who reviewed already told the pros and cons. I will give a very honest review about this mobile:- 1.The screen size is very good.It is large and beautiful and those who are talking about resolution just use the mobile after that you wont say a word about resolution.I didnt find any dissatisfaction regarding resolution. 2.You will find enough apps in windows market also and the best part is its growing ,so dont worry about that(means android has lot of apps windows dont kind of myth). 3.The battery is i think one of the best battery in smart phone.After using 3G it one full charge will stay 1.5 days or even 2 days.Even i watched a 1080 full movie after that i saw 10% of battery decreased.So u guys decide how is the battery.. :) 4.Sound quality is awesome.I didnt find any issue with that. 5.Camera itself is very good and with all the astonishing nokia apps it became more creative.I am in love with the camera.but there is one drawback in the camera that it is not good in low light and also if u zoom it ,the picture quality is not that much good. 6.the build quality of the mobile is also very good,After i bought the mobile one of my frnd saw it and i asked him to guess the price he told 25k may be.... :D 7.On the gaming front if you are not a hard gamer then u will not find any issue,mainly all the renowned games will be running without a single lag. 8.One last thing i want to share is the speed of the mobile and the touch.It is lightning fast and the touch is very responsive.You guys will love it. So if your budget is around 15k you should definitely consider this mobile.
Those who are complaining about the high price and low configuration.....most of them have not noticed the key feature of this phone which is the 4G connectivity which makes it one of the rare phones under 20k which have this facility...some blame on lack of information also goes on flipkart as they have not included this feature in their list of "key features" about this phone...well 4G is one of its highlight that differentiates it from other 3G phones like lumia 720 and lumia 620 Although I believe that nokia should have included 1gb ram in it...but they are the manufacturers, they know better..but wiyh 4G being continuosly launched in india by airtel (kolkata, bangaluru and recently noida) this phone is the best choice one van make who plans to buy a future ready 4G phone under 20k with large screen (other choice is the lumia 820), also lumia 820 was launched way earlier and this one is latest and will see a pricedrop after some time Though I have a lumia 720(which I love very much and has never dissapointed me because of its camera, its unibody design) I wrote this review only to provide informayion to the guture customers..also those who are complaining about the less ppi, please try to understand that microsoft is to be blamed for this because windows phone has a limitation to the resolution of the screen and if hou increase the size of screen with same resolution than its obvious that ppi will decrease...lumia 620, lumia 720 and lumia 625 have same resolution and witj increase in screen size the ppi decrease, samsung galaxy grand with 5" screen has even lower ppi of about 187 which is because of the large screen size So this is my humble request to those who are complaining...please stop comparing specification of different phones if you don't have full information Guys at flipkart...I hope after my review you will include that 4G connectivity feature in your key features list of this phone A true flipkart fan
Nokia Lumia 625 is a very good phone. It is really fast, the touch is very sensitive and the windows UI is just amazing. 6 month free subscription Nokia music download is the best part of the package.
Buying a phone is confusing as is, without reading the many pro and con reviews available online. We wanted a phone as cheap as possible with as many features as possible :). After going though Nokia 625, 720, 920 (on flipkart 50% off - 20 k), Samsung Grand and Grand Quattro we decided to buy the Lumia 625. -- Sony Phones were not trusted enough regarding price, rough use and above 20k -- Samsung grand and Quattro had many hanging issues amongst our friends and was 20k -- HTC 8X was considered -- Nokia Lumia because of size, Wifey liked the bright colours, looked good and fit our budget. Though it was 15K on Flipkart after discount, we got it for 12k at a showroom with scratchguard and a bluetooth set after exchanging a Nokia N8, now talk about bang for your buck scenario :) People say the resolution is not good - unless you spend a considerable amount of time watching videos in HD, I doubt any person would ahve a problem unless having a high spec phone is a criteria or something to boast about:P people crib about battery - Most of us anyway charge our phone on a day to day basis, whats the cribbing for? If you want a phone 24/7 play games and be on the net - get a laptop Price after discount was 5/5 - with original prices of 18-20k maybe people need to look out more. The only reason I brought this phone was because at 12K it was a steal and it offers a refreshing change over the same looking androids in everyones hand. Would I have brought it if it was 20k - NO. After all i am a shopper, I buy something which has a good deal Has Nokia arrived on the scene again. I hope so
i am not a gadget connoisseur. my thoughts as a 'mango' user. to say i am a mango user stays true in the other sense too. i had an omnia w and switched to this mobile. i feel there is way better customer-friendliness in Nokia compared to Samsung wrt the apps availability, presentation etc in the windows mobile environment. compared to the 7.8 version, i found few things that bowled me over... bluetooth sharing, not needing Zune for media sync and ability to transfer and browse your files on the system, better apps etc The best part is the unlimited lifetime free access to Nokia Music! that's pure awesomeness!!! Guess, these are the virtues of windows 8 rather than specific to this mobile! :) the phone's BIG screen is awesome! the battery is so-far-beyond-expectation. The audio over the headphones is good. compared to 720, it lacks the better camera and some features like wireless charging (i think), HERE lens, tap to send etc... but i can live with it :)
This phone is NOT over priced. Please read the specifications - It is a 4G phone capable of 20 Mbps speed and 4G technology DOES NOT come cheap. Not yet. All other features are just a reasonable upgrade over the existing 620. If you buy the 720 or even 820 you do not get 4G. So yes, this is reasonably priced and in fact cheap. Please get your facts right before you crib and underrate a phone.
Got this phone on 23 Nov 2013 and within 1 week the phone stops working. given to Nokia Care Center in CMH Road, Indiranagar, Bangalore and they claim that there is water damage and it is because of Moisture in the air and are asking me to pay Rs. 3500 for service + Rs. 9000 for Touch Pad. Can't believe my ears. cost of the phone is Rs. 17500 and they are expecting me to pay Rs. 12500 for service and for moisture damage which doesn't cover under warranty. And the people at Nokia Service Center are so rude. I'm in touch with Ms. Anitha who doesn't respond properly and keep screaming at every question I ask. Guys be careful, a phone costing 17K gets damaged just because of high moisture in the air shows how cheap quality product is Nokia manufacturing.
Was initially planning to buy Lumia 925 when it was around 28k but it went to 30k, so narrowed down on Lumia 625 which was around 16199/-. But that too went to over 19 k. yes Nokia has launched buy back schemes but price variations like this makes it evident that you guys are more of fooling the customers rather than offering products at the right price...
Nokia has been impressing me with all their x20 series line ups. But they went wrong with this one in pricing. Why would you price it at 20k when much better phones like 820, 720 are available at lesser or same price. This is a dangerous deviation taken by Nokia in pricing when everything was going smoothly with promising future to Lumia-WP combination. I hope Nokia learns its mistake and drops its price to 15k. It's nonsense to say the price hike is due to rupee depreciation, when it has not affected other lumias.
Pros MicroSD memory card expansion slot. Latest Windows Phone 8 software. Excellent Nokia apps and services. Durable and colorful shell. Cons Low resolution display Limited RAM-With just 512 MB of RAM, you wouldn't count on being able to play lots of high end games. Nokia has a focus on imaging, but the camera is pretty basic. It comes with a 5 mp camera without Carl Zeiss optics . The front facing camera is also a .3mp VGA quality camera. Photos from the rear camera don't look bad though and are perfectly acceptable for social networks and digital sharing. No wireless charging. Lack of apps in window store. At this price if screen is not much matter 820 is one the best option with almost same price range,better camera,better processor,better screen resolution and more ram.
I have recently bought this phone from Flipkart and the phone is so bad after 3 Hr the phone started developing audio issues and also this phone was received in Non-Sealed condition when i asked for replacement of this phone i did nt receive and communication nor anyone called me from Flipkart's side. All rejected pieces and defected phones are being sold online here.
"When I bought my Lumia 625 as a Christmas gift for myself, I didn’t know that it will be this great! Although after going through its reviews on the web and talking to the sales girl about the features of the device at the Nokia Store made me a bit inclined towards the device, though I only came to know about its perfection when I started using it myself. I am a gadget freak and I have used many Smartphones in my life. But trust me, Lumia 625 is one of the devices which will remain my favourite forever. Not only is it crafted beautifully but the features it incorporates are equally awesome. I am sure that all of you who are using the device will agree with me on this that Lumia 625 is the greatest device of the year 2013! To start with, let me tell you that the phone is a delight to the eyes! The stunning looks of the phone with the 4.7 inches huge super sensitive touch screen, the curvy edges, the semi transparent shells which can be changed whenever I wish to, are some of the best qualities of the device. The Full HD picture quality of the phone simply makes all the images look so much bright and delicate. When I watch movies on my device, I literally do not feel that I am watching them on a mobile phone. Just that the screen size is a bit smaller than a television but apart from it, it performs all the functions which a home theatre would do! Superb sound quality and amazing video quality are some of the amazing features of the device. You must be thinking how to watch movies on the device then let me tell you that I got all my favourite flicks on the phone by simply downloading them from the Your Movies app for free! Yes! I do not need to pay for any download and this way, I have already created a folder containing some of my favourite movies which I watch whenever I am free! The Nokia Smart Cam app has got some stunning picture editing qualities. It lets me edit the images as I like to! I can blur the image backgrounds, add or remove objects from the images and create amazing action shots! These are some of the features which one will find in professional cameras. But this, Nokia has come up with these amazing picture features on its Lumia 625! I have also got benefits of Rs. 16,082 with the device and the buyback guarantee is also amazing. I have also got the Nokia Music Unlimited free for 6 months with the device. It has more than 90 lakh songs and I can listen to them whenever I feel like it! Lumia 625 is an amazing phone and I have literally fallen in love with it. I know that the features it offers are outstanding and although the price is a bit on the higher note, the features absolutely make up for it. "
Bought the phone for my father (who is a fandroid, btw) after loads of looking around. It's a users delight with the amazing battery life and the smooth UI. The only issue is with the App Store. Once you are used to the Android Play Store for your apps, you just don't find enough quality in any other place. The phone receives a 5 star rating, but because of the lack of quality Apps, reducing it to 4.
I bought it @ 14314 rupees .. windows 8 is cool OS but still has to mature itself to the likes of android.. but battery backup and stability is better than android.. It feels so good in hand, also the camera is good if not great. It takes good pics. Awesome deal @ 14000....go for it. yes it has less ram but windows needs even less than that. thumbs up for 1.2 GHz dual core processor it is fast
The Nokia Lumia 625 is a decent Windows Phone designed to offer budget buyers big screen usability and 4G speeds. However, with few of the custom Nokia innovations that made other Lumia devices great, it's unlikely to tempt new users to the Windows Phone platform. Pros: Big screen is pleasant to type on, reasonable battery, inter changable covers, very smooth display Cons: Low resolution screen, low memory, restricted selection of Nokia app
This phone has all specs lower than Lumia 720. But priced more than 720. The 4 MAIN negative points !! 1. Lumia 720 will get FM radio support in an Upcoming Amber OS update. So, dont go for this mobile, for this particular reason. 2. This mobile dont have Carl Zeiss lens too. 3. Also front cam is 0.3 mp, where as lumia 720 has 1.3 mp front cam with HD skype calling. 4. pixel density - 201 ppi ( 4.7 inch screen) is also very low / Lumia 720 pixel density - 217 ppi (4.3 inch screen) 5. Lumia 720 has wireless charging capability too ! So, better go for Lumia 720..... Lumia 625 would have priced between 13-16k
Well I just read many reviews of the lumia 625 and they all compared it to lumia 729. I would rather say that lumia 625 is a newer version. It would work faster compared to lumia 720. People say that it doesn't have a good camera but do you buy a phone for photography or calling and messaging. If you really want to buy a phone for a camera then you better buy a DSLR. Yes I agree to it that luma 625 does not have as many apps as lumia 720 as it is a newer version, well the 1020 and the 925 too don't have them. Lumia 625( 1.2 ghz) is faster than lumia 720( 1 ghz). The 720 would get the Amber update much later. The lumia 625 is 4G and lumia 720 is 3.5G. Lumia 625 has a better viewing angle than lumia 720. Lumia 625 has automatic brightness. Also it has a better touch than lumia 720. Also it has more camera feature than lumia 720. If you really talk about the differences in price then these are the ones and more. It has a bigger screen. For now I am not able to remember anything else so I would talk about the pros and the cons later. But for now hope you like the article. To be continued...
I have used the phone for couple of days and I must say this is again one of the best coming from Nokia and in the Lumia series. Yes. there are phones lil better in specs in the same price range but considering the size and few other aspects it has been kept at the price which seem to be not so good to all the people. But I really want to convey the message .. We are not at all favoring to Nokia by using those services .. Nokia is favoring us to bring us the such a great phones and wonderful technologies like Here Maps and all. Hence, never blame on nokia for overpricing the stuff and as the model has been just launched it is definitely going to be priced well later it may drop considering the other upcoming models. I hate such people who never consider the Samsung's cheap phones like Grand and few more at the same price range a costlier but Nokia has made the phone than started blaming it. Such people are better to be away from Nokia, They deserved to be in the mass and not in the class.
The Maximum price should be between 10-15K. The extra feature available from 720 is just FM Radio. I think Nokia is Going to make its second mistake by overpricing. Everyone Knows the first mistake ;)
I've been using this phone for the last 6 months and the experience has been as the title suggests. I'm given to understand that this is the last Lumia by Nokia before Microsoft takeover but has all the good stuffs in it. First of all, the most striking feature of this phone is, before you even turn it on, its build quality. Its slim, solid and the matte finish unibody design just works. Then you go ahead and turn it on, the display doesnt disappoint at all, the touch is out of this world and you wont believe how smooth it works considering the 512mb ram. It is the only phone in the segment that is capable of showing you that sweet LTE sign (4g ready). What else, good battery life, great audio, absolutely zero lag, pretty good camera(rear and front) and the rest you can see for yourself in phone Specification. NOW, no review of a Lumia is ever going to be complete without mentioning the Windows Phone OS. When I bought my phone, it came with Win 8 amber version. Even then, it was the most glamorous os you would have ever seen, but not par with android on functionality. Then came the Black version, things didnt change much. And now finally Windows Phone 8.1 (Cyan) is here with lady love Cortana and no other OS will ever be good enough for my phone. Its a game changer, has all the necessary functionality and you wont believe how awesome it looks. The Windows eco system has also seen a sea change and hosts every possible app one will ever need (and its growing by the hour). But the biggest buzz about 8.1 is ofcourse CORTANA. Basically she lets you control your phone through your voice, she can be your personal assistant, movie guide, traffic adviser, store locator etc etc and if you ask her nicely, she even sings for you. If you are in India, you wont get get Cortana with 8.1 upgrade just yet, you need to change your language, region and speech to US to get the Cortana update. PS- Someone wrote the only con about this phone is there is no pdf reader. Thats just ridiculous. There are two legit apps, one by Microsoft itself, named 'PDF Reader' and the other, came preinstalled in my phone, something called THE 'ADOBE READER' !!!!!
It looks great becoz of its large screen (4.7 ") so whenever i used to play games or listening music while traveling people always used to ask me which phone im using and I proudly say to them its Nokia Lumia 625 & its performance is incredible. If ur wondering why it is having only 512 RAM then i can say only 1 thing even High End Games run so smoothly it does not require 1GB or more RAM at least it doesn't lag like android phones even its having a dedicated graphics for playing games. Best part of dis phone is Nokia Drive and 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Processor .Nokia Drive is turn-by-turn Drive nav app with GPS technology and the best part its free. Nokia Radio Mix is quite impressive becoz of its music on demand & many more features to be availed . So my honest opinion to go for this kind of devices becoz android is becoming unreliable day by day, that why i m deliberately moving to some other platforms and this device is quite reliable. So, Nokia Lumia 625 you rock man 5 stars frm my side. (I AM A FAN NOT A PROMOTER MIND IT )
I have been a Nokia Fan for many years. The Build is solid, Quality is better. Seldom I visited their repair centre. Nokia Lumia 625 screen has the largest size in Nokia Family. The Specs are reasonable and decent for the price offered.The price has come down considerably and now hover between 15-16K. I have purchased 2 days ago at 14.5K using my discount coupon (not from Flipcart) I zeroed in on Lumia 625 because of the Big display and I wanted a phone other than Samsung. Mind you, Higher specs always come with a price tag. But one has to decide what he/she expects from the phone rather than harping on a few shortcomings. In my opinion Lumia 625 is a good balance between price and specs. And for those who wish to be different from the crowd, Lumia 625 with WP8 is a good choice. I don't give too much importance to Apps issue as 95% of the Apps are of not much use any way. One can easily get important useful Apps in WP8 also.
performance good, no lags. but storage bit low......not a big problem that can be make up with 16 or 32 gb sandisk extreme pro.
It's a good product for sure no doubts. I've been using it for months now and it still works greatly. I've even installed the 8.1 update and even with that the phone works just fine and even after being a 512Mb phone it doesn't lags at all. The only problem your gonna face is the shortage of apps in the market. Othervise everythings just great. The camera the fluency of the phone and just everything. Thanx .!
I was an android user before buying this phone. Now I am a fan of Window Phone. The window apps designs are very user friendly than android apps. This device has a large enough screen for a nice experience of window os. Now I have came out of the lagging zones of android and enjoying it. The windows 8.1 makes it more beautiful. Also it is the 4G ready phone in this price range. Battery backup is also good it lasts for 1 and half day in fully wifi use.
this is really a very good phone and also working fine. I'm using this product quite a long time and so far I do not see any difficulty to use this product. much bigger display and value for money.
This is the worst phone i have ever used in my entire life, first this phone takes a lot of time to open an app, the whatsapp in this phone doesnt work properly and some of the features of the whatsapp like last and audio share dont work and believe the front camera of this phone is a shit if someone wants to buy a phone then believe me never buy this shit
This is my first Windows Phone. Pros : 1. Price Tag 2.I love the Design / Build (Very slim and handy) 3. 4.7 Inches screen. 4. 4G LTE enabled at such a low price 5. Good Camera / Also front camera is there 6. Windows 8.1 Lumia Cyan update has just rolled out today.(Cheers) 7. Sound quality is good. Cons: 1. Battery is not removable 2. No screen guard comes with phone For me it's a monster among all existing low segment smart phones. Value for money. This is something exactly as per my requirement.
please dont buy this product worst wifi reception , worst product from nokia , thanks for flipkart for fast delivery
I did go for a lumia phone, because I wanted a change. I did a lot of research before picking this one, and presently I'm loving my device. I got all and more than what I wanted from it. I would just like to make a few small points:- 1. The lack of PPI, as mentioned by most of reviewers is certainly there. But I'm not facing any problem because of that. Believe me, it will not give any trouble. 2. Yes, the phone is weak on camera front. This is not the nokia standard 5 MP camera. Still the pictures takes in well lit conditions are pretty good. 3. I'm not feeling any sort of lack of apps on the windows eco-system. For all the apps on play store you'll have either the same app here also, or you'll a better or good enough alternative.
although the overall performance is very good such as video, net browsing, look and style the biggest disadvantage is poor ram due to which many programs crashes several times like whatsapp, subway surfear and many more apps...... those who want to buy please go for a better ram phone avoid this as i am using this phone since last 9 months....
phone is very good , just go for it try w8 phone. about the seller... WS seller is very good they have given my cash back with a 30 days.
While looking for a new phone, there were a couple of criteria I had. Long battery life, easy and convenient to download and listen to music, customisable start page, easy to hold, etc. This phone met almost all of them. The battery life is great. I haven't needed to charge the phone more than once every two days, and that's with wifi constantly on and regular usage. The phone allows you to customise the start page by choosing which apps you want on it, as well as resizing them and shifting them around to be most convenient for you. I love the shape and size of the phone, as well as the matte finish of the back. It looks nice and classy. While choosing a phone I had also looked at some of the newer Lumia pieces like the 1320 and 1520, and they felt way too bulky and wide for normal everyday use. The size of the 625 is large enough for a clear and uncluttered look, but small enough to not be inconvenient to use. There were only two major gripes I have with it. The piece I was sent, for some reason, was not recognized by any of my PCs when plugged in, which led me to believe that it was an issue with the phone or cable (since the problem was with multiple PCs and not just one). After extensive troubleshooting online it finally started working. The second is that while you can download songs as well as transfer songs from PC to phone, I haven't found a quick and easy way to create a playlist on the phone itself. It requires me to create one on my PC and then sync it with the phone, which I find exceedingly inconvenient. All in all, while it may have had some little issues, this phone is unbelievably great value for money and I don't regret the purchase at all.
hi friends i bought this phone on 27th march 2014 , delivery is very quick by flipkart, packing was so nice by flipkart. while coming to phone its a good phone in big screens it is able to play hd 1080p vedios with out lack, specifications are good,and this phone is 4g capable which is an advantage to this phone . camera: the persons or the people who are going to buy this phone i would suggest them that this phone who wanted to take good videos but for people who wanted to take a photo i would not recommend this phone reason: excellent videos with 30fps 1080p ,awesome but while coming to photo capture while the picture or object which is nearer photos are good, for long shots it is not so good. performance and gaming: i am not going to say it why because it just excellent just buy this product who are gamer graphics are good no lag while playing games able to open more then 15 apps at at a time multitasking 1.2ghz dual core processor very fast loading internet: the people who are good surfers on internet just go for it. pages are loading very fast video streaming on 2g is not nice but i checked on 3g and wifi networks it works fine without any buffering wifi: wifi connectivity is nice and this phone has a internet sharing option so u can share ur internet to ur friends easily at a time 8 guest can be able to share internet toch: super sensitive gorilla glass2 toch is just awesome but it is not a clear black display it is ips lcd display but u guys will satisfy with its display os: this phone is capable and upgradeable to upcoming windows phone 8.1 overall review of mine is: good phone for the smart people!!!!!!!!! just go for it !!!!!!!!
Used two Android phones (Galaxy pop - gingerbread & Galaxy Tab 2 3100 - ICS) and got tired / bored of androids. Too confusing and with lots of gibberish. Got myself a windows phone Lumia 510 in Dec'12. An excellent WP 7.8 phone and was very satisfied with it except - Low memory 256mb RAM, No SD card, No HINDI font support, No big games support, No flash etc... Come 2014 was looking for a newer & bigger 4.3 to 4.7 in display Nokia Windows phone (5 in ones are too big for me). Search narrowed down to Lumia 525, 720 & 625. Waited for the new Lumia 630 to get announced & came to know support for WP 8.1 for all lumias running WP8. Lumia 720 was my first choice but was out of my budget (16 - 17K) & was too close looking to 525 / 520 (cheaper) from distance. But 625 was cheaper in price but nice to look at. Got this one for Rs.12872 from Flipkart on Bank offer. As usual was delivered in 5 days flat (Kolkata warehouse - Delhi - Jamshedpur) in excellent packed condition. And the set is brand new mfd (march 2014) with Lumia black update. Fully satisfied & loyal customer as usual. Will review the product & let you all know in a few days. Thank you Flipkart.
Nokia lumia 625 is a superb smartphone within this price range. the 4.7 inch screen shows everything in a nutshell. nice piece of hardware and it comes loaded with windows phone 8 os. the os is a nifty piece of work and Microsoft has done good. windows phone 8 is light, fast and not resource hungry... Plus it can offer the same performance that other android phone offers with the double specs. can't wait for the windows phone 8.1 os... games like subway surfer, temple run, rail rush etc work jst fine. no lags. 5 mp camera is good too..picture quality is amazing.. a pretty good smartphone this one within a 15000 rs budget... if u want more hardware goodness then better to go for higher end lumia phone. nokia and windows make gr8 combination.
This really an awesome product at that cost. Stylish than u expect, slimmer than u expect, smaller than u expect and over all it will be AWESOME than u expect. Its definitely better than its reviews. U dont find any visible problem with resolution and it seems good. Having seen Galaxys' , Moto G and all I feel, this is better than them with that budget economically. U will be definitely impressed................:)
I used this handset...its best in features...in this price its super super good phone....i loved it Battery back up is superrr.....se bhi upper nice games screen is also good
Thanks to FlipKart, Item delivered within 36 hours with no extra charge, neat packing, good communication, hassle free service, best pricing and convenient payment options. Nothing to explain about the item, Lumia phones are "The" best in market. As I've worked for an international online shopping website, know the hard work behind making a smooth transaction and bringing that smile on a customer's face. FlipKart has definitely made the difference from others, will shop with you folks for sure, keep up the good work in bringing India to international standards in online shopping. "Customer Service is not a department, its an Attitude"
i didnt buy this phone from flipkart, but phone is ok. if u want a phone in the range of 15k n dont want many features so it is a good phone, infact very good. but i think one must read the market for atleast 1 month before buying any phone. one drawback which i m really troubled for, is it has the only option to make videos is HD quality so u can;t send any video of even 10 secs on whatsapp, as it dont support big sized video. on the second hand if u want a phone which allow u to make video in HD quality then its a very good option. many times it denies to open sites,, like antivirus download page.. 3 out of 5. from me
Lumia 625 is a good choice when you are looking for a smart phone in range 15k. The phone has got a brilliant camera and touch.though the Windows OS is not much user friendly. The ear phone is of poor quality. Screen size is big so that the phone has good look and feel. Discarding minor issues,Lumia 625 is a brilliant choice for 15k range.
1st of all NOKIA's biggest screen mobile this is.... good touch, viewing angle is also pretty good... camera is also pretty good,
"The red shelled Nokia Lumia 625 that I am using gives me more than one reason to be glad about my decision to buy the phone for myself. I can access a number of smart applications and other features but I can also show it off. An important aspect that I consider while choosing a phone is the battery backup and my Nokia Lumia 625 lasts pretty long with multiple applications running at a time and without putting it on charge several times a day. I download or create files and other applications which I can store on my phone having an internal memory of 8GB which is extendable upto 64 GB. My Nokia Lumia 625 is very attractive to look at with its round and gentle edge and the semi transparent interchangeable back shell which gives it a very young and trendy look. I can also choose to swap colours of the back shell according to my wish. I can play games for hours or click pictures or even write a text on the big 4.7” LCD screen comfortably. Even the pictures that I take with its 5MP camera can be added to the phone’s credentials. It doesn’t just help me click clear and well defined photographs but also at the same time gives me a number of editing options. Apart from the basic editing options there are a number of other interesting features and applications for advanced editing which I apply to the photographs taken by me to make them appear even better and different. The Nokia Smart Camera is one such feature which I have found very useful. It has been enabled to take action shots by which I can determine and select the best shot from a series of shots arranged in a sequence or I can just put all the shots in one frame to give the image a sense of motion. Amongst other applications the two most interesting to me are the Your Movies Application and the Nokia Storyteller App. I even got an offer on the Your Movies App, an application through which I can watch endless number of movies and with this offer I can now watch over 3000 movies and absolutely for free. The other App is the Nokia Storyteller which puts my pictures on the map according to the date and places where they were taken. I can revive memories of those places on the map and I can share my memories as well. The Nokia Music Unlimited also allowed me 3 months of free music and so music being a passion of mine, it could not have got better for me. The 16,082 rupees benefit doesn’t only include the Your Movie App offer but I can now access 3 months of 3G internet, get e-books on Flipkart, free Ozone Wifi etc as well. Last but not the least, the buyback provision allowed me to buy and experience this bundle of joy Nokia Lumia 625 at a wonderful discount in exchange of my old Nokia phone. " a creation of nokia which will go for ever ``
Excellent Mobile, the screen size is awesome worth every penny. Windows 8 is great and the apps are excellent. The mobile is fast and runs smoothly.
After 1 month searching different mobile on net and also in local shop finally i go with nokia first time in my life. After using for 8 day i give review about this mobile. Each required app available in Windows 8 also. Only app lock and call recorder not available. Game performance , smart cam its amazing. its relay handy using windows8. No problem.... Sure go for it.
In the era of smart phones..Nokia has really come up with the best of technology. Phone is great and the whole experience is good too. The best part is the battery life. No trouble at all.
it is very best mobile by its uses, browsing, camara results, etc... it is very reliable and chi pest mobile after that very smart features. In it no hanging problem.
Product is simply outstanding. As far as internet browsing it is outstanding.Battery back is very good and hope it is better choice than the other window phone .Camera is 5 mega pickle which is only weak aspect of this phone.I feel my review will become useful tips for new buyer .over all Great experience
First time using windows phone, and it's amazing with Limia 625. it's been only 10 days and i didn't find any RAM usage issue or Memory. Camera is also satisfactory. Please don't look at RAM it is better then 1GB RAM android phone. Almost all applications are available at store. Windows8 looks awesome. And easy to use.
Delivered on time.. Battery backup is good hats off nokia now even cant touch even the features of nokia lumia 920 Thanks flipkart
"A good mobile phone actually makes up for everything and when I bought my Lumia 625, I had a lot of expectations from it. I was in a desperate need of a Smartphone as my old one was too old to flaunt it in public. I used my last phone for the past 4 years and I was buying a new one after so long so I couldn’t take a chance and started reviewing about all in the web. I read a lot about the Lumia 625 from Nokia and saw that it has received quite good reviews from the users. The price was also suiting my budget and hence I went up to the Nokia Store and asked the sales girl to show me a demo of the device. As soon as she started, I knew that this was the phone I was looking for so long. I am a professional photographer but I never knew that a phone can perform such amazing picture editing tasks in such easy way. The Nokia Smart Phone app is an amazing feature of the phone which lets me edit the clicked pictures in such wonderful ways. I have used Photoshop but Lumia 625’s editing qualities are equally outstanding. Starting from blurring the image backgrounds, clicking action images, taking the best smile shots, and doing a lot more, Nokia 625 is indeed a great phone to use! The phone comes with a 4.7 inches huge screen and the full HD picture quality simply makes every viewable object so much lucid! Now, whenever I am not doing any work, I watch movies on my device and I download these movies from the Your Movies app where there are already more than 3000 flicks stored. And the best part is there is no download cost! All the movies are available for free. Also, the Nokia Music Unlimited app, which is subscribed for free for 6 months on the device, has more than 90 lakh songs and I keep listening to music and the list never fades with so many options available. The device looks great and although I have bought the yellow one, I have got a few changeable shells of different colours and so, I can change the colour of my phone whenever I feel like it. I have also got a buyback offer with the device and it guarantees me 100% replacement of the phone if I come across any problems with it within the end of this year and also the benefits of Rs. 16,082 which I have got with this phone is simply an add-on virtue of Lumia 625! All these simply make up for the money I paid for the device. My Nokia 625 is indeed one of the best devices of today and I am lucky that I bought this one only. I am proud on my choice and I truly feel that no other mobile phone would have served me the way my Lumia 625 does! I love my Lumia 625 and its features have made me one of its biggest fans now! "
"Nokia Lumia 625 was a gift to me by some of my friends on my wedding a few weeks back. And it became one of the best gifts I have got on my special day. Soon after getting the phone I started using it and it became special to me in every single way. The way it looks, it bright red colour, it curvy design and the semi transparent shells which I can change to match with my dresses are indeed great! I am thankful to my friends for gifting me something so amazing which I will cherish for long. I was thinking about buying a mobile phone for myself after my marriage but now as I have got the best Smartphone from Nokia, I do not need to think about buying another one for at least 2-3 years now! The phone has a big 4.7 inches screen and this is what grabbed my attention for the first time. The screen size is huge and it just has a lot of space to watch movies and play video games. With the Your Movies app, I can now search through 3000 + movies and download whatever I like in just zero cost! I have already watched some of my favourite flicks on my mobile and I absolutely love it. The sound quality and the full HD picture quality make my movie watching sessions all the more delightful. The Nokia Smart Cam app is another wonder of the device. It has amazing picture editing qualities and it lets me edit my clicked images in so many different ways. Blurring the picture backgrounds, clicking action shots, and doing much more! This app lets me be a professional and although I am an amateur, I forget that at times! I have even got benefits of Rs. 16,082 with the device and the buyback guarantees me exchange of it if I face any kind of problem within the end of this year! I know that I wouldn’t have got so much in a single device and all thanks to my loving friends, I am using one of the best mobile phones of my life! The Nokia Music Unlimited app I have got for free with the device and it’s for 6 months that I will not have to pay a penny for this. I can even upgrade it for another 3 months till 31st of December and it has over 90 lakh songs and I can listen to my favourite ones at any point of time. My Lumia 625 offers me features which are so much funny! Whenever I sit with my phone, I never get bored. It offers me absolute relaxation. I know that I will go a long way with this device and my Lumia 625 will remain my favourite forever. Its amazing applications, the way it helps me in my work, the way it entertains me when I am bored and the way it lets me explore my creativity are some of the features of this phone which keeps me glued to it. "
"The Lumia 625 was a phone which I had to buy forcibly as I had no intention of buying a phone anytime soon. While coming back from office one day, I lost my phone on the bus and I had to buy another Smartphone as soon as possible. I went up to the Nokia Store and as I have always used Nokia devices, I have a kind of liking and loyalty for its devices. So, after talking to the sales guy and letting him know what kind of phone I want, he showed me the Nokia Lumia 625! The phone looked stunning and the colour was very peppy! I bought the red one and the features which he showed to me simply grabbed my attention. I knew that this is the phone which I want exactly and didn’t think twice before paying for the same. I bought it home, started using it and realised that losing my phone on the bus has been a blessing in disguise for me! The big 4.7 inch screen of the phone simply creates huge space for everything on the device. Playing video games has got a new name with the phone. I love playing video games on my phone when I am not working and my Lumia 625 simply makes the experience much more enjoyable. The Full HD picture quality is an add on and whatever I see on the phone is so much bright and lucid. All these things make Lumia 625 attractive at the very first glance. The Your Movies app, which is already subscribed on the device, gives me the option of more than 3000 movies and I can download them anytime for free. The phone has got the Nokia Smart Cam app which makes me feel like a professional photographer at times! Firstly it clicks amazing snaps and then it provides superb editing qualities which have various background blurring options, action shots creating options, clicking the best smiles, removing objects from the snaps and much more. The phone also has the Nokia Music Unlimited app which is subscribed for free for 6 long months and it has a store of more than 90 lakh songs which I can listen to at any time. One of the amazing things about the phone is that I have got benefits of Rs. 16, 082 with the device and the buyback guarantee also assures me that I can always exchange the phone if I face any kind of trouble with the same. With so many things available on the phone, I never get bored with it. I now know that I lost my previous phone on a purpose as I had to experience the beauty of Lumia 625! I f I wouldn’t have lost my phone that day, I could have never experienced the beauty of this device. Lumia 625 will always remain special to me. It looks great and also it performs equally well. My Lumia 625 has become my best friend now! "
battery performance is good and other hardware is also good but check display in low light as my lumia 625 display was faulty (showing discoloration in low light which is under repais at Nokia factory repair center). Also Windows 8.1 OS of phone lacks some very basic features (No seek bar in music player). Hope Microsoft will enhance it. If you are moving from normal phone i.e feature phone to smart phone then go for Lumia 625 . Not for those who currently using Android phone and want to shift to Windows phone
Very bad service from FLIPKART customer care. Late delivery of the product plus the material seems of low quality compared to that available at showrooms. Better keep away from this website when they are selling something in "SALE".
Pros: - VFM product. I got free Flyte credits, 3G data and free wifi for 3 months along with it. - Gorgeous 4.7" super sensitive capacitive touch screen. Its fluid and works even better than 720 (my brother has Lumia 720 and he hates me now :D). Touch screen works even when your finger is 2mm above the screen. You don't really have to touch. - 512 MB RAM is enough for WP8 however it wouldn't hurt to get some more then again you get what you paid for. - Processor is better than rest of the line up (520, 620, 720). It is 1.2 Ghz dual core processor. - Corning Gorilla Glass 2 protection - Nice curved screen with exchangeable shells so you can refresh your phone's look and feel whenever you want Cons: - Phone is bulky and a bit heavier when compared to other smartphones in the same segment. - 512 MB RAM will restrict you from playing high-end games (games like Temple Run, Asphalt are NOT high-end games, they work just fine) - Display resolution results in 199ppi however WP manages to cover that beautifully. I am not a fanboy. I seriously considered Android, even iPhone 4/4S (my budget was 20K) but after using all these phones and I finally went with Nokia Lumia 625 and I am very happy about my decision. If you want a phone that just works and gives you that premium feel, go for Nokia Lumia 625. It's a gem! And of course flipkart is the best!! They delivered it in three days!!
Good value product for the cost its available now. Good big 4.7" responsive super sensitive capacitive touch screen. The touch response works about 2 mm away from the screen,even before the finger touches the screen. Would have preferred a higher capacity memory than 512mb of ram. Nokia looses out on that one. Like all the rest of the features. How much one can ask for the amount one pays.
I'm not satisfied with the headset provided with phone. music hears horrible in the headset. Battery discharge time is decent if data is enabled all day.
I have experienced this phone after using iOS(iPhone 1st Gen), Android (SGS2) and I like Windows Phone 8. I would not say it is better than other 2, but it is no less and completely different. UI experience of both iOS and Android is very similar but Windows 8 is breath of fresh air. Now about the phone. I purchased this phone under exchange and SBI cash back and the price was very very value for money. Phone looks sturdy and classy. Certainly better than my SGS2. Screen is big but is not as crisp. Battery life is much better and lots of free music and movies is a boon. All in all i could not have asked for better experience for the price.
The best part about the deal was the exchange price of my old phone. That itself drove me to buy my New Nokia Lumia 625 orange from Flipkart. The whole transaction was hassle free. Had ordered a Capdase cover also which was delivered along with my new phone. Very happy about the - time frame in which it was delivered - the packaging; - and last but not the least after sales support (both email and voice ). Will definitely recommend further. The only thing that was that the courier person was not carrying a declaration form with him as mentioned in a segment of their exchange policy. Wish Flipkart a continuous success.
It's really good....only problem i found that is front camera. RAM 512MB..it didn't made any difference, good performance, smooth in use. Windows Os is not bad as i got review from people. yes it's different from android.But i am enjoying this WP.
Are you passionate about Smartphones? If so, you must check out the latest carriage of the Lumia train, the powerful Nokia Lumia 625. I think it is one of the best Smartphones that I have managed to purchase and am reasonably satisfied by its performance. It has certainly helped me in the realisation of my passion and I am sure you will have to say the same after using it. Labelled as a mid range phone, although for me it is no less than a ‘high end’ phone, the Nokia Lumia 625 stands tall and committed. It is dedicated to the breed of users who are extremely passionate about innovative gadgets; so it runs on the right track for me. The phone succeeds in carving a niche for itself among the mushrooming number of Smartphones that inundate the electronic market with and makes the user feel indulged and transformed. The Smartphone features a platform that is a hot favourite and at par with top Android phones. As I can gather, you will find a lot of things better and customisable with the Windows Phone 8. The best part is, it is upgradeable and rest assured you will never fall behind. The capacitive touchscreen, I feel, is way more effective than resistive touchscreens. The phone has the common Lumia design with monoblock touch as its form factor, smooth curves on the edges, and Corning Gorilla Glass 2 and polycarbonate panel adorning its body. The display at 4.7 inches is wonderfully big and adjustable, and equipped with various sensors and outdoor viewing enhancements. Nokia Lumia 625’s 5 MP camera acts as a good camera substitute for those who wish to take some decent click here and there but without shelling out money on a separate photographic device. It has many features common to a good quality digicam, e.g., auto focus with two-stage capture key, a 28 mm focal length, f/2.4 f-number/ aperture, LED flash, HD video recording and panorama lens to name a few. Also on the offing is an app that lets you shoot a sequence of photos to choose the one that best suits your fancy and even make a strobe effect. Besides, the phone’s vast storage capacity helps me store every thing I download, create or work on and eliminates the requirement of clearing up space every other day. Thanks to the phone’s additional set of features which includes Dolby sound, listening to songs on the phone is not only agreeable but also very pleasant. The presence of GPRS, EDGE, WLAN, Bluetooth and a USB port calls for undisturbed sharing of data and other multimedia files. That is not all. There’s Here Maps to let the wanderer in you explore the horizons of the earth and guide you to your destination till you have reached. To cut the long story short, the functions of the Nokia Lumia 625 along with the extras make it unique and a Smartphone worth recommending. All credit goes to the Finnish company for relentlessly working on breaking newer grounds.
I purchased this phone around 15k mark which I think is the best value for it. I am happy with it as of now. Battery last for one day with minimal browsing / gaming, push mail enabled and close to 1.5 hrs of voice call.
Plz don't go on the reviews against this phone coz its really far better than it ...u can't get better than this in this price.....16k yes i agree the orginal price is much high bt nokia has done the justice with it now.....
Pros: - 1.2 Ghz dual core, makes multi-tasking flawless and fluid, real fast and no lags, just beautiful to watch - 4.7 inch display, quite colourful with the windows OS - Full HD recording - Gorilla glass 2 - Music is crisp and clear better than Samsung!!! With Dolby enhancement. Mine came with a unlimited music download from the Nokia store. I bought mine at Univercell Cons: - Camera is just ok - 512mb ram cannot really play high end games but good enough for me - No file storage system, so different experience compared to android - Apps are comparatively lesser than Android
I have a lumia 620 and was eagerly looking forward to 625.The features are similar to 620, even the RAM is only 512MB.For a 20k phone, RAM should be atleast 1GB. The massive increase in price may be because of fall in value of rupees, otherwise i think it would have costed around 15k only!
We purchased Nokia Lumia 625 2 weeks back from local store and here is the feedback: We earlier had Android (HTC wildfire S), and decided to switch to Lumia for some thing different and now regretting our decision. Lets start with Cons: Cons: 1> Call alert: You need extra sensitive ear and skin to realize incoming call. a> On Vibration mode - Its Vibration is extremely poor. b> On Ring+Vibration mode - it Vibrate only once (sick) and then rings. You should have God gifted ears (like Krishh) to hear the ring. c> To make the matter worse, its speaker is placed at lower back, and gets covered very easily to make the ring difficult if not impossible to be audible. d> Result - maximum incoming calls are missed. 2> What's app: a> What's app behaves like a drunkard. It exist frequently without asked to do so. :( b> While drafing What's-app chat - Android Mobile displays the profile photo of the receipient along with name; but Lumia shows only Name. Click on name to see the profile photo. c> Font placing and emoticons are not impressive 3> Calls: a> Speaker phone is clear but very mild. (not impressive, Wildfire S was far better) 4> Contact transfer: a> Like Android needs Gmail account, Lumia needs Hotmail account. So create an account first. b> While transferring contact from Android to Lumia (Bluetooth transfer) transfer doesn't take place smoothly. Eg. If a contact have 2 mobile and 1 email id in Android, while transferring to Lumia, it gets 3 different contact ID, now take the pain to link them. 5> Display: a> Display is large enough that you can read from 5 Feets :D and still the font size is small. Note that it has 400x800 resolution. 6> Computer connectivity: a> Connecting to computer is big pain. Its not easy like Android. b> Lumia can not be used as extended Flash drive to PC. You need different software to connect it to PC. I remember, in my old android, i use to connect it to PC and fetch photos and videos via USB cable, but with Nokia life is very complicated. I am yet to figure out, how to connect it to PC. Though I have downloaded 100mb software - Zune, but still its not giving desired result. Pros: 1> There is a feature to double tap on screen to wake-up the screen. No need to hunt for the button to wake-up the screen. 2> Its desktop is conveniently customizable 3> Camera and music is good 4> It gives unlimited access to not so large database of music. (good to have but not impressive) 5> It also give 90 days access to 3000 movies but all old (like DDLJ, Ek tha Tiger kind...). Its not latest. I tried some Hollywood movies but not all are free. (Waste) 6> Battery is good 7> Store - Import apps are available on Store, but have limited variety/ stock. Android collection is far more dynamic and huge then Lumia Store. (not impressive) To summarize, i will say - you buy phone and rest all are its features. But with low ringer and vibration (google it... this is global issue) it defeats the basic purpose of having a mobile. You can go if this issue is not important, but in that case there are Tabs (with call and without call feature) in market. Personally, I will NOT recommend LUMIA to any of my friends and family members. -regards, Tarun
The Nokia Lumia 625 is one of the cheapest 4G phones you can get. It's colourful, stylish and has the same Windows Phone 8 OS as other Lumia phones. However, the screen is disappointingly low in resolution. With a 720p screen this would be a corker. In its current form this is a cheap 4G smartphone. 1.Nokia Lumia 625 – Battery Life It’s not the perfect road warrior, though. The rear may be removable, but you don’t have any access to the battery. It’s a 2,000mAh unit that’s locked into the phone. Battery life is good, though. Naturally, if you’re using 4G (or even 3G) a good deal, you will need to charge this phone every day. However, with light use it will sail through a couple of days’ use without a charge, thanks to the relatively battery-efficient way Windows Phone 8 can operate. The low screen resolution also helps too. The Lumia 625 will play video for about 10 hours constantly off a charge, although as already noted the low resolution means it’s not really as good a video jukebox as the large screen size might suggest. Nokia Lumia 625 – Apps, Games and Performance Apps are not the Lumia 625’s strong point. Windows Phone 8 has the weakest apps and games selection of all the major mobile platforms. If you’re a mobile gaming fiend, stay away. If you’re just after the app basics, the Nokia Lumia 625 does have most bases covered. Facebook, Twitter, Spotify, news reader apps – you’ll find them all on the Microsoft Store. However, you’ll often find that the apps aren’t all that good. For example, the Nokia-optimized YouTube app is nothing more than a link to the YouTube mobile site. Pros and Cons To summarize my experiences and the specifications of the Lumia 625, here are my pros and cons. Pros Affordable price MicroSD memory card expansion slot Latest Windows Phone 8 software Excellent Nokia apps and services Durable and colorful shell Cons Low resolution display Limited RAM Low internal storage memory No wireless charging
On Flipkart services: 5/5 I ordered this mobile last year a week or two ahead of Dewali so that I get my mobile on or before the eve. My bad luck was that it had issues with headset plug wherein left side ear piece voice was not coming. I got that verified from Nokia service center if the issue was of headset or mobile, it was in mobile. I reported to FK shared all the facts and details. FK tech team talked to me and after my few requests they delivered the replacement one day before Dewali...... I am too happy for that FK.... I appreciate this... On Nokia Lumia 625: 4/5 After 2-3 weeks of analysis on net and with friends, the conclusion was to buy an adroid phone. However, on previous day of actually ordering the finalized mobile I went through the advertisement of Lumia 625 and placed the order. After using this piece for more than 6 months I am too happy. Screen: Optimally big screen 4.7", scratch protecting Gorilla glass ... One screen navigation: I have pinned all most all my needed apps on screen and I never need to deep dive for finding apps... or swipe to check notifications Touch: Very responsive.. very good touch sensing device.. at times when I glide my finger over phone it works.... You use it and you love it Camera/Pics quality: Appreciable. Samsung grand & S2 owners around me felt jealous. However, front camera is not so good... but with this price range its okay, I guess Speaker/sound: Average.. but good for users like me who are not music enthusiast... else need to buy good quality headset.. could have been better.. Speaker is not so good Weight: Its heavier than I expected... Nokia could have made little lighter Network connection: Device pulls average signal strength everywhere.. so no probs Operating system: By now am satisfied with Windows 8, Now awaiting for Windows 8.1 Cyan update... the reviews by now sound promising for 8.1 with a lot of innovations... Nokia & Windows apps: Nothing like it.. No complaints.. Though you might not find the loads of apps like in Android but whatever is required is available and is of great quality... fully tested and meeting standards... -> Here Drive & Maps: Believe me or not.. this is something which is like a "Live City guide".. Every turn, petrol pump etc are mentioned accurately... I am new in Delhi and this app helps me to roam around and not get lost... -> MS Office: You can edit the docs and email back.. -> Banking apps - Most of the banking apps are provided in Nokia app store (I use for ICICI & SBI) -> Nokia Camera s/w are awesome -> MixRadio - You can find any song you search for.. Performance: Least response time I have experienced in smartphones... It never hung, no sloppy response even when I use multiple apps while surfing websites simultaneously... I am happy thanks to optimized Wndows OS and well tested Apps available in Nokia store.. Go for it guys... good buy at this price range -- 12-13K
hardly after 2 months of buying Lumia 625 i am stuck with frequent rebooting of phone (which started a week back).. Nokia care simply formated my phone, lost whatever was there in internal memory (except contacts which thankfully I backed up) and the problem is still here. Missing my last phone.. No need to tell importance of phone and consequences of being not reachable.. though to remain holistic I must say that Windows 8 was refreshing till it worked well.
After 30 minutes of hands-on experience on 720 (INR 15,600) & 625 (INR 14,800), a very difficult choice to make between both. At very last moment I decided to buy outdated 720 for brighter screen, better touch and much better cameras. 625 is badly priced. It will be bestseller if it sells @12-13K. Its current market price in Mumbai is 14.8K. Believe me guys, Lumia 625 is a very good phone to buy. For Windows enthusiasts, this is worth your money if you are looking for bigger and brighter display and better looks. x25 series is the latest offering from Nokia, and soon 720 is going to be end-of-life and outdated. Nokia should immediately discontinue 720 and launch 725 as it is killing 625s sale. Overall very good phone as compared to copy-cat SAMSUNG. WP8 has been built from scratch, unlike collaborative free Android. pros: Windows Phone 8 (amber updated) faster 1.2 GHz processor bigger display decent camera in-built HERE MAP, option for offline MAP (main USP of Microsoft) balanced look between funky & decent Cons: No 3G video calling on network (for all Windows phone) Video calling only possible with help of Skype 720 has better touch screen High price No Carl Zeis lens
The phone is very good. Liked it. The touch is wonderful. Have 2 suggestions, 1) The RAM should be Increased (Min 1 GB) 2) Nokia should provide an option to buy a screen guard along with the phone (Some companies do provide the first one for free) ... :)
Lumia 625 is a little bit better than lumia 720 lumia 720 lumia 625 screen 4.29 , 4.7 gorilla glass 1 , gorilla glass 2 processor 1 GHz , 1.2GHz but i don 't think the price is apt for this device.I wish it could be around 18k
Many people here have commented that the price of 625 must have been much lower....while true the actual reason is the depreciation of the rupee. Even Samsung has hiked the prices of it's phones. This phone was originally supposed to retail around 16k but the currency value made it shoot up.
Better go for iPhone, Lumia sucks..!! i'm using one and it has lot of bugs, just search nokia lumia 720 problems, or go to windowsphone.uservoice.com , only the interface looks smooth and design is sleek and stylish, but believe me its halfbaked.. Hardly we have few apps that too have bugs, and more of unofficial apps. (whatsapp sucks even after installing the latest update, it lags and crashes randomly and you cant share audio and video files you can only forward it ).. Rarely you see any updates that too are notified 8-10 hours later or else if you switch the flight mode on off. Lot of lumias are facing automatic restats/shutdowns and crashing.. Very few games(few are under development) out of which mostly are paid, out of which only few GooD games support 512mb devices. No backup option except skydrive.. some devices face some serious problems for which you get only two solution by nokia "sir we need to update the software" rarely it helps.. 2nd " sir it will take us 10-15 days time, we cant help.. :( " if you want to try something new go for it but for a perfect smartphone go for iphone..
Received the product within 3-4 days. 100% genuine product delivered. TAX invoice was within the package. So, think no warranty issues will be faced in future. This phone comes with Windows 8 but updated to 8.1 and other updates also installed successfully. Running smoothly. Battery backup is very good. Getting one and a half day with standard usage. Only drawback of this phone can be the display is little poor. But, the other parameters like hardware, networks, browsing speed, gaming, photo, video etc are good in my opinion. So, can go for this phone and rely on Flipkart also.
ONLY 4G PHONE OF ITS TIME AND GREAT TOUCH AWESOME CAMERA AMAZING SOUND OUTPUT THE ONLY THING LAGS IS POOR FRONT CAMERA AND DOUBLE SIM MISSING
not bad at this price... ram is a bit low but who needs ram if u are on a windows phone... and it comes with the 8.1 cyan....
i love this phone simple,i love this phone simple,i love this phone simple,i love this phone simple,i love this phone simple, it means i am totally satisfied
Service is good b. Igor mobile 13500 ₹. No windows 8.1 update . camera is good . and battery bachup also good . single sim problem . flikart device has 5 star but mobile has only 3 star .
this model display Quality very very worst but clarity its super but in case mobile slip on floor or table immediately display broken ed all most two changed him lots of lost this model
phone is really good one,but out dated.512 MB RAM is too old version.go for nokia lumia 730.it is the best phone still now.
Switching over from blackberry & android platform, Windows 8.1 experience on this device has been a pleasant surprise! Wonderful lag free OS. Nice & easy UI with live tiles. The only glitch the phone or for that matter the OS has, a lack of some fine apps like- the native Gmail & Aldiko-book reader. Otherwise awesome phone for a price range of 10k
happy with the phone after more than a year usauge, especially after 8.1 update. The camera is good at bright environment. Night photos are bad. Video clarity is the best. Hangs at times but not very annoying as its back in action within 10-15seconds.
Nokia lumia 625...an excellent device with a reasonable price.After two months of usage i can definitely say i have no regrets in going with a windows phone.Its a beautiful phone with large screen,decent looks and semi-transparent shell which makes it's overall build quality superb.The phone captures decent pictures though the front camera is only VGA but it not makes a big issue,its good for video calls though.Also the windows store is constantly growing and u can find all popular apps and games in the store.Battery life is also awesome,i hardly charge it for two days gap with continuous net surfing,book reading,playing music and it all goes very well.The touch is also lightening fast. Lastly the most important thing,the Processor-itz superbly fast and impressive,though it shows only 512 MB memory you'll never experience a lag.The phone's internal memory is 8 GB and it do offers a lot of space even after keeping 2 GB for system storage.The phone never experiences a lag for being crowded,i havn't got a memory card yet and have installed all my apps n games in the phone storage and it works beautifully.Believe me..I have an android phone too but its major issue is the storage problem,u just can't store a lot of stuff in Phone's storage which owes to its lag..there is no such problem in windows phone,also u will not find any hanging issues which is a common problem with android phones. Altogether,i would just like to say that go for this if u want real Smartphone experience,u will not be dissapointed..:)
Do not buy any Nokia products as they are not able to provide any after sales services due to lack of spares at their workshops. May be the closing down of their manufacturing plants in India is affecting their ability to provide any repairs and they have run out of spare parts. If your phone develops a problem, you will be made to visit their Nokia care for 3 months after that you will be told that due to non-availability of spares, your phone can not be repaired. STAY AWAY FROM ANY NOKIA PRODUCTS.
ordinary performance.. great build and design.. camera pics only good in ample light.. makes u long for higher end lumias.. also, less apps on the windows store in comparison to android.. but the apps are visually more appealing.. :)
great phone.. using it for more than 8 months and i am very happy.. good service by flipkart.. pros: awwesome camera quality and clarity good resolution nice look cons: bad sound
The phone is overpriced for its specs.. C'mon, low resolution display, 512 mb ram, 5 mp camera at nearly 14k?? Moto G, Xolo Play and Xiaomi offer 4 times the spec for the same price.. No one with brain would buy this..
I have had a very pleasant experience working with this phone; had heard alot about Win OS 8.1 and surely found it better in many counts over Android. I bought it for my father who doesn't use many Apps and so the lack of as many Apps in WinStore isn't as big a problem. Pros: the form n feel of the phone is superb; the UI (touch) is very responsive; it was very easy to transfer my contacts from old phone using an inbuilt utility; working with live tiles is a great experience Cons: Apart from lack of apps (like the official Yahoo app), I found that the upper part of phone sometimes became very hot, especially diring using the speakers...that's about it, can't think of anyoyher short commings!
what hell is this phone. sometimes hanging .at first it is goo .now i want throw it in dustbin do not buy .there are other phones better than this 65
simply to say , the product is awesome .. with extra size , extra power , extra resolution.. great to use .. a comfortable mobile for what you pay. Worthy model.. the sound quality is good and the clarity of the camera is also good
The Nokia 625 is Too Good and it is so slim and after new update its working so good. And Gaming also working very well .
Product is awesome buy on March 2014 Quality, Price, Experience with the phone touch (Very nice), all features very good. Buy same another lumia 625 on Sep'14. rating 5 out of 5
Strictly avoidable product. First, the shipped product was faulty. Flipkart promptly replaced it - quite impressed by their service then. And now within months of buying this, charging point/USB point/Whatever that is called is malfunctioning. Phone does not charge easily. I guess with the product has some serious flaws or the seller has all the faulty products and is selling via flipkart. Nokia - you have lost a loyal customer forever.
Using since 10 days no complaints. Phone initially came with Widows 8.0 but I have updated to 8.1 without any issues.
The phone is awesome. There is no lag. Camera is pretty good. You can also record videos in 1080p which is great. You can upgrade it to Windows 8.1 which solves all the issues of windows 8 like notification bar etc.... but the main feature of this mobile is its Gaming. it supports almost every game without any issues. Take my advice and get this mobile ASAP.
Slim phone, Corning Gorilla Glass Screen, Excellant Touch. The Only Problem is Battery Life. Overall Excellant Phone.
product received in goo condition. Got it delivered within 3days. phone looks like grand in hands and luxury in pocket. lumia - fast mobile in internet and synchronised with facebook is awesome.
Amazing Screen resolution for the clarity, Nice camera apps for Photos. Multitasking is good, vibrant smooth touch quality, good battery life.
Its cool windows phone with cool features, its enoughf for daily use, I would rate 5 for UI, I like windows UI, But i received Defective product even after replacement, Phone is awesome , I feel Ram is an issue as you cant wait for every app to resume, over priced .. 4/5 for phone ;
I ordered this phone with high hope that I will get the product on time. In Vain!!!!! They keep on extending the delivery date with xyz reason which force me to cancel and asked for refund. I have given enough days to deliver it but I was so helpless. So much of hassle in locating the product and sending false message that I will get the product on this and that day. That was joke!!!!! Guys never buy anything You never know when will you get trap.
I am playing 'Guardians of the sky' , during I got a call, it hanged during that call. I cant cut the call, and I cant lift any call.. after long time waiting, I restarted the mobile. After that it is slow in performance.
can find no defect.. good product.. only with 1 defect that we can't transfer files with bluetooth to other handsets.. only option to receive is there!!
Up-till now this one is the best value for money. Its now updated to windows 8.1 OS and working super fine. Look and feel wise superb. Best is the battery lasting benefit that's wonder. The most important function that cant be matched by any other smart phones is the touch, Its super smooth and you can operate it with a little touch of your nail even. Its applied to all nokia phones. Unbelievably fast having a 512 mb Ram. It actually never lagged or hanged in last 5 months having tons of app installed where Samsung really really fails. As I am a Samsung mobile fan but still I recommend phone byres to please at least watch and operate any Nokia Lumia phones once before making a purchase decision.
I had bought this mobile just before a month still now i didn't find any problem with my mobile.. It is good
Good build quality, smooth performance, fast browsing and downloading, no lags. Only negative point is the Camera, Photo quality is not like even a 5MP. Battery drains very fast while using GPS navigation, otherwise gives backup of more than 24 hrs with 3G.
nice experience so i will prefer to buy any product form you and your service and your shipment is on time so i like it
i got a Lumia 720 from Flipkart allmost 4 months back.The phone gets hung every now and then and i was planning to exchange it with some other brand.last day the front touch panel cracked when the phone fell down.Worst thing is that the front glass along costs 8.2K ( and the phone was bought for 16K!!)
i bought this mobile before a month.it is very amazing,very stylish,very attractive screen.when compared to android mobiles this is best for rough use,fast internet connections.you can check with any android mobile to this mobile,this is the fastest internet connections.my friend having moto g,when compared to that, lumia 625 internet connection and access is very fast.battery backup also good.no hanging in this mobile.big screen with nokia brand name make you feel better.most of the android mobiles hanging after one year,windows cannot do this.vedio HD quality is super.for document read and editing this is the best mobile.your budget is below 15k means, surelly and confidently can by this mobile.for long time use,fast internet connections,stylish,games this is good.thanks for flipkart to deliverd my in 2 days.
The Lumia 625 is a good phone with acceptable features and great value for money. It works well with minimal lag and is able to handle all Windows 8 application easily. Although recently the phone did conk off and refused to switch on even after charging for a long time, luckily since it was under warranty we took it to a Nokia Care center where they sent the phone back to Nokia and the handset was replaced without a fuss. Overall experience with the phone has been good and the experience with flipkart has been excellent!!
really really good phone excellent quality phone pros 1. Windows Phone (tiles,no lagging definitely better than any android phone) 2. Awesome gaming experience. 3. Excellent camera and flash cons 1.No file manager ps i really do not know what other people mean by no apps i have used android and win and barring a few UNECESSARY APPS it has got almost all apps
As usual flipkart delivery service was super quick, Coming to product this is the best phone in this range but windows will have to work on their application there are some bugs which need to be fix hope they will fix it soon, but u will never regret for purchasing Lumia 625 it is simply awesome.
Product is awesome....!!!! Very smooth touch interface, internet explorer working very fine, lots of applications, Microsoft office, upgraded to windows 8.1 and other apps also upgraded with the help of wi-fi connection in no time. It's review of Nokia 625 and not flipkart services: I wanted a phone for my Official purpose and also to prepare for entrance mainly Civil Services, there are apps which gives me newspaper and Office is superb u've one-note and evernote to make ur own notes, but the only con that I've found till now is that it lacks a good pdf reader which is very important. It has one but not upto the mark. Hope Microsoft upgrades it. My rating wud ve been 4.5 but since it's not available so 4. I'm 100% satisfied with the product and quality.
I am one of the old Nokia fan who started using mobile phones with Nokia. Had used 2-3 different models earlier before I shifted to Samsung due to android options. Though even Samsung is Good but I was missing some what sturdy handset. In recent times after Microsoft taking over Nokia, looks like they are trying to come back by reviving their products. Nokia Lumia 625 seems to be one of the Good outcome. I got this product from Flipkart within 48hrs. Excellent packing & delivery commitment - Full marks to them. Absolutely no issues. Regarding Nokia 625; I am using it for last few months & it's a very Good product. Design & lookwise it seems better than any other Samsung phones. Difficult to compare it with apple as the class changes. But regarding user friendly in comparison to Android phones, I think still there is further scope for improvement. But with this product it looks like Nokia is surely making a serious efforts to gain back the old glory days. Best Luck to them.
Very good product..good packaging..good mobile & happy to use this mobile. This mobile is using Qualcom processor and using for last 6 month without any problem
The phone is very good. Its very easy to use thanks to windows. Very quick and no lag.Games are really smooth. Since its 4G it can last for some years. Technology will not get outdated as you get constant windows updates. Pros :- 1) 1.2 Ghz Processer really quick. 2) Pure view in Camera is crazy. You'l Enjoy playing with it. Phones like Lumia 720 , 820, 630, and 525 do NOT have Pureview. Its is only in the Lumia 920 , 930 and 625 and other high ends. 3) Big screen and WVGA display does not feel bad. Its pretty clear and great. So dont worry about low ppi.Windows eco system rocks. 4) A lot more APPs than before. Windows store growing at a fast rate. Apps are enhancd to run in 512 MB Ram and NO LAG. 5)Windows 8.1 along with Cortana makes my day. 6) Super sensitive Touch is awesome. Cons : - 1) No NFC 2) SAR Value little high.
i brought this 15th July from Flifkart in 1 day delivery,some dispute i look this phone that is the display is poor at lumia brand,i think Microsoft take Nokia there after all phone quality comes down.5 mp camera to low at its category its should be 8 mp,Battery good,verry first proccer,after 8.1 upgrade its support so many apps.sound quality is most most fine.menu ,back,serch key are not light switch like lumia 720,so in night to use very peoblem.
Good service by flipkart and phone is fluid,vibrant and classy.. need some improvements which i hope will come after 8.1 update.
I am using this mobile from last 3 months. worth the money. GO for it. Have no issues till now. I am happy with the purchase.
No words for this awesome phone!!!!! just only one thing u should remember is Lumia 625 is the windows phone.
Good Budget Phone. First time buying a Win phone so did not know what to expect. But I have been using it for a few weeks now and am getting the hang of it. Excellent Service from Flipkart and WS Retail.
Worst Mobile. Highly Priced And No Performance. Only 512MB Ram. Screen Always Faded No Matter What You increase The brightness or not. Windows Again loss Big Time. Then Again No Developers Preview Available Unless You Pay 1600 Bucks To Register Yourself As A Developer..
Probably the best ever phone of Nokia Lumia Series under16k It looks great becoz of its large screen (4.7 ") so whenever i used to play games or listening music while traveling people always used to ask me which phone im using and I proudly say to them its Nokia Lumia 625 & its performance is incredible. If ur wondering why it is having only 512 RAM then i can say only 1 thing even High End Games run so smoothly it does not require 1GB or more RAM at least it doesn't lag like android phones even its having a dedicated graphics for playing games. Best part of dis phone is Nokia Drive and 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Processor .Nokia Drive is turn-by-turn Drive nav app with GPS technology and the best part its free. Nokia Radio Mix is quite impressive becoz of its music on demand & many more features to be availed . So my honest opinion to go for this kind of devices becoz android is becoming unreliable day by day, that why i m deliberately moving to some other platforms and this device is quite reliable. So, Nokia Lumia 625 you rock man 5 stars frm my side.
One of the best windows phone considering the price and the features it contains. I have been using since 4 months and have not faced any issue. The battery backup is also good.
In my family it is 4th Nokia phone and worst. I have bought this from Nokia store. But within 6 months i need to change its speaker. Though as it was under warranty period, they didn't charge for it. They same problem repeated consecutively for 3 months. So I had to rush there service center 3 times for the same issue and they took 1 day every time to change the speaker. Then in the 4th month its display got damaged. And I have never dropped it or something that can damage the cell, still have to face so much issues. After 3 times of same issue service center did not bother to change the product. And finally as warranty period was about to expire I had to purchase extended warranty. Also it is very difficult to remove the back cover and sim card. As it uses micro sim so whenever the service center kept the cell for repairing I could not use the sim in other phones. Please do some Google and you can find that speaker is a very common problem for all Lumia sets. Some good points are it hangs less. If the speaker and display working properly, it is good in all other aspects. More apps are available now on windows phone.
Touch was smooth and nice to use. Apps are working nice, RAM is much enough its not hanging as a android mobiles. Excellent battery backup continues usage of internet it will get one day. Clear view of images and videos. Net speed also very good while using 2G. One and only con is sound, only normal sound in music and videos.
Buy this phone and you will not regret it... •Full HD (1080p) video recording on Lumia 625 •PureMotion screen with 60Hz refresh rate •Lumia 625 is 4G ready, Lumia 625 comes with Nokia Amber update pre-installed and BlueTooth 4.0 pre-enabled. Nokia Music subscription is for 6 months with Lumia 625 * Great look, Great build, Superb design. * Really Large screen. Big enough to clearly surf internet, read books or watch movies. You don't actually need bigger screen than this for a mobile. * The touch of the phone is superb. I can easily handle it even wearing hand gloves. * You will love the interface of Window 8, if you are a first time user. * The camera is real good. I don't think, you buy a camera mobile to be a professional photographer or so. For that you have to go for expensive cameras from sony/nikon blah blah. In a 15k camera mobile you expect a decent camera which captures clear and decent quality image. Lumia 625 serves you very well in this category. The flash is also very good. The low light images are also good. Not as good as the day light images though. * HD Video recording. this is a real good feature of this phone. When you see the videos in your laptop, its real pleasure. * The Speaker is good, real loud and clear. * Battery back up is another great thing of this wonderful device. You charge it full, You use it for a whole 10-12 hrs, playing games, listening songs, surfing nets, which was like a dream when I used to have an android device. * Window phone doesn't hang. Processing speed is fast. Lumia 625 is definitely a smart choice... Buy now or regret later .. ;)
the product was good and on time delivery
First of all thanks to Flipkart for awesome service. I was not expecting such a great service. I bought Lumia 625 for windows but Nokia and windows didn't go well with me. Won't talk to much technical, but essential things for day to day use. About Phone : I find it heats up very quickly especially when you use skype or viber or internet 3G services. I was unable to hold it near ears. Even metallic part of earphone use to get heat up. Flipkart replaced me the unit but the new one had same problem plus its speakers went off after 10 days. Had a very bad experience with Nokia care earlier and this time it was the same. Nokia care fellow carelessly told heating is normal with the phone and no solution for it. I dont know what will happen if I use 4G service. About Window, If you are regular android user, don't even look at windows 8. Not even for a change.Very pathetic interface. You will miss android every single day. Few important things to note: 1) No file manager/ explore : Means you will never know where your stuff is in the phone. Available in store but not free, you need to pay for it. 2) No support for .mkv, .avi files. Players available in store but again pay for it. For me, no reason to buy such a phone which will make me pay for these basic features. 3) Gmail interface is poor. Most important you can't attach files (except images) in mail. Especially if you have to attach something (except images) in your reply, it is next to impossible. 4) No antivirus. 5) 512 MB RAM is problem. With more no. of applications you definitely will realize it. 6) You can't send video files on what app. 7) Nobody (including Nokia care) fellows know where whats app back up is stored. 8) Every time you need to connect PC to do small things; like changing the name of the phone, moving files.
Though its very nice product..but sound speaker is not up to the mark..its too low infact not audible without headphone except a silent room. Disappointed a lot for that :(
I guess now it would make more sense to go for 630, however for me 625 is doing the job perfectly. The touch sensitivity, screen size, display, sound, performance, battery back up are all good. It's been more than 4 months that i have been using the phone and have no complaints on the performance. Only disappointing feature is the Camera. It's not so great. If you can live without it, then you can go for this phone :)
I really like this phone..performance is very good it dos'nt hangs at all..easy user interface very easy to operate..i will recomenned this phone to my friends.
For those guys who have got vexed up with android and wanna try a change.. I would suggest you to pick Windows as their new try. And I wasn't disappointed, I must agree! Dont have to worry about the Product being packed and delivered. For it is excellently taken care by the retailers and Flipkart! In this range Lumia 625 gives you excellent features and makes your buy, worth the price!
It is good phone for this price. Flipkart's delivery is always on time. Thanks Flipkart. This phone justify the price. The only problem I feel it being a little bit heavier and no static IP configuration in Widows Phone is a twinge. I am using this phone and I am satisfied with the performance till now.
I purchased nokia phone few months ago and suddenly one day I found phone was dead. My phone never fell down. After this I checked about it on Internet and found 4-5 such cases on company website also. On going to customer service centre they said it happend because my volume key was broken. I said I handled my set carefully so they said it could even happen if you press our keys with pressure. Till date I am unable to understand how volume key is related todead set. It is similar doctor saying person is dead because it nail has broken. Nokia is total waste of money
Good mobile.... have many good features like FHD recording, good camera, fast processing... touch is smooth, has enough internal memory.... User friendly... But windows should have provided more versatile and variety of apps for it...
Pros:- 1) Big screen adequate for daily use 2) Good Music quality 3) Fast processing 4) Build quality 5) Availability of Popular apps 6) Smoothest Touch 7) Offline Here maps Cons:- 1) Half baked OS from microsoft, trying to jail us like ios 2) Bad app ecosystem and some worst quality apps. Bad refund Policy of marketplace practically None 3) Screen resolution is bad when compared with screen size 4) Bulky 5) Mediocre camera.....Honestly we buy Nokia for Hardware and camera if nokia cant provide good camera at this range what is the point of buying Nokia. 6) Excruciatingly bad Headphones 7) No travel adaptor old styled adaptors only pin replaced by MIcro USB 8) Cant find USB tethering Verdict :- Missing my Android :( thank god atleast i have an IPOD touch 5G Microsoft is killing Windows OS by jailing us and not checking app quality, Kids COrner needs password, Family safety location, Find My Phone only gimmicks not fully available as a complete product.
Its really a good product from Nokia. Now it would be more smart as windows 8.1 update for lumia 625 is about to be released this month. just google for "mobileswhisper lumia 625 windows 8.1 update"
Thanks to Flipkart's In-a-day Guarantee delivery option I ordered this phone on Saturday and received it on Sunday. Now moving on to why I purchased this phone when Moto G was in stock, was I got bored of using Android and wanted to buy a Windows phone, and I made the right choice. Its processor is same of moto g, gpu is same, camera is similar, just RAM is 512mb, but compared to Android it Windows requires less RAM, so no issues. I fell in love with this phone as soon as I held it in my hand. The build quality is preety good, prefered this phone over Lumia 630 because of its dimensions, it looks rich when held in hand, or even when it is resting on table. Plus 630 doesn't have flash or secondary camera. Coming to specs, till now I didn't feel that 512mb RAM is less. The device is fast enough. -Battery life is very good. -Camera is good as compared to other 5MP camera's. - Voice quality is decent. - Got ebooks and movie subscription plus 3gb 3g data with this device. -Plus, just hold it in your hand and you will get a different but good feeling. Its UI is rich, like the tiled arrangement. -Windows is very easy to operate. -Other specifications are available over internet. So, if you got bored of Android and its lagging issues then its time to switch on to windows and if your budget is tight go for this device or go for 630.
it's performance is amazing don't get carried away by rumours. pros : 1) very slim 2) very fast net speed 3) easily updated to 8.1 4) high performance cons : 1) camera performance is ok 2) flash is just ok
I have been using this phone since a month now and have fallen in love with it. I have used an android device for almost 3 years and now when I planned to get a new one, I was kind of inclined towards a window phone to get a different taste. I have been using this phone for a couple of months now and have fallen in love with it. My budget was around 15K, my basic requirements were GOOD LOOKS,FRONT CAMERA, GOOD SURFING SPEED. It took me a while to choose between all the phones in this price range, it was tough. I have this kind of thinking that when I am spending as much as 15k bucks for a phone, I will prefer spending it on brands like Nokia/ HTC/ Motorola or Sony. So in this way my options already got a bit filtered. Before making this purchase from flipkart, I really confused between MOTO G or Lumia 625 but finally Lumia was my choice i brought it at just 13K but now it is available for more than 14K only. As per my experience with this beautiful device, the pros are: * Great look, Great build, Superb design, Awfully slim :O. * Really Large screen. Big enough to clearly surf internet, read books or watch movies. You don't actually need bigger screen than this for a mobile. Else it gets difficult to handle. * The touch of the phone is superb. * You will love the interface of Window 8, if you are a first time user(This is also one of the reasons that I brought it). * The camera is real good. I like the Nokia Smart Cam Feature. In a 15k camera mobile you expect a decent camera which captures clear and decent quality image. Lumia 625 serves you very well in this category. The flash is also very good. The low light images are also good. Not as good as the day light images though. * I played Six Guns on this device and it was really smooth experience. * The Speaker is good, real loud and clear. * Battery back up is another great thing of this wonderful device. You charge it full, You use it for a whole 10-12 hrs, playing games, listening songs, surfing nets. * Window phone doesn't hang. Processing speed is fast. * The gorilla glass looks awesome on the mobile. You will not feel the need to spend your money on buying a scratch guard for it seriously.I BROUGHT IT ANY WAY. Cons : * 512 MB Ram (However it does seems to have any effect on its performance that i can notice). Lumia 625 is definitely a very good buy!
No words to express my frustration wasted 14K :( What to say no battery backup no proper apps to download whats app always says there dismiss phone
I don't know why there are so many complaints with this phone. I have been using this phone for 6 months now and I am delighted with it, it runs as fast as it did when I first brought it. I have been using android for 2 years previously and they always develop lag over time, which gets highly irritating. Secondly, if you are complaining on the low-res display and lesser ram, then why did you not research the product before buying it. Yes, it is a tad expensive at 18k but since I got it at 16k , I felt it worth it, and now it is totally worth it Another great advantage is the big screen, with corning gorilla glass 2, which is a joy to use with the supersensitive touch. You can easily use this with gloves, I have tried it Here maps and here drive is a big boon, you can use it with no mobile data whatsoever. I tried this when I went to south Africa recently, and not only did it give me perfect voice directions, but also gave me speed limit warnings and 3d landmarks, which I did not expect, and not once did it give me wrong directions Windows phone is a great operating system and is a joy to use with its interface remarkably simple and clean, once you know how to use it This phone also supports 4g, and although i have never tried it out, 3g is blazingly fast and the internet explorer installed uses minimal data You also have added goodies, like the phone reading out texts to you which I find useful if I am driving on my scooter Yes it has its cons of a low res screen and no clearblack display, and the 512mb ram, but if you aren't too much into heavy gaming its actually not a problem. In fact I can easily play asphalt 8 and halo waypoint on this The battery is just fabulous and lasts all day without any problem All in all this is a great phone with the always reliable nokia build quality and excellent calling. Its a great buy and I don't regret it one bit
Music & Network Problem, Otherwise its good, Never hang for last 2 months ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
very good product. And excellent delevery time.....................................................................................................................
mobile is good but the item will be shipped will have something that will make it a bad deal. i bought it and found out that buttons are not even close to be working properly,, bull shit
very sleek and stylish...loud speaker volume is less....speaker volum less...can't send file through skype directly from gallery...
* fantastic looks , * marvelous graphics ,and * very long back up * nokia is the brand
Nokia Lumia 625 is an awesome Phone - Wide screen - Photo clarity - Sleek and easy to handle - Fast Navigation I also got Freebies like Flipkart e-books and Unlimited Music download from Nokia Store, which as is simply superb.
does comes with any cheap open source OS. best in class. highly recommended. screen is bit large but rest of the performance is just awesome
good phone. Windows is better than android, Asphalt runs without lagging. Super sensitive touch. Screen looks like as it is floating in air. Camera apps are awesome.
Its a nice mobile, windows is all time good OS. Nokia hardware is incredible there is no doubt about it. * Display is nice, * Battery is good enough, whole day i will connect data, i play games, music but still battery give one day back up. * out speaker loud.. * still waiting for windows 8.1 os...
Nokia Lumia 625 is a good option for buyers who want to spend 12K to 15K.. Cons:- 1.It is a budget phone but RAM of the device is quite low compared to other devices. Its RAM is 512MB. 2.The back part of the device gets heated.(Happens with all Nokia Lumia Devices) 3.Being a Windows OS device,This device has "Windows Store" where there is shortage of Apps and games. Pros:- 1.Screen of this device makes it different from any other device at this budget. Size of the screen is 4.7"(in inches) which makes it unique. 2.No laggs even after running maxmimum processes. 3.Touch is really better than other devices. 4.As this is a windows phone and is operated on Windows 8(Windows 8.1 Develepers preview).This device eats really less RAM. I m gonna rate this device with 4 stars.
All the goodness of a nokia phone , no hanging issues ok camera, nive battery life no heating issues like some android devices.
My third month in progress , no issues with the phone, good camera quality, good screen size (you can read e books comfortably) the broad size gives you that feeling of reading on a kindle... rest all basic fuctions run well...
This phone is really quick. Faster than Lumia 720. With optimum size display. you can change the saturation and contrast of the display and that makes it really good. If you compare the displays of nokia devices with that of Micromax or Xolo, you will notice a massive difference. you wud realize that there is lot more to displays than just 'ppi'. There are a few problems with the windows OS, one of which is you cannot send videos by bluetooth. then, there is no file explorer, even in Windows 8.1. That sucks, the microsoft is adamant, they won't change it. Apps are lesser than that of android, but the apps which are there, you will find it much more fun to use the app on windows than on android because of the way it is designed. It gives you a premium feel. Overall, I would give a thumbs-up to the phone.
pros 1. Camera 2. big screen & appearance 3. hardware 4. software(windows 8.1) 4. easy to use 5. battery cons 1. Touch Panel issue 2. sound 3. headset
plz friends suggest me which one is best lumia 625 or lumia 720 plz i am so confused about these two sets some people psot reviews that in lumia 720 we can not sahr videos and photos,some body post there is no video calling in lumia 720 i want to know facts about this and also about lumia 625 only those users give me answer who used these both sets and then comparing these two sets told me the facts
512 MB RAM for Rs.15000 is really disappointing. Though not for games, for speed response it is a must to have 1GB RAM
I bought this phone on Christmas Last Year It cost me 16500. This Phone is overall a decent buy if you are Nokia Fan and like taking videos or playing games. Quick Specs: 4.7" screen 1.2 Ghz krait dual core processor 512 MB Ram(You wont Feel the need for a 1GB Ram) 42.2Mbps download speed(that's way above 3G) And my favourite Spec-Full HD video recording Yes 1920*1080p The Phone feels very good on Hands as it is very slim, The touch is silky smooth, no lags during running of various applications(I told you so, no need for a 1GB ram) The 2000mah battery is decent lasting for over 2 days during normal uses including 3G web browsing You can play games continuously for about 8-10 hrs on a single full charge Video Recording is awesome Sound quality is exceptional on earphones and decent without it The only problem is the Camera, I don't know why but Nokia seems to have forgotten putting in a decent camera in this phone while other models both mid range and high range have exceptional camera for ex; Lumia 720 & 925 also I forgot to mention their is a front VGA camera for selfies and video chats and pretty decent considering its a front camera Pros: Nice display, smooth touch Very Good processor exceptional video quality in this price range decent battery life Its still is a Nokia so you cant question the quality and durability(it has Gorilla Glass too) Cons: Poor Camera quality(although photos in bright light in daylight look good) Overall its the best buy in this price range if you are not a photo freak and for those who think that android is better and windows is not easy to use and we can't send files over bluetooth and all that Gross think again. Lol
Fast Downloading Speed: 42.2Mbps,Windows Phone 8,looks attractive...excellent display... very colorful set... RAM is 512 MB...but that is no problem... RAM and Processor are both in a perfect combination.
good product at best price, iam enjoying my smart phone experience with this product and iam happy with it.
I got a 625 recently and very pleased with it. First off all i want to share my flipkart experience I ordered previous day night and surprisingly i got my phone on next day afternoon. It was really great experience with full satisfaction. It is not for everyone mind you. I always felt I needed a super processor speed. We tend to stare at the screen more and I feel that if you are staring at a phone screen surely that is a massive compromise if you spend more time on that than on the phone. The camera is a bit of a let down, , but the apps are generally pretty decent. The screen is much better, bigger display leads to a bigger keypad - mercifully. It's a good phone, worth the price paid for it..
First of all i would give credits to flipkart for their delivery service, kudos to flipkart.Coming back to the topic people say its low on resolution but i say it doesn't matter and i didn't see any sort of resolution problem.The camera is good but the macro mode is exceptionally great.Voice call is clear,browsing is also good, and it does not lag too and another big feature is the brand name Nokia.Touch is as smooth as butter. I would rate this phone an 8 8/10
Hello Freinds pls think Twice before u buy a android device Did u really use all the Fetures or all the time you play a game if Ans is no then Lumia is the best option for u guys because its have a no legs and the build quality is Excellent then y u need cheap plastic Samsung go for Lumia . and the upgradation is coming in june for all the Lumia device. then you can customize ur hall Lumia Device. its work suparb in 2g network mean while android device need 3G.
It's a really great phone. Looking for a budget phone? This is the fucking shit. I bought this phone just for 12.7K. The camera is too good, full HD video recording. The processor is just about ok to play most of the major games. Shitloads of apps! GO FOR IT.
I had booked this phone on 27 april2014 and i got the delivery on next day.....THANX FLIPKART FOR FASTER DELIVERY ABOUT PHONE: phone looks very decent . processing speed, screen quality,toch,sensors are very good But there are some cons also: 1)Camera quality is not up to the mark 2)There is no option for network modes 3g only,2g only etc.We can select data speed between 2g,3g and 4g but as the 2g network is always stronger than 3g, phone doesn't show 3g network...So I've been forced to use 2g net speed even I have 3g data plan So plz confirm all details before buying it windows8 experience is very good Now choice is yours THANK YOU!!
I have received this product 1 month back from Flipkart, the pros and cons as per me is : Pros : Sensative touch (smooth) Good battery backup All the necessary soft is available in the Store Big screen Hardware quality is good Net connectivity is good Camera function is good Kids corner is good option Cons: In whatsapp it took lot of time to download the video and sharing the video, also exit frequently not allowed to download the songs and video from site Here map is not functionining File manager is missing All application are stored in internal memory, even songs fron Nokia Music Other than default tones for ring, msg, email, it not allowed to use other ringtones or music If nokia provides the updates to solve the above issue in 8.1 version, than i think it is a good mobile.
lumia 625 is a admirable handset. its RAM is little bit less 512mb but the handset working proprly while playing asphalt 7 like games. as well as processor is also not best but all apps are working with ease. its a slim bar stylish phone. camera with flash is nice.
amazing product......thak you flipkart for amazing delivery......after using this phone for around 24 hours one thing i definitely like about this product is battery,Itabout 30% after 24 hours of usage. Touch is good, main issues is with look which definitely doesnt have core nokia feel. also ram should have been better.
It is a nice fone but,it have not a icici mobile banking application.I purchase this fone for official use.But lack of these application,i feel very unhappy
I was already used lumia 710 having some difficulty level to use but in Lumia 620 all the drawback are resolved like: Bluetooth sharing with another mobile Hindi font support More application and game in free excellent camera free offline map(Nokia drive)
Got delivered in time, Packing is good. and got the product price best with the competition. Booked with App. also best app i have ever seen and Tracking mechanism is aswosem. Getting regular update on dispatch. I love it the way Flipkart is doing.. Good Job Guys !!! Keep up the great work.. Happy with the service.
Guys instead of this phone you should go for moto g. This phone is also good but camera is just ok ok. Games like temple run 2, subway surfurs cant be played on this phone because it requires 1 GB RAM.. So its upto you if you are a nokia lover then only you must go for this device.. Else everything is good on this phone.
It is a great phone, I just love it. Mind blowing...... what a camera, touch, slim and much more.... with 4g support.....
hi frnds... pls. tell to me which one is better than this nokia lumia 625.. samsung grand duos or grand 2. bcse i like to buy these one model just confused so pls tell to me if u r all verified thanks
First things first, Flipkart service has been amazing & the mobile has been delivered to be in 36 hours. Over the last 3-4 years I have been shopping with Flipkart and my confidence has been just increasing. Be it books, electronics, accessories, etc. - Flipkart really rocks. Coming to the mobile, I have been using Lumia 710 since March 2012 & really like the lumia interface. Last October (2013), I switched to Samsung S Duos 7562 to get myself familiar with Android OS/Devices. I have not really been happy with lag & I understand that only 15K + handsets offer seamless experience for Android OS. Hence I had no reason to hesitate when I found that Lumia 625 has 512 MB RAM, but I was confident that it is more than enough for Windows Phone 8. (I am not an avid Gamer). Now the highlights of the phone - Full HD video recording, 4.7 inch screen, fluidic & very smooth touch experience, of course metro UI style. Though it has 512 MB RAM, it is highly recommended for casual gamers.
worst os...don't buy this phone.............am using it...i don't find best apps..............am goinhg to usebad words for dis...bcoz it asking 100 chars....
Nokia customer care service is not listen to the problems of there customer .before buying any Nokia product please ensure customer care in is trusted.. Otherwise they even damage you phone's hardware as they done to my phone and now Nokia is not accepting it...:(
1st toh Flipkart service is amazing....they said me that product will b delivered in 4-5days but i received my product in just 2days....but without bill (hope they send me bill later) i have used android,ios n windows phones.. but i likd lumia phones for there battery n cam i m using lumia 720 frm yr..its amazing den i also ordered lumia 625 its a gud ph...battery is superbb ...cam is decent..n also ur gettin 4g for this price. believe me guys...lumia is best ph....windows market is boosting up daily... in starting u will feel bored aftr switchin frm android to windows...but aftr a while u will njoyy.. hence flipkart is superbbb....
Nice phone value for many i really like this product and u guys give a great dill so i am happy to have this thanks.
Hi guys this is the nice smartphone, no hanging problem bcz this is nokia yaar nice display gorilla glass protection very good camere 5mp and so more features........
touch experience is great --- battery life 1 and half days --- browsing is much faster -- camera quality little down but video recording awesome ----- good product
Lumia 625 works quiet smooth. Has 4g lte support. Decent battery backup. I loved the user interface. Although Ram is only 512MB, Gaming and browsing are quiet impressive. Did not saw any lag. Screen size is 4.7 and colors are decent. I will recommend this phone if your budget is 13K. Its fits in this price tag. I am an android user from past 3 years. Believe me you will love Windows interface more than anything.
Thank you, WS Retail! I had to return, Flipkart & WS assisted smoothly. Working great now. Loving it.
I ordered this phn using one day delivery systm. Well i must say i got it by next day so . GREAT JOB FLIPKART. Now about phone, its an average phn. Low camera, low ram, display quality is good, camera features are gud sply nokia smart cam but camera quality is not enough good and bcz this phn has less ram nd low ram speed so it takes few secnds to resume any app even whats app ( even if you switch between chats it takes time to resume and open) but ones it open it works good for example its gallery irrespect of the size of the pic its works grt. So its an average phn ...
Camera quality is poor and screen resolution is also not good.RAM should be 1GB at this price. Screen size and look of the phone is very good.For show off its very good but the phone is crap at this price.
The order came in "within" 24 hrs. 625 is large, but slim and heavy, not for people who prefer smaller and lighter phones. Amazing battery life (although wi-fi, bluetooth & location services do suck up a li'l charge but it's gonna last more than what you'd expect), crisp graphics & (for the first time in the history of mankind) an OS that keeps everything organized. Front facing camera MAY look dull, but the pictures are cool. Touch screen experience rivals that of the iPhone. All in all it's a product worth buying if you have a limited budget and do not care about large, slim and heavy phones (feels 2-3 gms lighter than the iphone 3gs).
Not a good phone to buy. Not worth of its price. A big screen also requires a good resolution, which it lacks. Other features are not too exciting and may be a failure for Nokia.
u purchased any item from flipcart gurantee assured replacement assured without any problem this is good quility of marketing of flipcart
pros: Processor 1.2GHz Big screen display Better Battery cons: camera quality is not good when compared to lumia 720 if u go for camera lumia 720 is the best when compared to all d phones in the market
i bought it from flipcart...it just bapok..i fell the touch....nice phn in a great price..thanks to nokia.and flipcart also..
Win 8 is great,smooth,easy to use.battery is awesome.cons of win 8:cant attach pdf in email,xbox media player is not good,only good vid player in store is moli player which is a paid app,pocket file manager is the only file manager in store which also comes for a price...however waiting for 8.1 which will be good.rest everything is cool.games r superb in xbox.
So far this device performs great, big screen is a huge benefit Apps in The windows store is increasing, definitelty works smoother than android phones of the same price range, hope to get WP 8.1 update for this phone
EXCELLENT PHONE, WELL PACKED AND DELIVERED AS PROMISED. UNFORTUNATELY THE CHARGER HAD SOME ISSUES WHICH WERE RESOLVED BY FLIPKART EXECUTIVES BY GIVING ME A CREDIT. GOT A NICE BARGAIN ALONG WITH A LOVELY HANDSET. CHEAPER THAN MY RETAILER KNOWN TO ME OFFERING THE SAME AT A HIGHER PRICE.
i bought NOKIA lumia 625 from flipkart 2 weeks ago... pros: 1) nice windows experience, 2) processing speed, no hanging cons 1) battery is not up to the mark of nokia... it is drying out very quickly i use fr 2-3 hrs browsing via wifi, and listening songs fr 1hr, playing games fr 1 hr.. done battery over .. 2) not able to watch one complete movie even when started with 100% charging 3) feel little heavy in weight
first of all i would appreciate flipkart's service and commitment. gr8 wrk keep it up.. now about the product... Lumina 625 a good phone at the price flipkart is offering. Big screen, gorilla glass, radio,etc features and yes battery is non removable
Plus : Awesome Touch ,Nice look, enough Size , Good Camera, amazing 1080p HD Recording Minus : Low Resolution for 4.7 inch large Screen
I Spoke to Flipkart Person. He is telling this is 3g Mobile. But in Nokia Website it is Showing Nokia Lumia 625 G Mobile. So pls confirm 4G or 3G
Awesome Phone at reasonable price and very nice user interface Only one thing is bad that is screen resolution
As usual Flipkart proved its service is always best and in time. As soon as am done with the payment,i was informed delivery will be late by a week.Seller needs some more time but still it was delivered within 2 days as informed firstly.Well packed. Thanks to flipkart!!! Regarding mobile,Its worth buying only if it is less than 15k.Hope configuration is already known.No point of describing it.Battery is good.Black update makes u feel a bit good if u had used windows 8 before :) For 4.7 inches,screen resolution is less.Still it doesn't bother much!I liked it! No mobile heating,No Mobile hang,No problem with the device i received.If something is wrong then its only ur bad luck!! ;)
This is a good windows phone in this range and it is worth of every penny. Moreover I got this mobile for a very good offer along with a cashback. Specially the delivery quality and speed from flipkart is amazing. Overall satisfied buy.
Pros:- Large screen. Great to watch movies. Rough n tough body. Long battery life. 10 hrs with continous 3g & calls. Always getting updates. 4g enabled. RAM not an issue. Never hanged and doing multitasking easily. Cons:- Not for beginners. .txt or .bitmap and few more files not recognised.
We think that this phone needs Ram upto 1GB only the one weakness i have found....at all its Best. The Best Price available at Flipkart and a very fast brilliant delievery speed time.
any techno-savvy person must go for it... u feel android is nothing against windows... I've used 3 different android phones before but trust me it's quite amazing camera is giving excellent result even in night is + point music is also good what to say more everything is good
If u want Big screen mobile, then this is best mobile in this range.. camera quality is good, got this product in just two days. fast delivery of flipkart, very satisfied
I received this product within 2 days. Nokia Lumia 625 is the product you should go for if you are looking for a product under 15k. Smooth touch, light weight, good features, touch experience is amazing. Do not think go for it !
This is the best phone with all features and windows phone is easy to operate. Service provided by flipkart is very good.
first time i am trying windows phone, its good, yup, not easy as android, but if you have to use only call, whatsapp & facebook. windows phone are best, no hanging problems.... i will give 4 starts for product & 1 more for flipkart service... good job flipkart...
Good experience buying mobile online. I was worried initially but started to trust online mobile purchase.
excellent product from nokia with unbeatable price and superfast delivery by flipkart is a deadly combination
Nice phone! I like everything about nokia's lumia series phones. Only thing is that, the interface feels boring after sometime as there is not much you can do to it.
this lumia model is very nice...with abig screen....nice camera......super smooth touch....hd recording....decent volume and many other things
lumina 625 is a special phone to microsoft frm this mobile oly lumina is developing.. lot of features has be updated in this mobile...
Windows phone are easy to use and lumia 625 is great. Only disappointment is its LCD screen, which is not to bright for viewing videos............
A Phone worth 14,449 (that I paid) when compared to people who bought the same phone for at least 2 to 3000 rupees more. A 4.7 inch screen, the biggest screen in the entire lumia stable, a Colorful windows operating system interface, a 4G equipped phone, Battery back up like a usual nokia device, and looks so majestic from the outside. I am impressed. Cons: - Rear Camera could have been better than 5MP - RAM could have been easily 1 GB for this configuration that avoids the lag. Overall, I am glad to use this windows interface after getting used to a boring android for over 3 years from FroYo (2.1) to Kitkat (4.4.3) My Rating: 3.75/5
All features are very good. Wonderful phone. Meets and exceeds all expectations of speed, charge, voice clarity and reliability. Two areas of dissatisfaction: 1. The address book is not fully searchable like android. You can search only the 'name' fields. All others like 'phone', 'email' and 'other' are not searchable. This is some sort of an irritant. 2. Yahoo mail does not sync properly. Means mails sent from the pc wont sync with those on phone. Maybe these features are there and i'm sort of ignorant. Kindly let me know if there is some solution for the two points mentioned above. Otherwise the phone is perfect.
The Nokia 625 is a nice-looking phone. The Black phone looks elegant, and the touch screen is also quite fluent. The only problem is - when a new SMS/Whatsapp message flashes at the top of the Home screen, clicking the message is supposed to lead the user to the message. On 10% of the occasions, the application hangs (especially Whatsapp). You are lead to the Whatsapp application, with a blank screen. This might also be an issue with Whatsapp, and probably not the phone.... Otherwise. good phone, and pleased with the purchase
This is just an Initial review. WP are already tried and tested by me, hence after the theft of Lumia 720, It was just a decision of which WP to buy, and not which phone to buy... Initial thoughts: 1. slightly big size, hence awkward to hold due to being slim as well !!! 2. Display is sharp as Lumia 720, and no pixelating of images/Screen .. 3. Yet to test main camera, yet believe it to be good.. The front Camera is not that good !!! 4. very Few add-on as compared to 720, yet blaring exceptions like Clear black & Glance Screen.. evident cost cutting as visible.. No wonder, it was launched priced higher then 720, yet price is now settled well below 720.. Having being critical, please note that this comparision is just vis-a-vis Lumia 720. Must admit that this phone has a Great presence, thought and is a good choice for people who wish to go for big screen and butter smooth Window OS..
There is no 3g only network selection option in Windows phones,if u select highest connection speed as 3G your Windows phone will automatically keep using 2G only becz only 2G have highest signal strength than 3G in India* (most of the place). If you have 4 signal bars for 2G and 3 signal bars for 3G, your windows phone will use only 2G. :-( :-( :-( :-(
It is really a good phone and very good in operations. It is very stable and Battery Backup is excellent. Watching Videos are awesome, but there is some drawback that it's play only .avi and .mp4 files only. You have to purchase additional player from Store to run .mkv and other format videos. Music part is very good, as there is lots of enhancement and Dolby Sound. Camera future is also good, 5MP rear and 1.3 Front gives you best support whereever require. 1080p video recording, lots of lenses, lots of video editing tools make your videos or pictures beatiful and stunning. Email, Social Apps are also running very smoothly and it is able to drive on 3G as well as 4G. This is a wise purchase and there is no doubt on Nokia and Microsoft.
I have received the phone 2-3 days before of delivery time, as usual flipkart service is too good. But the very next day that phone stopped working, when i went to nokia , they took the phone and after 15 days they replaced with new phone as the product is un-repairable ! Now my Lumia working wonderfully ! :)
Grt product from nokia . again. Its smart, its stylish, it has other beautiful features that make it awesome. Makes you feels connected all time with evryone. and even the front camera is very good for Skype. Good job NOKIA, grt service flipkart. :)
Using Android for past 3 years , got bored since cant play games due to lot of constraints and above all constant update makes the phone go slow.IF YOU NEED REFRESHING EXPERIENCE OTHER THAN IOS TRY WINDOWS FOR ONCE. Only draw back i found was that market doesn't have applications and games that android and ios gives the user. but most of them are available . Phone is working good , didnt find any lag , Asphalt 8 run like a cream ( good experience ). Got is for 14k which in not a bad deal .
I liked this phone.. The changing screen backgrounds, Nokia Mix Radio, Cinemagraph are some of the features that make this value for money. Just a little time is needed if you are shifting from Android to Windows, else it is as good as any other Android phone.
Everything is good, but no highlights or options for different alerts. It is not easy to keep checking each and every software for any message or highlight. Be it Facebook or Whatsapp or Skype, the same ringtone, so you can't differentiate
good and a budget priced phone brought it for my sister ... only hangups are whats app being a lil slow
Looks better than in the picture. Liked it the moment i opened it. Feels good. Excellent features. Great screen. Good sound quality through headset. I could not find any fault so far
Everything is Good in this phone Camera is Good in the day and in good lighting, but dont expect much in bad lighting at night , Frost camera is useless Display is awesome Speed is very Good Battery is also very Good. Overall everything is fine. i am fully satisfied.
Nokia Lumia 625 has been serving me with multiple functions with its amazing applications and features supported by Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Dual-core 1.2Ghz processor and 512MB RAM. I don’t mind flaunting my presently red coloured smart phone made up of a semi transparent changeable back lid with a big 4.7” screen and round edges. With Nokia Smart camera at my behest I do not have to worry about taking good pictures since all I have to do is click with the 5 MP camera and follow few simple steps to get the perfect image I wanted. I can take action shots or blur the background with Nokia Smart Cam. I can even watch my favourite movies or choose from a huge number and a wide variety of movies on Your Movies App. With Nokia Lumia 625 I got a mind blowing benefit of 16,082 rupees which is also a key to over 3000 movies on Your Movies App apart from other offers like free 3G internet for 3 months, eBooks from Flipkart, etc. The buyback offer and the free music for 3 months from Nokia Music Unlimited that I received have been also a hot deal for me. So with Nokia Lumia 625 I can make calls, send texts, listen to unlimited music, watch movies, take pictures and lot more. i suggest everyone to go for this
Working Great... best Value packed from flipkart,,,,very useful product..Dont hesitate to buy...Have fun
I bought this phone 4 ma dad... thought of buyin 720, thn I switchd 2 ds mainly cuz of d ram.. speakn f d phone, its screen size is larger thn my 920( bt nt d display thou :P) .. battery backup, i'd say its gud nt best.. bt its quite enuff fr a smartphone f ds range.. performance, u all knw it..its a LUMIA.. so its jst performing well accordingly.. ovrall d product is jst fine.. its jst worth d price..
"The most striking feature of my Nokia Lumia 625 is its attractive outlook. Its semi transparent changeable back shell that comes in different shades for me to select from and also the gentle curves makes my Nokia Lumia 625 stand out. The 4.7” IPS LCD screen allows me enough space for the touch function and also displays everything more prominently on the screen. I have a pretty good experience of photography with Nokia Lumia 625 that has a 5MP camera with LED flash. The Nokia Smart Cam also has been of great assistance to me by performing several functions like taking action shots, or identifying the best smile or even remove object from the images. Being a big movie fan I was elated to learn about the 16,082 rupees benefit which lets me access to as good as 3000+ movies through Your Movies app along with other exciting offers. Nokia Music Unlimited has also come up with a free music for 3 months deal which too has been a reason for the broad smile I have been sporting after purchasing the phone. Last but not the least the Buyback offer got me my Nokia Lumia in place of my old handset at a discounted rate. " a quality which you will never forget
"Nokia Lumia 625, the trendy and smart phone that I had bought for myself has given me many reasons to be glad about my choice. The foremost being its perky outlook. The colourful semi transparent back cover sporting a 5MP camera and smooth and gentle edges makes me flaunt it to the world. Moreover the back shell is interchangeable and there are multiple colours to choose from. Its large 4.7” IPS LCD screen soothes my eyes by not straining it too much to read a text or check out a picture properly. On the big screen everything appears clear and vivid. The Nokia Smart Camera is a unique photography feature that can perform a number of editing functions, like, removing unwanted objects from the picture, take action shots etc. Other photography apps include Nokia Glam ME, Bing Lenses, and Cinemagraph. The 16,082 rupees benefit is an amazing offer which includes the Your Movies App offer in which I can get to watch more than 3000 movie and that too for free, 3 months of 3g internet, and eBooks from Flipkart. Even I got my new Nokia Lumia 625 at an amazing discounted rate by exchanging my old phone under the Buyback offer. The Nokia Music Unlimited also allows 3 months of free music. " one of the best of lumia
"When I bought Nokia Lumia 625 I kept in mind a lot of factors. As I finally settled for Nokia Lumia 625 I had made sure that I have bought the right phone for myself. Nokia Lumia 625 as a device for photography is pretty much ideal for me. The 5MP camera and the Nokia Smart Cam features do the editing bit for me or enable me to take different kinds of shots. The action shot is one such function amongst the others. I have been using the phone comfortably because of the big 4’7” LCD, quite a big screen for displaying everything with clarity and detailing with a super sensitive touch has made operating the phone easier. Nokia Lumia 625 is a slim phone with a big screen and interchangeable semi transparent back cover which comes in different colours and by extension serves me as a trendy accessory as well. The grand benefit of 16,082 rupees that allows me access to a collection of more than 3000 movies on Your Movies App along with other exciting offers has pleased me a lot. Furthermore the exchange offer which gives a discount on the purchase of Nokia Lumia 625 and the 3 months free Nokia Music Unlimited offer have been an absolute delight to me. "will break aal the records
hi guys "After I have started using Nokia Lumia 625 it has taken me over with its popularity and efficiency. What enthrals me the most is what all I can do with this phone. The cool and trendy look that this phone has makes me flaunt it everywhere. My Nokia Lumia is a 9.2 mm slim phone with gentle curves and a semi transparent shell makes it look very stylish. I can even change the semi transparent shell according to my fancy. Moreover the 4.7” broad IPS LED display and a super sensitive touch helps me operate the phone comfortably. I have been an all time movie buff and the free 3K + Movies on Your Movies App was a thing to rejoice. The Nokia Smart Cam with a 5 MP camera and LED flash lets me click clear and flawless pictures aided by a number of Photography apps like create actions shots, give motion to the pictures, remove unwanted objects from the picture etc. The Buyback offer for exchanging old phone with new Nokia Lumia 625 and Rs. 16,082 benefit offer has come very useful to me. And also the 3 months free music on Nokia Music Unlimited is another one of the exciting offer for a crazy music person like me. " what you are waiting for guys ,go for it right now
Initially I purchased my 1st windows phone that was Lumia 520 as I was not sure about the user-friendliness for my age people (50 yrs). But I felt very comfortable with window 8 OS. However, the phone was too small and I had visibility problem and found difficult to text and read news. Again I switched over to Android (Experia Z) and felt windows OS was more user-friendly. Finally I got Lumia 625 and am very comfortable with it although the camera quality and speed cannot be matched with Experia Z. The best part is the big screen, good resolution and user-friendly for aged people at an effordable cost.
1st of all.. This is one HELL of a great phone. I have been Rigirously using this for a month since i bought it and been constantly testing to its limits. And yet i hav not found any major problems or disadvantages. People Who say camera is not good ... they surely dont know how to use the camera. The 5MP camera not only clicks brilliant quality pictures in day but also does pretty nice at night too. The nokia black update has this nokia camera app installed which lets you click photos at night in pitch black with clarity just by doing some changes with iso and focal length settings in that app. So You guys just have to explore a bit rather than hitting ur head on wall and saying camera is bad and blah blah ! for such a phone at such a cost. User interface & phone's performance is fluid, smooth and works like a charm. You can easily do heavy multitasking without any lag on Just 512 mb ram !! (Heavy Games like asphalt 8 & NFS, runs smooth without any lag) 2000mah battery serves a great deal in easily getting ur phone just a lil bit more than a 1 day backup on 1 full charge. And people who complain there r no apps. They all are past ignorant android users who are reluctant to explore windows store because they dont get the same apps on windows. Windows has tons of variety of apps and games which will keep you busy, hooked and interested and most of them are free !! Bluetooth/WIFI/USB/2g/3g connectivity works fluidly ! The only drawback i found was. You get 8gb internal, of which 2.5 is ur OS and 1.5 is your system apps. so a new phone has only 4 gb internal memory free, so u have to buy an SD card ! (either class 6 or class 10 - check with manufacturer) You cannot install apps on sd card, but this will be fixed soon in windows 8 update this april 2014, so u'll be able to move apps to your sd card. But till then you can save application's setup files on sdcard and install apps from them to ur internal memory this saves you space. also you can shift your photos, vedios, documents, maps to ur sd card to save space. Also the display could have been better. When lumia 720 onwards which is around the same price has clear black display why cant this be ? And if the camera was carl ziess lens it wudve been fantastic ! The display works great but normal lcd screen lcd tends to get dirty often. Although that is not a major concern. The phone looks good but the design is curved and slippery to hold at sides. So better get a plastic or leather cover for it as it tends to slip often. (In 1 month use it fell twice but was saved by my flip case, my friends have broken thier lcd screen as it slipped frm thier hands without cover) All in all cannot say the perfect phone because windows is still new for evryone. But at this price this is the best phone you can get ! Its fun and freindly to use and explore, windows has done a commendable job.. i never get bored with it.
First of all, its performing excellent than I expected, happy with its internet speed on Wifi and 3G. No hangs, big screen, full Hd videos, 4G ready, and the offline Maps( its an amazing innovation frm Nokia. Maps are working without network, thanx to nokia for saving my money frm buying a GPS ) these r the main features tht I most like.
"A perky and stylish phone can add to my style quotient on any given day. So the moment I spotted Nokia Lumia 625 on the shelves I knew this phone was made for me. It comes with a unique semi transparent shell and gentle curves which gives the overall appearance a queer but stylish feel and also comes with changeable covers which I can select according to my wish. I find its wide 4.7” big IPS LCD quite admirable. It is big enough for me to decipher the images, texts and videos properly on screen and also operate the super sensitive touch screen without trouble. Because of its slim stature and light weight I can slide it in anywhere and handle it with ease. While choosing a camera phone I do not just consider how high it is on Mega pixels but also the technology and features it uses to take pictures. The 5 MP camera fitted within Nokia Lumia 625 with LED flash and 4x zoom helps me capture vivid and detailed pictures. There are more than one applications to assist me for smart editing and I need not have to be a pro with complicated editing functions but only simple editing applications in Nokia Lumia 625 does the necessary editing for me. I use digital add-ons like Nokia Smart Camera, Cinemagraph lens, Panorama lens, Bing vision, Nokia Glam Me Lens for accomplishing all the editing tasks. With Nokia Smart Camera I can take a number of shots in a sequence by which I can either select the best shot or just put together all the shots in one frame, enhancing the movement. I can also remove unwanted objects from a picture. With Cinemagraph I can create a movie sort of animations by arranging my pictures and videos together, whereas Nokia Glam Me App is the digital make over app with which I can experiment with my own pictures and do the editing to make myself look better. Amongst the other applications I found the Storyteller App and the Your Movies App the most amazing. The Your Movie App allows me access to more than 3000 movies and that too for free! And the Story teller app, arranges the pictures and videos on my phone on a route map by combining places and time to bring my memories back to life. I can keep it to myself or share it with friends if I want to. I opted for the Nokia Buyback offer to get an attractive discount on my phone and all I had to do was get it exchanged with my old used phone. Nokia Lumia 625 also has benefit extending upto Rs. 16,082 which gives me the key to not only a huge collection of more than 3000 movies for free but there are other interesting and beneficial offers as well such as free book from Flipkart, 3 months of 3g internet and so on. Music lovers like me would also rejoice the fact that Nokia offers a 3 months music from Nokia Music Unlimited. " will break all thte records
"I always wanted to get a Nokia Lumia phone for myself ever since the launch of the first Nokia Lumia Smartphone. My Nokia Lumia 625 is a sleek big screened & brightly coloured phone that I love showing off. What I love about its look is that it has a semi transparent shell that comes in different bright colours which I can swap to new colours according to my wish. Its gentle and smooth curves and soft edges enhance the slim structure of the phone. Everything from the images to texts appears spectacular on the wide 4’7” IPS LCD screen. The big screen allows enough space on it for movies and games. The applications on my Nokia Lumia 625 are supported by the Qualcomm Snap Dragon S4 Dual Core 1.2 GHz processor. The 5 MP camera with 4x zoom along with Nokia Smart Camera helps me capture and edit pictures and thereby makes me feel happy about my deemed photography skills. Nokia Smart Camera which is an advanced photography feature can do a number of tricks with the pictures I take. One such of many is taking Action shots by which I can take multiple shots in a sequence, one after another. I can either edit and develop a single image with all the shots or select the best shot from the sequences. Then there are other applications like the Glam Me lens which helps me edit my own picture and make me look pretty by covering up the flaws, the Cinemagraph, an application with which I can arrange photos in the form of animation and thus create spectacular presentations, and a horde of different kinds of shots other than action shots, like the Panoramic shots, Landscape shots are also there with which I can make the images look different. I have been quite fond of an application called the Story Teller App which selects my pictures according to the date and place of the picture taken, and pins them to the map at the respective places, create a memory lane for me, which I can also share with friends and family. Nokia Lumia 625 also had an assortment of new offers that thrilled me when I learnt about them. So let me start with the offer on the Your Movies app, which gives me access to as many as 3000+ movies and all for free. The big screen with high resolutions makes it an amazing experience for me to watch the movies on my phone. Not only this the benefit that extends upto 16,082 also allows me to access Ozone Wi-Fi, 3g internet for 3 months, e-book from the Flipkart etc and many more. The buyback offer is a very smart offer by which I got a discount on the new phone on exchanging my old one with it. Why would music stay far behind any way! So Nokia Lumia 625 hasn’t also let me down on this aspect either with the 3 months free Nokia Music Unlimited offer. " great one buy nokia
"Nokia Lumia 625 was the perfect choice when it came to buying a Smartphone for me because of all the functions it is capable of doing. It has smart applications which have been a revolution in the mobile market. It has a very attractive outlook and the semi transparent shell, which covers the device, is changeable and comes in different colours, reasons enough for me to show it off. The big display of 4.7” IPS LCD makes my Nokia Lumia 625 look classy at the front and at the same time easy for me to operate. And when I get praises for my phone, it makes me feel proud that I own it. The sleek and trendy phone is loaded with a number of useful as well as entertaining Applications that I can boast of. The Microsoft Office app, which helps me create and edit documents on the go, is a feature which was much required in my phone for me to take care of things instantly. Since it can even support document formats like Pdf, Excel, Word, One Note, Power Point and I can instantly download files from the internet and get going with my work without having to wait for a system to do the work. I found the Your Movies App simply amazing since it lets me get access to more than 3000 movies that too for free. And the big 4.7” LCD with high resolution and True Colour display gives an amazing experience while I watch the movies on My Nokia Lumia 625 and it’s needless to say that I love it. Now if I get bored when I have to travel long distances, I have a whole new world of entertainment and fun at my fingertip. Good photography with Nokia Lumia 625 isn’t also a big deal for me either. With the 5MP Smart Cam I can click clear and well defined pictures and capture the precious moments of my life with great ease and proficiency. And it doesn’t stop here, as I can get even more out of my Nokia Lumia 625, it has been complimented with other photography features like Nokia Smart Camera that can take Action Shots, remove unwanted objects from the picture or capture the best smile. It has an internal storage memory of 8 GB expandable upto 64 GB, is more than enough for storing all my files and applications. I even got a free Cloud storage of 7GB with the Lumia 625. The entire package got even more attractive for me when I learnt about the Buyback policy, which is a discount on the brand new phone on exchange of an old used one. My passion for music and love for good movies have also been taken care of with 3 months of free music from Nokia Music Unlimited, and a benefit offer of 16,082 rupees that allows free access to 3000+ movies on Your Movies App and also other offers such as 3g internet for 3 months, eBook on Flipkart etc. Overall it is a great buy for me. " thanks nokia for makinf such a lovely device
Really it’s a good one from Windows :) Before to this I was using Android Mobile. Frequently it was hanging like anything. Though I had 512MB RAM, it did not allow me to do Multi-tasking. But this Lumia is completely opposite to that. I can do whatever I want in same instance. Audio Quality is always better in Nokia. Only drawback is Applications which are in the Store. You will not be entertained with the features they have. Surely Android user hate this. I am not an exception from that. To Conclude, U might have 1000 apps in Android Market. But the mobile won't allow you to work. This is applicable even in 1 GB RAM or more than that. But in Windows Apps seems to be very simple, but it will allow you to use it any time. Go for Windows :) Recycle Android :)
everything except the camera are exceptionally good. i would recommend this for lumia lovers and if you are a photo freak please choose something else.
Moobile is good but videos not sending option there is no wi di direct sending files etc big screen 1.2gh processer Lumia mobiles beetter to Samsung mobiles and somes apps. Is purchasing
i like this phone for its large size fonts to enable to read without glasses. it is finding difficult to operate in getting required action/process as the most of them are interlinked with net and also p c such as ring tone change etc. the photo storage also appears to be confused way. the volume level given in this phone is inadequate. this phone is useful only to those who can use its all features.
Got it and running very smooth and sexy and heard so many things abt it that android is the bset well i have grand dous too and find lumia to be the best just lacks one thing very confussing reseting option for full format
I bought this phone last month and I found it is very useful. Please note my points below:- GOOD 1) Very Good Battery backup. 2) No lag in any application even in high end games. 3) Windows office. 4) Good Camera and applications. 5) Faster internet browsing BAD 1) Low speaker volume 2) Unable to install application on SD Card. 3) 512 MB RAM only But still u love it.....
looking for a decent phone to get me through till the new iphone is out. But windows is pretty awesome.. Nokia has done a decent enought job with lumia 625. Flipkart delivery was excellent
I am not such a huge fan of Nokia phones, but this windows platform is pretty zingy!. The phone is smooth, build quality is that of the conventional Nokia (which is why I gave it to my mom, who might want to throw it at me sometime soon - in anger, of course). The windows app store is also decent, not ass awesome as the apple app store, but does the job... The pretty kick -ass feature is the nokia smart cam! I guess for the money spent (15K ish, I got an additional 5K discount coupon), it is value for money
if some one gives nokia 625 - 4 out of 5 then applying same logic i will give moto g 5.25 out of 5 .... choice is yours ....
nokia lumia 625 delivered to me... i like your product and price..... and the nokia lumia 625 was very nice product the nokia made with windows operating system... and it good experience to use a internet in this lumia product and game also...
I have been using this phone for 4 months and a great experience. value for money ,especially it's big screen.if u want a big screen at this price then a very good deal.
This phone is an awesome thing!! Using it for 2 month!!! Clarity of cameras should be more good!! But else everything other is awesome!! No hanging!! Better than android!!
Product was delivered on time and in good condition. 625 is very useful phone to buy. One it comes with win 8 OS, which makes it user friendly and it has no lags and good camera. Also feature in camera is very nice. Decent memory and good size makes it worth a buy
I went to the store looking for a smartphone in the range of 10-15K for my parents. I was faced with three choices: sub-10k Androids from Desi manufacturers with Chinese internals, slightly pricier dual-SIM branded Androids and the Windowsphone Lumia 520/ 525/625. We could not make out a difference between any of the Androids - what are you getting different in a branded 17k phone, that is not available in a 6k desi phone? Initially gravitated to the Lumia 525, but my father asked for a bigger screen, so we went for the 625. Nokia has done some very smart component decisions - the display is not high resolution as the higher end phones, but it is big and looks bright and colorful. The RAM memory is only 512MB, but we dont need this for gaming. The processor response is adequate and modem specs are identical to higher-end smart phones. The phone is sleek and light and nice to look at even with a neoprene cover. So this is a fantastic product, which suggests that Nokia is on its way back to own a significant part of the Indian market.
Dear All.... I just bought this phone just 15 days back ....... first this is not at all in comparision of Andorid Sp. with Samsung. Very slow processor ....takes time to open any window..... not even good uses for Social Networking as you cant upload your pics on FB except camera roll or pics captured by Phone camera.... not working with whats up for srching masgs.cant show the entire history of the masgs while u do it ... it goes hang and comes on the main screen ... same with FB if u r uploading the pics on FB selcted fron other folders it comes back to the main screen.... u cant even change ur cover photo through this phone. its quite expensive phone in comparision of Samsung. For phone book this phone is hang sevreal times. I suggest ppl to buy any other good phone in the same cost.
The following are the draw backs, 1. I am not able to see the file directory 2. via Bluetooth not able to share the Video file 3. Not able to office file which is there in SD card.
"My Nokia Lumia 625 is one of the best Smartphones I have ever used in my life. I got it from my friends group on my birthday last month and it was the best birthday gift this year. I know that Nokia always comes up with great devices but I truly believe that Lumia 625 is one their bests! It looks really pretty with the peppy red colour and the semi transparent shells which can be changed anytime, making the device all the more perfect! The phone has a big 4.7 inches screen and with the full HD picture quality, every image comes alive! The Nokia Smart Cam app has amazing picture editing qualities which help me to blur the image backgrounds, create action shots, capture the best smiles and do much more. The Nokia Music Unlimited comes for free with this mobile for 6 months and I can even upgrade it for another 3 months within 31st December. I am a movie buff and my Lumia 625 lets me watch movies as much as I can by downloading them from the Your Movies app. There are many other things which I have got with my mobile phone and that’s why I fell in love with my mobile phone. "
"Nokia Lumia 625 is really an awesome crafted mobile phone. Last month I bought it for myself and I simply love the device. I have bought the red one and the phone looks great. I know that a Smartphone is always great but Lumia 625 is a wonder. The way it performs and the way it looks, both are simply stunning. I have come across the fact that Lumia 625 is a device which makes things really possible. Starting from awesome picture editing qualities, as I can now edit the images the way I wish to and the full HD picture quality makes all the pictures look so beautiful and shiny. I have never experienced watching videos or playing games the way I experience now with my Lumia 625. The 4.7 inch makes more room for everything and it is perfect! The phone has the Your Movies app which lets me download my favourite flicks from more than 3000 movies available and downloading is absolutely free. The Nokia Music Unlimited is subscribed for free for 6 months on the device and lets me search through 90 lakh songs and then I can again extend the subscription for 3 months more. The phone has many other features and I have become fan of each one of them. "
"The day when I got my Lumia 625 was the day of my 2nd marriage anniversary. It was a gift from my in laws and I totally fell in love with the gift. I have used many Smartphones before but Lumia 625 is simply been the best so far. I am not being biased but just honest and I truly feel that Nokia has come up with a genius! The phone comes with a bright red colour and there is changeable semi transparent different coloured shells which I can use whenever I like to. The best part about the phone is its 4.7 inch screen which has a lot of room for viewing anything. Watching videos, movies or playing video games is so much fun with my Lumia. Then the Nokia Smart Cam app has astonishing picture editing qualities and I can now edit the snaps in different ways! I have also got benefits of as much as of Rs. 16, 082 and the buyback guarantee assures me 100% exchange or upgradation of the device at any moment within a time frame. The NMU has been subscribed on the device for 6 months already and within 31st of December, I can upgrade it again for the next 3 months! Lumia 625 is a great gift and I have become very fond of the device now. "
"The Lumia 625 is the newest addition to the Lumia family of Nokia and it is the best. I have used Lumia devices before but I sincerely feel that Lumia 625 performs much better. I was having troubles with my old device and I had to buy a phone urgently. So, after researching about a few phones on the web, I found out that Lumia 625 had great reviews. So, I ended up buying this device. The phone is a beauty and the colour, along with the semi transparent shell makes it look so beautiful. I have always loved using touch screen mobiles and the super sensitive touch screen of this device lets me enjoy a super fluid experience. The 4.7 inches screen size is amazing and now playing games or watching videos on the mobile phone is such a delight. I am very fond of listening to music and the Nokia Music Unlimited app has got over 90 lakh songs. I have got this app for free for 6 months and by 31st of December, I can even upgrade it for 3 months more! The Nokia Smart cam app has great picture editing features. I can now click quick snaps and then edit them the way I wish to. Lumia 625 is a great buy and it has so many features that it’s not feasible to talk about all in such a small space. I am really happy with my device. " thanks nokia
"Lumia 625 was a gift to me by my parents on Christmas. Every year I get a surprise gift from my parents and this year, I got the loveliest one from them. I never knew that I would get a Smartphone from them, that too as costly as this one. But once I got the phone in hand, I knew that it is a wonder. I love everything about it. Starting from the way it looks to the services it provides, Lumia 625 is a class! The phone is of a peppy yellow colour and comes with a semi transparent shell colour can be changed whenever I wish to. The 4.7 inches display of the phone just makes enough room for watching videos and playing games. The Nokia Smart Cam app lets me edit the click images in wonderful ways. Blurring the backgrounds of the pictures, removing objects from the snaps, creating action shots, etc, all are now easy with Lumia 625. I have got amazing buyback offer with the device and I can now exchange the set or upgrade it if I feel like within a given period of time. The benefits of Rs. 16,082 comes in handy with the device and Nokia Music Unlimited app, which I have got for free for 6 months, can be upgraded again for the next 3 months and it offers me more than 90 lakh songs of different genres. "
"Lumia 625 came to me as a gift from my boyfriend on my 25th birthday last month. It was a surprise gift to me but I knew that he was going to buy a mobile phone. But I didn’t know that it will be a Lumia, that too the most upgraded version! Lumia 625 touched my heart as soon as I got it in my hand. The funky yellow colour, the semi transparent shield and the curvy design makes the phone look beautiful. The phone has a huge 4.7 inches touch screen and the full HD picture quality makes every image look so bright and beautiful. With the Your Movies app, I can now choose from 3000 + movies and download them whenever I wish to. There are no downloading charges and whenever I am free now, I watch movies on my phone. The Nokia Smart Cam app lets me click amazing pictures and also edit them much more beautifully. Blurring the background of the images, adding or removing objects on the snaps, clicking action shots and much more! Using Lumia 625 is a delight. I have also got benefits of Rs. 16, 082 with the phone and the buyback guarantee is also there which assures me exchange or upgradation of the mobile phone whenever I want to before 31st of December. "
"I got my Lumia 625 as a birthday gift from my husband last week and it also made an awesome Christmas present. I love the colour yellow and my hubby intentionally chose the yellow one for me. But with the different semi transparent shells, I can change the cover of the device whenever I wish to. I am a gadget freak and this is probably my 10th mobile phone till now but one thing I can say is that it is the best one I have ever used till now. The phone has a 4.7 inches big touch screen and the full HD picture quality makes every single image come to life. With the help of the Your Movies app where I can find more than 3000 downloadable movies, I can now watch my favourite flicks on the device whenever I feel like it. The Nokia Smart Cam app has got amazing picture editing qualities and now I can always click the best smiles. With the added benefits of Rs. 16,082 and the buyback guarantee, Nokia Lumia 625 is one of the best devices by Nokia. I have also got the Nokia Music Unlimited app for free for 6 long months with this device where I can listen to more than 90 lakh songs and I can even update it for another 3 months within the end of December. Nokia Lumia 625 is probably one of the best buy of my hubby of this year. " i love it
"I bought my Lumia 625 for myself a few weeks back as my old phone was not working well. I researched through a lot of devices on the Nokia Store and finally, upon talking to the sales girl, I bought this one and thank God I didn’t buy anything else! My Lumia 625 works the best for me and it is indeed one of the loveliest devices I have ever used in my life. The phone looks quite attractive. The semi transparent shells which can be changed whenever I want to, the gorgeous colour and the curvy sleek design, all of these make the phone look desirable for anyone. The phone is indeed an expensive one but the features it offers makes up for the money. The Your Movie app has more than 3000 movies which I can download all for free and pass my time watching them. Also, the Nokia Smart Cam app lets me click pictures and edit them in beautiful different ways. The phone also offers buyback guarantee and I have got added benefits of Rs. 16,082 from Nokia. The Nokia Music Unlimited is subscribed on the device for 6 months for free which I can upgrade within the 31st of December to another 3 months more! "
"The day when I got my Lumia 625 was one of the best days of my life. It was a surprise gift to me from my brother this Christmas and I had no idea that he would gift me something so expensive. I knew that Lumia 625 is an expensive phone and I also knew that I couldn’t have bought this anytime in the near future for myself. All thanks to my big bro, I got my yellow coloured Lumia 625, one of the best gifts this Christmas. The phone comes with a semi transparent shell which makes it look bright and beautiful. Also, I can change the shell colours whenever I wish to. This gives an all new look to my phone. The 4.7 inches screen is enough to watch movies or play video games and the HD picture quality makes every image come alive. The Nokia Smart Cam app lets me edit my images in different amazing ways. I can remove objects from a snap, blur the background, create actions snaps and do much more with it. The buyback guarantee and the offers of Rs. 16, 082 are added advantages of the phone. The phone has a lot of other apps and every single of them are great! I have already become a fan of this device and now I have a long way to go with it! "
"I bought a Nokia Lumia 625 for myself few weeks back and I absolutely fell for it. I have used Nokia phones before but I can always vouch for this one to be the best of all. The way it looks and the way it serves me are all awesome! The phone comes with a 4.7 inches big screen and the full HD pictures quality lets me enjoy my game playing sessions in a much better manner! I can now also watch my favourite movies and the big screen simply makes every object look so bright and beautiful. The Nokia Smart Cam App is special to me as it lets me edit my pictures in different manners. I can now remove objects from my pictures, blur the backgrounds and can also click amazing action shots with the device. The Your Movie app lets me enjoy more than 3000 movies which I can download anytime at absolute no cost. The buyback guarantee also assures me that I can exchange the phone or upgrade it within a given period and the Nokia Music Unlimited app has more than 90 lakh songs to be played according to my mood. The phone has many more features and I love this device! "
superb.."The Lumia 625 was a phone which I had to buy forcibly as I had no intention of buying a phone anytime soon. While coming back from office one day, I lost my phone on the bus and I had to buy another Smartphone as soon as possible. I went up to the Nokia Store and as I have always used Nokia devices, I have a kind of liking and loyalty for its devices. So, after talking to the sales guy and letting him know what kind of phone I want, he showed me the Nokia Lumia 625! The phone looked stunning and the colour was very peppy! I bought the red one and the features which he showed to me simply grabbed my attention. I knew that this is the phone which I want exactly and didn’t think twice before paying for the same. I bought it home, started using it and realised that losing my phone on the bus has been a blessing in disguise for me! The big 4.7 inch screen of the phone simply creates huge space for everything on the device. Playing video games has got a new name with the phone. I love playing video games on my phone when I am not working and my Lumia 625 simply makes the experience much more enjoyable. The Full HD picture quality is an add on and whatever I see on the phone is so much bright and lucid. All these things make Lumia 625 attractive at the very first glance. The Your Movies app, which is already subscribed on the device, gives me the option of more than 3000 movies and I can download them anytime for free. The phone has got the Nokia Smart Cam app which makes me feel like a professional photographer at times! Firstly it clicks amazing snaps and then it provides superb editing qualities which have various background blurring options, action shots creating options, clicking the best smiles, removing objects from the snaps and much more. The phone also has the Nokia Music Unlimited app which is subscribed for free for 6 long months and it has a store of more than 90 lakh songs which I can listen to at any time. One of the amazing things about the phone is that I have got benefits of Rs. 16, 082 with the device and the buyback guarantee also assures me that I can always exchange the phone if I face any kind of trouble with the same. With so many things available on the phone, I never get bored with it. I now know that I lost my previous phone on a purpose as I had to experience the beauty of Lumia 625! I f I wouldn’t have lost my phone that day, I could have never experienced the beauty of this device. Lumia 625 will always remain special to me. It looks great and also it performs equally well. My Lumia 625 has become my best friend now! "
hi guys,"Deciding upon which mobile phone to buy is never an easy task and this time, I found it really hard to pick up the one for me as I was literally overwhelmed by so many options and their expertise. So, after researching a lot and talking about it with my friends and colleagues, I finally went up to the Nokia Store and bought myself a shining red Lumia 625. When the sales guy was giving me the demo of the phone, I was quite surprised with the features. I never knew that a phone can actually perform so much and apart from helping me in my work, it entertains me as well. The best thing about the phone is its super sensitive touch screen and the 4.7 inches big screen. When I am not working, I play games on my phone, watch movies, and chat with my friends and the big screen just kind of makes more space for everything. The super sensitive touch lets me enjoy a feather like experience while browsing through the device and whatever I do with my phone now, it’s a delight. I have also got the semi transparent colourful shells with the phone which I can change according to my mood and my dresses! The full HD picture quality provides me amazing picture visibility and every single picture looks so bright and lucid on my device. I have also got the Your Movies app with the phone where I have got more than 3000 movies files and I can download any of them whenever I wish to, that too for absolutely no cost. The Nokia Smart Cam app is another wonder of the phone which lets me edit the clicked snaps in different exciting way. I have never seen a mobile phone performing such professional picture editing skills and it simply makes me feel like a professional at times! I can now blur the backgrounds of the images, remove objects from the images, click action shots and do much more with my Lumia 625. The device also has a presubscribed Nokia Music Unlimited app for 6 months which has more than 90 lakh songs and being a music lover, I always pass my time listening to those. I am thinking about extending the subscription for another 3 months within the 31st of this month. I have also got benefits of Rs. 16,082 with the device and the amazing buyback warrantee assures me that I can exchange it or upgrade it by the end of this year if I feel any kind of trouble with the phone. There are many more to this device and if I start writing about all, I probably won’t finish it today! But one thing I can say that Lumia 625 is a bliss to use. This is one phone which I will be a proud owner of forever. This is also one of the best buys of my life till now and am sure whoever has used it, will agree with me on this. "
great deal"Every year I get a New Year’s gift from my parents and this time it was a mobile phone. My mom and dad bought me a Lumia 625 and the phone is amazing, probably the best gift I have ever got in my life. Apart from the stunning looks of the device, the phone also has got some amazing features which simply make it a desirable Smartphone for one and all. The phone is a perfect combination of style and intelligence and the features it has simply supports this statement of mine. My Lumia 625 is the red coloured one and also it has got different changeable shells which let me change the colour of the device whenever I wish to. The semi transparent shell gives a shiny look to the device and the curvy edges make it cool and beautiful. The 4.7 inches screen is one of the most astonishing features of the device. This huge screen size simply creates more room for the videos I play on it or for playing any motion games. The Full HD super sensitive touch screen makes mobile browsing so much simpler and fluid like. I have used Smartphones before but Lumia 625 is a different experience altogether. With the device, I have got the Nokia Smart Cam app which helps me to click amazing pictures as well as edit them in different ways. I can now blur the image backgrounds, remove any object from the snaps, create action shots, capture the most prominent smiles and do a lot more with my Lumia 625. I have never experienced such huge options of picture editing ever before in any phone I have come across. Also, the Nokia Music Unlimited app has more than 90 lakh songs and it is subscribed for free on my device for 6 long months and if I want I can re-subscribe it again for another 3 months within the 31st of this month! With the phone I have got benefits up to Rs. 16, 082 and buyback guarantee with which I can upgrade or exchange the device if I face any kind of problem with it within a given period of time. I have also got the Your Movies app with the device and it has more than 3000 downloadable flicks which I can always download without any charge, isn’t it amazing? I have already downloaded a few of my favourite movies and I am just waiting for the weekends to watch them on my phone! My Lumia 625 will always remain a very special gift to me as it was gifted by my loving parents. Also, I am really proud of my parents’ choice as the device is indeed a great one. It is an absolute value for money and I know that I will go a long way with it. A Smartphone should be the one which will make every single thing easier for the user and I am proud that my Lumia 625 does exactly the same and it also provides ample options of entertainment which can be hardly found in a mobile phone! "
Windows phone offer tremendous ease of operation compared to an Andriod phone. Now, the features of Lumia 625. > Sturdy Nokia design (Just like other Nokias...) > Excellent sound (Amazing sound quality. Much better than Lumia 720 and way beyond Xperias..) > Super Sensitive Touch Screen (Must better than Lumia 720) > Big Screen (Compared to Lumia 720, 925) > Faster than Lumia 720 > Cheaper than Lumia 720 by 1500 to 1800 Where it lags when compared to Lumia 720 > Camera is not as good as Lumia 720 in low light conditions - Please Note: Low Light Conditions.
Hi this an amazing phone battery lasts longer than any other android phone even if its is a high end phone. Above that it does not hangs, & processing is really superb the touch is fabulous. One would feel really great after buying it. Above that you can play temple run without any hic cups which is actually not possible in android phones having 1 gb Ram
I have been using this phone past one month. I am loving it. touch is very smooth, just the camera and RAM are on the lower side, Rest all working awesome!!! Thanks to flipkart for a quick delivery :)
Its not the best buy, the least i could get it for is 15k. As per reviews and first hand Experience the phone feels good, with really neat features, and not forgetting the fluidity of the UI. Again i donot know what is the life of the phone, as to how ,much the phone is durable and how long it is going to last, but u will fall in love with it for the first 3 months at least! I have had great experiences with Flipkart in my previous purchases!
First time using windows phone, and it's amazing with Limia 625.Product is simply outstanding.Please don't look at RAM it is better then 1GB RAM android phone. Almost all applications are available at store.512mb RAM is enough for wp8 because the Operating system is very efficient and smooth. Since I use the internet a lot and read a lot of books, play games the main requirement for me was a pretty big screen and a good performing device. Battery backup is good Thanks flipkart.
I bought this from flipkart and as usual the product was delivered in great condition and before time. After 1 month of use, I have faced a problem with headset out put, with one side headphone not working. This happened on 33 rd day after shipment, thereby in missed flipkart's return policy of 30 days. Now Nokia service centre says they will take 20 days to rectify this. One would advise caution for this kind of service support Nokia gives for a simple problem. They could have replaced this set, but service centre do not agree and all my data is going to get lost now.
I purchased a Nokia Lumia 625 and I want to make video calls using 3G networks. I tried a lot to make a video call but failed. i asked in nokia care they said you can only use skype videos call, so dont buy this,,, thr is no 3g video call option..
"Deciding upon which mobile phone to buy is never an easy task and this time, I found it really hard to pick up the one for me as I was literally overwhelmed by so many options and their expertise. So, after researching a lot and talking about it with my friends and colleagues, I finally went up to the Nokia Store and bought myself a shining red Lumia 625. When the sales guy was giving me the demo of the phone, I was quite surprised with the features. I never knew that a phone can actually perform so much and apart from helping me in my work, it entertains me as well. The best thing about the phone is its super sensitive touch screen and the 4.7 inches big screen. When I am not working, I play games on my phone, watch movies, and chat with my friends and the big screen just kind of makes more space for everything. The super sensitive touch lets me enjoy a feather like experience while browsing through the device and whatever I do with my phone now, it’s a delight. I have also got the semi transparent colourful shells with the phone which I can change according to my mood and my dresses! The full HD picture quality provides me amazing picture visibility and every single picture looks so bright and lucid on my device. I have also got the Your Movies app with the phone where I have got more than 3000 movies files and I can download any of them whenever I wish to, that too for absolutely no cost. The Nokia Smart Cam app is another wonder of the phone which lets me edit the clicked snaps in different exciting way. I have never seen a mobile phone performing such professional picture editing skills and it simply makes me feel like a professional at times! I can now blur the backgrounds of the images, remove objects from the images, click action shots and do much more with my Lumia 625. The device also has a presubscribed Nokia Music Unlimited app for 6 months which has more than 90 lakh songs and being a music lover, I always pass my time listening to those. I am thinking about extending the subscription for another 3 months within the 31st of this month. I have also got benefits of Rs. 16,082 with the device and the amazing buyback warrantee assures me that I can exchange it or upgrade it by the end of this year if I feel any kind of trouble with the phone. There are many more to this device and if I start writing about all, I probably won’t finish it today! But one thing I can say that Lumia 625 is a bliss to use. This is one phone which I will be a proud owner of forever. This is also one of the best buys of my life till now and am sure whoever has used it, will agree with me on this. "
"Every year I get a New Year’s gift from my parents and this time it was a mobile phone. My mom and dad bought me a Lumia 625 and the phone is amazing, probably the best gift I have ever got in my life. Apart from the stunning looks of the device, the phone also has got some amazing features which simply make it a desirable Smartphone for one and all. The phone is a perfect combination of style and intelligence and the features it has simply supports this statement of mine. My Lumia 625 is the red coloured one and also it has got different changeable shells which let me change the colour of the device whenever I wish to. The semi transparent shell gives a shiny look to the device and the curvy edges make it cool and beautiful. The 4.7 inches screen is one of the most astonishing features of the device. This huge screen size simply creates more room for the videos I play on it or for playing any motion games. The Full HD super sensitive touch screen makes mobile browsing so much simpler and fluid like. I have used Smartphones before but Lumia 625 is a different experience altogether. With the device, I have got the Nokia Smart Cam app which helps me to click amazing pictures as well as edit them in different ways. I can now blur the image backgrounds, remove any object from the snaps, create action shots, capture the most prominent smiles and do a lot more with my Lumia 625. I have never experienced such huge options of picture editing ever before in any phone I have come across. Also, the Nokia Music Unlimited app has more than 90 lakh songs and it is subscribed for free on my device for 6 long months and if I want I can re-subscribe it again for another 3 months within the 31st of this month! With the phone I have got benefits up to Rs. 16, 082 and buyback guarantee with which I can upgrade or exchange the device if I face any kind of problem with it within a given period of time. I have also got the Your Movies app with the device and it has more than 3000 downloadable flicks which I can always download without any charge, isn’t it amazing? I have already downloaded a few of my favourite movies and I am just waiting for the weekends to watch them on my phone! My Lumia 625 will always remain a very special gift to me as it was gifted by my loving parents. Also, I am really proud of my parents’ choice as the device is indeed a great one. It is an absolute value for money and I know that I will go a long way with it. A Smartphone should be the one which will make every single thing easier for the user and I am proud that my Lumia 625 does exactly the same and it also provides ample options of entertainment which can be hardly found in a mobile phone! "
Nokia really rocks with this phone.i bought it from local market under 16k. phone is really amazing, look and buttery smooth gesture of the phone really feels you special, camera quality is awe sum and the touch is superb. 4.7 inch screen allow you to enjoy your videos beyond the limits. all applications run smoothly. overall the phone is awe sum don't think more just go for it. This phone never disappoint you at any stage. overall the phone is superb superb superb........................
"My Lumia 625 is a gift to me by my elder sister who came to meet me a few days back. She stays abroad and we were meeting after a long time. I knew that she would surprise me with something but I didn’t know that the surprise would be so delightful. Lumia 625 looks great and it also gives amazing service. From the very first look of the device, I fell in love with it. I can’t thank my sister enough for gifting me something so great. I would cherish this forever. The first thing to notice about the phone is that it looks very stylish. It comes with a curvy design and the semi transparent shell makes it look all the more attractive. The phone comes with a 4.7 inches big full HD screen and it makes all the pictures on it look so beautiful. Also I can now change the shell colours whenever I wish to. The few extra shells come in handy with the device and I can match the colours with my clothes. This gives me a complete look and also makes me feel that I am using a different phone every time. The mobile has a Your Movie app which stores more than 3000 movies which I can anytime download for free. This way I can always download the movies I like the most and pass my leisure time watching them on my device. This keeps me busy and I also love watching videos on my mobile as the picture quality makes me feel that I am watching the same in a high quality television set. I love clicking pictures and now my Lumia 625 helps me to edit my pictures in different ways as well. I can now remove objects from a picture, blur the backgrounds, create action shots and capture the best smile every single time. This is one of the most desirable features of my Lumia 625. Even my friends are at awe after seeing my phone performing so many things. With the device, I have got benefit of Rs. 16, 082 and the buyback guarantee also assures me that I can always exchange or upgrade the device within a given period of time. The Nokia Music Unlimited app also I have got for free for 6 months and within 31st December, I can upgrade it for next 3 months as well. This is something which is great about this device. I have used Smartphones before than this but I truly believe that Lumia 625 is the one which can make anyone fall for it. It looks really awesome and it performs equally great. The quality of the device makes it all the more attractive to me. I know that my sister couldn’t have given me anything better than this on this New Year. This is indeed one of the most special gifts for me till now. This phone I will cherish forever and I will use it for a long time to come. "
"Nokia Lumia 625 is probably the best Diwali gift I have ever got till date. My brother gifted me an all new Lumia 625 and I just couldn’t believe my eyes! I knew that he was planning a surprise for me but I could never make out till he gave me the phone on hand that what he was thinking about surprising me with. So, finally, when I woke up in the morning, he came to my room and gave me a box wrapped with a shinning paper and I opened it just to find out that it’s a red coloured, lovely looking Lumia 625, just for me! The first thing to notice about the phone is its big 4.7 inches screen. It is actually huge and seeing anything or playing games on the device is a different experience altogether. The Full HD picture quality adds sleekness to every image and it simply makes more room for anything. I can now play my favourite games on the device and it is simply much more fun. Also, watching my favourite movies on my Lumia 625 is such a delight! One should just experience it once. The phone comes with various apps and all are equally great. The ‘Your Movies’ app is the one which comes to the list of my top favourites. It has got more than 3000 movie flicks which I can download at any point of time at absolutely no cost and can pass my leisure time watching them. I have never seen such a huge library of movies, that too the famous one, in a single mobile phone and this simply makes the device my favourite. The phone looks great too and the curvy design with the semi transparent shield of the phone makes it all the more shiny and lucid. The best part is that I can change the shell colours according to my mood and this way I can match the phone with my clothes whenever I am out with friends. The camera of the device is actually created with finesse! The Nokia Smart Cam app lets me edit the captured images the way I feel like. I can now blur the image backgrounds, remove objects from the snaps, create actions shots and do much more with it. It makes me feel like a professional! The phone also comes with Rs. 16,082 benefit offers and also offers amazing buyback which will let me exchange or upgrade my phone in the nearest mobile store to get the best value within some time. I have also got 6 months free Nokia Music Unlimited offer with the device which lets me stream through a wide range of music files for free and I can upgrade this for another 3 months within 31st of December, isn’t it cool? There are so much more to this device that I have simply fallen in love with it. I love my brother for giving me something so special to me this Diwali. My Lumia 625 has indeed become my best friend now. "
Have been using the phone for 1 week and i haven't encountered any problems as of yet. Best phone you can get under 16K. Do go for it!
I am using this smart phone for last 2month.I feel the overall perfomance of this smartphone is excellent.Touch screen is very fast,Camera is very good,Screen size is very comfortable,Internet is very fast,Applications are quite good,Resolution issue not bothered at all as someone speaking,HD recording,4G provision ,No hang on and many more good you can find out.I mean within this price range it is one of the best with availing best utility conveniently you require in modern day.
its really good phone, < 15 is really worth. compare to Android OS Windows much more better. + big screen gr8 OS display in sun sound speed office - camera weight
i am using this device for more than one month and i am having no issues with neither with the Windows OS nor the phone. people who say there are no apps on windows app store they are wrong the number of apps are less in terms of number but you will find all the useful apps on store and u do not have to worry about viruses because Microsoft has a pretty secure method to check app before it comes on store and every app has better UI than android apps the screen resloution does not affect more even though it has has less ppi than also it is quiet sharp and the internet speeds are awesome (using bsnl 3G) there are some good games also and battery life is awesome without internet i got 5 days and with all day 3G on 1.5 day and its design is far better than Samsung and micromax build quality is also good best phone
Camera Quality is not good. Windows OS lacks Android in terms of Apps Although GUI is really good compare to Android phones Touch is superb
ITS A VERY GOOD MOBILE NO DOUBT...just one problem...NO FILE MANAGER and...there is no way where you can view unsupported file formats on your phone that you have transferred from your laptop or from any other devise..so you cant delete it !! you need to connect your phone to your laptop for deleting ..! not good..! this awesome phone really need a file manager..!! no other problems till now..! my phone is 1 week old now..!
WOW THE PHONE IS JUST AWESOME AS IT COMES TO MY HAND. HATSOFF TO FLIPKART DELIVERY SPEED. THE NOKIA LUMIA 625 IS WORTH BUYING IN SUCH A PRICE WHICH IS SO COMPETITIVE. AND I MUST SAY NOKIA LUMIA SERIES IS GOING TO CAPTURE THE MARKET SOON. SLIM BEAUTIFUL AND RESULT ORIENTED. AS THE THINGS I WANT FROM MY PHONE. ALTHOUGH IT WAS DIFFICULT TO 1ST UNDERSTAND THE PHONE. IT TOOOK ALMOST 3 DAYS TO KNOW HOW TO COPY CONTACTS FROM MEMORY CARD. BUT U C THERE IS A CUSTOMERSUPPORT NUMBER IN THE PHONE ITSELF OF DELHI NOKIA CARE. JUST ASK THEM AND THEY WILL GUIDE U THROUGH. WORTH FOR MONEY... ANDRIOD USERS BEWARE... BCOS THE FIRST 1 MONTH WILL BE SOMEWHAT TIRING UNDERSTANDING THE PHONE AND FEATURES BUT I BET U THE DAY U UNDERSTAND THE FEATURES WILL BE THE DAY IN HEAVEN. HATSOFF TO FLIPKART AND HATSOFF TO NOKIA LUMIA 625...
I am thrilled with Lumia 625, having had earlier Samsung Smarphone's and been badly hurt by the frequent visits to the Customer Care on a repeat month after month - this Lumia 625 has been just superb in performance and much more than a Lap top can deliver when on the move. The pics are crystal clear so is the FM radio highly audible. At last I did get my likeable mobile with a slightest touch!
When you come from Android to Windows phone you feel something we lost. But a week of after using the phone you feel you have awesome device. Whatever important apps you need its available in Store you can download. People who upgrading the Phone from basic to smartphone this very nice phone. 512mb RAM runs so smoothly with all application loaded like Skype, Facebook, Viber, whats up etc.... If its android it will suck in 512mb RAM. Good work Nokia and Windows Phone Lumia 625.
still the best mobile phone maker in the world....best after sales service...best hardware ....consumer friendly prices....all in all an all-rounder company....i cannot trust any other brand but this...
Lumia 625 is one the best smart phones in large screen category. With the (4.7") scratch-resistant screen your stuff be it email, video, photos, applications or Office takes centre stage. I have a traveling job and very often I am in car, airport, hotel lobbies or client locations. The 3G works quite fast especially in comparison to Samsung or other Android phones like Sony or Micromax. I am able to download large email attachments, music or even video files even inside an aircraft till the flight attendant asks me to switch off my phone. So I will give a 10-on-10 on the download and processing speed, which comes with its 1.2GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 processor and 512 MB RAM. I am using my Lumia 625 since last 3 months and till date I did not get problem of phone not responding or application hang. The battery life is great. I am a heavy email, data, voice and music user. The phone easily lasts for 1.5 days after heavy usage on a single charge. The phone has Sturdy build quality; Sporty looks with Sleek User Interface. The best part is the Microsoft Office which is tightly integrated with the phone. I open up excel, word and powerpoints – view them and even make changes to documents. The 7GB Skydrive helps me store the documents I create on my phone and open at home PC or office notebook and vice versa. Applications like Skype, WhatsApp, Yahoo Messenger, Youtube work superb on this phone. Only limitation is storage for which I bought external memory card.
I like the phone very much. I gone to this phone bcs I love nokia. Screen look very big and touch is too good. Apps are also fine . Games are also good
pros. 1) supersonic speed 2) nokia music the best 3. movies for free 4. internet 3g free 5.free ebook from flipkart 6. screenshot in 1 sec disadvantages - no there is no problem
I have bought this phone from other website(First online purchase other than Flipkart ever) in 14K, sorry for that Flipkart you are much expensive. pros:- 1. Windows 8 is cool OS. 2. Battery backup and stability is better than android. 3. Buttery Touch makes it amazing. 4. Build Quality makes royal. 5. Full HD Playback and recording. 6. PR-Installed Amber update which enables FM and flip to silent. 7. Dual Core processor with 512mb Ram which make it fast. 8. Life time Nokia music store free like iTunes where you will get the latest movie and other songs. In build music player is very well coustomize by Nokia. 9. Fast operation,no hanging/lagging. 10. No need of any screen guard. cons:- 1. Headphone's quality is very poor, you have to buy high range headphone only Nokia made. 2. No temple run 2,subway surfers. What is my feelings is i have got more than my expectation in this range. Go for It..... Worth for money. 3.
its really awesome..... eventhough 512mb ram it works out smoothly as compared to 1gb ram of samsung... its big screen iz its main pro...
I used this phone for a weak and changed to xperia c bcoz - 1.There are hanging problems in this phone. 2.There are no speed dail 3.There is no option to select more than 1 photos or to share them on whatsapp. At one time u can send on one image or one messege. 4.There is no continuos of vibration while incoming call. 5.The lights at bottom at windows logo are not working. 6.Their are very less apps in windows store than android market. I take the phone to service center 3 times but they have not resolved the hanging problem.Their is no replace.. So I go for Xperia C
Firstly, very quick delivery. But after getting the phone we got a lot of problem. 1. It will not take the normal sim card. One must have a micro sim. 2. See the product it is made in China. so there is no English language. One have to install some soft ware, for that we have to go to a long distance place. 3. Very difficult to handle.
My friend, who used the Nokia Lumia 625 for a week before giving it away to his sister as her birthday gift, was very encouraging when I expressed my desire to go for the same. I was saving money for quite some time now and was hoping to get the much talked about and much anticipated Windows Phone. After all, who does not want to upgrade to a Windows Phone and enjoy the bunch of extraordinary privileges that comes along with it? Working on the Windows Phone 8, the Nokia Lumia 625 excels in all the fields. It has been just two days with the phone and I can already say it is money well spent. Everything about it is good. Be it the processor or the software platform, the display or the memory, the camera or the apps, it has been giving me enough reasons not to regret buying it. Nokia Lumia 625 has a classic camera that reads as a 5 MP multi feature, multi mode camera with functions that can be easily compared. The camera does such a mind blowing job that I would not be surprised if I behold a stunning picture and get to know that it is not the handiwork of a professional photographer or the product of a regular digital camera taken with the Nokia Lumia 625 and infused with special effects with the help of its apps like Nokia Smart Camera. Another major part of the phone is that it is made up of key components like that of a dual-core 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 makes the phone have the heart of a dragon. In other words, it allows jumping from one app to another, downloading movies and music at great speed and playing adrenaline pumping games at whopping speeds and zero interruptions. Additional features that are crucial to the Nokia Lumia 625’s working and that lend it its signature style, include 4G connectivity, super fast browsing, Microsoft Office, Dolby sound, 8 GB internal storage, a smooth polycarbonate body and so on. The IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen display is another highlight of the phone which has received raved reviews not only from my dad but also my hard to please brother because of its enormous size (read 4.7 inches). And it does not end there. There is 7 GB of SkyDrive storage too. Like all the other Lumia handsets, the Nokia Lumia 625 has become important and famous among Smartphone enthusiasts. It is one of the newest and the most intelligent additions to the range of Smartphones that operates on the Window phone 8 platform and comes with functions that are worthy of all the hype that its maker has created around it. Appropriately priced, the mid range Smartphone has lived up to my expectations. So much so that I have got addicted to fidgeting with it 24*7. I have been carrying the phone with me all the time and everywhere and intend to continue doing the same for many days to come.
Debilitatingly researchful by nature, this cute little guy, to me came as a shock of a birthday gift. I instantly pulled a disgusted face and blurted out stuff to my brother, I'd regret for a long time. "Return it" I said, "A WVGA LCD with 512mb memory in the year 2013?! That too to a hi-res AMOLED, spec crazy performance freak! How insensitive?!" But fate had it that I'd use this lovely little underdog only to realise its value over time. Yes the ram is low and s4 is not the quickest of cats, but it ain't bad. As if Nokia's build quality, fluid amber update together with music+movies bundling do not make it enough bang for buck... THE SUPER SENSITIVE TOUCH, BLINDINGLY BRIGHT & GORGEOUSLY VIVID DISPLAY AND NOKIA's TRADEMARK IMAGING SENSOR MAKE IT A STEAL at 15k... @ that price, GO FOR IT, I SAY.
I own this one and its surely worth a buy.! trust me i dont find any low resolution...dusplay is awsome....its jst upon u how you edit the tiles and keep your phone stylish..in love wd ds phone
Lumia 625 has got excellent battery life. Even though you are charging once for 3 days the device works smoothly. With an offer we are getting this device for a lower price and that is the finest part. For the same price if you are choosing grant, you may not be able to get the upgrade of OS. As of now the apps are less in windows phone , in future this will be the market leader . The music, VDO and photo quality is also excellent, also the bigger screen looks fine. The other model of Nokia , Lumia 820 is no more in the market and now Nokia is focusing on the 25 series , so better go for the W8 experience with lumia 625.
This Phone is perfect....Don't get confused. Lot of people are complaining that the camera is a 5MP however it is giving you a good picture quality 512 RAM is sufficient if you stick to internet browsing only. Nokia is always known for the fast internet.Please note Mobile Phones are not meant to play games :)..Full HD recording.. and Touch is very smooth. the phone gives you a 2 day battery backup which i assume no other smart phone is giving. Overall I am happy with the phone performance
Got It for Rs 15000 from a retail dealer. I agree That initially being launched at price tag approx 20000 rupees it was not worth it. But Now It being available at 15-16 thousand price bracket makes it one of the hottest gadgets around. And For the Record let's stop bitching about WP8 Now.! It has Sufficient apps to live with minus all those gimmicky apps of android. I've used android for 2 years now and I own a Xperia SL besides this phone and take my word it has a much better battery life and more fluid performance. (p.s. the screen despite being a 200ppi is marvelous)
Got the phone on the next day of order (Bangalore) - Flipkart is awesome! Very sleek, large screen, makes the experience really awesome - I am loving it. Disappointed with the lack of games in Windows 8 as well but it has nothing to do with the phone which works very well - Got is for 14k (after 10% cashback on stanchat card) so definitely worth the money!
Initially the price was high, but now it has reduced... Compared to other phone, this is a good buy with features and performance.
Nokia Lumia 625 is Good Phone. I have been Using HTC One X - Andriod phone till now and bought this for change from a mundane phone experience. Pros -The phone Built is very sturdy and of Good quality (Way better then the plastic feel of Samsung) -The OS of the phone is very Light and Fluid. -The Built-in Camera app produces GIF Type images - Its a very Attractive Feature. -I bought it under Diwali Scheme from Flipkart, so got it very cheap. - Around 13k. Great phone for Such Price. -Nokia Lumia Comes with Inbuilt Offline maps - Comes in handy more often. (Download it one and you are good to go) - The music available with Phone is also great. - The Music Quality is also great. - The inbuilt Microsoft Office is great for working class. Cons But there are few major drawbacks compared to Android Phone. -The inbuilt memory is 8Gb - While Installing apps, the file Size shown in the market place is a lie. (For Ex. I Installed Where's my Water - File Size in Store was ~70 mb, Size occupied on my Phone was 761 mb INSANE) This results in Memory issues. -Also the phone does not allow us to store apps on SD Card. Hence IRRITATING Memory Issues. - After using Andriod OS - this OS feels a little rigid. Verdict - If you don't plan on playing too many games(Or at least keeping too many games installed at a time) and if you want to try something new - the phone is great. But there are better Phones Available in Andriod for the same price Range (Samsung Grand - Quattro is great)
I not get that 3G data frm Tata Docomo for 3 months and 6monts double data from Docomo other then this no bad review
Hey guys, I have bought Nokia Lumia 820 at 19000/- which has 1.5 GHz dual core processor and 8 MP camera and it cost more than 19000 and offers 5 MP? Friends, wait for some time or go for 720 or 820 or 920. Don't buy this phone, you will be dissapointed after getting used to its features.
Everything is fine with this phone, fast internet, games and cheaper in price for 4G Smartphone. But in my set window buttons are not lighting...it is for all or just mine only :(
this product is awesome and with larger screen i am enjoying it and camera is good ......................
a good phone !! delivered after only 15 hours of order placing thanks to flipkart !! the phone is a very attractive piece of art as well as a very powerful device !! i just miss the notification drop down from android and ios otherwise this is the best !!
It is good mobile. I have purchase it it is good. Accurate, no problem, all solution. Nice sensor good looking, all music and video supported, every youth first choice, nd all kind of apps in this mobile................
the phone is undoubtedly great .. touch is far better than samsung even works when u wears gluffs.. camera is great in daylight..overall a great deal with the company u can trust upon NOKIA..
It's an awesome experience only drawback is front cam 0.2 mp but still the clarity is soo good and mind lowing features buy it you worth it
this phone is an amazing one....loaded with features and many stuff! the only drawback here is the primary camera thats of jst 5mp ....though the other features make this phone worth d pricw tag..since we get free ebooks +songs and movies! i love it...the glass touch is jst awsum!
well,i got this phone 5 days back from flipkart.it was delivered in 3 days.The nokia LUMIA 625 has the following characteristics:- pros-1.large display(for which I bought) 2.full HD display 3.fast operation,no hanging/lagging 4.good quality glass n cover(looks like a >20k phone) 5.slim 6.very good look(everybody is appreciating) 7.good battery life cons-1.headphone is poor quality 2.camera is average 3.slightly on the heavier side 4.no temple run 2,subway surfers 5.no wireless charging OVERALL,it is a nice looking,faster phone.I m happy with the phone.
The best Smart Phone at 16-17k price range. Got a black color and really happy with the usage of the phone. Was confused between Grand and Lumia 625 , but 625 stands out if we see the physical appearance, Slim and 4.7" screen combination. Single SIM though.
Pros' 625 - Bluetooth v4, faster processor 1.2 Ghz, display 4.7", introductory offer For 720 - Camera 6.7MP carl zeiss, better graphics, nfc, beter pixels per inch (ppi) for 625 dont worry guys, lumia amber update will be there shorly do keep your eyes on lumia 820 much better than these 2
What Nokia thinks that people are fools, 4.7" screen:- no AMOLED Display but costs 19000 /- don't understand............!!! 5 MP primary camera : 8 MP is a must for this one for it's price 0.3 MP secondary camera : very poor. processor :- 1.2 ghz s4 processor for this price range poor selection. RAM : 512 MB.................common ur bloody stuck with 512 RAM ......go for atleast 1 GB RAM. Even Nokia lumia 720 is available for 16,500 /- which is a much better phone than this one. pricing for lumia 625 must have been between 13k - 15k................!!!
The spec is average. Nokia should have priced the device between(13-15)K. Lumia itself is overpriced my 2k to 5K on 520 to 925. Hope Microsoft will get it right. Only Pros are (1)Built quality is decent (2) Changeable back cover. cons: (1)Camera (2)Applications are hard to find and costly.
This is a nice handy, fast phone with Amber update. The high cost is due to the high inflation, high exchange rates & thereby increase in production costs. Its a recent phone compared to 720 & 820. So the inflated cost is reflected in this handset.
