MOBDTHG6J5GUMYB2
Dont Buy this mobile if u want to enjoy heavy games....bcoz it has only 512 mb RAM that is why games like Asphalt 8 is hanging a lot...and also sometimes the game stop responding and automaticaly closes..... Advantage of the Phone is:- 1. Very gud battery backup 2. Camera is also gud 3. Processor is quad core the only con which i have noticed after 10 days of use is that it has 512 mb ram only.....
Pros: 1. Main is the Battery. Long lasting charge. Very good performance after surfing Net, Playing game, listening music, watching videos etc. etc. 2. Quad Core Processor - Really fast for apps. 3. Secondary Camera in this range. Good. 4. 5" Screen. Also good. Cons: 1. 512 MB RAM. Really upset for this. Can't play Real Steel, Subway Surfer, Temple Run etc.. 2. Very heavy weight. You will not like it for sure. 3. Camera not good. Photo quality like 2 MP. Front camera very bad. 4. Internal Memory is so minimum. 5. Android should be 4.4 Kitkat. Overall good phone in this price.......
The battery backup is for about 2 days een when the internet is 24x7 on. The RAM however is a draw back and hence high end games are not very good. The battery discharges quickly only if u use the radio but is good with music and video players. If u are not a gamer then this phone is really good.
A very good phone within the price range of Rs.8500..Battery is superb..Display is good.Camera is nice and better than any other phone of same range.Internal storage is adequate to some extent.All the inbox accessories are working nice.Multi-tasking is done easily with quad core processor.The only con is that it has 512 mb Ram which is not suitable for high end gaming like asphalt or fifa.Temple Run 2,subway surfers play smoothly in the platform.It can easily compete with galaxy core or galaxy grand quattro of samsung.A recent rumour is that after service of micromax is poor but it's all vague and not at all true.They are quite responsive.And so those who have a budget of 9000 go for this set.
This phone is simply awesome with all the feautures which we normally gets in 20000/- phone. Superb disply, camera clarity, etc. I will strongly recomond this phone for everyone. Thanks flipkart.
Please dont buy this phone.Even if the battery is good the phone has a lot of problems.my mobile has been repaired thrice at a micromax care center by changing its software and still not working properly.Within 8 days of my purchase there has been a lot of problems.So please dont buy this hanging phone.!!!!!!!!!!!
dont go by the reviews of other customers it is the best phone in yhis price range the best thing i like about this is its baatery life kal charege kia tha aur 3 din tak chla best are the camera and games it never hangs overall best phone really micromax do what it says
Good option Nice Display Ideal for person who uses the mobile to play small games like angry birds, LD screen reso is good worth the money
I like and Love this phone.....When compare to Samsung and Nokia very good battery backup. long life battery 4000mah for three days (even i too browse a lot) system pick up is good.... camera in day time un beatable one, when compare with all smartphones with 5mp. Large screen........5" display (12.7cms) android jellybean 4.4.2 1.3 Ghz Quadcore processor 512 mb ram other than that very good phone. MICROMAX "Nothing Like Anything"
Do not buy this phone for the following bad features: 1. It takes so more time to respond. very lazy phone. Bogus. 2. Mobile network is very weak. 3. 4000 mAh behaves like 2000 mAh 4. Touch screen is not so better like samsung.
It s a good phone at this segment.Considering the price band it looks worthy enough.However inspite of having a powerfull processor the 512 ram dissapoints.Games lag however you play it.Touch is ok,not very good.And display is very nice.Looks similar to the HD display in my canvas HD.
Very Slow phone, one should not buy at all. Too slow in processing requests. Unable to install too many apps. Never ever will buy any product of Micromax.......................................................
worst model hanging mobile lost my money heavy wait no camera clarity automatically switch of the mobile waste mobile in micromax
Bought this phone a week back without checking its features. A damn slow phone with such a hard touch (After being a HTC user for 3 yrs). It takes ages to respond. Thot of changing it the vry nxt day i bought it. Customer care of Micromax seems to be in some other world. Doesnt pick call, toll free no does not exist. A worthless phone. So heavy to carry. In built sound in phone is bad too. Only advantage is 4000 mah Battery. Sincere Advice dont go for it.
Wonderful handset with long battery for about 10 days ( When Data is not on). Ultimate Handset at a lower price
Lets directly move to pros and cons ........ Pros. V good battery life Good Screen Size touch was responsive Tough mobile, So breakage possible Mobile comes with screen guard Cons.. As 512 RAM not for game lovers Heavy
VERY GOOD BATTERY BACKUP AND GOOD CAMERA QUALITY. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS MOBILE MOSTLY BATTERY .CONTINUE 2 DAYS WORKING IN NET
this is good mobile.this is better than other mobiles. this is nice mobile. i it very like much. this is goods company.i need this mobile.this is need my family members.
The only good thing is its long lasting battery. Except that the mobile is going to make you cry as it is very very slow. U will have to wait for substantial amount of time if you want to make a call and open the contacts. This is only one example. I do not understand why companies make such an attempt to present an android with 512 MB RAM . Never buy this mobile.
This phone only has an advantage of its battery..others all features are bad. 512mb ram...even small games like subway surfers,temple run,etc gets hanged... problems started jus after 2 months after i bought d phone...the phone hangs every time i recommend others not 2 buy this phone...itz jus a waste of money..
I took this handset for my friend. So I cant say exactly. I just asked my friend after one week about the set. He said its working nice. Thanks
Please dont buy this phone. its very bed i have purchase it have lot of issue like charging jack related and display related. and micromax services is not good please dont buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
micromax a96 battry good but ram 512 not good hanking problem and other function is good only hanking problem game and facebook
GENERAL FEATURES Brand Micromax Business Features Document Viewer, Kingsoft Office Handset Color Black Form Bar Call Features Loudspeaker Model Name Canvas Power Touch Screen Yes SIM Type Dual Sim, GSM + GSM Model ID A96 CAMERA Video Recording Yes, 720 x 1280 Secondary Camera Yes, 0.3 Megapixel Flash LED HD Recording HD Primary Camera Yes, 5 Megapixel MULTIMEDIA Video Player Yes, Supports 3GP, MP4, HD Music Player Yes, Supports WAV, MP3, MIDI FM Yes INTERNET & CONNECTIVITY Audio Jack 3.5 mm Preinstalled Browser Android Bluetooth Yes, v3 Navigation Technology with Google Maps Internet Features Email Wifi Yes USB Connectivity Yes 3G Yes OTHER FEATURES Sensors G-Sensor Phone Book Memory Yes Call Memory Yes SMS Memory Yes SAR Value At the Head - 0.56 W/Kg, At the Body - 0.56 W/Kg Important Apps Spuul, Opera Mini, Hike Messenger, M! Live Additional Features Intuitive Text Input and Spell Check Features DISPLAY Resolution FWVGA, 480 x 854 Pixels Type TFT Size 5 Inches Color 16.7 M WARRANTY Warranty Summary 1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and 6 months warranty for in the box accessories BATTERY Talk Time 13 hrs (2G) Standby Time 450 hrs (2G) Type 4000 mAh MEMORY AND STORAGE Expandable Memory microSD, upto 32 GB Memory 512 MB RAM, 4 GB ROM Internal 1.44 GB (Apps), 1.14 GB (User Memory) PLATFORM Operating Freq GSM - 900, 1800; UMTS - 2100 OS Android v4.2 (Jelly Bean) Processor 1.3 GHz MTK 6582M, Quad Core
Micromax canvas power 96 is good battery back up 4000mah battery and 1.3 quad core processor, only drow back is 512 ram, battery charge still alive 2 days average use, my oppinion its good handset.
Bought the canvas power. Loved it initially for the battery life. The phone began to hang with usage due to poor specs. Figured it was better than 20$ Nokia that I usually use when my smartphones run out of battery. The phone began to have charging issues since the connector got loose (Expected!! cheap android) The nightmare began when I decided to visit the Micromax care centre in Malviya Nagar. It's a complete culture shock. You feel you are transported into rural India of the 1980s where customers are treated like herds of cattle and executive are free to shout at customers. Every single customer was crying about how they came in for one problem and landed up with a different set of problems. I had an elitist attitude since I felt the poor peasant customers obviously didn't know how to handle their smartphones. I was so wrong!! First I get multiple messages on my phone that it is ready to be picked up. When I arrive, I realize, it's not traceable. The next time I come I thank the lords above that the phone was traceable. I was told it got okay, was asked to sign on a piece of paper and was shooed away from the scene. When I cross questioned the executive that it was important for me to see it was working, they decided to move away from their desk for 10 minutes with the hope that I get frustrated and leave. When the executive was back he decided to do a frantic search for a Micro-USB charger (something one would expect a Micromax care centre would have). Then he told me the only way it can be tested is if he connects to his laptop. I wasn't very comfortable with this since I already caught him browsing through the galleries of other customer devices. Anyway, in the usual Indian way, he said 'kuch nahin hota' and decided to plug my phone into the laptop despite my refusing consent. I was helpless yet not sure if I should loose my cool like all the other shouting customers. Then after about 20 minutes when my phone began to show 2 bars of charge, he tries to switch it on....then he tells me the mother board is bad and can take upto 2 weeks to repair. He said he cannot give any details in writing about this new complication and no upfont time commitment! This is when I realized....all these brands are use and throw for a reason.... dealing with their customer support will cost you more than what you paid for the phone. Never buying any of these shit brands again no matter what the price is!!
There was a time when sitting beside my charger whole day was a part of life. Totally fed up seeing myself sitting near the wall, charging my phone, so were my friends. This is when one of my friend SAM told me about this device, a phone with big battery. "He used to be a cool guy but, but was turning timid and extremely annoying everyday - having several outburst a day, he was getting kind of paranoid with his battery vows" said Sam. I quickly ordered it from Flipkart and this was a life changer for me. I now I am back to be cool, a rockstar among friends and use my phone like a cheetah, thanks to Sam - my life saver. Guess what, my ex gf who was dating my ex GF's ex BF lately, now wants to be back with me. My family is happy too, I am spending ":the once charging time" with them now. With 2 days of backup and features like USB OTG(cable included). Life wasn't so simple and relaxing before. Thanks to Flipkart, Micromax and SAM
I am using this phone since past 2 months. Its just superb in terms if battery backup. Using 3G connection 24X7 for many apps and emails, it works a wonder. Battery needs to be charged just once in 2 days with full use. Documents processing is also good, pdf ppt word excel etc. Camera is not good at all, lack of auto focus feature does not allow to take close pics, appear blurry. Cant shoot in low light. Camera is just for name sake. Processing is slow, at times too slow, but workable. Does not hang though. Never heats while using for long time for games or while charging. I am happy after 2 months of usage. Another wonderful product by Micromax.
Please dont buy this phone.Even if the battery is good the phone has a lot of problems.my mobile has been repaired thrice at a micromax care center by changing its software and still not working properly.Within 7 days of my purchase there has been a lot of problems.So please dont buy this hanging phone.!!!!!!!!!!
best as per my requirement, but it would be better if the RAM is 1GB instead of 512 MB. Sometimes the fone gets hung during gaming, battery performance is very good.
superb battery and satisfactory performance. best suited for basic operations like office documentation, projection, video operations.
I just bought this new powerful mobile for my father.. Let me tell u first, battery back is awesome.. no doubt about it.. Yes, there are some compromises in touch feel, but except that phone is really good....!!!!
I have done and now I have the best mobile in 10000 range. it became the beast it just rocks I have installed real racing 3 and it played with no lags.
excellent phone value for money those who are in business or professionals this is perfect phone who docent bother about games there are so many options are available in market but this is excellent phone only thing is that ram is 512 which is ok if you are happy with the price and features and specially battery i haven't seen battery like this in any smart phone rather then Micro-max i have just switched from Iphone 4 to this. strongly recommended for commercial use
well, the phone looks attractive in the beginning, but the touch is not good comfortable, the battery is exceptionally good. the 5 mega pixel camera is pathetic n i feel the clarity is very dull, the flash seems to be litle less powerful. i purchased this phone @ 7224 Rs. so it was a good deal in this price.
Good product. Reached in good condition. Good packing. Features are good. Hope Battery life will get for many days(Because 4000 mah is available). Felt really fast browsing. easy to connect through wifi. Setting values are easy for a normal user. ok.in every manner.
good phone in every sense ..only 1 disadvantage in this mobile is RAM which is only 512 mb n it sometimes lags alot n does not respond...otherwise the mobile is superb wid outstanding battery backup n nice sound clarity ....
Micromax Canvas Power A96 is very good GSM product looks very nice,features are good comparing to other GSM device this has got more facilities very important say battery back up is very good.
