MOBDRMSSDB93BMQN
Totally value for money product..every thing is fine with this phone touch is awesome sound and futures are very good all APPS are working properly gaming is good with this phone totally worth for money
What use does a physician get out of a Lava Iris 402+? I’ll tell you – in functionality, the dual sim feature in this phone is perfect for me to balance patient calls and personal calls, well that is when I get the time to even look at my phone. Accessing medical journals and ongoing research in medicine is easy with apps on Android. The 4 inch screen with a vivid display makes viewing images interesting and elaborate. Although my phone remains untouched most of the time, I’ve actually gone two days without having charged the battery. On a goofier note, the shake control feature of this phone makes it a joy just to change music or receive calls just by shaking your phone. I believe I’ve gotten my money’s worth out of the phone and so would you.
My parents gifted the Lava Iris 402+ to me as my first ever cell phone, Yay! I’ve always wanted my first phone to be an android with at least a 4 inch screen, seems like my parents took me quite literally. It comes with cool features like shake to pick up calls,change music etc. The best feature ever is its amazing sound quality – loud and clear. I can hear my playlist from the next room, that’s how good it actually is. Its camera takes pretty pictures of decent quality which don’t become dull once you upload them on to your PC. When it comes to games of course, how can you forget the joy of playing angry birds without a snag on your 4 inch screen. I’ve heard that gaming is so smooth because of its 1.2 GHz dual core processor. I’m so happy that the Iris 402+ is my first phone.
I was looking for an affordable smart phone for under 10,000 and what should I find but the Lava Iris 402+ which is for merely 5,000 rupees. I use it extensively during my hour long commute for playing the awesome games that you can easily download for free on the Android Play Store. The 3 mega pixel camera takes decent enough pictures and is thankfully aided by a flash. And I’m glad that the phone has a front camera which I can use for video calling with my clients. The sensitive touch screen is of course an added advantage. I truly believe that the Iris 402+ is a good buy.
My elder sister gifted me my long awaited smart phone in the form of a petite looking Lava Iris 402+. I’ve been hankering her for one ever since she landed a job. Initially I explored the Nokia Asha too, but figured that the same features are readily available on the Iris 402+ for a batter bargain. The biggest bonus is its long battery life considering the fact that one of many messenger apps is always running on my phone. I’ve been playing so many games and downloading, n number of photo-editing software on it ever since I encountered the Play Store. The overall a freaking steal.
just ok not great all functions are well ,,,but note very very poor camera and led flash its like funny light ,,, so in my opinion please buy karbonn a12+ not lava iris 402+ .
first of all thanx flipkart for the fab service and speedy delivery, and a huge amount of respect to Lava....trust me dis phone has evrythng...literally evrythng....1.2 Ghz processor, android jellybean, 4 inch display and an awesome camera, which is gud even for low lite shooting...the shake features embedded in this phone are also nice...i wonder if at this price lava can give such a product, how good the more expensive phones wud be...
i have been a samsung user all my life...after my galaxy grand was stolen last week..i had to buy a budget phone for myself as its substitute...thus i bought this phone...but was pleasantly shocked to find that it is far more technically sound than other more expensive phones...just in love wid its shake to call and shake to change music feature....Lava has broken the myth that less expensive phones cannot be good
if you are a frequent traveller like me and have to make business trips almost every month than there is no othr gadget u shud choose excpt this... i am a fashion designer and have to travel various places in search of the right fabrics, my work involves a lot of research,thanks to the excellent 3G connectivity offered by this phone,i can easily shuttle to and fro from mumbai to anywhere in india and still enjoy great browsing experience.
I purchased the Lava Iris 402+ a couple of days back and I’m really happy with the functionalities I’ve received in this phone at such an affordable price. My usage is limited to business transactions and keeping in touch with clients and vendors, for which this phone is great as it has provisions for 3G and wi-fi network connectivity along with email and browser applications. Besides these, there are many other apps on the Play Store which makes it a good business phone. Besides these, the phone’s 4 inch screen with a display resolution of 480x800 pixels makes the occasional movie viewing experience a pleasure. I don’t have much use for the camera but the 3 megapixel rear camera accompanied by flash and a front camera are ok.
The Lava Iris 402+ is a breath of fresh air thanks to its awesome ‘Shake to Control’ feature. This lets you skips to the next song in your playlist without opening the music player and skipping the song manually. You have no idea how useful this feature is in cold weather where I don’t have to take your gloves off like I had to do with my old phone. Now, I just need to shake the phone to change the music. I am quite surprised that no other manufacturer has thought of this yet. Thanks Lava!
I’ve been using the Lava Iris 402+ for about a month now and I am genuinely very pleased with its overall performance. I especially like it because it has so many functionalities on top of being a full-fledged smart phone at such a pocket friendly price. The 4 inch display comes with a resolution of 480x800 pixels and watching videos is real fun. The 1.2 GHz dual core processor makes the movie and gaming experience slick like oil. Despite the dimensions of the phone, it’s pretty lightweight. The dual camera with flash are an added bonus and pictures taken with the rear camera are of nice enough quality. I find that the touch sensitivity of this phone is decent according to its price range. The 1500 mAh lasts for quite some time with moderate usage.
I have been on the lookout for a proper smart phone in and around the 5000 rupees range and a few people suggested that I buy the Nokia Asha 501 but I’m really glad that I discovered the Lava Iris 402+ at a similar price but which has much better features than the former. The 4 inch screen is pure awesomeness and you can watch movies and play games and it all feels pretty life like. The 3 megapixel camera takes nice pictures and also has a flash to support quality photography in low-light. The secondary cam is pretty useful for clicking self portraits and video calling say with Skype. Although the inbuilt memory is on the lower side, it can be expanded up to 32GB and you have more than enough space to store all the apps, photos, videos, songs and games you truly need.
I purchased the Lava Iris 402+ a few days back and I am really satisfied with the product so far. It’s a serious upgrade from my old HTC Desire that I bought second hand. The 4 inch screen with capacitive touch requires a light hand and makes operating this phone is smooth as silk. Since I’m a complete movie buff, the 480x800 pixel screen resolution makes watching videos and movies a totally rad experience. Considering the moderately heavy usage, I have to say that the battery life is pretty decent on this phone specially considering the price range that it comes in. You can also go on the Android Play Store and hunt for these totally cool video applications which makes video viewing a lot of fun. This phone is a complete steal at this price and people should totally go for it.
It was a gift for my father, and I would say I was really impressed by the quality of the phone given the price. One less star due screen quality and viewing angles are not that great, again the price plays a factor here, but overall a good budget phone. RECOMMENDED by me :)
The phone contain all the feature a smartphone contains. The price design and quality is awesome. the con in this is the camera which is 3.0 mp and the battery back-up up to some. Apart from this the phone is best in this range.
Great phone for the price... Lava Iris 402+ is great.. I had read many reviews after placing the order in flipkart, and was confused whether to cancel my order or not. But now I feel that it would have been a foolish decision if I had done so. I can recommend the Lava Iris 402+ to anyone without hesitation and am giving 96 marks out of 100...
lava company gives 1 year warranty on every handset but they are unable to solve problem of customer throughout one year and then told your warranty period now expired in this way lava froud with customer. customer care told/reply only "hum aapko samajate hai hame khed hai " but do not give solution customer care raised hand towards service center and service center to customer care. 0 RATING TO LAVA. all employee was sleeped when i was suffering from many problems lastly i tired and left this as thinking waste of money/donation to lava.
This Phone is the best phone which i ever had and this is my first phone I got.' Its features are so cool.
Durable, Stylish, Equipped with all necessary features at this price range. Good Customer service. Looks expensive but fits your budget. Android Jelly bean, GPS, 3G, All packed in one phone. Got for it
I have bought this phone on the month of February this year.On the 4th day I found a defect on the camera of this phone.I just changed the camera instead of sending it back to flipkart. aftr 3 more months i found my headphone was not serving music in both earpieces and the lock key is not working properly and the I just cant hear the sound while I am in a call. So I took that to the service center and they said that your motherboard needs to be replaced. SO I want aware you my friends that think before you r going to buy the phone whose all parts got damaged within 4 months,in spite using with extra care. JAAGO GRAHAK JAAGO !!!!!!!!!!
Good Design compact device battery back up is not much and for charging fully to much time is taking performance is average display is good add on applications and are good both front and back cameras are good in day light but in night its very difficult to see the images worth for the amount I have paid I request you to buy if you want a budgeted phone with maximum functionalities
Excellent phone .. all features of a high-end true smartphone are present .. everything is working fine .. no problem at all .. it supports all kinds of apps and games .. build quality is very good ... processor, ram camera, multitasking etc. are superb .. a whole day long battery backup for everyday use .. in one word this budget smartphone is a 'Pocket Dynamite' .. simply awesome .. the best in its class and price range ..
I am writing this review after 3 months of usage. Initially I was skeptical about buying this lava brand phone. But trust me, this is a great phone. Even with so many applications and games installed in it, the phone runs smooth and there is no lag whatsoever. Haven't faced any heating issues either. Battery lasts for almost two days with moderate usage and more than one day with heavy usage. Build is good too. I dropped it twice on the floor but nothing happened to this mobile which is not he case even with branded mobiles. Headset is bit of a low quality but that is acceptable for this price band. Happy to give stars for this product. And thanks to Flipkart and WS Retail for delivering it in less than two days.
I bought LAVA Lava Iris 402+ just one month back and decided not to write the review in a short time span. First there was issue with the Microphone of the set so it got exchanged by Fipkart on a short notice but after some days again getting shaking and noisy sound in the phone, so as I guess there must be the problem in speaker this time, and Flipkart also failed to provide exchange service as I had complained on 32nd day after the purchase. From my experience I will not suggest anyone to waste your money on domestically/in-house non-tested product like LAVA, please refrain from this brand.
Hi Guys, It was a really good phone in this price range, Pros: Good internet speed, Good Memory,nice flip cover,2g also works fast cons: Camera quality
This product i have used last 2 weeks it is amazing phone it has 2g + 3g network with 1.2 GHz processor with android. Its processing speed was also good do snot hang and apps also works properly only one thing is missing is sensors. everything is good in phone. Its unique feature is shake to hang up call and shake to change music. I am very happy with this product. i telling u all the customer who having low budget price but more feature go this product LAVA Irish 402+
below 6000 /- phone its k... only one disadvantage... the time of charging was very high... minimun 4 hour charged then oly reached.. 100 % charge... other mobile feature is good.. camera quality it's k...
It's working very good till the date i commented on flpkrt. very good phone with fast processing speed,good quality camera rear and front. Also the delivery of mobile was also good with in 3-4 days i got it. if someone wants buy it than dont think twice. go and grab it,.... i giving 4 stars becoz i have received black color earphone but my mobile is of white color.
Lava 402+ is somewhat good as samsung galaxy star pro.It has an added feature front camera other than the star pro. But the camera clarity is not so good and the battery charge will not remain more than a day. As an android OS 4.2.2,all the apps are working like all other branded phones.Lava care app is an inbuilt application to find out the nearest lava service centre. We can update the Android jellybean4.2.2 OS to its own version but cannot update to the newer versions like Kitkat. The box also contains flipcover and screen guard other than the normal accessories.
Guys, This mobile really rocks, i bought it from flipcart for 5800bucks, it is paisa wasool since its looks are awesome, features of shake & answer or change music is just worth ur money, body of phone too is good & strong, looks like 10000 up like mobile... go for it guys
This Is My First Shopping Item On Flipkart.com My Many Friend's When See My Mobile They Think It's Samsung Mobile, Because Lava Iris 402+ Look Is Really Awesome... Sound Quality And Specially Video Clarity Is Really Good, Battery Life Is Also Good, Camera Is Also Nice..... Lava iris 402+ Is Really Nice Smartphone... Thank You Flipkart....
I received this phone much earlier then the delivery date. I was very happy and was very much impressed with the phone and flipkart but the phone developed display problem the I called flipkart for support, they said that their technical team will call me in 24 hrs, but i didnt received any call, then again I called, the person who received the call, said few steps like how to reset the phone (hard reset), I said that I already did it still the problem exists and its a hardware problem, next day I received a call flipkart technical prrson to her I said what I did (as I am an Robotics (R&D) and a senior robotics trainer) I said the steps which I did to hardreset because, the phone developed the display problem and there is nothing displayed, thanks to flipkart the immediately sent me a new phone. Good Service from flipkart and the phone is excellent too
i am giving 1 star less out of 5 due to its battery backup while surfing and camera quality in night. otherwise its a mind blowing phone at 5000 bucks. amazing speed. and battery works very well whiile audio calling. go for it if u want a good phone below 6000. actually lava is giving all things in 5000 which samsung gives at 10000.
This phone actually delivers more than I had expected. Touch is responsive, camera is decent. Overall a good buy. One must definitely consider it as an option for kids.
this is very good phone is this price segment. this camera is nothing in night, touch is some time irritates you.. except that this is a very good budget phone..
This is one of the best Smart Phone at this price and I would like to share the plus point and drawback are as follow according to me :- 1. All function are running nicely. 2. Sometime touch will irritate you. . 3. It has the ideal size, you can carry easily. 4. Battery performance is below Standard. 5. You can play your maximum of favorate games including Temple Run-2 etc 6. It has the fantastic look like a costly Smart Phone. 7. Sound Quality is acceptable. 8. It has the feature to shake to pic./ cut phone and to change songs. 9. Camera with Flash is just okay. At last I would say that you can go with this product for normal / regular use.
it is the best android mobile i ever used. mainly battery backup is very good the battery can last 1.5 days. If you use the "Schedule On/Off" feature of Android, you can get up to 2 days easily.touch is awesome. no lag/hang. temple run, hill climb racing does not lag the mobile. gps,3g working very well,hd video recording.i have not face any problem since 1 month.awesome product. grt value for money
Its the best buy phone as compared to its value/cost. It has features which other high phones lack in their list. Its the best phone for people shifting to or are new to Android technology. all features loaded phone which is really smart.:-)
Awesome product ,,, great value for money ... superb service from Flipkart !! The phone is real value for money and is really cool to use. feels like a high end phone (and I use an S4) . This is the first time I've bought a Lava phone and am really impressed with the build quality, specs, accessories, packaging and most importantly ... the pricing !!
I had bought LAVA B8 sometime back. I had been to Madikeri. Coz of moisture its display had problem. Phone was working well and good and display was blank. So i gave in Mangalore LAVA service center and after a week they tell me that display cannot be replaced, LAVA has no Spare displays. So i had to throw that phone. After that never even see LAVA phone specifiations
This is very good phone. Everything is fine. Battery is quite good in view of this price point n camera, sound also nice n laoud. Every game is running smoothly. No lag. I love this phone very muchly. Thnx. Lava n flipcart for fast delivary.
BEST phone under 6000 lava 402+ touch+ 3g+ gaming+ clarity of video+ user interface+ sound+ looks+ no lags+ only point of CONS is battery backup but gives 12 hrs backup on normal use
The features of this phone and my experiences: 1. Resolution of 480x800 – I can watch youtube videos and the images are quite crisp and clear. 2. 4 inch screen – the perfect size for me as it fits in my pocket without creating a bulge. 3. Shake Feature – Do not use it much, but use this feature once in a while when I am bored to change music tracks 4. Flip Cover & Screen cover - came free with the phone. Always happy to get the basics right! 5. RAM + ROM – Have expanded through external storage. So issues here. Can play all my favourite games like Temple run, candy crush, angry birds and agent dash. 6. 3 MP camera – I’m satisfied with this because it has zoom, flash, face detection and panoramic view which is more than what I need in a camera 7. 1500 mAh battery – It’s pretty decent. Lasts long enough and I don’t feel the need to carry a portable charger every time I step out of the house. On the whole, I’m satisfied with the Lava 3G 402+.
I love this cell phone! The Lava 3G 402+ has great features for its price range (around 5,499/- INR) and works just as well as any other smart phone. I like the clarity offered on the 4 inch screen which happens as a result of the 480x800 resolution. The internal memory is also pretty decent (4 GB) and I’m planning to buy an SD card to expand it soon (it can be expanded up to 32GB). Quite happy with my purchase decision!
I have always wanted a smart phone and always considered it a big investment. The Lava 3G 402+ costs around 5,499/- INR and its turning out to be perfect for me. Here’s the best part – just because it’s budget friendly, it doesn’t mean that the features are compromised. It has a beautiful 4 inch screen and the phone design is not bad either. There is minimal branding on the phone which gives the phone a clean look. It has a 4GB internal memory with 32 GB expandable memory and a battery capacity of 1500 mAh, enough to last entire day with moderate to high usage. This is a 3G enabled phone with dual sim feature which works for me as my office number has 3G activated. Overall a decent buy.
The Lava 3G 402+ is, to put it simply, amazing. I like the fact that it weighs just 124 gms so it’s easy for just slip it in my pocket and carry it around. It has better design than most bar phones available in the market, quite robust and feels elite to carry around also. The phone also comes with a free flip cover and 2 extra screen guards. The operating system is Android 4.2.2 (Jellybean)and I am quite fond of the neat interface. I’m glad I bought this phone.
Last year, I bought the Lava Iris 501 and was very happy with that however, since I like to buy new phones often, I switched to the Lava 3G 402+ recently. It is an amazing phone. The multi finger capacitive 4 inch touch screen allows me to play games and switch screen with ease. It supports dual sim cards which helps me separate my work and personal life easily. I bought this phone in metallic brown and it looks incredible in that colour. The only negative is the internal memory, but just like other smartphones in this range, it is at par.
I’ll be quite honest, I bought this phone because I broke my old phone and needed a budget friendly replacement for a while. However, I have been pleasantly surprised since I bought it. As an android smart phone, it is just as good as my old phone (even though I had to pay a bomb for that one!). The internal memory is 4GB which I expanded to 8 GB (the phone has 32 GB expandable memory) so I can store all my pictures and videos without having to face glitches. One thing I love about this phone is that it doesn’t become warm when I talk for too long the way my old phone did. Great work, Lava 3G 402+!
An affordable phone with some really interesting features, Lava Iris 3G 402+ is the next step in the Lava chapter. I have always owned one Lava phone or the other. The reason being that the pricing is really pocket friendly and you get a smart phone with an Android OS, in this case the Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2 that is supported by the 1.2GHz dual core processor. The phone’s functioning is glitch free, just very easy and simply smooth. The new shake feature enables the owner to answer/disconnect a call with a shake of the phone. The same principle applies to the music – shake to change song. It’s a great feature meant to add convenience to the user’s experience. The 3 megapixel camera is optimum for the price of the phone and the added HD recording feature makes up for the lack of a higher pixel-density camera. I applaud Lava’s commendable job with the Iris 3G 402+.
I don’t own the Lava Iris 3G 402+, yet. I just happened to borrow it from a friend to test it out and it’s super awesome. First of all, compared to my old Nokia Asha, it’s a smart phone. Next, the pricing of the phone is so awesome for which you get the Android Jelly Bean with a 1.2 GHz dual core processor. Though the camera is only 3 megapixel, the fancy thing is that it is capable if HD video recording. But the coolest of all features that has been built into this phone is the Shake-Shake feature, as I like to call it. With the winters in, and gloves on, you don’t need to struggle with gloves to answer or cut any call. You simply shake the phone and it all happens on its own. The same goes for shuffling music- shake, and the song changes instantly. I’m really glad Lava has introduced this feature.
I purchased the Lava Iris 3G 402+ after my phone got flushed into the toilet. Since money is always a constraint when you’re a college goer, I was looking for a smart phone that is not just affordable but has a bunch of cool features. I’m so glad that Lava came out with one such product, whose pricing is fair but within that you get – a 4 inch screen which is ideal since it looks like a phone and not a tablet, the Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2 OS that is accompanied by a 1.2 GHz dual core processor which makes the phone smooth, fast and efficient, next is the 3 megapixel rear camera with flash and a VGA front camera which I personally feel could have been better but nevertheless works really well for the price, and finally the battery which lasts about 4 hours which is the average for any smart phone that is used actively. Cheers, Lava!
i bought this phone for its low price and to use 3G internet but the more i use it the more i fall in love with it....the most amazing feature that I'm quite sure no other phone has it till date it that, you can receive or end calls just by shaking ur cell,u can also change music tracks just by a shake...sexy..
Lava has understood the needs of a budget-android-phone buyer here. It is a compact device with everything that you need. The initial feel of the phone itself was very good. The plastic quality seems better than Micromax. Would definitely recommend this phone for people looking for an around 5K phone. I got this phone for 5199 from Flipkart, and surprisingly, the rate went up by 550 Rs. within 2 minutes. Got lucky, I guess. Go ahead and buy it.
It has good features. But RAM Very worst. Need min 1GB RAM to run for good graphics games and multitasking support.
