MOBDRMH4SBYNBF2U
This review is not pertaining to this particular model. This review is to give you an idea about that company Xolo a600 Looks are good. Camera is useless. The back cover started degenerating from day 2. The mobile's touch screen failed after 3 months. Its OK, some electronic devices can do fail, it happens. Given at the Service point at Jayanagar Bangalore (Work order 310000446896). When you ask if the set is ready, they will say pls call after 10 days. This is how they reply to email "Inconvenience regretted, we have escalated your concern to our backend team. We will get back to you ASAP". Thats all. The senior manager at this service center will never take the phone. And finally the set was delivered 2 months later. It was a WHITE one instead of the BLACK one that I have given with a used back cover. I have decided to live with it as it is useless to spend more time on this cheap stuff. These people are surviving in these simple principles 1) Be good on looks to trap gullible people. 2) Compromise on camera to make it cheap. 3) Dont invest on customer care as it will increase the overall cost of running the 'firm' These sort of companies are never going to last... 4) when the market realy flops change the name to Polo and come up with new ad campagin
I have used this phone heavily and I feel the phone is fast, super stable and price is (let me say it out loud!) way lesser than its peers at this specification. Pro: Processor:Processor gets a big five. Fast processor OS :Stock android jellybean experience is a bliss. No Skins, no bloats. Network :4G LTE TDD(Virtually none of the phone at even pretty high range have this except LG G2), 3G (feels faster than usual 3G chips, but that just me!) Ram :1Gig but feels more than sufficient. Utility software: Xolo has bundled a power manager which notifies apps which keep the phone awake and eat up the battery. This comes handy for all those naughty background running apps feasting on the battery. Also a security utility is bundled which covers the basic phone finder and the usual basic security bits. FM Radio: Pretty obsolete these days. But xolo 900 lt got hardware FM tuner too! Thats a plus. Screen: Resolution is great! Color reproduction is also good. Overall: I was amazed the phone performed so well in all classes and has no loose ends and neither to complain. The battery is a little less. But I have a 5000 Mah powerbank always with me. The less Mah Battery usually charges fast and more often on a single charge of powerbank. This is a super phone. Skype, Hangout Video call all work flawlessly and I have not yet seen a single crash or slowdown. Cheers!
Even though its a 1.5 Ghz dual core device,it is more powerful than all other quad core mediatek devices xolo has shipped up to date. The chipset is a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 plus MSM8960 dual core device coupled with Adreno 225 GPU. It has decent specs for the price. It comes with a 1810mAh Battery.If you are gonna use this on 4G,the battery is sure gonna run out in a day. Rs 9000 device xolo Q700 ships with a mightier 2400mAh one,why can't the include a similar powered battery in this device. !!
I've seen most of the other reviews.One of them claims that his Xolo LT900 went bad in 5 months.I do not believe this because at the time of writing this review it is january 2014 and the phone was released on the december of 2013. As for the phone, I found it to be good.My cousin already own a Xolo handset and he has faced no problems either.Servicing is not a problem.It has a good pixel density(almost 342 ppi) a phone with similar pricing will normally have about 200ppi.A good pixel density ensures clarity in the screen ie the pictures or display is crisp.It has 5 point multi touch which means you can use 5 fingers on the screen at once.The screen has a 720p HD resolution which is quite good and adequate for a phone.It has 1GB of RAM(i found this to be less ie 1GB of RAM is not adequate for phones these days).It is 4G enabled ,which mean your maximum download speed would be 68Mbps(bandwidth) and upload speed would be 17Mbps(bandwidth).The flash on the device is not that great although it has dual LED flash.It has HD recording at 1080p on the main camera and 720p on the front facing camera(face camera).Picture quality is also pretty good.It has 8 GB of phone memory and supports micro SD card till 32 GB.Battery comes to about 13 hours on medium usage in 3G networks.I found the build quality to be good .although the back panel is plastic it seems to be of good quality.The phone is sleek and light too. Hope this helped:)
Dont ever go for XOLO. you will suffer with the service. My mobile is in service center since 3 months.
The best 4G LTE phone so far for all the features it has. I was just waiting for Moto X feature specs and price to arrive. The price difference is simply too high and not worth it. For proximity sensor and flip camera, 8 thousand more? 2GB Ram fine, but XOLO does well with 1GB RAM too. LT900 on the other hand has all the best features expected - 4GLTE, 1 GB ram, good response, Corning Gorilla Glass. Expandable memory. And Android 4.2.
Hi, I have been looking for TD-LTE 2300 Enabled phone for long time and found XOLO LT900 to be good fit. I Purchased it from local store and have been using it for more then 3 months. In Indian Market LTE is currently working on only Airtel Network In 4 Metro Cities, So If you really want to enjoy high speed Internet then go for it, Yes Battery Life is not up to Standards , However it has been working gr8 for me so I am satisfied with it.
do not buy this rubbish brand...no service at all..you will have to bribe executives to get stuff done...mind you no parts of xolo are available in the market so getting it fixed from outside is out of the question.... very bad hardware..my phone went bad in 5 months....stay away buy a known brand with decent after sales...
now as Airtel launched 4G mobile services in kolkata , bangalore etc people who want to experience 4G speed in affordable price can buy this smartphone without any doubt because in 4G a normal bollywood movie of 750 Mb -800 Mb downloads in 10-15 seconds time at the breath taking speed of 100 Mbps -1Gbps but as far as i see only disadvantage of this smartphone has very less mah battery which is not sufficient for a 4G devices but on the other hand people cant get a 4G devices in the price of 15000 i guarantee so i recommend everyone to purchase this 4G smartphone
Pro: Price Cons : Calls drop in 95% of calls. When in pocket screen gets easily unlocked and makes calls Battery quickly drops from 60% to 20% Stereo socket has design defect - you can hear only if you remove the back cover. Battery charing pin gets easily displaced Netwrok Reception is unstable GPS takes time to lock Battery barely lasts a day Speaker is low
LTE Feature - India not available , Airtel providing LTE service only for iPhone not to other phone. so no use for us User Interface - not worth... calls are going when we browse contacts Display - it is pure glass , so more chance to get break... Battery capacity is very less. headset is not worth & given single size ( big one).
Xolo specs looks awesome. with 1.5 ghz snapdragon nd most importantly 4.3 inch screen its awesome phone. But battery 1800 mah come on atleast it should be 2000 mah. it is serious competition to high end phones. Increase battery life.
The battery life sucks and i have to charge on average 3 times a day to 100% charged phone and my use is moderate, no games or videos or music i play, use it only to make calls and some social media. Secondly, have issue with the screen getting stuck after u make call and screen disapperas and no way i can get it back to cut the phone or to open any other menu, Also on contacts access it sometimes gets stuck and i have to wait for over a min till i can access the contacts and dial or do anything with it.
Not worthy one for this rate,even quad core mobile in xolo brand rate is below Rs.9000 compare to this xolo Q900 is better in product wise as well as for the money. There is no proper customer service for this product. For this brand,they are increasing the rate due to more purchase of xolo mobiles. Why people are buying xolo mobile means it will be cheaper in price, but now they are turning to face like sony brand by increasing the rate.
this is what i want in a decent smartphone from a premium brand (xolo looks like one): Screen : 4.5-5.0 (if navig buttons r on screen) ,1280x768 (wider implies keyboard is easy to use), gorilla glass protection, IPS, bright display processor : dual core qualcomm snapdrgn 1.4-1.7 ghz(or a dual core intel atom), a decent dedicated GPU dual sim(4g) external memory (upto 32 gb atleast) a decent 8mp shooter(with OIS) with a standard interface and features/modes. . . latest android version(vanilla) with promise of update(time framed) to nxt version(I don't mind if its paid). decent build quality(good array of panel colors) good sound quality both call reception and speakers standard set of Google apps (no unnecessary bullshit apps) satisfactory support //sorry of bad English or I just dun care
