MOBDPXNPGYRAM7T3
Purchased this device from a Local Store at a price of Rs.12,600/- and moment I unboxed, I realised a BIG device. Display: Display is good with Modest pixel density and satisfactory viewing angles. But brightness and sunlight visibility is not upto the mark. 540x960 pixel resolution is not apt for a 5.5 display. But pixels are not embarrassingly visible and lenovo manage it well. Touch & Typing: Atleast for an hour, I though touch is a Gone Case in this device but as I continued using it, the touch became relatively smooth and more usable than the first one hour. Might be an initial Hic-Up!! Keypad is well laid and is comfortable to type both in landscape and portrait modes. Point to mention here is the keyboard has the inbuilt quality of continuous input which makes life even more easy. Gaming: Plays Mid level games to moderate Highlevel games properly without an issues. Tried Subway Surfers, Templerun 2, Dead Trigger, Asphaly 8 etc and all of them played seamlessly. Connectivity: Gives 21 Mbps speed on HSDPA+ and all works very well. Call clarity is good and no call drops faced so far. Processor: Works on ARMv7 Processor clocked at 1.3 Ghz and 1 Gb RAM out of which more than 580MB is free and user available. Interal memory is 4GB out of which 1.2 GB is used for Mass storage and 0..91 GB is free for Apps. 32GB expandability is allowed. Camera: This is the only Con of the phone as far as I am concerned. Outdoor snaps and Ok ok.. but indoor snaps are pathetic. Noika 2MP cam is far better than this 5MP cam. So if you want to take a lot of snaps, this is certainly not a better option for you. ANd if you are ignoring camera part, this is one of the better devices available at a budget price of below 13K. Conclusion: A 4 Star rating gives proper justification as Camera is bad. UI is simple with additional themes pre-installed on the device. Lenovo should work on cameras of their devices. But at this price, 1.3 GHz Quadcore processor and 1GB RAM is impressive. Value for Money phone and definitely deserves a try. Happy Flipkarting!!!!!
I purchased this product a couple of days back from a local shop in the exchange for my previous Galaxy Nexus, which i had to change because of the battery backup. I had to stick to a tight budget of 15k so i brought this piece and so far I am really happy with it. The pros and cons are as follow: PROS: 1) The looks of the phone are very good. 2) The built quality is superb, overall the looks and the built makes it a premium device, so no doubt there. 3) The screen is big i.e 5.5 inches. Surprisingly big for this price range. 4) The Mediatek MTK 6582M at 1.3 GHz performs too good. Beats all phones in below 20k range and some above 20k too, for eg: like Galaxy Grand(both), Mega 5.8, Sony Xperia C etc and i guess it equals Xperia SP. Mediatek MTK 6582M performs better than MTK 6589 and even MTK 6589T and hence beats all Mediatek powered local brand phones. 5) Benchmarks: Antutu - ( 17,100), Quadrant - (6001) and Nenamark - (full 60fps) which is amazing. 6) GPU is Mali-400MP2 which is certainly better than Power VR SGX544 which is almost in all local mediatek powered phones. 6) RAM is 1 GB out of which you get 972 MB usable which is excellent. There is well more than 600 MB RAM free before installing apps. 7) Dual sim. 8) Sound is very loud and good. Not excellently clear but very load and reasonably clear and definitely audible. 9) In-call volume and clarity is good. 10) Music quality in my headphones is good. I haven't tested the stock headphones. 11) Comes with android 4.2.2 installed. 12) Memory can be expanded to 32 GB via micro sd card. 13) Nice and clearly visible notification LED. 14) Lenovo launcher is highly customizable. 15) Pricing is very very good. NEUTRAL POINTS: 1) Battery is good but not excellent. I feel Lenovo made a mistake by giving only 2250 mAh battery to power such a huge screen. It should have been atleast 2500 mAh; but nonetheless it still gives me a good 24 hours of battery life with 3G always on and mild - moderate usage. Should definitely last u through workday hours i.e from morning 10 to evening 8 or something with moderate usage. Ultimately this depends on user to user. One can use the provided Lenovo power app to maximize the battery life. 2) The speaker's loudness sometimes tears the voice. 3) The speaker at times gets covered by surfaces and blocks the sound. I would blame the design of the phones for this. 4) Awkward positioning of buttons. Power button on top and volume button on the right. 5) Its fairly long time since 4.3 has released Lenovo should give it out to its customers now. This should have come with it. CONS: 1) Camera is not good at all. Lens is not upto the mark. Bad decision of giving only 5mp of camera in these days..seriously who gives 5mp of camera nowadays!? Front camera is just VGA. Should haven been atleast 8mp rear and 1.3 mp on the front. 2) Too big, Its very very big. A screen of 5 inches or even 5.3 inches like that of S920 would have been better. 3) Resolution is bad for this screen size. As is said in the previous point a screen of 5 inches with this resolution would have been better. 4) Internal memory is just 4 GB out of which you get 2.07 GB for use. I don't like this trend of giving just 4 GB of internal memory. Its too less for installing apps. Moreover you can't transfer apps to your sd card, so you are stuck with 2.07 GB of space for apps unless you root. Should have been atleast 8 GB of internal storage. 5) No Gorilla glass. Deducting one star for battery capacity and all cons. VERDICT: A nice tight budget phone with hefty performance and reasonably good battery life(which could have been better). If you are on a budget of less than 17k then you should definitely close your eyes and go for it. For brand freaks, Lenovo is a good reputable brand which you can trust on.
am 100% satisfied user of this product.., this mobile is exellent. screen is a awesome HD defenition cristal clear IPS LCD.. battery backup is good speaker is loud n crisp dont think just buy it!! lenovo for those who do !!
PROS:large display(actually uncomfortably large for a phone),Bright display,loud speakers superlative user interface and software bundle,sturdy build quality,battery last for a day with average multimedia and internet. CONS: only negative is i found is the screen lock button which is very small and located at the top. very annoying and painful to control as the phone size is big. this is the biggest drawback i have seen in Lenevo phones. now they are releasing phones with the button comparatively bigger and on the side. Another big problem is that you cannot move app to SD card..hence cannot install large apps and games.constrained to 2GB only .
Firstly its the pricing that the pro for the Mobile,13000k you pay and you get worth features of 20 to 22k. Believe it or not this Mobile easily beats LG's Google Nexus 4 and Moto G(Courtesy: Antutu Benchmarks).The touch and feel is good,candybar. The phone slips off your hands easily because of the smooth fiber finishing.The backcover though is slightly difficult to remove,Might be a minor drawback incase the phone hangs and if you plan of removing the battery and replacing it.The display is good and not great(240 ppi)..you cant ask more for this price range.The fully customizable Lenovo UI is simple fascinating and fantastic, you'd never be bored of your phone.The Graphics,Mali 400MP which clocks around 400 Mhz is a wow kind of a feeling. You can play almost any game that's out there in the play store except Thor:The Dark World (don't know what they expect to be in a device).The 1.3Ghz Mediatek MT6582M offers you good multitasking. The speakers are pretty decent and not to forget,Lenovo offers an in-built equalizer that is compatible with most of the music players. The camera is the embarrassing part of the phone.You get good pictures only when there is proper lighting and forget about the front camera its just a VGA of 0.3 MP. If you are looking for a budget phone which is fast,durable and brand freak buy this instead of Micromax, Karbon, Celkon or Panasonic.
I've been using this phone for a month and a half now. Well firstly let me tell you why this potentially high-end phone is priced at around 15 K,this phone has a screen size of 5.5 " at a resolution of 540 x 960 Pixels,which isn't the best resolution for a 5.5" phone,it will seem a bit less sharp than a Note 2 because of the lower pixel density but then again,it's nothing to complaint about considering that this phone never hangs or freezes or lags. I've tried all sorts of applications/games,not once has it died on me. It boots pretty quickly even when you un-check the 'fast boot' option,all thanks to the 1.2 Quad Core processor. Lenovo has installed a pretty neat UI which is very easy to browse through and experiment with,one feature that has proven to be very handy is the 'tethering' option available on this phone,you can share your phone's 2G/3G to other phones (i.e if they support Wi-Fi),you can share it with your PC, via. Wi-fi or USB and the connection is very stable.The device doesn't heat up or burst into flames,nothing of that sort,it just does it's job without creating a drama. The battery life is slightly above average,the touch response is brilliant and .. oh,there's one more important thing that you need to know,unlike the low-end android phones which run on ICS or GB,you absolutely cannot move your apps to memory card unless you root this device.You see,in some android phones,you can download an app like AppMgr 2 or 3 and move some of the apps from phone mem to memory card even if the phone isn't rooted but on this.. you cant!! It just doesn't let you,the only way to do that would be to root your phone,you get around 2.something GB to install your apps,which according to me is pretty sufficient. The camera is .. well quite basic,it has a lot of features to play around with and it's auto-focus is pretty sharp but the camera itself is shy when it's asked to shoot in low-light environments.Apart from that it's very neat. To sum it up,this is an amazing device with little or no hiccups!! It wont disappoint you .. unless you are a relative of Steve Jobs!! Cheers!!
-Large screen with good resolution at this price. -Battery backup is good as compared to other phones in this price range, lasts more than a day on normal usage, like, Internet and calls on usual. -Sound on speaker and on ears is good and loud. -Touch is very good -Speed is awesome. -Gaming is too good on it. -Ram enough to run a giant like this. -Camera is jus 5 MP and quality is not too good. -Internal Memory also not enough last but not least,,, Flipkart delivered it in jus 3 days on the occasion of Diwali, which is truely amazing. Over all value for ur money,,, fully satisfied with my purchase.
Hello all, I purchased this phone from Flipkart on 29th night and I received the phone on 31st afternoon. First of all hats off to Flipkart shipping services. Now coming to the phone: The main reason I wanted to buy this phone was the big screen (real big 5.5 inch). Though qHD resolution is not very good, bur considering the pricing I am very happy with it. The second major reason I was looking for a new phone was the battery backup. I had LG optimus 3D which used to give me a backup of max 8-9 hours with just 4.5 inch screen (3G on all time) but I am simply amazed with the battery performance of this mobile. I am getting a battery backup of almost 20 hours with 3G always on. I am a moderate user of mobile. This kind of backup with such big screen is really good. The 1.3 GHz quad core processor along with 1GB of RAM, the phone performance is really good and moreover at this price range its really what I would ask for. Though the camera could have been bit better, with 8MP at back and 1.3 MP at front, but am not a guy who is shooting photos much. All in all this is a very good phone that too considering the price range, I would say Lenovo has done a great job with this phone:-)
I purchased this handset on 19 Jan 2015 and by 11th day the speaker is gone completely. Now while making calls I have to use loud speaker or headphone. Just imagine, can anyone always use the calls on loud speaker or headphone? Also in product Description the say the Internal storage is 4GB but its available only 2GB. Again its a fraud. I tried to replace with flipkart but they gave some troubleshooting steps which is of no use. I am still facing the same issue and no one is caring to resolve the issue for me. Buyers be aware with this website and product. No bady is caring in this website to give proper and quick resolution to customer. This is my personal bad experience with flipkart.
The 1.3 GHz MediaTek Quad-core processor delivers a lag free performance in this mobile, no heating issues. The batter capacity of 2250 mAh may seem low on spec, but it wont let you down. I charge this phone using the Mi power bank and it easily lasts more than a day. The Lenovo launcher is quite good, has many options. Its easy to apply themes and customize this mobile. The 5.5" IPS screen is excellent, perfect size for a mobile. Many people still think 5.5" is too big, but actually it seems to be the optimum size for browsing, reading, watching vedios, and playing games. I found this to be the biggest size which fits my pocket perfectly (6" screen doesn't fit). Now coming to the limitations, 1. Screen resolution is only 200ppi. Not bad, but could have been better. 2. No OTG support. 3. Primary camera is mediocre, secondary one is poor, so not for camera lovers. 4. Internal memory (2.25 GB) is on the lower side. In spite of its limitations, it offers great value for money.
i got the phone two days back. after call back phone get shutdown and its a useless product. before going for return i check with friend he also said that same. don't buy this model.
Lenova mobile phones and apps or too good to use,but having disadvantage too..Internal memory 1gb only availble to install apps,also No upgrade an updates availble for Android version
it good phone and flip kart delivered as promised For Phone, 5.5 inc good looking, view mails are very easy and typing also, it worth to buy.
Its a great phone working in good condition.But Battery life some what low.Worth it for Money.Good Product.I would like to thank Lenovo for making such a good models.
I'm very happy while using Lenovo A850. The configuration of phone are awesome. I really appreciate the customer satisfaction level for Flipkart & Lenovo. Happy to use Lenovo and feeling great after purchasing through flipkart on discount.
I bought LENOVA A850 white phone 6 months back. After usage of 4 months, the phone started struck up. I reinstalled the factory settings twice. Later, after a period of 5 months of usage the speaker started giving trouble. I am unable to hear the voice calls and watch video voice without using ear phone. The resolution and picture quality is good but the technical difficulties makes the phone not worthy. I bought this phone for Rs.13,500/- now the price is come down. My genuine feedback to the flipcart users.
I bought my Lenovo A850 a week back.believe me this is a great phone with excellent features YOU WILL NOT REGRET BUYING IT.
lenovo is offering you the best features and at the best price,however the resolution is not much suffice according to the size of the screen but it's not that that too low,if you are searching for a budget phone then just go for it.
reliable smartphone at reasonable price using since 2 months camera is excellent photos quality music awesome apps awesome
net speed is to good..camera is also good..dis phone is value for money phone. display visualization is very good also 5.5 inch display size is good..
The phone is great. What i really like about the phone is that it has a great display. The camera is average, but overall it's value for money.
After quite a search, found this mobile here on Flipkart. I was impressed by the configuration and specifications of this phone. I ordered the phone on 2nd July 2014 and received it the very next day. This Phone is working absolutely fine and is completely lag free. It doesn't hang and runs really smooth. the User Interface is good and the camera department is a little disappointing. However, the phone makes up for it in the sound department. sound is good. A nice buy overall. giving it a 5 star for Flipkart.com
It's good cell for usung... But not otg s support ..? It's bad thing. . Overall good device to use like note 2 on lowest price...
I'm using this device for 2 weeks..didn't find anything wrong in this device. Really good android device in this budget. Although the size is big.. but resolution is good..If you put the camera in HDR mode then the quality of image is really good..It has one touch ram cleaner in-built..
Awesome!! It initially didn't appeal to me...when i first opened the package. But after started using, it really stands up to it's quality. Very impressive with the speed of the CPU really can multitask without any lag or the phone getting hung up. Even playing high definition games or HD Videos it doesn't lag at all.... Very impressive with the build. Most of the devices tend to heat up very much, but this phone doesn't heat up at all even if u r playing hard... One place where it lacks the punch is the camera...not very impressive but since its just 5 MP it works OK. Overall a very impressive phone within your price range!!! Thought of giving a 5 because of the camera i'm giving 4....
Good buy for the price range, which has the required features for the recent trend usage. And performance related comments can't be mentioned as it is just a week ahead now to give any exact remarks as it may not be justifiable.
I received the product in time frame ... However, following are my obeservations :- - Mobile looks like used one.. - Second Sim slot is not working So what is the procedure for replacement.
One of the best buys at this price range. The delivery was made within 4 days! :) The packing was excellent! Con:- Average camera Poor headsets but awesome loudspeaker quality
Flawless, Nice and full featured android phablet for budget tight folks. As usual delivered on time. Only con which i saw till now is battery takes more time to charge, but I guess can be resolved by having 2A charger, which is not supplied with the unit surprisingly by the Lenovo knowing that it is having 2250 mAh. Anyhow working like a workhorse for me so far.
received the product after more than a week. the condition of the recieved product is too bad. Th box seems quite old, even the serial number of device is not properly visible, Invoice received but no serial number is written. Checked the Warranty on Lenovo Service Center, only 9 month warranty is there
Hi , I used this phone for a while now, its been doing great in terms of running applications. but lacking is multitasking ability, camera clarity in daylight and night time. its a bit turn off on these features. Better go with this if camera is not so that much needed. Its best in price with the features. Regards,Sriram
I recently brought lenovo A850 from flipkart with 10% cashback..The deal was good, the price after considering cashback is unbeatable. Mobile is too good i really liked it. Packing , I was very much disappointed with the package flipkart sent. It was just wrapped with bubble cover over the original box and put that in flipkart polythene cover. Delivery time also was long around 1 week ...but delivered on committed time.
Recently bought this phone for my mom.Its awesome.The screen size is mind blowing. Lenovo is a well established international brand.The experience of using this phone is more than worth the price compared to samsung phones. Personally feel this is better than Samsung Grand for the price.
Its really wwondefull exp. after buying this its realise that its compelety proven that its give satisfaction on your price.. Must reccomandaded this if you are looking for new...
this is good looking and specifications are good but the mobile phone battery backup is bad and this mobile phone strack.....................
A killer phone killed by a stupid manufacturer who chose not to allow the users to move apps to SD Card. In short you cant play games like Real Racing 3 or Modern Combat 4 or Batman or anyman for that matter.You cant install games on the external SD card and play but only the 2GB internal! So now you know the limitation.You dont have the option to choose the default write disk. Despite having the hardware you are crippled by a mindless firmware. And theres no update till now,and only god knows if there will be one at all. Bad Buy.
I am satisfied with the product. It has been delivered to me well in time. Price is very reasonable. Only thing remain pending is 10% Cashback which was offered to me while placing the order and it is yet to be credited to my account. I request the Flipkart to initiate 10% Cashback immediately to my account.
I bought this phone last month iam really happy with this very good mobile on this price. 5.5 inch display is very good and the resolution is good.1.3 gh Prosser is amazing speed even 2g camera quality is little bit average. No heating on charge or calling. headset is very bad use Samsung earphones is good .totalaly best buy for this price range. Thanks Lenovo.
The tag line is just perfect and appropriate to describe this phone,,. Big screen, with hd resolution is being offered by competitive very low cost............ About flipkart........ dis s de only online market place which i believe blindly..........
Hai to the best of my knowledge one of the finest cell at this rate. If you buy of this features other than Lenovo I bet its going to cost not less than 22000. Excellent resolution. And the best part is the service. So I would srongly recommend to go for this model. LENOVO 850.
