MOBDHTTZDUYHQGBK
Pros: Built quality is sturdy & the body does not picks up scratches easily. Photo clicks in day light are pretty decent. Vibrant IPS display with decent pixel density. Clear call quality. Strong signal reception for both 2G & 3G. Battery lasts easily for a day on heavy usage. Cons: Lags at times, due to 512 Mb ram. Audio quality is not crisp, even lacks bass & the provided earphones be better ignored. Tough to reach the unlock button on top, better it had been on the side. Not a gaming device (Can't even expect at this price point) Look & feel of the device refreshes me every time I use it. Gamers stay away!!!
I ordered this phone a month back. As soon as I received the product I found the SIM SLOT 1 was damaged. Being a dual sim phone at first I decided to continue using it by inserting the sim in slot 2. Later on I found tons of lags(even Facebook App crashed), slow processing speed and low ear phone volume!! It is nothing but a CHINESE RIP OFF!! Buy it at your own risk!!
Dont buy the phone by its name.. This phone though its lenovo lag lot of time and sometime gets hang... If you really want to buy decent lenovo mobile go for lenovo S890.. Same model with 5' screen & 1gb RAM
This phone turns out to be great for everyone. It looks stylish and decent with a nice screen size of 4.5 inch. Extremely light weighted and easy to carry unlike other heavy mobiles. Touch screen is smooth and camera quality is really nice as it is expected for 8 megapixel. Runs smoothly Voice quality is superb. One major con is that you can only use 1 sim in this cellphone because the 2nd slot is for a mini sim. All in all a great phone . (Y)
The Phone is lovey. Nice to hold. The Touch is very responsive. I have a better experience with Lenovo S720 than my old Samsung smartphone. Just the RAM is lower than the need, you certainly have to use a Task Killer and/or a ram cleaner. The Camera is of a great quality. The Camera is almost like the one of Samsung Galaxy Grand's quality. The maximum resolution of Video it can play is 720p. (resolution 1280x720). Videos which were with 2Mb/s stream size, even in 720p, still lagged with MX Player, but I found that it will be better to keep the FPS within 18 and Video Bit Rate with 1024 Kb/s. Processor is fast, just like all other Dual Core 1 GHz, and The Screen is Decent, Enough Brightness to see in bright sunlight (Best when in Auto Brightness mode), IPS Screen has made viewing easy. Now, about the battery, I can say it is awesome. The Battery easily lasts over a day when Severely Multitasking and using in Great Brightness. Even, it lasts a lot when even taking Camera Shots with Flash and Taking a 720p Movie with keeping the light switched on. Above all, I recommend this phone. A "Ram Cleaner" will be enough, everything else is Adorable and Admirable.
Pros: (1) Hearing Music with 5 band equalizer setting is great (Though the Dolby Digital Plus mode don't have that much clarity) (2) Touch is very responsive Cons: (1) It has Dual Core 1.0GHz processor, But it is even loading to go to main menu and it is sluggish while reading messages and scroll through contacts. (2) It has 8M auto-focus rear camera, But cannot stands to a 2MP camera of leading mobile phone brands and it is more difficult to get a clear close shot (Macros). (3) Look like made of cheap plastic (Not having glassy finish) Overall go for this phone if you want to have a phone with the brand name 'LENOVO' Otherwise, I would suggest that the Samsung Galaxy S duos is far more better.
the battery life is the best part................................................................................. superb cam........................................................................................... HD camerA..............8mP best phone under 15k................................................................. IF YOU ARE LOOKING GOR A OOD SMARTPHONE GO FOR THIS..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
I just bought this smart phone couple of days ago and I found as below Pros- 1. Big IPS Display Size but cant compare with AMOLED display. 2. RAM is OK if you are not a techie. 3. Camera is good. Specially in day light. 4. Stylish phone. Cons- 1. Low internal memory. nearly 1.8 GB. Definitely you will need 4GB MMC. 2. Camera functions are fuzzy. Not user friendly. 3. 1GHz processor is bit slow when you load heavy apps. 4. No jelly bean update is available till date. Overall, If your budget is around 9 to 10k and you are fond of Branded phones, a worth buy.
S720 is my first smart phone and after almost 2 months' usage, I'm still very much in love with it. My favs about the phone are the design, the sound (Dolby digi plus!!) and the cam in outdoor light. For the price on offer, you could find many other phones with same or even better specifications, but none more reliable and trustworthy than Lenovo. So far, I hav'nt had many problems except that sometimes while playing Temple Run, the app closes without warning. The battery backup is good, lasts a little more than 24 hours for normal usage, the head phones are great, and to Lenovo, Big ThumbsUp!
liked da mobile....worth more than da invested amount.I got it in flipkart deal of the day for a sum of 7700 rs.I am not a tech savy USER , for regular use WITH FEW USEFUL APPS DOES MORE THAN WAT IT HAS TO DO.. 1.prim cam is gud but not as of 8mp 2.no issues with front cam 3.gud battery backup 4.screen size & display are awesome for dis price range cons: 1. In first look , felt as a dummy mobile, may be due to its light weight 2.Difficult to get accessories, but we can get them in ebay 3.useless Earphone, worst quality which i have ever seen ...difficult to talk & not worthy to listen music through it Final verdict: go for it, gud for a normal user
Product is good. Pros: Nice build GOOD UI Camera Performance Cons: Sound (Its ok with loud speaker) Headphones (worst) Data Cable (not flexible)
I've purchased this mobile expecting that Lenovo will maintain minimum standards for their mobiles. But, the body, build, etc.. are just like a cheap Chinese phone (FYI, this mobile is also made in China). Very slow response even though I haven't installed any large apps... The Camera clarity sucks....The worst SIM slot design.... How did this design pass in their R&D... The 2nd SIM is to be inserted on top of the 1st..And, non eject spring..It is very difficult to remove... My SIM got damaged while removing, along with the SIM slot. Now, service center guys are saying that this is Physical damage and will not cover under warranty..It may cost min. Rs.1200 and max Rs.6K... I have to either throw this mobile away or gift it to kids to use it as a mini-tab.... "The best part of this mobile is battery standby".. Please note that even the cheap Chinese mobiles used to give more battery standby.... Ha ha ha..... Think a lot before going for this cheap china made Leneovo mobile....
Purchased this mobile 4 months ago the performance of the was good only for a month after that it hangs frequently and restarts automatically.If I open contacts it takes me 1 minute to get into it. Battery charge drains quickly.
It was the laptops and now its the phone. Except for the unreachable placement of the lock button the phone turned out to be a great everyday phone for a normal user :)
this so called smart phone hangs frequently.gpu is not good..can't even play temple run 2 smoothly.idea launcher crasher very often.and the earphone is another shit.my earphone worked not more than one month.some time dual sim problem occurs.when trying to turn on bluetools phone restarts.wifi is not dat good.Don.t even think of buying this product
Although phone is good and functions well, except for a few times when calls are dropped. The camera is very poor. The quality of pictures are nothing compared to any good smart phones. Recommended for functional use only. Does not have many additional features.
It is a sturdy, stylish mobile. The Battery backup is there for 2 days atleast with lots of voice calls and data usage.
Excellent phone, great battery life. Very slim and stunning. Good performance as well. Well suited for my needs. Good music and video player as well. Dolby effect is also very nice to the ears.
The packing and delivery were good. Only one SIM slot is 3G and other is only 2G. It has only 512MB RAM. This may not be enough to play games. But the apps load fast enough and the browsing is smooth. The memory is enough to power a PC, but Android has to become an optimized OS. Hardware specs are quite decent. Th battery life is good when 3G is switched off. It lasts for more than 48 hours with volumes of voice call. Overall, a decent phone Edit : After five months of careful use, the display was damaged. I took it to a service center. They refused to replace the display stating that water had entered the phone. I was careful while using this and is sure that water had never entered the phone. Cost of the phone was Rs.8500 and the display costs Rs.5500. I am disappointed with lenovo service and after sales support. I recommend not to buy lenovo gadgets. The phone is lying as an e-waste in my house
I received this product from flipkart. This Smartphone is 100 times better than samsung in terms of battery. Has all the features of Android and many inbuilt features such as Lenovo Battery management utility and mirror application.
Dear folks, caution urself before falling prey to buying unreliable mobile-sets by this company... I'm now suffering !! It's too disgusting that this LENOVO manufactured Mobiles sets are letting us down in many ways from the start. Now it's worst.. What's too disillusioning is that it's "touch-screen" as well become a dud... This company should stop selling the items and leaving the customers in the lurch... I'm struggling for replacement for past 5 months but in vain ! Hi LENOVO, don’t cheat gulibale masses by manufacturing the faulty-set and put us in dare strait.
I've been using the phone for many weeks and I haven't experienced any problem. Pros: -very sensitive touch -sound quality -display(for this budget) -looks -battery life Some problems that didn't bother me -I use only one sim ,so sim design is not a problem for me. -I've used several apps and played many games but phone never hangs. -photos taken so far were great. Final Word The phone is good looking and popular games run without lag. Since the colour is white, a flipcover is essential.The delivery time and packing was good.Charge cable is little short. But great phone for this price.
i gifted my gf this phone. she likes it alot. its got nice looks. rich and stylish. and overall good value of money. camera is not that good. but better compared to karboon in same price range. recommended to all lady friends looking for a phone under 10k.
A very good looking phone with good android features at a price-point of Less than 10K. The Screen size and clarity is great..The Music clarity is awesome..No doubt!..Connectivity isnt bad overall.. Issues: 1. Battery isnt good as claimed by others. It doesnt even last a day(morning to night) with 3G like any other Samsung mobiles.. 2. Exporting of contacts isnt user-friendly when you are looking to do a transfer from your earlier phone. I literally struggled. My friend bought a P780 and claims it has good battery back-up but it is not budget-friendly. Overall: For those trying to buy Samsung, this is a lovely Option at a great price with a bigger screen size.
been using it for a while nd its goin good so far .... gd budget phn .. LOOKS nyc nd easy to grip though being a large phn ....
Overall with a nice package on the range segment with the feature ...but the most worst part of the phone "you cant receive call or mszs on SLAVE SIM if using internet with MASTER SIM".... ..second hangs a lot ....but cam,sound and battery quality is too good.
After comparing with many products, I went ahead with this budjet phone which serves my purpose of Android. I had to choose between Samsung/ Micromax/Xolo I was happy with the decision I made and buying online from flipkart. The delivery and updates about the tracking mechanism was awesome service provided from flipkart. I ordered for a one day delivery, and truly it was within 24 hours I got the phone.
THIS IS MY FIRST PURCHASE AT FLIPKART.. I FOUND THAT THE CHARGER WAS NOT WORKING AND REPLACED THE FULL SET. FULLY SATISFIED NOW!! MY SUGGESTION IS.. GO FOR THIS PRODUCT..
good but not super and awsome nice the phone the ram is not enough for this mobile and best to bye another phone in lenovo brand light weight and looking good and smart but the only promlem is was slow and hang and struck the mobile when the phone is running continuosly
nice phone. display 5/5 style 4.5/5 camera 4/5 battery 5/5 music 5/5 performance 4.5/5 ........ quick delivery, packing is good, thanks to flipkark
Dears, do not by this phone, not prepared as other phone company. very good company but absurd phone.
After comparing with many products, I went ahead with this budjet phone which serves my purpose of Android. I had to choose between Samsung/ Micromax/Xolo I was happy with the decision I made and buying online from flipkart. The delivery and updates about the tracking mechanism was awesome service provided from flipkart. I ordered for a one day delivery, and truly it was within 24 hours I got the phone.
storage is less and if android version update comes i will be happy.because other than this all are good.
it's totally sexy device on look.better UI than other android device. sometimes takes lots of time to open menu......overall best phone than samsung galaxy s duos....nice service by flipkart.
Very good phone............ Camera is good ...... If Lenova provides Update support for the Android OS to newer version it will be very good.... Over all phone is ok with 10k price.......
pros: * nice, good looking n handy phone by lenovo * good sound quality * wireless FM rocks * great touch * it will never let u feel that it's a "made in china" product Cons: * appeared to be a bit slow * not suitable for heavy gaming My handset encountered with a software problem related to contact list. I reported to customer care. they provided some settings via e-mail which didn't work. Finally i decided to avail the exchange warranty (30 days exchange policy). But then they said that the same handset is not available with the same retailer so i have to checkout some other phone that too from the same retailer. And finally I had to take a refund of the handset :( And the most surprising fact the same handset was again available with that retailer as soon as i returned that..... was that the same defective set that i returned :P :P and the rating provided by me is only for the handset :P
using this since last 2 weeks.. good camera features, handy, good battery backup while running in wifi / 3g overall nice one in this price range. only problem - flip cover / screen protector is not available in market.
Pros: Camera is awesome specially the HDR mode. Sound is too good. touch is also good. supports all applications. WiFi is also good. look wise awesome good Skype calling fast internet Cons: The only one Due to 512 Ram Sometime gets slow(use RAM BOOSTER)
Actually I dont have Words to Explain about this Phone. 1.Battery Life:Excellent. 2.Music:You will Love it but need to buy Another Head phone. 3.Camera:Superb Quality. 4.Drops While Playing High Quality Videos. 5.It has HotSpot. What else you want on this price Range. I'm Loving it,,Simply Superb Look..
