MOBDP9YRQQTUHQ2N
Bought this phone from the local market for 8000 Rs… NOTE- It comes in only Red and Blue colour..No Black…. Pros - * 5-inch Capacitive Touchscreen * HD Recording (720*1280) * 1.2Ghz Dual Core Processor ( Better Than Canvas 2 ) * Jelly Bean 4.2.2 ( Canvas 2 Runs on 4.0.4 ) * 512 mb RAM ( You wouldn’t get more than that at this price ) * Usable Internal Memory is 1.25 GB (More than enough if you transfer the apps to SD card ) * Plays 720p & 1080p videos Butter Smooth… ( Amazing isn’t it ) * 2000 mAH Battery lasts pretty long… * No Lag while Net Surfing… * Gaming Experience is Awesome (Plays games like Temple Run Oz, Cut the rope HD, Angry Bird, Fruit Ninja, Subway Surfers Without Any Lag ) * Build Quality is good ( Looks like LUMIA ) * Sound quality is Good ( Neither too loud nor too low, Base is good, equalizer is good ) * The Colors Are 16.7M (You will only get 16M mostly in other costly smartphones ) * Good earphones provided by MMX and not those old cheap ones… * 3G works Great. Cons- Very little cons about this smartphone ( But Obviously everything cannot be perfect ) * Camera CONS of Camera - It works awesome during daytime or in bright light but at night it works like a 2MP camera - Plus it ia a fixed focus one and not an auto focus PROS of Camera- - Many options to Enhance the images taken (Crop, change colors,add frame, etc ) - Has Flash which could also be used as a torch My Personal Advice… *If you are willing to buy a smartphone under 10k don’t go for sony and Samsung.. *Canvas A76 gives you features which Samsung, Sony gives you at smartphones somewhere around 20k….For satisfaction compare it with Samsung Galaxy Grand or Sony xperia under 18k ….See the difference in Features and the difference in price… *Buy a screen guard, flip cover, and a CLASS 10 memory card..
As I can see from other reviews, I'll be the first Certified buyer here. First of all, hats off to Flipkart and ekart!!! Ordered this phone on Sunday, 6 October, 2013 11:03 AM and received it on Monday, 7 October, 2013 04:00 PM so its less than 30 hours from Bangalore to Mumbai, mindblowing!!!! Hats off to you guyz!!! I'll talk about the cons first because they are really annoying me right now. 1) Viewing angles are good sideways, but very bad from top and bottom. So if you are playing games in landscape orientation, then it will cause you headaches as the screen gets blackened with slightest of tilt. 2) Cameras, both, are nothing but jokes. No other words. 3) Headphones which look impressive don't sound that well. But maybe they are new and I should run them in burn-in period for around 100 hours and then their quality might improve. It's not a con actually but I felt it was worth mentioning. That's it with the cons. There are plenty of good things and I'll not highlight them in points form but in paragraph style because there's plenty to write about. The main highlight of this phone is the design which is just fantastic. The build quality looks premium and you'll feel very nice to hold this phone in your hands. Because of the impressive design, the phone feels a lot slimmer than it actually is. Nice job by MMX in this department. My phone doesn't heat that much as mentioned by other reviewers. Design, build quality and hardware, all are pretty solid. Hardware pretty impressive for a budget phone. Specs are, 1.3 ghz dual core and not 1.2 ghz as mentioned. FWVGA 5 inch screen with 5 point multitouch, pretty good loudspeaker and crisp clear sound, RAM 512 MB and free ram around 230 mb which is excellent I must say. The screen is sharp and vivid, though the resolution is low and bad viewing angles, it is smooth and touch response is just perfect. The colours are 16.7 millions, while you'll get at the most 262k colours in similar budget phones. As mentioned earlier, lots of high graphics games are supported and all the basic games and apps have no issues at all. High graphic games like N.O.V.A. 3, Modern Combat 4, Asphalt 7 & 8, Real Racing 3 and even FIFA 2014 run pretty good and I am impressed with the performance. No problems with apps and performance, whatever works does work very well without any issues. Internal memory for apps is more than 1 gb so no need to worry about internal memory and no need to move apps to sdcard also. Game data is stored on external micro sdcard so that's EXCELLENT and worth mentioning. Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2, butter smooth. Latest version is there so we need not worry about latest os and all. HD and Full HD videos are supported in Hardware mode in MX player. Internet speed is good in all modes, eg. wifi, 3g and even 2g. Comes with two screen guards out of which one is already applied on phone. Funny thing, mine which was already applied on the phone went off while I tried to remove protective film so had to use other screen guard. When compared to its sibling Canvas Fun A74, it is a much better deal because, 1) A74 Screen size is 4.5 inch, A76 is 5 incher 2) A74 supports 3 finger multitouch, A76 has 5 finger multitouch 3) Battery of A74 is 1500 mah, A76 has 2000 mah Rest all the things are same 4) The price difference is just 250 bucks. I bought this for Rs. 7599 as per the discount of 5%. Nenamark 2 score is 40 fps, Antutu is 9600, Quadrant is 3900 This is my 7th android phone in past 4 years and I am pretty much happy with it. And I'd suggest you all to buy this instead of other brand phones in similar budget as the services of MMX have really improved now-a-days, while I'm fed up with after sales services from brands like Karbonn, Xolo and even Samsung.
Most powerfull phone in all the way of its performance. Speed, performence,build quality,3g speed,display all are excellent at the segment of price point. No issue in lag. Pros. Good sharp display (Comparing to Lumia 520 and nokia 603) Excellant Battery backup (2 days easily with playing game and music and video) Speed and UI is Excellant. Loud Speaker is good enough 21mbps 3g connectivity Camera quality is ok(5 mpx) Build quality is excellant 5 inch capacitivie display is well maintained Ambient Light Sensor present in a76 (not mentioned by flipkart) cons Front camear is only 0.3 mpx
Hello friends, i have ordered this phone from flipkart,i know that micromax is a well known indian brand providing phones that competes with brands like samsung and sony. When compared to phones like xperia m and galaxy core, THE A76 has same and perhaps better colour production,its vivid too . the camera quality might not be that great but taking a look at the budget its awesome and it comes with 4.2.2 jelly bean and may be updated to 4.3 (who knows) and 1.2ghz dual core , as well as 512mb ram . Only advantage the xperia m has is the 1GB ram and that too only 512 mb is used. in A76 you can use 300 mb ram approx . ITS NOT THAT BAD.You can play all free games easily and payed games too. Like asphalt 7,8 or nova 3 also. THE BIGGEST ADVANTAGE IS THAT YOU CAN INSTALL APPS TO EXTERNAL STORAGE IN A76 BUT NOT IN GALAXY CORE OR XPERIA M.Resolution is not an issue since games (free) and paid will make games at standard resolution because all budget android phones comes with fwvga res. So no problem. Looks are killing especially red and headphones are also great . IT WILL work for APPROX 2-3 YEARS IF HANDLED PROPERLY OR MORE. FREE APPS WILL ALWAYS WORK! NO IDEA ABOUT PAID VERSION,though i always recommend 5 point multi touch like in a76 for gaming. BELOW 5 POINT IT IS HORRIBLE . Micromax is a well known indian brand so no need to take tension about service , though it will take time in repairing phone approx 15 days but it will make the customers satisfied. OTHERWISE THE COMPANY WOULD ALREADY DIE BEFORE GETTING STARTED. :P. FOR THE BUDGET , ITS PREMIUM AND IN BENCHMARKS IT BEATS SAMSUNG GALAXY CORE AND XPERIA M WITH EASE!! CANVAS SERIES ARE PHONE THAT CAN.. BEAT ANYTHING!!! special thanks to flipkart (for sure the best online store in india) shopping nahi FLIPKART karo!!!!
First of all, hats off to Flipkart.com i have Ordered this product on monday night at 21:30 28 October, 2013 and received it on wednesday, 30 October, 2013 16:00 mindblowing!!!! Hats off to flipkart!!! I'll talk about the cons first because they are really annoying me right now. 1) Viewing angles are good sideways, but very bad from top and bottom. So if you are playing games in landscape orientation, then it will cause you headaches as the screen gets blackened with slightest of tilt. 2) Cameras, both, are nothing but jokes. No other words. 3) Headphones which look impressive don't sound that well. But maybe they are new and I should run them in burn-in period for around 100 hours and then their quality might improve. It's not a con actually but I felt it was worth mentioning. 4) I feel product weight is little more compare to other smart phones. 5) Mobile brightness is not that much good, however it is good for battery backup. There are plenty of good things. The main highlight of this phone is the design which is just fantastic. The build quality looks premium and you'll feel very nice to hold this phone in your hands. Because of the impressive design, the phone feels a lot slimmer than it actually is. Nice job by MMX in this department. My phone doesn't heat that much as mentioned by other reviewers. Design, build quality and hardware, all are pretty solid. Hardware pretty impressive for a budget phone. Specs are, 1.2 ghz dual core. FWVGA 5 inch screen with 5 point multitouch, pretty good loudspeaker and crisp clear sound, RAM 512 MB and free ram around 230 mb which is excellent I must say. The screen is sharp and vivid, though the resolution is low and bad viewing angles, it is smooth and touch response is just perfect. The colours are 16.7 millions, while you'll get at the most 262k colours in similar budget phones. As mentioned earlier, lots of high graphics games are supported and all the basic games and apps have no issues at all. High graphic games like N.O.V.A. 3, Modern Combat 4, Asphalt 7 & 8, Real Racing 3 and even FIFA 2014 run pretty good and I am impressed with the performance. No problems with apps and performance, whatever works does work very well without any issues. Internal memory for apps is more than 1 gb so no need to worry about internal memory and no need to move apps to sdcard also. Game data is stored on external micro sdcard so that's EXCELLENT and worth mentioning. Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2, butter smooth. Latest version is there so we need not worry about latest os and all. HD and Full HD videos are supported in Hardware mode in MX player. Internet speed is good in all modes, eg. wifi, 3g and even 2g. Comes with two screen guards out of which one is already applied on phone. When compared to its sibling Canvas Fun A74, it is a much better deal because, 1) A74 Screen size is 4.5 inch, A76 is 5 incher 2) A74 supports 3 finger multitouch, A76 has 5 finger multitouch 3) Battery of A74 is 1500 mah, A76 has 2000 mah Rest all the things are same 4) The price difference is just 250 bucks. I bought this for Rs. 7799 as per the discount given by flipkart. Conclusion- very good for watching movies, net surfing, book reading. No network related issues. But its not a gaming device.(good for playing temple run only that too in medium graphic settings)
Superfast service by flipkart and WS retail. Booked on sat and got delivered on monday morning(considering sunday was holiday). Pros- 1. Nice build qaulity 2. Very good display- vivid and highly responsive(very good for watching movies,playing games), colour repropduction is very good comparable to Lumia. 3. Can play 1080p videos. 4. Apps can be moved to sd card. 5. good battery backup 6. though dual core processor performance is good, no lags. Cons- 1. Headset quality is average. 2. Camera is average should be improved. 3. RAM available generally is 150MB only. Overall its a very gr8 phone in this price range. Micromax has greatly improved display and build quality. 19-OCT 1) cannot play Real racing 3(game crashes due to low ram). 2) frontline commando( D-day lags too much not playable). 3) screen brightness is too much even at lowest value(download screen dimmer) 4)Raging thunder-Viewing angles are so poor that u can not play. 5) Dead trigger2 was smooth and nice. 6)blood and glory 1 touch become insensitive. Cannot play game. 7) blood and glory2 game is nice. Played one battle but now keep exiting due to low ram. Conclusion- very good for watching movies, net surfing, book reading. No network related issues. But its not a gaming device.(good for playing temple run only that too in medium graphic settings)
I would like to prefer micromax canvas fun a 74 over it . if someone wants to buy phone under 10 k either buy nokia lumia 520 or micromax canvas fun a 74 . Both phones have very good performance in gaming surfing . watching hd videos .
It seems everyone is complaining about poor camera quality , but i beg to differ . When i received this phone few weeks ago i thought that the reviews about the phone camera were indeed true , until i peeled off the greenish-blue plastic lens cover and voila !! the world when viewed from the camera is clear and colorful again . If you have bought this phone and you are disappointed by its camera , please do check if anything is covering the lens before you rant :P .. Of course it is a budget phone and the camera quality as good as any other phone of its class so don`t get over excited by this review..
Phone is good , battery will work for a day. Touch screen is also very good , you can play games easily. You can use 3G but not 2G , if you will use 2G data plan , you will not be able to use whats app or we chat , i have tried with Reliance , Aircel and Vodafone 2G , On wi-fi it works fine as well as on 3G .
Flipkart did a awesome job by delivering it withing 34 hours. I bought this phone on 21st octobar, 2013.. then price was 7999. pros: camera is very good at outdoor. very sharp. 2. battery life is too good.. I give charge n 2 days gap and it also take 2 hours to fully charged up so it is more than enough. 3. the display quality is too too good at this price.. u can easlity watch any HD video even 1080p videos also support n this phone and its working fine without any issues. 4. sound quality is far better than galaxy vs dous and even thN xperia E. 5. both sims cards networks doesnotb get any issue still now, ( i am using its for 7 months) 6. net connectivity is aslo good, i can easily do video calling by skype without any issue.. 7. the best thing of this phone is build quality.. trust me guys- this phone has fallen frm my hand fr more than 12times but still there is not a single scratch in the screen. and one time it was fallen in rail tracks but still there s no scratch, and i am using the red color and this red back cover is very premium looked and best one i guess among A76 other colors CONS: 1. battery heated up badly if u r using net 2. bluetooth connectivity is less. 3. the worst thing i found n this phn s the laging prblm. aftr 2 wks its start lagging. to stop this lag i have deleted many apps but still its lags evn i m playing a nrmal typ game SUBWAY.. 4. though the camera is good in outdoor but indoor its very very and very poor. the picture takn in indoor is nt also clr like sAMsung 1.3mp cameras.. So untill or unless u r not a die-hearted lover of big screen then u can go for nokia x or samsung galaxy trend .. Thank you
A very honest review..Iam owning it for three months..i will write down the problems am facing right now... 1. in the keypad letters on the extreme sides of the lcd is not working...service centre told to replace the whole touch which will take a week.. 2. camera flash is not working for still photos..but its working for vid rec..no use if u put even in auto..even in flsh on.. 3.memmory card makes problems that u cant share photos in any messengers..u cant upload..reboot it...it comes to normal...same prob after 5 mins...it will eat ur head.. the positives are 1. its a beauty...every one will ask uu whats this model...awesome looks 2. good battery back up 3. supports 1080 p mp4...stunning...thanx to the 5 inch crystal clear display 4. no lagging or hanging...installed moto gp, temple run, subway surf..all running very well i think its a far better option than samsung s duos..which cost 1500 rs more..
I have to say....this phone is really brilliant product from Micromax. To the people who are saying about technical faults, I would like to say ELECTRONICS HAS A LUCK FACTOR. And you guys have bad luck. Using this phone right now. No worries about restarting problems. It has too many good features in it that may make you forget about it's cons. The only bad thing about this product is it may piss you off if you are a samsung phone holder nothing else. Just go for it if you have a budget of 8K :) Cheers...!!! In short "Itna paisa me itnaich milenga boss !!!" ;)
Phone is very good, with nice graphics, smooth touch, all games running perfectly fine without hanging and all features which android supports are very good. I use Wifi at home and do internet on this.. it is smooth, no trouble faced.. Phone battery is awesome.. I was having it running for 3 days with still 40% battery power left.(Though my usage is mainly for calls and around 15-20 mins browsing daily) Only issue I find majorly is its bad camera... 1> First it takes the snap and then it takes time to capture the actual pic (and by then person moves so we end up with blurred pic) 2> Even if light is little less bright, then the pic will be dark. Full brightness is required. 3> Flash is given, but that is just a joke with NO IMPACT on the pic taken. 4> So, even if you use flash or no flash, the pic will be as if you have no flash in ur camera. So overall, good phone but if taking for camera purpose then it would be a bad decision.
Among Indian manufacturers it is no. 1 no doubt but its after sale is very poor.They keep phone with them for months.Very simple part like microphone speaker are also not available at service centres.So please look other brand which has international presence.
This device is a pretty good device at this price tag. The fact that it comes with Jelly Bean 4.2 is even more impressive. It is much better when compared to its sister model, Micromax Canvas Music A88. It also offers a 5-inch display with FWGA resolution but with a very poor viewing angles. The 1.2 Ghz Dual-Core Processor is also quite impressive. However it scores a very low score in all the Benchmark tests. But again we have to keep in mind the price tag. Could have been better if the camera would be an Auto Focus one, rather than a Fixed Focus one. There are just a couple of sensors in it. The indoor images and night mode images are not quite good even with the flash.
Price is too low in the near by shops i brought it for 7600 18 days before . so my recommendation is to buy it in nearby shops
This device is not up to the expected level...because this device hangs often when we install applications run in background. 512 MB RAM is not suitable for jelly bean OS. Battery performance is good. Canvas Juice A77 is better than this device which has 1 GB RAM.
Just saw the reviews. Are you all really serious? Moto E2: 6999 Rs. Micromax A76: 6500 Rs. Moto E2: 1.2Ghz Quadcore + Snapdragon 210, Aderno 210 graphics. Micromax A76: 1.2Ghz DUAL CORE. I bought this phone previous year, suffering this phones. It's like a disease to me. I PREFER BUYING MOTO E2 INSTEAD OF THIS PHONE!
if you think you have face any thing worst in this world then you're wrong ! if you have yet to meet #BakwasMicromax phone. their service is more horrible then their product. i will recommend you to throw your money in dust bin but never buy any #BakwasMicromax phone.
pls buy it best phone for its price but some cons 512mb ram or else it should be a excellent product pls buy you can go for it without any hesitation thannk u
u should buy this ohone if ur luking for better phones below rs9000 this phones features is gr8 it has 1.2ghz dual core processor and it has 512mb ram i know the ram its quit low but what would u more except from a low budget phone guys i have to say that this phone is better better better than any phones below rs 9000
After two weeks of using the mobile, now unable to hear the incoimng/outgoing call voice. I am unable to return to vendor, due to returable period is expired.
this phone is very delicate and give problem with in 3 to 4 months time. i have invested money ina very wrong gadget.
i ve used half a year and the sleep switch wont work at timez .. so inconvinent have good battery backup when using wifi only
totally waste of many... rally dont purchase i purchased after 15 days sensor problem came....went on service center they gave phone after 30 days after 5 days another problem came
Good Phone in this price with max features better build quality and very stylish for this price range. good battery backup and flawless operation using it since 6 months and not been dissapointed yet
when i restart the phone....or on the phone.....the phone doesnot on.....over a long period....and displayed like,,,,,,a crack display......after 6 to 7 time on off on off.......then it is on.....so there is a major software problem is there...... . . . . sastha......se abastha........very poor software
I have brought this handset on 1st Feb 2014,after using around 2 months,the main circuit(mother board)has damaged,not only that unable to switch on,it shut down automatically after 5 or 10 mints. When to the MICROMAX SERVICE CENTRE,asked me to keep 15 working days,After 18 days i call the service centre to tell me the status of my hansets but nobody want to upadate,sometime they dn't want to pick up the call and diffucult to communicate in english,fortunately, someone pick the call and keep on-hold about 10 mints without saying anything. Now,its 25 days the service didn't do anything,Guys..this the worst service centre i ever known in my life.I will never go for Micromax hanset.
I have it in Rs.8000 which is wisely spent. Phone's performance is as good as Micromax promised. Due to 4 GB of ROM very good for playing games even with 512 MB of RAM. How ever there's one thing that I'm confused of it says the camera is 5MP however while setting image quality in the phone it shows 4MP. **Well camera quality is not so good & flash is not good at all so taking photos with flash should be avoided.**
GR8 PRODUCT AT AFFORDABLE PRICE. INDDED WORTH BUYING. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. YOU MAY GO FOR THE LATEST MODEL FROM MICROMAX
I am using this product since 3 months. I wasn't so sure about Micromax. I have used Samsung and Sony phones as my previous ones. I am very happy to say purchasing a Micromax was a wise decision. The phone is quite big in dimensions merely because of its bigger screen. Its thin enough to fit in your pocket. Its reasonably heavy. Screen size is big but the resolution could have been better. It is definitely not the sharpest screen in the class. Touch is similar to what a Samsung has. Both the speakers are loud enough. Though the sound quality could have been better. The vibrator makes sound and it can not be sensed when in pocket. Camera quality is not so good. Battery life is excellent. I use wi-fi and/or data connection 24 hours a day but the battery doesn't die before 48 hours. Unlike Samsung, the phone never hanged since I am using it. The configuration is definitely good for its price but its not suitable for a heavy gamer. The price is reasonable and Micromax provides scratch guard in the box. which again saves at least Rs.100/- Flipkart service rocks as always. Rating:- Looks - 4 out of 5 Screen sharpness - 3.5 out of 5 Battery life - 4.5 out of 5 Touch - 4 out of 5 Speakers - 3 out of 5 Usability - 3.5 out of 5 Vibration - 2 out of 5 Configuration - 4 out of 5 (considering price) Camera - 2.5 out of 5 Gaming - 2.5 out of 5 I hope this was helpful.
i think micromax a76 is best option in this price. pros: low price, stylish, long battrey life, fast processor and much more. cons: display is not visible from sides. i am fully satisfied with this. thankyou flipkart and micromax.
Amazing Phone. Loved it. Functioning is Good. Looks Are Crazy. As Mentioned. CAmera Quality Isnot so Good. Processing is Fast .
i am using this mobile..realy cool this is..you may buy it but camera quality is good but have some problem with moveable objects..even a slightly hand shaken will be the cause of a bad picture..
I bought this phone recently for my mother. I have no complaints at all with regards to the quality of the phone. It is a fantastic piece of equipment and I sick and tired of all the nitwit's who complain about it not being branded and after service being not good. I have seen the after sales service of reputed brands like Nokia, Samsung, Sony and they all suck. Besides if you use your phone well you will not need after sales service, would you? Performance wise i don't see much difference between this phone and Galaxy Grand( the old one). CONS: The Camera is not great. Decent for Watsapp and general use, but the pictures don't look great on a computer. Bundled memory is not enough. Not even for a person who doesn't play games . You need to buy a memory card. Besides these 2 points the phone is brilliant.
This phone is simply awesome. Feature wise as well as look wise. It has all the features which we are getting in a phone which costs 20000/-. Its working absolutely fine without any problem.I will strongly recommend to buy this phone as this price. Thanks flipkart.
its very fine handset.working smoothly.plz also give 8GB Memory card with this item. thnx to flipkart................
This phone is awesome, looks are stunning and functions as per the standards. The moment we got this phone- both the sim slots were not working. we got them rectified through micromax service care, 2 months down the line and now the speakers are not working. we have even got them also rectified. praying we dont face any more problems with it. thanks to flipkart for its amazing delivery service.
i brought this phone on this diwali .........very good phone by comparing the price my rating will go 5,,,,,,,,,, one disadvantage........is ...it has not autofocous...but over all it is very good product
I purchased this mobile on 4th Nov 2013 @Rs 7599/- and here is the review after using it for 3 months. ..... WS Retails delivery was superb as usual. Specification is same as mentioned on flipkart except Battery type. It is Li-ion not Li-Polymer. Looks is amazing just like a premium one.You can hold it easily in one hand as its having solid matte finish back panel and edges are also curved to perfection. Display is very good. Pixel density is good (196 ppi). One can easily find true color thanks to 16 m color. There is one drawback... top viewing angle is bad. Touch sensitivity is awesome. super smooth touch. Provided screen guard is ok, but go for a good (scratchguard clear) screenguard. This phone is fast no lags at all. But some times its lags if you install lots of application. There is some useless pre-loaded apps installed better to uninstall or disable them. 512 mb ram is enough (considering the price). Use some ram manager application to kill some apps running on background. HD and Full-HD videos runs superbly. Most high end games runs like a charm thanks to dual core cpu and Mali-400 GPU. Rear Camera is not at all 5 MP. Picture and Video quality is also ok not so good. Secondery camera is .3 mp just ok for making video calls. Battery backup is fine. I won't say its good. It last 1 - 1.5 day for normal usage. (wifi + data, on, browsing for some time, playing some low end games, making some calls). But if you are playing high end games like NFS or browsing heavily it will last for max 3 - 4 hrs. Connectivity is very very good. Browsing experience is amazing no lags at all. I am using airtel Wi-fi broadband and airtel 3G..and this device is superfast on those. Provided ear piece is very good....thanks to Micromax for proving such good accessories. Verdict: You will find same or even better configured mobiles in this range from Karbonn or Xolo. But I opted for Micromax for its brand value and after sales support (haven't tested though :P).
this fone is a beast...!! great job done flipkart and....this is a very versatile fone nt mch time since i strtd using dis fone i gt it in 6th december 2013 nd till now....mind blowing experience i rooted d fone and increase d processor speed it is indeed one of d best fone i hav evr come across after d previous fone i used 2 hav dats iphone 4s...enjoy users i wud strongly reccomend fr hardcore android gamers..
Hello, I was so confused prior to buy any android mobile. there are so many choices but do not know the purposes.. hardly decided and determine to go wid small budget mobile. according to use and importance will go for change.. I think, m first satisfied customer. have no issue wid mobile.. initially there was problem in voice.. but got the solution from flipkart service dept. First of all thanks to flipkart who deliver me mobile at my door step just in 2 days time. Probably mmx canvas fun a 76, good in 8k range. My recommendation for all of you is buy mmx canvas fun a 76, blindly. But do not forget to buy from flipkart. since flipkart provides best in all online shopping sites. Best Regards, Sangesh Jha
the phone is above all my expectations. I bought this as a temporary phone but liked it . i have been using this phone for 5 months now . so lets discuss pros and cons... pros- evrything about phone is very good. it is far better than any other company phones of the same range. cons- sometimes its size :its too big and its only other con is its headphone..they are fragile and not every headphone can be used, it do not allow samsung headphone...
I bought the phone dec 2013. Have no issues to write. I have not made a call from this. Took for games only for my daughter and have downloaded more than 50. Each one works great
I have used this phone for 2 months. This product is real value for money. There are almost no cons if we compare the price tag. No other company gives u such features in this range. If u r planning to buy a mob around 8k then this is the best choice. Dont think that micromax phones are not reliable. They are too good. And the service is also good.
this is an awsome deal guys a super phone which has great features and stylish looks and most affordable a great for net users and music and play hd viedios n PROS: 1 )mb ram spoils it but don t worry if u r not a gaming freak 2)it lags a liittel when u play temple run with apps running at back grounds and soo much 3) camera quality is fine not soo good but best for outdoor pictures ove the cover which is covering the camera lens positive:1)its a super phone for net n wats up 2)i hav blue color 80% good
very happy with the product, The product was delivered within two days. And about the quality of the product its value for money. VERY EASY TO USE & FUNCTION ALSO GOOD rest i am very happy with the product and flipkart services.
very happy with the product, The product was delivered within two days. And about the quality of the product its value for money. VERY EASY TO USE & FUNCTION ALSO GOOD rest i am very happy with the product and flipkart services.
u can buy zen 701 hd at the same price , it has 5 inch hd screen 1 gb RAM 4gb internal memory Android 4.2.1 8 MP AutoFocus Rear Camera with hd recording 3.2 MP Front Camera available for Rs. 8200 believe me folks it is a much better device, although zen is hardly known brand. it produces nice phones
its good no problem at all. it very good mobile for android beginners. I given gift to my Brother and he is Enjoying it
All good i love this. camera disappoints . Game play , screen size is great. comes with screen cover . this should be told explicitly as well.
I purchased this marvel from Micromax for Rs. 8,000 in October'13. I bought it from a local shop in Nehru Place. Initially I wanted to have a Blue colour, but since blue colour was unavailable at that shop, I took Red. Thank God for that! Red A76 look damn hottt :-) After purchasing my phone, I saw my friends Blue colour A76. Red looks way better than Blue! Now about the phone. This phone works like a charm. Till now I am quite happy that I made this decision to purchase Canvas A76. I have used my friends Samsung Galaxy Grand and S Duos. This phone has all the features (Except 1GB RAM and Magnetometer) of Grand for almost half the price! However, even after having 1GB of RAM, Grand is too slow and it hangs more often. I am using 12-15 apps and my phone never hanged yet. Although at times it shows some lag due to low RAM. But this is manageable. It is not that much irritating as in Samsung Grand (after having 1 GB RAM) LOL. Now the Pros and Cons.... PROS: 1) Damn Good looks and solid made. When I take it out in Bus or Metro, people asks me often - "Kaun sa phone hai? Mast lag raha hai.." 2) 5" display with 480*854 resolution (means 160*159 DPI). HD videos and Images looks crisp and sharp. Brightness levels can be managed through Light Sensor. 3) 1.26 Ghz ARMv7 dual core processor makes multitasking butter smooth. 4) It comes with Android 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) which makes A76's operation butter smooth. 5) I have played Temple Run 2, Temple Run Oz and Subway Surfers on my phone. These all runs without any lag due to MALI 400 GPU. 6) It has 3 axis Accelerometer, Proximity Sensor & Ambient Light Sensor. All these helps in better optimization of phone and better gaming experience. 7) It has 2000 mah battery. I leave my home at 8 AM with 100% charging. My usage pattern - Wi-fi remains on during office hours. Few downloads over wi-fi, browsing, facebook and whatsapp chats for 3-4 hours, games and music player for 1-2 hour and 1-2 hour of voice calling. When I reach my home at around 9PM, charging remains 25%-35%. Means battery lasts over a day. Pretty good for an Android device. 8) Good music quality over in-built speakers. Its 'treble' level is amazing. Although music volume is not that much loud but its crystal clear. After manual adjustment of equaliser, you can hear almost every beat of a song in detail. However, the in-ear type ear phones provided with the phone looks impressive but does not delivers that much music quality. 9) Super smooth touch. 10) Good network reception and call quality. Fast internet browsing. 11) Original MMX screen-guard provided in the packaging box. 12) I often use its front camera for Skype calling over wi-fi or 3G, and pretty much satisfied with the calls (voice and video). Now CONS: (though its not many) 1) Not so good camera quality as compared to Nokia, Samsung or Sony. But look at the price difference too. In day light it clicks good pics with its 5MP lens. But pics are grainy when taken in artificial light. Also there is one or two seconds of shutter lag. Means when you hit the click button, after 2 seconds scene will be captured. But this does not matter to me as camera is never a consideration for me while buying a phone. 2) Low RAM. Sometimes you feel restricted due to low RAM but look at the price too. Samsung's 15-20K phone with 1GB RAM could not get that much user satisfaction in terms of performance and smooth operation. 3) Viewing angles are not good. 4) It can't play 1080p videos smoothly, even in MX Player, 1080p Video frame and audio skips at a regular interval. However, 720p videos runs pretty well. VERDICT: If you are searching for a very good phone under 8K, Canvas Fun A76 is the ultimate choice. I highly recommend it. Thank you Micromax for such a good and VFM product.
Great product with great features. Is actually a best Android phone in the price segment. Got it at 7599. Now the product is priced higher and had also gone out of stock. Good to hold and over all quality seem ti be more than satisfying. Android 4.2.2 with 1.2 Ghz dual core processor is great to work with. Camera quality is average though not an issue for me as it is not in my criteria for decision. Headphone(white) are also of very good quality. Battery of 2000mAh gives a good backup. Ram of 512Gb is fine but could be better with 1 GB. Overall best phone in price range
It is the best phone at this price range.... .................................................................................................
very good phone.good colour and great camera.a visual treat and good value for money.flipkart is doing a very good job.keep it up.prompt delivery earlier than stated.
firstly thankz for flipkart, a very good phone with all features in this price range. build quality is superb , look like premium phones, even HD videos can play smoothly, but the viewing angle from the side is not so good
Very good mobile phone in this price with 1.2ghz processor and 512mb ram (not much but good enough) With 5mp camera (not too great!!) with flash support! Good android phone in this range!! If you are photography lover i dont recommend this much! But camera not too bad! Like ok! I am happy with this product and specially FlipKart! Thank You!
This phone is superb........Touch,Battary backup and features are also superb.... Camara quality is good as per 5MP.But one thing is the handset colour which shown in image is differ because the actual colour is dark Blue.so This one point is disappointed me. any how overall average is good. One more thing is I Thanks to FLIP KART for Quick service and also Thanks to WS Retailer for the Price which is always lowest compare to other seller Price. Thank You FLIP KART and WS Retailer, keep it up.. From. VINAY....
What a phone and i got it for only 7375 with 10% off...... and hence for 6500 Rs............ every thing about this phone is good and i am really loving my phone
I got this mobile b4 a week.. I downloaded whatsapp,hike,yahoo messenger, gmail, google+,facebook messenger, bbm, and hell lot of apps .. Dosnt get stuck even once.. Fluid touch screen... But I feel like i made a mistake. This phone is good but at the same rate Canvas Juice A77 recently launched with more specs like 3000maH battery, 1.3 ghz dual core MT chip, 1gb Ram(double of A76).... I feel like i should have bought tat A77... But no this phone also not bad in any specs... Premium lukng mob from micromax..!! Great!! Plzzz flipkart provide some good cases for it!!
One of the best android phones I have had till date. Micromax as a brand is superb. The features, touch response, display, sound, etc etc everything is perfect. Although it is not a camera phone. anyone looking for a budget android phone and greedy enough to want everything in it for so much less price can definitely go for it. TRUE STORY
This is an amazing phone in the range of 8000. Though I got it in the flipkart discount season, thanks to flipkart. and the service is super good. within 24 hours I got my order and am really very content with it.
Its amazing product from micromax, 5" screen looks good. battary backup is good. 3g networks and internet is very fast. I am fully happy with product. Go for Micromax A76....
Good phone indeed. Even rear camera is also not that bad as what other users have been telling so far. Web browing is real fast. I have Lumia 610 too, but browing with A76 is ten times faster (using the same wifi). Worth spending 8K.
Design is good. I would recommend others to buy canvas juice a77 which has twice the RAM and battery of 3000mAh which gives more battery back up and also it has Auto focus camera which might give better results then this. Wait for its stock to arrive in flipkart or else you can buy from other stores.
I bought Micromax A76 from a local store (but at a price of A77 which is not yet available in stores). Some critical features like Call Rejection are not available in Micromax phones. Also the Data cable, Adapter etc are of lowest quality. The speaker isnt good at all and hence the voice quality is pathetic. After having used Samsung Galaxy S2 for few years, this phone has become a liability and ordeal to use. I have reported the speaker quality problem to Micromax, but dont know how much they can help because their quality is sub-standard by itself :( As a side note, a couple of positives the SMS pop up facility is available so that we dont have to navigate there the Signal bars indicate if it is a 3G or 2G signal
best mid range phone but ram is the only problem High end games strucks but flipkart delivery service was great..:)
Bought this from Flipkart. Thank you for your excellent service, got the phone delivered within 22 Hrs of placing order. This phone overall is excellent. Build quality is very good, display is excellent - Angle of view is good. Touch screen sensitivity and accuracy is excellent. Aesthetically the phone looks very good and elegant. (i bought red color) Hardware wise phone is excellent - runs smooth without lag. Call quality and phone speaker is very good. Main Camera is Average at room lighting and Good at outdoor daylight - but at this price range no big brand offers front camera.
i brought this phone from local shop.. i really surprised from this phone.. really amazing performance.. i currently installed 78 apps but there is no hang problem and all.. very good product from micromax.. better to buy this phone instead of Galaxy core, S Duos. Xperia M.. If you buy this phone.. i'm damm sure u will definitely enjoy wid ur phone.. dont always go for Brand Brand.. by the name of brand we alwys get cheated.. try this once.. then u itself come to know..
It's been couple of weeks since i got hold of this. I find this phone pretty nice in terms of performance. I haven't faced any problem so far. Of-course, Battery and Micro max service are the issue you need to live with when you buy this product.Just bear that in mind. Overall good value for money.
Bought this phone 1 week ago for a 512 mb ram phone it runs very smooth while operating ,while gaming it does give some problem but over all the phone is a great deal it gives the similar feature that samsung s2 gives have good processor mediatek 1.2 ghz,have a nice gpu ( ARM mali 400 ) for average gaming but supports high end games also though it will not be smooth experience tried dead trigger 2,nfs mw,asphalt airbone,contract killer 2, and fifa14 crashes a lot due to lack of ram so dont buy if your a gamer else you will be left disappointed as its really frustrating when it closes the application just because you don't have enough ram to process but its really a superb deal withing 8k gives you features that a samsung offers in 10k phone.Micromax as a brand has gone better recent huge jackman became the brand ambassador for the company so there is nothing to hide about the brand its well known and well accepted for the people going for a smart buy this is the best 5inch phone available.
I brought this product and I am very happy that I chose micromax fun. I is an awesome mobile. android is very good ,processor is good, memory is fine and many more good features. I would recommend every one that if your budget is below 10K then u should buy canvas fun a76. the only problem is the camera which is 5 mega pixels. I also need a flipcover but flipkart is not providing. I am waiting for flipkart to provide it.
I know it's a budget device but my guess is Micromax was trying to juggle a lot than it should have. After using this device for sufficient time I feel I could have made a better choice. Goods: Screen size (for those who are a fan of big screen phones) Can handle (processor & RAM) almost anything you throw at it. No lag/restart etc. Feature packed software interface (Android takes the credit here!) Bads: (I am listing just 2 which hurt the most) Horrible Camera! Why have one Micromax, when no one is going to use them anytime. Both the cameras are not to be used ever. Viewing angle: Two persons can not look at the screen simultaneously, sitting side by side. I have seen screens with poor viewing angle, this has to be the worst ever. You might buy it going by all the features it has but camera and poor viewing angle are going to pinch you forever. Had the camera been half decent this device would not be such a cringe-worthy one!!
This is good phone at given price range with great features and good screen. Also good service form Flipkart for delivery.
I After using a week. 5mp camera with flash do not giv picture as expected. Cannot make conference call.cannot save message in draft. Keypad is not 'qwerty' so some complicacy in using. Cannot stop the touch vibration while wruting message and lastly the device do not support automatic internet setting which every network providet sends through message. Rest is ok.
mmx rocks again..............i am using this phone for one month, no problem. pros: good resolution, net surfing is superb,good battery back up(one day),easily plays hd vedio,audio sound in headphone &loudspeaker is decent. cons: camera is a big down, & ringtone volume is not very high so i often miss calls in noisy place even though vibration is on
I purchased my Canvas A76 FUN from local retail shop a week ago. after going through all its features i am very happy and extremely satisfied with its performance. it has got great specifications it its feel is really good. at the budget of 8k you'll probably get a basic android phone from well known global brands, but if you want a trendy and latest features at less price, this is the best one... camera is good for daylight, sound is decent and average but touch and interface are very good, speed is nice, and a sturdy body give a great experience.. games runs smoothly. go for it without thinking twice...
The phone is quite good at this price. The only let down of the phone is its camera.
I bought it, And really guys it is great phone in within 10k.... it is best buy and value for money,,,, please go for it if looking smartphone under 10k... only camera will lil disappoint you otherwise all other feature are just too good with dual core processor... enjoy Fun of 20k smartphone within 10k ;-) Go for it guys...!!
For those who mostly use their phones for purposes other than non-gaming Canvas Fun is a clear go. Considering the features and the specs it provides, it beats most of the higher end phones hands down. Battery backup comes over a day esp. if you are using in GSM only mode.Responsiveness of the device is also great.
For red color set, the actual color is way different than what is shown in the images on flipkart. Those of you who want to buy the red color should be careful. It's on a heavier side. Very nice phone at this price range. Excellent experience with FlipKart.
I have bought this phone in the previous week from local market (because I needed the black one, and they gave it in 7900rs [@kolkata]) Micromax has really improved a lot in these days. The built quality of this phone is simply very refined. The screen and battery is also good. Performance is better than previous generations. Camera is average. Android 4.2 is better than 4.1 in terms of performance too. They have also include better headphones. The only thing that they need to improve is their after-marketing, i.e.: Service Centers and their services. Note: Though it isn't written anywhere (flipkart's page - box) but mmx is provideing a screen protector with this phone also. So have FUN ;-)
HI,I BROUGHT THIS MICROMAX A 76 IN DIWALI....FLIPKART SERVICE IS EXCELLENT..........REG MOBILE ....IT IS GOOD PHONE IN THIS PRICE SEGMENT.......AUDIO,VIDEO,GAMES,INTERNET R GOOD ........BUT PROBLEM IS WITH CAMERA................OVERALL GOOD PHONE............U CAN BUY IT...........
Good enough for me and people not so maniac. Also, we can say it is worth for the money which we are paying. A big thanx for Flipkart for its mindblowing service...as always..!!!!
I've bought this mobile basing on the reviews in flipkart itself. All the reviews have been almost the same, recommending to buy this product. Offlate, Micromax is worked out well with their products. Let me give my review: Pros: 1. Jellybean OS with 512 MB RAM. Interface very fast and no lags in games, apps etc. 2. Dual Sim and even 3G enabled. Google Play Store enabled & download speed at 3G is even more exciting. 3. Gaming works well, with out any lags. 4. Music & video quality has taken this to the next level. 5. All features at the best price and beats almost all its counterparts. 6. Every feature is working well & sleek looks & great finish are highlights. Cons: Not many, only that 5MP camera is not up to the mark. But chalega and is average.
I have purchased from Local Market. It's working good. Good Price, Good Apps, Good Speed. But camara result is not proper like 5MP given in specification. 4 out of 5
very good mobile launched this android mobile with all features did by samsung models which is costlier than this micromax very comfortable handy compact i liked very much cheaper good colour
this fone is really awsome, i got tis fone thru flipkart 2 weeks before ,it is giving me wonderfull experiecnce i ve neva seen in any branded fones like samsung ,nokia , fone touch is very smooth, battery last pretty long enough ,and processor is dual core it makes ur fone work very smooth , worth buy tis fone instead of wasting money on d brand name.
I bought this phone couple of weeks ago....was little worried before buying this..but now i am glad to have this phone...i dont wanna say anything about its features and all...just one thing i wanna say...it is the best phone under 10,000... seriously Canvas FUN a76 CAN DO EVRYTHING ....
Quick delivery, Received today. First of all mobile was really big approx equal to Samsung Note 2, using from morning till now no problem or no lag while loading apps, checked large games like Nova 3 and i am surprised its loading speed is quick than my old Samsung S2, Overall i am fully satisfied with this product. One thing about the headset and Camera... Micromax you can do better than this..
This phone has all the features whom a normal guy wishes to operate with. With android OS jelly bean & 1.2 GHz processor, its operating speed is superb. Its touch sensitivity is very good & Its wide screen helps to view PDFs & other documents easily. Flipkart service is simply amazing. I think samsung grand & this is mostly comparable. Mic & speakers are satisfactory. The only drawback is its battery back up is low. But over all, it is a decent phone to buy
I have brought Canvas Fun Red mobile in local shop for 8100.Flipkart is priced little high for this product, Pros- 1. value for money 2. Very good display 3.processor is 1.2 ghz you can play all type of game 4.slim and light weight 5.battery backup is good remain for 1 day Cons Camera was not good,even though it was 5 pixel in device it is showing 4 pixels plz check this before you buy this mobile air phone quality is not good.
I was ordered it on 16th oct and i got it on 19th oct very gud work done by flipkart and ws seller.... Everything is perfect in this phone except camera quality. It has 5mp camera but it works like an 2mp camera. Otherthing are awesome and i have no issue.
FRIENDS IT'S AN AWESOME PHONE........ GUD DISPLAY AND SMOOTH SCREEN GUD FOR MULTITASKING......AND FOR APPS THE LOOK OF THE PHONE IS VERY SPECIAL LOOKS LIKE NOKIA LUMIA CON'S CAM AND HEADSET IS AVERAGE...........
I got this phone ordered from flipkart and hats off to flipkart my order reached me well before the day promised, And about this phone. People with a very modest budget can really go for this phone. The best feature of this phone are. 1) beautiful 5 inch screen. 2) latest jelly bean. 3) extremely good for gaming. 4) decent battery back up 5) brilliant display. 6) super smooth touch. The only drawback of this phone is its camera. The camera is a serious let off. But it works decently during daytime. A phone with similar features fromm SAMSUNG would have really pinched your pocket badly :)
Got this phone in bright red . Red color looks nothing but just amazing. not for a second you 'll feel like its some rs 8000 stuff. Feels nice to hold. Very sturdy. The back cover is pretty strong . does not fold like soft plastic used in Samsung .i don't care what the technical specs say. All i know that its just awesome. Even if ur budget is around 10000 do take a look because no phone deserves ur money more!!!!!!!!
Hi, I need a black color phone instead of any color if I've wrongly selected. Please check and confirm over the phone before packing or sending. Thanks
i bought this phone for rs. 7700, blue colour and i will say only one thing awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome..........i hv also used samsung quattro and sony xperia l............but they both hanged a lot but canvas fun is so smooth in touch and response that i couldnot believe on my eyes ...i am much happy.......dont go on reviews of these websites bcoz they give good reviews of only those companies who feed them with money
Bought this mobile from local shop on 12/10/2013 for 8K. + Nice display Looks like Lumia - Red (i feel) Sturdy built Smooth touch Glitch free gaming (Temple run 2 & subway surfer) Plays HD videos - Worst Headphone (will get same headphones for 30 rs in Dadar (Mumbai) ) Takes time to connect to Wifi/BT (sometime) Average Camera (First it takes the snap and then actual image is taken)
awesummm phone camera quality is awesum screen size is bigg display is large but the drawback is sound quality its speakers are too large as it is bursting otherwise the phone is excellent i had been using this phone for last two months and having no problem simply just go for it
not at all happy with the handset. bought it online and as i tried to switch it on for the first time, it got off in less than 30 seconds. it shows why one should not believe the local handsets in India and go for branded one.
Guys got it a week ago..touch response is awesome.. Processor is good.and very importain thing is u will get a second gen internet exp with it..but only disappointed thing that camera.vry bad but in day time u will get better snap..if u r a camera lover dont go fr it..but all other thing is awesome in this range..if u require more help email me at utpal.majumder0@gmail.com
a detail review i upload in youtube plz see it... Search for micromax a76 review in youtube...screen size is really for gamers ... and blue back cover is awesome...display is good ...touch is also responsive....thank u flipkart.com and ws retail to deliver is so quick
flipkart price is low .. n the touch response is really osmm resolution is good in this range. the games like modern combat n,subway surfers, temple run runnig smooothyly in this device
Looking of phone is attractive....must purchase becoz 1.camera have to capture good image.. 2 process is good 3
I ordered dis handset from flipkart and received succesfully on time,but the camera quality is very worst ,,,,it is 5mp but works like VGA camera ,so i suggest evry1 not 2 go 4 dis handset................................................
It has been a very nice experience to buy this phone. I recently bought this phone and found very attractive features and body. The boy of the phone is well designed and price is also reasonable. Go for this phone......
*Bought this phone yesterday from the local market... *Works absolutely fine of course it will with 1.2ghz processor and 512mb ram..... *No lags experienced while playing temple run 2 and subway surfers.....so a Good mobile for gaming.... *Internal memory for apps is 1.25gb usable which is pretty good....and also expandable upto 32gb... . CONS: *the only problem with the phone is its camera...it gives good images outdoor during daytime but during night and indoor the image quality is not equivalent to a 5MP camera... *Its is the best MMX phone under 10k and also a competitor to sony's 10-15k range..
