MOBDDEJRJGA8ZNBY
I bought this device from a local store because Flipkart did not have the colour white. This is a super detailed review and any keen buyer must read it. Info : - Device Type : Touch And Type Colours - Black And White. The Samsung India Website also had a pink colour. Bluetooth - 3.0 Battery - 1200 mAh Talk Time - Up to 850 minutes (2G)/Up to 320 minutes (3G) - Company figures. Standby Time - Up to 580 minutes (2G)/Up to 390 minutes (3G) - Company figures. Processor - 850 MHz Camera - 2 Megapixels Touch Screen - TFT, 256 K, 240 X 320 Pixels, 133 Pixels Per Inch. The device is loaded with Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich. The OS runs very well on this device. The 850 MHz processor is good for moderate use. Games do not run very well due to the lack of a graphics card. The Ram is 512 MB and is pretty descent. Internal memory is 4GB which is a strong point. The phone is not a small one. The touch screen is almost same size of Galaxy Y but this one has a wonderful QWERTY Keypad. It is incredible fast. You can also type by Touch Keyboard but the QWERTY is fun. The Camera has modes like Panaroma, Smile, Share Shot (Like Galaxy S3) and Single Shot) and lot of effects like B & W, Sepia etc. Exposure etc. can be adjusted. Other reviews on internet said the camera was horrible but I personally found it not too bad. It was better than my first Android A70 with 5 MP camera which underperformed big time. The OS runs butter smooth. The Touch WIZ UI is exciting. Lots of amazing tweaks done to the OS. Touch feels nice to use. However, the display resolution wise is horrible. The pixel density is very low. Reading small text is a pain. However, normal usage is not affected too much. I normally use iPhone 4 with Retina Display but liked this bundled display too. The back cover has a glossy finish. The silver rim around the front body is plastic. The device does not squeak if grabbed hard. The battery may be just 1200 mAh by figures but the battery on this phone is not a let down. It is amazing. The phone lasted me for 7 hours on Wifi using lots of applications and downloading. The 3G talk time is just 5 hours. The 2G talk time turned out to be near 12 hours with Cellular Data on. The phone is moderately heavy and feels like a premium device. Facebook, Whatsapp are readily integrated. However, the promoted Samsung ChatOn is a let down. There is a dedicated ChatOn key and another key besides it. The other one can be customized for anything. There are a lot of bundled apps like Gmail, GTALK, ChatOn, Samsung Apps, S Planner, Memo, G+, Youtube, QuickOffice and a Download and File Manager. The widget library is also good not forgetting the Google Play Store for downloading. If we slide from the top, a moving notification panel appear. If we slide, we say more setting toggle switches. Even screen brightness slider for adjustment is there. During a call, we can turn on speaker, or even end it using the notification center. A lot of sources were saying the phone does not have call divert, call waiting etc. However, the phone has all these settings from within the phone app. Not all settings are there in the app settings. Each app like contacts, photos etc. has its own setting page from within the app. We can use it as a WIFI Hotspot or even USB tether the internet. The QWERTY keyboard is illuminated making it very usable at night. There is a 3.5 mm audio jack. The factory headphones are very satisfactory. A microSD card is supported till 32 GB. I did not find any option to transfer an app from phone storage to SD card yet. Maybe, the app cannot be moved. Will update review once I find that feature. The phone is quad band. The 3G band is 2100 and support 7.2 Mbps Download and 5.76 Mbps uploading. The Nature UI is not a live wallpaper and just looks like the S3. The lock screen has quick shortcuts. Samsung has also included the Game Hub. The QWERTY is useless if you wanna type something in Landscape. You then have to compulsorily use the display keyboard. The low resolution display is a blessing in disguise. The processor does not get overloaded because of high power by display and runs apps well. Apps look good in portrait actually. So, do check out this phone costing Rs. 8490. It is a good phone that shall not disappoint. It has more features than the Galaxy Chat. However, it needs to be explored well. Enjoy this device!
I dont know how can people rate this phone less than 3... You guys need to get ur heads checked..!!! This phone is basically for all the qwerty lovers who cant type on the BAKWAAS keypads on the touchscreen of all the newer phones... Trust me.. the keypad on this one is very easy to use and thats the usp of this phone. And something that goes along very well is the performance... 512 mb ram and 800 mhz processor is impressive. it can play temple run and many other games with ease..!! something which the htc one v cant do... the only disappointment is the battery which lasts a max of 1 day.. never more than that..!! it gets consumed pretty fast the cam though 2 mp is better than all the nokia's and micromax's 5 mp cams.. sound and video too are nice..!! the screen resolution is less.. but then u dnt have any other qwerty phone.. that offers even anything close to this phone..!! All in all this is a very good phone... the only thing better than this in this price bracket is MICROMAX a110... but without any qwerty
This is a good phone. The price is cheap for an Android ICS phone. The white coloured device looks very stylish. The internal memory is sufficient for most part. The sound quality through head phones is awesome (I use a philips earphone instead of the stock earphones by samsung) And finally the feature that has really got me all worked up is the wonderful qwerty keypad. the keys are small but somehow it works well. very few errors while typing. Writing blogs/tweet/whatnots are simpler on this device. Chatting on Instant messengers are a breeze with this keypad (atleast for me..) I did try a few games on the device. Temple run (flawless), Angry Birds and Bad Piggies (hmmm... flawless for the most part but I did notice minor lags running both these games for about half an hour or maybe it's just my eyes acting out due to the strain :D ), and a few tower defense games like empire defense 2 and nexus defense (both ran smooth). Most of the really awesome titles (Eternity Warriors 2 or Samurai II: Vengeance etc..) won't run on this phone simply because the hardware does not support it (lack of a GPU). It's been three days that I have been operating this phone and frankly the I don't mind the low resolution display. I found that even under the bright afternoon sun, the display is legible (on maximum brightness of course) and that is enough for me. This is also the case with games.. you hardly would notice. But I guess watching videos would be not that great on this phone.. The battery life is ok for a smart phone of this price range I guess. gets through one day with moderate-heavy screen usage and data usage. I'm not a camera person so I rarely notice the 2MP snapper on the back of the phone. But the quality of shots are average (as expected.) charging the phone is a pain and it seems to take a lot of time to be fully charged (from about 8-10% charge to 100% charge). If you have read all this and you are still wondering if buying this phone is worth your time and money... I would say go for it. If you want a decent looking budget android.. this is it. I rate is 5 starts because I just bought this phone and I love it.
This is obviously a low end Android phone. It would be pretty futile comparing this with an S3 or something of that sort. Hence all the points I am gonna make will be in comparison to phones in the similar price range. One more thing, I've been using basic models for the past six years and this is my first mobile with features worth talking about. 1.Firstly, the Camera is pretty average for a phone with that price range. But since I am not much of photographer type I looked past it. 2.The music player is decent and the sound quality is decent too. The speakers could have been a bit louder though. 3. Most games and other apps can be used without any hiccups. Only the really heavy ones crash, that too occasionally. The 850MHz processor is good enough for most apps. 4. The Internal memory of 2GB is unbelievable. 5. The head sets provided are pretty ordinary. 6. The low resolution might bother you a little in the beginning, but when you see how the apps run seamlessly on this, you'll forget about it. 7. I don't really know about how good ICS is compared to the previous versions, since I haven't used an android device before. But all I can say is its pretty comfortable and makes for a good experience. 8. The battery could have been better though. With moderate-heavy usage the battery can survive up to one day. 9. I have saved the best for the last. QWERTY keyboard. It's obviously this phone's best selling point. Once your fingers get used to it(which should take 2-3 days) it provides you brilliant typing experience. I will go on record saying that this phone is the best in the below 10K category of smart phones. If you like its looks and don't mind the camera, then there is really no reason for you to choose any other phone in the below 10K category.
It is a very slow phone....when i bought this phone i thought it to be a good one....but it is a very slowww phone....please don't buy this...now i have bought iphone......so what it is expensive...at least it is more faaaaaaaaaaaaaasstt than this....!!!! still giving this 2 stars for android supportive...!!!!!!!!!!
The phone is quite good with ICS version. The visibility could have been better. Else everything works good. A-GPS locks within no time. good decent photos. strong signal strength, great 3G speed. Great service from Flipkart
Friends This is the best smart phone at this price. 1.LOOKS & DESIGN- When i received this smart phone through flipkart's great and fastest service ....and as soon as i unpacked it....only one word come in my mind...that is wwwwoooowwwww..this smart phone looks great....its so stylish....especially the white one....so elegant design...well spaced qwerty keyboard.Its feels great when you hold it in your hand.5/5 for design and looks 2.PERFORMANCE- this smart phone comes with 850Mhz of processor which is very very good at this price point.And friends beleive me its so fast and responsive.Its come with adreno 200 GPU which is also very good. You can play almost all game on this device.But some HD games Like Call of duty,Brother in arms,fifa 2013 cant be played on this device coz of its GPU.But most of the games can be played and its delevers very good performance while playing games.There is no leg what so ever when i played Bad piggies HD,Angry bird Space,Temple run etc 5/5 For performance 3.ROM & RAM- Friend in this device both ROM & RAM are pretty decent.You will gate around 1.84Gb of free space which is quite good.And the most important thing is that you will get 445 Mb of RAM.Which is fantastic.It's much more better than the devices available at this price point .Coz of its great User Interface it suck very low amount of ram and gives u a fantastic performance.4.5/5 for Memory 4.CAMERA AND DISPLAY: This Device offers you 2Mp camera which is not good at all.The camera loving person will get depressed.So if ur camera lover ...this smart phone is not for u.And the display is 240*320 which is also a poor resolution.YOu may find difficulty in reading small text. 2/5 for camera and display SO FRIENDS I RECOMMEND THIS SMART PHONE.COZ OF ITS GREAT DESIGN AND PERFORMANCE. I WANNA GIVE FIVE STAR BUT COZ OF ITS CAMERA AND POOR RESOLUTION I CANT GIVE IT.BUT IF U R NOT CARING ABOUT IT U SHOULD BYE THIS PHONE.
Hi All, I brought this phone yesterday from local market. But When I check the internal memory it says 1.95 GB Total memory. Any Idea of other 2 GB being utilize? I Called the customer care and said that only 2 GB is avilable for Media files and other things. 2 GB is used for Android. Is there any way to find out if it really has 4GB internal Memory? And about ROM customer centre had no Idea as they were not having the updated informaion
Flipkart service fantastic as usual. Unfortunately this phone purchased from Flipkart after reading reviews of ppl proved to be a disaster. Phone is ultra Slow. Have formatted it 4-5 times in past 1 month after I purchased it. With only What's app,gmail and my email exchange configured in it,phone starts to run slow to such an extent that if I have to make a call opening address book, it takes around 10secs. Sometimes to addend the call,I have to keep waiting upto2-3 secs after swiping the screen.
bought this phone 20 days back.. updated to JellyBean.. having no issues with it.. phone is fast enough.. have 60 apps and games in total installed on it.. had bought it for 6000.. the sudden price drop to 5300 is surprising.. the phone is totally worth a buy..
its a beast for me and the most best thing about this mobile is it can be upgraded to jelly bean 4.1.2 and i have upgraded my mobile. i bought this mobile not from flipkart but from my hometown washim and man i too reciewed awes from my friends by upgradation. frnd u should buy this mob rather than choosing karbonn, micromax, etc
I am writing this review after using this Samsung Galaxy chat for 6 months. Thanks for samsung for coming up this edition. I was looking for a phone which will serve my purpose of writing emails and was sick of Blackberry. This one is awesome and never expected for such low price. I am loving it specially the touch and type option. Flipkart provided this phone at an attractive price and offer added to it. If you really want phone at a low cost and with attractive features...Go for it.
Phone is awesome, never expected such a phone for such low price. I am really loving my phone. Thank you Flipkart for the added discount. Everything was smooth since i read about this phone on a different website. I checked out the price for this phone at many places and FlipKart had this phone at relatively lower price than elsewhere. Regarding performance of this phone, i have no words to describe. I just installed Jelly Bean and the phone works like butter, very smooth. Battery life seems to be good as i had worked for more than 4 hours on WIFI and still the phone was alive the next day. Camera is not that good, but we cannot expect everything for such low price. This phone is definitely best bet for this price.
Using it for 1 month now..gr8 service by Flipkart..delivred it in less than 48hours..market price of this fon in our area is Rs.8000..flipkart offerng it fr Rs. 7390 with 8gb memory card.. wat bettr cn u expect!!! this fon has EVERYTHING (& a bit more) that u cn hv in this price range.. Ice Cream Sandwich + Processor 850 MHz + Memory 512 MB RAM + QWERTY Keypad + Capacitive Touch + Looks + Gaming - Resolution QVGA, 240 x 320 Pixels - Camera 2 Megapixel Avg. Battery Avg. Audio Avg. 2GB of internal storage Avg. 3 Inches Screen size Avg. I bought this fon bcoz f its QWERTY keypad nd Android 4.0.4 i.e. ICS..if u r into texting nd "twitting" nd need a budget Smartphone,Look no further.
It has been almost 20 days since I bought the Galaxy Chat B5330 phone. The delivery through Flipkart was prompt & supportive. It was even delivered early as requested due to my probable unavailability at the shipping address on the scheduled delivery dates. Packing was decent & sufficient. I'm relatively happy with this product. With this handset, there are many firsts for me: 1) My first where I've deviated from my usual & loyal brand (which I'd been using for over a decade, gradually upgrading over the years) 2) My first Android phone 3) My first touchscreen phone The biggest disappointing factor is the battery life - it lasts only for 1.5 days exactly, before the phone starts 'crying' for food (charge). This is really surprising & sad. Especially since I've not yet started using any of the applications or other features - till now I've just used the basic features such as calls, messaging & the occasional e-mail & internet browsing & hardly any movie recording or music player...my earlier phones would go without 'food' for as many as 5-6 days at a stretch!! The worrying part is the dependency on charging when traveling/on the move. The navigation & ease-of-use is easy thus far. Touch response is good. Probably need to get used to the touchscreen. The keypad is quite useful & not as 'stuffy' as I thought it might be (considering that I seem to have 'fat fingers' & find it difficult to use the tiny keypads). The panorama mode in the camera is a really cool feature I've just tested. Helps gets ALL the items into the picture. I understand there's lots for me to explore, learn & use on this handset. Hope I'll come across more amazing features & lesser/nil disappointments.
Its not even a month and i am experiencing display problem with the phone.Yesterday night when i got to bed the phone was working perfect.Morning i woke up and i found that the display doesn't work properly.I can see the display before i unlock the screen and once i unlock it,the display is just white screen.need to get to the customer care tomorrow today being Sunday.
I bought this phone in November first week 2012 after comparing with other android phones below Rs 8000. I am satisfied with the performance of this phone except a minor issue...that is the volume is little less, for speach as well as when playing music without headset...many a times when i am in a bus or in traffic, i am unable to hear the ringing...also while talking i need to put the phone close to the ear...i dont know this is only a problem with the particular piece that i got, because i dont remeber reading such a review...and in in-doors i dont have any issues with the phone...Actually i was persuaded by my friend to take this instead of samsung galaxy y which costed Rs 1000 less, but with android 2.3...I really do not know still, android 4.0 is giving me any specific advantages..Also the screen size ( 3") do not allow a comfirtable reading of PDF documents, which i wanted..So if you are mostly working outdoors and if you want to read PDF docs comfirtably, pls consider other phones with bigger screen size, spending Rs 1000 or 2000 extra...Otherwise this phone is the best in this price range...
"HONESTLY I WAS MISLEAD WITH THIS CELL PHONE, WORKS VERY SLOW AND NOT GOOD SCREEN RES AS WELL. THE TOUCH IS PATHETIC AND THE KEYPAD IS A DISASTER,, ABSOLUTELY CHEATED IN THIS PURCHASE... WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER USED. I REALLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS CELL ... WASTE OF MONEY....THUMBS DOWN
I will start this review with FlipKart service. As usual its very efficient and the phone got delivered to me in less than 2 days flat. very quick service and all applause to FlipKart for keeping up the good work. Now regarding the phone. I am very disappointed with it after just 1 week of usage. Lots and lots of problems here. First of all the wired handsfree does not work properly. I ride bike for long distance and hence handsfree is a must for me as i have to pick up calls while riding my bike. The wired handsfree is not able to receive calls and i have to stop my bike to take calls. thats pathetic. whats the use of a phone when it does not do the basic stuff leave alone other shit like Android, Qwerty, Touchscreen. Next the arrangement of power/reset/lock key on the handset is a blunder. Its on the side and very small and operating it is a pain as the phone locks up frequently. I find it irritating to press this button everytime, a complete screw up by Samsung. The camera is complete shit. it does not take clear pictures in broad daylight leave alone night time. I am hoping that atleast Android, Qwerty, Touchscreen etc will work properly but still i have very little faith left .I bought this phone by going through the reviews here as many people said the phone is very good. But i am blaming myself now for committing this blunder and loosing my money. I feel like i have been cheated.I am advising people to not trust these reviews and instead go to a showroom before buying any mobile. But be very careful before buying samsung mobiles and double check or your condition will be similar and you will also be stuck with this for future as i am now.
Got this phone on dussera and found it to meet my expectations. I wont go into the pros & cons as they have been discussed here and i feel pros & cons are subjective. The thing that i was hoping to see and did not find is; no customization of the alarm tone. I did not find the snooze option that can be set during adding an alarm. I do not see a mute ringtone option during an incoming call or maybe i need to explore it. I could manage half a day (around 10 hours) on 30% battery that was when i bought it. Charged it at night (11.30 pm), and currently the battery is around 85%. Battery backup depends all on data connectivity. GPS also uses battery so keep it off in not needed. Resolution is low (compared to my previous phone) but that does not hinder functionality. This is truly a budget android providing ICS at such a price which is a great positive. I did not buy it from Flipkart as i prefer buying cellphones from a shop after physically seeing them.
This is one of the best android phone available in the market within 6000/- price range! I know many prefer buying Micromax and other brands having very high radiation problems within the same price range, but as Flipkart slashed the price 2000/- for samsung galaxy chat, so a good option instead of buying micromax, karbonn..! Everyone must be aware about the features of the phone but I will say, VALUE FOR MONEY phone @ Rs.5699/-
sowwie dint get it frm flip kart..... the phone is simply awsome ... too cheap for android "ice cream sandwich" u search the whole universe but u wont find a phone with ice cream sandwhich in 8k all apps r fast accesable .. the phone's got a speed of light jus 1 problem: the camera.. isnt tat good.. but u get a camera much better to nokia's any 2mp camera n there is no editing option for photo's unlike other samsung phone's but overall its a best buy product.. go for it.. u dont need to think twice :)
This is a good cell phone, easy to use, handy, light weight, good touch experience, only thing is ..the processor is not robust u can't play games. How ever its good for light surfing mailing and light weight games like sudoku etc.
I bought this 2 months ago, and this is a very good choice for an android device in the sub-10k range. Lookwise it beats all qwert-cum-touch phones in the same range. Performance, sound and display are very good. Camera is of low quality. Phone hasn't slowed down till now, for me, though I have installed more than 10 new apps. Overall a very good phone for those who want an android device with qwerty for below 10k.
bought this phone online from flipkart, it was delivered in 2 days flat ,, thanks to unbeatable flipkart service .. but the product is a total let down. the phone was slow got hanged with almost every common task. the qwerty keypad is a boon but the extremely slow performance made usage a frustrating experience. 5 days after the purchase the wifi refused to turn on at all and i had to return the product. Thanks to flipkarts seemless service and return policy buying online has become such a trouble free process, even for a bad product like this one the over all shopping experience was good
don't buy this phone. any high valued game will support. its a worthless product. as i have to rate so i put 1 star is only...but it deserve zero !!!!
Been using for the 3+ months Pros: - Price - Call Audio Quality - V.F.M - Qwerty keyboard - Good built quality Cons: - Slow - Bad screen clarity & resolution - Hangs often - Below par battery life for the screen size Earlier used HTC Nexus One [THE phone that start Android] Worked great till it died :( Even though the earlier phone was stuck with Android 2.3 version, it was an awesome phone. Looked around for a decent phone and wanted to try out QWERTY phone. Was attracted to the latest android version & QWERTY. Was always apprehensive about the puny processor. And that turned out true. Phone often hangs trying to retrieve contacts. And i've reduced my contacts to show only from SIM card. Heats up when using GPS+DATA for navigation and needs constant charging to work for long durations (above 2hrs) in this mode. Bottom line: Only good for those who don't have data intensive tasks on phone. Not really a smart phone, just a "wannabe" phone! Good as an upgrade attempt phone but can scare those with high-expectations.
When i got this phone it was having ICS 4.0, samsung has now updated the OS to Jelly bean 4.1.2.................................................................................................. This phone has only 512 MB Ram, so you cant run many apps and widgets that has to run on the back ground ... but for staying connected with messenger apps this is a good phone and battery life is decent.
Phone is good only. Using from last two months. Phone is really very nice. But speed is not expected. And you can not enjoy video also. Having this but not 100% happy with It. Recommended for who wants only android, If wants to use all android 4 compatible applications then don't buy this device.
Thanks to flipkart for providing such a marvelous android mobile for a petty price. Unbeatable beast as far as performance is concerned. The only Achilles heel you would find is its screen resolution, but doesn't matter when it comes for such an awesome price tag. Even if the price is 7000+, it is worth buying. Go for it if you need an entry level ANROID 4.1 (JELLY BEAN) device.
I got mt phone within 2 days of ordering(on sunday) and i m really grateful to flipkart for such a speedy delivery and that too on Sunday. This is a super duper awsum phone in this price range(4769) and also flipkart is selling this phone way below the current market value(~7000). What i instantly loved about this phone is the design and the qwerty make up. The keys are easy to use ,looks crammed but actually its very smooth to type.Also the phone is quite light weighted (surprisingly). The earphones are standard and touch is also good. The only problem with this device is the screen resolution.If u are using a mid range android smartphone,you will probably be taken aback by the poor resolution of this device.:( overall its a good phone in this range.
Well Flipkart delivered this phone just after 1 day of my order !!.. of which i am impressed .. The phone's battery drains very quickly (needs to be charged within 1 day) and its internal memory is 2 GB not 4 GB as written here... rest all is fine as per the specs mentioned here ...
Phone feature wise is good - meets my expectations. However, the battery life is the worst I have seen. It needs frequent charging only to get drained in no time - hardly any applications have been downloaded.
first of all flipkart should correct their info.. dis phn contains 2GB internal memory not 4GB.! d phn is @its best.. it'll nt dissappoint uh.. bt its d battery d main cause fo ua disappointment ,..! overol gud phn.... preloaded wit usefull apps.. ! qwerty u'll luv to typ wit.. ! i'll rate dis phone 4.... battery could hav been far more betta..!
My wife was looking for a touch and type phone. I thought Samsung Chat would just be a basic phone (some android version and maybe some bit memory in it). Surprisingly, I feel I got more power and features in the Rs 5999/- phone! The touch is obviously not as good as a high end phone, but the buttons are smooth. Has android 4.0 ( I upgraded it to 4.1), decent camera, 512 RAM. The only problem I realized is my laptop doesn't recognize the phone as a storage device easily. I have to plug the USB cable in and out a few times before it does. If you are not a mobile games freak, and are not planning to use it for any other heavy apps, this phone is worth more than its price.
Dis phone has awesome features.. its qwerty keypad roxx... it has a ability 2 grab ppl 2 look 2wards it... 2 mega pixels camera is enough 2 satisfy someones need... updatin d android to jellybean is actually useful.... it is gr8 for chatting purpose... 2gb internal memory seems 2 b enough but if is actually less... tht is y jst gave 4 stars... batery suport is gud... dis a gud mobile as n cheap android.. white color chat is btr thn a black 1.... colors shoud b introduced.. it will b btr if dual sim chat is released.. rest it an good phone... n will never disapoint d user
veryyyyyyyy cool phone bought it from a phone shop in gk-2 they told me this a nice phone but the touch screen is not good i said give it even 1 month the touchscreen is working amazingly i thought the price was acceptable and i LOVED THE PHONE
Lastest version of android on a quad band android phone...Cool. Who on earth is this designer? 'Comma' cannot be directly entered on the physical key board. It needs extra stroke - pathetic. What was happening to the review team at Samsung?
When i ordered this product i got it for 7600,but surprise how come in 2 weeks it has dropped so much.. Mobile is very good and great!!!! Very easy user interface High Speed. Great rich Look. Camera is poor
Quite responsive touch...Extremely user-friendly qwerty keypad....Even got upgraded to jellybean OS...Compatible with all the trending apps(except a very few-subway surfers, fl commando)...very few lags... Highly Satisfied with the product !
I am a qwerty addict & wanted a decent qwerty Android phone which was around 12-13k,& atleast has ICS,& could manage semi-upper level gaming. The competitor was HTC Chacha,but boy,it has 125 mb internal memory,that too 75% preoccupied by internal apps.& a laggy processor. Plus it's screen dimensions are inverted! length bigger than breadth,doesn't work for today's phones! Then I came across this phone,except for a very good camera,it has all the making of a 12-14k phone,i was shocked to see it's price! I bought it for 7.5k from a nearby store,& it's 2 months now,yet phone performance is wonderful! The greatest thing about the phone is,the internal memory & the processor. 2 gb internal memory,850 MHz processor,qwerty at 7.5k,what else do you need?! & it's touchwiz is ultimate!! Just too good! And for FAGS talking rubbish about it's qwerty,it's decent. You can get accustomed to it in a couple of days. I play Subway Surfer,Temple Run OZ,even Dead Trigger[with low resolution] on it.. Camera is a bit average,2mp,& screen ppi is low,but what else can you expect even after getting so much in this price range. Great,infact MUST buy for qwerty users,there's no better phone available in Indian market,whatever be the price range. [& don't even think of buying HTC Chacha,or A78]
this phone is good... but i got software problem in this phone after buying of 3 to 4 days... i got delivery in 3 day... it was Awesome .... ........................................................................
I bought this phone 4 months ago from flipkart. Most of the apps run smoothly. But this phone does not have a graphic card. so response time for games like temple run is too slow to play. Lighter applications run well. Also, the internal memory is not 4GB as mentioned in the features and specifications on flipkart but just 2GB. Need to clear cache occasionally to improve speed. Best part is the qwerty keypad. There is a slight problem if you're calling someone and the same person is trying to call you at the same time. The phone locks the contact and you can't call anyone else for some time or till you restart (this happens very rarely). Music player is good. video player has great quality. The camera is also reasonable with different modes like panorama etc. Overall a good buy at a very reasonable price
This is a Good Basic Android Phone with hardware keyboard for this price. Some reviewers are giving this phone low ratings because they are expecting too much from a low price. For this price, this is the best phone. For myself, I only needed Android 4.0 and a hardware keyboard. I primarily use this phone for email, and gtalk. For that it works great. I have not tried using it for phone calls. This phone has Android 4.0.4. installed which is a newer version that the Samsung Galaxy S2. The screen is basic, speed is ok, battery can work for more than a full day on wifi. Not all Apps will work on this phone because Apps have basic requirements to work. For example, Google Currents doesnt work on this phone because it does not meet basic requirements. So, before you buy make sure you find out which Apps will work. These Apps work good for me: Battery Solo Widget Facebook Flipboard Gmail Google Apps Device Policy Google Keep Google Maps Google Voice Google Talk Skype Twitter WhatsApp SilentMode OnOff Plus all other Apps that were already installed on the phone. Flipkart did a good job on delivery. Ordered on 20th Mar and received on 22nd Mar.
I found this phone after researching for months for a good touchscreen qwerty. Turned down Blackberrys, all look almost indentical. Same design worked to death. And small screens. Then, thanks to the previous review writers, i gave this phone a serious look-through. Got the white version, put a nice back cover from Connaught Place in white on it, shows the top and bottom, covers the side and back, and voila, i have a phone that not only works great...... it looks so good, i dont care if others have phones the size of trays! And even though my sister also has it, and when i saw it first, i thought it was great but screen resolution was a trifle disappointing. Now strangely, I don't feel that about my own! I wonder if Samsung tweaked it?> Anyway, i got great value for money, a free microSD card, 500 cash back, what else could i ask? The net works great, the Contacts open even if i can remember only part of a name, or a few digits of the number, feels sleek and snug in my palm, and gets eyes turning in my direction. ... I know mine would if I saw it. Luckily, few people have it, it seems. Another point for this beauty. Total 'paisa-vasool'. Hurry if u like the sound of this, it is already out of stock in the shops... Flipkart gave me great service as usual. ... God bless Mr Bansal.
Flipkart delivered ahead of schedule. Using this for last 15 days. Mine is black in color, looks classy. Can’t use the camera of this phone since 2MP hardly gives clear pictures. My preference was to have a separate digital camera for this purpose, instead of spending > Rs. 20 K on one device! Battery can stretch upto 2 days with average usage, but will last only 1 to 1.5 days for very heavy to heavy usage. (I am not a gamer). Keep Wi-fi, Bluetooth, GPS off when you don’t require them. Pros: ICS OS @ Rs. 7K! Nice 3” screen for decent viewing even in bright sun, decent UI (it is fully worth for what you have paid) Videos are a bit of a squeeze in size, but very clear. QWERTY keypad is a boon for typing. 2GB of internal storage, so you can store apps without worrying. Good sound quality on a fully functional music player. Just within the maximum size to fit into normal palms, else anything bigger than this would have been difficult to grip especially for heavy texters. Cons: Camera is just for the heck of it. (Nowadays nothing less than a 5 or 8MP with flash, can be considered decent.) Samsung could have considered a higher version of camera for higher price. For a FM radio fan like me, no stock FM recorder. (Apps are yet to work out for me as of now) Glossy backside is prone to fingerprints smudges and then it becomes slippery (Just wipe it!) Max ring tone volume not sufficient for those who use phone in noisy traffic etc. (Use alongwith the vibrator)
Firstly i would like to thank Flipkart for its timely service and a very good responce from Call Center Executives. About the mobile...its simply an awesome mobile with attractive looks and great internal features.. i just have some issues with its battery.. overall... the best android mobile at this range!!!
I have been using this set for the last 8 days. Flipkart delivered it within 3 days. Thanks to Flipkart. I also got 500 Rs. cash back & A 8GB sandisk memory card(class-4) free with the mobile. Absolutely FANTASTIC phone set at this price. I m very satisfied. Popular games like Angry Bird, Temple Rum1&2 etc run smoothly. Video & Sound quality is very good.Internet connectivity is also very fast(though it depends majorly on your internet service provider).Touch is also very good.One can play games continuously for 3 hours and can have net surfing for 2 hours.It clearly indicates that it has a very good battery back up.Quarty keypads are simply awesome. At the same time the WHITE colour enhances the look of the set.It also gives you a royal feeling.It would have been the best one it would have a 5MP camera with flash. But Overall its a very good mobile to possess.Very happy to own this Galaxy Chat-5330...go for it friends..........its FANNNNNNNTASTIC....
I bought this phone offline. I previously had the very similar Micromax A78, which developed problems with its microUSB. If this Samsung phone had been available last year I'd have bought it then. Huge caveat: I had major troubles with 3G (Airtel, Chennai). Not only would it randomly stop working, but it would cause telephony to stop working altogether, and only a reboot would cure it. 2G (EDGE) was fine. There was an over-the-air update but it did nothing for this problem. Factory reset/data wipe also did not help. I finally flashed a newer firmware (B5330XWALL2) that I found online, and that has fixed the problem: it now works perfectly so far. But obviously this solution is not for everyone and if you do it wrong you can brick your phone. But it is also possible you will not face this problem (presumably it wasn't found in testing). [EDIT - it turns out that firmware did not totally fix the problem. But the newer 4.1.2 (jelly bean) does fix it. As of now only the Spain version is out there, but it works fine. I have been using it for a few weeks.) Now for the rest of the pluses and minuses. Plus: Cheap. Very comfortable QWERTY keyboard (I completely don't understand why these have gone so totally out of fashion. I can't deal with on-screen keyboards.) Decent-sized screen. Adequate memory. Good performance, for the price. I don't notice lag or unresponsiveness in the UI (I did replace Samsung's launcher with Zeam). Minus: Poor-res screen (320x240). It is usable and the size is adequate but small fonts do look blurry. No ambient light sensor. No front camera (so no video telephony). Samsung's UI (launcher) is a mess to use and lists applications in a random order -- but you can replace it. There is a useless "chat" key on the qwerty keyboard that pops up the chat program if you press it by mistake: probably I will root the phone and remap that key. [EDIT: I did root it, removed the chat program and a lot of other Samsung junk, and the phone is much better now.] Minor issue: Bottom qwerty row (zxcv..) shifted by one compared to my previous Nokia and Micromax, so I tend to type x instead of c, etc (but I think this is the Blackberry layout, so Blackberry users will be comfortable, and my fingers are already learning). [EDIT: I am now completely used to this layout.] There are pretty much no android qwerty phones around with better specs. So if qwerty is important to you, or price is important, get this phone. If you don't need a physical keypad, and have a higher budget, get something else. [EDIT/UPDATE]: As of now this is the only QWERTY android phone available on Flipkart, or anywhere, it looks like. So if you want a physical qwerty keypad on an android phone, you have only two choices: 1. Get this phone (it's "good enough" for me but it is not for serious gamers, hi-res photography, watching movies etc). 2. Get a high-end phone and a bluetooth keycase.
My first Android phone. When I thought of shifting from my black berry 9300 to an Samsung Android phone I felt like downgrading myself. But this new Samsung phone proved it wrong and astonished me with various features Android provides. Inter-phase is smooth. Most of the downloaded apps run well and has most of the options usually provided by any smart phones. Aesthetic. Today my new phone has completed 3 months. Very good value for money. One of the key had a problem but I got it rectified through Samsung Service center for free. Battery life is moderate. You'll have to charge it again in a day if you extensively use the resource hungry apps.
This is my first Android phone and have been using it for last 10 days. Pros: 1. Android ICS. 2. Keypad - easier to type-in. 3. Good performance with available processor speed and memory. Cons: 1. Camera
Its very good smartphone with cover almost all features. (ICS Android 4.0, good processor, internal memory, responsive touch with a QWERTY keys make it easy and quick to use). It like pure business phone. And excellent delivery from flipkart.
Bought this phone 4 days back and have been continuously amazed since then. I had made a big mistake by buying a Windows phone before that. After somehow managing that for 4 months I could bear it no more (mostly due to its inability to transfer files over BT and annoying lack of quality apps). Finally decided to buy this phone and I can assure you that other than the poor display (which one can get used to eventually) this phone is flawless.
Previous phones used: Nokia E72,E71 Current phones: Gal Tab 7.7 (P6800) & B5330 Gal Chat-white color. Usage period- 4 months Gen User experience: in general Not too happy when compared to my E72 Pros: touch & type(keypad type option is mandatory for me), cheap! Cons: Lag-not smooth in comparison to other phones i have handled-choppy, guess it also have to do with apps installed & used, Battery backup is atrocious if u r a heavy user-I am! (surprisingly with me connected online 24/7 my 2 year old E72 used to last at least 1.5 days while the max Chat lasts is 9 hours!!!) - i already had a battery die on me after just less than 1 month use-but got it replaced from service centre for free since it was in warranty period-but why so soon!!!? , no Jelly bean update so far!!!? Screen resolution is too bad! Maybe i am spoiled by my Ipad 3 & Super Amoled+ of 7.7, but even nokia was much better in comparison! I wouldnt have minded spending 1K extra for better resolution screen- absolutely not visible in sunlight even with full brightness-which is a huge con! Bottom-line: I was in a way aware of the above, but still went for it only since I wanted a touch & type phone, and android too. Comments to samsung: Improve Battery, screen, memory & charge even 1.5k more, still ppl will buy in droves. As of now, not good enuf...
These is really a good one. The only one fault is the camera is only 2 mp. It will be awesome if camera would upgrade with 5 or at least 3.2 mp with a flash. Then it will be sold in Rs- 9000 normally. The sail of this phone will much improve than now. Over all its a good one to buy.
Best phone in this price range. This phone got everything you want. ICS4, touch and type, good processor, decent screen size. Only resolution is not so good, but one cant expect everything @ such a low price. Flipkart - Great service. I bought it for my sister and she's too happy with this phone.
Its simply superb. Ics and Qwerty. Many say full touch is good, that's because they haven't used touch n type. Temple run is flawless. camera is average but it is ok. Touch ux is running without lag. also tried mx player and played 480p (No Lag) If u are waiting Galaxy music is on the way.
Ordered it on monday 22nd Oct and received it on 25th Oct. Actually I had to go to bluedart to get it early. Great service by flipkart. The product looks cool.. its big with the qwerty keypad. I thought there would not be any data cable, but it is there. The android v4.0 is cool and it is better than v2.3. Video player and music player is awesome. The applications run smooth on the phone and I have not faced any problem within a day of my use. I would give it a five star as I got what I was expecting. The keys are fine and it is easy to type as compared to touch screen phones only. A nice buy.. you can use it as a mini computer. Thanks Samsung for another wonderful product.
Qwerty and Touch - Good (should have small fingers to use keyboard) Sceen resolution - Bad (Samsung should work on this) Games - OK Price - Reduced to 6k which is good Battery - Not bad (Taken 3 hours for charging) Software - Updated to 4.1 (Jellybean)
This is one of the best android phone available in the market within 6000/- price range! I know many prefer buying Micromax and other brands within the same price range, but as Flipkart slashed the price 1500/- for samsung galaxy chat, so a good option instead of buying micromax, karbonn..! Everyone must be aware about the features of the phone but I will say, VALUE FOR MONEY phone!
very recently bought this mobike from flipkart(Samsung Galaxy Chat B5330)... Quite an excellent one just as i expected... with a chaton messenger... superb net surfing speed... however,the speaker is not as good as u get in a SONY phone... nevertheless, much better than its counterpart NOKIA.. Definitely is anyone's darling below 10k category... I think Samsung should improve the touchscreen as i feel that the touchscreen is brilliiant but simply not quite the best... Camera although 2MP is as good as a 5MP one(that u get in a 14k phone like Galaxy ACE)... another point before i end, is that the Qwerty pad is simply awesome... if u buy it, definitely u are getting an awesome typing experience!!! quitely rightly, termed the galaxy chat!!!
This is a good entry level Android Phone.It does most of the things a mid level Android phone(15-20k) does.With the cons said by others like Display & Camera the con which I noticed was that, the phone lags a li'l toomuch after you import ur contacts from fb & gmail. Except for these, the phone is still a great buy for its features especially the Qwerty key pad which is pretty cool .My sister planned of gifting me this phone on the New Year's eve(as a surprise & ordered it seeing the expected delivery date as 2nd Jan'13) & she got irritated when the surprise broke 3 days earlier(Flipkart delivered it on 30th Dec'12).Great job flipkart Ha Ha!!
I ordered this from Flipkart on 8th jan and got it delivered next day itself. I saw a review stating this mobile hangs and sometimes responds slow... let me tell u, there is nothing like that at all, but it may happen only when u have too many applications running at the same time. all u need to do is to close unused appln from application manager tool.... One review was about very low earpiece volume.... that might be with the particular handset as mine is absolutely fine-loud and clear... :-) I initially wanted to buy Galaxy Y S5360 but than saw this one which is a more better deals it runs on android ICS, has QWERTY keypad, a better look than galaxy Y S5360.... Overall I would say Its a good deal to get this phone.
amazing phone is everything you ever wanted display is good and also camera does the job awesome and well Samsung gives u a stunning looking charm of a phone which you can very well flaunt around and also its absoulutely a fabulous phone
Recently bought this phone and at this price range it has a superior processing speed and Android ICS ideal for students or basically for everyone . Except the phone camera (which is 2.0 MP FF) & the display quality... Anyways the Flipkart service was awesome as always ..Hats off :)
Thia phone is ok not so gud..as they Promo......One main cheating in this phone is that they display in their site that in built Memory is 4 GB , but actually its 2 GB.... So pls check all Feature very well before purchase this SET.
i bought it yesterday as my first anroid phone ...... i realy thank flipcart for a good cash back offer.................................and i recomend this mobile as it is feature loaded and from samsung......................
I got this phone a birthday gift from my wife. Wonderful phone. I am still exploring. Everything seems to be great - the touchscreen, games, internet browsing. I am particularly pleased with the pushmail feature since I could seamlessly switch over from my Nokia E series phone and receive and send emails. GPS, google maps work fine. Battery backup is good enough to last a whole day and night with internet always on to receive mails and GPS switched off. On the cons side, camera is useless. Overall a great value for money buy and a great brand like Samsung.
good one day before yesterday received it ........... after using htc it looks more convenient to chat or write comments ........... but battery backup is low ......... in 1 and half day its gone ................... touch is good ..... look wise not so stylish ............ but ok now I m loving it ...........
ICS works smoothly... everything is perfect... first buy the mobile and then write cons about the mobile... dont just write your assumptions... Pros: ICS, 2gb internal memory, 512mb RAM, Document viewer Cons: 2MP camera..
Well a very good phone, good responsive touch, good sound quality, display could have been better & 2MP for a camera is nt gd; shd have been atlst 3.2MP. Overall a very good phone fr sm1 intending HEAVY usage of chating/texting & calls, a bit of casual gaming
Excellent product and excellent delivery by flipkart in less than 48 hrs. I would recommend this product to all those who text a lot and also place time pass games. All those kinds of games work perfectly on this phone and the touch is also very smooth. Go for the white model as it looks really stylish. Go for it.
this is a awesome mobile.u can see low camera quality on screen,but when u transfer it to a PC, u see a good quality of photo..awesome mob,working al fine without any prob..value for money. i request flipkart to sale cases and covers for this mobile.
Samsung Galaxy Chat and it is an entry-level Android 4.0 device made for people who still favor physical keyboards over those pesky virtual ones. This is a device powered by a 850 MHz processor cons:Low resolution display
I thought 850mhz and 512mb ram would atleast load contacts and facebook in an instant but this mobile lags a lot. I regret going by reviews. It does not run games at all, forget temple run ever running on this mobi. Also rest all applications heavily lag. Worst phone ever. Please take it back flipkart. I would rather go on higher range phones than this. I just wanted to run whatsapp and facebook on this phone but this much lagging lost all my interest in this phone. Please take this phone back.
i disagree with Colin..the phone is very god to use, contains all essential features reqd, keeps u updated on social networks, sturdy, sleek, worth d price..more so because it has all features of a smart phone in a smart budget. If one has to use high end features, thats a different issues, but I have downloaded books also and read them on phone.. overall ..SATISFIED :)
Samsung Galaxy Ch@t B5330 phone is superb phone.... This phone is bestt for chatting, surfing, downloading, etcc... This phone contains Android v4.0.4 ICS.... and user can also upgradable to Jelly Beam so its very guud for user.... But Its camera is its disadvantage.... But its doesn't matter..... Its touch is very smoothllyyyy..... its brightness is very nicce...... and Its quarty keypad is also very guud.... user can easilyy type... Its supports many apps so its also one advantage...... According to other phones at this price.. This phone is BESTTTT.....
Best thing is the looks it appears more costly from the looks. Also it has latest android version which is not there in competitors like HTC explorer or Galaxy Y. Has QWERTY keypad which is best to use. But resolution is not great explorer has better. Camera is only 2 MP. Overall a nice android phone in this category for 8500 Rs.
In this mobile the only new is Ice cream Sand witch,otherwise this mobile is only crap.Processor is only 800mh and there is no Graphical memory.I would like to tell one thing to every one that never buy android less than 1 Ghz cpu.
Terribly slow. It ll take 10 - 20 sec search a contact. Worst while you need to make a call urgently.
No stellar specs on this device, but a last resort for lovers of phones with physical keyboards who can't or won't buy a BlackBerry. Have had it for 3 years now till the new Moto E2 came out this week. Still miss the keyboard on this one though. As long as you don't load it with heavy applications, it will handle all your IM/email/SMS clients decently. I have also noticed that the phone - for some reason - runs much more smoothly when disconnected from WiFi and mobile data connections.
poor quality... even considering the low price... unreliable... hangs for no reason... and switches off intermittently....
I purchased it 2 years back and hardly used it 2 months in past 2 years because it is slow. i don't have a word to explain how shitty this phone is.Totally waste of approx Rs 8500. I m crying......
nice product at nice price. Good for school going youngsters. good battery backup and nice product. nice product at nice price. Good for school going youngsters. good battery backup and nice product.
I must admit that I made a bad choice of choosing this phone. Thought it to be quite interesting when I saw an android phone with qwerty-touch keypad, and too at an overwhelmingly discounted price of Rs.4500. I have been owning it for the last 10 months, and from my experience of using this phone all these months, let me suggest everyone not to buy this phone. This phone belongs to the category of samsung phones which are just made to cheat people. Even though it got no interesting specifications, I was flattered and at the same time was longing to own a smartphone with qwerty-touch. If either of them was good, the phone would have been better.But both qwerty as well as touch will disappoint you after 3 months of use. Touch is good for nothing. Resolution is so poor.Even galaxy y got better resolution. Don't hope to use it for even medium sort of applications. It will support only whatsapp to the maximum.
Pros: Excellent Touch response. Good Sound Features. Cons Battery life sucks like anything Camera is ok Hangs very frequently
good phone with good prize no extra bad things in phone.value of money,this prize 5999 no any 3G phone in market.
I loved the touch and type of this phone. I dont know why the new andriod phones are not having qwerty keypad. Havnig the home screen touch button close to the top row caused inconvenience. Overall, I loved the phone. I'm still using it. I would like to buy it again if it is in stock for my family
Touch and type quality is very nice. Low Battery power thus require battery backup all the time. Sound quality as always of samsung superb.
I have been using this phone since April 2014 and I am not very happy about it. The phone system is very slow and gets hung in between. It is not very user friendly; it takes time for you to take a contact in the list or dial a number.
very smart.....quality is good....quickest delivery.....no problem yet......can try......looks descent...advise to buy it...asusual flipkart best deal....
A very nice fone.. very happy to use.. got in less price as compared to the market rates.. 8/10 from me
This is a good touch and type phone by sumsang. I am happy with the purchase made at a very good price. Al always the delivery by flipkart and the packaging of the product was prompt too.
Do not buy it.... Every thing in it is good... but u ll irritate by its slow working,,,, i hav updated it 2 time in 6 month... but still problem is same
This mobile is awesome for normal usage users and some for gaming too. You will get 2 GB internal memory. Upgradeable to android 4.2(Jelly Bean). UI is also smooth and lag free. But pixels of screen are not good as expected but nice. Sound output is also awesome with equilizer.
My sister is using this phone since past 8 months. If you are on a tight budget but still want Android + Qwerty Keypad phone from one of the leading brand like Samsung, then this one is the best. I find little issue in viewing angle of display but at this price it is justifiable. Overall good budget android phone with qwerty.
Its been a year since i have been using it and trust me it is a very good quality phone without any cheap tricks....it has all the feature a smart phone has but u need to install flash plaey and u may need to root the phone for a screen shot which would void warrent ,but its safe ALSo... THIS phone is Damn tough ...i threw it from mah hands many times but not even a single trouble of any hardwARE OR SOFTWARE PROBLEMS ....ALSO IT FELL INTO WATER BUT AFTER A DAAY ITS BACK TO THE JOB HAS GOOD CONECTIVITY 3G AND 2G ALSO IT HAS GOT WIIFI DIRECT WHICH MANY OF THE FONES DONOT HAVE TRUST ME ITS A VERY GOOD QUALITY RARE PHONE BY SAMSUNG ...ALSO YOU CAN UPGRADE TO JELLYBEAN 4.1.2 ... ULL SURELY NOT REGRET BUYING IT
I am using this phone since 7 months and i m finding this value for money..........its nice phone in this range.......it is nice touch and type phone.........but if u want to use android phone you should choose Full touchscreen samsung phone,the better option is samsung galaxy pro this time.....................Enjoy shopping with Flipkart the best online service provider.........fastest,smooth and safe delivery..........Thanks..........
I m using this for last 9 months. overall build quality is ok, no damage even after falling many times. only ve point is QWERTY keypad and price.
Product is worth to buy. Using from last 7 months, no issues till now. Delivery of the product took more than expected time, have to follow up with the courier company
The reason I bought this phone is because it has a keypad, one of the few android capable phones that has a keypad. It fullfills my basic need of whatsapping, facebooking and music. It does hang sometimes. The camera is pretty average and the battery will last for a whole day with moderate usage. For a basic android phone, I recommend it especially as it comes at a good price. Just remember, there is nothing fancy about this phone and it just has the basics.
We wish there were more qwerty Android phones like this one. This is a fantastic device. Yes, it is an older device. And yes, the screen is small and the keys are tiny. But, we love it. We love using a real keyboard as against the "virtual keyboards" on most current generation touch screens. If Samsung were to make Galaxy Chat 2, we may get in the queue to claim our device.
Best phone for those who used to chat frequently using WhatsApp or GTalk. Need to improve the primary Camera. Missing secondary camera.
Nice phone. quarty keypad is good, camera is poor. Battery last for a day. Display is not good .....................................................................................
Using since 9 months.Battery backup is awesome(turn off gps and other notification).no trouble still.i am a fan of querty but if cal receiving and ending key is not there.it is the only cons.
I am using this phone from last 8 months and quite satisfied with the overall performance. This phone is for those: 1) Who are not going to use more than 6-7 non-default applications. 2) Who loves typing on qwerty 3) Who have a regulated budget. And, this phone is not for those: 1) Who wants to play games over it. 2) Who wants to do extensive reading over it. 3) Who wants to do photography. And just like other Android phones, it also hangs and you have to restart atleast once in a week.
I am using this for the past 6 months. No lags till date no complaint currently running the Jelly Bean version. I bought for 5k and good buy for that price. Never buy this for 7k or more as its not the vise choice. Display is very bad , Querty is very good for extreme chaters. I recommend this phone only at 5k.
Phone is pretty good, supports most apps and is fine. Battery is fine if you reduce screen brightness and switch off wifi gps etc. Too many apps together slow down the phone however. A good low cost phone. QWERTY keypad is brilliant, can beat Blackberry Music is awesome too, crystal clear.
This is one of the best purchase I've ever made in flipkart. Flipkart offered an unbelievable price of 5700 while its MRP is 9 thousand something and its selling price is around 8000. Good phone with lot of cool features! Touch and type with qwerty keypad! It is like all in one handset! Economical and it is not less than any other samsung smart phone!
Much better than expected....Xcellent Performance from this little Android Wonder on all fronts.... Have put many software's as in my Note 1 but it keeps on working without giving any hiccups. Havent put any games though. Very Happy till date with the Phone & its features
Just ok Nothing great exept for the KEYPAD.Not so very good android device when compared to other mobiles bt Nokia E series lovers would like this in terms of design.(Note:Not any where near E series in terms of performance) Buy at your own risk ,i wont recommend.Buying a Samsung Product is like taking a lottery. You might win or loose.all based on your luck.
A nice phone but customer service isnt really nice. The phone conked off within a year of purchase and it was a harrowing task to get the phone fixed. Repeated visits to the service centres were required where the executives would always be clueless on the status. Samsung def. needs to do something about it.
this handset giving only 8to 10 hours battery backup with normal use .sony handsets more better then these range .
Its a good choice if you have low budget and if its your first Android. Pros: 1. Nice Design 2. Good battery backup Cons: 1. Hangs often 2. Display resolution not good.
i bought this phone from a local store 6 months back.i feel this is a superb phone. you will get this phone in around 7000 easily advantages- 1.great design specially the white one(which i use) 2.phone is a lot fast.till now i have not faced any lag. 3.it is now up-gradable to jelly bean 4.1.2 initially it comes with version 4.0.2 ice_cream sand-witch but i have already upgraded it to jelly bean.it has become more faster 4.user memory is 2 GB which really is a lot at this price. 5.even though the camera is just 2 MP captures decent pictures,much better than the Nokia ones. 6.touch is very smooth 7.the qwerty keypad is great.u wont face any problem in typing disadvantages- 1.camera could have been 3 MP 2.screen resolution could have been better ignoring these 2 disadvantages which will not be such a problem if your budget is around 7000,i will highly recommend you to buy this phone.
The battery back up is good. Gives 4-5 days backup when used in flight mode. Also has update to 4.1.2. Bought it on 25th June. Good delivery and packaging by Flipkart.
Very trendy in this range and the best in my opinion. Qwerty key pad is one of my most desired feature to buy this phone and so you will get good typing experience. I upgraded the OS to Jelly Bean 4.1.2. It has 512 MB RAM and that's why the overall performance is average. But in this range, it's OK.
I bought this as my dad prefers a phone which has both - a physical keyboard as well as a touchscreen. He moved from Palm to the Motorola Charm - unfortunately the Motorola Charm - although built like a little tank with Gorilla Glass - was quickly getting outdated with Android 2.1 - so I went ahead and ordered this for him as this was the only one with the touchscreen/physical keyboard combo. While it looks good enough - and I knew the camera was hopeless. I was surprised at how much Android lags on this. I understand it doesn't have a quad core processor - but I bet 486 chips perform better. People who want the touchscreen/keyboard combination definitely deserve a better choice.
Using this phone since past 6 months. If you are on a tight budget but still want Android + Qwerty Keypad phone from one of the leading brand like Samsung, then this one is the best. I find little issue in viewing angle of display but at this price it is justifiable. Overall good budget android phone with qwerty.
This phone hangs and hangs and hangs. U will feel like throwing oit away. Real head ache phone. Very very poor battery backup.
The phone is not awesome but its one of the best in this price range. Especially if you Are a person used to QWERTY keypad, this is one of the few options you have and probably the best at that. The camera is a 2MP and is decent for a 2MP. Touch is really smooth and effective. Colors are quite good as long as you are indoors. Sturdiness of the phone is something to be mentioned because I've dropped mine so many times, I don't even know the count. Once it even fell out of my shirt pocket while i was riding a bike and travelled 10m before stopping and I picked it up and switched it on and it worked. Battery back up again is decent. The processor is quite annoying but that's only if you want to run heavy apps. It would have been so much better if SAMSUNG released an Android 2.3 version of the phone or at least the software stepdown.The interface is very well modified to suit your convenience. So if your budget is below 10K and you want a really nice smartphone, don't even think, Go For The CHAT!!!!
really very bakwas Phone..in image its looking very nice but it is not.. disply clearity is very very very very very poor............hanging problems a lot..plz dnt waste money & time for dis bakwas ph. & company.........go for other companies except samsung & chineese products..plzz use indian products & increase the value of rupee..!!
Slim,simple to use,all functions work well,sound quality is best,network is also best,picture clearity is also...go for purchase.
This is obviously a low end Android phone. It would be pretty futile comparing this with an S3 or something of that sort. Hence all the points I am gonna make will be in comparison to phones in the similar price range. One more thing, I've been using basic models for the past six years and this is my first mobile with features worth talking about. 1.Firstly, the Camera is pretty average for a phone with that price range. But since I am not much of photographer type I looked past it. 2.The music player is decent and the sound quality is decent too. The speakers could have been a bit louder though. 3. Most games and other apps can be used without any hiccups. Only the really heavy ones crash, that too occasionally. The 850MHz processor is good enough for most apps. 4. The Internal memory of 2GB is unbelievable. 5. The head sets provided are pretty ordinary. 6. The low resolution might bother you a little in the beginning, but when you see how the apps run seamlessly on this, you'll forget about it. 7. I don't really know about how good ICS is compared to the previous versions, since I haven't used an android device before. But all I can say is its pretty comfortable and makes for a good experience. 8. The battery could have been better though. With moderate-heavy usage the battery can survive up to one day. 9. I have saved the best for the last. QWERTY keyboard. It's obviously this phone's best selling point. Once your fingers get used to it(which should take 2-3 days) it provides you brilliant typing experience. I will go on record saying that this phone is the best in the below 10K category of smart phones. If you like its looks and don't mind the camera, then there is really no reason for you to choose any other phone in the below 10K category.
Nice product by SAMSUNG with Qwerty keypad... it is awesome as i gift to my wife she likes it very much.. thanks Filpkart to get such product at very cheapest price.... and delivered the same before the time.. AJAY
Its been approx 9 mnths. I'm using this product. initially i found battery performance low but its better now.(Just try not to charge your phone before 20-30% of battery level. But when u'll get ur phone for 1st time do charge it to full before use for better performance and healhty battery life) Good for chatting. this is the one and only advantage. Browse swiftly over ur screen thru fingers and type faster than any non qwerty user. The keys i wish could have been a bit broader and comfortable. keys are a bit harder to press. also with so many social networks app like twitter, FB, Instagram, and 1-2 games the phone soemtime slows down. Camera quality is not that good but enuf for non-photoholics. Except for camera and stiff keys this phone has blended well with my requirement. A good budget phone.
good value for money phone one who are looking for touch n type go for it, provided you are not looking for good camera and good resolution display.
If you are looking forward for a good performance mobile, i think this is not enough. I've bought one, because i really need an android phone with QWERTY Keypad and this is the only one within my budget. Advantage: - 1. Android 4.1 upgradable. 2. Good QWERTY Keypad. 3. Good Software support. Disadvantage:- 1. Very slow. 2. Touch is not much sensitive.
Just a awesome phone with such a great functions.. speakers are great and camera give us the experience of 3.2 mp sensors are so good tht i can play temple run OZ flawlessly. hats off to my choice ............... ;)
I bought this phone in April from Flipkart. I am not a big fan of full-touchscreen mobiles as I feel they are too delicate for me. So I was searching for an android phone with a qwerty keypad.The phone satisfies most of my requirements splendidly. Pros: Android ICS and upgradable to JB.(depends on service provider) Lovely keyboard Touch is very smooth Able to run basic games like Angry Birds and Temple Run Cons: A bit slow while multitasking. Shiny back cover hence a fingerprint magnet. I found it difficult to find proper accessories for the phone. Overall, I am very satisfied with the phone. Looking forward to seeing more phones from Samsung in the touch and qwerty range!!
resolution poor processor horrible ram too less battery lasts for 12hrs which is pathetic for a phone having such low resolution phone lags soo much that you get bored of your own life.. justs a search in the contacts need atleast 20secs... I feel like I've wasted my 8.5 grands.... not at all to be recommended to ne1..
i bought this phone in the month of june the phone works smoothly and there is no hiccuph in running normal apps. it lags only when you play some graphic intensive games . other than that it runs smoothly
Its not a great phone. Hence the prices have crashed so much since launch!! 1) Battery doesn't last half a day on moderate charge 2) Bad screen resolution 3) Basic functions of phone / contacts / calling / SMS are a nightmare to operate.. too slow 4) Games are a doozy.... loading time is more than playing time 5) Capacitive touch keys are lousy. Stop functioning randomly, phone hangs continuously Pro: 1) Andriod phone in a Blackberry form factor.. easy to text It could have been a great phone.. but is configured poorly.... waste of a good idea.
Device Type : Touch And Type.....................................gud Colours - Black And White. Bluetooth - 3.0 Battery - 1200 mAh............................................gud backup Talk Time - Up to 850 minutes (2G)/Up to 320 minutes (3G) - Standby Time - Up to 580 minutes (2G)/Up to 390 minutes (3G) - Camera - 2 Megapixels Touch Screen - TFT, 256 K, 240 X 320 Pixels, 133 Pixels Per Inch.
every thing is ok only one disadvantage is single sim battrey back up is ok gprs is ok display is better and voice is also nice music is ok...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
Hi guys, this wonderful phone for people who doesnt want spend more money on mobiles,I bought this for 4700 rs, when flipkart had offers on mobile phone. touch is awesome..camera is good at day.internal 4GB in that 2GB OS & 2GB free.
Well I bought it from some other website as the color which i required was not available in flipkart and yeah i regretted for the decision as it took around 10 days for the delivery. Still i got the fresh sealed box at a price of rs. 4800. The specs are all fine as mentioned in the specification column. Coming to phone, The build quality is surprisingly great as one does not expect from Samsung.The form factor and the quality of the material used is very good in this price range.I am used to high performance phones and using android for last 3-4 years, So i felt the phone was damn boring and slow in multi tasking and bit laggy but in reality its not that bad. I lost my recent big budget phone and like any other normal indian guy i was waiting for some NRI friends or relatives to come visit me and in between i needed a phone to use. some interesting points i noticed is as below, 1) If the data is off, the battery runs for more than 2 days in a normal use scenario. 2) The call quality and reception is good. 3) Both the speakers are loud, the music playback quality is also OK. 4) Works very well with ICS and bit patchy with the Jelly. 5) Dont be so happy that you get 4 GB internal memory. Around 1.9 GB is used for OS and you cannot move the app to SD card. 6) The phone when kept on its back side, almost is in silent mode. 7) The screen resolution is so bad that sometimes you cannot see the app image clearly (may be iam exaggerating as iam not used to it). I am using it for a month and as if now am satisfied for the price i paid. My advice to people, is go for it if you are looking for a budget phone which is not so flamboyant . Also DO NOT EXPECT BUGATTI at a price tag of NANO.
Good product with good discount. But earphones in the box are white while the mobile is Black. Sometimes(Rarely) ear phones plugged in are not getting detected by the mobile , it works only after restarting the mobile. Other than that everything is fine.
I have bought this product somewhere around paid RS.5,000 When there is a Cahs back offer in Flipcart. It is very good and worth for the amount and all application are good You Can Play Temple Run and You Can use Google Sky Maps to Identity the Star Names in Sky
Got this phone at a discount. It is a good phone. Initially I did not like the screen at all and I tried to sell it. But eventually got used to it after I got an anti glare screen protector for it. The main problem I had with the screen was the viewing angles and the glare the screen produced. However, the phone was excellent value for money (I got it for around 4.7k) and I do not regret the purchase at all. Typing on it is ok for me once I got used to it; Wif, wifi tethering, bluetooth and everything works fine; games won't run properly but I was not expecting it to. Flipkart Service was excellent and received both phones relatively quickly considering my location.
Well I purchased this phone last month. Its cool with a nice color. Everything is okay in the phone. Good features and slim. The main cons is its slow nature. Sometimes its slow. 2nd is its video player, its doesn't supports more than 460p. Image quality is less with 2MP. If you do not play video or take pictures then the phone is 3.5/5.
Flipkart delivered this phone just after 1 day i placed the order. This phone should be the best choice in 5500 range if you wanna stick to big brand ..... Pro: Having 3G,Wi-fi Hotspot, good download speed Con: The phone is little slow, bad camera quality, moderate battery Rating: Phone: DESERVES 4 IN RS. 5500 RANGE WS Retail/ Flipkart : UNEQUIVOCALLY 5
What more could you ask for @5500 now-a-days.. not s3 i am sure... Its qwerty is handy. Touch feels pretty normal (as normal as it should, given that the processor is 850MHz. Compared to others in its range, its nothing less). Screen resolution is excellent for me.. i wasn't looking for HD for 5500.. not really... Camera, good enough for me.. It doen't stand a chance compared to Nikon or cannon Digicams, but its fairly good like any other touch phone in its range. Its more like a samsung galaxy y. Only quite longer and with a qwerty keypad, which kinda gives you the feeling of working on a bigger screen, cuz u dont have to deal with the on screen keyboard... Moreover the taller sturdy phone look gives you the feeling of holding 13k device.. Which is really good cuz i got it @5500 only.. If you don't really hate qwerty and still sure that you wanna buy samsung galaxy y @ 7k or above,, think 10 times before you go for it... Phone is promising... Just don't overload it with nuisance apps that you're probably never gonna use nor need. That would just slow it down.. I wouldn't recommend using Go launcher either, that is if you care about the basic functionalists more than the themed look... I installed it, used it for like 2 hours.. and uninstalled it.. saved my day.. It might keep asking for software update.. I didn't do it.. I had a hunch its better to keep it this way. In any case, life of any electronic gadget isn't more than 3 years, these days... And i dont mind using ICS for the next 3 years. Its cool enough for me. Out of the box, the phone looks great, just plain awesome.. I chose white.. I dont know how black would look.. but white is damn awesome. I got everything mentioned in the product description. Packing was great. Delivery was supposed to take 6-7 days.. But i got it in 4 days, tops.. Amazingly quick service by flipkart. Can't complain.
Positives: Great User Interface, Good response to touch, good sound quality, QWERTY, looks neat. The Touch is so good, you may never use the QWERTY. Cant expect anyting better at such a price. Havent found a single handset that can offer similar features. Negatives: Battery life is below par. Screen rsolution is average but you can live with it. What's surprising is that the company continues to reduce the price of he model.
Nice phone with all features ..I have purchased it 2 months back and till date it is working good.touchpad is also smooth.screen is little bit small but managable .Enjoy this device! It is a good phone and I feel happy that I selected good product. Flipkart delivered this product in Just 3 days, and the packing is excellent. It has the invoice inside the packet.. and I never seen a trust worthy Online Shopping site like Flipkart. I frequently uses Flipkart for my general needs and I am fully satisfied with its service Thanks to Flipkart.
i buy this phone from flipkart it is a budget phone i am using this phone from 1 month back it is working well and its features with compare to galaxy y and galaxy y duos Samsung Galaxy Chat B5330 Galaxy Galaxy y duos internal memory 2 gb 180 180 ram 512 312 312 android version 4.0 2.2 2.2
this is the phone what I wanted. I am basically into the Entry level android phones and I was looking for a better one. This phone fulfilled my needs. The basic android phone normally have a small screen and when you wanted to compose email or send an sms, it is really very difficult to type letters on small screen and most of the screen space will be occupied by the keyboard itself. But this phone removes those factors, and as it is a physical keyboard, you can type very fast and at the same time you can get a good editor space to type your message on. As said, this entry level phone comes up with 512 MB ram, which is very nice. There is no hanging problem, and UI is very fast in the factory settings itself. More over the very best, you can upgrade over the air, or thru Samsung Kies which is additional advantage. So it is bundled with all the needs what you wanted with the very minimal price. But the concern is a display resolution. This supports only 252 K colours, on which you will see the screen is pixelated. Yes, though the Images, and Videos can be seen without pixels, but a normal UI seems to be very much pixelated. But we can not blame Samsung for this, as the only Key factor they have with them limiting the hardware functionalities so they can soon release a new model. That is why we do not see any difference in Samsung Models, but only slight changes on their different Models. Overall I am really satisfied with this product and this is my first ever online purchase for the Mobile, and I feel happy that I selected good product. Flipkart delivered this product in Just two days, and the packing is excellent. It has all the invoices inside the back.. and I never seen a trust worthy Online Shopping Mall like Flipkart. I am almost buy each moth from Flipkart with my need on which I do not find it cheap on local shops and the Quality what I wanted. Flipkart fits to me all ways. Thanks to Flipkart.
It is just an okay product, but you can't expect much from a less than 5 thousand phone. 2 MP camera is OK. Screen resolution is not good, pictures look blurred. Battery back up also not good, 2 days max with a decent use.
I purchased Samsung Galaxy B5330 its a very nice Phone,well i am searching for it since a long time and the price offered by Flipkart is very very good for me and according to my budget . the seller also responded on time for dispatching the product.the offered price for this phone in which i purchased it is Rs.5299
I get this handset B5330 after satisfying with galaxy Y. Both are best valued handset. Here I consider to buy B5330, support of latest 4.0.1 ICS and physical QWERTY keyboard which changes my mind to get this. Both have nearly same hardware and same 3'' inch display support here I get 4GB ROM (1.9 Gb for user only) more than Galaxy Y. The call quality and signal reception is good to listen in ear and Mic deliver smoothly convey voice to next person. QWERTY is very good design for fast typing and chat function key is easy to chat in FB, Gtalk etc. The Battery perform for a day usage (normal). The google play store restrict not to install and play heavy RAM consumed games and applications so be always choosy for low RAM game and applications. The phone hardware is good 850 Mhz processor, 512 MB RAM, 4Gb ROM and 3 inch display for everyday usage. 2Mp camera and video recording is average quality for cheap mobile (Rs 5000 to 5200 only). The HD (720p) video playback is mostly freezes the screen but mobile is for chat, business and text purpose so this is not a big issue. The document reader is already pre-installed so you can read, edit and type all MS word formats. So if your budget is too tight you consider this one for Premium look, business feature, chat function, android ICS platform, good one day usage and 12 hours talk time. It is a better deal if you compare to Galaxy Y at same price cost (Rs 150 to 200 price difference). I gave 8.0/10 points to this B5330. Thanks ...
I was bought this product from flipkart. As concern for delivery, it was excellent service from flipkart. when I was placed order, next day it was delivered to me. As product concerns, Samsung Galaxy chat B5330 is good looking,decent, good featured mobile in low price. But it has one disadvantage which ignored all its features that is low processing. When we require urgent calling then it takes lot of time to open contact menu. Touch is good but backward key is not proper working while we need.I think 800mhz processor is enough but it has not proper processing speed according to its processor.
I had ordered mobile Galaxy chat through Flipkart. got it in time and the product was intact. good service and delivery. online marketing is user friendly and easy. Flipkart was veryeasy and Fast. rates diplayed were reasonable and lower than the market rate. I liked it. hope to do more shoping through Flipkart.
I have bought it for my son (13 years). It is an excellent phone, with no major issues at all. Only that the battery rating could have been more for a better standby (it is giving a standby of 1 1/2 days with moderate usage of 3G, hotspot and motion games). However, it will not be a problem if you are not a heavy user of power hungry usages like 3G, wifi, hotspot and sensor driven games.
I MAINLY PURCHASED THIS PHONE TO DO MODERATE BROWSING AND TO USE WHATS'APP MESSENGER. FOR ME EVERYTHING WORKS JUST FINE .I INSTALLED TEMPLE RUN 1 AND IT PLAYS SMOOTHLY NO ISSUES AT ALL , DOES NOT SUPPORT 3D GAMES. INTERNET IS A BREEZE TO USE. CONNECTIVITY SPEEDS ARE GOOD EVEN IN 2G(NETWORK DEPENDENT). BATTERY BACKUP IS OK FOR AN ANDROID PHONE, LASTS FOR ONE FULL DAY WITH MODERATE USAGE. FOR MAXIMIZING BATTERY BACKUP, SET THE BRIGHTNESS OF THE SCREEN TO A MINIMUM LEVEL&ALSO DISABLE THE APPS THAT ARE NOT USED FREQUENTLY. FOR ME THIS WORKED WELL. AS FAR AS THE PHONE IS CONCERNED I AM QUITE HAPPY WITH THE PURCHASE. ONLY DISAPPOINT IS THAT NO FLIP COVERS ARE AVAILABLE IN THE MARKET PRESENTLY FOR THIS PHONE. FLIPKART'S DELIVERY WAS VERY GOOD AS USUAL. THANK YOU FLIPKART. LOOKING FORWARD FOR MORE DEALS
This is a good phone. I have been using this for last one month. For 6000bucks, it is featuriffic. Qwerty keypad is a big advantage. I get an average battery life of 12 hours for normal usage. If i keep browsing, maybe a couple of hours. So I keep a backup phone when i travel. And while typing the letters R,T,Y or U, your finger may touch the home key and then google search loads and Phone gets stuck for about 5-10 seconds. This is annoying when you are on a serious conversation. (Happens for me atleast 10 times a day). I made a mistake by upgrading to jelly bean as soon as i got the phone. I was not aware that the upgrade offered was an Android upgrade (im new to android). Contacts take much time to load, and phones gets stuck sometimes and keypad lights stop lighting for sometime. Once in 2 days i have to restart phone as it gets slow. Anyways, for the amount i paid, and considering so many advantages that other ppl have mentioned, go for it if these slight inconveniences doesnt bother you.
Why to Buy: This phone is a good option for touch and type users. Its battery life is good, comes with Android 4.0 version and is upgradeable to latest Android 4.1 Jelly Bean. Why to Avoid: Its 2 megapixels camera is poor. Its RAM is less that delays in multitasking and swapping applications. I prefer this smart phone to all students within a price range of
this is the exact mobile i have been looking for a long time .. and finally it comes to me.. way better typing fits perfectly in the hand... and woth the money and best of all its android.. may be not jeellybean but ics is perfect.. really happy with the phone.. like the screen touch.. even tho its a discontinued peice .. grab them before it stops completely,, a must buyy for all qwerty lovers
As everybody tells it does have some defects viz.,poor camera,not a decent batery back-up,slightly heats-up while using Wi-Fi and charging,compact keypad and low screen resolution. But simply saying it does meets my requirements with good wifi reception,nice sound output,decent audio and video players,keypad provides an edge while surfing and social networking,JB update etc., Thanks to flipkart for providing at such low price along with 8 gb mem card....really worth for the price I've paid for.... Bottom line:-Simply Superb!!!
Camera : Usable Speakers : Brilliant Battery : fine but can be made good by using proper apps. Speed : fine given the price Display: Good overall, a low cost android with 3G support. cannot handle memory consuming tasks effectively.However, a touch and type phone is always a go from me.
cant get a better deal for this awesome phone, and flipkart is 1 of the best e-shopping website. more than happy after buying this excellent phone @ such affordable price.if you are thinking of buying this phone,in my opinion go for it. Thank you flipkart.. :)
This is a very good android (4.1.2) mobile with 512 MB RAM and a good keypad. It does not lag and has good touch response too. Don't hesitate to buy it as you will not get this android version in many other costly phones.
First of all thanks to "Flipkart" n "Ekart" for fast delivery... Product is excellent with such a low price........ Worth every penny......I brought it for 4769 im impressed with this phone .... The cons i saw are Camera ,Screen resolution, Battery drains quickly Rest of all Every thing is good........Go for it
Hi, I am an old fashioned phone user and I like the physical keyboard more than an on screen keyboard, hence I have always preferred qwerty android phones. I have previously used the HTC Chacha and the Motorola Fire. However with the 10%off on this phone (total cost 4700) this was a deal not to be missed. I got the phone 3 days ago and here is my review based my usage. Please note that I do not judge phones based on specs and certainly not in this price range - Pros: 1)Very nice Qwerty keyboard, easy to use 2) upgradeable to android - 4.1.2, which is awesome 3) 2GB internal memory and expandable as well. That was a major problem with Chacha and Fire. I can download a host of apps now without worrying about anything. 4) Screen size is decent and the RAM is good too 512MB. Although the resolution is a bit low but I think it is not a deal breaker 5) The sound quality is good and the earphone are pretty good as well 6) The battery is pretty decent though not exceptional 7) I can play both Temple Run 2 and Temple Run on it, which is awesome. 8) Excellent wifi reception Cons: 1) The camera is at best passable, but I am not much of a photographer anyways. 2) Screen resolution maybe, but it is still better than my previous Fire. I would say at this price it is a steal, not to be missed by people looking for qwerty or low range androids. And a special thank you to Flipkart for providing delivery one day before they promised. Cheers
its a good phone on that price (4769) . you can get jelly bean and qwerty with touch. and 3 inch display but i don,t know how to up and down on price. If you want an Android 4.1 then you buy it now and if you want more advance feature on your phone then you buy samsung S4 ok and enjoy...
First of all thanks to Flipkart for ultra fast delivery (I got it within 16 Hours). Product is excellent. I updated the phone from Android ICS to Jelly Bean very easily and the phone is much more exciting now. I have not played any games yet or run any application but still can tell you this is the best phone available in the market at such a good price. Disadvantages :- Battery charges and drains very soon, No front camera.
I bought this phone for 5299. Everything works smooth without any lags. Display quality is low same as of other samsung lower end phones like galaxy y, galaxy star, music duos. Qwerty is good enough for me as i was used to type in qwerty phones. For big hands definitely takes time to cop with it. Touch is very good and smooth. Phone is very handy. Battery is just ok. Name Android implies Single day battery. So its not a big issue. Camera is basic with some typical modes(Sepia.negative) etc... The Touch WIZ UI very good, Pros: 1.Smooth Operation. 2.Good Sound Quality ( Headset are normal and dont expect more) 3.Videos are playing smooth 4.Upgradable to Jellybean 5.Qwerty keypad (only for extreme chatters) Cons 1. Screen ( Its same as other lower phones) MRP is around 8400 and flipkart price is 5299. Other sites are selling for 7k. For 5299 this is a wonder phone. Comparing to galaxy star, y this phone is really above. Installed temple run 1&2 and runs very smooth. 4GB inbuilt memory is enough for normal applications. I recommend this phone for normal users.
This phone is packed with all the features that you get in the phones with the price range of 10000/- plus an advantage of QWERTY keypad for those who have a clean hand in typing with the keypad. The phone works fine with ICS. (haven't tried JB update till now) Battery is a little worrying factor but that also drains fast if you keep on fiddling with the phone all the time else it gives you a good backup. I was a bit disheartened with the screen resolution at the time of buying it but I promise that it will not give you a letdown considering its price. Overall a complete feature packed phone and would recommend it to those who are looking for an android in the range of 5-6k.
The feature rich mobile......I have purchased 2 mobiles.....However not good for gaming and the keypad should have been a little specious. Battery backup is OK little hungry on GPRS/3G. but if gaming is not an issue its worth buying.......and the best thing delivered fastest within 3 days as always.....FlipKart has the best delivery service all over india even in class C and D cities.....
I am satisfied with phone I purchased. I think I got the phone for good rate...don't find such less price in anywhere other than flipkart. U rock!! Over all happy with price, features and response. I hope the service continues like this forever...
I am personally not happy with this phone which i bought just before from flip kart. . Not because of flipkart but keyboard is very difficult to use with plastic keys. Camera is waste. Viewing angle of this phone gives me headace. Rest all good . But qwerty keyboard does not do well what it suppose to do. Asha 302 phone is good for nothing but its a pleasure to use its keyboard. I am personally baught for qwerty but I am sad with my purchase. Planning to sell immediately. Thanks flipkart for your services and they provided me this phone for very cheap.
it requires charging twice a day which is not possible in working hours. poor battery support. if you charge the mobile in the morning, with the moderate use, the battery will be around 20-30% by evening 6pm.
Excellent service, Excellent product and Timely delivery as promised. I have placed order for Samsung Galaxy Chat B5330 on 10-06-2013. Got the product on 13-06-2013 as promised through the website. I recommend Flipkart to everyone. Regarding the Product : SS Chat B 5330, The price was around 9000 when I searched the product but it immediately slashed to 5299. Very good buy for someone wants an Android phone with ICS, decent looks and better memory backup. Connectivity features are also good. Battery backup, Camera and Processor are only basic. But there is no any other phone (branded like Samsung) comes under this price tag.
Worth Every penny. The best android phone you could get when your budget is less than 10k. Flipkart gives you a good deal which you don't get at stores normally. I got the product within 48hrs after booking it. Qwerty is so easy to handle though the keys look small when seen in the picture. Its fast. Good Wi-Fi reception. Quite handy that it can slide in your pocket just like that.. I would recommend this product if camera is not your concern b'coz the camera quality is not that great.. Rest.. ITS CLASS 9/10
First of all, I should thank Flipkart.com, for providing such a fast & reliable service, at such an attractive price+freebie ! I would say, Samsung Galaxy Chat B5330 is simply a wonderful stuff for an individual.Especially the look and feel of the White colored one is simply superb! Next, since the touch is Capacitive, so it is very much easier to navigate things. QWERTY keypad is the next added advantage. Phone works fine, without being hanged up. I have installed some apps from Google Play Store, which are a necessity (Opera Mini, Adobe Reader, Facebook etc). All are working fine, without any problem. I have also installed Temple Run 2 to test the performance of the phone, but I was shocked to see that, the phone is performing well too, while playing this Game. So, I will recommend this phone to my friends. This will be a Worth buying. Thanks to Flipkart.com once again, for providing this stuff at such an attractive price.
I did purchase the phone when it cost Rs. 8000. Nice phone, good to look at, keypad is soft and touch is smooth. Please go through the whereabouts of the phone, Pros: 1. Good Look and Hardy 2. Touch is smooth 3. Soft keypad and spacious enough to type. 4. Internal Memory (1.6 GB available). 5. Upgraded to Android Jelly Beans 4.1.2, which is an added advantage. 6. Good for sending email, document viewing and official purpose. 7. Superb battery back-up which is generally not found in android phones. Cons: 1. Camera sucks. 2. Screen resolution is not good. 3. RAM is average - processing is not that great. 4. Sometimes hang..may be due to the upgraded android. I donot play games often and the games are like chess and other soft resolution games which work fine here. Not good for high resolution games for sure. I read plenty of ebooks via FB reader (for epubs) and Ebooka PDF for pdf books and I then find myself dragged towards the Tablet as the screen size is large which can give u comfort for reading out small fonts. Over all the phone is very good for a daily and rough use. At this price range, you are getting jelly beans and wi-fi of hifi class. I think if you are looking for a budget smart phone, please donot look elsewhere, just pick it up blindfolded.
I am using this phone for last 7 months and I should tell you its awesome in every means. It was delivered to me in couple of days and what was good is that it was on time delivery. I always wanted a phone with Qwerty keypads and when I saw this phone with both touch as well as key pad I could not wait for any thing. Lets discuss impeccable features at this price range. Battery - This is one of the features I always look forward as I need to talk through out the day. It is good but having said that if you use internet it will certainly exhaust in 1.5 hours. Sound - It can be compared to any good music phone in the market Looks - Its beautiful Speed - I dont see any problem with the speed and to be very honest it is not bad at all Camera - Camera is better than 2 MP. To summarize this is a great phone at this price range especially if you desire good combination of touch screen, querty key pads, soothing music and good camera. .......infact I have two of this phone now.
very good phone with such a low price.i like this phone for its app support, battery backup and super clear sound.but the camera in this phone is very bad.it has no GPU and low ppi hence its very difficult to read small characters during low light.
Its a nice handy smart phone for the people with less budget. I was worried about the performance when ordered but now I am happy with its performance. Don't expect much about camera and even display. Not bad but also not very good. Thanks for Flipkart for delivering soon..
Its a great phone to use. i used this phone for almost 7 months. I bought this phone on the very next day when it was launched here in Bangalore. But unfortunately i lost it few days back. Its simply a superb phone to buy. Now a days people are very much keen in buying phones they have a lot of options available in the market but believe me in this price range and range above this it is the best one among all the brands. But only one thing which i felt is this phone was a bit slow. Sometimes its too frustrating when it gets slow. Rest of the fetaures are simply superb. I liked every thing in this phone... If you are planing to buy a phone of this range or a bit higher range also just go for it...... Trust me you will never regret....
I recently purchased this phone for my dad who was phobic of touch screen phones. this phone offered great horizons for my dad to explore the touch and type feel of the phone. it was naturally very easy for him to grasp as the phone also has a typing keypad. the features of the phone are great for a person who is not well acquainted to touch phones. Overall i am very satisfied with the product and so is my dad. thanks flipkart for providing quick delivery and the best price for this gem of a smart phone.
Good (Capacitive) & Big (3 inch) Touchscreen, Internal Memory 2GB not 4GB (but good enough), Not many apps pre-downloaded and not many available on samsung apps. But overall paisawasool for touchcreen & QWERTY phone which costs some 8k on other sites.
It's cool, can ask it as a perfect smart phone. but screen resolution is not good, camera is not good. sound quality is perfect without headset or with headset. some times it's works slow, samsung can work on processor, screen resolution and camera as per price it is reasonable. one can try it.
Samsung ni site par 8199rs chhe. to flipkart par 5999rs par kevi rite male. give me a reason... on samsung site.... Home Mobiles Galaxy Ch@t [GT-B5330ZKA] Galaxy Ch@t GT-B5330 7.62cm Full Touch + QWERTY Huge memory capacity (4GB Storage & 512 RAM) Rich social and multimedia apps with dedicated ChatOn key Take picutre with 2 MP Camera & share on SNS 3.5 mm earjack , FM radio View compitable products Color In Stock Rs.8199
Overall an OK phone for the price. However, internal memory is 2GB only not 4GB. (Flipkart shud ascertain the facts before writing the spec). Battery life very less and headset is pathetic. Flipkart delivery - Right on time
Most important thing I need to mention here is that, I got an update for the OS, now I am using latest jelly bean on this phone. I have buyed this phone 8 months back and I am quite satisfied by this phone. It is working great. The important features are already discussed in most of the reviews. Super Qwerty keypad is the most important feature of this phone. Good phone in good price!!!
I bought this phone last Dussera at a price of Rs 8,500. Now the price has been cut to only Rs 5,999. Great price. Having used this phone for over 6 months, I would say that it is simply great value. It has all the features of a more expensive phone. Screen brightness during daytime is poor. The camera is a great let down for the phone. There is no flash. I had a Nokia phone with a similar 2MP camera with flash which was much better. Other features like FM radio, Wifi, Internet, portable hotspot, USB charging etc work very well. Touchscreen is very good. So is the keyboard. Speakers are also good for playing music. You can download lots of apps from the Google Playstore which is pre-installed. Push mail works very well and I find it very useful as a business phone which I can tuck away in my pocket. You can read pdf attachment files since adobe reader is pre-installed. I am not a great gamer, so I cannot comment on it, but games like angry bird work well. You can download Flyte and read e books or watch a movie. Of course, you will need to install additional memory card. Battery lasts for over a day with mobile data switched on. Charging is very fast. You can just clip it on a charger or USB for one hour and the phone is more than half charged. If mobile data is kept off, the battery lasts for more than 2 days with reasonable voice talk. Overall- a great robust phone, a silent winner and real value for money.
this is not a good choice. The keypad is not upto the expectation. camera quality is very very low. only very low quality vedio is supported. not good for gaming. the os stuck every time u play game an exit or hang. no special in ics os. some game like HIGHWAY RIDER do not support in this set due to resolution miss match. net speed is very low. SO PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.. GO FOR GALAXY Y
This phone is amazing really responsive but here there some lags due to prolong usage but other than good phone for bang on the buck. Small, light and easy to use. And the color for the black is actually is like midnight blue so beware.
NICE AND EXCELLENT PIECE.IT IS WONDERFUL MY COLLEGE FRIENDS TOO LIKED IT.GIVES EXCELLENT FEATURES WITH ALL APPLICATIONS YOU WANT.I THINK WITH THIS PIECE WE CAN TYPE FASTER THAN OF A WHOLLY TOUCH SCREEN MOBILE.
I needed a phone with a qwerty pad, as I have to use the internet very often. This phone came with touch and qwerty key pad both, making things at ease. Before this, I was using a java based phone, and that too served my purpose. But, the features of this phone certainly brought to my expression "wow!" With this "small and power packed" device, the world is certainly at your fingertips!
I bought this mobile before 10days and its very nice with all features. I installed most of the s/w still the process is good and no hanging. Good in streaming videos online. Hence I give 5***** for this.....
I bought this one for my dad who isn't very tech savvy but wanted to introduce him to touch screen phones. He feels its a welcome change from that of BlackBerry. The UI is great and Ice Cream Sandwich works well. The hardward looks sturdy too and excellent keypad placement. Screen resolution could have been better but again at this price it still is a steal. 4 Stars ONLY because of the money value!
I recently buyd this galaxy chat aftr seeing so many user reveiws...and Iam extremly happy of flipkart team which delivered it in one day :) Well the cell is gud with 2mp camera and 2 gb intrnal memory which Iwantd....fast processer ..Isay it gives more then its price...
U cant have any game its very very slow and within 5-6 months the phn is nt charging properly. not worth it
Pros: Email, pushmail, Qwerty with touch 512 mb ram and 800 mhz processor is quite/moderate impressive Cons: Resolution is not good, not so much clarity. Battery backup is less than one day on 2G. But phone is overall good in Rs. 7.5K
I Bought this phone 2 weeks ago and i m completely satisfied about my choice. this is best mobile out there under Rs. 8000/-. I already installed more than 25 apps in it and still it doesn't lag. it is also upgradable to Jelly Bean 4.1 in near future. no other mobile in this price range offers jelly bean update. Qwerty is also huge plus.........total worth of your hard earned money........
This phone is extremely disappointing. Absolutely not worth it.I got this product 2 months back and I got the phone replaced by Flipkart again because I had only issues with it. Even after the replacement the phone continues to have the same problems. The phone restarts by itself every now and then. People cant reach me even when it shows full coverage. Applications like watsapp and facebook messenger stop working all of a sudden even when internet connection is fine. I would not recommend this product to anyone. Totally disappointing experience !!
Pros: Responsive Qwerty Keypad Ice Cream Sandwich Android Version Samsung's Support and Durability Touch is smooth Call quality is crystal clear Premium phone looks and build quality Cons: Low resolution screen Not designed for gaming,heavy graphics game don't work Battery life is just OK Audio output even through good quality headphones is just average
excellent ph to buy in this price range that includes android ics. i brought this cellphone in january'13. querty keypad is amazingly good. battery is also obviously not good in smartphones. so it's not the problem only with this cell. stylish look and excellent curve finish at edge. overall my experienced rating is 3 star...
very bad resolution (especially not good for reading and stuff) not very good touch screen (its slow at times) bad camera (2MP .. buts much worse than a 2MP you might have known from Nokia earlier) except for these demerits its a good package at the cost.
Realy to good phone. touch n type both is good. i like very much function is very easy for day use. I got only in Rs.7490 with 8GB Memory card. Thanks Flipkart
I must say this is a great product in this price range. I was looking for a qwerty keypad phone but with touch hard buttons not touch screen. I use phone extensively for e-mails and messaging. I had two options 1) Blackberry or 2)Android. I love android platform and this phone provides the latest version of android which was a plus. Earlier I used touch screen phones but was not very satisfied with the touch quality in this range phones. I have used this phone for 4 months now and m really happy with this phone's performance.
Thanks for samsung for a nice phone with awesome features below 8k.... I have been using it from last 2 weeks and no issue with it.. really it's nice.. But the only thing is the camera is not so good .. i think it can be made better...!
Phone is ok not too good as the screen touch is not that good. Bit slow. Display pixels are low. FB is not working smoothly on this phone as it getting slow after installing fb. Keypad is cool, sound and battery is as par expectation, Good sound quality. Overall average phone but currently no options available other than this phone who have touch with keypad. lol. I already purchased mobiles from FlipCart and totally satisfied from it as price are best price and delivery time is tooo quick. Now FlipCart is trusted brand :)
Great Phone at this price tag...... Samsung Galaxy Ch@t B5330 phone is superb phone.... This phone is bestt for chatting, surfing, downloading, etc... I loved this phone & this is my 2nd purchase of this Samsung model to gift...
I wanted a phone within the limit of 7-8K, with QWERTY keypad+touch, so this phone seemed to be a good option. I bought from Flipkart, along with 8GB memory card. However once i insert memomry card, laptop doesn't recognize any memory (card/phone). So definitely something which needs to be fixed. I saw a review talking about same problem, but choose to ignore that as I pressumed it woudl eb a one-off case. camera is 2MP. so okay. touch is usually good (though at times not very responsive). Voice is okay
This phone is the best value for money in the under 10k category because of the following and huge upgrade over its predecessor - Samsung Galaxy Y. It is better than Blackberry Curve as well. 1)Awesome Software: Android ICS (upgradable to jelly bean) which is one of the best mobile operating system at the moment 2)Good Hardware: Best is its 2GB+ internal memory. Now no worries about overshooting the limit on apps that can be installed on phone. I LOVE THE KEYPAD 3)Almost all other features that you want in a smartphone 4) Most of its competitors lack in one or the other of the above People who may not like this phone are those who 1)Buy a phone so that they can take beautiful pictures and take HD videos 2)Make Video calls via mobile phone 3)Watch HD Movies on a mobile phones (Why? I don't know) 4)Play Games on mobile phones 5)Just find it cheap and embarrassing to buy a phone that comes for less than 10k I am a happy owner of this phone. I love Samsung Galaxy S2 and the new Droid Razr and Ice Cream Sandwich, but I don't need to spend 30-40k on a phone which I will be using 99% of the time just for making calls, setting alarm, browsing internet occasionally, checking emails, using some social networking sites and Skype. Galaxy Chat does all that for me.
This is a good phone. The price is cheap for an Android ICS phone. The white coloured device looks very stylish. The internal memory is sufficient for most part. The sound quality through head phones is awesome (I use a philips earphone instead of the stock earphones by samsung) And finally the feature that has really got me all worked up is the wonderful qwerty keypad. the keys are small but somehow it works well. very few errors while typing. Writing blogs/tweet/whatnots are simpler on this device. Chatting on Instant messengers are a breeze with this keypad (atleast for me..) I did try a few games on the device. Temple run (flawless), Angry Birds and Bad Piggies (hmmm... flawless for the most part but I did notice minor lags running both these games for about half an hour or maybe it's just my eyes acting out due to the strain :D ), and a few tower defense games like empire defense 2 and nexus defense (both ran smooth). Most of the really awesome titles (Eternity Warriors 2 or Samurai II: Vengeance etc..) won't run on this phone simply because the hardware does not support it (lack of a GPU). It's been three days that I have been operating this phone and frankly the I don't mind the low resolution display. I found that even under the bright afternoon sun, the display is legible (on maximum brightness of course) and that is enough for me. This is also the case with games.. you hardly would notice. But I guess watching videos would be not that great on this phone.. The battery life is ok for a smart phone of this price range I guess. gets through one day with moderate-heavy screen usage and data usage. I'm not a camera person so I rarely notice the 2MP snapper on the back of the phone. But the quality of shots are average (as expected.) charging the phone is a pain and it seems to take a lot of time to be fully charged (from about 8-10% charge to 100% charge). If you have read all this and you are still wondering if buying this phone is worth your time and money... I would say go for it. If you want a decent looking budget android.. this is it. I rate is 5 starts because I just bought this phone and I love it.
Order placed on: 23Oct'12, 1:29 PM Received it on: 25Oct'12, 2:50 PM Item: Samsung Galaxy Chat B5330 Color: White Net Contents: 1 Main Set, 1 Battery, 1 Travel Adaptor, 1 Stereo Headset, 1 Data cable Order ID: OD21023131602 --> But the "8GB SanDisk Mobile microSD FLASH MEMORY Card" received along stopped working in Jan'2013 itself. Being an item received as FREE, dont know what to do. Its totally useless now. Thanks!!
Device Type : Touch And Type Colours - Black And White. The Samsung India Website also had a pink colour. Bluetooth - 3.0 Battery - 1200 mAh Talk Time - Up to 850 minutes (2G)/Up to 320 minutes (3G) - Company figures. Standby Time - Up to 580 minutes (2G)/Up to 390 minutes (3G) - Company figures. Processor - 850 MHz Camera - 2 Megapixels Touch Screen - TFT, 256 K, 240 X 320 Pixels, 133 Pixels Per Inch.
I've bought this from flipkart before 2 weeks...I've searched all the online stores for a better one under 8K.... At last I found this one with pretty decent RAM (512 MB) & a processor with 850Mhz....Its quiet nice with ICS and now you can upgrade this into Jelly bean...The update from samsung releases soon.... I've tested the phone for 2 weeks from the day I bought... The available Rom is around 2 GB (1.95 GB) & Ram is 445 Mb.... I've installed around 72 apps from google play with games temple run,angry birds(all versions),fruit ninja and most leading games in google play market.... due to the lack of a GPU, this lags some time and I need to restart or clean Ram... the camera is not bad, but this lacks autofocus... the main attraction for me is the qwerty physical keypad.... no other samsung device has it.....(since samsung galaxy pro is unavailable) Here the quick review.... Pros: 1. "qwerty" physical keyboard (Only one samsung product available now) 2. Ice cream sandwich (4.0) on under Rs 8000 (Can upgrade to jelly bean) 3. 512 Mb Ram (445 available) 4. 850 mhz Processor(Gets good perfomance) 5. Accelerometer,Digital Compass, Geo-magnetic Sensor & Proximity Sensor (most other brands lacks this one...!!!) 6. 4 Gb Rom (Availabe only 1.95 Gb, that can install almost all necessary apps) Cons: 1. No GPU 2. No Autofocus Camera 3. No Front Camera (Ww have to compromise for Rs under 8000) 4. No Great Speaker(Can't hear ring on busy roads) 5. Low Resolution Screen (320x240) 6. Lags while playiing HD & Full HD videos using Mx player 7. Lags while playiing HD & Full HD games like GTA III Overall I like this product & if u want more go for Samsung galaxy s duos for Rs 14000...!!!
I have been using this phone for 3 months and this is a really great phone for very useful purposes such as sending & checking mail,search and download any kind of info from internet very easily in a blink,gaming is perfect(not for hardcore gamers,though it runs almost every game)online gaming is good,downloading from torrent is easy,gps works smoothly and let me tell u,being a traveller myself, it helped me a lot in finding remote places even when there is no mobile network(using A-gps)...now discussing the negative sides...as all other android phones it also drains battery fast but it depends totally upon the uses and proper closing of each applications(optional-u can buy a cheap battery power pack for recharging via usb),being a photographer myself i cannot tolerate its 2 MP photo quality,but for regular users who post photo on fb and other social media, it is satisfactory....think u are buying a branded phone with icecream android4.0 with so many facilities...to me the value for money of this product is beyond expectation...
Samsung Galaxy Chat good phone for me. fast application loading, some time contact open slow but it is okay.. in specification internal memory 4gp , but in this phone got only 2gb..where another 2gb, i don't know. otherwise phone will be good.............
Recently purchased and Flipkart delivery was truly fast with convenience of payment against delivery.Packing was satisfactory. Product is truly amazing and gives value for money with all latest features for total communication convenience. Product styling is excellent with smart appearance, tremendous finishing and looks. For its price, this phone is highly recommended. Android OS is smooth with great applications,together with Samsung's applications. Would strongly recommend this product for Chat, Mails, Surfing and music applications with a buy choice from Flipkart. Ramesh Goradia
Nice phone with a good price tag Good phones with physical keypads have become rare and this is one phone which I would love to have. I don't like typing on a glass screen. There is no mention of a GPU here but since I don't play games, this does not matter to me. This would be able to run casual games like paper toss, amazing alex, cut the rope etc. and this is all I would play on a phone. All I want is good processing power and smooth operation within my budget. This handset has it all. The best thing is ICS which is important today because of the apps. Overall a very good phone and I recommend it. I'll buy it on diwali.I'll rate it 4 because of the absence of a GPU. For those who want to play HD games etc, you should look for a phone in a higher price bracket.
It's a very good with affordable handset. I have purchased for my wife. She want a mobile with touch and type facility. Prons - Touch response In built storage capacity (at less than Rs. 8000/-) Latest Android Cons It should be with atleast 3.2 mp camera with flash with increase of price by Rs. 1000/-.
A good phone in this price range.. can be used just to initiate android using but after some time it appears to be slow.. but with less app and limited usage its quite very good. one thing which disappointed me is that the mic of headphone and also the button given on headphone stop working perhaps after any upgrade (in this case you have to speak in phone's mic, don't know why it is not sending Voice through headphone's mic if it is plugged-in). its surely a firmware issue as after resetting phone to factory setting it starts working properly but whenever i switch on my wifi somehow it upgrades and then problem occurs. This is not expected from Samsung.. The problem is as it is and no official news till now regarding fixing this.. service center just reset my phone and give it back to me its quite annoying when you put headphone and still need to keep phone in hand as headphone's mic does not work .
Bought this phone month ago.. working perfectly.. Good Working Apps, decent RAM and internal Memory.. Processor is also Good but might get slow as the data increases. **Quick office (Preloaded) doesnt support files more than 1 MB** so not useful Sound Quality is also ok. Camera quality is also good ++ Camera has a facilty of Clicking Panorama view (Surprised :-D) ++ Overall an awesome budget phone specially for youngsters ... 3 cheers !!! Go Samsung !!!
I was looking for a Qwerty phone and at a price range of within 10k - 11k. Researched a lot and finally decided to buy a samsung phone. thanks to Flipkart, which helped me in deciding. Went to the Samsung outlet and the guy showed me this phone. Immediately grabbed this. Have been using this phone since the last 2 days. 1 word "Awesome" . Phone with the kind of features for this price range is really awesome. Bought it for 8,500. Power packed product ... if you are looking for a phone in the 10 k range , i would recommend got for this rather than MMX A110.
Good to buy, but not from Flipkart. Market price is less. Headset is not at par with the set. Hard copy of user's manual is required in side the box specially for the new user of smart phone. Quantum of applications are more than requirement. Camera quality is not as per expectation.
i am a huge qwerty fan, thats why i opted for this phone. but the cam and screen colors cud have been better( 16 M would have been nice along with a 5 mp cam), Its really sad that qwerty and cool features doesn't come along always Value for money in every aspect plays videos and up to 480 p videos like a charm, with more clarity than my friends galaxy ace. satisfied overall
The phone is good but dont know why samsung has given only 2.0MP camera. The phone has very absurd way to close the application. You have to double click the home key for closing all applications. There should be separate exit option for each application. Considering the cost it has, I can say it is good phone to buy. Thanks for flipkart for delivering product at my home.
Nice Phone. Perfect for normal internet browsing and downloads. Android ICS is cool. Worthy spending 8K for the phone. 4GB Internal Memory is great support. I was about to buy blackberry curve, but happy with this.
it's a handy phone with all necessary needs and QWERTY keypad. if you look forward to buy an android with average features ,i suggest GALAXY CHAT. camera is a little dull . but still serves the purpose.
This is my second phone after galaxy pop. Positives: 1)Android 4.0 OS(Greate Data Management) 2)Touch and Type 3)1.95GB user memory 4)445mb user RAM 5)853Mhz prcessor 6)Improved battery backup than other Android OS Negatives: 1)Poor camera 2)Design is not much as impressive. 3)After 9 months of usage it is good has hanging problem which is common to all android devices
recently buy this phone from mobile store.Phone is very good for this budget. But onje problem arise when listening song from memory card music some times break/stop for max 1-3 sec. But I don't know this is phone problem / memory card read problem. But when I user this memory card to other phone its run smooth no problem arise. If anyone arise this problem ?
I got this mobile about 5 days ago, and i was using an android based phone before this too. Trust me, this mobile is awesome for the price at which it comes. For 8.5k it couldn't have been better. Except for the camera, everything is just perfect. The cam of course is quite decent for a 2MP and you can software like picsplay, photo art, etc., to make your pix look even better. If you're having 2nd thoughts, just don't... go on and get the mob...:)
Bought this one for my father. He started with a Panasonic mobile more than a decade ago and had used 3-4 models of Nokia in the yrs to come.. so was really tough to figure out in the times when a good phone only comes with touch.. This one has got best of both worlds. Keys big enough to match the existing options in the bar phones and screen big enough to meet the hype of multimedia.. only con is the camera of 2 MP which actually matters only if one needs to take a printout of the picture taken.. do we? So 4.5/5 to Galaxy Chat!
Phone's excellent regarding the fluidity in UI, ICS is jus fine with Processor and RAM. You cant expect anythin from a 2 MP Cam, but who doesnt need camera....Cheers for the phone.. loaded hell lotta apps...works smooth...no lags. Display resolution's less....cant help it Default wallpaper sucks because of that resolution...change asap Battery's just fine...needs improvement... Rest Phone's excellent for the price GO FOR IT!!
first thanks to flip kart for delivering the product on time with 8 GB memory card as promised. now about phone a very nice phone with the price Android v4.0 OS 2 MP Primary Camera quality ok 3-inch Touchscreen very smooth 4_GB inbuilt memory 512 RAM Great budget phone once again thanks to Flip Kart
I got this phone today for my sister as a birthday gift for her. I liked the make and the QWERTY feature, though the screen pixel density is low but that is okay. It has lots of pre loaded apps, but i like the what'sapp and the gtalk. It has 850MHz processor which is enough for using apps. Games - i havent tested yet but will soon post.
It is a good qwerty phone. Looks very cute.Samsung's UI along with Android ICS is excellent. Touch responsiveness is far better than sony tipo which the other branded ICS phone in this category. The only problem with this phone is poor display. But we need to compromise somewhere for the lower price.
