MOBDPHYGYZE9FHRB
it is a better mobile for those people who have a budget of rs.8000 and looking for all the applications that a person wants.it looks awesome more better than a samsung galaxy mobiles.why did i say better?ans-because you see around you there are people who catch all costly mobiles around the range of price 15000-50000.but you see this karbonn mobile has got almost all the important applications that other costly mobiles like samsung,sony have.if you don't know how to use those costly mobile like samsumg galaxy,sony mobiles etc.,its useless,so instead of those mobiles,you can go for this karbonn mobile.some features of karbonn A18+ are1)it charges fully at around 5-6hrs.2)if not in use,it can go for 2-3 days without charging or may be more days3)if in use,it discharges more fast than it discharges specially internet.4)camera is not good at night5)internal memory is 1.25gb.so have a good time,people.
Found this mobile (Karbonn A18+) through Flipkart and satisfied with it. A good to have BUDGET range mobile. >Performance is good. >Incredible screen size. >Different apps work without an issue. >Camera, sound and other features are good in this price group. So far did not find any major glitches in performance. >Has a small lag in touch response at times which is not annoying. Will be updating if finding any major issues. >Delivery was fast by the seller. >Neat packaging.
Got this phone as a gift for my mother, and out of curiosity used it for a week... Then I realized its very better than my Samsung Galaxy S Advance(for which I spent >2*this phone) .. Battery and performance is the terrible success of this model, seriously never expected this kind of battery backup (2 days guaranteed out of my gaming and internet)!! Totally, after 1 week usage now I exchanged my previous phone with Mother and started using this ;-) Its been a month I am using it, feeling proud to found a gem in budget price :) (Only prob-with cam.. both front and back are not up to mark).
karbonn a18+ phone is awesomw i buy 1 year back and now phone working good great perfomance never hang but fault is low sound volume and low flashlight but all thing is awesome worth buying.
processing is very slow and flash is not good sound is low when compare to nokia samsung and micromax
I think its a good budget phone with better battery backup than most of the smartphones. In this price range I believe its a good phone to buy.
The product is really good and has more features than Samsung galaxy and this product offers best value for money. The product is worth more than its price. A wise and perhaps smart choice.
I bought A 18 about a year back. Performance wise it is O. K. Some hanging problems were there. The battery life has been exhausted. No battery is available either from the Company or from the service centre. E mails are not properly replied with a convincing solution. Service centre is helpless to provide a battery. So if any body wants a good phone for less than a year and wants no service it is O.K. to buy.
Karbonn S5 has these disadvantages - Viber mic not working, same for Fring, Line, KakaoTalk(person you're talking to cant hear you) My Karbonn A18+ just dropped dead within few months of purchase. Had given it for service.Still waiting for the mobile to come back after 4 months. Have sent them a notice, if they dont respond will move to consumer court. Buy Karbonn phones at your own risk, since their service centres are pathetic and super unprofessional. Try calling their toll free and customer care numbers, you definitely can not reach any one.
I bought A Phone Titanium S2 And the phone went dead in one month. . now service center is demanding money and company is not responding. . try calling customer care if you don't believe 1800 1024 660
GPS never works properly. Took to service center once. Even after service center guys changed the gps it stopped working in a day or two. Battery drains out in 6 hours. Poor phone!
This toy is worth the value....screen size, 5mp camera, after capturing photos editing features and its processor speed and 4GB int. memory all are enviable. Even the front facing cam. is cool. Only worry is the video captured quality and being an LCD display the viewing angle has to be frontal. Over all very satisfied. Did not buy it from Flipkart though am a regular buyer coz I exchanged my prev. phone for this phone with a very good price deal. A big Thumbs up to those who want to buy a smart phone but wants to keep a check on the money purse as well.
