MOBDRNSQPTUHAGNU
Phone features are good and so is the performance. The problem is you cannot find any spare parts, not in the service centers, not in the market, not anywhere, even the company does not supply the parts. Applies to all spare parts, even if the screen guard is damaged, you find it. Mine, .... the battery swell to double the size, just after using it for 2 mopnths, service center says that it is due to overcharging and such cases are not covered in the warranty. "You'll have to buy it." FINE!!!! MY FAULT. I'm ready to buy it, where can I.... it's not available in the market. From the service center...... Not available at this time. When will it be made available....... Not timeline given. Reason........ The manufacturer has placed the order for batteries with the vendor. and now..... 2 months later, still no response. They do not even answer the phone. Service center location: Janakpuri Dist. Center, West Delhi.
must buy phone in its price only the bad thing about is is it a little bit bulky (196.6)gm Pros: - Great screen – the 5.3-inch display looks good and is an ease to use. - Great processor – It never failed us. - Camera – The camera works great for both outdoor and indoor shots. - OS – The Android 4.2 – Jelly Bean OS is an ease to use. - Connectivity – the Connectivity was pretty great. Cons - We don’t have many complaints with this handset – just one small glitch. The Power button sometimes needs to be pressed hard, which happened once in 10 times we powered on the handset. The battery is ok, but we would have fallen in love with it if it was just a tad more powerful. Conclusion: At a market price of around Rs. 15,000, The Spice Stellar Pinnacle Pro is worth your moolah, but shaving off a few grands off the price tag wouldn’t hurt. As an Android phone, it did impress us on many counts. It is a desirable handset and if you are in the market for a large-screen handset.
I've been using it for three weeks now. It has the features of a 20k phone. Camera(9/10) greate picture quality even in dim lights. Autofocus works great. Display :(8/10) capacitive multi touch is very sensitive, 5.3 inch. Everything is crystal clear. Processing(10/10):I've never experienced a lag either playing games or HD movies, 1GB ram puts enough juice into the phone to play even heavier games like fifa. Battery:(9/10) 2550mah runs for a whole day even after playing games for an hour 3G as long. Build(8/10): comfortably fits in my palm.Connectivity:both sims are 3G, wifi feature which is usually found in high end phones. OTG cable included lets you connect to external disks. Memory(10/10): Incredible 16GB rom.I can place all my apps and music on the ROM itself. Adding a 32Gb sd card made it to a total of 45Gb. Accessories: an OTG cable, pc cable, earphones( could have been better), screen guard and flip cover included. however i don,t feel like using the flip cover.
I have been using this phone since last 3 weeks and found it awesome. Frankly speaking, while unboxing the phone, I was a bit disappointed but now I have fell in love with this phone. Flawless performance, feather like too responsive touch, huge battery sufficient for whole day operations with lot of 3G usage, bright and larger screen, latest Android OS, huge in-built space for user (over 12.5 GB with 1 GB exclusively for Apps), 1.2 GHz quad core processor with 1 GB RAM and what not is there? A few days ago I had bought Samsung Galaxy Grand for my wife and I was tight with budget. I planned to buy this phone for next few months and once my budget allows, I will go for a Samsung phone. However, after seeing its performance, I am not going to replace it for next at least couple of years. My take is ..... this is an excellent product with best value for money. Would recommend this particular handset for purchase.
GUYS , I really tell you one thing don't buy Spice company.Mobile phone, trust me, i have used these mobile from last 3 years. bad service center provided by third party dealer, no resposce from customer service center, no updating AND MANY MORE THINGS THAT SHOWS THIS IS FAKE COMPANY
The features are awesome. Enjoyed the phone for the first 4 months and battery swollen. The replacement battery is not available anywhere.
Have purchased Spice MI-535 online from Flipkart; Delivered on time; the very first day the Speakers were not working; complained to Flipkart the call center guy told we cannot do anything please speak to Sacholic.com, then i called up sacholic call center,they took request for return of purchase but never fulfilled and i recevied a mail stating it is under replacement warranty so please visit a spice service center;overall a bad experience
I bought one Samsung Galaxy Grand Quattro I 8552 , But this is a better product with lessr price. Given the Option I will go for this product again.This has larger display ,fast internet.Better Pic quality than I8552. Worth Buying It.Value For Money. Moreover The seller gave everything inside the pack, Flip Cover,Scratch Guard everything.The Earpiece might have been improved,its of basic quality. Only in my set , recorded Videos unable to play sound .But through Earphone Its Playing Perfectly.I have to check out with the service centre. May be a problem with my set only.
Screen: Great size and perfect touch sensitivity... Processor: Even HD games like Fast & Furious 6 (232 MB space) and Real Football 2012/2013 (400-500 MB) run without any glitches...a 1.2 GHz processor only makes things better... Memory: Never an issue...16 GB is enough...and memory card slot also available.... Battery: Even on playing HD games for almost 4-5 hours, there is still 40% battery remaining...what else do you need? Camera: The 8MP camera with LED flash clicks poor pictures in low light and average pics outdoor. Pros: There are loads of pre-loaded apps like WhatsApp, Facebook, Hi-camera, Hi-connect and lots more means that you don't have to go through the pain of downloading them.... the best thing about it is that it comes with an OTG cable so u can easily access data from external hard disks, pen-drives, digi-cam, etc. The connectivity is also very good. The pre-loaded Hi-connect means that you can turn your phone onto a WI-FI hotspot anywhere. Cons: After 8 months of use, I find that there are lags and jitters all the time. The performance has degraded considerably. The phones even hangs sometimes and I have to run a speed boosting clean-up all the time. Not recommended if u love awesome performance or photography.
Pls be aware of purchasing any spice product. The products r quite good and r reasonably priced. But whats the use of good product if u dont get after sales service. No response at smobility (the official website) , rude and shocking replies from authorised service centers ( i have a horrible experience @ Kellys managed by Amit Goel). So think twice before going for any spice product. Better spend few extra bucks on any other brand with proven after sales service. No point carrying a dead spice product and running behind service centers after spending ur hard earned money.
ITS BATTERY IS VERY POOR AND NOT AVAILABLE IN OPEN MARKET AS WELL AS IN COMPANY. WE R 3 FRIENDS WHO PURCHASED THIS MOBILE BEFORE 4 MONTHS WITHIN 4 MONTHS ITS SPEAKER IS NOT WORKING AND BATTERY IS ALSO NOT WORKING LAST 6 MONTHS SPICE COMPANY CAN NOT PROVIDE BATTERY IN SHORT DONT PURCHASE ANY SPICE MOBILE IN FREE OF COST U (FLIPKART) ALSO REMOVE ALL ITEMSOF SPICE FROM UR SIGHT
Camera quality not good touch begin to word harder battery backup is not good after some months dont buy this
First of all FLIPKART with ekart is excellent in terms of delivery of product. I placed order online for this mobile on Sun, 16th Mar 10:53 pm and 17th March(Monday) was public holiday(HOLI),I received product on Wed, 19th March. I mean to say that I got the my mobile in just one working day, isn't it amazing! About Mobile: This mobile is mine 4th Mobile of Spice Mobile Company. In this price range this one is great product. Product is made for those who like big screen. You will get all things in single box:Handset with Battery,Headset.Charger,USB Cable,OTG Cable, Flip Cover and Scratch Guard. This phone is heavy(almost 200 gm with flip cover) but its normal as it has a battery of 2550 mah and big screen. Camera is not excellent but good enough. Display screen is OK.
FIRST I TRIED TO BUY A NEW PHONE UNDER A BIG BRAND ...WHEN I AM SEARCHING FOR A MOBILE I FOUND THIS PHONE IN FLIP KART ....WHEN I RED THE FEATURES I WAS SHOCKED...NEXT AFTER SEEING THE PRICE AND THE SIZE I WQS SURPRISED ....WHO CAN GIVE A GOOD PHONE JUST FOR 9999/- ..I BOUGHT ...NOW I AM USING IT ..VERY NICE .....MUST BUY THIS PHONE .....
I have been using it from the past 20 days and here the review of it. Till now there are no issues with the phone. Sound and call audio quality is excellent. Very good battery backup. Out of 16GB, 12 GB of storage is available for the user. This phone comeup with screen protector and flip cover. If any body wants to purchase a mobile 1.2 GHz Quad core processor, 1 GB RAM , 8 MP camera, 16 GB ROM including flipcover and screen protector under rupees 10,000-00, this is the best phone I have ever seen after so many mobiles with user reviews.
best phone i have purchased just do one thing which i did, note down all spec for this phone then go to a retail shop give them the specfication !!! they will directly tell u to spend 20000 also the unique point is 16 gb internal with 5.3 disp u will never get these specfication at this price range !!!
i bought this phone form flipkart, but Spice Seller courierd me this shit phone,,which is crappy shit,,,always restart, my sugestion is dont buy any product where it';s written MADE IN INDIA Or CHINA, micromax, karban, spice, lava all are indian shit.............Better go for MotoG, Samsung
HI, this a very nice phone big size screen good Regulaction 1gb rem 5.3 size screen sound quality is good & every things is good spice company is good. Using since last one month. Good Battery (2 full days with chat on and 6-7 hrs on Google play) n sharp display. It can play/record HD movie. Sound quality is great with good equalizer setup. Call quality is also very good. Camera quality is good (cannot compare any phone's camera with dedicated one). Little heavy compared with other phones. I don't regret buying. Never expected such a nice phone from company like SPICE
had purchased spice stellar pinnacle pro mi 535 from flipkart in june 2014. aftr five months of usage,,,the battery has become defective. it ihas started bulging n doesnt fits in d cover now. tried to buy a new one but couldnt find a battery in the market in colaba n crawford market even with the authorised service centres. facing lots of problems as its too risky to use the bloated battery. feel like being cheated . also,,the internal memory as shown here is 16 gb,,but,,it is the inetrnal storage on the fone and not the internal memory. the company should clearly specify this. i strongly discourage others for not buying any spice phones. will rate only one star,,,as it is mandatory to fill the rating,,,,else,,,,wuudnt hav given even one star.
i have buy a pinacale pro as i expected its not like that sound quality is not good n some time caller could not hear your voice . but i manage to hold it any how but in an acident my mobile fell down n its mic was not working so i gave it to service center there the person told me its mother board was broken so i ask him to change it , but he told he did not have stock of motherboard so what should i do with my mobile its screen also broken please advice
this is value for money product from spice with lots of innovative features. front 5 Mp camera with wide angle best for selfies. Multi tasking is very convenient watch video and be on social media. direct call and flip to mute also good features. overall good experience. due to marketing this handset is not so popular but in features it beats all its competitors
for gaming this phone is awesome. it's my personal experience...i played all games smoothly on it like asphalt 8,dead trigger2,dead trigger 3, mc3, mc4, iron man, angry birds all, plant vs zombies,gangster vegas, grand theft auto, and many more.....
I've been using this Phone from over a year now without any problems.Camera is of average quality.Touch is good.Didnt face any issues untill it fell down and the screen developed a Crack.The crack went on increasing by itself (dont know how !!). Went to Spice care centre where the Guy told me that it would cost me 7000 rupees to get it fixed since the screen and digitizer come together.So I didnt replace the screen. The screen is not available in the Market anywhere. So I'll be buying a new phone altogether (Definitely no Spice this time). Please dont waste your money as I wasted mine.
its been 8 months m using this product and i have to replace battery twice already, and now m waiting for another battery pack since last 2 and half month!!!!!!!!!!! still out of stock!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what a loss!
It's Very Nice mobile every thing is GOOD battery, speed, camera, features!!! GOOD. Spice is a good brand may be some people think it not so good because they believe only in THE big brands which are no better than this in my opinion of course in its class......
this phone is brilliant but there is small problem in camera when used in night mode and led are also not that much bright. I have recently purchased it but my camera lens has got dust from inside...
I love this. this is the best product in this value. I am satisfied with Spice I recommend this to purchase as early as possible to enjoy the life.
Friends I have purchased it on 24-6-14 n till there is not at all problem.... although I'm mad of playing games ......I hv installed asphalt 8,modern combat 4,GTA vice city,six guns,frontline comando d-day, NFS most wanted n some basic games like temple run 2„subway surfers etc....if so u r heavy gamer like me then go for it... .n camera is also very much decent in daylight at night ....cool apps preinstalled .....u wil not get such a DECENT mobile in dis price tag. .....so jst go for it....
this is very nice mobile ....good battry back up .....so many other fetures 2g net ruuning like 3g due to good processor sunil kashyap
16gb Rom 1gb Ram 8mp Primary Cam 5mb Secondary cam General 2G Network GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G Network HSDPA 900 / 2100 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 SIM Dual SIM Announced 2013, May Status Available. Released 2013, May Body Dimensions 152 x 79 x 10.3 mm (5.98 x 3.11 x 0.41 in) Weight 196.3 g (6.91 oz) Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen Size 540 x 960 pixels, 5.3 inches (~208 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Sound Alert types Vibration, MP3 ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Memory Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB Internal 16 GB storage, 1 GB RAM Data GPRS Class 12 (4 1/3 2/2 3/1 4 slots), 32 - 48 kbps EDGE Class 12 Speed HSDPA, HSUPA WLAN Yes Bluetooth Yes, v4.0 USB Yes, microUSB v2.0, USB On-the-go Camera Primary 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, autofocus, dual-LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face and smile detection Video Yes Secondary Yes, 5 MP Features OS Android OS, v4.2 (Jelly Bean) Chipset Mediatek MT6589 CPU Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU PowerVR SGX544 Sensors Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML Radio FM radio GPS Yes, with A-GPS support Java Yes, via Java MIDP emulator Colors Brown - SNS integration - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic - MP4/WMV/H.263 player - MP3/WAV/AAC player - Organizer - Document viewer - Image/video editor - Google Search, Maps, Gmail, YouTube, Calendar, Google Talk, Picasa - Voice memo/dial - Predictive text input Battery Li-Po 2550 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 700 h Talk time Up to 4 h 12 min
Phone is very good, but after 5 months use, battery became dead, waiting for the replacement of battery from Spice for more than 50 days. Very poor service from service centre. Better avoid this brand.
First of allllll....i want to tell everybody that this smartphone worth a single coin spent on it.... Camera quality is BEST at this price......even this is the only phone is with 5 Megapixel camera at this price range 10k - 15k Coming towards the processor and GPU.....all works fine.......not a single lag while playing games like Temple Run 1-2, Subway surfers, real steel boxing, Dr Driving, Frontline Commando, Prince of Persia S & F and many more. RAM is huge and enough for heavy multitasking one of MY fav. specs. is that of Battery..... THAT IS HUGE...... 2550 mAh battery that is awesome.......user can play game continuously for 4-5 hrs consuming only 50-60% of battery........ 3G networking is awesome.... coming towards its look...........I am now a big fan of SPICE........this smartphone is appreciated by my WHOLE family......it gives prime look and unique of its own.... MEMORY is superior that is one of a kind.....16 GB unbelievable at this price NO NEED TO USE MEMORY CARD..... OTG supported that is one of the best feature..... apart from these....it is accompanied with gesture screen lock., Power saving mode, ANDROID 4.2.1, BOOT acceleration......and many more built in apps..... ..................................................... !!! BUT only problem in this phone that disappointed me is that voice in video recording is low...........bt nevermind...IT IS very clear......... :-D I wanna say that if you want a phone in 10k which has the features of 19-20k then this is for you...........
hi guys.... this mobile turned out to be better than i expected... i had assumed it would hang a bit and get stuck and all but turns out i literally have no complains.... how i wish i hadn't lost my phone...
Phone performs very well with lots of apps loaded at the same time, 3d apps run very smoothly. Lacks proper after sales support (users complained on getting battery replacement) and very expensive repair cost (some users reported 7700 for screen replacement which is absurd - this is not OGS). Night time camera mode will reboot the device. Users needs to find an online forum where some tweaks are shared to make it a very smooth running device with no hangs or reboots at all. Have more than 1 unit and very happy with the purchase (so far). Worth purchasing when comparing on performance, feature and price point compared to other very expensive units in the market. After sales support is the failure here.
I loved my Spice MI 515 that I bought in Jan from saholic website so picked this up for my sister. She was a Blackberry nut before this but likes this phone as much. The Spice brand name is not as popular as other phones so their pricing is very competitive and attractive. This was my 3rd Spice phone. Far more pleased with this than my first Smartphone, a Micromax which had all the features but extremely slow and sluggish. The only thing I don't like about the Spice 515 and the 535 is that the GPS hardware or antenna is not as good as, say Samsung Galaxy series. I was on a trek recently and my friends Galaxy always locked on to GPS much faster than mine did. Great value! Buy it.
Spice has come up with quality mid-range handsets that are a dream come true for the Indian consumer. It packs in features like a powerful processor, a good camera and a big screen in a price that won’t be very heavy on your pocket. Among its line-up is the Spice Stellar Pinnacle Pro Mi 535, which on all counts we found to be a stellar phone. The Spice Stellar Pinnacle Pro picks up the mantle from the Spice Stellar Pinnacle handset and has some upgrades that we liked in its use and feel. But how does the Spice Stellar Pinnacle Pro stand out when the market is flooded with similar looking handsets let’s find out.
I am facing some issues with this mobile..like... 1. when i open camera, 4 out of 10 times it says 'camera not responding'. 2. the sound of video recording is low. 3. when i disconnect a call a black screen comes out fr a long time. 4. Many times it shows an error on the screen that SD card is not present. 5. if i install applications in internal SD card then it doesn't show internal SD card in Computer, only shows external SD card. 6. After transferring files from computer to my mobile when i disconnect my mobile, and try to open any app then it shows that 'app is not installed'. I need to restart my mobile then the app works. Good things of this mobile.. 1. Picture quality of front camera is very good. 2. Battery backup is also very good and it shows correct battery % 3. Images clicked in night (indoor) comes very good. 4.Accessories provided by spice are also good.
Too good product,.... nice fast.... hd games run smoothly..... excellent both cameras.. rear flash too gd.
The features are amazing. Its look is awesome too. My product has a slight defect, while calling someone the whole phone goes dead-like, it comes back to life only after the call has been disconnected from the other end. Incoming calls are fine. The camera is good. Battery is reasonably efficient for the screen size. Go for it, the best in the relatively cheap.
Dear Sir., I loved this mobile feature, all feature like high end mobile have, like camera8mp f5mp super, battery 2550 not bad compare micromax is best, one think i want now that it as block list like samsumg it as please please comfime me that, to my email, hesaru@gmai.com
good phone in this price, all features working fine support all pendrive and usb hard disk tested
I BOUGHT THIS HANDSET 3 MONTHS AGO .FIRST I TRIED TO BUY A NEW PHONE UNDER A BIG BRAND ...WHEN I AM SEARCHING FOR A MOBILE I FOUND THIS PHONE IN FLIP KART ....WHEN I READ THE FEATURES I WAS SHOCKED...NEXT AFTER SEEING THE PRICE AND THE SIZE I WAS SURPRISED ....WHO CAN GIVE A NICE PHONE JUST FOR 9999/- ..I BOUGHT ...NOW I AM USING IT ..VERY NICE .....MUST BUY THIS PHONE ..... NO ONE CAN JUST BEAT ONE AT THIS RATE
technical specifications of this phone are really good so let me tell u only about my experience after using it for 4 days. runs smoothly no lagging or hanging problem good battery, if u use it only for calls only it may last for 3 days but on continuously heavy games & hd video u will need to charge twice a day. nice front camera but back camera is ok. display is large & qhd but is very poor as compared to mircomax canvas it is a heavy phone & does not feel good in hands or pocket. music is good on earpiece & ok on speaker. internal memory is enough so no need to buy external cards. flip cover & screen guard was available in packing. good service offered. touch is responsive but do not feel that great. over all it is a budget phone with a lot of compromises. I prefer micromax canvas for really stunning display & sleek design.
5.3 inch display, 1.2 Ghz dual processor, 16 GB internal memory, 1GB RAM, With 2 screen guards, With Company made Leather case, latest Android Jelly Bean, Now what you need in this price
i have this mobile and it work fabulous ....no lagging so fast, long battery... fast processor 16gb rom 1 gb ram best in class
I have been using this phone since last weeks and found it awesome. best cellphone at cheap price compare to other phones available in market, performance is good enough,no doubt its a good deal for customers who looking for best at less money thanks flpkart for good service
Its really a nice phone with smart features, Only one can know after purchase it.Now its about 30 days I am using it.
It was good but at the rate quoted.. There was a minor issues of sensor when i had purchased it.but they(spice mobiles) have promised to replace it..
I purchased on 18.01.2014, very good mobile for this price.Good pitcher quality, good backup battery good screen all is good
best cellphone at cheap price compare to other phones available in market, performance is good enough,no doubt its a good deal for customers who looking for best at less bukcs
Using since last one month. Good Battery (2 full days with chat on and 6-7 hrs on Google play) n sharp display. It can play/record HD movie. Sound quality is great with good equalizer setup. Call quality is also very good. Camera quality is good (cannot compare any phone's camera with dedicated one). Little heavy compared with other phones. I don't regret buying. Never expected such a nice phone from company like SPICE.
It is more good looking than in photos online. Very feature rich. Nice touch, decent display, build quality, battery life is good, inbuilt storage is ultra fast but phone's performance is with average speed(But does not lags anywhere. There are lots of custom roms & tremendous scope of upgrades. Tested with otg(mouse,pendrive,cardreader) wif tethering. Excellent front camera & decent back one. I can rate it 9/10 for below 10000k phone.(If Display resolution would have been atleast hd it would have been awsome)
