MOBDRKHTEKMPGA27
I bought this phone from local market for 10,600 on 26th march and I waited for 3 weeks before giving review so that I can give an appropriate one So lets start with pros:- 1.) The best thing about this phone is performence. It has a 1.3 GHz mediatek mt6582m quad core chipset with mali-400mp. It's antutu( a benchmarking platform) score is over 17000 which is higher than all other micromax devices and even better than phones like HTC one x, Samsung s3,nexus4. 2.)The 5" screen is amazing Although it is not having hd resolution but still the colour reproduction is amazing and natural plus the viewing angles are also great. 3.)looks-- although micromax is not very famous for looks but I find this one looking better than other micromax phones. A word of advice if you buy off internet by the white one because you may think that the black one may look better because that is what I thought but when the shopkeeper showed me both I chose the white one as it looked better. 4.)form factor-- this phone has a great form factor it is built in such a way that it is very handy. This is by far the most handy 5 inch phone that I have used. 5.)camera-- only idiots say things like 8mp micromax Camera equals 5mp Samsung camera. This is absolute Bullshit I have used both 8mp Camera phones and picture quality is equal and hence you can only not like camera if you want 12-13mp for which you have to shell more money Neither pros nor cons:- 1.) battery on all android phone socks off you have an android phone you will have to charge it everyday so this can't be counted as this device's con 2.)540p resolution I don't consider this as a con because there is no noticeable difference with a 720p screen The only con--when you charge your phone it won't go beyond 99% no matter what but if you switch the phone after some time say about leaving it on charge for 20 minutes after it shows 99% then on disconnecting it will show it is charged. There is no problem with the battery it is just a software issue and can be ignored So my verdict is that grab the phone a as soon as you can and don't forget to rate my review as useful if you found it so
i have purchased this product from thanks to ws retail only they deliver to my location and also in just 1.5 days now to the mobile phone when i opened the box found nothing extra like flip cover screen guard but for the price the phone was awsome here are some pros and cons pros 1)nice display but screen resolution could have been better 2)nice call quality the incall speaker is loud than other nice 3) the new chipset mt6582 is just made for gaming the mt6589t is clocked at 357mhz i.e used in canvas magnus but this is clocked at 412mhz i have confirmed it 4)camera is decent but not that good 5)performance is really really smooth like as jelly free ram is also much due to qhd diaplay 6)customised android interface 7) launcher is also bit different then that regular launcher in other handsets cons 1) light sensor does not works 2)the back and front aatracts dust all the time 3)as regular cheap quality headsets with all micromax phone 4)battery backup is not good but it will last 1 day with normal usage
Firstly let me thank Flip-Kart for delivering the Phone on 25th Dec when I had placed the Order on 23rd evening even tough the site mentioned "no Deliveries for 25th Dec". It was a Surprise Gift for my Dad and I was expecting it to arrive on 26th, however I was even more Surprised than my Dad when it arrived on Christmas! Made it Special, thanks FlipKart. Now about the Phone : This phone is an Awesome piece of technology... Pros : 1.Screen is huge & and display is amazing. (which helps for elderly folks getting used to a smart phone, like my dad) 2.Touch is good, 3.Build quality is really good and the phone looks elegant (which is why I hate to see it in a cover) Cons : 1.Camera is decent compared to other phones in the market (not really a con). 2.Speaker is not that loud. Conclusion : Overall I would definitely recommend this product, if you like a Phone with a huge display look no further. Worth every penny !!
I purchased this product a week ago form my local store in the Exchange for my previous Lenovo A850, which i had to exchange unfortunately because of the broken screen (repairing was costing a lot, it was better to get a new one in that price in exchange). I have written a review in Lenovo A850 thread if you want to confirm. Anyways, regarding the phone, I am really very satisfied with this purchase, i do not regret not repairing my previous one at all. The pros and cons are as follows: PROS: 1) The device looks premium. I have the black variant, which on the front looks pretty cool when the capacitive buttons lights goes off (however not as cool as an OGS panel). There is a glossy back cover which people might like (i personally prefer matte finish), but is a foolproof fingerprint magnet. 2) The built quality can be a bit unsatisfactory, please note I am saying this because the power and volume rocker buttons move back and forth a bit, but still the device does feel premium in hand considering the overall built. There are 3 capacitive touch buttons which register the input well and lights up during function. 3) The screen is 5 inches, which according to me is the most preferable size of screen for usage. It boasts a resolution of 540 x 960 ~220ppi pixel density, which is satisfactory, however it would have been better if Micromax had provided 720p resolution. 4) Mediatek MT6582M (Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7) performs exceptionally well. It scores above 17000 in Antutu and around 6000 in Quadrant and gives a good 57fps in Nenamark2, which is quite impressive considering the price range. 5) GPU is Mali-400MP2 which is certainly better than Power VR SGX544 which is almost in all local Mediatek powered phones. 6) Gaming is very good on this phone, I have tested Asphalt 8, Real racing 3, GT racing 2 and frontline commando 2 on this myself and all of them run exceptionally well, no lag at all. 6) RAM is 1 GB out of which you get 972 MB usable which is excellent. There is well more than 600 MB RAM initially for operations. 7) The phone is dual SIM, some people might find this feature useful. 8) It has a notification LED, however it only displays 2 colors - red and green. 9) Internal memory is 4GB, Of which internal storage 1.42GB is allocated as phone storage (1.2GB free) and 1GB as internal storage. Memory can be expanded upto 32GB via SD card. However, please note, you can move all you application to SD card and you can even set your SD card as you primary internal storage option onto which all of the big apps will directly be downloaded to your SD card, so no fear of small storage inspite of having just 4 GB internal memory. 10) Comes with Android 4.2.2 Installed, and there are high chances that it might receive KitKat update in the near future (according to the info leaked on the Google) 11) Primary camera is 8MP and secondary camera is 2MP, which performs fairly decently and can record videos at 1080p at 30fps. Though you can't expect too much in this price bracket. 12) Pricing is very decent. NEUTRAL POINTS: 1) Battery is 2000mah, which is pretty decent but not excellent. Micromax should have provided atleast around 2250mah battery, but nonetheless it still gives me a good 24 hours of battery life with 3G always on and mild - moderate usage. Should definitely last u through workday hours i.e from morning 10 to evening 8 or something with moderate usage. Ultimately this depends on user to user. 2) The speaker at times gets covered by surfaces and blocks the sound. I would blame the design of the phones for this. 3) Its fairly long time since 4.3 has released Micromax should give it out to its customers now. This should have come with it. I hope all phones do really get KitKat update, it will further improve the performance drastically. CONS: 1) Speaker quality is not upto the mark. The loudness and clarity, both are unsatisfactory. 2) In call clarity is though good, the loudness is not upto the mark. 3) The music quality is extremely bad. I can't feel the damn bass at all. Not at all happy with this point. I am really surprised that even with my Ajays 2 the music quality is bad, I can't imagine the quality with stock headphones. I haven't even bothered to test them. 4) No Gorilla glass. VERDICT: A nice tight budget phone with hefty performance your money can buy. It has all the qualities to be in your hand if thats your budget, however it could have been a complete package with the battery given a bit more and rectifying those flaws i mentioned. Hardcore music enthusiasts, please look elsewhere (I am very unsatisfied with this point myself).
What to say.. with the mediatech 1.3GHz qaud core processor and MALI-400 MP GPU (just like a graphics card in laptop), is simply rocking its way. Benchmarks are awesome and so the performance. the only con is the camera n build quality(which i say is still enough gorgeous). buy this particular phone and i can promise nothing will go wrong. trust me . the mali-400 gpu n the quad core processor with q-HD display makes the best phone, what i believe for a budget phone. Dont think, your everyday tasks will b done in the best possible way. Display is good, camera is decent, Gamers will have true Fun, And no storage problem. :) 11K can be best spent in this way, by buying the device. approx benchmark scores: Antutu- 17100 Quadrant- 6000 Nena Mark2- 57fps Vellamo HTML5- 2000 Vellamo Metal- 530 and it has 5 point multi touch(it can read 5 fingers on the screen) all games are running. Asphalt 8 was running in medium graphics, which is very good. just play and have fun guys..!!! Comming to flipkart. Awesome service....... as always i have bought 5 phone from here n they are always ready to give u the best service..really happy.. :) thanku flipkart
Micromax phones are really good in look and features, but have any 1 thought of service from them. here is my experience for micromax canvas HD A116. i purchased last year 4month i used and its display gave up. i gave it to service center they took 20days to replace the display. once i got my phone i used it for 2days and noticed my battery is not getting charged i rushed to service center again here the real story starts with lots of frustration and waiting. NO 1 WILL BELIVE THEY TOOK 6MONTH TO RECTIFY THE PROB and the 6month of period i called so manytimes to service center all non sense ans from customer care. long story but in cut shot i finally after 6month got my phones back :). WHATTTTT oh no again display is gone after 1day. again rushed to service center again 20days they took to place the display phewwww. finally when i got my phone back i had lost warranty by keeping phone in service center and lost intrestd in phone too. so i sold that phone with the loss of 5000 + may be 1000 by calling customer care + 500 by visiting service center + frustration = 6500 + frustration = NO MORE SHITY MICROMAX... suggestion... Dont take these products which look cheap coz its really cheap with uneathical customer satisfaction... or else ALL THE BEST with your micromax
somebody please tell me that can we move apps to sd card if yes, then i would like to buy this phone without even a single thought and please also tell me that can it run games like asphalt 8 ,gta 3,NOVA 3,the dark knight rises,amazing spiderman,rel football 2013 and fifa 14 because i am a heavy gamer
hello,my name is navneeth i bought this phone it gave me a good results if u like this phone just go for this do not ask anyone itz good:- pros:- -hmm a good battery life -hd recording come alive {1920-1080} -1.3ghz with quard core is such a big thing -n 1gb ram with 4gb rom is much speeder see if u have 1.2 ghz with quard core processor u should have a ram of 1gb but this phone is having 1.3ghz with 1gb ram does not hang,,,,if u belive in this phone or my wordings,,,,,go for this---------------- -oh my god bluetooth transfer speed is unbeliveable cons:- -camera is not too dull not too bright itz good for a above average usage soooooooooo,,if u have a budge of 12k just go for this n good delivery also,,,...,,,... flipkart rockss,,,,, awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I got this phone on Feb 3, 2014 and it has been 2 months. I think it is good time to make a review. Pros: - 1.3 GHz MT6582 which is acclaimed for the performance. - Lag Free Performance - Vivid and clear display - Android 4.2.2 with white themed menus - Good amount of Preloaded apps - Above average 8MP camera - Telephony is good Cons: - Heats up near ear piece - Not built very well. - Average Front Camera - Low Loud Speaker volume - Glitchy Sensors I don't think I have to say much about the purchase process. There is no denying that Flipkart provides the best service amongst the online retailers. Delivery was quick and packaging was done really well. Now coming to the Phone. I am not sure why mmx linked this to Canvas 2. This is completely a new phone, no way related to Canvas 2. It uses the latest and well praised MT6582 1.3 GHz from Mediatek. There is no dearth of performance and phone performs lag free. I am not an intensive gamer and the usual games play really well. The rear camera with 8MP and AF is pretty good and can click decent pictures when you snap casually. The display is qHD which is good and clear. I know HD is the norm today yet this display is sufficient for everyday use. There are no issues with call quality and you will not miss any calls. The telephony is pretty good. This comes with Android 4.2.2 which has white theme for certain menus and gives a fresh feel. Cons: Heats like an oven at times. When you play games for a long time or during charging, the upper part of the phone heats up to the extent that you can fry eggs and takes time to cool. The ear piece area gets very hot and it is better to use a headset for calls at these times. Mind you, this is not a deal breaker. The build is not perfect and the panels creak most of the time. The front camera is very average and should be good for video calls but not so good for selfie lovers. The Loud speaker volume is low and you may get frustrated if you try to use it in a noisy area. Lastly, as mentioned in another review, the proximity sensor does not work in sunlight. When you add a flip cover, it makes the matters worse. Concluding, I have to concur with the positive reviews on this phone. Apart from heating (not a deal breaker), and average front camera I don't have any issues and the experience is nothing short of good. This is one of the best recent launches from MMX.
I purchase this phone yesterday at Rs. 10390 ( WHITE in color ) there is actually 1 CON that is it's back cover.It's very slimy difficult to hold and attract fingerprints very easily.And it does not fit well. that's not a big issue buy a flip cover. The camera is very good. battery backup is very decent. IN SHORT THE PHONE IS AWESOME. JUST GO FOR IT..................
I have used an iPhone 4S, followed it up with Galaxy S4. And now using the canvas 2.2 A114 Touch wise canvas 2.2 is right up there with the s4 & 4s. It's got super smooth touch screen AND absolutely NO LAG whatsoever (could not believe Micromax is such good) Stunning performance for a mobile costing just 10K Display is very nice. Text is very crisp to read in whatapp, facebook etc... HD videos from memory card play stunningly !!!! Build quality is superb...many of my friends were totally impressed with the build quality. That speaks wonders about the build quality !!! bought this mobile mainly after going through a lot of reviews on Flipkart & Elsewhere All the reviews given by users proved to be genuine after i myself tested the device :) Call quality is average. Some times there is disturbance while in a call. Not a major problem Batter backup is VERY GOOD. My S4 used to last 9-10 hrs with moderate usage like Facebook, whatsapp, email... The canvas 2.2 last more than a whole day while using whatsapp (1hr), facebook (1hr) email (15 mins) and calls (1hr) yet the batery is at 50% !!!! Superb battery performance compared to the S4 Audio quality is very very avg...earphones are BAD.. Tried using apple earphones...still the music quality is AVG...loudspeaker volume is low and poor quality sound come out from it. VIDEOS on YOUTUBE app are playing in very bad quality. Other videos play superbly (like movies stored on memory card are played brilliantly) Dont know why Youtube videos are playing that bad. A big big let down. Maybe a new software update from micromax will rectify this, fingers crossed Camera is decent. Not bad Havent played games as im not an avid gamer. If u have any other queries write to me raghu1735@gmail.com The negative things apart, the touch screen and zero lag performance are absolutely stunning. Very much satisfied with the phone because of that :) Also the MediaTek chipset in this mobile is of a newer generation. That is the secret behind the superb lag free performace. Overall rating is 3.5/5
I have been using this phone for Over a month and really satisfied with the performance. Pros: 1) Looks good (It is a very slim phone and easy to carry in your hand). 2) Quad Core processor makes you feel really good as the processing is very fast (If you had experience with Dual core, you will really feel the difference!!) 3) Camera is Quality in both Day light and night is good (8 MP camera) 4) You don't need to worry about the Built in space as it is 4 GB 5) 1 GB RAM is making things faster. 6) The touch is really fast responsive. Most of my friends who are using the other brands are impressed! Cons: 1) Battery could have been better (It is 2000mAH, coming for a day with heavy use. Good amount of calls, Browsing and games) But very few phones have the better battery. So its ok battery wise. Simply it is one of the Best that micromax produce in the canvas series. More than worth each penny spent. Some of my colleagues have already bought this :) after looking at this with me. Thanks!
Micromax Mobile = Defective = Waste of "Money" = Waste of "TIME" = Cause to Frustration = Leads to NO peace of "MIND" = "10K hard earned bucks = Nothing but "ASH" 1) The piece i bought was good for the initial 2 months and started showing its real Face from month 3 (bought on 5th June) It gets switched off on its own, The mobile hangs on its own. Hangs on apps installation.. Generally every one takes control of their mobile but in the case of MMX it takes you into its control..... 2) Took it to MMX authorised Service centre - They said mobile software needs to be updated - They have done something gave it and the same is the issue after reaching home the same day... Again gave back to service centre people ans they took mobile saying that it needs to be kept under observation for 15 days, 15 days completed - Called service centre - they responded like - because of the festive season they still need 1week.. ok.. 1 week completed called service centre again - They replied that the device was sent to bangalore for some parts replacement and need another 4 days. Ok called after another 4 days went to service centre and he boasted that parts have been changes and mobile works fine - After reaching home Same is the issue again - HOLY CRAPPP...!!! Some one in a position like this feels like they had made a big mistake.. Revolving around the service centres.. Follow up.. God knows what the service centre people does..!! Tired and got sick of these service centres.. I dont know what to do now..! 3)Though flipkarts delivery was good and as assured, Got fed-up with its price games and manipulations - bought @ 9,775 current price being 7,939 - Readers of this review decide - Is it fair? Dont u feel u lost 2k buks just like that..? Moral I have learnt : Dont get lured by specs - All your pennies are hard earned - Ensure that your every penny is worth investing it - Go for Good brands though few bucks extra u derive peace of mind and happiness.. MMX has put me down.. Lost Faith..!!!
flipkart say micro sim ,but also working normal sim card,its an awsome phone its camera quality is to good,but some time when subject is moving camera quality different
BASIC review pros camera quality 8.5/10 build quality 8.5/10 gaming 9/10 internet browsing 9/10 basic phone function 8/10 i would like to tell you that when one of my friend saw my phone white colour one he immediately sold his galaxy grand phone for 11000 and bought this at 10500 TECHIE STUFF well i am a techie guy so benchmark scores matter for me because the better they are more fluent your phone will be in gaming and multi tasking and believe me guys this is the phone having maximum benchmark score in all canvas series antutu-17340 quadrant-6002 nenamark-58.3 vellamo-546 2008 SO GO FOR THIS DEVICE BLINDLY U WILL NEVER REGRET
Dear flipkart please change your price for this canvas 2.2 under 10 k . In retail market its available at best buy 9950/- only.
This is an awesome phone from micromax.It can play all high end games like nova 3,asphalt 8,dead trigger 2 without any lags frame rate drops.Camera is very good but the front camera is average.Screen quality is very good. Negligible color distortion when viewed from different angles due to qhd display.Speaker quality though not very loud but ok and sound quality is very good. Overall a very good phone.Bought this phone in Kolkata at Rs10,850.
the seller has been cancelled my order because the next day he rises up the price. I ordered this mobile at the price of 10500 and next day the seller rises the price of 12500 and cancelled my order. this seller does not have the honesty he only want to gain more and more. it is the worst seller at the flipkart. don't buy from him buy from another online shop or from any local store the mobile is been shelled of 10500 only this seller is making fool to all. don't waste your money buy it only real price
took this mobile after thorough research on net, but the mobile is not upto the mark. the ringer of the pone doesnot function properly, even on outdoor it rarely rings, most of the time the ringer is silent even on outdoor nand general(even after raising the sound to full). i miss most of the calls bcz of this. and also the screen goes off in between work n doesnot come fack for few minutes. a defective piece/ defective technology???? i have requested flipkart for replacement as there is no option for return ( the option is not working). Lets hope my money is not wasted.
I bought this mobile 10 days back from local shopkeeper for 11000/- Day after I realized that battery is charging suddenly like it gains battery by 20% to 35% or so in just 4-5 mins. I was little surprised hows this could be possible. By observing I saw it charged mobile to 99% in 25-30 minutes.. I smell rat at that time. Thoroughly observed mobile, then realized that mobile has defect, on 2G connection battery was dying with 1% per minute which was over frustration limit. Because I dont had time to go in service center, i went on weekend which was 8th day after purchase and they simply refused to make that mobile return with another piece. In that fight I kept mobile in service center for troubleshooting for a week & they replaced battery saying it has battery problem. Even after replacing with new battery I encountered same problem. Battery dies in 2-3 hours on 2G connection, god knows what would have happened if I was using 3G. I'm fighting over email with Micromax and they say that they need to replace motherboard of mobile which will take 20-25 days. You can imagine how pathetic service is this. I would recommend you friends that atleast dont try to buy this mobile as I saw similar 3 cases in service center luckily in front of me & that time I started regretting over my choice.
Bought this phone day before yesterday. Impressed with the size. its smooth black and provides an elegant look. The processor is very fast. Memory card was not provided within the pack and there are no freebies. The phablet is a giant in the hand and has an exceptionally good battery life! I have the black color. It sports an 8 mp camera which is very good. Upon zooming, you can even see the bruises of your face ;) Jokes apart, very good phablet and an awesome buy. Go for it! By the way, flipkart should correct that normal sim gets fitted in this (please correct me if i am wrong). AFAI remember, it uses normal sim and not mini sim!
the most worst company in indian mobile market is MICROMAX.. plz dont go for it plz. its faltu faltu. i bought it from outside store. i used it for 6 months but after this it got out of order on 13th sep. i gave mobile to service station they send the same to company saying that bord is gone.... i got my mobile on 2 nov. 2014 and it stop working after 5hrs . when i visisted to service centre they said its the issue of a board... stongly recommending not to go for this.....
Very Poor Phone and very poor service by Micromax. My phone is lying in the service center for past 1 week and no action has taken place.
I bought the product on online, as there was a problem in that mobile so i had to go to micromax service center and they have told me to send it back. And I sent back the phone and got a new one. They have replaced the phone. Now the phone is broken. Cheers !!!
I have brought this phone from most trusted outlet in chennai. Micromax Products are not of same quality when it comes to every phone. Phone which i brought was opened in front of me and every thing looked fine. But after a week, Battery started Draining so rapidly that even 7 talk time was BULLSHIT .... though i had another basic phone for calling i used 3G and Apps in this mobile. I went to the outlet they said since one week is finished there will be NO REPLACEMENT but they can provide service for it and they did nothing for that. few weeks later BATTERY started SWELLING that i was obviously visible over the back cover and cover started to POP OUT. OMG...... now i have to buy new battery for this phone All reviews and ratings are just a marketing TRICK . MICROMAX CANNOT PROVIDE MOBILE WHICH YOU CAN BUY BLINDLY WITH TRUST LIKE SAMSUNG AND SONY (as per quality) Better go for sum other mobile in this range
You can say this review is biased because I am a Micromax fan, but it truly is an appreciable brand. I am using a Canvas 2 plus since over 18 months & I had gifted this phone(Canvas 2.2) to my dad on his birthday. Trust me it's a pretty good phone..Doesn't lag, camera is good and can play big games as well(e.g. FIFA 14) Battery issues are present in every Android phone so there's nothing to complain there..
Dont buy these phone. Its an out dated phone go for yureka or xiomi phone. The operating system is 4.2 jelly bean. And the battery backup is too bad.
THE HANDSET IS AWESOME!! So lets start with pros:- 1.) The best thing about this phone is performence. It has a 1.3 GHz mediatek mt6582m quad core chipset with mali-400mp. It's antutu( a benchmarking platform) score is over 17000 which is higher than all other micromax devices and even better than phones like HTC one x, Samsung s3,nexus4. 2.)The 5" screen is amazing Although it is not having hd resolution but still the colour reproduction is amazing and natural plus the viewing angles are also great. 3.)looks-- although micromax is not very famous for looks but I find this one looking better than other micromax phones. A word of advice if you buy off internet by the white one because you may think that the black one may look better because that is what I thought but when the shopkeeper showed me both I chose the white one as it looked better. 4.)form factor-- this phone has a great form factor it is built in such a way that it is very handy. This is by far the most handy 5 inch phone that I have used. 5.)camera-- only idiots say things like 8mp micromax Camera equals 5mp Samsung camera. This is absolute Bullshit I have used both 8mp Camera phones and picture quality is equal and hence you can only not like camera if you want 12-13mp for which you have to shell more money Neither pros nor cons:- 1.) battery on all android phone socks off you have an android phone you will have to charge it everyday so this can't be counted as this device's con 2.)540p resolution I don't consider this as a con because there is no noticeable difference with a 720p screen The only con--when you charge your phone it won't go beyond 99% no matter what but if you switch the phone after some time say about leaving it on charge for 20 minutes after it shows 99% then on disconnecting it will show it is charged. There is no problem with the battery it is just a software issue and can be ignored So my verdict is that grab the phone a as soon as you can and don't forget to rate my review as useful if you found it so
Forget clash of clans gems hacks. Better visit http://clashofclanshelper.com/ and its great! You receive your Clash of Clans gems instantly!!! Amazing! (B5CpiEqa8E)
guys its really a great mobile, micromax beats all the company in the mobile world. surely go for it. but really telling guys all the mobile in micromax comes just for 8 months or less. i used, micromax canvas 2 a110 and micromas canvas magnus and canvas plus. true guys all the mobile comes just for 8 months. i cant tolerate it. i invested my savings very carefully in the micromax but it beterayed me. u can believe any other brand even u can go for korean. at the beginning it was awesome. but later it shown its real colour. i am writing this review of very hurt due to the micromax. all my savings got wasted. and the cheap micromax service centre took 25 days to repair the mobile ("the problem is display went dead while watching video in 70% display brightness), while getting the mobile return fromn the service centre, my camera went non zoomable, again i gave it to service and again they returned after 15 days, later my volume button went dead, but i forgot to check it while getting return after the service.. so the issue keeps on increasing.its really waste of money and time. i lost hope on micromax. i usually recommend all the mobile to everyone in my office, nearly 15 colleagues bought micromax for my words and they all suffer now, i stopped recommending the garbage. now moto and all other uncomparable to micromax, and they all now makes my recommendation back. after few months all started to ask recommendation from me for mobile. and all mobile i buy through flipkart alone for all the students and staffs. so u never go for micromax, better throw your money in gutter. buy any other negative rated mobile too, surely they wont hurt u this much. it ruined my day. i hate micromax
all the features are good only that problem is with its ear phone buy u have to buy a new earphone .this is the like the mark of micromax phone that it comes with very low manufactured earphone in its every phone .
phone restart automatically when turn on wify sometime so request for return, except this the product is good.
well i reaserched for a month almost before buying this phone.. firstly thanks to flipkart for delivering it in just 2 days in my home city patna.. Well i am using this phone for a month or while.. I am really impressed by the processor... it hadn't lagged till now. It can run all the hd games like nova 3, gta san andreas, modern combat.. camera quality also fine in this price range. better than galaxy core and other parallel devices in this range.. micromax had done very well job... i loved it.. Dont think just go for it..!! blindly!!
i bought this hand set june ,2014,via flipcart, its working very good, i m using this hand set since june , there is no issue arise till , only little head jack problem arises, it repaired by micromax service centre. otherwise i would like to give 5 rating to this set.. pros... 1.good looking 2. slim set 3.look like expensive set,processor is good cons.. battery back up is not good...nd there is no torch... And MICROMAX AFTER SALES SERVICE ARE VERY VERY BAD,, CUSTOMER SERVICE CENTER EMPLOYEES DONT KNOW HOW TO BEHAVE WITH CUSTOMER... DEALING WITH CUSTERMER IS VERY VERY BAD....TAKING 10 DAYS FOR A MINOR PROBLEM IS VERY BAD
bought this phone from flip kart nice delivery am happy So lets start with pros:- 1.) The best thing about this phone is performence. It has a 1.3 GHz mediatek mt6582m quad core chipset with mali-400mp. It's antutu( a benchmarking platform) score is over 17000 which is higher than all other micromax devices and even better than phones like HTC one x, Samsung s3,nexus4. 2.)The 5" screen is amazing Although it is not having hd resolution but still the colour reproduction is amazing
fliipkart service was awesome. mobile was intial working good but after sometime there are so many problems comes out and when i take it to service center, i think i did biggest mistake of my life. 2 months passed they always saying just 10 days .... when i finally got my mobile . my mobile was in same condition there is nothing change in it and they have again taken my mobile, and i still waiting for my mobile......
After a month of full use(dual SIM Pro: 1: Good looking(Black is good as compared to White) 2: 1.5 GB for app installation 3: No heating 4:Front camera is Good 5:No hanging or other problem 6:Five(5") inch but easly carriable. 7:OTG works. 8: Video playback quality is excellent(play .mkv and 1080p HD video with delay or freeze) 9: Touch is like butter 10: Navigation and GPS is excellent Cons 1: 8MP camera is not as good as 5 Mp Nokia camera(Need a lot of work micromax) 2:No compass 3: Battery life is OK not excellent. 4:Only one SIM 3G. 5:No standyby SIM operation 6: Some time Subway Surf & Tample Run game freezes for a while. Over all it a best phone in price range 8200. Go for if without doubt.
i have purchased micromax canvas 2.2 for rs.9000 from flipkart in the month of june. for the first one month i found worths the amount. but now i don't know what is gonig on with my mobile. 2 days back, while i was playing vector game in my mobile, suddenly it got switched off. i tried to fix this but failed. after 5-6 hours it got switched on. and when i made a call, it again got switched off in the middle of my phone call. never trust micromax. its a humble request to u guys, who desire to buy a micromax product.
After almost 1 month of Research on all the 10K Budget phones I bought this one... So far so good.... At the Price Range of 8.4 K I truely had doubt with which phones to buy... 1. Canvas 2.2 2. Unite2 3. Moto G 4. Canvas 2 Colors 5. Canvas Elanza 6. Gionee M2 Unite 2 has everything as 2.2 just the Display is not so good and camera a bit lesser side, but it has Kitkat Gionee has almost everything like 2.2 + tremendous battery, but it is bulky Moto G is just Hype Elanza and Colors has known heating problems, else they are almost same as 2.2 with this points I chose 2.2. PROs: 1. Price 8.4K 2. Touch Screen super responsive 3. Camera is extremely good specialy It records awesome HD videos 4. Memory is good @ 1GB RAM 5. All high end games play without LAG 6. Initially battery Backup was worst. It was dropping 1% in 2 mins, later when I changed the brightness the battery backup shot up drastically... Also after installing a good Battery App(DU Battery Saver) now it gives me 2 days backup with moderate usage of 3G and browsing. 7. Tested by the market. And it is real good CONs: 1. While recording a background noise always gets recorded. Though I know this is device specific... In my Friends 2.2 this is very less.. 2. With Full brightness Battery Drains real fast 3. Old Android 3.2 Jelly Bean 4. Last but not the least... "INFAMOUS MICROMAX CUSTOMER SERVICE"... Micromax phones are gem till it is not down... Once it is down, consider it is gone... Overall... go for it guys, if you are getting this around 8.4 K The prices goes ups and down for this phone... Highest I have seen 11.2K and Lowest at 8.2K
Working Good so far.... Product delivered by Flipkart on time... Value for money... processor speed is good. Camera Ok... Flash Ok... Speed good... Clarity good...
i AM USING THIS PRODUCT FOR 2 months an till now no issues found best camera/os if u are planning to buy a mobile under 9k u can opt for it best thing getting kitkat os according to mmxnewscaster sorry for my bad english
Review after 3 months of usage... Good camera/ Touch is good/ Decent battery back-up/ Value for Money However the speaker quality is bad.. Overall nice phone from Indian Mobile company - 4.5 Rating
Pros: 1.10K budget 2.Design look good 3.expandable memory Cons: 1.Volume is very low 2.Loudspeaker is also low.
its been only two months and the phone is not responding to charging.other product description is good ,but service wise i am not satisfied with micro max.
Value For Money Phone from an Indian Maker. Must Buy Pros: Display Quality Voice Quality Touch Screen Build Quality Cons: Camera (Not good)
I have personally used a lot of android based phone.. I got this phone for my 18th b'day.. Did a lot of research before settling on this phone.. All the pros an cons are mentioned by evry1.. But personally i feel if ur budget is 10k u shld go for it without any regrets.. The camera quality is not up to the mark.. Please do charge it for 5 hours BEFORE first use.. I didn't do it an the battery backup sucks now.. :P Its not HD but the phone is just 10k so u can't expect too much.. Awesome gaming experience btw.. If ur budget is 15k i recommend Moto G.. Having a lot of fun with A114 though.. :D
cell is good overall, good quality of 8 megapixel camera, video camera is hd & excellent quality, faster processor, no hanging, all apps work properly, touch screen is good, display is good, battery backup is average, gravity sensor is excellent, light sensor is not working properly in bright sun light ( sometimes) is not major issue. built quality is good, sufficient internal memory
go for this compare to micromax magnus a117 i use both cell a117 & a114 .....i purchage it (white) 9600 rs from flipkart . do not waste money 3000 in micromax a117 its camera & screen brightness is better than a117 purchage a117 3 month ago....& now a114....according to my experience go 4 this
i think the price is high.... 1.no compass for 3d maps 2.headsets are not good 3.back cover is of bad quality 4.screen is not scratch resistance
Guys i bought this phone online n been using it from last 20 days, look is impressive n initially it was working really cool as the product specifications describe this device but after few days its performance worsened. Games are working slow & hangs..while playing games like Subway surf game work with pauses, spoiling gaming exp. Also have issues with videos made from phone when shared recipient is not able to view video only audio is played. might be the issue may be in my phone but performance of 2.2 lags as per the features of the phone showing 1.3 GHZ quad core processor etc..
Trust me when I say this guys, micromax is not a shitty brand just because it is cheap. It ACTUALLY delivers. I had a samsung galaxy s4 mini(which I lost unfortunately) but I can definitely rate it as highly as I would have rated the s4 mini.(especially because it comes for half the price)
THE BEST BUY FOR THE PRICE I PAID, IT IS AS GOOD AS ANY BIG BRAND . I AM USING MICROMAX MOBILE FOR LAST FIVE YEARS AND I AM VERY HAPPY .
DON'T PURCHASE ANY MICROMAX PHONE .....i buy micromax canvas 2.2 a114 ,,after 12 days lot of problem occur in my phone like hang , like battery is very poor & other problem ,,,i deposit it in service center of micromax & now 3 month going on but still i m waiting for my phone ,,,no responce from customer care & no responce from service center ,,,,,,,,,,,,its a cheap company so my frnd don't waste money go for any other good company phone
I just ordered this mobile for my brother, this mobile is quite a handy one with a nice sleek look and a very fast processor. When I asked my brother about the performance of the mobile, he said that the mobile phone is awesome with a nice battery back-up. Also he said that the mobile processing is also very good. I would suggest those who were thinking about buying a mobile phone go for it. Also I have read lots of reviews where it was written about the mobile getting exploded. But that might be the case of people using chargers of some other mobile phones. Good mobile economic and handy....
I wont Talk about the specs as they are alredy mentioned....so ill talk about my one and a half months experience of this phone. 1.If u r a hardcore gamer this phone wont disappoint u at all. All games work with ease for eg. Real racing 3 ,asphalt 8 blood n glory :LEGEND n small games like subway surfers ,temple run 2,temple run OZ ,riptie gp 2 etc. 2.Display is quiet vivid n colourful not at all disappointing...but if u look carefully pixels are visible but only u stress ur eyes a lot. 3.Performance is AWESOME n MULTITASKS with EASE 4. Camrea is mind blowing ...video quality is really nice . 5 it scores 17000 on antutu becnhmarks which is more than Google Nexus 4 n juzz below Samsung S3. 6. If u wanna choose between this phone n moto g then ill tell u som differences a.this phone has a better camera , a bigger display, has a sd card slot which is missing in moto g, is a lot cheaper n most importantly service centres!!! b. but moto g has a better display , better processor a better in internal memoroy but PRICE is all that makes CANVAS 2.2 more diserable but absence of good brand name is a bit of a drawback .. BUT AT THIS PRICE RANGE .......THE PHONE IS JUZZZ PERFECT
I have been using this phone since last month ...My overall experience is very good pros: 1. No lag. The phone runs smooth (except if u are playing YouTube videos then while multitasking it lags a bit but otherwise it is very smooth ) 2. Screen quality is much better than Samsung s duos 3. Gaming experience is ultimate. It can run most of the HD games very smoothly. I have played lot of games like temple run 2, subway surfers, candy crush, FIFA 14, Asphalt 8, Frontline commando and all run smoothly. 4. proximity unlock feature is cool. Just wave your hand over the screen to unlock . 5. touch response is great. 6. 4Gb internal space but 1.42 GB is user available and can be extended upto 32GB. I use an 8GB micro sd card which works good for me . 7. Battery life is satisfactory . Since it is an android device so it is common with most of the devices so its not a big thing to worry about . Still for an average use it last for 12-15 Hrs which is not bad . 8. Large apps can be easily moved to external SD card so no issue with the memory. 9. Internet browsing experience is creamy . It loads quick in time . personally I liked that experience very good. I recommend using chrome browser for browsing. 10. Black color phone looks quite premium . 11. Build quality is quite nice. No issue with the build quality. 12. HD recording is surprisingly great for this device. 13. Bluetooth experience is very fast. You can also play songs on your laptop directly from your device without connecting it to laptop from any cable but with Bluetooth 14. Charger is in combination with the data cable. cons: 1. Camera Quality is satisfactory , not of high standards as compared to Nokia. Still images captured are clear with good colors. For camera lovers I won't recommend it. 2. Call Quality is very average. I disliked this the most in this phone . If it would be better I would have given 5 stars. Strictly not recommended to those who makes a lot of calls everyday. There is a lot of disturbance while on call as I can't here to the person on the other side of the phone whereas the receiver can listen to us clearly. I don't know whether it is a defect with my phone or its common with all such devices. 3. Loud speakers are not much loud. I can't listen clearly when I am out in public crowd. 4. While charging for even 2.5 hrs it only shows 99% charged but when i remove the charger it shows 100% charged but still the battery drops quite fast to 90% but later it falls very slowly and gives a descent battery life for a day . Not an issue 5. back cover is very glossy and looks very cool but it easily attracts finger prints . 6. 1.9 MP front camera is not so good while in home but outside it works fine for a video call 7. sound quality for playing songs and videos is quite loud but not much clear but still gives a descent output. 8. earphones provided are average. Makes a good sound but not like Samsung smartphones. Final conclusion : For 10K price If you are looking for a phone to buy then don't waste your time searching for Samsung , Sony, Nokia, blackberry . Just buy It And Make yourself happy. It beats all other supreme brands at this price tag.
Builtod phone....everything is fine from last two months I'm happy with this phone... Look 5/5 Battery 3/5 Performance 5/5 Build quality 4/5
Bought the phone this week only..i'm writing the review on d basis of a few days only..till now micromax hasnt dissapointed me..the touch quality is great..battery life is satisfactory nd stays for a full day even if the internet is on..sound quality is decent though not that great..picture quality is also nice especially the hdr effect is a plus point :) 1.3 ghz quad core processor does it's job quite well..no lags and the performance of the phone is truly great ! The shiny look of the phone is also a plus point though it attracts finger prints :) Coming to the service of flipkart..as usual the item was delivered on time and great service :) Happy with my micromax canvas 2.2 :) I would highly recommend to buy this phone if your budget is around 10000..dont go for samsung in that case as you will get better features in micromax than that of samsung or any other company in that price.
CanvaRECOMMENDED is real value for money smartphone. After a lot of research i decided ti buy this phone. Before deciding on micomax i was a bit concerned due to low reliability on brand not because it is indian but just because poor service network a compared to established ser. Net. of intnational brands. But i seen my friend' s can 2 which he used for more than a yr & than gave it to his wife & bot can 4. Both working grt. And so i finally bot 2.2. It is really a grt performing phone. Touch is extremly good. UI is far more better than samsung & even xperia. Xperia c i exactly same specs. The only practical differenc is camera quality. Otherwise 2.2 is equally comparable or better than xperia c. Points i liked most: Apps can be moved to sd card Touch is very responsive Battery guves full day bakup Gesture control is good (i use it for screen unlock) Mi security is a nice built in app for ram cleaning Camera quality is mor than enuf for fb n watsapp Gamming is extremely smooth Dual sim management is much better than galaxy young Hd Video recording is brilliant UI is really nicely designed by micromax Tips: Back cover & flip covers easily avlable on e bay (may be not availanle in local stores) Charge battery till 100% (after 99% it takes a lot time to go till 100% but wait for it. An if u remove at 99 percent it will show full battery) A matt finish screen guard gives nice touch experience Install photo grid - very intresting app to play around with your pix Black color handset gives very premium look Back is very glossy n attracts finger prints so cn laminate the back and use a silicon back cover. Finally i wud say @ 10 k canvas 2.w is a steal deal . i have been using since a month and find it very satisfactory experience. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - CANVAS 2.2
I m purchase this pic(white model) end of jan & then i travel rajasthan take some good pic & HD video using micromax canvas 2.2 a114 Pros : 1.Processor - 1.3 GHz Quad Core makes it fast smartphone. 2.Perfect Gaming smartphone. 3.good camera compare with previous micromax product.& HD recording makes it strong mobile. 4. 5 inch qHD ips display with gorilla glass 2 make cool experience to watch movies 5. O.S- this device has Android 4.2.2 Jellybean and it runs perfectly making the use of this device even better. cons- 1.battery sucks. 2.less internal storage. Overall i can say this is best product after turbo,canvas HD & canvas 2, i can definately say this mobile better than under 20k range compare with grand & xperia c or m , if micromax improves battery backup & internal storage then canvas 2.2 a114 is baap of all
I bought this phone 5 days back from flipkart. I am only writing about the cons as lot of guys have already explained the pros. 1) if u r buying from flipkart watch out for the price fluctuations. I bought for 11199 ( black) after 2 days i saw the same model for 10124. So atleast monitor the price for couple of days and then go for a purchase. 2) front camera is not good . there is something wrong with the auto exposure of front cam . 3) speaker is not good . if increase volume of music above an average level we get a lot of cracking\popping sounds. 4)when the phone vibrates we get feeling like some thing is not properly tightened inside phone. 5) its a little big for our palm .so it will take sometime to get used to it. 6) i am not sure about this,sometimes i felt like bottem three touch buttons are not that responsive.especially the back button.
I have ordered for the Micromax Canvas A114 and the flipkart guys in no time delivered the product on the other day. I was bit disappointed with the manufacturing defect where I can detect a dead pixel in the screen. I asked them to replace the product and they simply carried my defective piece and handed over me the replacement set. I am happy with the service flipkart is providing. Talking about the phone micromax has left behind all the leading competitors. Trust me this is the most effective set you would be carrying.. Be it any application this handset breaks all the barriers and performs absolutely well. Embracing a 1.3 quad core processor with 4.2.2 jelly beans this set is phenomenal.
I have got this phone 2 weeks back. I would rate this phone high since it covers most of the wanted features in the modern times. In ways like technology, speed, storage and battery backup. Positives: 1. Touch is really good feel good to use 2. Phone is slim and light weight. 3. Very Good multi tasking experience 4. Gaming graphics are really good and no struck up 5. Customization good when compared to stock Android 6. Not feeling heat when charging the phone. I use flip cover which I purchased separately. 7. FM Recording / Call recording features available. 8. Video/Audio playback good. 9. Browsing experience is cool and clear and can zoom in and zoom out. 10. Auto power on / off and profiles are good features. Negatives: 1. Voice quality not clear 2. Battery dries fast during multi tasking of application or using net (Data/WiFi) 3. Camera quality is good but not superb. 4. Some widgets can't resize. Not sure this is because of Jelly Bean 5. No lock screen wallpaper can be set which we can in 2.3.6 andriod version.
Hello Guys I m Not a Expert In Writing Reviews But Its Based On My Personal Exprience:- PRO- PRICE- 10388 For Phone Like This Is Totally VFM Processor- 1.3Ghz Quad Which Is Lighting FAST Feature- Its Has All Features Which Was Present In Canvas 4 Like That Video Multi Tasking etc etc Gaming- I have Played Temple RUN OZ, Sub Way Suffer, And Temple Run 2 At Max Setting Does'nt Lag A Single Time Primary Camera- Which Is Good In Day Light As Well As Night With FLASH CONS- 2nd Camera Which Is Average But OK For Video Calling Verdict- If u Are Looking For A Phone For Personal Use Which Match Ur Expections Then I Would Recommended U to GET Micromax Canvas 2.2 But If u have Budget Of 13000+ Then MOTO G is Ur Weapon FOR ME its 4.5 (.5) beacuse Of Front Cam
Its my 1st comment for any phone. i m very much surprised by the performance of a114. i use the phone for reading purpose so my main criteria is always display/ppi, and internet speed. i m a big fan of htc. i had used many model of htc(hd blackstone,desire s, chacha, sensation and last was htc one xl).htc is best in class but this time i have some financial constraints due to some reason so i decided to purchase canvas 2.2 after having good analysis. i m satisfied with this phone becos of display and performance on internet.so for that it deserve 5 point but just becos of battery life i will give 4 star. in this price it is worth to purchase and for the best performance use yandex shell and uc browser.
The phone has wonderful specification like QHD display, 1GB ram , Quad core processor , 8 MP camera , fast battery charging, move apps to sd card and everything great. Cons: 1. Capturing video got noise in background its makes us disturbing 2. Battery gets drained very quick- lasts upto 1 day Micromax must concentrate about the cons.
Review on Filpkart service: This site is my first site from where i purchased online product and till day it is first in rank order for timely service and genuinity. For first timer please don't be worried this people are trustworthy.... Personal Note: Before review i will say some thing: Phones I have are Canvas 4(with my bro) Samsung mega5.8(with my bro), Canvas proHD( with Friend), Lenovo K900(With Me) and now for my Mom Canvas2.2. I won't compare but it really matches this phone at some or the other aspect , I would go and say it is winner in price section in comparing with them but also may other factor. This is written to show this phone is comparable to them. Canvas 2.2 Review: Pro: 1)First and foremost is the battery life! It is exceptional-1.5 day if just songs gaming and normal 10-15 call with text messaging. With 2g 1 full day with game call whatsapp, songs. 2) Price! - Well it decreasing price clearly show that Micromax is trying to gain back its user's trust after not so successfully launch of turbo and also canvas 4(not as hyped) 3) "Quad core processor" mind blowing! IT performance is solid. """"No lag"""" even if lots of applications are running in background 4)IPS display provides the crisp with color of 16.7. 5)Runs smoothly 1080p videos 6)Phone has no heating problem while heavy use. 7)High-end games like Asphalt 8 works like charm!!!!! (Only slight graphic is missed to be honest as it has just 220PPI) 8)Headphone sound is fantastic! 9)LED indicators for message , call and battery. 10)Flash with good light. 11)Built quality is solid and with nice coating on it. It is slim phone. 12)OMG! Dual sim...... Cons(not really): 1)The speaker at back is not very loud. 2)Camera for indoor use is not as good. 3)Does not come with flipcover and original Flipcover is not available. 4)Network may be a issue. Note: I wrote "Cons" but to be honest I am still finding from last 30 day a real "Con" and I am unable to do so..... Final Verdict: If your budget is 10k and you have still not purchased this beauty...Oopz that means you are doing a crime!!!!!!
Ordered the phone+1 year xtended warranty with normal delivery on 16 Jan(Thursday) and received on 19 Jan(Sunday).Good timely delivery. I wanted the phone for Android application testing . MMX going to launch android Kit Kat 4.4 update soon for this phone Now the PHONE You all know the specs as given above Processor Mediatek MT6582 1.3 Ghz quad with Gpu Mali-400M Folks this is latest processor by mediatek launched in Q4 2013 Ram available is 971 Mb out of which 705 Mb is free after installing basic apps like facebook, whats app , emails, skype etc etc. Phone is awesome no lag whatso ever... with around 38 apps+ games installed. Antutu= around 17500 Nenamark = 56.5 fps delight for GAMERS . Better score than Galaxy Note and MMX Turbo A250 My brother owns MMX turbo and after using both phones i noticed that Turbo has better display but its quite slower than my phone. Pros- - Very fast in normal usage like making a call, scrolling through music,contacts and also otherwise -Display is good inspite 900*550 resolution -4.2 jb android -no lags playing games like GTA, Frontline Commando, Subway surfer, temple run they all run like USAIN BOLT on this phone. -Camera is also excellent after doing some camera settings -Music quality in earphones is awesome.better then galaxy note -dual sim dual standby -touch sensitivity is very good -no issue in earpiece speaker like in MMX Magnus and Turbo Cons -Battery backup not good only last for 1 day with normal to heavy usage -headphones quality could be better no other cons just buy it and you will not regret......
i searched a lot of phones within 10 to 11 k. and im happy tht i bought micromax canvas 2.2 ! This phone is really mind blowing... super smooth processor.... screen clarity is awesome.....no pixilation no one would believe this is a micromax phone.... definitely an eye catcher.... u wont feel like putting the phone down... get a good matte finish screen gaurd and a flip cover...ur good to go... the only con music isnt that great through ears... but that could be easily improved by a good music player or a better earphone.....so other than that the phone is really worth the price...
what to say about this phone .... i mean i hv been using this phone since last 3 days .. and believe me this phone is such a precious thing in very low price pros:- big display .. IPS qhd very slim looks are really very awesome 1.3ghz quard core is such a big thing 1gb ram with 4gb rom makes the processor work very good response is very good ... camera is above average ... cons:- first of all vry less cons battery back up is average the rear panel of the phone has glossy finish that makes it finger prints magnet u need to charge ur phone twice in a day ... bt thats ok .. coz again we hv to consider the price of the phone so ill suggest u ... surely go for this product .... this phone is jst value for money .. :)
This is my second Micromax phone and i am quite impressed with overall packaging. The specs are good, performance is great. Battery is bit of concern and you need one charging cycle a day. I am surprised with the price mentioned here on flipkart as 14,999 whereas the official page of micromax list the price as 11,500 , Best buy in market is 10,650
You will feel the power of the technology as u power on the device. Super fast processor, Smooth touch, Average Plus Display (best in this price segment), Camera is not up to the mark but the features of the camera make it feel okay. The camera in night is just okay but in the day its awesome. You are capable to do full hd recording. 1 gb ram will never let you to close the back end processes. Capable of playing high end games. Have played asphalt, it is running very smooth. Overall a perfect punch from micromax to its competitors. Much Much better than the Samsung Grand costing over 18k and all others phones of international companies under 20k. Cons : Battery life is the one factor because of which I am not satisfied. You have to charge twice in 24 hours. But by installing battery saver apps like juice defender it can be increased by 25- 30 %. Over all a perfect phone.
Got this beast a week ago in 10500 from local shop. its smooth , fast and got amazing benchmarks. I was waiting for a good product from a month and was daily checking all the reviews on youtube for products under 11K. It is TOP in my list.. Go for it.. This is for Lakshmi and Rock : yes I moved my apps to SD card using Clear Master APP.
Hello, Bought this phone two days before. My new experience with new phablet is quite good. good phone under 12K. Pros: ~apperance looks good with smooth black cabinet. ~good battery life. ~processing speed is quite well, powered by 1.3Ghz quad-core ~touch screen well respond. Cons: ~despite of 8MP primary camera - photo quality is not up to the mark....Rest features rocks. Note: support normal SIM.
I purchased this mobile & it's best but i purchased it for 9750 rs and now it's just 8300 rs after 5 -6 days!!! This is really bad!
I brought this product from flipkart on 31 Jan and found that the vibrating device is missing. Unfortunately micromax has forgot to install a vibrating device. BUt still superb service by flipkart. They have just accepted my refund request and took the returned product from me..
Phone has damged during it's first year of warrnty period,There is some major error found in it's mother board.During charging time it's mal functioing,
i said don't buy..because of a very serious reason......if u want to know the reason search on google MICROMAX 2.2 EXPLOSION
This mobile came to me in good condition but has got some software issue, it flickers or gets hang or starts to open other applications without my intention/choice, then I go all the way and restart to stop this, then it works for couple of hours later same issue. I found this issue with almost all applications even while searching for contacts it forcefully gives me the options to call the person or send SMS which is annoying.
first of all i decided to buy this phone,now only i knows that it has only 1 gb of internal memory,camera is impressive and all other specs are good except this shitting internal memory
I have bought this phone 20 days back and still now I couldn't find any cons for this phone. Its really awesome. Performance is like a powerhouse. The android is not that much modified but a little bit. The UI is totally lag free, and the camera is pretty good also in low light conditions, there is almost no noise. Tough is smooth. Hardware is superb, antutu score above 17000, and user experience really proves that well. All games are playable in HIGHEST quality settings, but I run asphalt 8 in med settings as I want a buttery smooth xp. In short this phone is quite ready to handle anything you through at it, like nexus 5 which is the best phone till now. Really I have tested this phone neck t neck with a galaxy s4 and this gives better performance in UI(probably because of low mdification). But still it gives most of the features of galaxy s4 like hold to receive, flip 2 mute, video in mini window (even 1080p), face and voice recognitaion unlock, and they are not gimmicky in this device. I think only the built quality could have better even it has decent. This a slim device but plastic back is pretty glossy, I have a black one, and i would suggest one to buy the white one as that would attract less fingerprints.
The mobile sent to me was a used one. So many scratch found on the screen. Don't buy anything from this seller.
Ordered and got it within 3 days excellent service by flipkart as usual. About phone Display is nice touch is nice. very slim and attrctive design rich look..
Since last 6 months I am using this mobile without any complaint. Camera quality is also so good and their is no battery back up issue till now.
I have bought this set 2 months ago. It has very good speed, doesn't hang. It is good looking set. Good battery backup. Good camera and clearity. Very good for normal use. But the only problem is with battery backup when internet is used. Its works 5-7 hours while internet runs. Finally, in this range , to buy this set is not bad.
I have purchased lots of mobile from flipkart. But at this range this phone is awesome. Camera is gud. Video 1080p. Touch is Fine. Over all U should not hesitate to buy this phone. Go On
all features in a single piece ,its camera resolution is super,battery backup is very good,3g utility ,managing apps ,works good on load(running many apps,playing game,watching videos etc),i am and being experiencing good utility by this phone....i recommend u to purshase this mobile from flipkart at the best price range and good delivery with best packing... happy shopping
I advice all buyers not to go with any Micromax handset as they all are the same ,having same problems like sensors not working power on off button problems.....please please don`t buy any handset from them as they come with worst quality Hardware
Good purchase. Not regretting to buy this one earlier. Happy overall.Will recommend others too if you are planning to buy this one.
in between morning 7 o clock to evening 7 o'clock i have to put two times on charging so cant be able to make this value
This is my 2nd smart phone.... After 5 mnths of using this phone i write this review.... Just AWsm phone.....in low Price... I Have no problem with this phone. This Phone is a Monster just for Gamer....I also a professional gamer...i already Play many types of High End games in my PC.. but some games are not release For PC..but this games are also interesting.. So i Bought this mobile.. now i play Asphalt 8,Nova 3, Fifa 15,Modern Combat and many more.. and this games are smoothly play.. and its camera quality is very good...who told that its camera quality is bad they totally fool.. Call quality is soo goooooooodddddd.... just its headphone have some problem..that its cord is low quality so it damage in some month..and u need to go for exchange to service center..but if u use this in your home then it perfect for all..Head phone sound quality is just AWSM.. i use this for my PC.Believe me..its quality is too high for gamers.. you use this for any kind of games.. beat is awsm.. one thing that, only this phone's headphone is good... other micromax product's headphone are low quality with low quality sound..so if u thought that which headphone is good for all???just go for this headphone.. 1GB ram is enough for play any kind of Apps.. and which games i play in this phone this games are too high end games...so normal any apps play smoothly.. Shit!! how i forget this???????? Friends..any one did not tell this you....now i tell you that, This phone also support 4K-Ultra HD videos with good quality.. just update your MX Player.. and enjoy the Ultra HD videos... All Features are too good....i use this all features..It has also OTG support..and apps moves to external SD Card. Who face any problem with this phone,I just tell their that, electronic products may have some problem so it needs warranty...and they give us warranty.. so don't tell that this mobile is bad or it have many problem..i also use this phone and i have no any kind of problems.. just go for this mobile...enjoy ur life with this monster...I suggest to all to purchase this monster..
that was my 1st android phone. I have faced problem with its charging bt i have used its 30 days replacement policy.. nd that was great.... I have replaced with the new one.. best phone.. no hangs... and flipkart is also best shopping complex with a great care sales after service.
I have bought micromax canvas 2.2 A114 2 months back in flip kart. The screen is large and cool. camera is also good . And best for selfies than my old mobile(micromax bolt).
Its better to have 2 gsm slots even its micro sim.remaining features all are satisfactory when it has truthful.
Really this brand of micromax is good. I am using last 3 week and satisfied with this phone. But its my personal opinion if you want buy a phone please purchase only branded like HTC, Samsung, Apple,Google because the service center not available out side of country.
I am writing this review after 2 weeks of usage. I bought this from FK and their turn around time for delivery is simply superb...And my experience with the phone..VOW...you have everything (infact more than that) that you get in Samsung Neo 3 but in very low price... My verdict is if you like..just go with this..It really worthy..
this is very nice phone.and good battery ,nice camera ,display is very nice,so i use the phone every time best in my life.
amaz performance its simply superb n value for money nice camera but battery backup not good poor battery its run asphalt 8 simply without any hangs n stucks very very good sharp performance
Its just awesome phone i am using this phone from june 2014 its really awesome. Its camera and video recording is really amazing and it doesnt hang everytime. So my opinion just go for it
Please avoid to buy this product. I have received a faulty product and when i file a return request they directly rejected my request.
It is really a very excellent phone....its camera is good...is never hangs which is the most good feature....its screen is big nd it is very thin which looks very smart.....its memory is also good but u can add extra microsd if u need..it has expandable storage up to 32 gb...so overalll its an excellent phone..full usage of money
great phone for daily use and only draw back is andriod version is low and it pluse is low prise in flipkart
takecare of SAR VALUE before buying mobile phone...it may give more problem to us if we buy above the raiation level fixed by indian govet. 1.6 is the us level.
I purchased this handset in the second last week of December 2014 and am totally satisfied with the handset. This phone has an excellent camera which gives you clear pictures. LED Flash is not so effective at night but its ok. Performance wise the handset is excellent. I have never faced any hang problems yet. Gaming is also excellent in this phone. The only con is that if you are music addicted then to some extent this phone may disappoint you as the sound quality in earphone is not so good. In loudspeaker the music quality is good. Other attractive features of the phone are its sensors and touch response which is smooth and will give you the same feeling as of samsung, nokia handsets.. Overall this phone is one of the best products of micromax..
Camera isnt that great but it runs perfectly otherwise. Value for money. Bought it june 2014 for my father and he has not had any issues with it to date. So a perfect purchase as a basic smartphone for moderate use.
brought this product for Rs.6900. its a phone that has lot to offer. best audio feature ever experienced. high quality images nd videos can be displayed. complete HD videos can be recorded. a smart buy for people having budget of 7-8k.
Nice balanced product from Micromax, good build quality, but screen is a little dim and slightly sluggish in touch. However the product is stable and reliable even after 2 weeks of use as compared to other cheap phones which show signs of lag and other issues needing restarts.
it is really super more over battery backup .No need to bother about the phone we can use rough an togh
IT FULFILLED ALL MY REQUIREMENTS... 5 INCH SCREEN SIZE ANDDUAL SIM ETC... CAM FRONT AND REAR BOTH R GUD... I AM 100 PRCNT SATISFIED.....
i have purchased this product from thanks to ws retail only they deliver to my location and also in just 1.5 days now to the mobile phone when i opened the box found nothing extra like flip cover screen guard but for the price the phone was awsome here are some pros and cons
I have Purchased a 4 Months ago. Still it is working so Fast and reliable . People who are trying to buy a smart phone with lesser price can buy this phone with out any hesitation.
Within 5 months I had display and board problems and had to give it to service center. Definitely not a good choice if you are looking for "smart" phone, the phone is very problematic with many of the android application. Even the sound,picture quality,performance are inferior compared other phones in the same price range. May be a good phone just with a prepaid SIM and can be used as a mobile phones of earlier days, not as smart phone. Importantly, I had personally visited their service centers(there are very few around) and there were so many irate customers. To replace the board the service center said it will take 2 months initially, however this was done in 15 days. So the natural feeling is there are lot and lot of unsatisfied customers. There are rare chances that phone may be good too, however depends on luck. Micromax and Karbonn failed to maintain the quality consistently.
Camera is too good Very handy and stylish. Happy to own it. It has all the features of the costly phone, good for Indian
I got the phone on time and very much happy with that.. But i didn't get any Invoice bill in the box.. And its something feel bad on your services..
This is an very good phone from micromax at this price. all features are awesome. Iam using this for last 3 days. below are my experience. 1.Touch is very smooth and responsive. 2.Display is sharp and clear.(qHD: 960*540) 3. No lag, no hang, performance is very good ( 1.3 GHz Q.core processor+ 1GB Ram) 4. Music playback is loud enough and clear in speaker. With head phone sound clarity is average. 5. Video playback is good. easily playing HD videos without any prob. 6.Battery back up is good. 7.Camera quality is good in daylight. average with flash. Full HD recording is average. 8. 1.4GB memory for apps and 1 GB memory for user are inbuilt. also Apps can be moved to external SD card. 9. 5 point multi touch. 10. face unlock, gesture control, usb/bluetooth/wifi tethering, usB internet features are awsesome.
Drop it, you'll break it. changed it twice already, bought it few months back and for the rest of the characters ..................................
I bought this mobile before xiaomi was in market. that time this was one of the best budget smart phone available. its awsome. good picture quality. screen resolution is not so good. camera quality is good for daylight pictures. front cam is not so good thumbs down for its 5 mp front cam. flash works well. amazing video quality. performance is very good. can run counter strike and NFS effectively. without any lag. overall amazing product.
A mediocre phone. Camera quality is just average and the speed is okay type only. Considering the type of phones which can now be bought in Rs 8000 this phone is no more in competition.
For those who have an idea to bought a smart phone within the cost of Rs.8000........u made it as a first choice........only drawback is it has only 1Gb internal usage............
Its a gud product.. but yeah batt gets heated up.. I had issue in whatsapp but its cool now.. In so less price its a satisfied one.. Cant expect so lot too....
i have like the most with this product is ..... the data speed is awesome. and i have never seen with other products even at samsung ..
hello! i am using this mobile from 6th Jan 2015 and it is great and having nice look too. you must order
gave this phone to my brother. Initially it was heating a bit but that was fine.It is giving good performance. He is a gamer and installed many games including big games like FIFA and the performance is fine.
i highly recommend this phone ..as i bought this phone nd is full of features..it never hangs ...the phone is highly recommmended ..
i bought this mobile thinking that it is made in India...but there is nothing like made in india. It is made in china. batttery, handset internal body etc, made in china is written....But mobile is quiet good. i don not play heavy games, but it does not heat till now.
When I decided to buy a android phone to use whatsapp, facebook, gaming and browsing, I was determined not to replace my nokia asha which I am using for voice calls. So I was only looking for a phone to use for the other purposes. Accordingly I identified my priorities that the phone should have a good and large display, sufficient processing and memory capabilities and price should be around 6000. I was considering huweai honor holly and remi 1s. But I was in a dilemma. Suddenly I noticed a price drop for the micromax canvas 2.2 a114. From 7350, it dropped to 6500. A phone which was not under my consideration, unexpectedly entered into my choice list. I went through hundreds of user reviews and several youtube reviews. All were positive. Interestingly they have written their reviews when the model was sold for over 10000. So buying it for 6500 was a easy decision for me. But I was still a bit apprehensive about the brand micromax. Finally received it last week. With lot of hesitation, I started using the mobile after installing few games and activating 3g. Now my feeling about it is "Oh my god! such a great mobile for the money I paid". Simply awesome. I am impressed for the following reasons 1. Price Rs 6500 2. Amazing display though it has only qhd, now I feel that for a 5 inch screen size, HD would be unnecessary. May be for 5.5 or above hd would be useful. 3. No lag for any operation, whether it is for gaming or browsing or menu selections, it is simply flawless 4. Sleek and weightless 5. Good viewing angles 6. Availability of accessories Now some of the issues which are not so impressive: 1. Phone looks fragile, without proper flip cover it is risky to handle the phone 2. Battery is neither too good nor too bad, just average 3. Audio quality on the speaker as well as on the head phone is also average 4. Glassy back cover easily attracts finger prints and dust 5. No kitkat update so far But I have already ordered for a good flip cover. So the 1st and 4 th points are solved. Since I have my nokia asha for making calls, I don't have to bother about the battery back up. Even the audio is not important for me. Overall I am satisfied that I bought mobile at 6500 which met my expectations. Now the price has dropped even on flipkart. So if your planning to buy a phone around 6500, go for it.
canvas 2.2 i am using it sine 6 month this phone is working good candition . only the problem is this phone sound quality is vry bad . other wise evrything is ok this phone. and flipkart pakag is good ..
As usual Micromax gets good specs packed in a nice budget. Battery life is good. Cell reception and 3G are good too.
A big thanks to flipkart their service is exceptional .. let me tell u this phone 100 times better then moto e or huewaie jolly .. the phone outstanding features and best part is lot of free ram (750 mb ) on boot which is good .. the phone is very smooth with exceptional camera .. however the charger was a bit faulty but not a big issue only built problem. overall my experience was awesome , delivery was super fast . THANKS flipkart :)
good very good.......................................................................................................................................................................................
though the smart phone features are good and has no lag in working but the main feature of a phone to call is very bad as voice clarity is very poor(1/5) and ability to catch signal is also very poor (2/5). The hearing speaker got spoilt . overall-(2.5/5).
Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 - a product to be purchased with out any hesitation. Thanks to Flipkart and thanks to Micromax.This product was gifted to my daughter and she was very happy to see the configuration which is matching to the product specification. I think with this budget, we shouldn't expect more. If you compare with similar product the price and look , both are elegant. So Just go for it without hesitation. A class product from Micromax.
This is the good phone under 10K. After 5 months usage didn't face any problem. Cons Front camera quality is very bad
Very smooth, and great phone. I think Micromax is doing really well in smartphones :) Flipkart delivery never stops to make users happy.
Best available Phone in this range , it has everything in it which required. Most important Camera with excellent picture quality including 2 mp front camera for great selfie :D, good battery, clear display, 1.3GHz qaud core processor which makes performance great, great sound, GO GRAB IT GUYS
Hii. i am recently purchased micromax A114. But i faced a problem regarding sleep mode its automatically even adjusting went to 15 seconds sleep mode. so please give suggestion so i adjust sleep mode to maximum.
Have been using Canvas A114 since buying it from Flipkart in July 2014, and am very satisfied with it. .Briefly speaking: Pros: 1.Good display, LED-notification light, decent camera with flash. 2.No lag ( I move apps to SD card wherever possible, and my free-memory (RAM) with apps running is never less than 400-500MB). Hung and restarted on its own, only twice in these 5-6 months. 3.Pre Loaded apps can be removed / disabled without any adverse hang-ups. 4.Decent battery backup (30-36 hours) unless I use 3g heavily in automatic refreshing sites like moneycontrol or mobile trading apps. Cons: 1.Had an unbelievable experience once- the phone had been put on charger, and two numbers from my contacts got dialed on their own. (it wasn't the usual kids stuff as he was at school, and I only came to know of it when i received call-backs from those two persons). I expected either some app or OS-malfunction. So i removed some preloaded apps immediately- Spuul, hike, dancing bubbles, bubbleX slice, Milive, MiLife etc which i considered useless for me. NEVER experienced it again consequent to it. 2.BEWARE that it has mobile tracker, and so sends sms to a fixed number everytime the browser is connected UNLESS YOU CHANGE THE HOMEPAGE. I only came to know of it when i saw some 100-odd rupees in sms charges in my postpaid-bill. NEVER experienced it again once I changed the default micromax homepage that came perloaded. 3.Hope and pray that you are not amongst those 2-3% people who get the defective piece (I call it the Made-in-China risk) My brother has been using it for last two years, and only spent 200-odd rupees during this time once when the microphone got bad. So, I am thinking of buying third one in my family, rather than going for cheaper but untried & yet-to-be-tested RedMi or ASUS phones. PRATIMA
I am using this phone since last 9 months without any problems. Only words to say " Just buy it. Its Awesome"....
The phone has good features. But the problem is with its internal memory. It has an internal memory of only 0.99gb! No Info was given bout the memory in the description. And bcoz of this I'm not very happy
got this phone for my sister who is a first time android user....not very happening but what else can you expect at this price...overall a nice buy
this is good product for low ranges phone. flipkart delivered this mobile within 3 days. AWESOME. Video quality is very good. Lots of app already downloaded which makes this product awesome. Battery backup is above average but is due to its big screen size. Micromax canvas 2.2 A114 is such a nice product to use.
Compare to my Galaxy S4 mini GTI9192 this is really good phone. you get more in less price. one should try this. Micromax is really good compare to Samsung
1)Great camera, never hangs, really good battery life is very good in memory and all. It is a great buy better than Samsung and Nokia much faster 2. i have purchased this product from thanks to ws retail only they deliver to my location and also in just 4 days now to the mobile phone when i opened the box found nothing extra like flip cover screen guard but for the price the phone was awsome here are some pros and cons 2.)The 5" screen is amazing Although it is not having hd resolution but still the colour reproduction is amazing and  (Expand)
After few days of use, the touch screen failed. Quality is very poor and my suggestion is that do no go for Micromax brand again since you do not know when it will fail.
Using a114 from 1yr...had nice experience...It's always better to review a product you have personally experienced.
First time i used Micromax. but i will never use again. there are lost of problems in phone like hanging as usual as any company. But the main problem i suffered that i have lost my display setting in this phone. before 2 months ago i buy it from flipkart. but now a days rate difference is 2000 amazing.
I have been using this from three month. I haven't found any cons about this. It is totally worth the money. Thanks to flipkart for delivering my order on time.
Amazing product with this price of 10k... Speed of processor is amazing. Only camera quality is little poor. HD Picture clarity is superb.
I bought it 4m flpkrt n thnks 2 flpkrt 4 delivrng ds prdct within 3 days............. d ph. is really gd having a stylish look fits d hand well............ rear cam is nt dat bad as othrs told......... qhd resolutn looks quite good .......... viewing angles are quite good............. tried gms lyk temple run , subway surfer n others n dey wrk well.............. pre-installed kingston documnt n othr apps are quite gd..............quad core processor helps d ph. wrk bttr........... bt only cncrn is d battery bt dats a cncrn 4 all android phs. overall it,s a nyc ph. in 7422..........
This Phone is awesome. The screen is very good and very responsive.Camera is good but little bit poor when looked in large screen (pc) . battery is acceptable. Storage is only of about 1.21 gb. Cost is very worthy.Flash is Bright.Sound quality is also impressive. Never seen a lag in mobile. Gestures are amazing.. However at this price,,surely no other smartphone can beat this mobile. GO FOR IT...
Most people look for high number of features within low price. This one delivers that. The price is exact for the kind of phone it is. I am highly satisfied. Thank you Micromax....
every one buy this i feel no problem here,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
A Great Product,Best Features and minor Cons ....!!!! i have purchased this product from thanks to ws retail only they deliver to my location and also in just 1.5 days now to the mobile phone when i opened the box found nothing extra like flip cover screen guard but for the price the phone was awsome here are some pros and cons
I purchased Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 in March-14 from flipkart but unfortunately i got faulty within a month of purchase. I give it to authorized service center and get back after 15 days after repair. The phone again gone faulty after 2 month (same eproblem of charging). It is very unfortunate to say that even after passes of 1 and half month, service center could not repair it due to unavailability of parts. so I will not recommend to purchase Micromax product if you don't want to be harassed by poor service of Micromax.
Do not buy this phone. Battery drains fast when using 3G. Also, internal memory for installing apps is only 1.5 GB. This means you cannot install many apps.
Hi, If you aren't looking for something flashy then this phone is for you. Camera is awesome. Just a bit low on battery.
When I bought this phone it was cheaper. The prices increased the very next day. I was lucky enough to get this gadget for what I paid then. Good battery, smooth touch, feels strong built.
The mobile received through flip kart. Excellent service. Phone features also good. But from 3 rd day onwards, I am unable to hear the voice in normal call. I need to put speaker and speak. Very frustated for this purchase. Flip kart need to verify their suppliers are selling the new phone. Simply they should not put in adv..
It is a best video quality phone. Equivalent to samsung Note 2 quality. display is nice. touch sensitivity is good. Operating system is good. screen size is nice Sound is a little low as compared to note 2. But its eqully gr8 on headphones.
After using it for 3 months I finally concluded that It's a good product to purchase. Works well and the only small problem is that the voice of speakers is low and some time in crowed or in a small noise like TV, it is hard to talk on mobile. Ultimately 4 STAR product...!!!
Nice product. I recommend to buy it. I found no problem. Internet is running very fast. Display clarity is very good.
I brought Micromax Canvas A114 before 4 months, Its awesome and i used fr more 6 to 7 hours of playing games, NO HANGS and NO LAGS.I would recommened this phone at this price...................................
Mmx 114 is great buy . I bought it at 7,997/- and its worth it.. this is my third MmX 114 ,first two I gifted to my dear ones. pro : good performance, good display, support high end games, call quality , smart gesture , nice viewing angles not so great as compared to Amoled screen but good ,no lags unless use it very heavily. cons : very cheap back panel , headsets in the box , battery must be atleast 2500 mah.,
Nearly about Rs. 8000/- no other company gives like Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 features. Operating, Touch, Sound very good. Both SIM's support 3G so very useful it. It has External USB support. Also we can select Default Memory Storage INTERNAL SD CARD OR EXTERNAL SD CARD, this feature is not available in SAMSUNG GRAND 2 OR ANY SAMSUNG MOBILE.
excellent speed.... superb camera quality.... totaly... worth for money.....................................................................................................
This product is faulty. After 8 months of purchase i am facing network issue on this cell. It is not able to capture the network. One should not buy this product.
my brother has an nice experience wit this phone n now i m ready to buy it ..........................................................................................................................................................................................
Awesome Mobile at Awesome Price. This mobile is best for special occasion Really Like Flipkart Delivery Service.
It has been 2 months since I have been using this phone. The looks and the built quality is good. Though my usage is minimal still i feel battery backup has deteriorated over the time. Also this phone often hangs up even while opening the gallery. Camera is good but can't be compared to samsung and other high up brands. The operating system is a bit obsolete these days but this phone is good for any person having normal usage. Not recommended for youth wanting to go for high performance phones else its a value for money product.
You want a basic android phone? This will serve you purpose. No best in class but a good competitor. Go for Moto G2 for better value.
This is the best way to support the indian market with good goods available in the market ie micromax canvas which has all the features at a very std rate at flipkark .this is also better than knight which has got only one sim or sd working.......get and try............
Canvas 2.2 A114 is a giant performer. Quad core processor, 1gb RAM, QHD display, 8MP descent camera , good form factor, slim and handy..It is not a 10k phone. By performance it is comparable to grand 2 and sony experia c. I am using it from last 1 year it is butterly fast. Low internal memory and low speaker side volume are nly two main drawbacks of this mobile but apps can be moved to sd card by ease so no problem & good quality headset can resolve your probs. overall i am satisfied by its performance. on ANTUTU Score it is just below of samsung gs3 so a gr8 phone. go for it from FLIPCART and enjoy. u can enjoy more by rooting the phone and installing some gr8 apps.
Micromax has launched very good phone with Full HD Quality Video Recording, 8 MP camera with night mode auto focus, 1 GB RAM at Rs. 8098/ Only.....
Hi I want to know tthe exact simtype of A114 micromax, is it a micro sim mobile or nanosim mobile?
I brought Micromax canvas 2.2 black in aug @ very smart price 8136 Rs and blv me this best deal, ever had for mobile. I thought they given camera as 8 MP and HD recording but it wont be that good but to my surprise on both front it exceeds my expectation specially the video quality. Go for it . Battry back is good . it hanged only once in last 2 months
Believe. This is good to have 30 day's safe warranty from flipkart. Smooth app running that other same price devices. But camera quality is average.
It is a nice mobile. Gets charges in less than 1 hour 30 minutes. Touch screen is quite soft. Yet to use internet on this.
Delivery on time. Satisfied in terms of internal hardware, display could have been better. In this value segment one of the best no doubt about that.
i Recommended 100% Best mobile V v Good & nice product & Slime , 1 GB Ram . Camera not bad & Battery life Avarge
Phone is good. All features are good. camera-good. touch - good. pic quality-good Only battery drains little first.
I have been using this phone from last 6 months now (purchased in April'14). Phone looks good.. give a good feel in hands. I haven't found any lag in the performance of the phone yet. Played lot of games like Asphalt / FIFA which requires high performance, without any performance issue. Camera quality is not so good (especially in dark). Battery performance is good so far... with the intense usage, it runs for around 8-9 hours.. for normal use.. around 13 hours.. If you are purchasing it now.. I suggest you to go for REDMI 1s (using it, better phone with less price)..
Guys awesome product....specially for those who looking for good camera and video quality its..H.D...hd support gives u great experience to watch movies videos....buy from flip-kart, m sure u will defiantly save 1000 to 1500 bugs
This is awesome. You cannot get better than this one. 1.3ghz quad core processor let you handle your apps smoothly. All the application can be moved to sd card. Wifi,gps,3g hotspots all works very well. I will completly recommend it to you if your budget is under 10k.
i have using this phone its a very nice mobile , battrey back up very good. but recently my mobile was dei because fall down in swimming pool. so affected for mother board and display.
Its a very good phone. I am using it for about a month. No lags whatsoever. Pros you can find anywhere I will talk about cons only: 1) Only 4GB internal memory so you have to put an external SD card but thats not any issue everyone can purchase that and almost all apps are movable to SD card. 2)Front camera is not that good but back camera is worth it. 3) 3D graphics not that good but you cant expect even from higher range devices. 4) Latest android not provided but it will updated very soon, Android 4.4.4 kitkat Concluion: I have no regrets going after this device. Truth is its a reliable device and if you are looking for a low range phone go for it. You can't find any thing like this. A suggestion go for its black version, looks standard.
I am using this product and did not face much problem. Only battery backup is the problem. we need to charge it in 12 hr.
I bought this mobile on Dec 2013. Best mobile in this range with Quad core processor. High graphics games works without lag. but main drawback is the Low internal space (Memory) which is filled by Google,Facebook and their updates. Have to mention abt its battery back up, it stands for a day with mild usage of WiFi..
nice phone in the budget of 8k.processor is nice..display is nice....the phone has a sleek design. the headphones are too of great quality...and soungs better when equalizer settings are adjusted.... in short it is a great phone
I am using this for more then 4 months. I bought it from Flipkart as its cheapest among few shops near by. Specs are good for 6 months old time. Now you can have Very best phone in this phone, i felt really good about asus phones, and recent one Asus Fonepad 7 at just 7500 INR. I did not got any kitkat update till now. GPS, Bluetooth, Wifi everything works fine. If you just wanna buy mobile without wasting time on searching, you can choose this mobile as your preference.
Excellent in terms of delivery time... Product is lot cheaper than stores and its a sealed one... Got it ordered for my friend. Checked with other local store price difference was more than 1000 Rs.
I had sony xperia M , and compare to that this phone is nowhere less in comparison...many features are good in this phone like ...you can send programs to memory card... one of the feature that should also be in the phone of screen capture... and last point from my side that many people write battery issue but my device is very nice on battery backup, it last for complete day after continuous wifi and game and facebook application usage.
phone is good but i felt camera is worst as mention 8 mp...... sound quality and other processor is okay but camera i dont like it
A nice phone, with good speed, smooth touch operations, nice display. Camera is of ok quality, will take good pictures in day-light. Overall, I'm very happy to buy at
Hai Guys, this mobile is awesome and it is never hangs and battery backup of 24 hours with internet always connect and best mobile for gaming and browersing and camera was capture full hd 1080p videos i can play full hd videos and awesome feature is this mobile while move apps to sd card so my advice is best mobile under 15000
Although, today there are awesome phones available at this price, my experience with Micromax Canvas 2.2 (A114) is great. This is a phone with descent specifications that are needed for an average user. Pros: - Great price - Good camera - Descent performance - Speaker is loud Cons: - Screen is fragile and may crack if the phone falls down - Performance takes a hit when apps are loaded
Another Good Product from micromax . it has a Nice Camera With Full HD Recording. Its Processor Fast And Light Weight. I Strongly recommend this Product. I will Give it 4.5 from a 5 point rating.
Not at all the best.... Slow... Poor camera ?... Not worth to buy... No value for money ?... Better buy Nokia Lumia 630, 530.... I bought this for my friend... I bought 2 Nokia Lumia 630... Green and Black... U wont get better than Nokia & Microsoft Windows phone ?.... Buy always Nokia phones... Don't ever think of Samsung Micromax and others.....
Worth the features in the price point,excellent display and looks with good battery back up.more over the picture quality is also good in compare to other same range phones.
i am using this mobile from last two months .......and want to say that this mobile is just awesome ...........camera is good,screen is good,battery backup is good,and lookwise is good the only thing is not good of this mobile is his headphones ............. bakwas headphone............. and charger too is not so good except this aal thing is mast..wow and awesome.....bettter than samsung phones under 15k.......i love mmx.................
I stepped down from Samsung Note, and bought this in hope it will do me all the purpose with less fear of losing big amount in case of theft (as I travel a lot). But I was wrong. Day to Day Usage: In daily usage the phone seems ok, touch is not that good as of samsung, but it was expected due to price difference. The thing annoyed me from 1st day was its ear piece, the incoming voice was never clear and I always struggled in conversation. But due to busy schedule couldn't fetch time to return/replace it. The thing I liked was, it rarely hanged. Applications and Memory: If you use a lot of applications, then you will find the space is just not enough for you and it keeps on giving low memory error when trying to install new apps. Please mind that I don't play Games and just use the office productive applications. Which are less heavier than games. It has only 1.3GB available for installing the apps, and after using 1GB it starts giving the error. Beside above said issues, I was ok and kinda happy with phone. But then the terror day came, At 2PM I was trying to order Mi3 phone at flipkart, and after that I kept the phone in pocket and when I checked at 2.15PM my phone was DEAD. Nothing happened. No display, not taking charge, nothing at all It was completely dead. Service Centers: I went to service center next day, and shocked to see the poor facility and management there. It felt like I have come to take kerosine oil in Rashan (no offence to anybody). I reached at sharp 10am there, it was the time they have mentioned they start dealing with customer. But they said we start working at 10:30am. Wow great customer service. After that, the manager of facility took few calls on priority as per his wish, one I could understand was of senior citizen, but rest two was of two college girls... why so?? My token no. was 17, and it took almost 2 hours for my turn. Then they checked it and said its dead and motherboard has to be replaced. I asked when I should collect... they said AT LEAST AFTER 10-12 DAYS. Changing a motherboard takes this much time.. :O I found its no point saying anything to these people. And pledged never buy a mmx phone in future. Company is Indian, but its all Chinese, that too cheap Chinese product. I was stuck as my phone is my business partner, so ordered a Moto G yesterday, who knows how long they might take after said 12 days. Verdict: The phone looks nice in hands, and attracts people for its price, but cheap hardware is cheap. If it works then great else you are screwed. If you are a true business user, then stay away from these products. For college guys its great. ------ Micromax Customer (Dont)Care is a Nigthmare Its been a month now, but micromax is not able to fix my phone yet. More surprising is they texted me on 15-Sep, that my phone is ready for pickup. I went there on 23rd-Sep due to busy schedule, and I was shocked to know that nothing is done yet. They kept searching for 30 minutes and when I loosed my patience I approached manager, and he gave me ultimate reply: "The message about repair was from Micromax Company, not by us" I was so flattered with the reply that I couldn't utter a word for 15 seconds, then regaining my senses, I asked "Is I am at some other company's service center?" Then he asked me to wait outside saying, "I have other work also, wait outside". Then I again asked, what work you have other than serving the customers in customer service center? He was out of mind by this question started shouting "who sent this guy in my office and blah blah" Then I simply told him to call me whenever the phone is ready, as I dont have time to fight with him. LESSON LEARNED:NEVER GO WITH CHINESE COMPANIES. PEOPLE SAYS ITS INDIAN, BUT ONLY OWNERS ARE INDIAN REST ALL IS CHINESE, INCLUDING MANNERS OF STAFF. Advice for others: If you believe in luck and think you have strong one, then mmx is your game. Rest stay away.
I brought this phone 2 months ago but after completing 1 months i started facing problem. Its speaker is not working problem and my phone hang when an application is oppened in my phone. Plz if any one donot want to waste their hard earned money plz dont buy any Micromax product. I visited their service centre and deposited my phone their they kept my phone for about 1 month but my phone is not repaired properly.
I really appreciate the effort of micromax. Proud to be an Indian. I am using this product since months with no difficulties or complications. Moreover, Flipkart delivery service is remarking. keep it up
Value for money Android smart phone! However, headphone jack, speaker and some software features could have been made better.
This is the first time I'm using a Micromax phone so I can understand if you too have initial inhibitions before buying it. But trust me, this phone is absolutely amazing! The display is quite good and I haven't faced any performance issues as of now (I bought it in March 2014). The best feature of this phone is its camera. Whenever I meet my friends everyone wants me to click pictures even though these friends of mine carry phones worth double of what I've paid for Micromax Canvas 2.2. :p Overall, I'm really happy with this phone. Go for it!
Worst product from micromax...............touchpad got faulty on the day of 31 and flip kart wont exchange the product after 30 days and service centre is yet correcting the problem do no what they are doing .....if any one want micromax i personally suggest dont go for micromax products..
I bought this phone march 2014, Mobile getting switched automatically often even after re-imaging twice. Gave for service they are saying it will take 20 days.
OVER ALL FULL RETURN OF YOUR MONEY.... PAISA VASOOL ITEM. AFTER 1 MONTH THERE IS NOT ANY PROBLEM. I HAVE BOUGHT ONE MORE..
I received the products its an amazing packing with good condition products. excelent services provided by WS Retails.
Nothing like Anything! True Indeed. If you're looking for a phone within 10k, then w/o any hesitation go for this Awesome phone. :) You can compare with the other Mobile phone giants within this Range. Thank You Micromax. Thanx Flipkart
Dear friends, If you are willing to purchase Micromax phone, Pls don't do it, their product quality is not upto the mark, and reliability is also doubtful. Moreover they do not provide aftersales services, service centers phone nos are wrong, even if u find service center, persons working there will not solve your problem and misguide you. I ve faced this and don't want any other person may become victim.
I have given 5 stars just because of the Value for Money. So far have not seen any problems. Real value for money.
Very good mobile in this range... I got it at around 8,000 rs with a offer price.... Good performance. I recommend this mobile to my friends...
everything is cool about this phone......camera is awesome, screen quality is hd......go for it....its worth it
Very nyce phn it give u very good perfomance wit gaming it has backdrop of batry drain but its adjustable.
I have been using this phone from last three months.So I feeled to share my review.I can say at this price only micromax can give such surprising product.Everything is good about this product.Camera is awesome, Nice battery backup, OS supports all apps. I can say if your budget is around 10k then get this product with close eye.
I ordered this phone on 8 th aug and the phone got delivered to me on 16 th august first impression was quite good , phone had a premium look , every thing was working fine but on19 th of august, the receiver of the phone was not working. I immediately called the flipkart customer service they helped with it, did some basic troubleshootings and replaced phone with a new one. Now i have got the phone replaced and every thing is working quite fine . But the camera is not taking good pictures , even in day light the pictures are some what smudgy, even though i have set the camera to its default settings. But the camera of the defective phone was quite good thats y all the phones of the same model do not have same quality
I have purchased this phone for my younger brother before last two month. The internet speed is excellent and I would recommended to purchase this phone in your budget price.
Nice phone . Bought it from Flipkart at Rs. 8188.00 . Delivery time was ok. Bought it at the best price possible . .... and about the phone : 1. Screen is good, could have been better . 2. Battery life is poor , lasts a day barely . (Using Wi-fi , Mobile internet and 1 hour of gaming) 3. Plastic quality is a bit cheap . Specially the back cover . 4. Phone performance is very good , great for multitasking . 5. Good for gaming , touch sensitivity is great . 6. The light sensor is not working properly . 7. Camera is not good , low light imagining is worst , under sun light is ok . Front camera is good . Final verdict : At this price and with it's performance and speed , it's worth buying .
recently I have purchased this Handset, for the first month ( exact 30 days it worked, (Please not that WS retailer has 30 days returning policy, ) on the 31st day of my purchase suddenly usb file sharing was not working, then suddenly i noticed that batter is getting drained 2time earlier than it should, as there is no micromax service centre I had to enquiry around , but in vain. I am not saying that handset is not good but might be i was not so lucky in this. Anyways then i called flipcart customer support centre, they told me that handset will be replaced and they took my complaint, next day they picked up my handset from my premises, that is two days from this day. till now neither i got any call nor any mail regarding it. anyways my deadline was till 15th Aug so no other option but wait. ..... and I AM WAITING..........
i bought this phone in last of june for my father after much searching and comparing! first of all thanks to flipkart that it delivered the phone second day only! now coming to phone,(though later i got to see a phone cheaper with nearly same configuration): 1.its camera is really good, which is first time i noted in micromax phones. video recording is exceptionally bright and high resolution(i am saying it after comparing with my nikon camera which costed me 10000) 2.its really fast and smooth without any lag 3.sound quality is better than my other mmx phones 4.memory - coming to ram i am more than satisfied i hear many people complaining that camera is poor, but it is not. earlier i too thought so but found that there was plastic cover on it.so had to remove it 5.though battery is 2000mah i found its satisfactory till now.
Value for money is good for the phone. Looks good, is sleek and has good processing power. Average battery life.
Best mobile in this range. Could play games like subway surf, asphalt etc without lag. Decent battery backup of around 1 day with normal multimedia usage. Has USB OTG, sound quality is very good. Camera is also very good, best in daylight. build quality and looks are good. Thanks to micromax and flipkart :)
the service was quick and reached before it was due. excellent.The phone is absolute value for money. my views about Micromax phones are slowly getting positive. the phone packs a lot of good features for the price. i would recommend this to anyone on a tight budget but looking for a good phone. don't compare with S4 or iphone 5s because its an unfair comparison. absolute value for money.
Great product from Indian company. No regreat until now. Awesome at less price. Must have for all who wants to pay less and have more
I find this tab filled with features which are as good that mobiles 3 times the cost. Camera is not so good other than that this is an excellent phone.
Everything is fine about this phone... Good battery backup Display is same as sony Xperia Moreover u r getting it below 10k
i buy this phone from flipkart. thank you so much this is good with my money. if you have more money you can choose moto g. but i prefer micromax a114 because of 5inch display
One of the best phone between the range of 8k-10k. Smoothly plays Asphalt 8 and Modern Combat 4. Normal SIM cards, so u don't have make your Sim's micro. Great Camera, Usually in this range all phones have 5MP camera, but this phone have 8MP.
I am thinking to buy this,as it has really rave reviews. I need to ensure that it ahs good video chat secondary camera quality. To Buyers and experts,please suggest on it.
It is awesome android phone with the cheapest price. It is perfect phone which include all the features of android. Really I like this phone..!
-Excellent graphics -Above average camera.. when compared with samsung.. samsung 8mp is better.. -Excellent touch response.. -No lag in Asphalt 8 highest graphics settings -Antutu more than Canvas-4 which costs 8k more than this phone.. buy without thinking anything.. just go for it
Excellent Phone In under 10K Price Bracket. Good Battery Backup around 1.5 days for average use. Camera is good with 8 MP. Speed also fine with Quad Core processor. Voice Clarity is good But not satisfied with speaker volume as its not loud enough. Network & Download Speed is good. Charging light (red) indicator both in phone and chargers. I like the flicker light when got any missed call or SMS, if unattended. We can easily check without unlocking the phone every time for missedcalls/sms. Games are playing nice without hanging till date (Purchased before 15 days). Looks are almost like samsung. One should go for it, if looking for Smart phone with smart price with more features under INR 10,000/- rupees. All the Best!!!
I bought this smartphone on the recommendation of a friend of mine. It's a tiny little piece of equipment that does the job as well as look aesthetically pleasing. After a few days of usage, here are my thoughts, its absolutely value your money, just go for it much better then lots of big daddy's in smartphone industry.....
superb smartphone at lowest price on flipkart. thanx flipkart for our excellent service.these smartphon has good performance and advanced futher than other mobile like samsung ,nokia.micronax mobile is the best in other smarphone.
I am really glade with the service level of Flipkart .com. I have started buying with one phone and now I have bought phone for my wife. They are so quick. 1. Micromx A114 is really a good phone with all most all the features of a expensive smartphone. 2. She is well connected to the Internet with good speed. Which helps her in to finding new recipes and in teaching my children, 3. The only thing is phone gets warm quickly. In comarision to the other phone I have. Though I am not sure what difference this makes in performance of the phone. 4. It's totally a good package.
Product is very goog but battery backup is not good..all applications are doing well. Games running fast touch is very good. Camera quality is not so good. 8 mpa is equal to 5 mpa of samsung.micromax tells a lie about camera.
hi friends I have purchased it fom flipkart at the first time from a online shopping site I am little bit nervous and confused about its trust or its way of organising till the delivery I take in my hand and about the procedure they adopt.but I must tell u that all the things are organised very decently and I a systematic way and about the product it is good and fine while using it. good speed and good picture quality apps installed easily 1gm ram and 8 mg back camera and 2 gb front camera gives good quality while doing video chatting its a good phone and upto the mark I say rest I want from micromax to make the quality of the product more better than todays quality of the phone
Bought this 2 weeks before and using happily. 5" display gives a great look and 1GB RAM gives a smooth response. Good deal..!!
EXCELLENT PHONE IN THESE PRICE BRACKET. GOOD BATTERY BACKUP,CAMERA,SPEED,VOICE CLARITY,NETWORK & DOWNLOAD SPEED.
If you are thinking of buying this phone, don't give a second thought, just buy it. I have been using it for over a month. Its performance was more than expected. Games such as Injustice, Modern Combat 5, Asphalt 8, Iron Man 3, NFS Most Wanted etc run butter smooth. Also the phone doesn't get heated up. It can play full HD movies too. I just love the phone.
The phone is fully packed with great features. I have some regrets like it has been said that the internal storage is 4 GB but i can only find 2.50 gb of the storage. i.e. 1.50 gb for applications and 1 gb for other data. The applications can be though transferred to the memory card. And the nxt and final thing, i.e. the battery backup is less tha 20 hrs with normal usage of the phone. I reccon about 2600 mah battery will be enough. I will give it a 3 stars as it can't give me enough on long journey. Even just with listening to simple music for constant hours i get 25% of the charge being reduced within 2 hrs. This phone is great but with this kind of battery backup it becomes difficult to work for longer hours on any official or other work for longer hours. The front cam is quite like a VGA cam and the primary cam is fab in day light and ok in lesser light.
When I purchased this product from flipkart before that I searched a lot on other sites but I got the cheapeast price here, with awesome services from flipkart. This product is one of the best product , I am using this mobile from few months and now I have decided to put my review on flipkart. Packing of the mobile was very good even I got the seal product from the company. 5 Star for this mobile
camera quality is good . it never hangs till now i have purchased.. i havent purchase this from flipkart but this phone has low haedphone quality but otherwise phone is fast good looking ... 1 gb ram is enough 1.3 ghz processor.. hd video supported .... flash is not good but micromax vale is rate main ye mast phn de rhe h
In Case of Delivery flipkart is best AND In case of Handset Micromax is Worst . Phone have 8 MP Camera (written on Specification) But I doubt ( My Previous 3.2 MP was best ) Phone is getting automatically Reboot after a particular interval of time . Worst... I am trying to sell my phone ...
i reviewed and compare this phone with other mobiles on flipkart. i am impress with the features of the Micromax canvas 2.2 almost all necessary things covered in this. ready to buy the product as its within my budget.
 Dimension 145 x 73 x 9.7 mm  Weight 147 g  Screen Size 5 inches (220 ppi)  OS Android OS, v4.2.2 (Jelly Bean)  Processor Quad-core 1.3 GHz  Internal Memory 4 GB (1.42 GB for apps) Expandable to 32 GB (SDHC class 10)  Camera 8 MP (3264x2448 pixels) Pros Due to dimension and weight handling is very easy Awesome Performance - Gaming and Camera USB OTG Support Apps Movable to SD Card Cons Build Quality / finishing Video Recording Sound Issues However, these are negligible points at this price compare to frequency of its usage.  MediaTek MT6582M 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with Mali 400MP2 GPU and 1 GB RAM.  Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean.  8 MP auto-focus primary camera with a bright LED flash which is capable of 1080p(HD) video recording at 30 FPS. and 2-megapixels front-facing camera capable of 720p video recording.  Support dual standard size SIM card
Really Awesome Mobile, very good camera Battery backup, very good phone in this cheap rate :) Now about the Phone : 1) This phone is an Awesome piece of technology... 2) Quad Core processor makes you feel really good as the processing is very fast (If you had experience with Dual core, you will really feel the difference!!) 3) Camera is Quality in both Day light and night is good (8 MP camera) 4) You don't need to worry about the Built in space as it is 4 GB
After a lot of investigation over the net, i was so excited to buy this phone, but after buying this,i am disappointed with its performance. Sound quality is very poor and even speaker is not working well. The speed of this phone is so slow on WIFI too. I'm seriously not Satisfied.
Each and every features is nice & standard except the "battery" (drains so quickly compared to other normal and popular brands).Battery is the the main & main drawback of this model.
Its an amazing device.... *The performance of the device is very excellent. *The touch is really smooth..and responsive. *camera quality is good. *It plays full hd video very easily. *It is very premium look.. *The sensors and the google ok are working very nice-if u say answer to answer a call and capture to capture the image.. Drawbacks: *The music quality is slightly gives disappoint to me. *It has some heating problems at earpiece during the phone call. Even all the giant makers also have drawbacks....So ,these drawbacks will be hidden if u see the price...so ,just go for it without any confusion...Once Again MICROMAX rocks the World with High specs at low price...
I bought this phone 3 weeks before.. Great configurations at this price and also nice packing by Flipkart. I haven't seen any problems with this phone. The only thing is that the Camera is not up to the mark upto 8MP during night time.. I'm confused in buying Samsung Core,Sony M dual and this Phone and finally decided to go with it.. Feeling Satisfied with Micromax...Really Nice Phone!!!
I had ordered the phone on 28th june..To my great surprize i received it on 1 july.. but initially, the light of back button on homescreen wasnt working.. so i had to put a replacement order for the phone..then i received the replaced one after 10 days.. The service of flipkart is good.. but a customer (atleast me) cant be fully satisfied with the product coz u dont know whats in there and how much u hve to work to get a perfect one.. But, Ya.. i have got a decent one... though i still thinks that .. it would be better for me if i'd bought it from market.. The sound of this set is too low.. otherwise its a nice one to buy... So..Choice is urs...
so far i am satisfied with this phone,but some times i am not getting so much back up that i have expected,but if i reduced the brightness than it provides good back up. Can anyone guide me what should i do to get the better back up.
Awesome mobile in this price range.., Batery Back up...Camera clarity...HD video Recording...Processor also work better...
i bought this phone 5 months ago and now m writing its review this phone has amazing qualty to understand the work load....bcoz i use my phone for high end gaming and calling skype etc etc...and i tried all that in this phone CALL OF DUTY works fine asphalt 8, assasin creed, MC4 all these high end games works fine on this mobile without any problem and then multitasking its very good in that i put games in background and messaging apps in front and it works fine without any problem ..... some heating problem.....also disspointing noo update for this phone even it can suport 4.4 micromax is slow i blv in that manner REst all is good go for this phone u wont be disappointed
Amazing smart phone.... Apps can be moved to sd card Touch is very responsive Battery guves full day bakup Gesture control is good (i use it for screen unlock) Mi security is a nice built in app for ram cleaning Camera quality is mor than enuf for fb n watsapp Gamming is extremely smooth Dual sim management is much better than galaxy young Hd Video recording is brilliant UI is really nicely designed by micromax...........
a very good phone delivery before time i personally appreciate this product and recommend to all viewers that they can have it if they are searching a good smart phone within low budget thanks!!! *****
Excellent phone, I bought last week only. camera, display sound and touch all fine and working excellent Flipkart is the best online shopping site for any electronics items without any doubt
Performance is good Battery Backup is good screen is amazing. Overall good Mobile Worth for Money!!
I have got this phone 2 weeks back. I would rate this phone high since it covers most of the wanted features in the modern times. In ways like technology, speed, storage and battery backup.
This is very good phone at this price, I have purchased 3 pieces, 1 for me and 2 for my cousin and I can hear only positives from them about the product. I strongly recommend this to others..
I order this phone on 16 july and received on 17 july within 24 hours.thanks flipkart for fast delivery.the phone is good but i found two problem in it.the call quality is not good.i can not hear the other side noise properly and the other problem is the music sound is also not good.i write flipkart to change my phone.pls tell me call volume is low in my mobile or every micromax 2.2 a114 mobile.all other features are very good.net speed is very fast.camera quality is good.hd vdo support .
Nice Gadget, Got full satisfaction with speed and performance, Got much needed specification for Rs 5000 less in comparison with samsung
Very nice mobile, value for money, i am fully satisfied, hope there will be more great deals for other products
Very bad Camera quality not even good for 3 megapixle forget 8megapixel and very bad battery back up does not last 12 hours
its realy very nice touch screen mobile, very smooth, sound, and all function is realy nice,good and perfect working, flipkart sent me mobile before given time, also the best packing and mobile is realy very new and best condition the packing of mobile is realy the best so we got as its new one thanks flipkart
1. I have downloaded car race game which many time give black screen and need to exit it and an start game again. 2.My many pic are not displayed on any album app provided by micromax. 3. The phone got hang on first week only after that its working fine. Details bought this on 10 july 2014
Great Product & delivery was really fast and hastle-free. Considering the price , the features this device has is just amazing and 100% satisfactory. This one is a better choice over the A104 even if it has a lower price.
though it is grt product from micromax...but it is not worth from me...because i have faced problem on the very next day.when the flash of the camera has failed to work. I have then send request to flipkart for replacement but they had turned it down. they have asked me to do restore factory settings but unable to resolve the problem. then i have put another request to flipkart for money refund and it has passed 24 hrs but no response has not got yet. I have never experienced this kind of service from flipkart.. very much upset...
This is an excellent phone with good specs for the people searching smartphones under 10 k. HD works very awesome. Picture clarity is great. No lags when playing high-end games. Installed lot of apps but works as smooth as butter.
Best product......With best price And service.......!!!!!! Good screen.....speedy n as per expectation......
This seller provides good service. I really like this. Handset is genuine..... just awesome.....................................
Guys its really amazing phone at genuine price, in market it available @ RS12200 and through Flipkart you are getting at on RS 8199. All feature are excellent . picture quality in night is bit unsatisfactory.
After contributing more than 3 months of time to choose a good android, i felt its too reasonable , genuine , without any doubt anybody can buy this one. i bought it for 9k @ this price it satisfied me a lot. thanx for fk services. dont wast u r time by thinking about pros & cons, because this one has going out of stock. specially the built quality looks a higher value mobile. (its my personal openion, after using 15 days)
Seller I am not satisfied with flipkart. I have ordered a white colour handset but they have given a black colour handset. Wat's the use if u deliver the wrong product even on correct timing. I have orderd it to gift it to my brother so i am compromised to it since i didnt have any other option. Product : 1. Camera is good in daytime but not the best at dark, 2. Performance is good. 3. Built Quality is good. 4. System application is detected as malware so i disabled it. Gameshub & SMSReg Applications 5. Sound is good. 6. Battery need to be improved. Atleast 2500 Mah battery is needed for this product. 7. Internet browsing is fast. 8.Gaming also Good. I would rate this as 3 if the malware apps are not there i would rate this as 4 star.
the mobile is awsmee... under 10000.. the phone is gud... all grand feature... the camera is also awsemee... jst zoom pic.. is nt tht mch gud.. bt nice... bt the video recrding is superb
For the price quoted by Micromax, i think its a deal. As promised by flipkart, the item arrived on time. The phone is quite fast and if you are looking for a budget phone, yet with lot of latest features, this is the thing.
Comments: I really enjoyed the service. The service was timely, the site had all the information I looked for and if I had any questions about the products they were available with critical information. I think your service and prices are OUTSTANDING! I recommend to everyone know.
I bought this phone for 8500.But i found that it had viruses in inbuilt apps like game hub and SMS reg.Only luck decides the best
its very good phone.......doesnt hang n no any lag while playing game....good phone mmx.............................................
screen gets blank in the sun.worst s.care,worst brand,worst reasons, dont buy it. i purchased bocz its a indian product. shame on micromax. s.care ready to refund money (3000 rs less).becoz s.care telling that they cant get repaired
1st f all...thnx to flipkart for such a quick delivery.I am fully satisfied wd d product...jzt close ur eye n go fr it....its a gr8 mbile....with this range its simply mindblwing..gud battery backup,speaker is also good,good look..overall very nice product.
OK product. You get what you have been promised. Just pray that you don't have to go to their service centres. Nobody even picks up the customer care phone numbers mentioned on Micromax website. Before I forget, These phones are highly sensitive to heat. If you have to travel out in north Indian heat carrying the Micomax mobile in your pocket, be ready to face hardware problems until it cools down. Tried this with another Micromax Canvas 4 also. Thankfully, it gets back to normal behaviour after cooling down.
cant even think will get product in 8100 /- by WS seller 30 days return policy .. amazon snapdeal are giving at 8300 but when it comes for trust nly one name comes in my mind FLIPKART . product is very good almost all features of canvas 4(except camera and internal memory ). value for money !!
Very good mobile but one disadvantage is a call quality not good and volume keys also flat while increasing and decreasing difficult otherwise worth for money compare to motog and motoe this is worth
OMG!!!!!!! I loved this handset I got this handset for Rs. 8199/-, thanks to FLIPKART for such a great service. Huge Screen, Good camera Quality, Good speed in surfing, Good Touch Responsive. etc.... and its supports all other brand headsets also.....if you are using samsung or other headsets the music is blasting and i loved it. Only the battery backup is decent and speakers are too low to hear for me just go for it guys its an awesome mobile at this price, in samsung the same spec mobiles you will get for Rs. 15000/- plus. My rating for Flipkart and handset 4.5 out of 5.
The phone looks is superb and also it is value for money. i am actually using my MOTO G. if ur budget is under 8500 then this phone is good for buying. the features are more than samsung and any other smartphones under 8500. i wl recomend this phone and plz do not buy samsung. i love my phone
micromax cavas is too good in my budget.whatever functionality i need is provided in this budget.Really too good cell phone in this budget.
good phone....speed is good, good resolution screen. great cam. touch very responsive battery good. go for this if you are looking for max in min------go for canvas 2.2
i love this phone. my three if friends have this phone. no hanging problem good batterylife goof processing speed
Pros : 1.Screen is huge & and display is amazing. 2.Touch is good, 3.Build quality is really good and the phone looks elegant (which is why I hate to see it in a cover) 4. it very slim looking good 5. all games are working(my experience) Cons : 1.Camera is decent compared to other phones in the market (not really a con).flash brightness is low 2.Speaker is not that loud. (its ok) 3. internal memory beater to 8gb Conclusion : Overall I would definitely recommend this product, if you like a Phone with a huge display look no further.
This one is the best mobile phone at this price it is available till date. It is best on each and every point like price, configuration, performance, display, camera quality, processing speed and size. Till now, I have not noticed and drawback in this phone except small heating during long use and android version as it is coming with somewhat outdated version 4.2 Jelly Bean. Even I have found it's performance better than other giant brand coming under 15 K. The most important point is that it is a Indian brand. It is coming with 2 MP secondary camera and is useful for people interested for video calling although it depends on internet speed. If anyone is planning to purchase a mobile phone under 10 K, they should go for this product without hesitation. I also thanks flipkart for providing this one at economic rate with one day delivery.
I brought the fone frm flipkart.. actually my fone got switched off within 10 days of purchase..!!!!!!! and i replaced the fone and i got the new one 3 days ago... the new one looks OK... prons- value for money... good fone to buy at this price level.. battery lasts for one full day with normal use.. good speed..no lags.... cons - very very bad call quality...!!!! Overall, i support the product if u are ok with the call quality and u are not a brand lover..!! :)
I bought it a couple of weeks back. It has been working pretty well as of now. No delays and smooth to use. It charges quickly compared to other smartphones and the battery lasts for 1.5 - 2 days. At a price of around 8.3K, it is definitely the best buy in the range.
I had purchased this mobile from Flipkart. Got delivered in 2 working days. Mobile is amazing. A brilliant phone in a budget price. It's a great phone with all the features of premium phone. Battery is also decent. No problems yet faced in phone.
I bought this mobile 8210...after i bought this nd go to outlet for enquiry about price they told 10k...thnks to flipkart team for that....about this phone i am net addicted...it works on 3g very high speed...when you play games it gets heat...camera is best at this price...best buy under 9k But only con is it shows only 99% and we removed that it shows 100%...but i found this is the common issue in this mobile......battery backup and gets heat are the common in all smartphones
I have been using the product since last 14 days. As usual flipkart delivered it before the mentioned time happy with there service. Now the product review ... Phone came with a nicely packed form. I unboxed it and was happy to see that. But the moment I put the phone on charge found the phone was not charging . so bring another charger of same phone and it was charging .. I made a complain on flipkart and they filled my flipkart wallet with 450 rs but not the original charger apart from that the phone is performing well. Battery lasts for 1-1.5 days for average uses. Camera quality is very good . Call and network quality though a bit in low side. Display is crisp and vivid. cons- U may feel the heat while charging and gaming for a while. Battery as usual not up to the mark. But at the end of the the is it micromax's best phone till date... worth buying
This Phone is seriously Damn Awesome. I was having samsung galaxy grand 2 before but unfortunately i was stolen after using it for a month. But after having this monster, i really felt that grand 2 is inferior to this one based on performance and obviously the most important - its price. Since 2 days after using canvas 2.2, i never felt any lags, got a good battery backup of a whole day with heavy usage. Playing games (Ashphalt 8, GTA San Andreas, Dead Trigger 2, NFS Most Wanted) is a really a fun, as the same games i played in grand 2 but felt sluggish while playing. Did A heavy Multi tasking torture on this phone but no issues observed, all went very smooth. So Guys, spending too much amount on branded phones is a foolishness. What u do in those branded phones, the same u will get in this phone also and even more better experience. So why spend more money on these branded cheap plastic phones. Go for it guys, BLINDLY...
I want to purchase samsung grand neo before see this product. But when i saw the product i.ve change my decision because it really has a different look it has qhd display but it like HD. Wi-Fi Enabled WiFi hot spot Android v4.2 (Jelly Bean) OS Full HD Recording Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB 5-inch Captive Touchscreen 8 MP Primary Camera(3264 x 2448 resolution) 2 MP Secondary Camera u can use a normal sim card . It supports OTG pendrives and OTG storage devices........ And thanks to filpkart for good packing, good delivery boy, and lowest price....... believe me go flipkart to buy it..
awesome phone in its price range.....xcellent features....durable....battry life is also good 24 hrs with 3G......i have been using it for past 6 months havn`t lagged once since......
It is nice phone,i like it. And it will have some good fearture okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk..,.......................................................
Hi........guys..! this is a very good handset....and look wise.u will  it.!!! best phone under 8.5 K buy without any confusion... se......**
i just bought this set after waiting for almost 6-7 mts... i am satisfied to the extreme.. ppl have given negative reviews also..the money yu pay(8200)..and the quality..is unmatched.. amazing clear volume..camera better than most..and the feel is class apart.. i dont know much abt pros and cons..coz i am using this set as a mobile phone..not a laptop..or tab.. one last word..for everyone..who are in double mind... JUST GO FOR IT... and..yes..thanks to flipkart...for delivering before time...and giving the best deal...
Hey, it's really a good phone & enjoying using it. I got this product in cheap price.....................................................................................................................................................
Great specifications within the price bracket of 10K :) most of the reviews may define and help you well in specification but the built quality is great because my phone fell from 6.5 feet height and survived the crash. I felt i lost it completely but not even a scratch anywhere just a micro dimple on one of the edge (first point of contact while crash). No problemo in functioning. I may be lucky but Thanks to Micromax for such a compact and sturdy design :) Cons: - No screen protection - Slippery back panel
hy guyz iam using this phone for past 2 weeks.this is nice phone in budget,no lags no hang it is very smooth ,,,i advice u to buy this phone as early as possible.
Great delievery by flipkart!! 5`` big qHD screen,good battery,nice camera,no lags even on high end games. Just hoping to get updates from micromax for new version of android. Overall a nice smartphone and complete bang for bucks!!!
Unexpectedly very quick delivery by flipkart.. great work. After a thorough comparison I bought Micromax 114 from flipkart with a "surprice" offer for Rs 7860/.. Great speed/ good camera/ music not bad.. cons: dedicate button for camera preferable. Overall very good performance..
BOUGHT RECENTLY.ITS QUITE GOOD.BETTER THAN DOODLE A111 WHICH I BOUGHT SOME TIME BACK CAN PLAY GAMES SMOOTHLY THANKS TO 1GB RAM.LOOKS ARE GOOD.EXPECTED MICROMAX TO ADD FLIP COVER AND SCREEN GAURD IN THE BOX AS IN SOME OF ITS PHONES- BUT IT WAS NOT PRESENT.
Expect battery backup every feature in the mobile is excellent working, i will suggest to use external power bank for battery backup.
Rrr Recently i bought this phone.. It's awesome.. In such a low price it s d best mobile.. Gaming s ultimate, oly prob s it heats up if v use while it charging.. The screen s qhd, so it s pleasure to use..
Really a nice handset in budget price good camera quality as well as recording. Touch is awesome camparison of samsung granf anf other handset it is really nice.
What to say.. with the mediatech 1.3GHz qaud core processor and MALI-400 MP GPU (just like a graphics card in laptop), is simply rocking its way. Benchmarks are awesome and so the performance. the only con is the camera n build quality(which i say is still enough gorgeous). buy this particular phone and i can promise nothing will go wrong. trust me . the mali-400 gpu n the quad core processor with q-HD display makes the best phone, what i believe for a budget phone. Dont think, your everyday tasks will b done in the best possible way. Display is good, camera is decent, Gamers will have true Fun, And no storage problem. :) approx benchmark scores: Antutu- 17100 Quadrant- 6000 Nena Mark2- 57fps Vellamo HTML5- 2000 Vellamo Metal- 530 pros 1)nice display but screen resolution could have been better 2)nice call quality the incall speaker is loud than other nice 3) the new chipset mt6582 is just made for gaming the mt6589t is clocked at 357mhz i.e used in canvas magnus but this is clocked at 412mhz i have confirmed it 4)camera is decent but not that good 5)performance is really really smooth like as jelly free ram is also much due to qhd diaplay 6)customised android interface 7) launcher is also bit different then that regular launcher in other handsets
Size is good so is battery life. Sound quality good. Data Capacity good. Processing fast. Camera is great. Issues: Touch Screen is very good but if you compare to rivals, it falls short - not as smooth but still its os good enough. Lots of basic features/apps expected of a smart phone are missing. It is not that intuitive if you are using touch phone for the first time.
A good product value for money. I will suggest this to buy . Some times lack of awareness cause the problem, this is the reason people do post about the complaints. Otherwise the device is good and very fast . I used it onthe same day i received all the features are good & comparatively fast compare to other brands of same configuration. Also cost is very low for this advance configuration.
Decent mobile,working smoothly,good camera,batery ok. Camera; is good. Ram; good. Working; Fine. Look; Decent.
Hi, Everything is ok in this phone like apps process, ram , battery, camera. There is some issue with games like, 'Daddy was a theif', some time a black screen comes, may be it,s game apps issue. One more thing, if u r interested to install compass related apps, this phone is not suitable bcoz it has no magnetic sensor. Thanks
Mobile Software is awesome specifically the contacts and calling modules. Sleek design makes it smart and camera is definitely an added advantage.
Hi, I got this Mob from Flipkart for 8300 Home Delivery is very quick and with Good packing. It's been 2 weeks i m using this mob Performance is superb till now i did't find any Lag at all. Touch response is very smooth and easy. You can run many apps open at a time it runs smooth. Gaming is awesome i played FIFA 14 NFS MW there is no lag. Camera quality is good with Flash support. Front camera is also doing good. Browsing is excellent. There is No Heating Problem. Battery is Average it depends upon how ur using it like if u use only for browsing it stands a day. I m Extremely satisfied with this Mobile. It's Nothing Like Anything. Thanks Micromax.
this phone is terrific because of this features: 1.this phone has quad core processor 2.games can be transferable easily to sd card though internal memory is smal 3.1 gb ram with 8 mp primary camera i bought this phone 2 week at 10500 .this phone looks terrific in white color and with its qhd dispay.no issue with battery.great graphics as it runs on 56.1 fps which is really high and has a antutu score of 17100
The mobile is good but please think twice before purchasing from this site / vendor. The mobile was delivered to me after a great deal of followup almost about a month from making online payment. Had I not threatened to take legal action against them, I think these people may not have delivered the product to me. Buy at your own risk even if the the mobile is very good.
Wonderful phone, no second thought, we are getting allot in less price.Samsung,... etc are useless when compered with this Micromax canvas A114.
Nice and best phone under d range of 8k What makes a good review Have you used this product? It's always better to review a product you have personally experienced. Educate your readers Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and the cons of the product. Be yourself, be informative Let your personality shine through, but it's equally important to provide facts to back up your opinion. Get your facts right! Nothing is worse than inaccurate information. If you're not really sure, research always helps. Stay concise Be creative but also remember to stay on topic. A catchy title will always get attention! Easy to read, easy on the eyes A quick edit and spell check will work wonders for your credibility. Also, break reviews into small, digestible paragraphs.
You are getting 8 MP camera, 2 MP from Camera, 1 GB ram 4 GB memory, cord core processor android 4.1, HD recording and all this at just 8230 only
Hi, Its been 21 days that I have been using this phone. Obviously I got this phone by flipkart in a very safe package. I can only say that I am highly satisfied with the performance of this phone. And most importtantly its very budget friendly phone. At this price range, its all features are fantastic, be it Camera quality, Display quality, speed performance, etc. Guys don't think twice, just go for it. :-)
I bought the phone 2 weeks back and it has performed surprisingly well.The size and design give it a premium look and it is not too heavy to hold either. Coming to the working the speed is amazing with almost no time lag in opening applications and the proximity sensor stands out for its efficiency.There are many preloaded apps(but not facebook,whatsapp etc.) Touch is also smooth without any cons. 2000 mah battery is decent for the price range and once charged completely it can work continuously for 6-7 hrs.Although the charging point is a little shaggy and i had some problems with connecting usb too. Sound quality is good although the earphones could have been better.Rear camera is good but front disappoints in low light.There are a lot of options for adjusting and editing pics which are really good. Overall if you are looking for a good phone under 10k with most of the features then this one is highly recommended for its good looks, value for money and great user experience.
Amazing experience. One of the best mobile at this price. Except battery life overall features of the phone are good. I first had doubt whether to go for Micromax phone or not as this i had never used Micromax phone. But believe me this is best phone among all the one which i have used till date... Bought it through FLIPKART n got good discount. On time delivery n the service is too good.... I surely recommended one to go for it...
nothing great to boast about but so far the phone has performed well. Except screen rotate issues at times and a not so good camera. Overall still worth the money.
Friends, thanks to Flipkart for making my dream Come True. This Phone was at the best Offer at Flipkart. In Market it was not less than 9200 but on Flipkart it was available in 8263. The difference was huge and hence i bought. The Phone is awesome in Every aspect. Wish these Smartphone batteries last longer. Rest it is the best in the class in everyway. Go and Buy.
It's one of the best mobile for the same pricing. It almost the best value for yr money... It is the lowest price mobile of same category other mobiles.
Very good look and attractive features. Mobile works fine since I received from flipkart. All applications work fine.
Although the micromax mobiles are high on features, but the after sales service standard are very poor. It has been more than 20 days that I have given the mobile for repairs at Micromax service center but there is no indication till date as to how many more days it would take to repair.
Its been a month since i purchased this product on flipkart. Earlier there were huge round of discussions with company colleagues if this mobile maker is worth a buy. But however i was very focussed and fond to purchase the phone from the very begining. Finally listened to my mind voice and purchased this phone. Belieive me i have never come across such a phone in price range which is so user-friendly ,stylish , appealing you name it guys!! ....Its on this phone...Thanks Micromax! Thanks Flipkart!!
grt device.. awesm look..all features are very nice as im using it from 1month.. speaker is not so good..is the other aspect....but go for it...
i didnt get my mobile bil and tere is no seal or stamp of daler on warranty card. Please solve this problem as soon as possible
Its good but ear phone is not up to the mark, but anyway value for money, Amazing processor, gud camera 8 m.p
it is apply to micromax that cheap things comes with lot of problem , very poor customer care service , takes 30-45 days in repair I have ordered one Micromax Phone (Canvas 2.2 Model No A114) on Feb 26, 2014 and started using from March 2, 2014. I believed Indian company for the first time and felt happy using the phone for few months but it could not suffice my trust. I started facing issues from June 2nd week and given for repair at Micromax service center on June 17 and collected back on June 27th ( After 11 days ) But issue Persisted, so i again checked with service center on June 28, 2014(Today) and they need at least 25 days to repair the same.
it is good phone.. i bought it by depending on opinions from GSM Arena and i fully satisfied by using it. good camera quality, can move application to memory card directly,Screen is not good but it has a fast processor.very good performance. no hang problem. i am very happy. buyers can go for it.
This handset look like good phone but its not exelent phone as i thought, Batery backup is less and Sensor is less
The phone is smooth, no issues so far detected. Its as good as a Moto X and Moto G . In terms of benchmarks, the processor speed is good. Please note this review is only 1 week old ..
I have ordered this product on Wednesday and i received this product no Friday, excellent service by courier regarding mobile: it was awesome clarity and superb phone. i liked it lot
all feature awesome......except battery but considerably good as compared to other. should buy!!!!!!!
This is the 2nd MMX Canvas a114 I've purchased. My wife already using it and I've used it earlier too. The kind features you get at this cost of 8400 in unbeatable. I've compared lot of mobile in this range under 10,000, but could not find better. Here are the features I used for comparison: Quad Core processor, 1 GB RAM 5 inch screen at least IPS LCD with 540 x 960 resolution 8 mp camera with flash OTG connectivity Installation of app on sdcard. At least 500 mb free RAM should be available on first boot for user. You cannot get all above features from any other phone at this cost. Battery too last pretty well. ***NO heating issue*** with my 2nd mobile too. Only thing I did not like is the back panel which looks low quality. But I've purchased a good quality rubber hard case for premium look. Most latest Games play fine with high settings.
At this price point this is the best Phone. The battery could have been a little more powerful though but its fine. Camera, Graphics for Game- Nova 3, Asphalt 8, throw it anything it'll play with breeze ( mind you at highest settings ). The battery yes it lasts for a day. But if you are gaming all the time do not expect it to live the entire day. Display is great. You can really check that this is the best at this price point urself. The Kitkat Update should be round the corner coz with such a beauty kitkat should have been given.
This phone is a value for money phone for what features it offers in the cost. It has good built, quality make and nice features. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants good features in low cost.
Delivery - Excellent as it was promised for 25th June but I got it on 23rd June itself. Product packaging was really good and phone is good. It is a good buy as it has all the features which must be there in smartphone. I would like to suggest this phone and would thanks FlipKart for delivering this on time. This was my first experience with FlipKart and I am impressed! Thanks.
The mobile is pretty good in this range the performance is good we cant get a mobile similar features in this range.
I bought from local store.And this is my review after using 3 months. pros- 1.Good processor and ram.high graphics game like asphalt 8 and NFS most wanted running very smooth. 2.Display is awesome,colours are wonderful. 3.Full hd videos are running quite well using mx player 4.This phone charge very fast 5.looks is like high end mobile cons- 1-battery backup is very low on internet usage, on normal use remains one day. 2-the flash is very poor.photo quality in night is worst but excellent in daylight 3-head phones are very low quality this is my review.best phone under 10k.Go for it.
This phone is working good without any problem. No hangs, smooth touch response. This phone gives a great value for its price.
Dear all i have purchased this mobile at 8644 from flipkart..the delivary of flipkart is too fast.. About the device....guys dont think just buy this..the screen resolution is superb,touch is very smooth,camera quality not like 8 mp of samsung but ok for this price.. The benchmarks are great compared to any 18000 to 23000rs device.nice looking but the back is glossy,) regular cheap quality headsets with this phone.Overall nice handset loved this..........
This phone is worth the money as it has all the features of an equivalent Samsung phone worth Rs 20000. Performance and battery life are satisfying.
service is very good. and the product is genuine .i mean to say all products are genuine.this is not my frist time deal with flipkart..every time i deal with flipkart i got the genuine products.overall its very good.
Well..guys..!!! this is a very good handset....and look wise.u will love it.!!! According to its specifications ...we do get what it says.... and if any problem happens flipkart is there for you. Whats awsome u say ... >Its build quality and design.. >The features we get from it.... >Its performance....(can handle big apps which takes more ram, at once can run 4-5 apps like them) >Camera Quality...(Good pics come out of it....like photography and i am happy with its camera) >Have a single Flash ...which helps in taking low light pics...(Very good flash better thean canvas 2) >Better GPU and CPU (Can play HD games..Smoothly and visual is awsome) >Sensors works peoperly... >Good Battery backup ...(Depends how you use it....) >Have a QHD IPS Screen and some glass on the outer part...Display is awsome.. >Light weight. >I have a Cnavas 2 handset and can say...this canvas 2.2 is better than it..... and if u are looking for a handset less than Rs.10,000 u may go for this frnds..!!!!... (As i said before if anything happens....Flipkart is there for you.)
Micromax Canvas 2.2 is a good phone. I was a bit reluctant to get an Indian brand, initially but settled with this one. It's good for its price. This handset, has almost all the features, which a Samsung S4 or a Moto X or for that matter any android phone has to offer.
I ordered this on 31st May 2014 and received on 3rd June 2014 in a very good condition. The speed in delivering the goods by flipkart is really great. I thank them. As regards it's performance, I describe this mobile is just awesome. Crystal Clear Display, build quality, good camera, clear voice quality are the main features in this. Music player is loud at the same time clear in User mode. After usage of two weeks this is my opinion on this mobile: Pros: Damn clear display in all angles. Light in weight. Camera quality is awesome Battery charging is fast. Battery back is also great. In normal usage, once full charged, can be utilized for 3 days without doubt. Viewing videos with clear resolution is an eye feast Just like viewing movie in multiplex. Ear phones provided is excellent quality. But I feel ear buds are little bit bigger. Those who have small ear holes like me, cannot use them. I suggest Micromax to provide ear phones with small ear buds. Downloading videos are very fast. Cons: After speaking above 5 minutes, the mobile gets heated at the ear side.If this problem is solved, there is no comparision to this phone. Today the price shows below 9,000. Hence this is a great opportunity those who intend to buy this order immediately with flipkart. Earlier I used Samsung Grand, Nokia, Sony but I feel that Micromax Canvas Models are the best in mobile world. If any body have cheap opinion on Micromax naming it Local, Please change your opinions immediately. Once you experience Micromax Canvas series phone, you will never look at other companies. .
As per my budget this is best for me. Everything is working very fine and smoothly.One thing I want to say this is more slimmer than other micromax mobile up to 15000.My friend if any one is planning to purchase mobile around 10000 budget than I will suggest you for this one.
Actually i purchased to my friend. we suggested this mobile below 10K range with all the features. 1. light weight 2. Slim and easy to use. 3. with 4.2.2 OS 4. 1 GB Ram we installed all the apps as of now and have to check the performance now. only Memory is very less rest every thing is awesome.
micromax canvas 2.2 A114 is a fantastic mobile in low range . it gives you everything thing which you want. overall in short it give maximum output in minimum input. service of flipkart is total based on customer satisfaction first.....
micromax canvas2.2 a 114 is very good. it has android jellybean 4.2 os and quad core processor. camera is good comparing other phones. one negative is that it has bad quality of headsets. games like subway surfers and temple run are supporting very well it has 1 GB RAM. it has capacitive touch. battery life is moderate and you have to charge once per 2 days. overall this phone is good for those having budget less than 10000. if you are going to buy a same specification in other brand then it will cost more than 15000 as micromax is indian brand and tax is less.
Best mobile under 7k. I have read all reviews in flipkart and decided to buy this mobile, it is worth for this money.
no doubt that this phone is one of the best phone under 10k the touch is really smooth i hav used both samsung and micromax phone but i hav to say touch of dis phone is great till now i purchased this phone 4 month ago its working really smooth ,camera is ok not lyk samsung but its ok. battery backup is not so good , if u use net or play games it will last long for 7-8 hours and if u r not a phone sticker it can extend to more than 2 days too.sound iss great iff we compare it with its relative phones. its superfast no hang problem till now because of its smooth operating system. kingsoft is too a gud app u get wid dis phone. u can play all the welll known games without any disturbance . PHONE ISS GUD AND WIL SURELY REMOVE THE TAG OF CHINA FROM MICROMAX. ITS super stylish too ;)
no doubt that this phone is one of the best phone under 10k the touch is really smooth i hav used both samsung and micromax phone but i hav to say touch of dis phone is great till now i purchased this phone 4 month ago its working really smooth ,camera is ok not lyk samsung but its ok. battery backup is not so good , if u use net or play games it will last long for 7-8 hours and if u r not a phone sticker it can extend to more than 2 days too.sound iss great iff we compare it with its relative phones. its superfast no hang problem till now because of its smooth operating system. kingsoft is too a gud app u get wid dis phone. u can play all the welll known games without any disturbance . PHONE ISS GUD AND WIL SURELY REMOVE THE TAG OF CHINA FROM MICROMAX. ITS super stylish too ;)
no doubt that this phone is one of the best phone under 10k the touch is really smooth i hav used both samsung and micromax phone but i hav to say touch of dis phone is great till now i purchased this phone 4 month ago its working really smooth ,camera is ok not lyk samsung but its ok. battery backup is not so good , if u use net or play games it will last long for 7-8 hours and if u r not a phone sticker it can extend to more than 2 days too.sound iss great iff we compare it with its relative phones. its superfast no hang problem till now because of its smooth operating system. kingsoft is too a gud app u get wid dis phone. u can play all the welll known games without any disturbance . PHONE ISS GUD AND WIL SURELY REMOVE THE TAG OF CHINA FROM MICROMAX. ITS super stylish too ;)
no doubt that this phone is one of the best phone under 10k the touch is really smooth i hav used both samsung and micromax phone but i hav to say touch of dis phone is great till now i purchased this phone 4 month ago its working really smooth ,camera is ok not lyk samsung but its ok. battery backup is not so good , if u use net or play games it will last long for 7-8 hours and if u r not a phone sticker it can extend to more than 2 days too.sound iss great iff we compare it with its relative phones. its superfast no hang problem till now because of its smooth operating system. kingsoft is too a gud app u get wid dis phone. u can play all the welll known games without any disturbance . PHONE ISS GUD AND WIL SURELY REMOVE THE TAG OF CHINA FROM MICROMAX. ITS super stylish too ;)
fast delivery..good product..good packing..but will not purchase any phone from flipkart again after 1 got a fake sony xperia c from here... but this micromax phone is good
This product has been a fantastic phone for this budget. It's touch screen is very responsive as it's features don't match any other phone of this price, the packaging by flipkart was very good, with no complaints. The phone is a bomb, don't think twice if you have limited budget, this phone will not let you down as it is beautiful in looks and features to boast....
Great mobile at a great price.. Good user interface...The touch is very good, icture quality is a bit compromising, especially when clicking pictures in lowlight but net speed is good
it is a good phone from micromax with fair amount of advantages and some limitations Pros: Touch is very soft and look wise i give 5 star to the phone. never hang even on a heavy application use. nice call quality Android 4.2.2 Jellybean runs perfectly making the use of this device even better. The 5" screen is amazing Cons: Battery could have been better (It is 2000mAH, coming for a day with heavy use. camera quality has lot to improve. Low Loud Speaker volume.
This is my first smart phone and after much consideration & various comparison I zeroed upon this model. This is the best ph avaiablae at 10K range. Pros as below. Pros : - Beautiful touch - great attery backup , lasts for 24 to 30 hours with continuious data & whatsApp - clear sound clarity - no lag - amazing clear display - nice camera.... front cam cud have been better. - no heating Cons : 1. Not any for my kind of usage... no gaming tried
Was eagerly waiting to receive my Micromax canvas 2.2 A114 :mobile from your office And as per schedule the mobile was promptly delivered Working of the phone is good It has many novel features Many new apps are available which are very useful In terms star I rate it *****
product is good, we all check the specs so no need to mention that part, i used this phone earlier too, in this price bracket Micromax has an edge, 5 inch qHD , you will enjoy. battery is 8/10 which i experienced even in apple too :) Enjoy shopping with flipie bcz dey r offering d best.
i hav been using this phone for a long time since 6 months....but till now not even a single cons i hav noticed...it is worth buying...i just love this phone..camera quality is vry good..no lagging which is a major issue...enough memory n ram for smooth working..stylish looks specially the white...just i feel the battery is a bit on low..get discharged quickly if used fr a few hrs with internet active.....bt over all a grt buy...goo fr it...
This phone is bang on value for money product...look is elegant....performance is more than satisfactory...So overall a good product at exceptionally low price..
first by seeing the image i thought it will not be nice , but it is really nice ,it has many features that 20000 rs phone has ,white colour is really nice.
I am very satisfied with this phone. Bought this 2 months ago and it's working smooth and awsome. It has everything which a smart phone needs to have. Fabulous operating system and it's features made it different from the other phone at the same range or even much expensive phone. On top of this buying this phone from Flipkart will make it a best deal with great services. Recommend everyone to buy this.. No issues whatsoever till now related to any lag or slow responses.
micromax canvas 2.2 a 114 recently i take this mbl im fully satisfied.it reaches my mark.camara clarity is dam good n mbl also 2 fast
This phone is totally awesome. No lags at all, while playing high end games. Using it from last one month but no problems at all till now. The only cons in this phone is its sound. The sound production of this phone is not up to the mark. Well if you are a hard-core music listener / a musician think twice before buying this one. On the other hand it can't be said that the sound is bad. It is good for normal users. I'm a music producer myself & I've tested the sound with "Tekfusion Twinwoofers", "Creative EP 630" & "Sony MDR-XB30EX Extra-Bass Stereo Headphones". But I don't like its sound quality. Micromax must also focus on improving the music listening experience on their products. Or people like us will have a heart break.
I am fully satisfied with this product and flip kart servcie too. --> display is good --> battery is coming for me 3-4 days if im using only calls 1.5 day if im use 2-3 hours data connection -->performance good while playing games -->and the rest are same as previous models I have changed address two times while delivery of product but the support team dint hesitated to service my request.
A awesome mobile at 10. something buks.excellent speed,display,sound,style.u wd like it.8mp camera is not as expected.overall good.
bought it from a store and it looks awesome to me....go for this and u will never ever repent... the pros are: good memory cam is okay speed is awesome with quad core display is tooo too good. proximity new features are fabulous games are like with lightening speed.
This phone is awesome.Nice camera,display,battery comapared to other phones specially samsung grand.Speaker is a bit less loud.Good budget phone.
Phone is best in looks & features below 10K. Battery last just for a day, but its not an issue. But its a good option if you are looking a phone below 10K with a brand Micromax. ;)
I ordered this mobile last month for my brother from flipkart and till now there are no issues with it. This is a awesome phone at such a low price, the best you can get ever in competition with other brands even when compared with other micromax canvas phones. In low cost mobile phone you won't better display and camera but this phone is exceptional. I have compared the display with almost all phones in same price range and this is the best of all. The touch of this phone is also very good. Except the headphones that comes in the box everything is fine with this phone. The box also doesn't contain flipcover and scratch guard. Since the price is low you can spent another 1k for this. I am so impressed with this phone that I have again ordered this phone from flipkart for myself. I say decent because this phone don't give a single feeling of china made phone.
Very nice mobile, I had Micromax a110q handset. compare to A110Q this A114 has much more updated version. User friendly and Speed too
Service that I received from u was excellent.....turned out to be good decision to buy canvas 2.2 from flipkart...thank you once again.
This is a good Budget Phone. Camera is not worth 8MP. If we leave the camera then everything else is good in this phone. Picture Quality is also very good.
Flipkart Rocks in Delivery. Superb Speed. Its really a good mobile, excellent features. Good speed. No Lag. Camera & Display Good. Go for it..... if u need a mob around 10K
i bought this phone recently its better than other mobile phone. It has brilliant features like 8 mega pixel camera front 2 meha pixel and gesture sensor. After using this phone m totally satisfied with this phone
I was very afraid of buying these micromax products... finally took a chance to buy A114... good phone ..worth a money spent ... and no question about Flipkart service
I bought this product for my cousin and it worked for two weeks, after that it was making trouble, restarts automatically every few hours. I check every possible solution, nothing worked. Finally one fine day, the phone got switched off and did not start again. I believed Micromax is one of the good brand, but not really. I gave it to service center, have to check if they solve the problem.
I purchased the phone on 29th may and as usual Flipkart delivery was too good receiving it on 31st. About the phone... + Very stylish and sleek + Full HD recording + Touch and sensitivity is brilliant + Decent interior memory for apps 1.4GB and 1GB internal + 1GB RAM and 4GB ROM makes the phone quick and responsive - Battery life is a bit low. Drains quickly wit internet usage - Camera is not go great in night mode - Resolution could have been better. But still more than enough Overall it is a wonderful piece and I would highly recommend it for the specifications are too good at this price. Well Done Micromax !!!
If you are looking for a budget phone which can be compared to Galaxy S3 yet costs half of its price go for this mobile.. My experience with this mobile has been really awesome . I haven't faced any lagging issues till now after almost 4 months of rigorous usage. It can perform at par with galaxy S3 and maybe even better as the benchmarks give it very high score.... at a price of around 10000 .. This phone is really a marvel... The display is also very good and I feel that for daily usage this phone is the best and it does not hurt your pocket also... If you are comfortable in carying a phone having a micromax logo in it , then this is the best mobile..
After 2 months of use here is my view about Canvas a114. Positives: 1) Display(though color saturation not that great) 2) 1gb ram(good no of free ram) 3)Camera(day) quality better with camera360 4) Usb otg(also works as a power bank) 5) Fast charging(Avg 1%/1min, 1.2%/ 1min upto 90%) 6) Gps works offline( Really fast gps lock) 7) Design(White) 8) Performance very good(q core) 9) Not heat so much Negatives: 1)Headphone sound quality below avg 2)Camera(night)very grainy & focusing is slow 3)Flash is not that powerful 4)After some shot pic comes out blurry bt good wt camera360 This mobile is perform very well, built in ui is slow bt wt Tsf shell it is very fast. I have total 187 apps including 28 casual games (including temple run2, temple run Oz, tennis 3d, fruit ninja, papa pear saga, homerun battle 3d, raging thunder II, Dr.driving, beach buggy blitz zombie smasher etc) bt phon is works perfectly well, I noticed llittle lag while playing temple run Oz only 2-3 times in whole 2months. I disappoint for its Headphone sound quality, I have galaxys Headphone bt sound is not good also in it. Focusing capability of Main camera is not great. Its take blurry pictures bt sometimes takes well detailed pictures. But with app camera360 its take very good images, Some shots are really looking awesome with good details & good color saturation. This app works well also in low light bt low light focusing is slow, Front camera clarity is acceptable but color is dump. Hope camera quality improve after kitket update(focusing issue). Before I buying this phn I was worried about it's ppi(220) bt it's not a issue, believe me 220ppi is enough for clearly view pic & video. Though display color is good bt its saturation could have been better. Horizontal viewing angle of display is awesome bt from some corner display looking slightly black shade. Last word for 10-11k it is a allround performer. Points out of 10(from my experience) : 1) Display.......................7.5 2) Design....................... 8.0 3) Performance............ 8.5 4) Camera(day).............7.0 5) Camera(night)..........4.5 6) Front camera...........5.0 7) Music(quality)......... 7.0 8) Music(loud)..............7.0 9) Music(headphn)......3.5 10) Overall....................7.4(except night, front, Headphone quality)
this very good mobile, very smooth function, camera is good but video recording not so good, this mobile user friendly, it processor work vey fast, all type game run very well
Bought this fone soem 4 months back and it has been impressing me a lot PROS - the built is classic and elegant - the touch is smooth - The processor is ok with no lags while playing graphic intense games - Camera is OK CONS - Heats up on long internet use ( i guess most of the andriod fones do) - screen attracts fringerprints - the viewing angles could have been better
The phone is working perfectly well. The touchpad is nice. No hang up problems. Even the music and video playback is good. Battery life is good but not great. Overall happy with the phone. Nice buy in 10000 range
it seems now micromax is tremendously improving and catching up with all other big brands.... guys valuable phone .... good battery ....good performance ... good finish and style.... go and get it ...
The phone is good for the amount spent... looks nice and good There are no problem till now and it is working alright
pros- 1. awesome display 2. awesome battery life 3. comes with m security antivisrus and phone tuner 4. no lag, no hang, no restart 5. awesome camera cons 1. cannot assign photo to contact from contact 2. sound quality not best but reasonable. value for money!!
Good Product in its class can get more features by selecting other brands like Lava, Xolo, Karbonn etc. Purchasing from flipkart always pleasure Always recommend everyone
Great phone No complaints at all. Nice camera, Nice display, good battery. Speakers are not pretty good even in the headphone the sound is not good but acceptable because of other great features. I am a Happy Buyer :)
received yesterday,used thoroughly full day,performance was too good that u wont get in samsung grand and other devices in term of performance...very happy with micromax mobiles....
I using this product since 8/5/2014. Product is good but the problem is in battery. When we use this product continuous for Internet, the battery will drain quickly. Better you can buy a power bank with this. Product is good, good quality. camera is good but, the video saving mode is in 3gp. but good quality. The product is good
excellent service by flipkart. got this cell at 9750 that is 1250 cheaper to buying at the market. I was asked a price of 11000 here. Rest a great phone compared to its peers.
Hi Everyone.I have bought this phone about a month back. Here is a minor review. Camera -(7/10) Rear Camera is OK. Front could be better for a 2MP. Dont expect the quality of Xperia at its cost. Minor Glitch- as mentioned in one of the reviews,there is a static disturbance when you record video or even use sound recorder. Audio -(7/10) Sound Quality with headset/earpiece is Ok. But the headset build quality needs to improve. Display -(7/10) Display is good. Again don't expect clarity of Galaxy series phones. Performance -(8/10) It is good. as the benchmark scores in other reviews suggest. It did not lag for me (atleast till now) as I am not so a heavy user but still multitasking can be easily done. The performance of the Stock Web Browser is VERY GOOD,full marks to MMX. Battery -(6/10) -Lasts 2-3 days with a usage of overall 3 hours talking,3 hours of browsing on 2G. Wifi,surprisingly drains the battery very quickly( 2-3 hours max). Don't know if its a problem with my device. Build Quality-(7/10)-Build seems to be of good quality. Back panel is a finger print philic surface. This is my second micromax android device(after Funbook infinity). I would suggest it as a good performer for low budget,recommended mostly for college students as they can extensively use this device for Games/Social Networking and then upgrade later when they need a higher-end phone.
Very Nice and Decent Gadget ever seen that too within this price bracket. Must Grab. Black Color rocks very much.
I bought Canvas 2.2 about a month ago and I'm really impressed. The specs are quite good considering its price tag. The Mali400 MP2 GPU is far better than the PowerVR 544 used in the previous smartphones of Micromax, XOLO, Intex, Lenovo, etc. Gamers won't be disappointed. -Lag-free gaming experience(5/5) -MIUI custom rom available(Rooting required) -Camera is also pretty good(3/5) -Battery is better than what I had expected(4/5)
I use the phone a lot particularly for email and whatsapp. It is very smooth. It has a good camera, good touch sensitivity and simple to use. The only downside, which is related to the OS is that it does not allow one to attach files in gmail the way we do it normarlly, we have to first go to the file and share it from there using gmail.
Nice phone, best at its class. Camera is good. This phone has best features in multitasking, Battery stability is not up to the mark. now a days I'm facing a problem with this phone, after downloading any app from the Google Store a error is popping up on the screen "Unfortunately Launcher Failed". I really don't know how to solve this problem. Now I'm in big dilemma whether to return it or not.
i have seen speaker has a distrubance in high volume All other Spec is awesome does any one feel it soo??
Nice phone.....best at its class... Camera is good.....this phone has best features in multitasking.....battery is good....but not satisfied with ROM
Great product, fastest delivery (within 20 hours of placing the order). The price of the product is comparatively cheaper then open market retail shops. I will recommend everyone to buy from flipkart. Mobile is of great quality and looks, features are stunning. Thanks flipkart.
i bought this Micromax Canvas A114 on 14th Jan. Flipkart service was really great as they manager to deliver it on the second day itlself. the pacaging was also good. After using the mobile for around 3 months now, i can certainly comment that its performance is "GREAT". There has never been any problem in downloading and installing several apps. i mean, the system does not get any slower. Great Performance while playing some games that requires high graphic needs. battery life is also good. without being connected to internet, it stands for 2.5 days and when connected to 3G, its stands for 1 day(which is also good). All in all, its a "GREAT" buy for me.
its just an awsm smartphone.. all software running vry nyc.... touch is buttery smooth... really vry happy to get my first smart phone... luv u micromax ... and thanx alt flipkart...
Great phone. Value for money. The product is as described. Packaging was excellent. The order was delivered before the expected delivery date. Kudos Flipkart!!! I enjoy shopping here.
over all thiss phone iss good bt the problem is that it doesn't has a noise cancellation capacity or ui iss poor One more problem with my set is that it doesn't sync my fb message, f.request or notification on my phones notification pannel.....
Micromax has launched just awesome phone in this range. Everything is superb and battery backup is also good. Friends go for this phone really awesome..
Good 1. Excellent performance 2. Camera not great but medium 3. Display good 4. Battery is also good 5. Medium looks 6. Good build quality 7. Touch sensitivity is good 8. Box packing is solid and excellent Bad 1. Medium sound quality through earpiece 2. Poor quality accessories - headset 3. Lags a little if you play high end graphics game 4. Bad camera picture at low light
product is in good condition with low price... delivery is pretty fast .... hopping to continue same relation with flipkart........
it is a very good phone working fine camera is very good to take videos and bright photos nice sound and internet is so fine with it . excellent packing and delivery thanks
writing tis review after three weeks of usage... micromax canvas 2.2 a114 really a gift for smartphone beginners. because it's come around the minimum budget of Rs.10k-11k.Everything looks extraordinary in this model Such as Built Design, Multimedia Features, operating system functionality and efficiency, HD video Recording, excellent processor Ram,Rom, touch sensitivity , sensors etc.... Each and everything is awesome in this model of MMX.... and also the real competitor and challenger for samsung forthcoming versions... "And Last but not Least" a114 the best in the micromax Canvas Releases.... Perfect choice to purchase this one.... Trust Me...
price increase shows that the phone is a blockbuster,i have brought the phone below 10 k, one week back and now there is a hike in the price. coming to phone very good processing speed and never lags while playing games and during multitasking but the main drawback is the sound and call quality is low. Have to keep in outdoor mode in profile to get good sound and mmx please upgrade the earphones dumb earphones given with the phone, sounds gud in my jbl headphones even the internal equaliser not good that can be fixed by dwnlding gud player from playstore, so far so good, go for it if the budget is below 11000, battery backup is coming around 1 day for optimum use,a good app from the playstore help to prevent the juice from excess draining apart from sound everything is good so far and led notification is a charm
i bought this from flipkart at 10250 15 Apr 2014 Brilliant device I bought this phone from local market for 10,600 on 26th march and I waited for 3 weeks before giving review so that I can give an appropriate one So lets start with pros:- 1.) The best thing about this phone is performence. It has a 1.3 GHz mediatek mt6582m quad core chipset with mali-400mp.... (Expand)
Hi guys... this phone is very nice.........for rs 10000..it is worth...touch screen is very sensitive.....
I have been using this for past 2 months. 1. Phone looks good and elegant. 2. You can Play all hard core games. officially play store does not support some games for this device due to android version. 3. Camera good in day light, indoor photo during night okay. not good for distant objects. 4. Some time phone goes repeated reboot if you install third party app from Internet. 5. To keep ram you have to force stop app running in background. overall for a price tag good phone. first time need to charge fully. after that next charging it goes to 99% quickly. wait for some 30 min. then battery will be fully charged. always charge battery full.
i just compare this phone with a116i and i don't not find much difference , some people are saying speaker is low but i found , its louder than a116i. Not much difference on screen resolution.This is good hogh end phone at low price but don't compare this with samsung , bcoz there is a huge price difference.
This Phone Is the Best Ever For This low Budget Price,And Could Recommend You to Buy this.Its Better and durable and quite awesome too,Just go for It You will Not get Better Phone than this..., around 10,000
1st of all Hats Off to Flipkart delivery.... Product was received in a very good condition...... this is value for money product.... features are awesome..... no one can beat Micromax in this price category... if u can increase ur budget a bit....then gionee elife E3 is a must buy cellphone. ....thanx.
i'm buy this phone in january last. all features r great good phone but some bugs r there. 1. light sensor not work in sun light when someone call. 2. normal earphone not supported. 3. when u restart the phone some apps icon got twice. 4. battery backup is average. 5. recharge time 99-100% is about 1:30 hour. 6. call, speaker, music quality not good. no doubt flipkart service r good.
i am very happy to buy this mobile . this mobile is very good and working very fine . all quility is very gud
If your want to buy mobile upto 10K then I sure u. ....MICROMAX A114 is best option for you.....everything is fine except.....camera.....in low light......else....in day light camera is better as compare to other mobile....!!
The phone looks as promising as quoted by others in the review section. Flipcart, as always exceeds expectation.
flipcart is done a good job in quick delivery..This is very gud mob!! the out look of d mob s very slim..perfect 2 hold And d software nd built quality is very nice! ghd..1gb ram..4gb ROM..camera 8mp wth front camera 2mp..jelly bean 4.2.2! if u r in d budget around 10000, go for it!!
Full value for money and that too lower in budget than actual store price All credit to Flipkart for providing awesome product
Comparatively low price. Quick and early delivery of the product than expected date. Packing of the sealed original product in sealed packet is genuine very safe and in good condition. About the Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 is very good. Proud to have the phone. Big screen, Very good camera resolution, Browsing and scrolling without lagging, very fast. Light weight and handy.
This is the first time that I ordered something through flipkart,It was really easy and nice to order, the product was delivered as per the service guarantee.I will Certainly give flipkart another chance for further business.
Paisa vasool phone.! Got at a lower price than in retail shop near by. Really a phone worth the amount. The resolution is too good and seems to prove whatever was specified in its details. Flipkart thank you very much
First I was a bit apprhensive in buying this phone :- My friends said - Micromax phone are not good.. better opt for Samung.. But i tell u guys this phone simply rocks... My friend has got a Samsung and to my surprise his set is getting heated after long use after 4 months of purchase.. And here I'm happily using my Micromax with no such issues... :) The battery could be a bit better though. Nevertheless... Thumbs Up Micromax..!! U deserve it..!!!
Hi Friends, This one is an amazing piece. Initially I was a bit reluctant to buy this fone after having used Samsung Note / S4 for past 2 years. But believe me guys, it is better than these big brands. Touch is good. Battery life is also good. It lasts for 24 hrs with normal usage. No lags at all. At this price this is the best bet..
I bought this 2 weeks ago from flipkart @ 10,250, its packing and delivery is good. When it comes for mobile set it is having qHD and the display is super you can watch HD movies as the screen is big enough. Its sound quality is good enough battery life is average but it will last for day on heavy usage on internet, gaming and video watching and mp3 toooo. and the set slim enough to grab ur attention :) Im totally satisfied with this and also recommend
I was a bit hesitant before purchasing a phone by a local brand. After quite a bit of research I made up my mind for this product. I have used two samsung phones previously. Though they were made by an MNC, still they were made in China and right after one and half years they started giving me problems that a typical samsung product will give (hanging problem, slowdown problem, at times I had to remove my battery three-four times to make a call). Same holds true with Sony. Given my budget I found Canvas 2.2 to be the best one. It has brilliant display with vibrant colour production, good pixel density, above average camera that takes excellent videos and photos in daylight, super fast processor, smooth touch experience. Voice clarity is good. I have a JBL earpiece. It produces great sound. Initially there was a problem with ending a call in bright daylight, but somehow it automatically got fixed. I wish it had 8GB of internal storage. As far as battery is concerned, it is nothing great but manageable...
Worst phone. Go for Moto G. I bought this phone and days after my friend bought Moto G. His phone is the best under 20000. This one sucks!! What a bad company is Micromax. motorola, the best since 1928. *-*
Im using this phone since 2 months ,there are no isues till date.Performanace is good and can add many games and apps.Thanks micromax for such a good phone in 11k budget.
IPS display heavy benchmark big screen with good resolution camera is also good with this price range
i have brought this canvas 2.2 before 7 days ego..when i first got the phone i was vry hpy by saw this..nice configurations overall...but in night scene the camera quality is nt up 2 d mark...net speed is very high,,,sound is also good...front camera is awesome..display is as good as galaxy grand..go for it....
very Good Fone Great Gaming Performance very smooth interface i really like this fone and you also like it
I bought this phone in flipkart today . It has very sensitive touch and clarity of the phone is also good i bought this phone under 10k . But 2000 mah battery is not sufficient for this mobile . but overall the phone is good
the fone is gud 4 d daily uses btry lyf is sufficient cmra gud qulty but blurrd images wen zoomed touch is smooth ovrol gud fone 4 avg users.... using 4m lst 3 days prices flucuating continously got it 4 rs 9811.. satisfied
Good Phone,am using for last 3 month good performance,more over flipkart isTrusted site to buy the products what we need.
for me this is the best phone in the history of microamx this is best in 20000 . i hve this phone and its speed lighting fast, no hangs, no lags, excellent performance, superb features. If u don't this phone so u r very unlucky i m using this phone for 4 months this is the best i hve ever use better than samsung good batterylife also supports all bluetooth headsets, don't go with the fake comments they are haters of this phone...this is the best phone trust me...best phone under 11000...just buy it and make this phone the phone of 2014..
Good Product at price of 10K. below scores are impressive if compared to a phone of 10k approx benchmark scores: Antutu- 17216, Quadrant- 6050 & Vellamo HTML5- 2040 and it has 5 point multi touch overall good phone but service center is poor
Value for money. I am extremely satisfied with the item. Screen resolution is pretty good along with that battery back up is also perfect.
I have bought this phone 2 months back, not from Flipkart at Rs.10,500!!! Cons: 1. Awesome Touch screen 2. Good Camera 3. Can Connect with Wifi/Bluetooth 4. Can charge with any mini USB pin with PC as well 5. Quad Core Processor is awesome - Can easily play game of size 1 GB(Road Racer 3) like butter 6. 1GB ram make for good performance 7. Expandable memory is added advantage. Only one small negligible con they should provide more power to battery. Final Conclusion: Worth for money. And more than this it is Indian Brand, Be Indian and Buy Indian. Far better than Korean companies like Samsung and LG, who just loot us.
Hi dis is really good smart phone to buy. Camera is good. Video HD recording is nice. 5 inch display is too good. 3G internet is so fast with 1.2Ghz processor.
My first smartphone was Micromax Superfone A52 and I was amazed by its performance and value for money. When I wanted to upgrade to a better phone, I browsed across so many brands and possibilities. But Micromax amazed me again with Canvas 2.2 A114 with its killer specs and an absolutely delighting price tag. The features that stand out mostly is its camera picture quality and display screen with really good viewing angles. The phone looks really amazingly stylish with its glossy finish. Its battery lasts for an handsome 16-20hrs thus you will need to charge it once a day for average use while I indicate Calls, Music, Video, Games and WiFi Browsing in equal proportions. Performance on daily basis is good and I do not expect a beast at this price tag. Micromax could have given cases or covers and also the package lacks screen guard. Flipkart gave me this at lowest possible price which no other site could offer. Prompt delivery and superior packing. This is a VFM Set and it beats almost all of its contemporaries. Go for it, it adds to your style quotient too :-)
Micromax canvas 2.2 a114 is very goog mobile 1.3gh prosccer is very fast prosccer and 4gb rom 1 gb ram samsung grand no efforts 15000 rs micromax canvas 2.2a114 prushe is mobile is middle class family
Bought it 4 moths ago. So far it is good. Lightweight. Nice cam. and many more. Decent one. Worth for the price.
I have brought this phone for Rs. 10,700 ( NOT FROM FLIPKART ) & was highly impressed by its performance. Its an Awesome Phone & can easily compete with phones of prize range between Rs. 20,000-25,000. MICROMAX ROCK'SSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this ph. has very good functions what i need it, I got all my requirement in this price. proud to be indian micromax... Thank you..
Best delivery time... Received the product in 3 working days... The product is superb ....Value for money...
Fabulous phone from micromax bagged with some amazing features like high def camera, fast processor, spacious storage, good display and long lasting battery life. Micromax Canvas 2.2 has performed brilliantly in the various benchmark tests...... i see no reason to rate this product any less than 5 also thanks to flipkart and wsretail.
I bought it over a month back..and the phone is really good..for the price range of 10-12K this phone has features which can easily beat features of other branded phone in the range of 15-18K. I'm not a gadget freek but I found this phone a very good value for money
I have been a IPHONE user for a very long time and after lots of research I bought this for my brother. Although I was sceptical about micromax due to the cost factor I went for it and definitely worth the price. The phone is awesome. The screen is 5 inch and crystal clear. Very responsive touch. Android 4.2.2 works like charm. I also have a Samsung galaxy tab and that too sometimes is slow however this phone is superb. Indeed Micromax has done a god job for this. The finishing is very nice. Its ultra light weight. The button below are not visible and illuminate when pressed. The light appears a bit dim however for a regular android user its ok. Videos play like charm and even when u view it from side there is no darkness and viewing angles are really good. The camera is clear and images are sharp even in zoom.All in all good package
Thanks to flipkart for wonderful quick delivery. According to Product Just I am using from last two days. My experience is very nice. 1. IPS display 2. Good Ram speed 3. 5 inch screen. Overall Product is very good.
I got this phone at INR 9400 Approx on flipkart after a Cash back of 10% on HSBC Credit Cards. I am really amazed by the Phone's performance. Micromax have come a long way in terms of Performance & Quality, though not great, but no complaints at this price. I am Very Happy with the Phone
i am using this phone for almost 2 months and i must say it is a gud beast to own,it has good built and performance,it has benchmark score of 17570 on antutu which is better than even nexus 4, battery backup is decent.when i was about to buy a phone ,i was looking for a phone with good looks and solid performance and good camera,i almost read every review of every phone under 12k and i went on to buy this product,well if you have budget of around 10k,you should buy this..
we know its a china mobile....so once its gone, we have to looks for another mobile.....keep it safe as far as possible.....but other wise its a gud one
its awesome mobile !!!! you can buy this mob... without any problem....no lagging while playing any game !! camera result awesome!!!!!!
awsome one may be nearly getting an kitkat update handle with care because of the screen low battery problems
I bought it before 1 month.. I m very much satisfied.. Very best phone for this price.... I love my phone...
worth buying this product got this at 9855 Thank you flipkart for this price packaging was also good got it in 4 hours after the order must buy produck aroun 10 k
Great Value for money.... micromax is really doing great business now... Flipkart ... really appreciate your service... :D:D:D i have ordered priced more than a lac from you guys n there no problem what so ever... Keep up the great work... :D:D:D
i personally buyed the phone when it get launched ..,. tell yu supperb phone in the price band today i ordered it again for my cousin... satisfied by flipkart service to... too fast
Worth buying at this rate. Have been using this phone for the last 6 months and great going at this price :)
Amazing Phone The video recording quality is pretty good! No other Micromax phone can match this one at this or below this price.
Firstly thanks a lot to flipkart!! Received my order flat within two days..and as always kudos to Flipkart for the meticulous packaging..you guys are really good at that..!! Now a little about the product.. read a lot of reviews about different types of cellphones within this price range (bought it at 10188 INR) but none matched the specifications of Canvas A114.. It comes with 5" screen with qHD resolution of 960 x 540 pixels..Viewing angles are pretty good..Touch is smooth and responsive.This dual SIM (Normal SIM slot) handset runs on Android 4.2.2 OS.There are accelerometer, light and proximity sensors. It houses an 8MP rear and a 2MP front camera which in this price range is a decent catch..Video quality is good. And it plays full HD videos with ease.. The device has 4GB ROM and a microSD slot for further expansion.. The device features the MediaTek MT6582M chipset, which happens to be a variation of the latest quad core chipset from MediaTek and is clocked at 1.3GHz..Antutu scores of this processor are nearly equal to Qualcomms Snapdragon S4 Pro The GPU is Mali 400 which makes performance pretty smooth..installed Modern combat 4 and Asphalt 8 on the external SD card. Game play was extremely smooth and could play Asphalt 8 in highest graphics mode with ease.The benchmark scores are quite impressive.. The phone comes with a battery which is a standard 2000mAh unit which gives a decent 6-8 hours of moderate to heavy usage of surfing, calls, video chat and playing games.. No issues with 3G, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. Sound is loud and clear. GPS on the Micromax A114 is just awesome.. So on the down side ,the qHD display is a little disappointing as is the ROM which could have been a little more.. All in all an aweeesoome cell within this price range!!
i had suggestd this phone to my frnd venkyy.it is jst amazing .gys though i hve micromax a76 i had used a114.bt my frnd venketesh chidambaran is looking forward fr a114.i promisd hm that this phone is rocking in all its features.gys i suggest that around 10k it is the supr phone.hate samsung ,sony.anf if uall believe in ma wrds grab itt soonnnnnnnnnnnnn ..!!!!!!!!!
less cost, good performance, big screen, good looking finish good touch senstivity, bright flash, good camera, ease of use, app handling is good
Nice mobile and good performance and less weight mobile . touch sensivity is good compared with other canvas series and iam happy to use it .
I have used this mobile during 3 months. Its really superb in operation.good look,Internet browsing very fast.Battery back up also superb.micromax really rocks
A very good mobile in this price range. I am very happy as Canvas user. Others are charging more for same mobile configuration but this is more better than those brand name. I love India and Canvas HD
I would not say much, it is just a value for money phone, and the most important fact is, I brought this product at 10,250 /- you get, a 1.3 gig clock speed, powered by a quad core engine, wid an on board GPU which can play descent games, a camera, nearly descent in daylight, don't expect it to be great during low light off course, and, a slim design.. all in all, you don't get all this stuff at 10.25k..Thank you flipkart.
The product delivered was nicely packed,,the phone was as per the specifications.. the delivery was before time... well informed about the whereabouts by mail and sms about delivery status
Value for Money........ for the last 1.5 months I was trying to come out with a defect but I was unable to find any........ :) this is just amazing........the display is just addictive,the 1GB RAM (974 available) is a gift at this price but the camera is disappointing in its class accompanied by a crap flash light which can only b better utilised as a torch the rest are already stated above.......this is the best Canvas at this price..........only MAGNUS can override it
i booked the phone on fridai 2.00 pm and i got the delivery on next day 05.00 pm The phone was received in good conditioned as menioned on the website
I didnt bought Micromax Canvas 2.2 from flipkart, but bought it from a normal shop for Rs. 10,500 on 18th March, 2014... till today, the phone is working superb.... i am getting 1 day 22 hrs battery back up with wifi connectivity at almost time, games working without any lag ( credits to 1.3 quad core processor and 1 GB ROM ), nice interface, and the superior thing is the display, which is very good compared to the canvas 2 plus's.... has many options for photography with 8 mega pixel primary cam and 2 mega pixel secondary cam...as the apps can be moved to external sd card, so it wont make us worry for the memory space ( has 4 GB internal space, with 2GB user accessible... ) overall, its a nice budget phone under price tag 11,000 ( round off )... would recommend to buy for 11,000 ( round off value )
THIS PHONE IS JUST AWSOME AT THIS PRICE POINT...SUPER COOL DELIVERY BY FLIPKART. ITS BIT BIG IN HANDS BUT GOOD FOR CHILDREN TO PLAY GAMES AND OTHER ENTERTAINMENTS....
Friends Except battery its worth for 10 k . Camera for low light is dull other than its working fine without lag for high quality games . Its run very smooth and soft touching . Processor is Awesome with 1.3 Gt Quad core with 1 gb ram. Screen resolution is good like samsung and htc .. Its seems like gorilla glass no scratching.
Just got my canvas 2.2 today..earlier i have used galaxy grand.it stands nowhere as compared to canvas 2.2 pros i found in this are 1.screen resolution 2.built quality 3.performance is just awesome,u can play almost any game or open 10 things at a time,it never lags like grand some of the cons are 1.camera doesnt luk like a real 8mp cam,quality is just above average,not too gud 2.call quality is ok types so all in all a worth buy if u r luking for a mobile around 10k with brilliant specifications
Absolutely worth buying.... Good Battery backup, awesome display and clarity is excellent. Sound quality can be increased. User friendly interface... Worth buying this mobile at this price.. Good work from Micromax...
Purchased this Phone for my wife. Really nice feature and smooth touch functionality. The pre installed apps are nice and good. Installed angry bird game and running smoothly without any jerking. The wi-fi functionality is superb. The other features like, transition, look-n-feel, graphics, video resolution and user interface is so nice and user friendly. The camera and HD recording feature is beyond my expectation. Really very cool and updated version. There are so many mode of editing your snapped photo. Battery backup is a bit low and sound quality is not like Samsung phone but better than Nokia. You must go for it.
I bought this phone for my brother 10 days before. the phone is pretty smooth and till now there is no lag issues camera is good . This is the best phone in 10k price range As always flipkart service is very fast, it takes 2 days to deliver this phone
Just a excellent phone in this price range in every aspect. Nice looking, good display with 1gb RAM make it superior.
As prices, Very good, Nice display nice processor speed and no hang issue.As prices, Very good, Nice display nice processor speed and no hang issue.
light weight superb performance good display ( not so brighter like samsung but ok at this price ) nice gaming experience good camera.result is not so good in less light. mobile is little heated while play game.
This phone is every thing you expect and much much more. I will definitely recommend this on to my friends and family!
Awesome Phone you can call it dream come true with more functions & apps in best price. awesome touch system .
Value for Money Battery Back up is good with single Sim Front Camera is Worst Back Camera is Good resolution get blur when u zoom in overall it's good Phone
micromax canvas 2.2 a114 mobile screen is superv and camera quality fine and battery is not good decent used in 1 to 1.5 days and continuous use the mobile only 4 hours using but, low prize mobile thank u flipkart ......order within 3 days coming mobile, filpkart service is good
The Phone is working good. Speed is amazing. I have been using this for the past two months. Still now i didn't see any issues. Battery backup is coming for me for almost 2.5 days for normal usage. If i use 3g extensively then it is coming for alomost more than a day.
Best smartphone around 10k with gud specification and gud battery back up lasts for a day.......customization done on visuals and smart gesture also works......it supports otg which means u can watch movies in phone by conncting pen drive using otg cable.
I just bought this phone on Thursday and it was delivered on Saturday itself, although the delivery date was three days later...really happy with the prompt delivery of Flipkart. About the phone, I must say its really a good phone and value for money(10,249 Rs). I own a samsung galaxy S-II and bought this phone for dad, let me tell you the screen is far better than S-II. PROS: 1) Brighter and better screen resolution 2) Battery back up is also really good 3) Camera is also quite good but can't be better than S-II CONS: 1) Flip cover is not included in the box unlike other Micromax phones 2) Speaker output is a bit low, but can be managed 3) Display doesn't have a good viewing angel
Using this phn get better experience but camera is not much better but overall this phn is great for gaming and videos but charge it for twice in a day. At seller point nice shipping and great packing for product Flipkart rocks.
Must buy. Wonderful performance. No need to spend more just for brands like samsung, sony etc. This is great for the price
very smooth to operate,but i did not get how to check ROM memory(4gb) please help me about that.procesor is good for gaming hi resolution games
Superb Buy. Trouble free, value for money. Within Budget and with all the features and speed of operations. A must buy, rather than other hyped phones
First of all delivery time was awesome, i received in 1 day. Mobile visual quality, sound quality everything is perfect.
Delivery was very prompt by Flipkart, as usual. This smartphone has features that are comparable with phones of several other renowned makes with cost almost double. Performance of the device is quite satisfactory. Overall, it is a good value for money.
excellent phone- beautiful display- got it for 9855/- from flipkart- excellent service- overall extremely satisfied
helloo my friends, my name is Hiralal. i'm lit bit cnfused for order ths priduct. bcz ths 1st which i buying frm online. bt after thnkng so much. finally i ordrd ths product.. the service of ths product s really super fast. i orderd ths product on 9th March at around 6.30 pm.. nd On 11th march. in the mrning 11 pm. the prodct is in my place... i shockd, after seeing instnt service of ths product... nd happy also.. the micrimax canvas 2.2.. really awesome phone. smooth touch. camera quality s also nice.. i recognize to all.. buy ths product.... it s awesome phone.. i'm in jst lve with ths phone..:p
the device is very good and excellent condition without any defects thanks to flipkart made my product delivery on time . i was bit worried about device before delivery weather it is genuine or not but in end no worries , every thing is in excellent condition , go ahead and buy the product if u really want at low price (my product was delivered by WS Retail Seller thanks to them also) the device is rolling like a beast!!!!!!! :-):-)
I am writing this review after a week inspection of my phone. Good Point-Light Weight,Big Screen,Automatic Light sensor,Slim Construction,good touch response. Bad Point- Camera Quality Is not that good But for me it's good and Earphone is not all good.
Bought it from open market for Rs. 10600, Not from flipkart. But flipkart is offering for Rs. 10249. It is the best price of this phone. Now some cons and pros - Pros - 1. Screen Quality is good, better then canvas 2 but slightly lower then Canvas HD 2. Premium looks and sleek design. 3. Good battery backup, much better then Galaxy Grand 4. Good Camera Quality, Outdoor Images are sharp, decent for indoor use also. 5. User Interface is awesome, much better then Samsung TouchWiz Cons - 1. Videos are recorded in Full HD but in 3gp Format, also have some background noice like a beep sound in video recording. 2. Earphones are of cheap quality 3. Internal sound is poor even I tried my sennheiser headphone on this phone but output is very poor like a radio, external speaker sound is good. 4. No screen guard and flip cover is provider with the phone by company. Conclusion - Overall it is a nice phone with decent camera and screen quality. Good phone in its class and and at this price range.
this is my first phone from micromax i've used many phones from other brands sony,samsung nokia an moto . and the fact is this phone is value for money. i got this phone from local retailer not the flipkart . and micromax is changer alotttt improved phone with better built quality pros :- camera , speaker , screen is super smooth , processor and gpu , OTG is supported wow. con:- for me nothing :D guys buy this ffrom local shop :) or else but always check your phone before buying !
Awesome phone, go for it ..... 1.3 ghz quad core, ips display, full HD, Dual Sim , 5 Inch, great service by flipkart
Hi All I am using this handset since 2 months. This mobile is having good performance and the clarity is also really high. I installed many apps;. but the performance is really good after that also.. Getting a good featured phone at this price is really unexpectable........... no words to explain. So dont think anymore... Go for it.. The fastest delivery and service provided by Flipkart is really appreciable... Thanks to flipkart too *Note: If you dont wish to go for Micromax brand.. you can for Moto -G which is a very good alternate option. And that too of Motorolo Thanks
initially the phn shows some prob bt knw it is working properly nd working speed is very fast as compaired to samsung core nd other cell in thiz price range.. + point - wprking speed,net surfing speed,touch, -ve point- screen quality, camera quality nt so good, as well as sound quality on speaker
I am enjoying with my a114 every feature that a smart phone should have included in this phone. My suggestion is to buy this phone
Found this phone very good. But A116i is a better deal. The only drawback with Micromax phones is there is no custom ROM available for it. I own Motorola Defy which has fantastic developer community and is running Kitkat 4.4.2 smoothly, thus reviving it. This support wont be available for Micromax phones. Otherwise this is pure value of money. Performance wise too its close to Moto G (got almost identical scores on Antutu)
Overall the phone is very good as per the price it have. Battery is for 1 day with data connection. Good phone with budget price.
wonderful phone. only problem is battery if used for both the sim. otherwise its superb in performance.
I booked this phone 26 feb 2014 after 6 pm and got it on 1 march.phone is very good.the thing which is i not liked abt this phone is that call quality is not so gud nd phn is slippery in the hand although it is not a con but u have to be very careful abt handling.whatever but this phone is awesome... From me 9 out of 10.
Buy it without any delay. 5.5 stars out of 5. Ram is fast. Camera is good. Battery is also good. does not hang at all. and at last price best of all.
The mobile is really good.It's screen and camera quality is really good but battery sucks up very fast.Gaming is very good but in high resolution gaming phone heated fast. overall if ur budget is 10.5k then it is best phone.Better than Samsung and Htc phone.
Hats off Flipkart. Deliveried in two days from delhi to chennai. Good packing. No lag or struck while playing games. Nice headset to hear songs and FM. All the features are nice.Go ahead with this mobile. And it supports dual regular sims.
I bought this Phone 2 weeks back from Mobile store for 10750. Though was bit nervous to buy a smart phone of Micromax. I have not used Samsung or Nokia smart phones but i must admit Micromax has done a pretty good job with its smart phones. It has provided all the latest specs with a very competitive price. The phone works perfectly fine with no issues as of now. My experience with 2 weeks of usage- Touch is good and easy to scroll, Voice clarity - Great and clear Camera- is just awesome, 8MP gives very good clarity & even 2MP is descent Battery - Initially got nervous when it was draining out in a day. But when i switched off all the un-necessary applications (GPS, Data usage, Vibrate alerts for anything, screen brightness etc) its perfectly fine with almost 2.5/3 days of usage. (with continuous internet usage through wi-fi ). The phone needs care and a flip cover is must for this one. Overall i am satisfied with this phone..
Exept for the compass feature everything else in this device is awesome my personal opinion towards this mobile did not have high expectations but after i tested it is an amazing phone i love it
evrythng is good,i am using frst tym smart phone...and till now i m nt hving any problem... 1gm ram makes my phone really fast...wifi fast but 3g is slow....
Excellent performance easy to use. Battery standby as well as to my usage (abount 60calls) it give performance whole day.
best mobile, i purchased 20 days back, up to now i did'nt get any hanging problem, really worth for money
One of the best mobile from Micromax...!!!!! 1.3GHZ Processor is jus stunning...! The mobile had never hanged a single tym.!! The camera Clarity is good.! Only defect is tht battery nd its not a big issue. If Ur Budget is 10.3k go with canvas 2.2....!
When i was looking around for a mobile below 15,000, My first option was Samsung .But when i saw micromax canvas at the first sight itself i like the look ,features and i am impressed.It have all the features ,so i didn't go for further search now am happy with my micromax
i bought it 20days before. every hing is fine and superub . micromax has to give flip cover for this product.in my openion it s awesome
This is truly value for money. Pros: 1) The screen display is wonderful - large, bright, and yet the phone is so light. 2) The battery lasts for a long time , if you do not play games such as Candy Crush 3) The touch screen is very responsive, in fact I chose the slow response as my mother would otherwise have had a problem with the rapid responsiveness. Cons: 1) The phone's volume output is at the back of the phone and this reduces the volume if one places the phone with the screen facing up.
Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 is an excellent phone with android jelly bean and quad core processor.This phone is perfect phone till date i have not faced any problem,only battery life is not good at all if you use this phone a lot for a day then you need to charge for two to three times a day.This is the only disadvantage of this phone other than this it all ok.I will recommend it to everybody who want to buy a phone in this budget.
Hi guys, I bought this phone from the local store for Rs.11,000 and i'm very happy with its performance. It has decent specs such as: 1} 8 Megapixel primary camera and 2 MP front camera 2} 1.3 GHz quad core processor with 1 GB Ram 3} Smart Gesture etc. Its a master blaster in this price. You may get a XOLO phone in this rate but there's a difference between their quality. So rather than going for a XOLO, LAVA or KARBONN, go for this
I have purchased Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114(White) from flipcart. Its been close to one month, so far no issues with this phone. Good budget phone nice features. If you are looking for phone around 10k,I would recommend this phone.
It's been more than 2 weeks, I am using this phone seamlessly. Haven't experiences any hangs till now. And I haven't experienced any 'network-missing' problem which is rumored about the phone. At this price, it's a very nice choice.
Everything is outstanding except cam quality. 1 gb ram 1.3 processor, slim & light weight and best thing is price In between 10.5 k to 11.5 k. Instead of buying nokia lumia 525, 625 or samsung smartphone i would recommend to but this canvas 2.2 phone. Battery life is akso good 2000 mah.
I bought this phone from local dealer for 11k 45 days back It was a just ok phone Camera quaility was not satisfactory Now i started noticing a dead pixel in the centre of the screen...just after 45 days. Service centre says thats common with MMX phones. they wont replace for such a small issue...even though there is warranty. So please think twice before buying MMX phones. Previously i used samsung grand..it had no issue..i sold it just because i wanted a change...and i feel i did a mistake. Also the music quality on this phone is horrible even with Poweramp player and Senheiser headphones...which sounds great on my samsung galaxy tab 3.8. I am frustrated that the pixels may increase in near future...and so im planning to sell this useless phone before the pixels issue flares up....
1.GOOD BATTERY BACKUP. 2.SMOOTH FUNCTIONING OF APPS. 3.NO LAGGING. OVERALL GOOD PHONE ONLY CAMERA QUALITY IS NOT AS PER THE STANDARD. DISAPPOINTED WITH CAMERA. NEED TO BE IMPROVE.
Although the phone is in good but earphone comes with the phone has disturbance in left and right both ears. Don't knw where i have contact for this problem.
I bought Micromax Canvas 2.2 20 days back. Phone looks good.The major problem i have felt is its internal memory is very less compared to equivalentt samsung models. The spec says 4GB inyernal memory. Infact from this 4 GB 1 GB is used as RAM.
Its really worth of getting Micromax canvas 2.2. Actually it is powerful than Samsung grand. I got this phone for 10.3k. Its good in all perspective except speakers. Bit dull speakers. You wont be able to notify when you in crowd. Except this everything is good. If you are considering my opinion , I'll recommend to go for it.
Its an awesome at a price of 10k. Good looks, smart features & sleek shape. Pros: Good Camera, Picture Clarity, Design, functions. Cons: No dual sim standby, battery backup is not so good. Even though, its a wonderful phone for the peoples who want to buy a budget phone with fully loaded features.
bought this phone on 26 jan from local shop till now runing smoothly great phone from micromax all running smooth as butter
it has been a month i bought this piece and till now it works wonderfully kudos to the makers :)
This is my 1st smart fon,Really very good fon in this price,After 3 days i give my reviews,really great fon, good look, good features,good build quality,display is amazing,AWESOME camera ,con, micromax peple,should think over about it,s battery, and thanks to FLIPKART ,I decided after, all reviews on flipkart,
First of all thanks to flipkart for delivering me this product within 36 hours and micromax canvas 2.2 has excellent features while comparing mobile phones in other brands at this price
I received the phone really fast from Flipkart today. And been using this phone since morning. Pros: 1) All the specifications mentioned are great and perform as said. 2) The fast speed, smooth touch response, premium phone feel. One would forget its Micromax untill you see the logo on back side. 3) GPS/Internet is fast and responsive. 4) Camera 8MP/2MP does the job. 5) Benchmark results are fantastic Cons: One has to really search for any cons as there are very few... 1) Screen is good but still some colors do not feel that good. Somewhat distorted colors on the screen. 2) Battery backup finishes fast. But I guess its same problem for all android phones. 3) Sound quality of speaker is average. But, surprisingly earphones are good.(Not bad at all) 4) No screen guard/ flip cover along with the hand set. 5) Internal memory is low. MMX should provide atleast 8GB Micro SD card free with this phone. Just keeping fingers crossed for the phone to work properly for atleast 1 year.
recently bought this product.... totally satisfied with it.... a great smart phone in 10k budget.. i m using it for 2 weeks its working well....
I bought this phone 1 month back, and till now I am very happy with my Micromax canvas 2.2 A114. 1) Good Looks , 2) Camera is good(front and rear). 3) Android 4.2 is itself very good. 4) 1.3 GHz is awesome(U can run any app very comfortably). 5) 5 Inches of screen. But problem I face with this phone is internal storage (Micromax has to do little work this side) and battery life is not good, means that is not a problem with micromax but with Android phones. Android phones need better battery life. Atleast 2800 Mah is need for android phones.
Purchased Micromax canvas 2.2 A114 last week.(Not from flipkart ) for Rs. 9860/-. This is a very good phone from micromax at this price. all features are awesome. Iam using this for last 6 days. below are my experience. 1.Touch is very smooth and responsive. 2.Display is sharp and clear.(qHD: 960*540) 3. No lag, no hang, performance is very good ( 1.3 GHz Q.core processor+ 1GB Ram) 4. Music playback is loud enough and clear in speaker. With head phone sound clarity is average. 5. Video playback is good. easily playing HD videos without any prob. 6.Battery back up is good. 7.Camera quality is good in daylight. average with flash. Full HD recording is average. 8. 1.4GB memory for apps and 1 GB memory for user are inbuilt. also Apps can be moved to external SD card. 9. 5 point multi touch. 10. face unlock, gesture control, usb/bluetooth/wifi tethering, USB internet features are awsesome. 11. slim and compact design, good looking. Minor problems observed are 1. Pinch zoom is not so smooth. Zooming while using camera and video recording is also not smooth. 2.no flipcover/screen guard supplied with phone. 3.Charging is not reaching 100% .it stays at 99% and notification LED glows as red untill we switch off Charger.
The phone is very good at this price. It gives maximum features as compared to other counterparts in this price range. Till now, it is trouble-free....not even hanging ( my main concern). Good to hold, processing also fast enough . Camera quality is OK, not that good...but good enough. Only thing is it could've given a cover with the phone.
Bought this phone for 3 months now, i just love it... its like my best friend :) I realized its much better than other costly phone with big names. Please trust micromax its improving and you get the best deal.
The delivery of flipkart is awesome.Got the delivery before one day of delivery time.The touch screen is nice.
I must admit that Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 is one the best phone available with reasonable cost. U'll just love it.. It has got almost all features, screen is real big and touch is just awesome not like older micromax one. Its sharp, clear and HD as well. Its Big package with less price. Micromax Rocks.. :)
very good mobile, battery backup was my initial worry when i brought this mobile but its ok, i get one complete day with full charging. games are running without a glitch, i made a good decision by getting this.
I have been using this phone for a month now and I am very happy with its performance.. Good configuration at a price of 11k. 1 GB RAM is quite good. 5 inch qHD display is a treat for the eyes. The touch is super smooth and the Camera quality is decent. Proximity sensors works fine. Smart gestures adds the phone to be even better. Battery life is better than average. And the Flipkart's service is awesome!!!
Is Stuffed With All The Necessary Features that makes it Complete In Each Aspect. qHD Screen Is Quite Amazing Can Watch 1080 p Movie.... Experience Great Gaming,Good Social Life , And Nevertheless the battery also stays all day with Normal Usage. Loving That....:)
I have bought this mobile from a local retailer in kolkata Pros: Display Touch Response No Lagging Upgradable to kitkat 4.2 in the coming days 1 GB RAM is quite good Cons: Battery Backup Not up to the Par Speakers not loud not even louder than micromax a87 priced about rs5000 To gain 1% battery from 99% to 100% it takes about 30-40min.
The best you can get in the quoted price eye catchy look fast and easy to use Camera quality better Display excellent Battery Life better than average
The Micromax 114 Canvas 2.2, first spotted by Gogi, runs Android 4.2 Jelly Bean and is a dual-SIM phablet (GSM GSM) with support for micro-SIM cards instead of regular SIM size. It features a 5-inch qHD IPS display with a 540x960 pixels resolution. The phablet is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6582M processor along with 1GB of RAM.
What a product by Micromax!! Simply superb at this price!!! Ekdam perfect!!!! Everything is outstanding!!!!!!!!
Seen the Mobile specs and Got this mobile. Very cool in 10K range. MicroMax Rocks! about the phone good specs and good speed. Works very fine. Con : Camera Quality ( 8MP is given in description but ok Camera ) Not complaining though.
Here are the pros and cons.- Pros- -It has 1.3 GHz quad core processor. -8mp camera with full hd recording.. -5 inch screen -The graphics are good... Cons- -unlike body design.. -cheap processor used which is MediaTek MT6582M. -Bad screen quality.. -Has android 4.2.2 which cannot be upgraded to 4.3 or 4.4.. -Bad sound Quality... -Hangs most of the time. -weak battery.. can be used only for 5-6 hours
Bought MicroMax A144 mobile one month ago in flipkart. Features are gud and didn't get hang for any apps and games. As of now my mobile is working good without any problems. Touch Response, Display, camera are good, Sound is average. Overall good to buy this mobile at this price range.
It is a good budget phone, but hangs sometimes. Overall worth the price. Display and weight of the phone is really awesome
A super awesome smartphone within the budget ..... Hey guys, I bought this set on Christmas (not from flipkart but I got from the local store at Rs 10,950/-). Believe me guys, this is an awesome set. It has got a super slim design. I chose the white color handset and I would suggest you all to go for the white color if you are looking to buy this set since it gives a very nice premium look to the device. Features: 1) Regarding the features, it gives a qHD screen with a resolution of 960 x 540 pixels. I was thinking about this before buying but believe me, in the daily use, you won't be feeling the difference as compared to HD resolution. In the black color handset, the three capacitive touch control buttons hide completely when not glowing hence, giving it a very shiny black look which looks very nice. 2) I am not a real tech junkie but I found this set to be having either similar or even better specs as compared to Micromax Canvas HD A116. 3) All the games are running perfectly. The mediocre games like Temple run 2 and Subway surfer run very smoothly in the highest settings. Other games like Asphalt 7 ran perfectly in the medium settings (I haven't tried to play with the highest settings). 4) Regarding the O.S, this device has Android 4.2.2 Jellybean and it runs perfectly making the use of this device even better. 5) Regarding the camera, I would tell that it again impresses me. It sports an 8 MP camera which gives an impressive clarity. Under normal conditions, it is awesome and the single LED flash does its job fairly. And, it takes videos at a resolution of 1920x1088 resolution (full HD) and it plays full HD videos like a breeze. I could even take some pics and videos clearly in full dark and foggy conditions :D. It has some nice features with the camera which was provided in Android 4.2 and hence, it makes the camera even more better :D. 6)Battery is of 2000 mah. It gives a backup of about 1 to 1.5 days with decent usage and should give good backup if we switch off GPS and Data Usage when not in use :) 7)This set is new. So, I couldn't get a flip cover from the store when I bought it. Now, online stores have started to sell some covers but the original and decent looking flip cover is yet to come in the local/online stores. Hope that they hit the stores within a week or two. 8) This may be a con or not, I found the back cover to be having a very glossy "piano black" finish which looks good but attracts finger prints. 9) Regarding the epic Samsung vs Micromax battle, I would like to tell that each brand has its own pros and cons and its the specifications which matters and believe me, Micromax is not inferior than Samsung. Its gaining popularity rapidly. :D I had considered handsets like Nokia lumia 520,Lumia 620, Lumia 720, MMX canvas HD A116, Canvas A250, Canvas A117, Canvas A110Q, Sansung Grand quattro, Samsung Galaxy Core, Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2, Galaxy Grand, Sony Xperia M and L, LG optimus L7, HTC desire and many other handsets. After lots and lots of reviews, videos, unboxings, walkthroughs, I finalized my handset :D Hence, as a conclusion, I would suggest you all to seriously consider this handset if your budget is around 10 to 11k INR. It has the value for money you are shelling out. Keep it up Micromax. Also, if you guys can extend your budget comfortably, you all can go for Micromax Canvas Magnus A117 :D It is also a very good phone.
The best phone present at this price . With 1 gb ram and a quad core processor nothing lags in this phone. With the 4.1.2 JB the camera quality and flash is much better than the canvas 2 but slightly less than the magnus. The phone has a 236ppi screen. And flipkart delivered this phone in only two days with exceptional packing .
OVERALL MOBILE IS GOOD JUST BATTERY BACKUP IS NOT AT PAR FOR ANDROID PHONE.THE 3G SPEED IS ULTIMATE.AND MICROMAX SECURITY IS GOOD FEATURE.JUST IMPROVE THE BATTERY PERFORMANCE.
Superb product by Micromax....and flipkart's awesome service... No cons as of such except the camera whose picture quality at night isn't that good. Gaming is awesome
good one. screen quality is good but not hd. this is fine set.voice quality is good. response is fine.3g speed is good. Canvas 2.2 is a good phone. Rating is 3 out of 5.
I have been using this phone for the past 3 weeks. I am really happy with this phone as I faced very minimal challenges while using it. * It's light weight and comfy though its little big in size.. ;) * Its clarity & Camera are good. Sound is ok, but the head phone provided is very bad. * Battery lasts for a reasonable time compared to Samsung or Sony. * Battery lasts for about 10-12 hours for me even though I am always connected to 2G. * Wifi, sometimes turns on automatically, I have no idea why as I never changed any setting. * One main drawback I noticed is, its little slow to use internet. I have been using 2G whole day and Wifi in the night. But it gives the same kinda performance in both ways!! Nothing more to say, its worth for its price. I got this purchased INR 10750, from a retail store. Cool phone, strongly recommended for people who are looking for a budget but great phone...!
Nice phone under 10k. Battery is of 2000 mah Regarding the camera, Its an 8 MP camera with flash qHD screen with a resolution of 960 x 540 pixels. Android 4.2.2 Jellybean OS Just one thing lacks is Quality of music like apple or samsung. Hence, as a conclusion, I would suggest you all to seriously consider this handset if your budget is around 10 to 11k INR. It has the value for money you are spending. ;-)
Great only thing is that the flip cover is not yet available. The dhopping exp was nice too and so is the product. Thx.
PROS: 1. 1GB ram with quad core processor makes multitasking smooth. 2. 8MP camera takes good outdoor and well lit indoor pics. 3. 5" screen which is not too big not too small makes browsing, watching movie, playing games, typing easy. 4. 1.5GB storage space for apps is good. can move apps to SD 5. Can record and play 1080p videos. 6. Speakers are pretty loud. 7.Slim. 8. Clear, smooth and quick responsive touch. 9. battery backup pretty good. 10. low price with great features. 11. Supports OTG. *********** CONS: 1. 2MP secondary camera is not up to the mark indoors. but not bad at outdoor. 2. Music clarity is not so good, ear phone sucks. 3. needed a little More inbuilt storage. but can be given excuse at this price range. 4. the ear piece volume during call is low. ********** finally can say Canvas 2.2 is definitely worth buying. you will not be disappointed for the features you get at the price you pay.
Bought canvas 2.2 a114 a week back ... I am happy with performance and looks of the phone but disappointed a lot with the battery back-up
BEST PROCESSOR BEST CAMERA GOOD BATTERY BACKUP DECENT FRONT CAMERA 1 GB INTERNAL MEMORY \ ALL GAMES WORKS FINE 768 MB RAM AVAILABLE AFTER INSTALLATION OF SOME APPS THATS GOOD TOTAL VFM GO FOR IT
i got ths mobile frm flipkart two days back,nice mobile for 11k............. but sound clarity slight dissopointing otherways good mobile....\\\\\\\\
As usual flipkart delivery is awesome. The product is unbelievable because it scores around 17k in antutu benchmark. Even its score is higher than nexus 4. Only one negative point is camera quality except this no problem. Surely it a best product within 15k. Must buyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy. Thank you
after using 1 week, i feel no problem.-1)good look 2) outstanding processor and ram- No lack, outstanding in gamming 3)good battery, lasts 1 day on medium use 4) good camara although it is 8 mega pix. but equal to 5MP of samsung.Con,s-1) its background is very glossy so it catch finger print.2) ear phone can be improoved. 3)Charger and datacable is two in one, and short length. But on this price these cons are not big issues and can be avoided. And yes, do't take tension about micromax brand reliability, as before this phone i was using Samsung and very feared for micromax. I search a lot on Net and consuted with all my friends then i bought micromax. But now there is no problem with this phone. thank u micromax for this awasome phone on this price. if you have 10k balance than must buy this.
nice phone , my earlier one being Canvas 2....... GOOD smart phone and not match-able by any other phone in the price it is been offered for the specs provided by micromax... BUT.........only one issue which is common with my earlier micromax.... SPEECH wherein the voice gets cracks while using the phone, so either the call receiver ( you or the one you are calling to) receives a cracking voice and similar is the sound effect quality if you are using the speaker..... i had one additional problem with the original charger which has stopped working, lets see how courteous is the micromax customer support
Thanks Flipkart for the fast service and Micromax you are simply wonderfyl. This is a full value for money phone!
SUPER FAST DELIVERY. SUPERB PHONE AN TU TU BENCHMARK 17585 ABOVE MAGNUS A117. BATTERY BACKUP AVERAGE 1&1/2 DAY. GAMING EXCELLENT.NO LAG. TOUCH SUPER SMOOTH. NORMAL SIM NOT MINI SIM. DISPLAY SUPERB AT THIS PRICE RANGE. JUST GO FOR IT. AFTER BUY YOU WON'T REGRET. ME NOT. GREAT JOB MICROMAX. SOUND GREAT WITH & WITHOUT HEADSET.
Hi to all, I brought this product before 2 weeks ago. I feel this product is not very good and not bad. Average touch features, camera. But HD clarity is very good. This product is value for money. Sorry for my bad English.
Pros : screen-the best sound-better resolution-the best look-best user friendly - the best camera-the best video-the best battery back up-average(depends on your use) sim management - good wifi hotspot -good performance- the best ram, processor - the best Cons: Its not Samsung or Nokia Brand Mobile getting heat while charging and speaking.... Got a new battery , ll wait for 7days if it gets heat again i have to change the set itself charge taking much time Ear-piece is also not upto mark-no clear sound like Nokia
Delivery : First i would like to say that the delivery service is exceptional, i opted for one day guarantee and Yes i got it the next day. Very impressed Canvas 2.2 : I read lot of reviews and lots of videos before zeroing on Canvas 2.2, The choice was Magnus or 2.2 and i finally chose this as it came under my budget. Have to say the performance is really impressive and the really important functions like making a call, messaging etc are fast and there is no lag which i find it even in my other phone Samsung Galaxy core. Pros: 1) Camera is good 2) Proximity sensors work fine 3) Display is good 4) Performance is great Cons: Dont have any for this budget phone except that i found one or two times the device restarting itself which is of course usual in many of the smartphones. Worth for the price!!!!
battery backup is good,application speed also good clearity good only head phones are so much boring. internet running so fast screen touch very smooth.
I brought this phone from flipkart(ws retail.). its an awsome phone... i read all the reviews from flipkart and its says camera is not good......sound is not loud...like that but from my experience.....camera is awsome and yes the sound is loud!! its a good phone.... i have compred it with grand and s3 and hell ya........this phone ROCKSSSSSS..... my advice go for it..
I have own this phone since one week. Display, Processor,Battery is superb. Never hang since week. First day I have rooted this phone. B'cause I want two Whatsapp account on that phone. 2 line for whatsapp*rooted works very well after installing Busybox. This phone comes with Mi security from NQ works very well
got ths phone on jan 29th from flipkart for 10385 wish i could avail hdfc 10% cashback so that my phone comes down to 9500 pros great display a beast processor stylish light weight handy cons poor battery it lasts for a day its budget phone and its worth of money
I just bought this handset 4 days back and i am completely mesmerised with it. I did not buy it from flipkart but from a local store which costed me 500rs extra. Its really very smooth and fast. I was using samsumg galaxy s till now and shifting to a114 is like a huge leap. At the cost its simply superb. Few cons are when attaching the charger it shows a light on the speaker which sometimes does not goes of despite of disconnecting the charger. Rest everything is cool. I downloaded lots of games each exceeding 1gb and every game works simply smooth. I am a medico and i downloaded some superb anatomy cadavers. I can litereally disect the body on my phone. Some one commented about slippery back cover and attracts dust but i dont find anyhting of that sort. Infact the shiny back cover gives much better grip. Its value for money and moreover i am proud that Indian makers have made this. Just go for it you wont definitely be disappointed.
Mobile is just awsum, its worth for what u pay for, the only big backdraw with micromax mobiles are front cam, they suck big time.. and the rest are good.. Micromax needs to address the recent battery blast, it was freakin scary just need to know if my purchase is not a defective one..
I have been using this phone for about a month now and I am very happy with it. The first thing that impressed me was it's sleek and lightweight body.I don't like the extremely glossy back cover (but it doesn't really matter because I use a cover). The 1.3Ghz Quad-core processor delivers brilliantly,coupled with the Mali 400 GPU plays almost all games(Real Racing,Dead trigger etc. without any hiccups). The touch is super smooth and the 5 inch qHD display is a treat for the eyes. The loudspeaker is loud enough(nothing too extraordinary). The only con I think this phone has is the battery life...which is just a teeny tiny bit less what you would want.(It's still pretty good if you dont play heavy games and watch HD videos all day) If you are thinking of buying this phone I suggest you go for it. And as always Flipkart's delivery was lightning fast !
bought this phone a week a ago!!!month... what made me buy this smartphone! well i never owned a smartphone by micromax this is my first phone!!!!!!!!!!!ratings would always be 10/10 you would never ever get such features for such a low price ........ its Nothing Like Anything,,,,,,,, and its true!!! Micromax has done a great job !!!! i would recommend anybody to go for this phone if you are looking for budget smartphone which has speed big enough to play great games like fifa asphalt and all high end games with a 5 inch touch screen .... with a brilliant benchmark scores to compete with all leading smartphones in the world!!!! its just a small glitch ...... and the processor is simply too awesome and handles itself greatly!!!! no lags whats so ever!!! its a PAISA VASOOL SMARTPHONE :D and yes its cameras are good! processors super fast games work like butter on this set battery lifes been awesome proximity gestures adds the phone to be even better this is what i see .... have fun!!!!!
I bought this phone from flipkart in 29th january. it was delivered to me only in 2 days. the phone has very good sound,display, camera.
was bit hesisteant before buying a micromax phone.... but after buying can say its far better than all anoroid phone in this range.... doesnot hangs up at all... so guys just enjoy ur life with micromax canvas 2.2 A114
i have bought this product at 100250 /- from flipkart and recieve the product in 3 days. dilevery is good. about the phone now. phone is good no problem at all.only problem which i am facing is no flipcover or screen guard with product . prons 1.touch is owsome 2.call qality is owsome,with microphone it give more better perfomance. 3.while playing game heating issue is there but it is minor.becoause i used many device and they heat alote.like nokia lumia 520 heat while using 3g. 4.bettery is good enouph.while playing games and wifi drain faster.but normal usage give 2 days without charging. 5.charing is fater .in one hour 75% battery is charge.it is advice to charge 4 hour for first time. 6.games work fine.like modern combat 4 is working smooth temple run,asphalt 7 is smooth,real racing lag for first time but second time working fine. overall if you are hard core game lover this device gives pretty good performance. last but not the least camera : i hear about the camera is not good but thats not completely true.normal picture is average but video recording i give it 10 out of 10.no shaking while video recording .its like reality .if you want to make movie it is owsome.
Bought this from FK - phone performs decently with zero lag, really big screen, no hassles in setting up airtel 3G, Camera is good, Android 4.2.2 interface is good. At 10,800 this is a superb phone to buy! Just a minor issue - I did not like the texting (SMS) interface
Best phone under 12k!!!!!!!!! More than worth the price.... I have been using this phone around a month now , not a single glitch.... Really happy about the phone i got. :) :)
I hv recently bought dis phone about a week ago.Only to say a GRT mob to buy at dis range.Grt processor of 1.3 Quad core gives an osm xperience. Good camera both front and rear.Nice picture quality.Good internal memory n the a combo of RAM n ROM is quiet grt. Nyc sleek looks n its a pleasure to handle it. jzz a con i think is Micromax has already loaded with lots of app making its Ram full to almost 1/3 rd part..... over all....A GRT Phone..go on.!!! njoy dis cell wid full Pleasure..!!
all features r upto mark, except battery( though not that bad). Am nt a gaming freak. I found out that 'My Books' app has some issues, where in the books uploaded r nt being opened in the app, while the same files r opened in other devices. Rest all 'OK'
the processor is very fast and it come with 1gb it goes boom camera quality is the best and recording is full hd that means 1080p awesome phone ever
m using this phone around 8 day this is best phone in this range first of all -the processing of the like application and games very smooth and the games like ( IRON MAN 3,MC4,FIFA 14 ) these are very high game these games are run in this phone bcz of its 1.3 quard core proccessor and application can be moved in external sd card My advice if u r going to purchase a smart phone then go for it guys
I did not bought it from flipkart though but still writing the review. This phone is simply awesome in all departments with total satisfaction and at this cost. Thats all and a big thumbs up:-).
Happy with the performance, The Phone Looks very Neat, You would not get another phone with these specs for this price.
Best piece with good features.i bought one. camera is nice..resolution is greater than samsung galaxy grand..internet support is good..
one of the phone at this price tag. audio is good. can play big games flawless. no lag. best touch in comparison with other phones excellent phone in this price tag
Its really a good product i found till now.... with online shopping! I would like to buy another one!!!!!!1 But when i bought a product it was a offer having 10% cashback.. And i haven't received any cashback yet...though actual date for cashback is 5th of march..2014..
best phone in this price range ,....there is only one con .i.e sound , its pretty low and quality is not upto the mark ..... all the other features are just awesome ,it has a pretty scratch resistant screen ,so no need of screen guard .................just awesome for micromax, surely go for it
If you are looking for light weight 5" display, dual SIM SMART mobile, then Micromax A114 is the best fit for you. It has all features for other high value branded competitors. If you are not crazy for mobile camera quality then definitely A114 is ideal for you, It has amazing processing and very smooth touch
exellent performance as well as style 1.3 ghz quad core pro with 1 gb ram as fhd video recording have a brand feel
If you are looking for light weight 5" display, dual SIM SMART mobile, then Micromax A114 is the best fit for you. It has all features for other high value branded competitors. If you are not crazy for mobile camera quality then definitely A114 is ideal for you, It has amazing processing and very smooth touch screen.
It is a good device to use and is smooth. Had a great experience with the device without any issues so far. Battery life was average and altough no smart phone is good at its battery I would recommend this.
I am using this phone from last one month. Good display and camera quality. Battery is ok last for day if mobile data is on. Performance is very good no lag. Note: SIM size is regular as i have seen in description its mentioned minisim. Correction added. And offcourse flipkart delivery is best by far :)
SERIOUSLY THIS HAS BENCHMARKS SCORE WAY BETTER THAN MAGNUS SAMSUNG GRAND,S3 ETC.QUADRANT BENCHMARK BELOW NEXUS 5 AND HTC ONE.JUST GO FOR IT.U WILL NEVER REGRET THE M6582M PROCESSOR WHICH IS BEST UNDER 20K MOBILES AND 1.3 GHZ QUAD CORE SUPPORTS WELL.SNAPGADRON PROCESSOR ONLY GOOD FOR ABOVE 20K MOBILES.FOR PERFORMANCE THIS IS BEST. 2014 BEST ANDROID MOBILE UNDER 15K-NDTV SURESHOT
This is a very good low range phone. I've used it for few months now, having no issue at all. My rating (at this range 11k): Look: 5/5 Performance: 5/5 Value for money: 5/5 Specs: 4/5 (It would be great if had 2 GB RAM and 3000 mah battery :D ) but 1 GB and 2k mah is enough for me for me. If you wanna more better option with low range, go for MMX magnus.
phone is gud for the price....really nothg lyk anythg..premium luk..better than canvas HD..was worried bout the screen resolution first but far better than galaxy grand..quadcore processor..1gb ram runs evrythg without any hanging issues..fast delivery by flipkart..
Short and sweet - worth the money , has all the features and god processing capabilities . Only thing is that all accessory are not available, you need to go to a store for the screen guard and flip cover.
I ordered this phone from WS Retail (one day delivery) on my birthday. I am not writing the features and product price. But, the delivery was really awesome and what a phone (just not getting the words). It was packed so safely and it came with bill 2 pages printed . There was no lack in the phone and its working alright . There is only 1 problem the songs playlist and setting and many other things have white background ( But for white color lovers there is no prob.) . The phone is very very fast with quad core. And all (all) the games are running very smoothly like temple run, subway surfers, FIFA 14 and many others . The camera is full hd . I am very impressed from the phone and delivery . Thank you flipkart
Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 is good phone in this price but having only battery backup issue in my handset. My Rating is 4 only for this device.
I am using this mobile since two weeks. Am just enjoying this mobile's each and every feature. :D Pros -slim and superb design -touches response is amazing -net speed is very fast even on 2g network -Rear 8mp CAMERA PHOTOS AND VIDEO RECORDING IS CHANCELESS good work Micromax -Battery backup is around 1day if u play games it will drains little bit faster but conparong to other devices like videocon,karbon etc its quite good. -am using this mobile in any time data usage on and using internet always.eventhough battery backuo is around 18hrs and not producing such heat :) -mic,speaker(both internal and loud),signal are very very good. -HEADSET IS AMAZING.good entertainment for music lovers. -over all every thing is good and awesome.am giving this review as much as honest. Cons. -camera is little bit poor when we takes opposite sunlight,other brightest light.But this is a very tiny drawback so please neglect this.if the lighting is Good u may take a quality pic. Overall its a must buy model for those who prefer android mobile at this range. Rating 5/5 Enjoy friends :D
I bought this phone through flipkart around last week of Dec 2013. Till now using the phone has been a pleasurable experience as it is very fast and display also is pretty good. 3G facility is good as is touch facility and the 8MP camera adds to it. Battery back up also lasts upto 2 days if internet connection is switched off. Above all a nice buy considering the price range of the product with its competitors....
totally satisfied!!amazing display and touch sensitivity.amazing call quality Its crystal clear,amazing gameplay ,no lags or drop in framerate at all played asphalt 8 and dead trigger 2 here,more free RAMs available in this phone as compared to samsung galaxy S3 which makes it super smooth .i don't know why people people are complaining about this phone.maybe they got a defective one,as it happens with all electronics,depends on ur luck!!as for me i got an amazing phone ,no issues at all!!! only problem is the back cover,super glossy and looks cheap!!!amazing camera quality,super fast 3g speed and wifi ,much better than my previous samsug galaxy s duos in terms of perfomance and internet connectivity.and as for the benchmark tests quadrant standard ,nenamark 2 and antutu benchmark ,it outperforms all indian smartphones ,yes!all other indian branded phones including micromax canvas HD,canvas magnus,canvas turbo and well known xolo q800!! check it out!and to my surprise there's no heating issues at all in this phone,i play games for hours.once again really happy with the phone.guys go ahead and buy it!!!
I bought this phone for the Christmas offer on flipkart. the phone awesome, nice design, good look, display of the screen is pretty good. no lagging value for money. nice product from micromax for budget buyers.
Hi Kshitij Alwadhi, May i know from where you bought this @10250 and this 2 year extended accidental warrenty. I want to know if i can buy this 2 year extended accidental warrenty online or in Hyderabad. Thanks in advance
This is the best mobile under Rs.15000/-. I bought it from a local store for Rs. 11000/- where the phone cost was Rs.10250/- and Rs.750/- for extra 2 yr accidental and software warranty. The phone showed excellent results in benchmarking with antutu score of 17400. I played many games like Asphalt 8, Fifa 14, PvZ 2 and Dead Trigger 2 which worked totally awesome with high graphics and no frame loss. The apps were easily movable to SD card. The battery was also very good which gave me a backup of 1 - 1.5 days on medium usage. The touch was also very very good. No lags at all. There were also smart gestures. Camera was also good. You can even get the flip cover from ebay. This is the best mobile ever. It is running on android 4.2.2 but micromax have already said that they will release a 4.4 kit kat update soon, you can check that on the net. This is the best mobile Go ahead and buy it.
I got this phone 20 days back. It is a nice phone. Light weight , quick responsive phone. Look is also great. It is qHD , video quality is fine. I think the screen pixel group in divided into 2 parts from middle of the screen and u can feel it sometimes while navigation , it is somewhat bad but not a big one. Camera is good. Front camera is fine. I think 10000-10500 price was even better. Micromax should provide flip covers in box. Battery life is fine. If u use internet a lot , u need to charge it once a day, if not , it may run for 2 days. And yes Flipkart delivered it 1 day before the given expected date , thanks :) . Editing: I have used the phone for 1 year now, it was waste of money. Its earpiece went off after 4-5 months and i was not able to listen caller's voice. When i gave it for repair. It took more than 15 days, even its front camera is not working. They lost my battery while repairing. Don't go for micromax. Moto, samsung, sony etc are better.
Awesome Delivery By Flipkart. Friends Flipkart Is The Best Seller For This Handset,As It Is Giving It A Cheaper Price Than Compared To The Market. Flawless Mobile, Full HD Display, Awesome Design And What Else To Write. It's Just An Awesome Phone At This Price. Don't Hesitate Within Mobiles I say, Go Ahead And Buy This One Without any Worry. Hope My Review Helps You. Thank You Friends, For Giving Time To My Review
Micromax is an emerging Indian company...which is doing a good job...Launching a phone in 10-11k range has been really advantageous for this phone..I found all the specifications perfect for this phone..except the volume of the phone..The volume of the loudspeaker is really low...It needs to improve in this one..otherwise the phone is perfect in all aspects...for game lovers especially...:))
Let me thank flipkart for the quick shipment & Delivering of the Product.....In Track order tab it tells ur product will deliver by 17-Jan-14 Bt I got it Today 15-Jan-14.... I Bought Canvas a114 (2.2) For 11199 Which has low when compared to other local stores.... I am Very Happy About the service and the packing is Awesome...... Overall I am Very Happy...
First of all it's packing is amazing,quality of packing looks like of an "Apple"product. Phone is built up of a good material{not cheap} 1.3 GHz quad-core processor with 1 GB ram . Touch is good Viewing angles are not bad. battery is fine . All over I can say that no company can make such a phone around 11k. " Its nothing like any thing"
Amazing product from Micromax. After lots of research, i choose this product over 116i, and i'm really satisfied with the mobile. I bought this mobile for my wife, and the phone was delivered to me on 31st December, so a new year gift for her. Big screen, Good quality display, good looks, amazing speed, fast processor, with no lag between applications, its certainly a value for money product. As always for most Micromax products, camera quality for night photos is not that good. Micromax should do some thing on this aspect to improve their brand. Micromax should also ship flip cover and screen guard with mobile, as they are doing same for other mobiles. As it becomes certainly difficult to arrange these necessities from market. This purchase was my second canvas purchase, after canvas 2 in Nov'12, and i'm satisfied with both of my purchases.
I have purchased micromax canvas 2.2 on 09/01/14 and and it is stop working on 11/01/14 (No switch on/off). I gone in micromax service centre at M/S Tech Solution,, JM Road, Pune and Mr. Hemant fully supported to me and replaced the phone within three hours. Mr Hemant is really very co-operative and helpful. For further lets see how this phone is working. Remaining review will be intimated later. I again want to thank Mr. Hemant for everything/support.
I have heard that the in call sound of the andset is a bit muffled or not clear. Canany owner confirm me pls?
I bought this phone 2 days back from Flipkart at Rs 11,500 and today at the local stores I asked and it is available at Rs 10,500. Very sad at losing Rs 1,000 Phone has an awesome slim look and an excellent display, internet is fast even with a 2G connection. Simply superb touch.No issues with calls, clear voice. I don't play games on mobile, so no comments on gaming. Camera is not good, I mean my 5 MP Motorola defy clicks far better pictures than the 8 MP on Micromax. Micromax seriously need to do something about their phone cameras. The 2 MP front camera, well, you won't like it. Another serious issue about this phone is the loudspeaker. Believe me, if you put the phone on loudspeaker you will not be able to hear anything, the volumes is so low. It is as as good as there is no loudspeaker on the phone. Overall satisfied, worth a buy at this price. Big and beautiful with good performance, set aside the camera and loudspeaker which I don't use often.
phone with 1.3 quad core arm 7 and mali 400mp ......and have 1080p playback with recording also very very gud battery backup thankyou so much mmx i am just loving this phone i purchase this phone at 10500 not from flipkart i am using this phone from last 4 days and i played lots of hd games like nova 3, real racing3, mc 3,mc 4, nfs most wanted all runns smooothly on this device without any lag and also i watch 1080p movies and video.... after this my phone give 1.5 days battery backup before this i have mmx canvas hd as compare to canvas hd canvas 2.2 is better in every thing its antutu benchmark is 17300 above nexus 4 ......sooooo finally thankx to mmx for doing a great job :):) :):)
I bought this phone and im very impressed. * its super fast , never lags in any game or app... * camera quality is awesome. * Battery backup is decent. * Mali 400 gpu supports every game i played till now. * super smooth and Hd touchscreen. A perfect phone to buy at this price . It's more than value for money. Highly recommended. :)
at overall is is a fantastic phone with all the desired features that one wants to have. advantage for this phone is its size , speed , graphics and gaming ... the main disadvantage is of its battery which is not good but ok, if u r fine with it then go ahead 4 the phone , i assure u'll enjoy it....
is screen gaurd available as stock in box piece? the phone is just awesome.... no comments at all........... it has amazing features which would not be available on any new phones....there are also some new software which is not on previous cancas versions
this phone is just awesome "the best" its really nothing like anything and qhd is almost same as hd and infact it uses less battery life and it has awesome looks also . it is better than hd a116i .
Touch is simply superb.Processor is also very fast.It has very light weight.A NICE GOOD SMART PHONE.Buy it,as it has very nice features installed in it.
The phone is awesome in every aspect like- camera, storage, processor, display,etc. But i noticed two cons such as- phones hangs up sometimes while playing games and battery life is a little weak... If you are a heavy gamer or internet freak you have yto charge it twice a day... The phone is gud... But not the best
hey guys.. purchased canvas 2.2 from tradus @10,139/- .. after using it for quite sum time i must say mmx has come far away.. at present best phone at this price range in the market. go for it without any doubt.
I have just ordered the phone after much thinking.. first was confused to buy canvas a116 hd or this one. finally i went for this one. hope its good
Received this device from flipkart on 28th Dec and got impressed with look of device. The device is really very awesome in all categories.
hi my name is monu sharma from gurgaon, i received my phone on 3rd day morning after ordering date. phone is awesum... everything is perfect like Samsung note 2 but i am more happy if flipkart arrange its screen guard and cover for me. i search many place for same but not successful i received my product from WS retail and thanks to WS retail for sending set in perfect condition . please send me screen guard as well. love you flipkart. doubt as in spec it shows that the memory for storage is 4 gb but it shows only 1 gb so what is the matter. please someone clarify it
buy it as soon as possible...!!! bad mein nahi milega/...best processor, best design ...a perfact one from micromax..
I am too much impressed with this phone especially from Micromax, Amazing look given by micromax in this phone & it is really a very good phone in this range, I will suggest all flipkart users to purchase this phone.
please tell me whether it supports otg?does it have led notification?.....pendrive can be detected by it? can we capture photo while on video recording? anybody please clarify these doubts
how many sensors does this mobile have ??,does the games can be install on external sd card ??, hows the camera quality ?? , hows the battery backup ??,hows the sound quality ??,does it have led notification ?? ,please clarify these doubts,,,i want to buy this buddy,,,....
Can we move apps to Sd card in this mobile? Else i will go with juice. If it can be moved i will order this phone rite now. some users of this phone pls give the rite info
best quality pics you can shoot hardware is also best, easy to handle , touch screen is excellent overall power packed at affordable price
The built quality of this device is very solid.It has a very glossy back-cover.Camera can record 1080p.UI is very smooth.1.3Ghz quad-core processor does the job.Out of 1GB RAM 660 MB is free.Video recording is good not excellent.Box Contents are Headphones, USB for charging and data syncing, Power adapter, Warranty statement and some other documentations.This phone is worth buying. Benchmarks- Quadrant Standard-5872 AnTuTu Benchmark-17144 NenaMark2 - 56.2 fps Gaming- Temple Run 2, Subway surfers, riptide GP 2 and Dead Trigger 2 were running smoothly
