MOBDNYCGNSQZSMBX
I have ordered this phone in Flipkart yesterday and eagerly waiting for the delivery. I zeroed in on this phone after going through lots of online reviews. I liked all the aspects of this phone except for the internal memory of 4 GB.I hope the phone will live up to my expectations though little skeptical about the 4 GB internal memory. I wish it had at least 8GB. Anyways I will post a detailed review once I get to play with the phone. I couldn't find any pouch or flip case for this phone. If somebody knows where I can get one plz let me know. I received my phone on 9th, just on the 3rd day of placing my order. Flipkart as usual excellent delivery :-) Now let me get into the detailed review of the phone after two days usage: Pros: 1. Excellent screen. It is a treat to watch videos and play game on this phone 2. Sound: The sound quality is good and loud as well. However not good when using the kit earphones. 3. Battery: With a good amount of gaming, browsing, music and calls it s easily giving a battery backup of 1.5 days, which i think is good for a phone of this spec. 4. Gaming and Performance: The only relatively heavy game which i have played in this is Templerun 2 and Subway Surfer and I am pretty satisfied with the performance. absolutely no lags. 5. Network coverage: The Coverage seems to be decent. I haven't found any issue with this till now. 6. Overall look and feel: The phone has a premium look and feel to it and looks very sleek. It feels very solid (similar to HTC) in hand, however it is lightweight. Cons: 1. Accessories: The charger and earphone looks very plasticy and substandard.The sound quality is not good with the kit earphones. it is better when I am using my philips earphones 2. No case or Pouch available: there is no flip case or pouch available anywhere (I have not come across). I had to settle down for a generic pouch for now. In a nutshell, the phone is really worthy of the money you spent on it and i'll surely recommend it. Anyways, need to wait and watch how the phone is holding up in the long run. Updating my review after around 4 months of usage: 1. The network coverage of this phone is excellent. The call and sound quality is good even when the signal strength is weak. 2. Gaming experience is good with minimal or no lag... I have tried Temple run 2, Subway surfer, Deer Hunder 2014, Fifa 2014, Dhoom 3, Stick cricket etc...... 3. Battery backup is decent. Gives one day backup with heavy gaming and moderate internet usage 4. Now 8 GB version of this phone is available.. What more you can ask for? 5. Variety of flip covers are available across ecommerce sites 6. Icing on the cake: Price has comedown to around 16k... I paid 18 K around 4 months back......
I purchased the Lenovo S820 from Flipkart because it wasn't available in shops around my area, who told me they stopped keeping Lenovo products due to service issues. That didn't stop me from buying this phone from Flipkart. It's a thin and premium looking phone. The speakers and screen picture quality are very good. It's really feels good to pick this phone in your hands. But the moment I dropped it, the edge of the phone got dented. That looked very bad and I never saw this issue in the earlier phones I used such as Galaxy Nexus, Galaxy S and Xolo Q700. On a few occasions of dropping the phone, cracks developed in the plastic body near the edges. The phone looks bad now and the back cover and the front panel doesn't fit properly. I found out there is 'only one' service center in Mumbai that too at a very far off area in Andheri (HCL Tower). The staff are least bothered to serve you. After 3-4 repeated attempts someone answers the call. After I told the customer representative 'Irshad' that I would like to change the plastic body of my phone he told me that he will check if the part is available. I waited for 5 minutes on call and then he told me to leave me number with him and that I should call him later if he doesn't call. And he didn't. That show they don't want to serve. I later called him after a day. He told me that the body will cost me Rs. 2000 (I was expecting around Rs. 1000 max) and it will take 15 days to replace the body. Also, it make take longer. I don't see it they will really be able to replace the body. So I will definitely not go for a Lenovo phone next time. Service to customers so matter and the company should think of getting their own service centers around india.
am using this phone for the last two months its working very nice........ i took dis from Jarir (KSA) for only 1000SAR ie..at that time it was around 15000INR.Your getting a phone with 12MP cam and 2P front cam with a Quad core processor and 1GB RAM expandable , memory upto 32GB ..... .no other phone in comparison......must by... an affordable phone with excellent performance.....
I went through all the reviews in Flipkart site...and planned to order it...but suddenly Flipkart increased the price. So I bought this phone from outside on 25th December. However, thanks to Flipkart. Here is my open review. 1. Lenovo S820 is really good one and has pleasant look. 2.Good call clarity, excellent display, amazing camera (actually it has upto 13mp) front camera is also good in day light. 3.Navigation animations are good. 4. Excellent gaming experience..(I havent played yet..but my family members played a lot happily)... 5. It automatically control the brightness. 6. Speed is good... so for no lagging.. Overall its a good piece with better benefits and worth for money when compare to other mobile in the same price range.. 1. The concerns are... the power on/off button is in the top...its bit difficult to handle in one hand becuase of its 4.7" sizie...better the power button could have been in the side... 2.The quality of charger is not great.. 3. Though its 4 GB internal memory...user will get around 1.5 GB memory only...however its ok. Overall its a good piece with better features and worth for money when compare to other mobile in the same price range..
I bought this phone from gulf and wanna say that this phone is amazing performance. The main highlight is its specification and its light weighted one. Amazing finishing style. 12MP camera and 2MP camera front end is simply awesome. It supports almost all features, battery life is good, I used to play games, wifi so 1 and half day battery life will be there. Special attraction overheating is very less. So if you are planning to buy a mob, just keep an eye on this phone, I hope you won't disappoint it.
this seller is a cheater and flipkart cancelled the order this seller is a cheater and flipkart cancelled the order this seller is a cheater and flipkart cancelled the order this seller is a cheater and flipkart cancelled the order this seller is a cheater and flipkart cancelled the orderthis seller is a cheater and flipkart cancelled the order
Bought this gadget from Flipkart in December '13. I received the delivery in 24 hours. It was nicely wrapped and condition was pretty cool. About the product: This product is positioned as premium economy and directly competes with Samsung Galaxy Grand in terms of pricing. I found this device quite superior in many aspects. The material isn't like regular plastic material. It is way more superior and classic. It has a piano finish (One can see his refection clearly on device's back panel). What's good: - Excellent aesthetics - Camera quality is pretty cool (12MP is a great deal at this price!) with 2MP front cam - Screen resolution is great 720p IPS display won't disappoint you - Surprise package is the battery life, it last for compete 28-30 hours with constant 3G connection, 1-2hrs of calls and 45 mins of gaming and music - Gesture control for controlling the device What's not so good: - The screen of this gadget is curved, although it looks pretty, you face tough time applying a screen guard (It is indeed a problem!) - Earphones supplied is of extremely cheap quality (Grave disappointment!) - No PC suite by Lenovo (not even online!) for framework upgrades - You can't control notification LED for apps like whatsapp etc - No LED backlight for menu and other 2 options Final words: Still you want a fresher and better experience, you can try this baby out.
DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. It's an absolutely horrible phone. 4 months of using it and the battery does not last even half a day. It gets hung very often, especially after a call. It's a nightmare to use this phone.
although the specification is very good. But one thing that no one bear in minds often when buying a phone like me is after sales service. My phone's screen broke with little impact on it (it fells a 2ft hight and screen shattered). they say it has gorilla glass, but it is easly breakable. Now service center demands 10,000 Rs. to fix the screen and its digitizer. I already told them the touch is working fine but they forcely want to change my glass and digitiger both and said both comes along but they are telling lie because I searched on net and many website selling only glass separate (like alibaba.com). Now it is impossible to repair my phone from service center so what is good is my phone in warranty and only two weeks old.
Hi Gentleman -for your Query ' where is usb debugging mode, cant find it in settings' Option will be available when you connect the USB cable with your PC then you get various options and along with it usb debugging will be available.
This is a good product from Lenovo. I was searching for an Android dual sim. I found samsung grand and this lenovo s820. Out of these two, I felt Lenovo would go better as it comes with good configuration compared to samsung grand. Lenovo comes with quad core and the other one wit dual core and also, there is a significant difference in the screen resolution. The lenovo handset size is also more comfort against the samsung grand In short, Lenovo is better. So, I bought Lenovo. I'm happy with it till now. Only thing I found negative in Lenovo is the lack of accessories. So far I haven't got a good flipcover. I would recommend this sim if younare looking for dual sim smarhone without any hesitation, if flipcover is available.
Got this phone from Malaysia for !6 k, Pros 1)great HD display 2) Awsm Camera 3) great battery backup 4)Great phone for gaming NFS MW, Shodowgun , Dead trigger a run very smooth) 5)Very Fast in operation and in booting up 6)OTA Updates 7) Great UI this phone is awsm. no need to worry about the int mem . most apps gets instaed in sd only. better than any samsung or htc phone in this price range. Mid range KING , Go get this phone.
This is my first review in flipkart... Service Delivery from Flipkart is at top notch as usual got the mobile in 2 days when the promised day of delivery was 4 days... Now coming to the mobile Pro: 1) All application are running without any glitch or lag 2) Camera quality is good 3) Battery life coming as promised and medium user can use the phone for more than a day 4) Touch response is good Con: 1) Build could be little more sturdy .. Looks more of plastic mobile 2) Accessories look and material needs to be changed as they look cheap
I have been using this phone, overall performance is ok but you will get better phones at this price point. This phone has only 1 GB ram and 4GB ROM, I experience phone slowdown and hang many time. I will not recommend this phone....definitely not at this price.
Great phone... already upgraded to 4.4 and working awesome. Nice camera quality and sound quality too. Recommended.
lenevo s820 glass is very delicate. it broke within 6 months and i regret that i did not think of replacements costs before buying. it costs Rs9000 to replace my brokn glass as we need to buy both glass,touch and display. This is unfair marketing/support from lenevo. Also we do not have many external mboile service providers with experience/talent to service lenevo products. As a phone , it is decent with good features. It is high time companies be fair to its customers wrt service which ethy really do not care about.
I have been using this phone from last 5 months. Satisfactory performance but camera quality is not that much good as mentioned in specs. Camera's photo quality is like a 5 mega pixel camera and also not good at zooming.
Bought the red variant of this smartphone a few days back. Till now I am very satisfied with it. Pros: Awesome battery backup. Initially the phone showed signs of slightly heating up while charging during the first 1-2 days bt later it gt subsided as the battery gt accustomed to regular charging. Happens with most of the smartphones these days. The screen's gt Corning class which is resistant to minor scratches. Resolution is full HD.Runs high resolution videos and games very smoothly. 12 MP rear cam is nice for taking outdoor snaps.Indoor snaps appear a lil dull bt still better than samsung or sony phones in this price range. 2 Mp front cam has gt decent pic quality too. Sound is good if you use lenovo earphones. Even speaker quality is nt bad. Internal memory is an issue,bt it supports extendable memory,so gt a 8 or 16 Gb memory card if you wanna enjoy games,videos and apps. Internet speed is good in 3G network.In 2G network,it runs very slow. Quad core processor helps in multi tasking and preventing hanging off. Cons: Only disappointing feature I noticed is the dual sim facility as it tends to hang up almost every smartphone during calls and also slows down the internet speed. So my suggestion,better to keep one sim on deactivation mode or just use a single sim Coclusion: If you are looking for a smartphone in the range of 15-16k,the this is the one to go for. Regarding service,lenovo has gt service centres in all major cities of the country. So no worries for that.
It's a great phone if u wanna buy it,,don't think twice.The most striking thing i liked about the phone is it's super camera.Indeed,its a super camera,both the primary and the secondary.It enables u to edit the pics..n much more. The display is also amazing n very smooth,the phone is fast..doesn't hang,light,,fantastic looks n much more Problem: When I bought the phone i was told that it's an 8GB internal memory,,but I only c 5GB, Secondly,the partition given to the apps,,I can't install more apps,as it tells me that am running out of space...If anyone has a solution to this,,pliz help Generally,Lenovo s820 is really an amazing smart phone,,go for it
phone is very good in this price range, good battery life, excellent performance, good gaming experience but very poor shipping service by seller. 5 stars for phone & 2 stars for seller.
Excellent buy for the money. I bought this for my wife. Great simple feature - the phone inlcudes fm radio with in built antenna. You can listen to radio with the phone in your pocket without headset while walking around. Very nice. Just 1-2 issues otherwise it deserves 5 stars. The phone was giving astounding 2 days battery backup when we first got it. But I ran the Lenovo power program and ran calibration.. now it is giving 1-1.5days backup.. still slightly better than other phones, but I'm flummoxed as to why this should happen. Maybe I have tweaked wrong settings... The screen stays on after using a program.Again, this started happening after we ran the power settings. (edit: I found this was caused by a security app I had installed and is not a problem with the phone itself.) The power settings and battery calibration settings are very good for advanced users, but Lenovo needs to make it more usable and iron out bugs. Then this can get 5 stars.
they delivered on time.past 2 months i am using this.so far no issues and i am fully satisfied.it is worth for the money.
This thing is great. I'll skip the parts that we all know about. Ordered mine on Flipkart, got it in a week (which is slow by Flipkart standards, but that's okay). Its a great phone, very decent specs, and a performance easily comparable to the Grand 2(I do not like Samsung, btw) and the recent MotoG. The only issue I faced (as yet) is that this has not run Google Navigation perfectly even once. And I depend entirely on the Navigation App almost on a daily basis. Apart from that, I would like to mention that unlike my previous phone, and all the phones that all my family uses, this has a much stronger Wi-Fi receiver, and therefore a much greater range of usability if youre Wi-Fi dependent. And moreover, the tiny features like the gesture recognition, which hasnt been advertised much at all, the decent voice recognition, and face recognition, stuff that cannot be useful, but is always fun to play around with, are all very decent and function surprisingly well. All in all, great value for money. And Lenovo is very trustworthy in terms of quality, though I would not be so sure about the service.
I have been using this mobile since 3 months.Its performance is excellent till now.Whatever features mentioned for this mobile are all functioning with great accuracy.In this price range we have many mobiles available with the almost same features in the market but the build quality with curved glass,High pixel density display,camera quality , HD recording & smooth-soft touch feel made it different from other mobiles.All in all awesome phone and value for money.
It's been a month or so using this phone and it's very good. This phone feels very nice to hold and the design is very elegant and sober. The screen is big enough for me and resolution is also very good. Color quality and brightness is also sufficient. I've tested the phone in bright sunlight and it is not that ultra bright but there is nothing to complain about. You can still see everything in bright sunlight. One of the best feature i liked is the 12 mpx camera. It comes with too many built in features that you don't need to use any third party tool. Clarity of images is so sharp and crystal clear. You'll never ever see any pixelation in pics captured by this camera.The LED flashlight is amazing too. Quite powerful. Comes with face recognition,smiley detection,editing tools and the list just goes on and on. Just one thing which disappoints me is the music player. I had a xperia before and the most lovable feature of that phone was the quality of sound. Here it is average though it improves if you use other higher branded headphones or earplugs. I used my sennheiser headphones and then the quality seemed ok to me. Company provided earplugs are very basic and no leather cover or flip back cover is provided either. You get only one screen guard attached to the screen by default and it is a very basic quality material. Air bubbles make their way in only first week. Takes more time in charging about 3 hours or more and battery lasts more than 24 hours on above average use. You can expect 30 hours or more on average usage. And the 1.2 gigs quardcore processor is brilliant. No lag on multitasking applications either. Though a bit slow on heavy applications but nothing much to complain about. Overall a fantastic product with much gizmos to play with and a piece of mind guaranteed.
This phone is one of the best mid range phones available in the market today. 1. Camera: 12MP camera is of amazing quality and have some aperture controls too. But not good for moving pictures. 2. Music: Sound and clarity are good, especially in loudspeaker. If you are a music freak try getting Sony earphones with this as the lenovo earphones are of medium quality(not bad though). 3. Touch: Smooth and good responsive 4. Battery: 30 hrs with 3G on for 15-20 hrs. It takes some 6 hrs to get fully charged. 5. Processing Speed: No lag, for regular usage and most of the games. Yes there is some lag for advanced games. I will definitely reccommend this to my friend as it has some descent score in every feature. At the same time it's not exceptional. If you don't want to invest more than 15K then this is your phone.
This has been a very good buy for me. I am totally impressed with this phone for using for over a month now. Battery backup has been brilliant. It comes a whole day without having to recharge which has been a big plus in this smart phone. As usual Flipkart delivered this safely and quickly.
got this phone few days bak, luks very nice and slim, battery very gud, screen quality amazing, ppl alreay mentioned lot of gud things abut this phone which is mostly true,although i hv some issues which i want to clarify if anyone of u is facing the same problem? 1) the touch is not tht responsive while picking up calls, sometimes i hv to try 4-5 times 2) battery takes lot of time to charge,3-4 hours i guess for fulll charge which is quiet unusal, 3) the internal storage is 4.38 gb out of which only 2.8 is available & another usb storage is 2.87 gb out of which 2.76 is available, wts the difference between these 2 storages & where is the rest of storage out of 8 gb (4.38+2.87=7.25) 4) where is usb debugging mode, cant find it in settings those of u using this phone, help me out with the solutions, thanks in advance
Pros: (1) Superb 720p HD Screen (2) Lag free Performance (3) Decent Battery Backup (Lasts more den a day) (4) Better Sound Quality. Cons: (1) Average Camera. (2) Poor Build Quality of Headset and Charger Overall a much better phone in d price range compared to Samsung, Micromax etc
Am using this phone from 2 weeks, and am feeling the phone getting very hot, when am on call for just 10 mins... i dont know exactly if this is problem with every piece, but may be this this is faulty piece.
Good value for money. Good camera with advance features.Android as always work well.In short I AM FULLY SATISFIED . RECOMONDED
1) Hand set quality 5 star 2) Ear phone quality 3 Star 3) Charger Quality 3 Star One has to buy this with Flip Cover and memory card. My phone fell two times and it is very irritating .
I am writing this review after two months , so i have experienced almost all features of this phone. it has following problems 1)I have experienced problem regarding to call summary (e.g. last call cost , remaining balance etc) after ending the phone call 2)I found that company headset earphones are not able to play songs at high volume but can play at high volume at another earphones 3)It is very difficult to get accessories of this model(e.g. screen guard , flip cover ) 4)Takes too much time to fully charge(about 2hrs 30min). Plus Points - amazing gaming performance. games like nfs mostwanted, asphalt, templerun works without any lagging even when multitasking. - High resolution camera (with some magic effect) is able to take snapshot and video recording in low light , inbuilt image editor and gif maker is available. - Can play HD video without any problem. - Battery life is better than other phone in this range. in built battery calibration function is available. - extra feature like pocket mode, decrease tone, slide edge, led with more than 5 or 6 colors
Dear All, This is excellent smart phone..!!! Android 4.2, gorilla glass, good camera, 1 GB RAM & good battery life..!!! I am very much satisfied with phone's performance..Go for it !!!
I bought this phone last week. This one has given me an tremendous experience till now. My first Impression Price 17K around comparing same features other brands like Samsung ,HTC and Sony make it really worth . Battery usage should have been easily lasts a day and more with the normal usage of gaming, surfing, calling... Display with Full HD Resolution is awesome. Camera with HDR and 1080p recording is just outstanding !! Hardware feature excellent ,this mobile inbuilt 1.2 GHz Quad core processor and 1GB RAM gives better performance .
Purchased from Flipkart.. Delivery within 48 hrs. Thats really good. Thanx flipkart for providing good service. Using this phone from last 20 days. Phone is cool and smart in looks. 12 MP Camera is good but expect less in low light conditions. Battery lasts one day easily. Touch is really good. Fits in hand nicely and looks little bigger then standard 4.7 inch phones. So its 4.7 inch but gives feel of 5 inches. So its nice.. Guys this Diwali gift this phone to your self..Cheers.....
I got this phone after comparing with Samsungs, LG's and Sony.. It has 12MP camera, powered by 1.2 GHz, Quad Core Processor with PowerVR SGX544 GPU which works like a charm without any lags. PROS : Video camera quality is better than my Samsung note 2 or Sony Xperia's even in higher price range.. truely 1080p HD recording. The phone slips nicely into pocket and easy to operate with one finger... Weights just 140 grams and slim with matt finish. Lenovo provides the typical customizations on screen. The service has been outsourced to HCL Infosystems, a smart move by Lenovo to capture Indian market in coming days. Cons: None but may be higher battery power & internal storage power with so much to do on this phone. Definitely better than local mircomax, xolos.
Ordered this phone on a friday night and got it by Sunday noon. Prompt delivery. Kudos to flipkart & its retailers for constant update, tracking & super fast delivery. Had a sub 20k budget and zeroed this one finally after comparing (Samsung, Micromax) features online. Pros: 1. nice looks & light weight 2. pretty decent & clear snaps taken in bright light. 3. Voice clarity. Cons: 1. Cheap look & feel for chargers & cables. 2. Lack of flip covers or cases available online. 3. Night or poor light snaps taken were pathetic.
Creative launcher and responds very fast. Decent camera with huge inbuilt features, 1 gb RAM and quad core processor makes the mobile runs fast. (no lags while playing high end games and watching high resolution videos. ) Display quality is crisp and very clear. (~312 ppi pixel density) Excellent 3g and wi-fi connectivity. Music and call quality are decent. Nice inbuilt call recorder. Excellent Battery backup. (2 thumbs up!) Cons: 4 gb internal memory
The best phone available i market Way worthy for its price Best battery performance! Camera decent! preddy epic if u ask me beats all d phones in its range dint lag till now this phone has an amazing launcher too cool stuff
please tell me whether this phone has WIFI direct? also whether it has the heating problem under heavy usage.
Got this phone this weekend. 1. Overall design good. 2. Fast bootup and operations. 3. UI is plain and not many customizations done by lenovo 4. access to settings like wi-fi right on the main screen. 5. There are 3 browsers (including chrome), torch, google play store, battery backup, batter warning, facebook/twitter, video recorder, FM, a free anti virus etc pre-installed
