MOBDDAZWWJJCDAJ5
I bought this phone after originally contemplating Karbonn A5. Let me summarize the pros and cons Pros Good touch response Sony PC companion makes transferring data from PC very easy Good Speaker Very good call and voice clarity Sensor with blue blinking light for missed calls Sony Smart Connect app is very good to create smart connections (you can create a profile to silence calls from 11 PM to 7 AM for example - check it out) Good battery life and fast charging (less than 2 hours to fully charge from 10%) Android ICS is very fluid with Sony customization Large internal memory - you can install apps to your hearts content Good wifi Cons Screen size being a little small can sometimes not register my touch accurately For those who want to silence an incoming call by waving their hand in front of their phone (near the ear piece where the sensor is), install SilentHover app from Android market. Use Organizer Widget (gives a neat dashboard of your calls and messages) and Go SMS widget for flipping through your messages ** For those who want to import contacts from a Nokia Phone** I had a Nokia earlier and I was able to import my contacts by first creating a backup of my contacts (from within the Nokia phone using its backup manager) and then copied the backfile file *.nbu to my desktop. I then renamed the extension to *.zip and extracted the file contents. If you search the folder for *.vcf, you will the find your contacts listing. Copy this to your memory card in your phone and you will be able to import this from your Sony Xperia contact app.
Who the hell here telling that it is not a dual standby mobile set? It is a dual sim standby mobile handset (Not dual active) means that the mobile phone can receive calls in sim 1 or in sim 2 in standby mode. The sim switch is there for you to decide which sim you r going to use for the outgoing calls and for the internet. Thats it.. I think I have cleared your doubts. I have purchased this set and using it for 3 days.
Xperia Tipo Dual, cousin of Xperia Tipo is an outstanding creation released by Sony for the people who want to buy Android phones at an affordable rate. Of course people who want to use Dual-Core ones won't like the specification of this elegant and eductive masterpiece. My suggestion to them is: Before they superciliously reject this phone, they must know, not many people could shell out 25 thousand Quids to buy a smartphone and there are less fortunate ones who want to own an Android device and enjoy the most of it . It should be a worthy buy as it has a reasonable configuration and is also coming at an attractive price and also not many Dual-Sim smartphones are available in the market which run on Android 4.0.
1. Its a dual standby.. means,, when u r using one sim to make phone call/ using GPRS the other sim gets off. SIM switch button is just awesome feature.Very easy to switch between sim's. 2. 3G is supported on both sim's but not at a single time.. i.e if u r using 3G on SIM1 den you can use only GSM mode on other.You can always switch d preferred sim for using 3G anytime. 3. Phone memory is 754MB+2.15GB i.e phone only(like whatsapp, GO sms) apps can be installed only in this 754MB space(This is sufficient).. 2.15 GB is as good an external card fixed inside d phone permanently. 4. Headphone output is below satisfactory,,,, Do get purchase a good new headphone with d handset. 5. Phone built quality is pretty good. 6. Touch screen is way above satisfactory.. FOR THOSE WHO R IN NEED OF A DUAL SIM SMART PHONE.. JUST GO FOR THIS ONE.. U WILL NEVER REGRET OF BUYING THIS. As this phone was out of stock from flip-kart from many days, I had to buy this from local market.
I got this mobile 1 week ago... and i am facing many problems like 1) the person who is calling me is getting echo sound of himself, hence person at other end can not hear properly, this is happening with both the sim card. 2) Sometime it show network rejected for one sim and some time for other one, half of day only ine sim is active. 3) If u pause the music player and u remove headphone then music automatically starts. 4) if u r talking with some one with headphone and if u remove headphone na the call get disconnected automatically.. these are main 4 drawbacks which i got in a week... and told about this to telephone shoppee pune, from where i buyed mobile.. he said no replacement will be given and told to go to service center.. lets check whats service center people says... Please dont buy sony xperia tipo... waste of money....
First of all I would like to say that I am using this tipo dual since 45 days. So all my review is based on that. Pros: 1. The first thing that came in mind when I purchased this is that I am getting a Xperia series phone in 10k! I have thought about other Indian models from micromax, karbonn etc. but this phone gives me a kind of feeling of branded phone and not like some chinese re-branded phone. Also if I have purchased some micromax,karbonn etc. models then I may find myself ashamed in taking out those phones in front of my friends and public. Hence first thing is getting Sony Xperia series phone in 10k! 2. I love gaming a lot, and this phone (although being small) does not disappoint me. I have played around 450MB Gears and Guts and other HD and big games like: Frontline commando, Death trigger, Dangerous, Temple run brave etc. I was surprised because some of these phones lag even in Indian 10k dual core phones, but this phone being only 800MHz runs them very well. I was surprised to see that this phone supports Asphalt 7 which is of 1.6GB in size (I am using 2G connection hence can't download this big size of game, so was unable to check its play quality, but it will surely run on this because playstore shows it compatible) 3. Audio quality of this phone is simply superb (it has given xLOUD feature). And listening music via headset or speaker is very pleasing. The audio does not distort even on high volume (given your music file is of good quality). 4. Internal memory: It has total 2.9GB internal memory (700MB+2.2GB). Which is more than enough for installing apps. Currently I have installed about 30 Games and 70 other apps and still it has 500MB memory free. It also have 512MB of RAM, which is sufficient for handling multitasking smoothly. 5. Android 4.0: While most of other branded phones in this range (Samsung, LG etc.) are still coming with Android 2.3, but this phone comes with 4.0! This is another surprise. You don't have to wait for upgrades by company. 6. 50GB Free Box storage: I got 50GB online storage by Box, which is a bonus surprise for me. You can upload your documents and access it from anywhere in the world. And 50GB is too much for me. Cons: 1. Small Screen: I was worried about the size of the screen this phone have and the resoloution of screen. But it has 320x480 resolution which is still better than samsung phones and this resolution on samll screen results into a clear display! Typing on this phone in portrait mode is not comfortable for me few days but in a weeks I adjusted to it and now I am typing this review by my Xperia Tipo Dual! 2. Camera: It has only 3.2MP fixed focus camera, which does not sounds good. The photography in low light is very poor. But note the other point, no other branded phone in this range comes with more better camera. Although Indian brands like micromax, karnonn etc. comes with 5MP or 8MP camera, but believe me their photo quality is very poor even in comparision with this only 3.2MP Xperia Tipo Dual. 3. Dual standby mode: This is really a big problem. If you are using one SIM you can not use other SIM. Even if you are using data connection on SIM1 then you can not use SIM2 (it will go into emergency mode). This makes dual SIM feature useless, because as an Android user most of time you will be using data connection. Hope sony will resolve this issue in their next update. But if you are using wifi for internet access, then it will not matter to you.
Everything looked fine on paper and hand for the first 2-3 weeks, and then the torture started. The touch went haywire and it will make you mad. When i took it the service center .. there were 6 other desperate tipo owners, hitting their heads for touch and echo problems. Re-calibrated (software) its touch but the troubles returned after another week .. then they got its hardware changed. Service center ppl said it was a flaw in the first batch and things have been all corrected .. and the new touch hardware should work smooth. And then after another month.. the touch went bonkers again.. need to take it to the service center again.. dont know what they will do... Guys this phone has serious flaws.. its best to stay away..and bet your money somewhere else.!!
very good set. noticed some features which may have need attention. pros ==== 1. good look 2. os is good. internal memory provided helps storing bigger apps. 3. screen color is good. and well responsive. 4. sound quality awesome with xloud tech. 5. headphone is not so bad. much better than same type of nokia or samsung. 6. timescape interface is very good and fun to use. 7. can play some 3d games also. 8. screen is made of mineral glass. NO SCREEN PROTECTOR NEEDED :) cons ==== 1. screen viewing angle is not so wide. you see brightness diffres from a slight change of angle. 2. The external card memory, which is not accesible by some of file explorer. as they found the internal memory as sdcard. 3. back cover of the phone is very badly made. plastic is of poor quality. 4. in spite of having 512 mb of ram, gameplay affected when you receive a sms. 5. use of dual sim sockets and micro sd card socket is tidious. 6. charging cord is too small, but it is due to the usb connectivity. 7. xpected xperia timescape(silk) lwp but it is not provided. 8. preloaded file browser literally sucks. 9. a funny thing. the earpiece speaker is so loud that sometime caller may hear his echo. so you have to set the volume medium while calling. 10. photo and video widget shows deleted file's thumbnails for very long time (may be 6 or 8 hours ;). afterall this phone has some small issues but bottomline is 'it is awesome' with this price tag. and hereby it deserves a 4 star.
i purchased this sony tipo dual silver after reading so many reviews, initially i felt this phone was too good tough i feel a bit problem in voice clarity, within a week i realized tht the voive clarity problem is not because of network all tht is bcoz of phone. # there is a voice break # other person on cal gets echo sounds #sometimes it shows network not registered totally dissatisfied with this phone
Sony has come out with yet another beauty!! a budget phone with almost all good features! battery comes for almost one day for a normal use compared to other android mobiles. dual sim with swap button.Xloud technology gives a good speaker sound. P.S. Flipkart gives it in the most least price and a very fast delivery in a very proper packed condition!
I have been using this phone since 7 days. As mentioned by one of the reviewer, this phone is 'dual standby', that means, it can receive calls on both the SIM cards, but while making a call or sending SMS, one needs to switch. Even this switch is pretty easy, a dedicated button is provided or you can do this switch through an settings option as well. As far as features, biggest factor for me to go with this phone is android 4.0 and internal memory of around 3gb. I don't think you can get these 2 things any of the competitors in this price range. Battery life is also good, i get 1.5days after full charge. Overall i am very happy with this handset.
Hi EveryBody, I bought this phone a couple of days back and I would like to share few merits and de-merits regarding this phone. Merits: (1) The battery back up is very good compared to other Android mobiles. After charging the mobile to full 100%, I used continuously for internet browsing and watched youtube & daily motion videos for 4 hours. Then also the battery level is discharged to 65%. i.e., still there is 35% of battery back up. Also note that the charging time is too fast. If there is only 10% of battery in the mobile, it took less than 2 hours to charge to 100%. (2) Call and Voice clarity is too good. (3) Internal memory is too large for an Android phone of this price range. So you can install more applications as per your wish. (4) The phone runs on ICS Android platform and it can be easily upgradeable. (5) The phone runs quad-band 2G and 3G on both Sims. (6) Runs smoothly on all websites. Especially videos sharing websites like Daily Motion, You Tube etc. (7) Stylish, scratch resistant and also touch response is good. In some reviews people have mentioned that the touch response is not that good and also screen size is small. But as per my consideration, the touch response and the screen size is good. (8) Wifi is too good. (9) Sony PC companion makes transferring data from PC to mobile easier. (10) Dual sim and dual standby is an additional advantage. De-Merits: (1) This mobile have only 3.15 mega pixel camera and also the quality of the picture or video is just satisfactory. For the camera quality I can give rating of 3 stars out of 5. (2) I have noticed the screen resolution is more contrast by default and it is not mixed or synchronized with the ratio of brightness. Hence if you took a photo of a person in this mobile it shows slight grey shades in the face and skin area. But when you transferred the same photo to your computer, you will be happy since the grey shades will not be there and also the picture will be good. (3) I don’t understand with the charger whether it is in good condition or not. When I put the mobile on charge for 2 hours, the charging stops after one hour or less. Then again I have to remove and re-plug the charger. This is irritating for me. Eventhough the mobile get fully charged within 2 hours, the charger automatically shuts off after one hour. (4) So far I couldn’t able to find out the “Record Call” option in this mobile. I suspect whether it is there or not. Finally my conclusion is if you need good battery backup, call quality, latest Android version, dual sim, wonderful experience in internet browsing and user friendly applications then you can purchase this mobile. Else, if you need high quality camera for photo & video recording then this mobile is not suitable for that.
Sony mobile r pure chinese mobile.they have sound problem in handsfree while calling to some one.you heard echo of ur own sound. plz try before purchasing.
First, this is not a real dual sim. Only one IMEI. And so only one SIM can communicate at one time - including Internet/GPRS. So when one sim is using GPRS, the other goes offline. This is not the case with SAMSUNG Galaxy Pro Duos that I lost. It had 2 IMEIs. That was my secondary phone, so this was to be the cheap replacement, but I didn't realise this network problem till I bought it. On Android, the net is often on for push mail, so the other SIM goes offline. The only solution is to put one SIM on WCDMA only and the other SIM on GSM only. So you need one 3G SIM and another 2G for this to work! Otherwise look forward to missed calls. Use *#*#4636#*#* code to access the Phone information and set one SIM to GSM Auto (PRL) and other to WCDMA only - use the SIM switch key. All other things work good - except camera, which is comparable to a pinhole camera! Battery is good. Signal, well, on the one SIM that is online is good. Internet is good, as I use it for tethering - just like now to download huge torrents on my computer. I think this is the same case with the Xperia E dual.... only one IMEI. If so keep away, would be my advice - when buying dual SIM look for two IMEIs - unless you are going to use it as a modem only, with only an occassional call. :-) Which is my use - but still, I wouldn't buy it if I had known this problem.
I did not buy this from flipkart but as a customer of flipkart, I think I need to pass on something which is very useful to other flipkart customers. I got this as a Third prize from Sony in their Diwali Contest. I too faced severe problems with touch and echo. Other than that is very fine. Recently I found a solution which completely solved touch screen response problem. But the echo problem is still annoying me. Download "TouchFWTools.apk" file and install. You may have to go to few sites to download this file. I did not find any solution for echo problem yet. I will inform as and when I find any solution. How to: 1- Download ''TouchFWTools'' 2- Copy ''TouchFWTools'' to your mobile phone via data cable or bluetooth. After copying, disconnect mobile phone from computer. (You can also download it directly on your cell phone) 3- Go to Settings, and in Security section, enable ''Unknown sources'' setting to allow phone to install non-market applications. 4- If you have file manager in your mobile phone, go to the location where you copied it and install the application. If you do not have any file manager in your mobile phone, first, either download and install ''File Commander'' or simply get ''Easy Installer'' and using this application, install ''TouchFWTools''. Both File Commander and Easy Installer are available at Google Play Store. 5- Run TouchFWTools and place mobile phone on flat desk. Press the ''calibration'' button. It will take few seconds to finish the process. Do not move or pick up the cell phone during this process. When it is done, test your touchscreen. (All credits go to the original developer of this tool)
Right from the time of purchase of Sony's maiden Dual SIM venture, I have been having worst nightmares wrt to the phone and its lags. Have no qualms about the display/battery. However, there are a sea of other issues hanging around..!!! Dual SIM..??? Well, its just for the name. The phone does not support dual standby SIMs. While either of the SIMs fluctuates in its network strength, the phone miraculously displays a full network strength, when in reality there is no network at all. Pass through a low/no network zone, and you may end up manually enabling/disabling the SIMs or their networks. You end up living in a illusionary world of Full Network, where there's none...!!! A common problem that I heard wrt TIPO being unresponsive with its touch, remains true. Though not experienced majorly, you may watch out before buying..!!! Best Part : Have given the mobile twice for servicing till now. And the issue remains absolutely the same till date. Courtesy : The great Xperience and Xpertise that is on display with the Sony Service Center personnel. (Once a factory reset..and second time a software reinstallation...) And customers are given to believe all is well, while its the same old wine in a new bottle. Gist : If you are looking for a SONY product within a range of 10k, I would rather suggest you go for a SINGLE SIM, and NEVER a DUAL SIM TIPO.....!!!! I regret to say, SONY has failed bigtime in providing a problem free Dual Sim phone to its very first target customers..
my REVIEW WILL DEFINITELY GOING TO HELP THOSE WHO HAVE SET UP THERE MIND TO PURCHASE THE SONY XPERIA TIPO DUAL Guys PLZ dont dare to purchase the phone it has multiple problem like 1)u cant tether ur phne to a PC or laptop if u are using Windows XP it only works in windows 7 n UP 2)sound quality is bad as it is not expected from sony 3)camera quality is manageable not upto mark 4)Great deal of PROBLEM IN TOUCH SCREEN normal people cant smoothly operate 5)mike and the speaker echo while talking over phone BASICALLY SPEAKING IT EVEN NOT FULFILLING THE BASIC CRITERIA OF A MOBILE PHONE AND FEEL SORRY FOR THOSE WHO HAVE ALREADY PURCHASE AND REGRET
A Sad phone......... sound quality is very poor unlike of Sony also no flash for camera & pics of extremely poor quality. Only advantage is dual sim. Prices anyways fallen by 20%. Will be careful before buying Sony products, bought it considering Sony brand, but was wrong.
Guys Guys Guys... if you are planning to buy this one... STOP IMMEDIATELY... There is a hardware defect found in this piece and because of that, sony has stopped manufacturing of Tipo & Tipo Dual. Issue : echo problem! This is really a worse Phone! Remember one thing - You may fall in love with beauty but, finally you have to live with the character! Tipo is Nice beauty but worst Character!! PLEASE don't buy..!
Since 2 days i am using this telephone instrument,i have following issues with in it 1.Echo problem during conversation 2. Second SIM will be deactivated when the first SIM is in data traffic 3.Mobile signal is not stable 4.Network issues creating problem in messaging The phone is not worth for the money,Please check for alternate phones I have already logged a complaint with Flipkart and waiting for typical flipkart support
Pre-ordered the device on Flipkart on September 12. As usual received the item on time and in good package on Sep 15 three days after it got launched. I already own an LG Optimus One P500 and was in search of an android mobile with decent hardware specs, dual sim and which runs on android ICS 4.0.4 update. This device precisely sufficed my requirements. After two weeks of usage here is my review about Sony Xperia Tipo dual. Sony has finally managed to enter the entry level android mobile segment already dominated by Samsung galaxy and LG Optimus series with the launch of this device. The USP which differentiates Tipo dual from others is dual sim, 512 mb RAM, 2 GB of user memory, 800 mhz processor and ICS 4.0.4 OS. Like all other mobiles in xperia series it has the customized Timescape UI. Looks pretty neat and organized on the 3.2 inch screen display. Though found the small screen display to be hindrance for reading text or browsing the web at times. Tried some graphics intensive games like temple brave, can knock down2, prince of persia classic and rip tide. The adreno 200 GPU delivered smooth rendering without any lags. One of the most interesting feature which I personally liked about this device is the dual sim management widget and the dedicated button for sim swaps. It is so convenient to switch between sim cards without drilling down into any menus. As usual with any Sony devices audio quality is the best compared to any other Android phones in this segment. Music playback is crisp and clear even on speakers. Thanks to the xloud technology perfected by Sony in the Xperia series. As mentioned in earlier reviews while multitasking I could observe a slight lag in the response occasionally but for the most part it runs smoothly. Battery backup is too good for a dual sim and lasted for two days after full recharge on dual sim mode with 2 hours of internet browsing, 3 hrs of talktime and one hour of music. Overall a decent entry level phone packed with good features. If you are looking for an android dual sim mobile this device is most recommended.
jst bought dis phone...I did not experience this too much...1st look review 1. dual Sim...but its standby mode sim...not active mode sim.. 2. killing silver looks 3. good touch response....not awesome 4. sony brand 5. scratch resistant 6. easy to handle 7. affordable price 8. ICS overall this phone is a good deal...you won't get anything better than dis mobile at this price... I have spent a quite long time...this phone jst told me that dont waste ur time...jst buy me...you will not regret...and I made a good choice :)
Sony has somehow forgotten to make quality stuff.. which is why its getting beaten by everyone starting from Samsung to Apple. Bought this phone yesterday- since then struggling on simple issues like touch (cant unlock in one try) to setting FM stations. Call quality is very poor..setting widgets is a pain and numerous call drops.. Quality of headphones id suspect. Sony should fire all their engineers & sell the mobile business to HTC. I personally will never buy a Sony (I was a loyal customer till today- I have a TV & a Stereo made by Sony & used to recommend to others).
do not buy this mobile, useless phone, bottom half of the touch screen, not working after 14 months... this most commonly reported problem in sony mobile phones...check forums, some people are saying firmware update will fix this...but really not... took it to sony service centre ,, they are telling will take RS 3000 to replace the touch (but phone itself 6500, screen is 50% price), generally i do lots of research before buying mobiles, my sister bought this in home town, without my knowledge... my cousins also have got sony brand phones... serious main board issue, screen issues,,, battery problems... sony service is given for out sourcing in India's major cities,,these people they don't know how to service SONY main board properly ,,so only they will ask u to replace the Main board which will end up in 80% cost of the mobile... now Chinese mobiles becomes stable,, but this Japanese company becoming like Chinese. simply SONY = OVERPRICE, OVER PROMISING feature (like water proof) but technically their mobile is not capable to do this. my kind advice stay away from sony mobile...or surely you will regret for this rete this for -1
This is the second worst phone I ever got... why? lets see.. 1. It heats up 2. the screen size is small and touchpad has poor sensitivity so you have to press hard it is so uncomfortable to call from this phone that i use Asha 302 as a standby. I had brought it along with E series and though that one also has poor touchpad the screen size helps us to call but on this set...... I have given it 2 stars coz i know another phone which is worse than this..Worst is samsung duos which i bought by mistake ... Conclusion before buying a set check it physically.
I have been using this phone for last one and a half year now and it gave me a lot of pain. I took it to service center 5 times during warranty time and now I cheated someone by selling ot when warranty was over. Problems: 1. most of the time there will be no network in secondary sim 2. It's speaker damaged thrice 3. Display damaged twice 4. and it is so so slow Even service center changed it's motherboard once and finally he service man at service center suggested me to to sell.
whole product and its features is good for this price but "switch on/off button " is so bad and it slipping from hand every time and touch is also not good.if u want to bye this try xperia E it is better ........
It is a cute little phone but I often find the touch mechanism a little slow.It is also a head ache when it automatically converts sending contacts into mms and fails to do so.Another defect is that when we change the memory card it does n't start working as in other phones..We have to fiddle with it
This phone has the highest radiation among all Sony mobiles. All other features are excellent. Go for a higher model of Sony which has SAR value less than 1 W/kg (or) go for Samsung smartphones which have really low SAR. Please....:) No offense Sony.
I bought this phone some 6 months back from flipkart. After one automatic system upgrade, my phone is behaving very badly. sometimes home screen is not responding, sometimes contacts not responding. Any application you open, it will take a hell lot of time to open. Please don't buy this phone. If you are going to buy any android phone, please buy the phone having good RAM capacity and at least 1GHz processor speed. Else any android phone will behave badly. You can get very good of with little higher price than this damn phone. It is a complete flop phone.Also waste of money..
sony tipo dual is worst ever phone i have bought ever.it creates echo to call receiver and sony authorities don't have any solution for that. they just keep you telling that we are testing ur phone and they keep testing even for more than 30 days with there all possible way but the problem can't be resolved.and in last they use to say wait for month and we are developing some software for that.
DONT BUY SONY.other brabds give good service.I tried to get this repaired in ghaziabad,they told that i will have to pay RS 8,000/-????WHAT A FUN? IS IT A USE AND THROW PRODUCT?previously I have suffered with sony music systems.
I have purchased this product in the month of DEC and the next month it has a problem in Mic and it has been submitted to sony service center. The Next day they informed that your phone mother board has a problem and ur board has to come from sweden so i have used hardly for 20 days. its FEb end i have not got phone and its still lying in service center so guys be carefull about sony products.
I have bought sony xperia tipo dual 1 month back, and fisrt day onwards I am facing echo problem. I have submitted my mobile in the service center, they had taken 20 days time,they have just updated the software but problem not been resolved(echo problem means the call receiver hear his/her voice return along with caller's voice) also sony xperia service is very poor in india.I have spoken with sony call center people they said that it is the common problem in the tipo and that might be a mother board problem, they can replace you. This is not the correct way to release the sony product in the market. I am getting un-necessary burdon and irretation.Please friends don't choose this. Sony is Sleeping nicely.... PLEASE DO NOT BUY SONY XPERIA TIPO DUAL IT WILL WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME...
got this phone from dubai in october....though everything promised in the specifications works very fine but the main problem is the input i.e. touchscreen .....it do not works that good always ... if the input do not works fine how can you be happy with any touchscreen phone ??//
recently i bought this sony xperia Tipo dual mobile,, i was getting Eco problem from the receiver side,, i heard many people are facing this problem,, i cant beleive a brand like sony releases a mobile without proper testing ,,
sony xperia tipo dual has echo problem which could not even solved after relacing motherboard in warranty(echo problem means the call receiver hear his /her voice return along with caller's voice) also sony xperia service is very poor in india it has taken almost 1 month for replacement of motherboard but then also problem is not solved PLEASE DO NOT BUY SONY XPERIA TIPO DUAL IT WILL WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME
This phone has too less ram and a low speed and single core processor which is not suitable for ICS ( if you are using too many apps) and jelly bean OS. I know the price is less, but when you are capable of spending around 8000-9000, isnt it better to spend a little more to buy a phone which can smoothly operate without any issues? For ICS...786 TO 1GB RAM is a minimum requirement, and for Jelly bean...1GB to 2 GB RAM (2GB is more suited) is required to run without any issues.
I bought this Sony mobile in The Mobile Store for 10.3k bundled with 16 GB MicroSD Card for Diwali 2012. All the specifications are satisfactory except the dual SIM thing. Unlike Samsung Galaxy series phones, this is not a dual active SIM phone. Means, if you're on a call in SIM 1, then SIM 2 will be notified not reachable to the incoming callers. Another great disappointment is when you use data (GPRS/EDGE/HSPDA) in one SIM; another SIM goes automatically in Emergency Calls Only Mode or No Service mode sometimes. Though not always, you might get this problem very frequently. If you have or don't have data in only single or both SIM cards you might get another type or problem. The data traffic on both SIM cards will be active and no matter how many times you try, you cannot switch off the data traffic in SIM 2. You try choosing Selecting SIM Card for data traffic yet the annoyance continues. Even if you have data in only one SIM card, you may not connect to the internet whenever you want. You try to disable the other SIM card which does not have the data connectivity but you would fail connecting in the first SIM. I am very much worried for these reasons and regret i didn’t choose Samsung’s SMART Dual SIM Phones :(
I have purchased the Sony Tipo duos from Flipkart. As advertised I received the product in 3 days. However it was a total disappointment with respect to the quality of the Product, specially the touch screen sensitivity. Extremely poor sensitivity with the screen unlocking a difficult task and scrolling the screen extremely difficult or sometimes impossible. I do not recommend this product to anyone.
PROS: UI CANT BE APPRICIATED BY WORDS LOTS OF MEMORY good proximity sensors good cam for a 3.2mp feather touch screen( there was no issue ive been using this for the past two weeks) SPEED IS GOOD CONS: SMALL SCREEN FOR BIG HANDS HEADPHONES NT TOO GOOD OVERAALLL GRT GO FOR IT :) THANKS FLIPKART FOR THE QUICK DELIVERY
I have just graduated from a normal no frills phone onto an android phone. Its a good phone, however, I'm not that impressed by two things specially. 1. The keypad is small and I find it difficult to type. 2. The screen is non responsive sometimes. There is truth in some of the posts here about there being something wrong with the screen bit. I will take it to the service center and get it checked. 3. I went crazy trying to get my phone contacts from my old phone onto this one. I finally transferred contacts using bluetooth onto the new one and finally was able to import the contacts after a lot of trail and error. 4. The software which comes bundled with the phone isn't all that great. Just about OK !! 5. The back of the phone is cheap..cheap..cheap ....plastic. 6. Sound is good. It better be .. its a SONY Overall, I'm not blown away by it ... but I think I can live with it. Sadly, a compromise has to be made. If it wasn't for the Dual Sim, I would have gone for a Blackberry .... BB wins hands down.
I bought this phone last week (My First Android). I love the Android v4.0 OS and the dual sim Feature of this phone. U can set one sim for calling and other for data Access. One disadvantage is if u are in call with one sim card will not be able to receive calls ir messages on other one. I am not able to explore the XLOUD option available on this phone, I could not find any difference in MUSIC switching ON/OFF. Not sure its a defect in my phone Can anyone tell me whats the exact fuction of this XLOUD Application
I have purchased sony tipo dual on dated 25/10/2012 after one day i have face a big issue like handsfree plz when u buy this product check ur handsfree with ur handset during call u listen your voice in handsfree i have check this problem 3 to 4 tipo dual handset every handset have this problem . i want to know tipo dual user face this problem if yes than please left review.
So i bought the phone tomorrow ..............from Mumtazuddin Kolkata as Flipkart wudn't be able to deliver it by Monday Pros : 1. Screen Quality way better than Galaxy Y duos of any QVGA including LG l5 e615 2. Battery lasted me over 1 day of charge considering i used 1 hr of 3g surf n download 3. ICS 4.0.4 out of the box Cons : The only con 1. Camera quality feels like crap..... Now to whoever who are saying they're having problems with touch 1.Test inside phone by calling *#*#*7378423#*#* works fine and it is correct, every part of screen accept touch ( calibration test>touch calibration) I was also facing touch problem yesterday but after checking the above I saw everything worked perfect....so I thought of replacing the HOME launcher from Sony Ericsson Launcher to other for ex : Nova Launcher prime or ADW launcher and the problem vanished...... Every part of the screen specially bottom left or right works like a charm....So there you go I cleared every1's doubt by this
When you buy the phone, check the touch screen. Some sony xperia handsets are not calibrated. I had to go to service centre after a day. After it got calibrated it worked fine. Awesome phone. Everything is good..even small screen size isn't a problem you can type well in it. The sound quality love it :)Can beat any phone The only problem is Battery life..but again at this price it can be compromised
this is a best mobile till now. in this cost you never purchase any mobile like that. sony is a very good company and they make all product very reliable. android 4.0 is very very good and all quality of this mobile is very nice. ram is 512 MB which is enough and also processer is 800mhz. the battery backup is also very good comparative to other android phone.camera quality is good and yeah the screen size is little bit small but if u need large screen size then why you'll purchase a mobile u should purchase a tablet. well whatever I would say that it is the best mobile forever..go and purchase this mobile if you want a reliable smart phone. :)
Hi.... I was searching for dual sim smartphone from last few months...saw the first look on sonys website....got impressed.....i went to a shop...asked for one....and got it.... spent precisely 15 mins in the mobile shop....(flipkart sorry....but u dnt hav a stock )... Pros: Excellent processor Great touch Super stylish Fast net speed... Great dual sim performances Cons: A lower resolutions camera
iam using this cell from three days back. first time iam using touch screen. sim1 is roaming and sim2 is normal. when iam getting calls it showing error unfortunately com.androiad.mobile not working stopped. performance wise good but i didn't understand why it throing error and how to rectify
Every thing in this compact mobile is very good. Android V4.0.4 Internal Memory ....more than sufficient. Dual GSM SIM (Standby) 800 Mhz processor I found only 412MB RAM, they have mentioned 512MB ????? Most important is cost Rs.10299/- I have not checked Camera. Head phone sound is not good, overall normal sound is good. other features are good.
i bought Tipo Dual yesterday exchanging my htc explorer. i'm regretting the act now. i bought this phone for 3 of its features. 800mhz processor, dual sim & 2.5gb. later i came to know that it has only less than 750mb that is available for applications. the rest is for the pictures and ringtones. this was good for me. the reason why i began to hate this phone. under bright sunshine nothing is visible. htc Explorer was 100 times better than this, no matter how much the sunshine. the display was clear. charging the Tipo took almost 3 or more hours on explorer it took less than 2 hours to full charge. the touch of Tipo is pathetic, i felt like using a touch-resistive phone. sometimes you will have to press 2 or 3 times to open an application. touch of htc was lucid. tipo is laggy, it took me 5-7 seconds to open the text message inbox. with Explorer it was a similar experience. after using htc "sense" sony's "timescape" is boring. there is excitement in using "sense" with less money htc gave that. the thing that i hated the most was the battery backup. after 3 or more hours of charging the phone it lasted only for 4 hours on a full charge!!! (maybe my piece is defective, i don't know) htc explorer stayed for aleast 12hours even when the "EDGE" service was "on" full time. the only thing that i loved about this phone is its browsing way better than htc explorer. so if you are going to buy this phone i would ask you to think twice before you do that. consider buying htc explorer if you can live with its low memory issue, (you can't install more than 3 big apps with the small small apps it has. i had installed whatsapp, viber & instagram)
Excellent service by FLIPKART for delivering this product in 2 days but really poor product from SONY. Touch screen is pathetic, at times embarassing when you are using in front of someone. Other than that it hangs very frequently. I think SONY should recall this product as it is not upto there standard. Don't buy this phone, you will regret like me.
@Vinal Raj, You are correct. I bought this phone (dual black) 5 days back seeing its looks and specifications provided. I did much research before going for this. There were no much negative reviews (may be because it is new and manu dont have actually used). Specifications provided are really cool but believe me, nothing works. Screen looks good but touch sense is pathetic, I have to swipe at least 3 to 4 times to unlock. Text typing is horrible. I stopped messaging using this phone. Adding to irritating touch experience, it prints some thing else. If I type "a" once, it printed "jl". Terrible!! Applications take at least few seconds to open. Any application. I contacted the seller and he has accepted to send it for service but I dont think it will improve. Buy the phone not because of its specs, but for its performance.
its not the fault of flipkart...its with the phone when i unboxed it and booted it up for the first time .. i had touchscreen problems and it was so unresponsive and laggy and buggy then it had network detection issues....the phone not at all detected the sim card then it came up with the upper and rear speaker problems.....wen i played music it played but the sound didnt came and wen i used to call someone the voice of the person on the phone was not audible rather it seemed as the upper speaker was too bad...........i suggest not to buy this phone
I am using this phone from one month. It is not good because 1. it is not dual stand by means if you talking with one sim other sim is not working 2. it is automatically restart again and again 3. After 10 days charger is also not working and services is not good. I suggest don't purchase it. its better go to samsung mobile phone.
yesterday i bought it...and simply saying vry vry vry nyc phone 1.no dual sim problem 2.no echo problem finally no problem related to phone and those who are telling any problem really they dont know how to use a phone...dats all..
This is a very good mobile who want a smart phone with dual sim, somebody told touch is not good, but incase touch is not good u go to near sony service centre and update the touch version(its free)..... but some applications hangs some time..
The sony xperia mobiles are full of defects...Plz don't purchase and waste your money. better purchase Micromax Canvas 2 or iBall 4.5h. I purchased Xpeia Tipo, it has touchscreen problem, Sim Network issue and Echo to the another person. I submitted my mobile to service center for almost 50 days but it's same condition. They don't have any solution and they are also not giving refund to customers.
Bought this phone from local multi-branded mobile shop (not from Flipkart.com). Returned on second day due to problem with touchscreen. Screen touch sensitivity is malfunctioning. :-( Don't go for it...
The phone to itself is very good. The only problem is the callers calling to this mobile are having echo of there own voice. Re-installed software but didn't fix it. Service center team is not able to fix this.
Firstly I bought this phone not from flipkart.com and I'm using this from past 3days. This is the right time to review about this. So, here it goes .. I am very much satisfied after buying this phone. Bcoz, 1. Awesome touch sensitivity. 2. Awesome Android ICS (4.0.4) and It is very fluid. 3. Large internal memory (For Apps : 754MB and Internal SD : 2.15GB) 4. Superb RAM speed (412MB) 5. Good processing speed (CPU speed : 800MHz) 6. Very good built quality. 7. Good battery life and fast charging (less than 2 hours to fully charge from 10%) 8. NeoReader Barcode Scanner. And I want to share some dissatisfaction about this phone. Here it goes .. 1. It is a dual sim standby mobile handset (Not dual active) that means the mobile phone can receive calls in sim 1 or sim 2 in standby mode, but you can't call from any sim by as your wish @ any time, for that the sim switch is there for you to decide which sim you r going to use for the outgoing calls, messages and for the internet. 2. Major problem that I got in this phone is about File Manager. It does not have proper File manager for browsing files in internal SD card as well as External SD card. However I got to know the pre-installed File Manager Astro can browse internal SD card, but for External SD card, there is no File Manager to browse files (If any one knows, please let me know) 3. Another major problem I got in this phone is about Alarm. In this phone, if we fix the alarm and switched off the mobile, the alarm wont works and wont wake ups you (I mean, if the phone is not switched off, the alarm works properly) 4. The audio jack that came with the package does not fit properly. 5. Pre-installed Voice dialer is not working correctly. 6. Camera is only 3.2MP (No Zooming capacity as I experienced, If any one knows, please let me know) and No front camera. 7. Graphic is only Adreno 200, this is not sufficient for large games. 8. Screen is only 3.2 Inches. Conclusion: If you dont want excellent camera and big screen, and you want only dual sim best android phone go for it!! "Awesome with some dissatisfaction!"
Advantages:Dual sim works very good. 2:touch is excellent. 3:Battery Backup is excellent Cons:when using net from sim 1 the other sim get out of network and if using net from sim 2 then the other sim 1 get unreachable. That's the only con i found.Overall excellent phone from sony.
I got this phone 2 months ago. My verdict: 1. Awesome battery and yes that's what you need in an Android phone. I keep my 3G always on in second sim. Works for 20-24 hours. 2. Tried with Skype video call and Gtalk. Works flawless. For Skype call since it does not have a front camera so you need to flip the phone to show you image to your friend. 2G will not work. Reliance 3G is best. 3.Wi-Fi Hotspot is great. I can connect my laptop anywhere needed. 4. Excellent sound quality. It has XLoud feature. None of the chinese rebranded phone can provide you. 5. Some of my friends who have Chinese rebranded phones like Micromax,Karbonn etc said that their phone had 5 or 8 MP camera but I only siad one thing that I have "Sony Xperia", which is ofcourse is a branded phone which you will never be ashamed of in your friends. 5. You can install any number of apps and games, it will keep working. No hangs, no restarts. 6. You know it has only 800 Mhz processor because it is the latest processor which is equal to 1.2 Mhz processor(out dated) of Micromax. So 800 Mhz is not an issue if you think so. Its like 3rd generation processor with this phone and other chines phones (above 1 Mhz) are 2nd generation processors. (Dont believe me , just google around). 7. Sony is giving a scratch guard inside the box. 8. Practice will make you type with ease. You can also use "hinglish" type setting. So it predicts hinglish words easily. Cons: 1. No dual active sim 2. Camera will disappoint you in low light.
I used this phone and with more time of usage it gets hot. Even while net download too, another SIM is not available and you not aware that you lost important call there. I used for 1 month and when i have longer conversation on this phone feels some damage to my head and feels slightly dousy.. Phone too gets hot in the situation. You cannot see details in sunlight on screen. Concern for SAR VALUE of 1.6 very high.. other branded phones have 0.40 - 0.60 on body... Not sure of the damage to our nerv system. I am planning to sale the mob as to save me from future damage.. Health is wealth.. suggest me another better DUAL ACTIVE mobile please...
I have purchased this phone two week ago from flipkart. Here is its positive n negative... Negative: 1. Fliplkart showing that camera is 3.2 mp , but its camera quality is same as VGA camera. 2. Touch is not so responsive as it specified. 3. charging time is about 2 hr. 4. No LED flash (biggest drawback) 5. No offer as memory card/cover. 6. During net surfing another sim is showing no service,i have checked this 10 times. Positive: 1. user friendly OS & handy size. 2. Battery back up is better than expectation 36 hr with 20 hr net surfing . 3. Sound quality is awesome. 4. display is good enough. 5. 800 Mhz processor is fast browsing. 6. 2 GB in build memory & 512 available RAM memory with lots of application installed.(very rare) 7. Scratch proof back cover.
Sony Tipo is really a very good phone.It may not have the best camera on paper(3.15 MP ) ,but the clarity doesn't depend only on the pixels...but the sensors also..And ,my friend has a HD recording phone.Even the videos taken from his phone,when uploaded to your computer doesn't produce best quality videos.....If you want good pictures and videos ..buy a damn camera!! And please, don't compare this phone to Micromax, Karbonn or any other shitty phones having better features than this......it just quantity not quality. You'll feel overwhelmed for some months and then regret!!!Buy this phone guys........
I wanted to buy a new cell phone, so i was in search of some good phones. I look at this purchase as 1 time investment & not gonna buy new 1 till next 2-3 years. I went through different phones & shops, but TIPO caught my eye. Sexy looks, ICS & it's "SONY ERICSSON"! Whaat more you want?? I ordered this phone from Flipkart because it's super awesome service, quality & cost! In TIPO dual there was only silver color available, but i only wanted to purchase this from flipkart so i ordered 1!!
Phone good but not a best because sdcard slot inside the battery so if wise to remove memory card so first of all shut down your phone and remove it. Other all company gives a external slot of memory card, Second is sim slot is very bad if you remove sim card so it's tough. This OS is 4.0 but look like a sony java device. File Manager not inbult you get from play store like a'Astro or ES file explorer etc.'
..i was gifted this phone by my Dad with love...but after using this phone i fought with my dad....it is nothing but a relation breaker... i have to press multiple times the same button for its action... the sensitivity is the worst....not kidding.. i always lose while playing games coz of itz poor sensitivity.. i have been seeing nightmares since i bought this phone... it takes atleast 5 minutes to type "I love you" in this phone and send it to ma gf... this phone has made meh the center of my friends laughter... ....please understand the gravity of my situation...:(
simply awesome I bought Tipo dual two days ago... its a brilliant buy... it can run temple runner without any lag... the display is crisp and no matter how small a 320 X 480 sounds, the display is worth praising... and just a few words for Avtar... stop bullying people around... and why would anyone go brush up their English skills just to be able to post opinions on a forum. You would rather do well to brush up on your attitude... and take a more considerate and respectful view of your fellow beings.
Sony Ericsson says Xperia is the complete business phone. I doubt, coz i just bought one last week.. a bit disapointment coz of the proxy settings is missing.. a simple setting but a large impact to all users of smartphones especially the corporate/college users like me.. regrets? Yes. If only I bump to this forum earlier, for sure im not going to buy one of this. and now im planning to sell my Xperia and get a better one...
dear friends, never buy i was much disappointed after 1 day, Bad points: 1)at 10k only 3.2 inch screen rather than karbon a21 dual core micromax canvas 2 also good than this 2) i bought thinking its good brand but now nervous xolo 70 is good 3) in daylight screen not visible :( 4) low resolution 5) no external memory card free 6) no gorila glass 7) sim card slots are pathetic 8) back cover seems cheap 9) internet settings are very hard to set 10) i have sim 2 net free but phone uses sim 1 net so my 100rs balance lose:( 11) no auto focus camera result poor:( good ponts: 1) brand is good and headphone and charger is good. 2) touch is fair not good 6/10 3) sound isgood
there is always having a problem. irritating smartphone, always hanging even there are less applications
very poor experience using it,bought it from flipkart,it start having problem after few months, touch is very bad,performance is very poor
I have experienced one month of hell using this phone. Utterly disgusting product 1.VERY BAD TOUCH SENSITIVITY 2.HEATS UP LIKE AN IRON BOX 3.POOR PERFORMANCE AND SPEED 4.LAGS ALL THE TIME (Sometimes I cant pick up calls due to the lag) 5.YOU NEED PATIENCE THAT I DONT HAVE TO TYPE ON THIS PATHETIC ON- SCREEN KEYPAD 6.Everything else bad to average
Defective product sale to customer, after many request also seller not agreed to return, i am suroprised the quqlity of product purchase from FLIPKART as this much poor. Regards, Shanmugasundaram.A.K.
at this price tag you couldn't ask for more.....the only problem is that the camera doesn't do any justice to the Sony Ericsson Xperia brand....far better than the Nokia X...
It has been one and half year I have been using this phone and I truly appreciate the Engineers of SONY team for fantastic and simple design interface. The phone works charms with 80+ install application including games. Also it is very handy to use and cheap at cost. The only con I feel is about the Storage memory else it is a masterpiece under 6k.
THINK before buying this model as it has got resistive touch screen...Touch screen is so bad which means you will end up hurting your finger while typing even a simple text message...I have discarded this item and bought different model..... I was disappointed when vendor rejected to my return request..
Very good phone..nice clarity, good battery backup and very useful for a mobile user intending to use it for calls, messages, whatsapp and a couple of android games like Temple Run, Candy Crush etc for time pass during travel time to beat the traffic..Great value for this price range.
Not Satisfied. It touch is resistive which is not good. This is the major drawback. Otherwise it is good. Advise. Go for any other sony mobile with capacitive touch.
Don't wait for purchase other wise you can't get stock . Tipo is my first android mobile. I kept Accounting and English related application with lot of games and I have got wonderful response from this mobile. I'm very proud of my best selection. Feel free to Contact 76763 73620 Thank You Sony Nikhil
I have a bought a same phone not from flipkart but from a local dealer on 1st March 2013 after reading its review on flipkart, filled fully with praises but all were misleading. *Within a month I faced a problem-while speaking on phone the person on other end heard echo noise and this happened to everyone to whom I spoke. *Then I faced several hanging issues but once the phone was hanged so much that it took me 10 minutes to make a call (even after restarting the phone several) *Then from 17th April, 2014 onwards I faced a major problem-the touch was not working (i don't know why even though I was very careful to my phone) and several apps didn't open and hanging problem and today (23rd April, 2014) I gave my phone for repair at afternoon and at evening I received a call from the service center employees that I will have to shell out Rs. 3500/- + taxes which would amount to Rs. 4000/- approx for repairing my display!!!! And the problem doesn't only persists to tipo but also to all Xperia models (even Xperia Z series). I have visited all the Xperia service centers in Pune (there are 3 service centers in Pune) and I have seen several people who are facing problems and most of them with common problem-hang, speaker problem, phone mic and ear piece problem. Its totally a horrible phone. I am regretting now!!!!! Now I am again planning to buy a new phone.....
I found the phone's touch screen does not function in one touch, - you have to touch a button ( whether it is the lock screen or call button or disconnect button or any other function buttons) several times to make it work. Sometimes the phone hangs and does not get disconnected after a call!!! Extremely dissatisfied with the handset and it is a waste of money.
I purchased the handset year back. Since then I am facing the problem of touch, which is not responsive. I replaced screen for twice and replaced motherboard for once. Still problem is there. Sony care is not responsive well to my problem. This is not expected out of good brand(?) like Sony. I feel this handset as China piece.
Good: voice recording loudspeaker touch screen phone calling camera Bad: screen quality hd video not supported old android version installed more than 300 apps and games with no lag
I bought it about a year ago. I will tell you that if you can streatch your budget a little more...go for Xperia E. Tipo's hardware is old. simple games like Temple run 1 runs slow with glitches. The ROM is too small, you can only install a limited number of apps. the processor is too slow, simple .pdf files run with difficulty often.
Avery bad choice in its price range... Please check the reviews(which are all true & dissapointing). With very few or no pros this mobile is packed with a no. of cons... Some of them are: 1.Ultra slow processor. Irritates when operated at normal touching speeds. Becomes very slow after installing even very basic apps like whatsapp, viber, true caller and almost dies on installing any game. So all game lovers forget utilizing its motion sensors for playing games. 2.Horrible camera. The camera is unable to click clear pictures even during daylight and and the videos are obnoxious. Since the mobile does not have flash its camera is of no use at night.Features like zoom, hd recording, autofocus etc. are all absent. Overall the camera in this phone is useless. 3.Poor quality headphones. The headphones can only be used in sound proof surroundings. 4.Small screen size. This mobile is a bad choice at this price since mobiles with a larger screen size are easily available at the same price. 5.Aesthetically a big failiure! The lock/unlock button is very poorly designed with no ergonomic consideration. The first problem that one will face in this phone will be forcefully getting used to its hectic button. 6.Poor service. The biggest suffering of buying a sony phone was that it gives a very poor impression for repair and service. Instead of correcting the problem prevailing in the phone the technicians increase them for ex. they will by merely update the phone software for any kind of problem. There are many other demerits of buying this phone but in short I would just say that "This Phone is a very BAD choice " Poor service. The biggest suffering of buying a sony phone was that it gives a very poor impression for repair and service. Instead of correcting the problem prevailing in the phone the technicians increase them for ex. they will by merely update the phone software for any kind of problem. This is a big problem atleast in Gurgaon.
Well, the phone doesn't really have much of an edge over other phones in any feature. The phone loses its shine, becomes dull gradually, and very plain eventually. You install more than 5 apps, it works slower than an internet explorer on a BSNL dial up connection. You drop the phone a few times, your audio port is jacked. A kid in your family plays temple run or angry bird for a few days, the motherboard is busted. Pictures from the so called 3.2 MP camera are worse than what they used to be like in my old Nokia 2690. Unless you handle this phone with care, with ultra super care that is, don't go for it. I am disappointed and feel let down.
what to say go for it. you are getting a 10k smart phone in 7k from flip kart. Although the delivery is quite slow. But the product is awesome.
Worth for the cost. very nice one. Worth for the cost. very nice one. Worth for the cost. very nice one.
My ratings are 0(Zero) from day i bought i am facing problems Cons: 1.Automatically gets switch off and restarts without our intervention 2.Too slow it takes around 60 Seconds to show caller id or to make a Call 3.Some times it through's memory errors i never imagined 4.I had SONY a high level brand but by this all those gone i never buy any SONY product without asking any one who is Using multiple times 5.Its worst than MicroMax i Couldnt even connect to internet.(2G or 3G) Service provider said this is your mobile problem. Final Tip: Don't go blindly to buy this Product Just by reading reviews
The most idiotic phone I have ever used. Very slow. Hangs very often.Many times the touch screen refuses to respond. specially in the case of emergency. Please think hundred times before you buy this phone
i bought this phone near about 7 month ago and my experience with this handset is good yet......for those who wants a smartphone with good brand value & below 10k can go with this phone with no doubt as my experience said.....some cons are there like camera in night is very worst,,very few times it hangs badly...but these could be ignored.....remember it's a phone of sony so audio is amazing in it..and about touch response i want to say just>>>>AWESOME.....
I bought this phone on 10/10/2012 upto now its touch is not working perfectly. Its a punishment for believe the sony. Pls..... Dont waste your money with this. For compulsion only i gave 1 star
When i receive the phone it's already got touch problem & when i went to Sony service center they are telling that the piece i've bought is having only 3 months warranty
this product is not upto my expectation .this sony xperia tipo dual price is also high but this mobile is not like a smart phone. it just like a very ordinary mobile.so my experience is very bad about this.
This is really a big blot on the Sony Brand. I had blindly bought this phone for the sole reason that it was from Sony. But alas!, the 1 year experience with this phone has been sheer painful. It hangs so much and the performance is so low, that I hugely repent my decision to buy it. The camera quality is utterly bad, though it says it's a 3.2 MP camera..but the picture quality is utterly bad..All the pictures clicked show in an unusual red color background. Finally I have now ordered Micromax Canvas HD A116i on FlipKart @ 10999/-(with 10% extra discount on HDFC), with some hope.
I bought this phone almost as soon as it was released. 1. This is no doubt one of the finest choice of entry level android if you have never used droids..Sony quality, considerable music quality, brilliant display and UI 2. Very smooth touch sensitivity. External Memory support, Appreciable battery back up. 3. The Camera is a disaster.. 4. Sincere request to buyers - SAY NO to Tipo Dual : Dual SIM Tipo is extremely bad.. No dual Standby.. It takes light year to switch between networks.. Becomes a 90 year old during operation. 5. High Memory applications/games such as even Temple run/Eqvt games hangs the device once in every 3 attempts. If your attracted to Tipo go for single SIM or else you will be ending up using only 1 SIM in a dual SIM phone anyway....
I am regular customer to Flipkart from more than 4 years. I bought Sony tippo phone and now it is 4th month and from past 2 months its touch screen is not working properly. Now i have to rush to nearest service center. Anyhow THE SERVICE IS FREE BUT UNFORTUNATELY THE PRODUCT WAS NOT GOOD AT FIRST TIME !!!.This will strengthen the negative impact that flipkart is selling factory seconds as genuine products. Flipkart has to concentrate on this to deliver genuine it is not the matter of free service but matter of delivering genuine products WHICH WILL BE LAST AT LEAST FOR 1 YEAR.
Good Value I bought this, cause i personally prefer SONY. If there is a SONY Brand in whatever i buy, i go for it. However SONY TIPO did not impress me and gave me a headache in the beginning. Touch was very insensitive, i couldnt attend any calls for a week. And the phone was frequently hanging. But after a service, everything is fine. Works perfectly ALWAYS GO FOR SONY
the phone is too good. i am using this phone from the last 15 days its too good i liked it . the features are good .my friends told that the phone is excellent
This mobile is good for the price mainly on the features provided. The best that I like about this is the hotspot facility. Battery last for a day with GPS, 3G, phone calls, text, chats so I guess it is good enough. Its a dual sim and works for both normal and mini sim (they have provided extra case for mini sim so three cheers for that!) Sometimes when I work on it fast, it hangs and I need to wait for about 30secs or more for it to get back to normal. The screen could also be improved as I find it lacking in the pictures being more crispy clear. Overall this phone is a good buy at this rate. Sorry, I got to give just three stars though.
Flipkart's services are fantastic,quick delivery and competitive pricing.However this phone does not live up to the Xperia line.Anybody who says Tipo has a good touch screen is a balatant liar or has not extensively used it (i have 1.5yrs). Web experience is a nightmare in website with small thumbnails( all the websites in the world),processor is mediocre at best and camera function leaves much to be desired.Save yourself hours of frustration and get anything else other than this excuse of a phone.
If you r going to purchase this phone, please be aware. 1) i purchase this and after one month it was in repair center. they replace motherboard of phone. 2) Camera is too poor of this. 3) Usually it restart when we change gprs to wcdma mode
In this phone,i want to add some information that if both SIM are on 2G Network and we are surfing data then other sim get in "No Network" mode i.e. Unreachable. Dual Sim feature is successfully operation only when the Active Data Sim is in 3G network mode and the other sim is in 2G network.
good phone for the price.. since the OS is android the learning curve is very less and the ease of use is good. sound quality is pretty decent.
1. Bad camera 2. Unstable software, slows whole system after 1-2 months usage, needs reinstalling software 3. Sound quality is disappointing 4. In this price Samsung gives good smartphones Dont buy this
dont go for it it has just 3.2 mp camera,1ghz single core,512mb ram,i will say don't waste your money in tipo buy karbonn titanium s1 which is decent performing device in this price tag.
i bought this cellphone and it worked fine for a monthe and after that started giving problems like hanging and touch started not responded. i tried to solve the problem by hard reset but it did not worked... totally irritating............
This mobile is a Bull-shit.Please don't buy.This mobile sucks with Touch problem.Greatest mistake in my life.Stopped working after 3 months.This will make your life miserable.Worst product from Sony and i bought this from flipkart
I am using this one ..Worst camera I have ever seen, slow processing for games heavy application .headphone and sound quality is not good .No software upgrades form Sony.Battery backup is not suitable for frequent caller's
Please Don't purchase this Mobile ... 9 Months Me and My Friend purchased this mobile... First one Month working Fine From next month onwards ITs not working at all. Issues: 1) Its Shows Tower Signal but You could not get any calls to this. 2) When U use Mobile net using first SIM Second SIM automatically Down(NO calls for that). So please Don't Waste your money on this Stupid Product.
I have a Sony Xperia Tipo. It is one of the worst touch screen phones that I have used. The touch just does not respond properly. Even for basic stuff like receiving a call, when you need to slide across - the touch does not work. Wont recommend anyone buying this phone.
Don't buy this for dual sim purpose. One slot may not work after two - three months use. But overall performance is very good. Go for only single sim phones. Battery back up is so good. Wifi - support, Camera all are good. If you buy dual sim set ensure the availability of nearest service centre so that warranty benefits can be enjoyed
I Purchased this mobile for about Rs 10000/- . the very first month it worked OK. but during the course of usage, the mobile started Restarting on its OWN, non working of touch panel. I have given in SONY authorized service centre, they have updated the software. but after a week the same problem started again, One can observe the drastic fall in its selling price.more than Rs2000/- (i.e 20%) rate reduced in 6-8 months. PLZ dont go for SONY TIPO DUAL
The Phone is very good, but I think battery backup should improve. I have very good experience to buying this product from Flip kart. I suggest to buy the product from Flipchart only. The post sale service is excellent.
please do not buy this phone,worst touch screen poor camera no Walkman do not buy Sony mobile very bad quality all are from china product better to buy Samsung product i used for one month not satisfied in this product i wont buy Sony tproduc in future
I bought 2 cell phone at a time 6 months back, I m having echo problem since from the beginning in both cell phones,now having problem with touch,its not sensing properly,i really regret..dont buy this..
the mobile is good. but it ll process slowly as it is just 800mhz processor. the camera clarity is not good to 3.2mp, i ll not choose this phone. i should have go to xperia E dual. the mobile is good. but it ll process slowly as it is just 800mhz processor. the camera clarity is not good to 3.2mp, i ll not choose this phone. i should have go to xperia E dual.
Maine y buy kiya tha toh screen main problem thi fir replace karbaya tab sahi aaya lekin xperia main tum caller tune v nhi laga sakte ho or isse achcha toh mera samsuung galaxy y hai. Sony main wo bat nhi samsung is best..
I did not buy this flipkart but here are my reviews! 1. No touch problems 2. Good for a beginner with smart/android phones 3. No camera flash -_- that's ridiculous :P but the camera is average though 4. Lags many times :P i don't know why is that happening even through flipping screens 5. A little bit slow for advances users 6. NOT MEANT FOR GAMING EVEN TEMPLE RUN LAGS LIKE HELL Verdict:- Overall a good one for average smartphone users but not for a gamer! Hope i helped!
this an another good product from sony... Pros Good touch response Sony PC companion makes transferring data from PC very easy Good Speaker Very good call and voice clarity Sensor with blue blinking light for missed calls Sony Smart Connect app is very good to create smart connections (you can create a profile to silence calls from 11 PM to 7 AM for example - check it out) Good battery life and fast charging (less than 2 hours to fully charge from 10%) Android ICS is very fluid with Sony customization Large internal memory - you can install apps to your hearts content Good wifi cons: Screen size being a little small can sometimes not register my touch accurately For those who want to silence an incoming call by waving their hand in front of their phone (near the ear piece where the sensor is), install SilentHover app from Android market.
I bought an Xperia Tipo Dual on 22.10.2012. It worked well till last month. Now, I find that the phone is slowing down. Each touchscreen command takes a few seconds to respond, with blank screen staring at me till the command is executed. In short, when it should be behaving like a 20-year old, the phone is behaving like an 80-year old. A search on Internet revealed that the problem is not specific to my phone, but there are discussion pages describing the same problem since the beginning of 2012. I was amazed to note that Sony has nothing to say on the matter, and the company has not offered any fix. I am sure that my next smartphone will not be a Sony!
In this budget the sony tipo is excellent one. Audio and reception of calls are excellent.Apps' are nice and touch feel is very good. But earphones quality is not upto mark of SONY level, as it seems china made cheap one product.
Xperia tipo is not best in android phones, but in dual sim android phones it is best ( can trust ). Main drawbacks are : *only 800Mhz processor ICS ( Can't updated to jelly bean ) *3.2 mp cam good in : * this price *dual sim * internal 2.5 gb user available
Sony Xperia Tipo Dual is the best mobile with all new facilities in a reasonable price.It has a stylish look.Tipo is nothing but a small box in which the world could be seen. It is one of the good mobiles.
I am a Fan of Sony products. My choice after Nokia is Sony. But this phone is real piece of ****. Earlier Sony used to have Service centers for the sake of it. Now i think its only for Tipo phone. I you have enough money to spend and not regret about it, then feel free to buy it. If you have enough patience to use a smartphone whose touch doesn't respond at all feel free to use it. Rating this phone is 1 which i have given but its actually 0.01
I bought this phone 3 months ago from a local market. Touchscreen is very sensitive. Sound quality is awesome. Android ICS, good feel while holding in the hand and great battery life. really a classic product from sony at just under 10k. Go for it.
I 've purchased the above item from you. In some local packages for the same "screen guard " is included in the contain list. Just one day late than expected date of delivery. Product is fine, fast & most sensitive to touch. PC companion must be equipped to back up & restore contact in pc itself just like in other brands, instead of in google+. The phone is not packed with memo/notepad , & file manager which have to be download. I haven't fully used it to find more files to download. So much unnecessary apps & games to consume battery.
Best phone in this price , good delivery by flipkart , 1 1/2 days only :) i have order last Saturday night, now today (monday at 1.30) i got it . Phone review The phone sports a 3.2" TFT capacitive touch screen There is a 3.12MP camera capable of shooting videos in VGA format The phone runs quad-band 2G and 3G on both Sims The phone has 2.9GB internal memory expandable by up to 32GB via micro SD card The 1500 mAh battery provides up to 5 hours talk time in 2G and 6 hours in 3G
i'm using this phone since 4months now,at first i faced many problems like touch,echo etc.. but after using everyday i noticed that the problems are gone and now its a ok phone. Everything is good except camara quality,but u can't expect much from a branded budget phone
I have purchased this two months back. it is a bad one, actually the touch interface is very horrible.due to bad touch screen at least 5-7 touches(try) need to attend a call.Some times the calls became non attended. I dont know how other users are saying this phone is a best one...i read all the user reviews before purchasing.. now i purchased a new samsung phone, it is fantastic..and tipo waste my money..
i took this phone 6 months back. i experienced that touch is very bad and irritating. i never expect this type of quality from sony. this is my last phone of sony. now i can never trust on sony especially for phones.
I would like to clarify 1 point with respect to dual SIM regarding this phone. When you are ON call on SIM1/SIM2, then the other SIM is automatically marked with 'x mark' and it will say number not reachable/not available. I'm using a SAMSUNG 5212 phone which is not a smart phone but can receive calls at both SIMs anytime even if you are on call in any one of the SIM. This basic feature is not available in SONY. Camera is not a thumbsup. Personally I don't recommend to spend so much money on this phone. It has a graphics card which is good for games and video but bad for battery. You need to always carry a spare USB cable to charge it with your office PC. Before you buy a product, go to a shop like croma or univercell thoroughly verify all the features and buy it from a portal which offers best pricing. Buy a product only if you are satisfied and convinced.
Dont buy this phone. It has lot of defects, my brand new(Tipo Dual) phone is lying with sony service center from last 40 days.I was given phone for Eco problem. Most of the guys facing same thing. When i asked service center guy for fixing the issue, he literally said it is common problem with this phone and cant be rectified. then i spoke to customer executive, they took my phone back and till today i am not getting my phone. Whenever i use to call, they said part(Mother board) has been ordered and is yet come. Its mother board is defective and has lot voice problem. Go for some other brand with the same price. Sony has lost its quality. You can visit consumer forum before buying, there you can see lots of complaints about this phone. So dont buy this phone.
Never buy this phone. I bought this phone in January and on next day I realized that it hands free jack was out of order, I went to the SONY service center, they took more than a month to rectify the problem. When I got it back after a month's wait, I would have hardly used it for 2-4 hours and its Touch screen went off...... Its just a wastage of money..... Never buy this phone.
My Neighbour just by this phone as my Recommendation. I compare ths phone with other mobiles which available in market with same price & specification and hv big Brand Name. bt i never See this phone till d date. So now i check this phone. n i c that d phone is looking very Impressive at quad side. 1st thing is that it has [Androide 4.0 ICS] OS. which is Chipest phone of Sony at this price Range. d touch is very smooth n good, Nice 3.2 inch screen with 320x480 Resolution n 180 ppi density Wich gives a Good Quality Video view, interface too! phone Run d application realy well without Hang with 512mb RAM which is idealy just minimum. bt i like d big 4gb Internal memory wich 2.5gb available for user. u can use 2gb as external mem. n 500mb phone Apps. And 2 Secound thing is Sound. d phone gives you very loud sound with xcloud crystal clear sound quality. But very hately and not expected thing with Sony's brand Name is d Camra. with 3.2 MP Camra. the Camra is too bad!! Image quality is very Bakwas like u Capture with any VGA cam. Othervise I totaly like n love d Phone.["."]
i have very bad experience with this mobile, i bought at 13/11/2012 on diwali, and this company gave me very much default cell, that cell touch have too bad and i still complaining to exchange but this sony is not trust-able company now , i gave 9990rs fully money to this sony and they gave me bad touch on tipo dual, still this mobile on repair condition not much happy, so my experience is too too bad, means one thing is sure if you also get like i have so sony will never exchange you cell if you gave full money too company, i have still that mobile but touch is too bad, and i know 1000s of people i am 1, but this one you can also, so check when you buy.
As usual, FlipKart was spot on with their logistics. The phone can be termed as an entry level Android Phone with good features like internal memory(2GB) and decent battery backup(I have my mailbox sync on always) Performace wise I will rate the phone as 7/10 as there is definitely a lag that can clearly be seen when playing around with the phone even though the RAM is 512(i think) and the screen size is also small(3.2 inches), should be ideally 3.5 atleast. Overall a decent buy with small niggles if those can be ignored.
Cool features with some bad news Good News: Android 4 system with Live wallpapers, Themes, Widgets, Camera(video)......&Lots of apps....ok. Bad News : Nice camera but no flash, ther is no option to connect Bluetooth headset(Really bad news) No Bluetooth Discovery option so u cant connect some bluetooth devices (Try some apps)
Awesome phone gonna buy it for sure... writing this review regardin Blackberry 9220, a third grade fone, feel like throwing it sony alwaz makes good fone.. go for it... there are few cons... but pros are more... love it...
I am using Sony Xperia tipo dual and it is not working properly. I had also used HTC Explorer which is basic phone of HTC in android software but it is working batter than Tipo. I am getting problems like 1) Issue with music player 2) Issue with response of device 3) Issue regarding boot If you are buying phone upto 15,000 than go for HTC. I am not sure about higher phone segment then that.
Caller voice is like speaking thro' skype.....n same at the receivers end.....and i couldnt change my ring tone....ne one hw to change....same problm ne1 experienced b4?? while connecting to external speakers!!!
I have recently bought this smart, dual-sim wonder called SonyXperia Tipo from FlipKart & am using it past few months. Pros: Elegant looks Intelligent UI on Android platform Reasonably good camera Dual Sim works wonderfully (u can set timer as well as switch whenever needed) Light in weight & pocket Cons: Extremely poor touch sensitivity (this is big let down & not expected from Sony) Screen is tad smaller for watching videos Final verdict: Buy if you just want to use it as basic phone with dual sim option. For the price it's a smart deal provided you can stand or get used to scroll. If you can spend a bit more, go for Neo V which is a better option but with single sim.
This phone is one of a kind in this price range.I have been using this for the past 10 days and no problem with its performance and I am enjoying using the product. I recommend to go ahead and buy the phone. The only disappointing thing is Flipkart delivery service. I received the product after 11 days from order date.My rating is only for the product.
Really its very good experience with Sony Xperia Tipo. If you are going to buy any other smartphone with range something around 10k-15k then i would suggest that you must buy this Sony Xperia Tipo handset.
everything is okay with this phone... its has android 4.0 ICS os.. 512 MB RAM 800 MHz Processor 2 GB something Internal Memory dual sim but most important its a DUAL STAND BY phone not DUAL ACTIVE.... let me explain you guyz.... WHEN WE ARE ON A ACTIVE CALL BY ONE SIM THE OTHER SIM LOST HIS NETWORK SIGNAL..... MEANS NO CALL NO SMS FROM SECOND SIM DURING THE USE OF FIRST SIM at VOICE CALL :/
Dear all, first of all i am using any smart phone or touch screen phone for the first time, so i was bit confused about my choice, i had few selections, Defy+, Ace, Lumia, and Sony Xperia, and after lotsa research and with suggestion of my brother, i finally made my decision and i am really proud of my decision that i have now Sony Xperia TIPO dual in my pocket. This is giving me fresh feeling and higher confidence, though m not very techie person so i cant say any thing abt its tech. specification but in comparison to other sets, this one is surely at the top. so frnds those who are planning to buy or confuse abt Xperia, just go to the shop or onlin site. and click on Sony Xperia.
this phone is amazing..it has got ICS and dual sim..i real rare combo to find in todays market. i have bought two mobiles because i am just plain crazy for this phone..go for it!!!if this phone was available in other colors i wouldve bought all of thse colours coz i m just crazy dude!!!
Well according to me this cellphone is very impressive... there are many reasons for it... first of all its Android 4.0 OS which is only one which comes in 10K bucks, second best thing is its light weight.. I have used loads of Nokia Smartphones and all of them were so heavy, where as this cellphone is way to light.. Rest of the things are as good as in any other good smartphone !! * I would surely like to add this that when I ordered this the expected shipment was around 8-10 days but I guess the phone has reached to me in 4 days !! I have been very impressed with Flipcart Delivery Service, All the orders given by me have always reached before time !!
Screen resolution is awesome for a phone of this cost screen sensitivity is not enough it should have been much better, its good for playing some HD games ,Cam clarity quite adjustable, the keypad is a bit lagging sometimes, ICS is good,it supports 720p HD videos and its good to watch browsing is blazing fast with the best browser Google chrome battery is as usual 1 day and the phone quite good go for it i would surely suggest this phone
I Received My Sony Xperia Tipo Dual About A Week Ago. I was Seriously Very Confused About Buying It, After Hearing A Lot About The Defected Touch It Features....And I Am Writing This Review So That You Don't Face What I Did.....( i.e. Confusion ) The First Hands On Experience With Xperia is Sure To Blow You Out...The Sophisticated Design With That Small Sony Logo Is Sure To Catch Your Eyes....Well, The Problem Comes After That..... I Had A Lot Of Problem In Opening The Mobile Set And Setting The SIM Cards And SD Cards Into It. Maybe, It May Seem Very Foolish Of Me To Have Problem In Dismounting The Mobile Set....But It's Not That You May Also Face The Same Problem. Otherwise, The Mobile is More Than Awesome....Android v4.0 OS, Ice Cream Sandwich Is Not A Child's Play....Many Samsung And Other Costlier Mobile Are Still Providing Gingerbread OS....The Timescape UI is Very User Friendly And Lucid To Use...... The Dual SIM is Also Very Effective And The SIM Switch Works Like Magic.....I Don't Know Why A Lot Of People Have Complained About The Dual SIM Feature Not Being Effective. A 3.2 Megapixel Camera is Seriously Not Too Much But It Provides DECENT Photography And Video Recording Experience....(Well, Buy A SLR if You Feel A 3.2 Megapixel in Rs.10200 is Very Bad)....... Also..The 2.5 GB Internal Memory Serves As A Boon Because I've Seen A Lot Of Apps That Only Works In The Phone Memory...So The Number Of Apps in Not Restricted To A Small Number..Well I Recommend You To Buy A SD Card (Preferably Sony 8GB SD Card @ Flipkart That Cost 315 Rupees) Which You Can Buy From The 500 Rs. Gift Voucher , MAYBE . A Pre-installed Bar code Scanner is Also Good. The Screen Resolution And Size is Also Satisfying. A 512 MB Of Ram And Of Course The Much Renowned Sound Quality (XLoud Sound Technology) That Sony Mobiles Feature Is Far Too Good From Any Other Mobile. Well......If You Are Going For Any Android Phone....I Recommend This Set...Because This is The First One For Me Too... In The End, Flipkart's Delivery Services Are Very Fast And Secure....So Don't Wait For Others...Grab IT..........!!!
I am using this phone from last 15 days and my experience is as below 1. Though it is dual sim phone but only 1 sim work at same time you can't receive call on 2nd sim when 1 sim is busy on call. 2. lots of people are complaining about touch screen but after a simple patch found on sony xperia support forum it works smooth but still not found as smooth as other phone even my previous samsung galaxy 5 i5503's thouch was much better 3. wifi connectivity has lots of problem it does not connect to adhoc network 4. even sony whitepaper has mentioned that sony xperia tipo dual come with proximity sensor http://www-support-downloads.sonymobile.com/st21i2/whitepaper_EN_st21i2_xperia_tipo-dual.pdf but it doesn't have proximity sensors so no working compass Now good things are that phone has ICS which works fine after installing lots of apps and game no hangs and no lags no reboot battery performance is good after using average usage of 3g, calling, gaming and music play it stay last for 18-20 hour music is performance is good though music is not much louder but yes quality of music is good enough as I feel louder music kill sweetness of music
I bought this phone a week before, Very gud performance.... nice phone with its android icecream sandwich n dual sim n 3.2 mp camera,apps touch is very sensitive. nice sound effect tipo mobile touch screen is so so senstive and smooth.
An excellent entry level android phone with ICS 4.0. Great battery life and sound quality. Screen size may be tad small for a touch screen phone but at 10k it can be overlooked. The processor being 800 MHz can handle the applications well and there is no lag when opening multiple applications. RANM provided is 512 MB which is sufficient for this mini droid. Sony has provided a smart phone which is great value for money and being dual sim, helps a lot to swap numbers with ease.
sony xperia tipo dual is very style and smart phone. xsalent feutechers and xtradinary perfomens.phone looking is very simple and very super.music player is very very high quality sounds. dual sim in the model is very use full.
I just bought d phone !!!!!!!!! just too awseome. way too better than my samsung gaalaxy ace that i bought for Rs 13000 where i bought this for Rs,10200!! Pros:1)awesome display 2)great great audio quality(not with the headset provided(try panasonic headset dat gives amazing output wid diz phone) 3)Great internal memory(lot of things can be stored n installed) 4)great processing speed N MUCH MUCH MOREEEEEEEEEEEEE THIS PHONE SIMPLY ROCKZ !!! DONT HESITATE TO BUY THIS MINI BOMB !! U WONT BE DISAPOINTED .MY GUARENTEEEEEEEE
You can use 2G network on one sim and 3G on other. Cannot latch on to 2G on both sims or 3G on both. If atleast one of ur sim is not 3g enabled, if u have both sims with 2g only, then this dualsim concept phone can be used for one sim only.
i bought it today dated:4 nov 12, and was not surprised to to see the expected touchscreen problem. the screen response is really the worst and frustrating. so i have already talked to my dealer so they responded positively as to replace it if the sony service centre will not be able to rectify it. and i have gone thru many reviews that the service centres will work on it rectifying the screen problem to a buttery smooth response. so if u r getting the phone for urgent basis and you dont have time to travel to a Sony service center then this is not your piece of cake. or else the features in this range are mind boggling..
Hi, Another excellent product from Sony factory !! Xperia Tipo !! The handset is really awesome with Android ICS, Superb audio quality, very stylish look. Feeling very good holding it in hand. Display quality is quite good. Very decent performance. Many features and excellent quality for just 10K. Sony Rocks !! Once again !! I am 200% satisfied with this phone. Just go for it !! Thanks.
for 3g sim video call not seen this is the week point so phone is reject at this time i feel company lounch old model in cheap price i hope that correction in this range dual core pro...int mem...4gb front camera that is must otherwise costumer move samsung or other any company thanks anil
Cool looks,With nice battery ,best sound quality,with dual sim also 4.0 ice cream .....gud job sony.................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!its good phone must go for it far better than Samsung ace duos..touch is smooth !!!!!!!!!It means 50 GB cloud storage +2.2 GB system memory.
Sony xperia is fantastic but in some places i feel it could have been better regarding WIFI connectivity & internet connectivity, found some internal defects like some times with earphone plug in music automaticly playing same in plugging out earphone(FM auto on). Internet doesnt work while talking over phone & both the sim doesnt work while using one of the SIM.Camera quality could have been bettter, price according to these feature is more for this mobile, screen size for these graphics should be 3.5, if really sony is taking this as feedback please work on these fields which is mentioned above.
Hi I have faced touch screen problem initially. But it was resolved by service team with in 10 min. I did not face any problem except it & it have excellent features. it is very good for that price. I don't feel hanging on access mobile objects. very good touch screen. good navigation feature.
Only thing I like in this phone is battery Backup, dual sim functionality is also good. Camera is worst, not satisfied with GPS. Now facing touchscreen problem. This thread shows (http://talk.sonymobile.com/thread/53679) most of them having the same problem, but no solution provided there yet. We need to go to a service center to get rid of the problem. Decided to sellit and buy galaxy ACE.
I have purchased this Mobile not from Flipcart but from Sony outlet used for 3 days below is my review : 1) Look-wise Good but not Excellent. 2) Fast Internet Browsing & Downloading without hanging. 3) Excellent display 4) Good camera 3.2 but very good quality clear picture. 5) Battery back up is good for 1 day with 24 hour Data plan on. 6) Performance excellent mean to say fast opening of application. Cons 1) Small screen 2) Less Battery back up but will do
My main reason to pick up this phone was the availability of ICS with Dual-SIM at low-cost. The phone holds great in all the above areas. But it lacks in one area, Battery. My tests revealed that the battery does not last more than 6-7 hours in standby mode with no app / wifi / bluetooth / data traffic. I'm in touch with Xperia Support. But for now, I'm disappointed with the battery.
Its an awesome dual sim Sony handset for such an irresistible price, I bought it 5 days back and I m very happy using it for its smart touch screen compared to Samsung mobiles, ever best Sony's classic clarity in camera it provides n last but not the least its amazing sound quality...
I purchased from "THE MOBILE SHOP, TGIP Noida Sec 18". Got a Samsung car charger and a 8 gb Sandisk memory card. Its only one feature that sucks "YOUR ANOTHER SIM CARD WILL BE DEAD IF YOU ARE ON CALL" Else everything rocks.
This is a best smart phone launched from sony xperia. Its have dual 3G sim with latest android and other features, Its sound quality is very best in this cost. Who want to use brand smart phone they can go for this. I am using this phone since last 2 weeks and as per my experience, this phone has all awsome feature, please go for this phone now.
well, I have used it for a couple of days(exchanged it with a friend.) I am seriously disappointed with Xperia Tipo Dual. Sony should not have used 'xperia' in the name. It's a so-so phone. Not very good. I mean if I was looking for a budget dual sim android there are a lot better offerings in 'micromax' and 'karbon'. Believe me I have used both karbon and micromax and they are lot better than this. This phone dosen't even have a compass and a ambient light sensor. I bought wildfire 2 years back and it had both. From my experience (and I do keep trying a lot of phones) if you want a budget phone go for Indian brands and if u want quality go for HTC. (HTC Explorer is a rather good single-sim-phone in the same price range.)
Checked this phone in Croma. Looks wise i did not appeal to me so much as other Sony phones. Also does not have an auto focus. Music player that ships by default does not have a provision to jump to where ever you want in the track. But given the price, features, build quality 10k can be nearly justified. But it will certainly not become a very happy buy...but just satisfactory.
Within 10k+ budget, this phone is excellent. Features available are dual sim,2.5GB internal memory, 512 RAM, Wifi ,3G , GPS , Bluetooth , expandable memory,1500mA battery,Android 4.04,wifi/USB tethering(share internet connection to other devices),Accelerometer, proximity, compass Dual Sim, can receive calls all the time, except when call is connected with one sim. Dedicated button is provided to change the default sim for making calls, or sim change can be scheduled. I use with One sim for office, One sim for home. I purchased this only because of its sound clarity, ITS SUPERB with headsets and speakers. Music playing through its speakers is loud and crystal clear. Battery will stay for 1 day even with calls, and internet usage, music playing. Camera is not so good. Secondary camera is missing, which could be ideal for making Skype calls/video calls. But if your budget is around 10k Go for it !!!! as PC companion use Wondershare MobileGo instead of Sony PC companion, Buy microsd 8/16/32 GB with Class 10 for better speed.
This is another toys by sony. I have purchase this phone for battery backup and dual Sim both feature are exilant. But I am dispointing with its other feature. you can't sent even 20 massage as a group phone is hang and all massage come in your inbox . No E-mail alart. Sound is very poor. You con't attand a call by on your speaker. I use Samsung g Ace before it this is my bad experience.
I was looking for a dual sim android in 10k. Waited long for Micromas A 100. Since its not available i went for Sony xperia Tipo. Bought this phone without doing much research. Fortunately it turned out to have all the features i wanted. The dual sim is stand by( So if one sim is busy on call or downloads, the other goes out of service). Sound and display are as per sony standards. The dedicated switch helps you select the default sim.Its sleak n handy. Messaging, contacts, shortcuts, wallpapers are really good. In total, perfect phone for dual sim within 10k. Go for it!
the dual sim from sony was excellent wit hstylish look. and the net speed with 2 G also good. but coming to the camera clarity... we feel that it is a 0.3 MP camera or even low quality... we didn't expect this from sony.
I went buy a Sony XPeria smartphone. I tried all the XPeria phones, and settled for the Sony XPeria P. Still, I am quite impressed by this XPeria tipo dual. For those who want a dual-sim Android smartphone, I think none can come close to the Sony XPeria tipo dual. The pricing and features are so adequate that one will never repent the purchase. This phone is far superior to the Samsung Galaxy Y duos. Again, the XPeria Tipo is far superior to the Samsung Galaxy Y. I am so happy that Sony has listened to our (we Indians) need for a quality dual-SIM smartphone.
THIS HANDSET WAS REALLY GREAT ALL GAMES RUN LIKE TEMPLE RUN, ANGRY BIRD, NET SPEED WAS REALLY GOOD. PLZ FRIEND TAKE IT . IN MY OFFICE WE HAVE 4 HANDSET PURCHASED ALL R HAPPY WITH SONY THIS IS REALLY ENTRY LEVEL GOOD PHONE. WE LOVE U SONY.
Every single Option is working fine except the Memory Slot on the Phone, I have the 16 GB Memory card which works fine with the Nokia phone and when i inserted in the Sony Xperia Tiop Dual phone it is not functioning and it is very hard to take it out so please tell me the how i can make my memory card access by my Phone. Except this issue every thing is working fine.
Sony's first dual sim phone(Dual standby); it's the best in market with this price tag and it has all features. with Android v4.0(Ice cream sandwich)compared to Android 2.0 is attractive with 2.5 GB internal memory. Camera and Video quality is good.It's worth for the money !
I love using Sony mobiles (Sony Ericsson-earlier). I never wish to go out of Sony mobiles, but, I was forced as Sony was not having any dual sim phones. Was praying for Sony to release a dual sim mobile when all its competitors were doing. Finally Sony came with a Bang..!! Will order this product once I get my salary.. :)
Hi, I have checked the phone and it is dual sim phone but only one SIM will be active at a time. Compared with the other features of the phone it looks good but it lacks in this category. wat a waste!!!
