MOBDMKDAKQGCYZ6D
Xolo play is totally shit mobile, go for other mobile. This mobile have lots of problems!!!!! Problem list:- 1. Whatsapp dont show big/longer msgs 2. N/W goes on/off 3. Wify is so WEAK. 4. GPS gives total wrong location 5. N/W drops on every sim card. 6. Weird noise during conversion. 7. While taking photos most of time camera took gray images. 8. UI is so sluggish. 9. Mobile hangs lots of time. 10. Mobile heats too much after use of half hour. 11. If you play games then battery will drop to 0% in 1hr!!!!!!!!! AFTER FEW MONTHS FOLLOWING THINGS HAPPEN 1. HEADPHONE WILL NOT WORK. 2. CAMERA WILL STOP WORKING. 3. SPEAKER WILL STOP WORKING. ABOUT SERVICE XOLO'S SERVICE IS SHITTEST IN WORLD. 'N'th CLASS SERVICE. IF YOU GIVE YOUR MOBILE TO SERVICE CENTER THEY WILL RETURN YOUR MOBILE IN "2 MONTHS"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SO DONT BUY THIS SHIT MOBILE , GO FOR SOME GOOD BRANDS LIKE SAMSUNG , SONY , HTC , MMX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Guys I am a XOLO X900 user. I am writing this review the facts that XOLO PLAY T1000 has... Processor: KEY INNOVATIONS Quad-Core with a 5th Battery-Saver Core** - NVIDIA's innovative Variable SMP architecture enables four performance cores to be used for max burst, when needed, with each core independently and automatically enabled and disabled based on workload. The single battery-saver core (or companion core) handles low-power tasks like active standby, music, and video, and is transparent to the OS and applications. NVIDIA Direct Touch* - This is a patent-pending architecture that improves touch responsiveness and reduces power consumption by offloading a portion of the touch processing onto the Tegra 3 processor. 3D Stereo Gaming* - This capability leverages the award-winning NVIDIA 3D Vision® technology to automatically, and in real-time, convert OpenGL based games and apps into Stereo 3D. NVIDIA PRISM Display Technology* - PRISM (or Pixel Rendering Intensity and Saturation Management) reduces a mobile device’s backlight power while simultaneously enhancing the pixel color to deliver the same visual quality with substantially extended battery life. As it has 1 GB of RAM which makes devices perfect while you do mult-i-tasking. When you are taking about the internal memory 4gb isn't enough.. I agree with you people but if you consider this, 32gb memory card support is there to rectify this problem as it has an option to install games or apps directly onto memory card with out any problem. When you talk about the other competitors who's making phones with quad core processors they are all making it with MEDIATEK. When you compare with Mediatek and Nvdia Obviously it has great performance. I would suggest you guys to go with XOLO PLAY T1000 blindly. Good luck guys.Hope everyone clear about whether to buy or not...!!!!!!
very very very poor poor battery backup. only 5 hrs standby battery backup. if i play game in my xolo play less then 2 hr battery backup while charging xolo play i play game logically battery % should increase but in xolo play charging % decreases eg : while charging i play game battery 90% after 15 min battery 81% so don't buy this phone waste of money guys
Dear Friends do not buy this mobile as it is very best in performance and battery, they are having the issues with the Service at their end. If Send our mobile for service they will take approximately 48 working Hours it Means approx. 6 working day's they say but they are not on their word they are taking up to two to four weeks or a month so to service your mobile for even for a small software update. SO, I SAY THAT XOLO IS VERY POOR IN SERVICE. They need to provide a stand by mobile in case they will take such long.
I was one of the unfortunate few that pre-ordered this phone. It's battery died within 2 days of purchase of the phone. There are no local dealer points and I have been trying xolo to respond for the last few days with no luck. Their toll free number does not work and their customer care email guys do not respond. Dont know about the phone because have not got a chance to use it since it died within a few days of getting it , but purely going by the abject and disgraceful customer service, would not recommend xolo to anyone.
This phone is true value for money. It's got everything you need. I'll keep this review clear and straight forward. Pros- 1) Nvidia Tegra 3- This is one of the biggest reasons to buy the Xolo Play T1000. I own a Google Asus Nexus 7, which also has the Tegra 3 inside. It's a beast of a processor. In addition to that, this phone comes with a battery saver core. Beat that, everybody. 2) Several Nvidia technology like Direct touch, Prism, 3D stereo gaming. Makes life better. Makes battery life even better. 3) Full HD display, OGS and Full HD recording/playback. 4) 12 core GPU clocked at 416 Mhz, which again is greater than all it's competitors that mostly come with PowerVR graphics, which are usually < 400 Mhz. 5) XOLO's customer service, as usual, is a big plus in the competition. Cons- 1) Single sim only. 2) 1 GB RAM and 4 GB internal memory, which is definitely in par with the competition, and ample enough, but not completely future-proof. Micro SD card slot solves the problem anyway. Best part about Flipkart right now, is the fact that they're giving a FREE 16 GB card with this phone. Way to go, guys! (I regret not buying the phone from Flipkart now). 3) Jelly Bean 4.2 missing. Comes with 4.1.1, that's a little compromise. But then, I'm happy the team at Xolo has considered stability issues and decided on 4.1.1. Good thinking, because stability issues is what ruined the image of certain Micromax Canvas models. Verdict- Pretty straight forward, go and get this phone now and do yourself a huge favor. Buy it from Flipkart, that way you get a free 16 GB Micro SD card.
dear prathap suresh dont damage the image of xolo. its a very nice product. every phone has some draw backs and pros . i used xolo q1000 its a very amazing product.every thing works fine only con is we cant move apps to sd card. i ordered xolo play . if u want see all the reviews regarding xolo products 90% of xolo products have positive feed back. i shocked when i read u r review.
I am a phone geek and I like extreme gaming, when I heard about XOLO Play I was very much excited to buy it, but I am a developer working at an IT company, I don't want to mention the name and I have a friend who is working for XOLO projects. When I asked her opinion about buying XOLO she straightly advised me to not to buy it as it has a lot of software problems. Now that's not a problem to me, but this phone is an exact 3D copy of a china phone named 'Beidou Little Pepper Q1' Even that's not a problem to me, but I read all the reviews from all the sites and have come to know that the bad reviews are more about XOLO than the good one. Still I am going to buy it because I don't judge anything with what others say. If I feel it unworthy then I will sell it for second. My humble request to you people is don't buy this phone with lot of expectations and buy it if money is not a problem to you. For those who have saved penny to buy a good phone, well my advise is you should wait for a better phone to come in future. Don't rush with XOLO Play. The most reviews I heard about XOLO Play is that: It has a worst battery and Worst customer service. Now it is up to you :)
RECEPTION IS PATHETIC. AFTER SALES SERVICE FROM LAVA IS FRAUD, AS THEY DON'T ACCEPT. EMAILS TO SERVICE CENTER REMAIN UNANSWERED. CALL CENTER LINES R ALWAYS BUSY. DON'T EVER BUY THIS BRAND. WORST .................................................................................SERVICE.....................................................CENTRE
Positives: 1. Screen: The phone has a lovely screen. 1280x720 resolution in a 4.7" Screen is amazing. 2. Sound: The speaker in the Xolo Play produces very good sound. 3. General Speed of UI: The user interface is largely stock with just 2 softwares from Xolo. 4. Gaming: This is the USP of this device. It plays games beautifully. Throw any high- end game it and the device shines. Play THD (Tegra HD) titles and you'll see how the Tegra GPU shines and produces console quality graphics and effects. 5. Storage: You can add a Micro SD Card and can install your apps and games there. Negatives: 1. Bad Quality Screen Guard: When I bought this phone, the first thing I did was have the Screen Guard that comes in the box installed. I then put it in my pocket for the first time and when I took my phone out next, I found that the screen guard already had scratches. I had kept nothing in my pocket except the phone. I then put a Nexus 4 screen guard (since Xolo Play didn't have any screen guard's available at the time). 2. Sleep of Death: See the Xolo Play communities on FB and you'll often see people discussing SOD. The phone randomly switches off (even if it has battery) and goes into this mode called Deep Sleep in order to protect the battery. However, the trouble is it doesn't wake up from this Deep Sleep. You need to keep the power button pressed for 15-20 seconds for the phone to startup again. Even 2 updates from Xolo haven't been able to rectify this issue. 3. Bad Battery Life: The phone on light usage lasts about a day of light to moderate usage.(Using Facebook, browsing the internet lightly and a little downloading of apps). Play games and you'll be lucky if the phone lasts even 2-3 hours of gameplay. Even graphically light games like Candy Crush Saga consume lots of battery. If you do manage to buy this phone, please disable Xolo Power. This app is supposed to save battery but actually lands up consuming lots itself. 4. Android 4.1.1: If you're looking for the latest device with android 4.2.1 or 4.2.2 or 4.3, then look elsewhere. Xolo Play received 2 Over the Air Updates (Via Wifi/ Mobile Internet) which haven't updated the OS. They haven't even been able to resolve the Sleep Of Death issue. 5. Lack of accessories: I've had this phone for 2 months and till date the only place I've found accessories for this phone is online. Shopkeepers stare at you when you ask for accessories for Xolo Play. There are only limited types of flip covers and silicone covers available for this device. 6. Camera: The photos from the Xolo Play's camera can be compared to a 5 Megapixel camera. It seems like they've used a really shady lens and have just upscaled the pictures to 8 megapixels. This phone produces really blurry photos. If you love photos, look elsewhere. 7. Xolo Customer Care: Doesn't exist. Call their helpline and somebody picks up the phone who sounds really rural and doesn't know anything about the phone. I asked them once about how I can save apps to the SD Card and they told me you can't. I spent a little time with my phone and found that I can actually save everything on SD Memory. From what I've heard, Xolo likes to keep phones brought in for repairs for as long as 2-3 months. Be careful in dropping this phone! I hope my feedback helps. I've used this phone for more than 2 months and consider it my responsibility to make fellow buyers aware of my experience.
After researching for months,i landed up buying this phone! Its my first android phone i have been using this phone since 15 days and it has been performing well! Display is Pretty Good but i have to keep brightness to minimum as it drains battery! Camera is not that good! No HDR option! Even Q800 and Q700 have it! Low light photography is bad! The phone runs all games without any glitch! The battery is not that bad! But i'm facing a problem! When i turn on my 2g network which i turn on by enabling the "Data" option on the notification panel,it starts draining battery Drastically! Like 1% per minute and that too when i'm not using the phone and the screen is off! So you can guess that if i use the phone on 2g,how much battery will get drained! Is this a problem or the phone performs like this only? Because this was not what i had expected! :/
AS U PEOPLE CHECKING OUT THE SPEC OF THIS PHONE I AM ALSO A BIG FAN OF GAMING !!! AS SOON AS I HEARD THAT THERE IS A CELLPHONE WITH NVIDIA GRAPHICS AND OTHER GAMING FEATURES I RAN TO BUY THE PHONE FROM THE LOCAL MOBILE DEALER AS MY MOM HATES WHEN I BUY ELECTRONICS ONLINE. AND THANKS TO HER I GOT TO KNOW THE TRUTH THE LOCAL DEALER I FIRST WENT TO SAID HE DOES NOT HAVE THE PHONE AS XOLO HAS WORST SERVICE AND ITS TOO MUCH TROUBLE HE ADVISED SAMSUNG OR HTC INSTED I TURNED A BLIND EYE TOWARD THE FACT AND WENT TO OTHER SHOPS TO CHECK OUT AND BUY ONE LEAVING THE FIRST ONE I WENT TOO SIX STORES TO BUY THIS CELL PHONE TWO OF THEM HAD STOPPED SELLING THE PHONE AS IT HAD TOO MANY COMPLAINTS FROM XOLO BUYERS OTHERS DID NOT HAVE THE CELLPHONE WITH THEM BUT THEY SAID THAT IF I WANT THEY CAN ORDER ONE ONLY WITH PROMISE OF ME BUYING ON ASKING THEM THE REASON THEY SAID XOLO DOES NOT HAVE ANY PERMANENT SERVICE CENTER THE FOOL PEOPLE WITH DOORSTEP-SERVICE -A PERSON COLLECTS PHONE FROM U R HOUSE ONCE HE COLLECTS THE CELL PHONE THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO FOLLOW TROUGH XOLO SERVICE PEOPLE WOULD JUST DELAY THE PROCESS AND IT EVEN TAKES UPTO A MONTH IT BROKE MY HEART BUT I DID NOT BUY THIS CELLPHONE AT THE END AS THERE WAS NOT EVEN A SINGLE POSITIVE REVIEW FROM ALMOST 8 MOBILE DEALERS I STILL WONT DISCOURAGE YOU FROM BUYING THIS PHONE BUT WILL SURE ADVISE U TO DO A LITTLE RESEARCH ABOUT THE SERVICE AND THE PHONE IF U WANT U R 16K TO MATTER THIS IS WHAT I FOUND OUT LATER AFTER DOING A LITTLE RESEARCH ON THE INTERNET THIS XOLO CELL PHONE IS A COPY OF A CHINESE MOBILE CALLED Beidou Little Pepper Q1 (COPY NAME AND GOOGLE IT) THEY HAVENT EVEN TAKEN THE COURTESY TO CHANGE THE DESIGN. BEFORE BUYING MAKE SURE THAT THIS IS THE CELLPHONE U R LOOKING FOR
Never buy any product from this pathetic company with the worst of services and after sales. You keep mailing them regarding any query and problem and they will NEVER get back to you. My Xolo went dead in just around 25 days and to get it repaired, I first had to call customer care number which got connected in half an hour after several tries and file a complaint. Then I had to send the device to a collection point around 25 Kms from my place. They will send the device to service centre which is 4 Kms from my place just because I cannot go directly to the service sentre. They claim to repair the handset in 5 days. Its 10 days now and there is still no update on the handset. They keep saying to wait for another 48 hours. If you want to buy a handset from such a company, then God Save You. If you think this is a fake review, my complaint number is 310000081294 Xolo Q1000. Try it by calling their customer care number.
I had bought this phone on 28th July, 2013, 2 days prior to my birthday. I was hesitant to buy this phone because your gut doesn't allow you to buy an Indian phone and leave out Big companies like Htc, Samsung, etc. First of all, this is a gaming phone and at 14k, this is by far, the best phone you can get. At this price range, samsung & L.G give out shitty phones and i'll recommend you to leave them out. The display is amazing and I couldn't believe that it wasn't a nexus 4 for almost a week. Most of my friends got doped by me and believe to be a nexus 4. I have compared both phones screens, and ou cannot make out which is the Xolo play and which is the Nexus 4, by just looking at their screens. The battery life was bad but Xolo came out with a small OS update in the first week of August and it solved the issue. people saying that the company has a bad customer care service are simply misguiding. Go for this phone, it will surprise you and will for sure be better than your expectations.
I have had this phone now for almost a month. I bought this phone online like most did as it was not available in local market. Every dealer i went to gave me the same reason for not selling XOLO " Service achi nahi he". I ignored it as i can never bring myself to trusting salesmen. So i went online and did some research and finally bought it from pricedeals. In the initial days i was happy and impressed. but soon the problems started. They have launched two OTA updates but none of them have been able to fix the issues. Pros are already listed by the XOLO people so let me give you the CONS: 1) Phone heats up in 5-10 mins of activity (temp goes upto 40C+) 2) Phone lags even in games like Subway Surfer when a bit heated. 3) SoD or Sleep of Death. The phone hangs and the screen does not turn on. No notification for incoming calls or messages (no notifications even after reboot). People show me their call logs and there is no log in my phone. 4) Poor brightness, the screen is barely visible under the sky. 5) Camera is also mediocre. 8M of this device is worst than 5M of Nokia. 6) the physical built is also bad. This ones from many users. The volume rocker doest not work properly. Volume can be increased but decreasing takes a hell lot of energy and patience to get the button to click. 7) Higher SAR value than normal devices ( One point that even i did not look into while buying) 8) No response from the customer care, ever! I am sorry to break your bubble too, I wish someone would have done it for me.
After one week I realized that it was a huge mistake buying this phone...the battery is pathetic. The screen switches off for no reason. The after sales service will remind you what it is to be in hell. And yes think that people who have given it good ratings are all planted ones...
Most of the people who write reviews as amazing phone are the one who lead us to this wrong phone. I am a victim of this xolo product. You can buy at the risk of no guarantee or warranty..since their service center doesnt exist. *Please dont waste your hard earned money in this phone,even though the phone is good it has the worst service center. Its like buying a chinese mobile.No aftersale service.
XOLO Phones are pretty good if the SAR values is around 0.8. Only thing they are lacking is service centres atleast in all cities.I gave my phone for servicing on July 5 and got it repaired only on Aug 4. The dealer gave the phone to xolo care on July 10th only. Anyway 20+ days for the repair of a mobile phone is not acceptable. Phone is smooth, no lags, no restart. VFM Reducing 1 star for not having customer service centres.
Hi Amar, if you are looking for a phone to last that long ... then go for Apple.. this is the only sturdy phone I have come across which can withstand any h/w failure. All the other phones including Samsung will last physically for Max 3-4 years.. Also, with technology changing everyday ...10 years is way too long a expectation :). On a lighter note .. Nokia 3310 & 3315 will surely last 15 years !! :) :)
A very good product by xolo ..... far far better than its any other competitors.... I have been using this phone from 3 days and the gaming,clarity,camera,battery backup(specially),looks,price.... ALL ARE EXELLENT A tru paisa vasul phone..... it can easily beat all phones in its category very easily nvidia tegra processor takes care of your phones battery and manages with its 5th core technology. A MUST BUY PHONE!!!! :)
Thought, after much hype, this may be correct choice since i like games much. But soon after i got it, charged it full but battery drained in like 3-4 Hrs... with 2G enabled but not utilizing. Been more than 2 months since i bought it. Have more problems with this phone than any usefulness. There isn't a single pros that i can put down.. below are all what i have about this phone or can call it as super expensive plastic-metal electronic device 1. the audio jack is faulty, the right side speaker in headphone doesn't receive any sound 2. The battery life really sucks.. I can hardly play a small games Zombie Evil, Royal Gems, nun-attack for about 2-3 Hrs 3.The 2g reception is really bad sometimes. Though Wifi works good. Gets Heated up soon with data download 4. Occasionally sometimes the network bar becomes empty. have to restart to get it right. 5. In a day, the screen goes blank for an average of 3-4 times. Apparently for no reason. Have to restart get it to normal. 6. The launcher stops responding sometimes, whenever i try to check the APP info or stop the app. 7. Camera really sucks... Flash is useless in dim light. The options available with camera features not useful either 8. Sometimes, while playing games automatically enables any actions (which must be touched on the screen) without even touching the action button on game screen 9. The LAST but common, the Customer care, well need not say more here.. my call never got connected. for every time. There few more issues, with power management phone number synch up but seems like they have been resolved with the recent update for T1000. Well overall u get the picture... I risked 16K for this.. but upto u if u wanna take a risk too.. If u want a ray of hope, "Probably i got faulty one"... happy mobile shopping... :)
xolo, micromax mobiles are just rebranded from china. xolo has worst service. dont put your hard earned money on this kind of craps. there is no innovation in this kind of companies just buying devices from china and selling here on their company names.
I see here a lot of confused souls and a tons of misguiding comments that will leave new buyers perplexed! First of all you have to understand this SmartPhone was created and optimized for portable console gamers but NOT for those who use their phones for business and style issues.... however I will not agree with the mob saying rude about this phone's look, quite a perfect shape this phone possesses with a very good handle-able landscape mode for 4 finger grip on the phone during stern gameplays! But again don't try to compare it with Xperias or Lumias and whine about style because those Sony, Nokia, Samsung or HTC whatever you are comparing to (in this price range) will get owned by XOLO when it comes to crystal clear graphics and performance, I assure you. And don't get worried about customer services if you are living in a metro or so.
Bad is their Service Center not Phone. Me and my friend are using XOLO product, it compete all other mobile brand. :).......................................................................:) :).......................................................................:)
I am using this for the past 4 months and all i can say its utter useless unless you want a portable hand warmer then this is your product. PROs: 1. Portable hand warmer 2. Nice graphics(obvious for nvidia chipset) CONS: 1. Heats up within 5 mins of 3g browsing or playing games. 2. Crashes a lot. 3. Battery drains at 10% per 5 mins of 3g browsing 4. Lack of service centers 5. RAM shows 80% usage even if you are not doing anything (its really annoying) i would have given no stars but it seems that i cant so cheers xolo enjoy this 1star from me
Hi guys, I have ordered this product on 27th July 2013. Received on 1st Aug 2013. Thought they missed promised delivery date by one day still I have no complains against there delivery and support. Flipakart is always my first preference in past 3 years. About the product : This mobile is awesome. Though learning on this smartphone was bit tricky. Jelly bean is great and stable as well. It has pre-loaded swype keyboard thought I don't like to use that. (personal opinion) You can edit messages with standard keyboard as well. One this is also there you can draft/edit messages with your handwriting option as well. Like you make notes in a copy. Xolo will recognize your handwriting as well. No doubt phone is good. In box it has handset, data cable and charger (Combine) , headphone, and manuals. Headphone are of tangle free wire , but sound is not that awesome.. I hope it should have provided ear-bud headphones. It support 3.5 mm audio jack , so no problem to buy another pair of headphone. Touch display is very responsive yes one thing... Battery >> I need to charge twice a day. (might be because of constant use.) I have my first experience on smartphone...may be that's why I am not used to this. Screen clarity is brilliant. Back side of this phone is a premium look. Far better that HTC desire 600. Back panel is having matt finish ... and that Nvidia logo...oohh.. GREAT Not seen any lagging in past 2 days ... Let see how it be in long run. for 15k budget it is worth.. beating all branded , HTC , SAMSUNG, Nokia as well. My personal recommendation is go for it.. don't put 25k for same feature in other phone.
Many reviews here blaming customer service chinese phone are all pure rubbish,There are chinese replicas with same chipset and specs,when a smartphone is manufactured a lot of attention is given to the quality of material used,in china there are empteen quality parts,so what you might see may look like the same but totally different in class,xolo is actually lavas wing but its intel unit i assume and so its not chinese like these reviews blabber,Now most of the reviews are genuine but many might be paid reviews by competitors who are actually finding it hard to contain the sales and popularity of this phone,one guy has mentioned battery died and he preordered,preorder was only on flipkart and theres a 30 day warranty on flipkart i assume,so he crying foul about customer service itself shows what these are upto,watch genuine reviews on youtube and decide to buy or discard this phone
Xolo has gone through many hurdles to produce a very satisfying product which is powered by the the amazing Nvidia Tegra 3 processor. The simple yet elegant Nexus-ish look on the front with matte finish, topped with that sweet "powered by NVIDIA TEGRA" logo, will definitely bring sparkles to your eyes. The display at 1280x720 on a 4.7" screen is an absolute pleasure to navigate, watch, play, browse etc. with amazing contrast and colour reproduction. The brightness is great, but can get annoying in low light (cannot be dimmed much). Don't have to tell much about the processor. It was state of the art last year, but can beat most of todays phones at performance, power efficiency etc. (Google Nvidia Tegra 3 and be amazed) The phone comes with a 8MP camera which takes decent pics, but doesn't compare with the ones on HTC, Nokia, iPhone etc. The stills taken, come off too grainy and noisy. Doesn't have the detail and lighting that make it look great. It comes with a 2000mAh battery which is decent for normal tasks, but most of the people looking to buy this phone won't do mundane tasks. When gaming, the battery won't last long on many graphic games. The network, call quality was pretty good. Call volume was a bit low, but manageable. The main speaker has good volume and quality output. I don't get why people are complaining about low internal memory space, since anything(most), can be installed directly to the SD card. To round-off, its a good looking phone that can deliver every game smoothly on an amazing display packed with a decent battery. Oh, and one more thing, NVIDIA TEGRA!!
Hi All..I request you all not to ever buy Xolo Mobiles, as they have the worst customer support you could ever imagine.. I had given my mobile X900 for repair on May 6th and till now I haven't received my mobile. If you face any problem with your Xolo mobiles, you are doomed to burn your pocket to make Hell lot of calls
18/7/2013 - I got the phone delivered today. Great delivery service by Flipkart. The phone performance is good, but the battery drains very fast. The battery is not fully charged yet. I will comment on battery after few days of usage. 19/7/2013 - the battery got fully charged by 8:30 AM. it took 2 hour 35 minutes to charge from 80% to 100%. 20/7/2013 - at 9:20 pm the battery is 30%. I have turned off everything. 1 hour music, just 30-45 minutes of browsing, 7-8 calls in total. So the battery might last for 1.5 days. -Anbarasu
yesterday onwards i am using these phone.... 1. Performance excellent... there is no lag 2. camera excellent 3. display excellent''' 4. gaming experience very very good. xolo really rocking 5. video recording good 6.even EDGE also browsing experience is very good....... the downside its only running android 4.1 jellybean only
I bought this phone in December 2013 because of it's very good hardware configuration. For first 1-2 months, this phone worked very well. But then there was call drop issue with the phone so I contacted Xolo walk in service center in Nashik (there is only one service center in Nashik), and submitted my phone for repairing. The service center didn't give me my phone battery and back-case, they told me that it will be returned along with phone. When the phone returned from company, service center told me that the battery and back-case is not with them, as they have already returned them to me. The service centers from Xolo is just there to make fool of us. They will misguide you. Now I need to spend 1000 buks to just check if the phone issues have been resolved or not. I strongly recommend not to buy this phone.
Pro: Price Cons : Calls drop in 95% of calls. When in pocket screen gets easily unlocked and makes calls Battery quickly drops from 60% to 20% Stereo socket has design defect - you can hear only if you remove the back cover. Battery charing pin gets easily displaced Netwrok Reception is unstable GPS takes time to lock Battery barely lasts a day Speaker is low
Lot of issue is the including speaker & GPS.it hangs a lot. service center: :) ,horrible, better pls dont go there, forget about the money you invest,thought that u donate it to charity, or think it was just apick pocket. other wise the time you will spend for followup, that will be a extra investment for you. pls dont tell me that , nobody stop me before buying this product.
i bought it around 4 months ago..... It is a fabulous phone.....excellent graphics with crystal clear display.... runs games such as fifa14,d-day,modern combat 4, without a single lag... the best thing is its option of switching primary storage which is unavailable in all samsung galaxy phones.. excellent rear camera and always hd recording.... cons- front camera is weak... especially at lowlight(below par) and battery life is not appreciable.... but who cares when u get a beast in budget....?
PLEASE GUYS DON'T BUY THIS PHONE. THIS IS A CHEAP QUALITY SMARTPHONE. PHONE GETS SWITCH OFF 10 TIMES A DAY. CUSTOMER SERVICE WILL NOT AT ALL WORK ON YOUR PROBLEMS. IF YOU HAVE ALREADY BOUGHT THEN JUST BE SURE THAT YOUR MONEY IS TOTALLY WASTED. IF SOMEONE IS GOING TO BYE FOR THEM I REQUEST YOU NOT TO BYE.
Too much good looking....working properly..but using a long time then its hit normally... everyDay charge battery..after 10 hr..whenever we open lock then hangup little.. But Everything is fine but KeyPad/Voice Recognition time mobile hang sometime..
never go for xolo play nothing NVIDIA TEGRA i have lost my 14000 in this flipkart is best price dealing me but xolo is worst.. flipkart service is best it will get 7 start for flipkart only
I totally agree with varun kumar, this phone is nothing but a piece of junk... 1) I have used many phones but the battery performance of this phone cannot compete with others, as it takes more time to charge, but discharges max within 2 to 3 hours. 2) i changed the piece twice within a month thinking my particular piece was faulty, but even after changing the piece the result was the same. 4) in a day this fone conks off 4 to 5 times, and then i have to remove the battery and insert it in again to restart the fone. 5) crazy call drops as the network bar becomes empty ( shows no network 4 to 5 times a day) 6) its been exactly a month now, the dealers whom i bought this fone from are not even giving me half the price i bought it for..... in short zero resale value.. 7) fone gets over heated if i play games or talk on the fone for more than 30 mnts. i have met so many people who use this fone and have only heard them complaining about it, i feel betrayed after paying 15000/- for this piece of trash as it cannot even perform the task of a normal mobile fone, leave alone playing games and surfing.... please dont be under the impression that since it has nvidia the fone performance should be amazing......... its a suggestion think 10 times before you buy this fone....
best ever xolo product....thumbs up cons: the earphone quality is too low or cheap quality. Please also provide its accessories in you website
anybody wants to by google nexus fo 14k go get xolo play,sure itll not dissapoint you. pros and cons till now :) fantabulous display(nexus like display) almost all games run smoothly good vedio playback nvidia tegra wont dissapoint u when it comes to gaming. heats up when u play intense games. internet browsing is not smooth.(ok ok) only 1 gb ram (games slow down a bit inbetween) only 4 gb internal memory :( annoys me a lot as the name goes it is for gamers..and dont expect too much from 14k smartphone. ;)
Let me tell you my story, I was Excited to buy this phone so much ! i sold my previous phone just to get this on my hands. The gaming is excellent no issues, just after a day my signal showed only 2 bars !!! wherever i went !! with every sim ! just two bars ! got frustrated showed this to my local seller , hee fixed with an update. Update didnt do any good, this phone has the worst cell reception Ive seen ! the worst call reception, experienced many call disconections and miss so many calls. Currently its sitting in the service centre, Im returning it back for a replacement. theres a whole forum on XDA for the problems on this phone, check it out. IMHO - Dont buy this unless you want to waste cash
The battery hardly supports for a couple of hours browsing. Phone is otherwise good. Need the charger at all times. Even my charger is malfunctioning after hardly a month's use.Not much to write about the good qualties.
So here it is!! Behold the magic of Tegra 3. I am taking the liberty to give a detailed Review of this phone. I just got it 3 days back. I will list all the pros and cons and all experiences. So first thing first. Shipping : As this is flipkart no problem with shipping!! Super fast shipping!!! Shipped within 2 days!! Packing : the packing is decent bubble wrapped the mobile case in flipkart cardboard box. The mobile itself comes in a nice box with advertising of Nvidia logo!! Now about the Mobile!!! build quality- Matte finish excellent. No cons here. However one thing i noticed when inserting battery is that you have to fit the back cover of mobile again carefully otherwise the volume down button cant be pressed!! Not a big deal but just thought worth mentioning!! Screen : Screen is just awesome 1280X720 and 320 dpi according to Go Taskmanager Ex!! Screen size 4.8 inch. Color reproduction is excellent. Comparable with Xperia ZR!!!! Reallly great skin Processor: tegra 3 and ulp geforce 12 core gpu. Now keep in mind many blogs are showing antutu scores to be around 12000 to 13000. I performed myself after closing all apps and i got 9400!!! Its decent enough !! Look people dont go after the numbers. I ran a number of games such as the dark meadow, Arma Tactics which are specifically made for tegra 3 and they run flawlessly!! Dead trigger will blow you away!! Its buttery smooth and graphics so sharp it will make your eyes bleed Camera : Now camera is decent enough for casual photography but no for hardcore photographers!! There is very much noise and picture is grainy!! The pictures itself will look excellent in mobile screen but once you'll load on PC you'll notice the grainy and noisy pics!! But loking at the price, you cant bargain much!!! yeah btw do checkout the Photaf Panaroma app on play market!! Its Pretty Cool The Settings Conundrum : I have seen many people complaining about the screen freezing and restarting in settings but so far i have not come across any such problem!! Now most important thing !!! Battery Life!!!!! Battery Life: Battery life is just AVERAGE!!! You see even Xperia ZR runs High def games for 4 hours max!!! Like The dark meadow.!! Xolo play on full recharge gives about 3 and a half hour of gameplay!! Its decent,,, people!!! Really !! the 4.7 inch hd ips display is the culprit but anyway i love the screen!! If you are casual gamer and mostly use mobile for calls and flaunting in front of freinds and colegues this mobile will not let you down. It has enough juice to stretch through the day!! Tested personally!!! OTA updates: I got an OTA update on 20 August!! it promised of better battery life but so far i havent seen any improvement over previous performance!!! So not at all necessary to perform!! Now the con i have come across Heating!! yeah the phone does get heated a little while playing!! But not like some people here are advocating!! They say it gets heated like an iron rod!! No !! Its not like that but the warmth is pretty felt after 45 min of continuous gameplay !! I have seen the screen going black about a day back!!! It was not an sod as i could see the three capacitive buttons enlightining!! I should mention that this sod happened after i updated with the OTA update !! the update was about 12 mb big!! Maybe it was the reason!! So far no more sod again !! The community at XDA is not so big for xolo play!! However there is a thread which is even offering the stock rom!! So, pretty gud devs!! Yeah new buyers keep in mind not to update xolo secure and xolo battery app from play store as people are reporting FCs on these. Conclusion: So as to conclude this mobile is a steal!! But if you coud wait a little and price drops a K or two, then but. if youre much into buld quality you could get Xperia L for this budget!! so i give this phone 4/5 stars!! Hope i helped to make a decision!!
Dear XOLO Team, As you have taken all aspects like quad core, the best in 12 Core NVIDIA . Kindly add the 2 GB RAM become biggest competition.An internal storage capacity of 4 GB can be 8GB.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Wow, This is called premium phone - XOLO PLAY everything is perfect in this phone gaming, music, battery life, camera and display HD display is great customs roms available .. build quality is excellent dont think, go for it !!
XOLO Play is a very good gaming mobile phone in budget. Same specifications was seen in HTC One X 2012. I will recommend you to buy this phone. You might want to consider auxus nuclea N1, which is kinda better option. Pros:- 1) The UI was flawless, it worked perfectly fine with no lags whatsoever. 2) Nvidia Tegra 3 is well known processor and all features are present as in any other tegra 3 device. 3) Many games are specially optimized for tegra 3 processor. 4) Built quality is also very coniderable. 5) You will notice better battery life. Cons:- 1) Games which require huge data files to be downloaded cannot be installed to external sd cards, I don't know why xolo has integrated internal and external card as games recognize only internal storage as sd card which is only 2.87 GB's. 2) Old chipset of nvidia is used precisely. 3) 4 GB internal memory is very less for a gaming device. 4) Games like nova 3 lags a bit, cannot be helped.
What superb gaming experience on the XOLO Play. Have been playing non-stop on this since the last 3 days when I got this phone. The graphics are killer, can't believe the games I'd been playign had such basic graphics. I could never go back to any other phone after having played on the Tegra-powered Xolo Play. I'd say everybody should go for it.
I used this phone right after my brother bought his. The gaming on this phone is AMAZING! I was blown by the graphics and the speed of this phone. Will buy one for myself as soon as I have some money saved.
Finally a killer phone made for gamers. Xolo pairing up with Nvidia Tegra to come up with this beast of a phone is a step in the right direction. It surely raises their credibility, and will be here on perceived to be one of the performance-oriented phones.To some who I hear complaining about the 4gb internal memory, I say, look at the price of this thing! To get features such as the Tegra processor, 12 Core Nvidia ULP GeForce GPU and 720×1280 pixels resolution at 16 k is a unbeatable deal. I got mine a week back and I don't think I can ever look back at any other phone.
Xolo play is not a great performer and if given a choice i would change this phone for : Lack of battery performance. Poor sound quality. Poor camera shots. Slow recharging of battery. Still some lag in games!! I Wish I had made a better decision.
I ordered this phone the day it showed the option of Buy Now ;-). The flipkart service is living upto it's name, as they shipped it on the 3rd day. About the Phone... The Goods - Processor - both the main chipset and the graphics are the best. I have already tried heavy games like NFS, Shadowgun etc and all work seamlessly. Camera - Back camera clarity is amazing as its 8mp. Front camera is what blew me off. As although its only 2mp but this is what we use the most while skyping or taking a self vid. So Im pretty impressed Look n Feel - I love the mat finished back panel. Display & Touch are crystal clear & very responsive The Bads Single Sim - Not sure why in the world would a manufacturer not give dual sim option in the Indian Market Battery - Not sure about the battery life as Im compelled to charge it atleast twice a day. But that's with all androids. So...dont have much hopes around that The Uglies IT HAS STARTED TO PLAY UP. GETS HUNG...DATA CONNECTION KEEPS DROPPING. Ordered for a replacement, but its the same issue again. Secondly Xolo doesnt have many service center in Mumbai
I have been using this for 4 days now. Regret to say I do not like this. Battery life is very BAD. "Goes to sleep, & reboots on its own, very disturbing as no calls till you know about it & start again". IPS Screen, Sound is good. Games response is good. Xyro sensor should be there. Android 4.1.1 is average, no customisation. Flipkart service was excellent, got this next day of launch. Atul Jain.
I'll refrain from quoting redundant information that can be readily inferred by glossing over the specs. This is more of an annotation of my personal experience using the device for about a month - from the lows of almost getting it bricked to the highs of having a premium experience which puts my colleague's Nexus 4 to shame. Before that, I'd like to set the expectations right. If you are buying this to get an experience of out-of-the-box 30+ K handset, you have two options - you might want to look somewhere else. Or if you're the tech-savvy kind and like to be bleeding edge, continue reading. One good thing about these mid-range phones MTK6577/6589/Tegra 3 based phones is that they can be easily rooted. In fact, XOLO Play comes with an in-built rooting system app. You just need to dial a number and you are SU. Immediate observations when I got the phone - there is considerable lag in Menu or other apps. I was very sure this can not be because of hardware. My Asus Infinity T700 has Tegra 3 too yet, is silk smooth. The other thing was the high battery drain. If you are accustomed having 16-18 hours battery life, then this would go unnoticed. But, based on my relative exprience with Micromax Canvas (MTK6577 SoC), I was disappointed. Which means, if your usage is bare minimum, the phone will last at max a day or so - unlike 4-5 days of battery life with similar usage on Micromax. The process 'Android OS' consuming 50-70 % in standby. Things are worse if you enable data on 2g network like Vodafone. Ironically, the app 'Xolo Power', which is supposed to prolong battery life, in fact, turned out to be major battery draining hog. Probably good for MTK6589 SoC - not for Tegra 3! In the interim, XOLO released OTA updates on Aug 20 (improvements over charging time and battery life) and another on Aug 28. The former seemed to have helped but not by much. The ROM is stock JB 4.1 - yeah that's another low point. Was expecting 4.2 given the number of bugs plaguing 4.1. Comes with few Xolo apps. In other words, the out-of-the-box experience was very ordinary if not disappointing. So here's what I did... Rooted my phone. Flashed the stock recovery with ClockWorkMod. Got rid of Xolo apps. Still reading? Ok, so at least uninstall Xolo Power if you intend to follow my ordeal. Next - installed 'Pimp My ROM' (PMR for remaining length of review). This is what transformed my 14 k phone to 35 K premium experience. Before doing so, make sure you create a backup. Now my XOLO has HTC Beats Audio with all features, Dolby Mobile, Sony Mobile Bravia Engine 2 and Sony XLoud & Clear Audio. Not to mention the kernel tweaks that made my battery lasts really long. 3+ days with 72% remaining - of course as stated before, my usage is minimalistic. The PMR also enforced Hardware acceleration - drawing screens using GeForce ULP GPU rather than CPU - which explains the bad welcoming experience when you use the phone for the first time. PMR also has more CPU governance features than Xolo Power which is why I insisted on uninstalling the latter. So, to sum up, this phone has great hardware at reasonable price which with the right platform works like a charm.
xolo, micromax mobiles are just rebranded from china. xolo has worst service. dont put your hard earned money on this kind of craps. there is no innovation in this kind of companies just buying devices from china and selling here on their company names.
I had purchased a XOLO X900 for Rs 17500 in the month of November 2012, with a one year guarantee, suddenly in the month of May I started facing network issues, against which I tried contacting the customer care, I had to call for more than 50 time just to get my Cell phone picked up for repair, Finally After 20 days of continuous call ans series of mails the handset got picked up from my address, and was sent to Delhi Service centre. As per there company policy i was suppose to get my hand set back after 5 working days, but i waited for 20 long days, I got my ph. Back, when I received it, I discovered that the problem was not resolved and they had sent it back to me in the same condition, I decided to keep quite for a month, I decided to came down to Bangalore, thought i would personally go get it repaired, and so i did, i made a ph. Call to the customer care took another complain no. and dropped my handset in the service centre myself as on 12/9/2013 , after a month they say that we cannot do anything about it, as the company has stopped manufacturing the network censors. So the offered me for a refund of Rs. 10000 or other handset worth 11300. IS it the costomers fault or the companies fault, why do I have to bare the loss for company, now the company is doing nothing but cheating people, if they knew there is some defect with the handset then why did they choose to sell it in the stores??? Its been more than 6 months that i have been facing the trouble.
Hi All, First let me tell you that don't think about the brand name, think what it offers you at affordable price. XOLO Play is a phone that will surprise you in all senses. The only thing which I disliked about this phone is the unavailability of flip cover for this model. But that is also considerable when the phone is offering so much to cheer about. The display is fantastic, the speed is amazing, even the build quality is solid. The picture quality is superb, better than Micromax. Battery backup is also good. You can use it a full day without charging. You can update the software directly from the official website of XOLO, so this also is the major advantage which this phone offers. I am in love with my XOLO Play.
i dont know why some here are giving negative review to this phone. This phone is an absolute gaming beast.i knw that as i have been using from the past 2 months. There is no lag at all in any game i tried. i tried the the most graphics demanding games like modern combat 4 real racing 3 nova 3 gangters rio city of saints nfs most wanted the dark knignt rises the amazing spiderman gta 3 gta vicecity i even ran psp emulator and it game 50-55 vps which was awsome i even played god of war ghost of sparta and chains of olympus using psp emulator and they ran pretty damm well. the camera of the phone is awsome not good for lowlight imaging but still a very decsent camera. the screen is also very good ppi and image have true color unlike canvas 4 which is a bullshit. This is powerd by tegra 3 processor hence many games are optimised for it. 1.5 ghz quad core is blazin fast 1 gb ram is enough it has 720p resolution which is quite good so stop complaining about this product it is a beast from xolo i hope they continue making products like this way.
don't purchase XOLO phone. they have bad customer support. I have given my phone on 20th July2013 but they don't have any details for the same. They don't have proper customer service support. they don't have any properly customer escalation.
I have been using this for 3 from days now. Regret to say I do not like this. Battery life is too BAD. "Goes to sleep, & reboots on its own, very disturbing as no calls till you know about it & start again". Clock is not working properly after 12am everyday needs to restart to reset time. Touch Screen is good. But we need to carry charger all the time as it last only 3-4 hrs after charging 2.5hrs. Games response is good. Flipkart service was excellent, got this next day of launch.
Camera lacks sharpness(you will notice if zoom in to the picture ) Phone tends to heat up (but not very much) Can't move apps to SD (a software update should allow us in future) Low internal memory Older Android version(the update should be out in some time i hope) But, It shows great performance good gaming has amazing display and the phone is really really good looking with the back covered with a rubber coat
i was using galaxy s dous ..hanging problem and games lags on it now about xolo play :- purchased from local store...this phone is awesome look is premium....this phone is beast 100/100 for this!! nvidia technology in mobile phone, great move by xolo got back cover from ebay...for my xolo play! it protect camera from scratches ............................................. accessories like back cover ..available on Ebay!!
This phone make a great image of xolo for me... lightly battery backup is low but great performance > Best screen clarity with 312 ppi > brightens in more then Sony (because i have also neo v) > antutu banchmark is 11550 for me and is great > game run very smoothly > Full HD video also gud > ony one soft restart i face > touch is same as Sony awesome > front look is like nexus 4 (when screen is off) > back cover is scratch proof same like HTC one x i use it and this my first phone of Indian brand but very very satisfy
From the users review I understand this phone has very good spec. I would like know some details 1. Hot spot is available in the phone 2. 3G call (not internet call) facility Other problem for XOLO is no accessories available in the market. Since Im a rough user i cannot use bigger phone without flip / back cover. LAVA 504q coming with flip cover. why dont Xolo?
If you are thinking of buying this phone purely for gaming purposes, you are better off buying the purebred Nexus 7. The only advantage this phone offers is that of-course, its a "phone" with network connectivity and stuff. The internal memory is too small to carry many games along, specially the bigger ones which take up close to 1.2 gb of gamedata. The Nexus 7 is purely an entertainment tablet and would better suit your purposes for gaming due to its larger screen and more responsive controls.If u want an all round device, then this phone is a good option.
The phone is overall good, but it has many cons also. Pros: Perfect gaming performance Sharp IPS screen Sturdy build Good sound output Truly HD resolution Nice Camera Resolution HD 720p and full HD 1080p videos play smoothly Cons: Heats up a bit 4GB Internal Storage does not seem to be enough Design and Built is not impressive Battery Backup is very low Verdict:- For the price of Rs 15,999, we feel the Play is little expensive. However, the Xolo Play is intended to the gamers and it seems to make its point. A few downsides that we can highlight is the slightly untidy finish of the rear panel. The handset also offers us a good camera resolution. There are a few other handsets that feature a full HD display panel with a quad-core processor for less than Rs 15,000. But if you are looking for a complete entertainment handset that includes gaming experience, the Xolo Play is a good buy.
The worst smartphone ever. Phone gets hung every now and then. Does't work like a quad core at all.Plus wifi range is very weak. Instead buy another smartphone. Do no waste your money.
Service was not upto mark when required, my phone was not switching on. Go for something else if you want a reliable phone. Phone is okay until something goes wrong.
Before the review , let me list out the drawbacks 1. Screen is very fragile (no gorilla glass) 2. The Power On Button will start giving you problems (after six months) 3. Network issues , though you use any mobile network it will keep on fluctuating and sometimes it will go blank with you noticing that (hope you are okay to miss out important calls) 4. The mobile gets switched off automatically and the problem stats to get intense after six months of usage. 5. Over heating , you can cook an omlete and god save you when it is connected to charger. My phone reached 50.C 6. Battery will be smooth for the first six months and then the fun starts when you mobile tuns to be a land line (where you need to connect your charger all the time ). 7. Xolo Service center ???? Whats that 8. No Resale value. Do not go for this mobile at any cost, that the only advice i can give. hope i could give a minus rating.
I had purchased this phone not even 4 months ago through local dealer in Vashi, Navi Mumbai. When i started using this phone, the lag was there from start towards watsapp, and other apps, then gaming time first 10 mins of any game you won't notice lag but then it starts hitting hard.. for a gaming phone this has disappointed me very much since there is no in build app to turn off other apps while playing games so it wont lag.. Overall within the next month i started noticing that the lag was getting worst, so i started running clean master, to speed up the phone but guess what, the lag got worst and then within the 4th month, the phone crashed, i took it to a normal repair shop where they fix most phones i have taken, they said the system crashed due to malfunction of the system and it will cost 8k to replace that part. I called up xolo customer service, they send someone and i gave them the phone it's been now 2 months and I even havent heard from them.. Overall very disappointed.. If you want money worth your phone, I will tell you to buy Alcatel Onetouch Idol X+ which I just purchased thru Flip kart. Best thing I ever did..
I have damaged the touch screen of this phone within 5-6 months of purchase and cost of new screen is 7K, yes that right, its not a typo. That is like 50% of the cost. Now the phone has become useless for me :( So for all the folks who are buying it do keep this is mind. Rating 1* because of this
So I bought this phone a while back and used it for a week! and then returned back . Pros -The screen -The looks and design Cons -Camera(the quality is same as the quality of a 1.2 or 2 megapixel camera) -Lags while playing a HD or any normal video -Slow and sluggish in normal use -Bad processor I think XOLO has made a joke about this Phone By naming it play as YOU CANNOT EVEN PLAY SUBWAY SURFERS SMOOTHLY IN THIS PIECE OF SHIT!
if u are buying a xolo phone it will not fail to dissapoint,when it works ,it definitely doesnt fail in lagging in opeing each and every application,apps such as facebook will surely crash within a few scrolls,instagram will never work(can bet on that,it never worked never),whatsapp cant handle large messages(even it will crash).its a gud way to decieve customers by comparing it to galaxy s4 and selling garbage somehow by gud marketing to customers.and surely the problem such as heating up will never stop(i hoped i had bought micromax instead) .and after a period of time like say not more than 6 months ,the phone will crash (yes it will crash),i dont know about the bogus reviews posted here about spoiling the phone's company but the customer suppoort also doesnt fail to dissapoint. when i bought the phone ,i was promised a customer service from home but even after taking it to the shop,they really made it bad for me. Some say its bad luck but after changing the phone twice i realised its a bad company,surely Indian brands are good(but not xolo) they are well experience in frustating customer after buying the phone(really regret buying the phone)
The delivery was swift as I preferred to go for Flipkart's main dealer WS Retail. The phone leads on some points and lags on some as well. I bought it for 14K about five months ago but I must say that I was thoroughly impressed with the display. 312 ppi is well enough for an HD phone. Xolo markets this phone as a "budget" gaming smartphone and it does live up to the expectations. A good display can make all activities related to it a delight (movies, games etc). Many games are compatible, although all are not. The USP of the phone the "NVidia Tegra 3 Quad Core Processor" does not make much difference in the performance of the phone. Based on my experience Qualcomm or Mediatek processors can match or even give better performance than Tegra. What's interesting is that only two companies Xiaomi and HTC have Tegra chips in few of their smartphones apart from the one from Xolo which makes one wonder why are the other companies not going for Tegra based phones. The THD (Tegra HD) zone provides HD games with better compatibility for Tegra phones. The battery performance falters after gaming or any other multimedia activity. The battery backup is not impressive and charging consumes a lot of time except if you do some modifications with the firmware which is not recommended in the warranty phase. The predominant problem with all android phones has been battery heating which is precisely inherited by this phone as well. Unlike big players like Samsung who also work on the software front to provide latest android updates, emerging companies like Xolo do not stress on software R & D hence you will drag with the old android firmware for a long time before updates are available. Based on old reviews, I was quite sure about rough service of the company. Both the charger head and headphone stopped functioning and its been a rough time to get the headphone replaced stretching over a month and a half. Overall this phone is good if you handle it carefully but you cannot trust Xolo service.
phone is too good but not good battery back up and no flip cover and not at all no service for xolo it gets heat so quickly
CONS :- .Whatsapp dont show bigr msgs .Wify is WEAK. .N/W drops on every sim card. .Mobile hangs Hell a lot of time .Mobile heats too much after use of half hour. .If you Keep your mobile idle without using it battery will drop to 0% in 2hr's .Headphone will work for the first 2-3 mins thn u ll be getting mono audio (no Bass,Echo ) .You have to carry your charger even if u dont use this shit box Customer attraction is due to the Nvidia tegra chipset ! Better spend some more and go for Samsung ... I bought this mobile to watch movie's but due to its battery back up i cannot watch full movie maximum 1 hour video playback ! SHIT dont buy this mobile ! !
i buy this phone after lunch in November. i found a 3.5 mm jack is not working proper know xolo service center hv my phone from 24/dec/2014 they give it back 2 time but problam still same and i hv some word with xolo north head of service but none of them listing so plz dont but Xolo phone for waste your money. i gv rating coz posting review
On getting up in d morning i noticed that there was a huge crack right across the screen. I had kept the phone on the table the night before after checking my mails, I did not even notice anything. The crack is a huge one and has affected the functioning in its entirety. the phone is excellent in almost all respects yet the availability of only few service centers makes it very difficult. The screen replacement cost is also mammoth as compared to other similar brands. It would be very helpful if somebody could suggest a reasonable alternative to get my LCD fixed in Kolkata
First of all thanks to Flipkart for delivering it so quickly. I have been using this phone since September and have not faced any issues so far. Here is my review in brief. PROS ----------- 1. Great specs, 4.7 inch display 2. Great processor, Nvidia Tegra 3 Quad Core and Nvidia GPU 3. 1 GB RAM ( important so that multiple apps run smoothly ) 4. HD, 1280 x 720 Pixels resolution 5. Comes with core android interface with no addon interface\UI ( I hate touchwiz ) 6. Plays all high performance\graphic games smoothly CONS ----------- 1. Initially there was a bit of lag in my phone. After I stopped all background running apps like XOLO security etc, the lagging stopped completely. 2. Phone may get heated up if you are gaming for quite a long time. 3. Battery tends to take a hit if you are using internet\gaming for long periods. Good product, I also rooted the phone with no issues.
Good Model. Its Value for money. Key Features 4.7-inch HD IPS OGS Display NVIDIA TegraZone for Gaming 12-core NVIDIA GeForce GPU 3D Stereo Gaming NVIDIA Direct Touch NVIDIA PRISM Display Technology Full HD 1080p Video Recording and Playback 1.5 GHz NVIDIA Tegra Quad-Core with a 5th Battery-saver Core
There was an cash-back offer on this and I was comparing with Experia L. I found the the hardware config of Xolo Play better.. Ordered this.. The hands on experience is good.. It used to hang some times.. But now it is resolved by itself. It runs smooth and does not lag when you play heavy games. After all this phone is made for game play.. I play NFS, dead trigger, FIFA which all are more than 1 gig games and never faced lag issues with this. The only reason I am giving this 3 star is the body material of this phone. It is a plastic body. I have used HTC before so I am used to that steel or steel kind of body and this phone doesnt have that.. does not feel like u r holding a great device.. Performance wise it wins against all these mid range phones..
Only issue I found and for which I sold this device is that you will need to a super silent corner to hear the Caller conversation. This device has awesome performance however it useless when you are unable to understand what other person is saying on the call. It even does not increase the volume on earphone. I only found one resolution is to sell it out.
after using over 7 months.... as a gaming fan, i can say that is a good device for mobile gaming.. i have tested dead trigger 2, asphalt 8, temple run 2, ARC sqarden 2.... these all game are working nice on my Xolo Play... camera is also work great in day light... battery is good.... smooth and crispy UI... superb display.... great sound... awsome 3g ... Now ... Some bad points.. 1, heavy... 2, getting heat up ( while gaming..), 3, weak WIFI, 4 camera bad in night... 5, no good flip cover
I am using this product for past 6 months. The Mobile works well generally. But it has many flaws in it. The Basic functionality like Gaming is hanging some where. This mobile is Game Specific so it should stands out when compare to other android mobile, But this is matching with other mobile in the market.
A really amazing phone for the range :-) Brilliant performance. Pros: Clarity display, above average sound. Amazing performance, not even a single lag till now. Crystal clear camera. Cons: above average battery life. The protruding camera from the body, a very small minus.
I was curious and I wanted to have an Nvidia Tegra phone for myself. Tegra 3 chip was something new and Nvidia was promoting it as a gaming phone thus I made up my mind and ordered it. At first the performance was really bad and I was highly disappointed and felt like throwing it away or sort of cheated feeling had on my mind. But later on when checked on forums of Xolo Play. Found the performance of this particular model was unstable because it's soc had some kind of instability and used to heat a lot and due to this gaming performance used to fall down. But thanks to Team XOLO they developed SOC016 to resolve the matter and it got rectified. I don't say it's an awesome phone but there are games which actually perform awesome in this phone and ever since that overheating issue got resolved it has become a good choice for gamers.
This phone is crap and never able to run a game on this. Thanks to FlipKart for refunding money. Excellent delivery time ....
If you are a gamer (like me) but you are believing in these negative reviews here (thats unlike me), man you are at a big big loss. First thing, STOP criticizing a product because others do it. I accept that there are some issues with this gadget, but Xolo has already rolled out updates which covers them pretty much. Check it on the Xolo website. I got this gadget but it has a defective camera, But thanx to the flipkart's awesome service, I got my replacement within a week. And I must say, I am glad I followed what my heart said. Playing Asphalt 8, or Dead Trigger 2 on this mobile is a superb treat. Its been 2 weeks now. All those who opposed me for buying this mobile, are now playing the games on my mobile turn by turn. For other features, * Battery backup is good but below expected. Still it covers 24 hour in one full charge. The 5th core do excellent job in saving power. * A gamer will understand the relation of power, performance and heat. Mobile get hot (but not as much as others says so). Its ok, compared to the performance it gives.. * Camera is normal. * Body is good. You get a good grip around. * Display is decent. very vibrant. Everything else is good, except gaming experience, which is the best. You wont get a performance like this in such small budget mobile. Please read official reviews than reading reviews here, which are mostly from those who don't even buy this phone, yet love to criticize a good product.
Aw-sum Phone but poor battery life... Ultimate display quality with Nvidia is pretty satisfies all the features Worthy price. Internal memory is less ram is not so stable.
I got my Xolo play on 14th Jan, 2014 and its my 4th day of using it. At the very first look, one can say that the glass and screen are of premium quality. And the resolution for the 4.7" screen is just amazing! The sound quality is truly awesome and graphics undoubtedly the best in its class with the Nvidia GPU. The phone performs pretty fast and smooth. Have observed minor lags though which is rare. Camera is of average quality and flash is not so bright. The only ONE CON i came across is the battery drain out. Its a nightmare to say frankly but after you update it to the latest firmware ie s018 which i have done today, the problem gets solved not to a great extent though but decent enough to operate Nvidia GPU with reasonable drain of battery. OVERALL its worth it if you want a gaming phone in the range of 15-17k and like to give your eyes the gift of HD resolution. As it says, Gaming phone performs smooth in every other task operations of the phone. Nice Phone from Xolo.
For all u gamers out there , it is the best android gaming platform . I am using this machine since the previous month and i really loved its performance . I have been playing all the so called "demanding" games in ULTRA settings smoothly . Not only gaming but this phone has a nice front camera too . HD video playbacks are fine . Sound quality is good and battery backup is a lot better than samsung smartphones . But this phone has a sleep on death issue and it also restarts automatically sometimes. Overall , it is a good phone , probably the best in this range
First of all I am a die hard sony fan....my brother bought this device and i was amazed to see it's unbelievable outputs. It plays almost every games without any lags and with full graphics, good descent sound, picture quality and HD playback is nice, every features are compact and comes in uses in a well groomed manner, but there is one thing that i felt on which xolo must take as a serious attention i.e the battery, i have to charge the device atleast twice a day for a heavy use and after gaming for quite a long time, the battery gets heated up and i think for this reason the battery is lacking it's efficiency. But i'll give 4/5 for this phone, if you can deal with the battery issue, go for this phone, in this price range it seems to deliver much more than expectations.
Phones by xolo are very good, build quality and performance is superb. Now the main issue its service centres sucks.Only one service centrer in a city with no capability to cure your device for a minor fault. A minor fault in your device will end up in 25-60 days in service centre. I had sim card detection error in my xolo play. The service centre suggested me to leave my new xolo play for 25-30 days with them. I was hopeless until I factory reset my phone and the problem went away...
This is a warning to those who wanna buy this phone. This phone has 100s of Problems...which are literally unresolvable... I have no time to write full list... FlipKart replaced my phone 2 times still the same and now they gave me a refund...Appreciate them for that... Trust me dont even think about buying this phone if you dont wanna waste your money... Issued in Public interest.
I just don’t understand why people rate this low, its from a company that is financially weak, but it was supported by intel, dell in the past. even nvidia uses this brand for launching tegra devices, the only other phone is the htc one x which is twice its price. this is such a good product that you won’t need after sales service. if micromax is better, then why don’t they have a tegra 3 device??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I bought this company 5 months back. had serious network issues. Gave to repair for XOLO Care. Its been 2 months still i haven't bought any updates on my phone yet. nieghter service center ppl pick my phone not they respond to my E-mail. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK !!
Please do not buy any xolo phones, they started by using intels name...there phones are made with worst hardware possible...my phone went bad in 3 months...within warranty they did not fix it saying liquid damage is there....my phone never fell in water ?? still it had liquid damage...when i complained i was told by there North India head that most phones sold are rejected ones and people are returning there phones within 3-4 days...they provide no service...there service is outsourced to F1 services ...f1 concentrates only on samsung phones etc...most of the times they will refuse to fix phones on false pretext that company does not offer service on most parts.. their executives will also ask for a bribe in order to get the phone fixed....even if they take your phone months will pass before you would get it back...over all i have had the worst possible experience and not just me the internet is filled with complaints for these phones... do not fall for the low price and do not buy these because of intel....stay away spend a little extra and buy a branded phone ....
Really Super-fast phone at this cost. The display is stunning and the processing speed is just mind blowing. When I compared this with Nexus 4 both having same configurations except the ram (1 gb extra in Nexus 4) other than both having similar or same specs. Only disappointment in this phone is the front-facing camera, I can't even see my face in any light. I call this phone as Nexus of poor.
dont buy this phone...its not a porblem of flipkart.com its issue with the fone...i replaced this phone 2 time...3rd time i return this phone and purchased new xolo q1000...
I have ordered this one month back it gets heated a lot and switches off automatically and not getting turned on even if u press the on button for 2 Min. Have returned it back within stipulated time of 30 days return policy. Do not buy this phone.
Xolo play is the worst mobile which i have ever seen. This gets heated up in 3mins of usage. Dont think that you can place the mobile near your ears & talk. Issues comes back to back for this model, Got 2 times replaced from flipkart. Thanks for flipkart for delivering & taking it back on time. 1st handset, 1st day, Alarm is ringing & no way to switch off other than removing the battery. People try to reach calling this mobile, the ring was going on the other end & this side, its no show, I was not even knowing there is a call coming in :(. So, please dont spend time & money on this. 2nd Handset gave some different problem, the mobile was ringing & no way that i can attend other than removing the battery.....it goes on.... Rating 1 star as there is no option for "zero"
Being a gadget enthusiastic, I came across xolo q800 few months ago. And since then my life is like hel*; thanks to XOLO/ LAVA service. Don't know why my phone caught some touch screen disorder and had to sent it to service center on 25 th sept,2013. Since then I have not seen my 11k rs worth phone. When asked over phone or email, they just reply that the phone is still under repair. Its been more than 2 months and the drama is on. My request to all would be - stay away from XOLO / LAVA. You will be left with utter disappointment after you buy any xolo / LAVA product.
Let us lay out the facts: 1) Xolo is not renowned for it's customer service. 2)Half the time when you say to people that you own a xolo phone, they ask "which company again?" 3)It is unlikely that they will hire Hugh Jackman in the nearby future. But with all the above cons it is still a good phone to have especially for gamers. The gaming experience is unmatched by any other sub 15k phone. You do get worried whether you would have to approach the service center with some issue. But a gamer likes that tension and adventure in life I guess :P . I am enjoying it, hopefully you would too.
I buyed XOLO play..few days back from flipkart.. Pros; The phone has only one benefit dats it has a great display in this range... Cons: Very Very Poor Battery life... i mean the phone claims to have n xtra batter saving core..this is a false technology the phone only gives n battery backup of 10 hrs when using only watsapp n checking emails n certain general uses...n if u play games..for xample if i play modern combat for 40 mins the battery goes down from 100% to 20%..even with brightness level kept low.. Xolo please understand that if u r making a gaming phone than including gamin divoted graphics card n processor is not the only thing consider on..u must consider battery too... the main problem i face is the battery problem a gaming phone like this must have atleast 2600 mAh battery this phone has only 2000 mAh battery.... LAGGING..... The tegra 3 games n other high end games runs smooth in starting n after some time lyk aftr 10 mins of game play the phone starts heating up a bit.. n also fps rate is decreased i.e the phone starts lagging..i hv used nexus 7 tab n its performace is much much better in gaming. i think i wasted 15.5k i would have buyed Lenovo P780 by adding some more money in my budget..its a great phone with 4000 mAh battery.. conclusion:- dont buy.........buy lenevo P780 instead..though its quite xpensive than this but why waste money..
Without taking much time,i shall say the phone is very fast camera is about average though(especially the front one),not so bad battery life,appearance wise very good,but i got defective earphone,hopefully flipkart will replace it soon,but a great phone way better than many others in the competition,if u have a choice go for this phone
I bought this phone from amazon. they delivered it to me within no time, good enough. used it and found that the camera is not working. they acted prudently and replaced in 3days :). but the replacement has a new problem. this phone really sucks, it was defective again. i can't speak to anyone at all, caller's voice starts breaking/shaking/cracking or watever you may call it(analogous to the sound of virus hacking in transformers part I). i was so excited about this phone when i ordered it and i am so much disappointed now. i must say that please don't buy this phone or don't buy any phone from xolo.. xolo sucks with their products and services. they respond to customer emails after a span of 3-4days atleast
I bought this phone for 13999 and 10% cahback. so,it is the best phone for 12600 very good processor no lags It run hd games very smoothly[asphalt 7,8,dead trigger 2,1,real racing 3,NFS most wanted, modern combat,e.t.c] GPU @ 416 mhz is far much better than 30k phones very nice screen quality except the dullish white colour very nice build quality nice cameras[both] nice n raw android expierience n far much better than micromax but i found a difficulty in finding a cover
Recently purchase the phone. and believe me it is more than you thought guys. some people said this is shit and some said good phone. but actual is if you are fan of gaming than it beat other big names likes Samsung, Nokia, HTC, Sony. Everything is good in phone. If you feel that your phone is lagging than go for official root than install LGP880 Booster than you go. this device is a beast itself. I am playing modern combat zero hour and fifa 14 at no lag issue. believe me NVIDIA Prism Display is best at this cost. And for those who has bettery problem. i have a solution for them to downclock your phone when there is no heavy use. even you can watch HD movies by MOBO or MX Player and surf normal internet. Great Phone My Rating 5/5
As on 26 Dec 2013 Short : Bad product Issues: Calls drop in 95% of calls. When in pocket screen gets easily unlocked and makes calls Battery quickly drops from 60% to 20% Good for Gaming is good, Camera is good Have stopped using it as a phone. Using only for camera, games. As on 12 November 2013 Used for more than 2 months. Pros : The make is professional, compared to many other chinese products I have seen before Video play is smooth 1080p Video record is stable Gaming is smooth Screen protector is bundled Packaging is very elegant - in full black. Cons : Stereo socket has design defect - you can hear only if you remove the back cover. Battery charing pin gets easily displaced Netwrok Reception is unstable GPS takes time to lock Battery barely lasts a day Speaker is low
I bought it for 13K from Flipkart with freebies at Diwali Times and it was a very speedy delivery. (5/5 for Delivery and offers) Product is fairly well compared to other mobiles at this price range. Build quality is fair and light. Back side cover is very good. OS gives some glitches but after updates it sorts out to very extent. Gaming is flawless and it does get heated up after long gaming but that's not too much. Speakers are not that great. Not very good quality covers are available and to apply those the original side buttons are also to be removed which is sad. No USB OTG support. Can't talk about the Care Center as its been only few days. But overall a great satisfying product as it runs smoothly as of now. Thank you.
i would surely recommend friends to buy this phone... i dont know y ppl have probs wid phone.. either they get a faulty piece o either they jus wanna destroy the brand image of XOLO. I have faced probs in d beggining.. bt nw it jus works like a charm. I have played games such as MW2, ShadowGun HD, Asphalt 7 n 8 n didnt find ny trouble in processing.. n if sumone says that its been a copy of some china phone it doesnt matter.. Cuz these days all of the Samsung Phones luk a like.. Cnt differentiate at one luk..
Just D best phone, battery issue is nothing but it should be charged on 1st day for 8 hrs then you can use , daily i charge once and i have loaded nfs most wanted and play it when I am free from work battery drains but den too all android phns have That problem. VALUE FOR MONEY, GO FOR IT
It is a Greeeaaaatttt Phone....!! Truly a Competition to All the top notch phones when it comes to Display, Performance, Connectivity, Everything!! Except the battery..! It still Last A full day. But that's Okay!! Considering that you'll have a SMARTPHONE With NVIDIA in Less Than 16000/- It's Truly Worth!! Don't Get Confused By the reviews.. I've purchased it a month ago. got a faulty piece got it replaced (So Easily and in just 3 days.) And now it's working Wonderfullllyyy!! Awesome!! And the Lastest Updates are Making it even Better..! Amazing Product!!
I brought this mobile by reading reviews and the spec was really good, but it shows signal problem some time the signal goes off even i tried putting different sim cards still the problem exist. The basic thing the phone is suppose to deliver is the voice call if signal is not there then its a total waste can just use for playing ie it
Well,this is my first time when i bought an indian phone,,,,After losing my xperia sp i shifted to a low budget phone...it was highly recommended to me by my friends and cousins...so,here r d pros n cons acc to me PROS All d specs given Super Gamings Cons Less internal memory Android 4.1.1 Overall,,awesome !!! XOLO IS NOT CHINESE!!! ITS INDIAN!!!! XOLO ROCKS!!!!
Using this mobile from the past 3 months. This is my birthday gift.... Awesome mobile it is. At first hesitant as it is not branded.... but this is an awesome mobile... trust me... never had any issues with this mobile :-)
but not good after sell services .it supports mostly all apps .but dont buy it frm a cheap store if it is a matter of 500 or 600 rs
Nice mobile its like chota bum bada dhamaka kum paiseme bohot kuch..... :-) i am using XOLO play and i am satisfied with it. Nice mobile but got some battery issue it goes down very fast but its every Android mobile Phone's issue hehe...
it is a very cool phone.....no hangs yet.....using from 1 month....the response of the phone is really smooth and fluid
am using this product , satisfied with performance, graphics, gaming, working smoothly it can beat other high end products,deserve 5 rate
really good workin in all categories it was the mobile which i was searchiing...it had a stylish looking with full specifications in all categories and hd resolution was awesome
Guys let me make this clear. This phone has, an additional 1 GHz Cortex A5 CPU for power saving. However, Nvidia has programmed it in such a way, that in most of the apps and games, the power-saving CPU is used, which make it lag, Believe me, A5 sucks, and there are little games that actually use the Tegra 3. The rest of the specs are good, with a great GPU. But again, the A5 bottlenecks with the ULP GeForce. The screen is average, and 2000mAh battery sucks too. So what's the use of buying a mobile for 13k with A5 being used most of the time? Think for yourself. This may not be such a great deal for hardcore gamers. Instead the Xolo X1000 is much better.
it has got a big battery prob and it gets discharged in 2-3 hrs on using 3g or wifi and I have changed 2 times thinking it was a defect only on my piece and as always flipkart service is very good so 1 extra star
Everything's been said and done about this phone. Just wanted to add on my thoughts about this phone. -Tried few 720p videos in .mp4 format with MX player, run flawlessly, just get the custom codecs and select the H/W decoder. -Played some taxing games, like prince of persia classic, rayman jungle run, real racing 3, no problems/lags at all. -Listened to some different genres of music, sound is crisp and neutral, with punchy bass, just update the stock google music player, and tweak the EQ settings. With Cowon EM1, music experience with this phone was a treat. -Used GPS with a 3G connection for a day in Delhi, was pin-point accurate, no hangs/lags/errors. -Excellent battery life. I turn down the brightness to bare minimum anyway, gets too bright for me otherwise. The phone ran for 3.5 days after the first charge, with moderate daily usage. Just make sure you don't start using your phone straight away after unpacking, let it charge initially to 100%. And don't charge the phone before the battery's down to 0-15% -Stock android UI. I hate the bloated UIs that come along with brands such as samsung, htc and others. Even though this is a personal preference, I like the uncluttered, the way it was meant to be stock UI of the android platform.
Used it for almost a month. The screen and the Hardware are great..no lags. but the software is lousy. messages, whatsapp and facebook sections go invisible where they are too long. buggiest gps ever....takes almost 10 mins to lock on location.....useless.. i cannot recommend this product.
I'm a Hardcore gamer.i Had bought it. The overall and gaming performance is /unbeatable\. BUT THERE IS /ONE\ IT HAS NO PROPER SERVICING AND IN LOCAL SERVICING CENTERS THEY HANDS UP HAVING NO SOFTWARE. JUST think/ur a risker[that is another]\ Be carefull
Its an amazing phone.Just charge it for i gues 7 or 8 hours as specified in the manual before you first use it and the battery too is good. gaming is tops plus looks great. very nice given the price.
After many weeks of checking, comparing and listening to in person user reviews by existing users, finally decided to buy this device and ordered it when i saw the price dipped by approx 1000 from the previous visits... Also convinced when i was getting a 10% off with Standard chartered card... Order delivery - Well before the said time. Well packed. Price - Value for Money Device - well built but has a plastic back cover. Battery - Has a removable battery. Tested and found to be lasting for one full day after a 100% charge. Through out the usage i was on wifi, installing games all through the day over wifi.and playing games more often. Graphics - Great graphics, tried installing more than 25+ apps and fortunately none of them crashed. Sound quality - Great. Liked it when it came with a screen guard with the device that costs approx 200 to 300 in elec market. But if you try a matt finish screen guard it adds to a nice experience using the phone. Cons: speaker is at the back side of the device so if you put it on a unsolid surface the volume goes feeble. Headset - Not worth it. Battery gets heated when used continuously on gaming for more than a hour or so. Back cover or screen guard is not found to be available in the local market. Over all - a worthy investment for entertainment.
Hey Guys, I am an avid Blackberry user, I however needed an Andriod phone which would help me make Skype calls and access Salesforce for work. This phone fit the bill for me because I for one didn't want to buy the regular costlier ones as I am not used to Andriod. I bought this phone for the fact that it runs with the Nvidia Graphics card and I like games. It doesn't disappoint at all. I would advice you to go for it and the camera is decent as well. I have no complaints about the phone, It does heat up but which Andiod phone doesn't while playing games??? But man this is one phone that I have respect for.
something extraordinary in reasonable rate. the product first i received was defective however i replaced and now this is rocking. graphics , colours, touch, sound everything is awesome.. battery is average but using du battery software we can manage. overall i ll give 98/100.. jus go for it and be unique
Hey!!! I bought this phone from flip kart.. seeing phone specification i felt darn cool phone.. it was going smooth , but some times phone gets switch off with out user knowing it. else screen goes blank , but ll be running in the background... over all can give 3 out off 5 stars ...
i got this mobile from flipkart and is awesome it has got pros and cons pros -superb performance -high sensitivity -super fast -big screen for movie lovers cons -battery backup is less -internal memory is less -heavy as shit -volume quality is poor gamers with low budget should prefer this device for a life time experience of gaming...........
this smartphone is really superb!!!!,its fast and has a superb screen resolution .Its gaming performance is amazing and it dosen't lag. its a truly superb smartphone. some of its awesome features are: 1-1.5 ghz quad core prossesor 2-Nvidia Tegra 3 3-Android 4.1 jellybean ,not bad but could have been a higher version. 4-easy to handle 5-very comfortable while holding.
I agree about the service of XOLO....it depends on the availability of the spares...as i work for HTC india...there are devices which is lying with us for more than a month...there are htc one which has been dead within 2 days of purchase...so don't blame XOLO for the service...my cousin owens a XOLO play its a good phone according to the price which we brought it for 13.5 k in vasai....a month ago....
I had bought this phone from Flipkart and got this phone within 2 days.First thing about the phone is the display quality it was so awesome better than any other phone under this price range.The back camera was quiet good and the processor was so awesome all the application was responding so faster and the gaming was quiet good.Games like dead trigger,asphalt 7was working awesome especially the rain and water effect of that dead trigger was awesome and all other games like temple run and subway surfers was working good.But some of the games like asphalt 8,Fifa 13 lagged a little bit and the front camera was so poor.Battery was quiet good.But i had an another network issue i didn't proper signal to this mobile and i contacted flipkart about this and they replaced the mobile and i got the new mobile on the next day and in that mobile every time i had to select the network manually i.e. the automatic network selection option wasn't working and when ever i enter into some building the signal gets disconnected then again i raised a complaint about this to flipkart they asked me to return the product and they refunded the money back.I was totally satisfied with the service provided by flipkart from now on i have decided to purchase products only from flipkart because they replaced two phones and they even refunded the money within a week i bet that no other retailers would help customers like Flipkart.Really Flipkart is so awesome.And about the phone we can buy that phone for the display alone but since it had that network issue i returned the phone other than that the phone was awesome and Asphalt 8 was working great in xolo q800 but the picture quality was unbeatable in xolo play.Since Nvidia's architecture is quiet different Asphalt 8 wasn't working properly but now they have provided new updates to the game.Since i had returned the phone i couldn't check it.As i told Nvidia's architectureis quiet different so for some games they have to provide some updates.Other than the network issue and the front camera this phone is awesome people who are not interested in gaming can go for XOLO Q1000.And FLIPKART customer care service awesome you guys can buy from FLIPKART if there's any issue they will help us to resolve it that's for sure.
This is for all gaming lovers. This is amazing phone with amazing features. The phone is offering value for money features at this price band. I m a Nvidia Fan. Hence bought this phone as soon as i saw the hardware specs. The display is amazing. The graphic quality is good. Overall its amazing phone at this price band if u r not too brand conscious. The Only area of problem is the Very poor after sales service offered by company. My friends phone is in service center for more than 1 1/2 months and there is no proper response. The phone is having issues with the speakers and the headphone jack. Guys its a good buy only if u get "all is well" piece. Service center ki zaroorat padi to prefer going Micromax, Samsung or Sony.
The reason i am giving the phone 4 star is that it is not supporting the skull candy headset with mic option & the headset that came along with the device is not that good, that's kind of frustrating but keeping that aside & looking other aspects of the phone it's awesome, it has solid built , liked the rough finish on the rear, awesome gaming experience , better screen resolution , good battery backup ,.....
delivery from flipkart is super fast ..xolo play is good mobile under 15k ..good design...if u want for game then its useful or else suggest to go for q700 good battery life and great performance.. only issue is camera 5megapix but for 9k worth buying.... xolo customer care needs to improve their services
Great Phone!If it would have 1080p screen and 2 GB Ram it would be the best phone.I only want to buy an android phone which could smoothly run nds4droid and pokemon black and white. Please anyone could try it on this phone.
I purchased a brand new XOLO T1000 on Saturday 24 Aug 2013 (I have the original invoice, box and all accesories). Today (29 Aug 2013) while I was browsing Google Play store, it suddenly got blank on its own. I tried switch it on by pressing the power button but it didn't respond. then I removed the battery and put back and then tried to switch on, but still its not giving any sign of life!! I'm sure that the battery is fully charged at the time this happened as it was plugged in at that time (and since 4-5 hours before), so the "drained battery" reason is not applicable.
very poor handset by LAVA.. Issues faced.. 1. battery drained so quickly... (without playing games / using internet) 2. takes too much time to recharge battery. 3. after pressing power button. need to wait or many times nothing shows on screen.. in case need to power off mobile forcefully... Service related.. 1. After lodging complaint.. handset was collected by the person from service center after lots of followups. 2. They returned handset by saying software upgraded and replaced the battery.. but when checked, same battery was sent again to me and argued that they sent new battery. after showing snapshots and serial number of battery, before sending handset to them which I taken, they shut their big mouth then.. 3. Sent an email and complained again but still got no reply from company.... Kind Request... "Dont buy any handset of LAVA (XOLO) brand .... Don't waste your valuable money and time"
Here is a step-by-step analysis of the XOLO PLAY (The review is comparison based with contenders : Xperia M , Canvas A116, Galaxy Core, Ascend P1 ) all other phones are so bad, they don't even deserve a mention NOTE: I am not mentioning anything about Micromax A116 or GALAXY CORE because these 2 phones are completely over-shadowed by phones I am mentioning here. Indian brands : XOLO play >>>>>>>Micromax A116 Foreign brands: Xperia M >>>>>>> Galaxy Core LOOKS / HANDLING : XOLO PLAY, looks good and will never feel cheap, but it isn't anything special either. It has got character and it carries it self well.It is little heavy, thick though .Xperia M is most certainly beautiful, and the best looking entry level device in my opinion.The 4-inch screen means it is extremely comfortable to use and is very light. Ascend P1 is very light and thin, and is at par (or a little better) than Xperia-M in looks, but it's material doesn't really feel premium. DISPLAY: XOLO T1000: has a MUCH BETTER DISPLAY than both in all aspects. IPS LCD 720-p is a real winnerIt blows you away, and shows just how far Local companies have progressed.Also 4.7" is perfect for movies and gives higher screen estate. Xperia M has high enough PPI (245) and display looks crisp with natural vivid colors. Viewing angles are a bit off, but nothing that you would particularly notice. Ascend P1 is a mixed bag...While having nearly the same 245 PPI , a pentile matrix causes it to be (a little) less crisp, but AMOLED makes colors very vibrant,(often too much, causing it to look unreal) PERFORMANCE: XOLO Play and the P1 give similar performances, each giving superb performance for price results. XOLO PLAY is the best gamer's mobile in this price range.Movies and apps are flawless as well. XPERIA M has the best performance for an entry level device ever given by a foreign brand. It is snappy, runs all games flawlessly and movies run really well. 1GB Ram ensures Muti-tasking is smooth. Here are the bench marks Phone......General speed..............................Gaming........Net Speed ...............Quadrant.....Antutu......Linpack.........Egypt HD......Vellamo Xperia--M...4200.....10,000...........216..................13................1800 Acend.P1..4200...... 7500............151...................18................1500 Xolo.Play...4200......12500...........N/A...................15................1800 As you see most scores are very close, and there is no clear winner. (these scores CRUSH scores of Galaxy core and HD 116) USER INTERFACE /SOFTWARE: XPERIA M and ASCEND P1 crush the XOLO PLAY in this department. SONY wins overall with jelly-bean(android 4.1.2), smooth UI with superb features like Mini-apps while keeping true to Vanilla JB. ASCEND P1 has an awesome UI that is VERY DIFFERENT and also allows switching to stock if u dislike it...P1 is however launched with Android 4.0, but updates to jellbean are available. XOLO PLAY has a very (surprisingly) sluggish UI and this is what ruins probably a great package....UI can however be changed with Launcher apps and ROOTING. Thank-fully it is already on jellbean(android 4.1.1) and almost stock. Note: Ascend P1 has a pathetic keyboard, be sure to replace it with another app (SWIFTKEY). MUSIC: Xperia M and the Ascend P1 are LOUD, and I mean really loud. Great music speakers and In ear audio quality make them both great mobiles for audiophiles. Xolo has normal Speakers, nothing impressive. In ear quality is good, as as the other 2 CAMERA: Here is how it is Ascend P1 >>> Xperia M= Xolo Play Ascend P1 takes magnificent photos and Great videos while Xolo and Xperia M are simple average in this department. Xperia M and XOLO-PLAY are definitely not Camera-phile's phones. Customer service and reliability: Xperia M takes the cake here. The Foreign Brand offer good service and Phones have a much better expected Life time Huawei and XOLO have below-average support in India. Note: Huawei is actually a very BIG COMPANY (A brand with value), that actually sold more phones than SONY,LG and HTC in 2012. However, most of it's sales occur only in china. ....................................................................................................................................................... CONCLUSION / WRAP-UP: If Known brands' mobiles are your only option, Xperia M kills all small fries of HTC,LG and Samsung. It Delivers excellently everywhere except the Camera.(only average here) while giving EXCEPTIONAL PERFORMANCE. A GREAT ALL ROUNDER THUS, IN BRANDED PHONES >>> XPERIA M IS THE BEST The ASCEND P1 Hold really well as it stands out as a great choice for people looking for a great package with a GREAT CAMERA or a NEW EXPERIENCE. Display is however not as good as the other 2. XOLO PLAY remains the Spec-Thristy people's ultimate choice. Flaunting a LARGE beautiful screen, a great chipset it is a BUDGET GAMER'S DREAM. It's camera and UI are however Under-whelming.
xolo play is a good phone as it has a good touch capacity and xolo play is mainly for gaming as u know its name xolo play. it is powered by nvidia tegra 3 chip and 1.5ghz quad core processor which helps in running games smoothly without any bugs and it has 1 gigabyte of ram which is quite good for mobiles nowadays and it has 8mp primary camera with full hd recording and it has a hd screen which makes video playback quite sharp and attractive its a good thing that it is only a single sim device as some new mobile always come with dual sim just like grand and grand quattro. it has only 4 gb of rom which a weak point but not to worry sd card can expand further to 32 gb. if u feel this was useful or not please let me know . by my side it is a good phone over all in every field.
The phone is faster as it promises. For the price range, it is affordable. I would suggest removing the stock Xolo power saving app and installing another battery saver as it helped me gain additional power. The settings keeps freezing, I think it may be a bug with the phone. But you may hardly use it so does not matter. The build quality is good outside, you cannot tell a difference between the front panel of nexus 4 and play. It generates images, videos and colors even better than on a nexus 4. No lag at all!!! The inner built is a bit cheap, appears sometimes as assembled within home. Overall, worth a purchase.
Once again, excellent service from Flipkart, All function in phone are excellent, after one week problem started. Mobile display not coming , if some person called during that time, they will get a ring tone. i do not any ringing tone or even missed call. This created more problem in my corp office life, my boss thinking i am not attending the call purposefully and fired like any thing. My request flipkart can stop selling this product to avoid the damage of flipcart
Reading the reviews and the specifications, I bought a Xolo Play. Guys please provide the correct feedback. 1st thing the price reduced by INR 2000/- next day I brought. That's my luck. But the performance is not good too. 1- Battery drains very quickly. 2- The phone has got Network Problem or might be application issue. Many times the phone will not be reachable though the signal strength is full and it will start working after you reboot the phone. This is required minimum 2 times a day. 3- The ringing volume is very low, if you are outside / in a mall you can't hear the phone ringing. 4- When you call the Xolo Phone, you can hear the dial tone... but the Xolo Phone will not be ringing and it doesn't register a missed call even. What ever features it might have but if a phone doesn't have a good battery and have network issues, it's of no use I think.
Very Good product.... liked it very much for me its very good.. but i think battery backup is not much good... but its good... in 15000rs it is a very good phone .... camera quality is also good....so u can buy this phone... Battery Backup is Very Bad....
Iam using Xolo Play for almost a month now .. On the second day itself its charger burned right in front of me . Now as customer care representatives said that just give it and you will be getting it back within 5 days . Its going to be 1 month and i haven't got my charger back !!! Customer care representatives will keep lying to you and you will end up very frustrated. Plz Plz plz .. Go for a trusted and tested brand like SAMSUNG / NOKIA etc . BEFORE PHONE CONFIGURATION LOOK FOR CUSTOMER SERVICES
I bought this mobile through flipkart delivery was prompt,but the mobile turned out to be defective, head phones were not working,other features looked good. But I lost confidence in xolo initially itself, and i returned the mobile i had high hopes on this mobile but i was very disappointed , i was not sure whether the mobile would have lasted 1year. Thanks to flipkart for returning the money back quickly. My suggestion is dont buy mobile just only the basis of specs there should be customer support in case of minor/major defects ,else it is a big risk as you are paying your hard earned money.
It has a powerful processor ,good build quality and a matte finished back cover.It is performing wonderful when playing games without any lag. It gives fairly a day of battery backup of heavy usage.I must mention that it's 4.7" screen is outstanding! If u like Hardcore gaming, then go for Xolo. It's a good shot.
This is unfortunate that the OS not yet good!! it's not working as good as Nexus 7, all build quality of phone with specs are good! I cancel the order only becouse of the buggy OS! I can't run the SUV like car!! :)
had a doubt about installing games in sd card. as many said that games can only be installed in phone memory. but that's not an issue. happy to see that games can be installed directly in sd card. and regarding processor, display, camera, built read the specs provided and go for it. blind folded. awesome phone.
There are two major issues 1st of which will be common to all. 1) The phone cannot store apps on sd card. This is simply horrendous. with 2.3 gb of internal memory even if u have a 16gb card you wont be able to have more than 2 good quality games at a time on ur cell. An update to 4.2 with sd app storage should be a good way to correct this. 2)The phone claims to have an ambient light sensor but it does not work in my cell nor is it detected. 3) It also has a messed up battry and a 3rd class front camera. expected!! Final comment if u fix the above 1st two issues its the best phone in this class or else a waste....
Xolo did not manage to impress us with the aesthetics. It looked like a regular smartphone with an all-black exterior. The front panel is all-glass with a shiny trim around it. Three LED backlit buttons for Home, Back and Menu are available on the bottom and the earpiece with the front-facing camera are seen towards the top. Sadly, we did notice the backlight a little too dim than normal.On paper, the specifications sound quite acceptable. Unfortunately, that is not the case in practice. There is a perceptible lag on the phone that permeates through the entire OS, with even basic things such as the Settings app running at a terrible framerate every time you scroll.
Don't go with anything anyone says. Look for yourself this phone has been featured on the nvidia driver download page. That says it all. This phone has bypassed all the nexuses and S4s and made it to a prestigious level. And let me know when that Chinese phone of which this phone is a replica of get such high honors!
Well, as you all know the features of this product, I will be giving you the review of this product. I m new customer of Lava international. Got this phone within 2 working days. Hats off to Flipkart for the same, as usual. Happy to see the quad core 1.5 Nvidia tegra 3, however , result is not matched up with the expectation. Negatives- 1. Battery drains quickly. 2. Phone heat goes upto 56 degrees 3. Sometimes, battery need to remove and put in , so as to start phone,,, when you try to unlock the phone with power button and there is no response (That's worst part) 4. Battery indication is not proper irrespective of app you use- now if it shows 69% , it can go down to 20% in some minutes. Can't trust even pre installed app xolo power. I need to put it on charger (USB-PC) for whole day if i gave thought to put 2G or wifi on full day (Idle, not active use), and to save battery in order to play games while returning to home in train. Positives- 1. Great display 2. app can be installed on SD card 3. gaming phone - nice performance Conclusion- If you consider your budget, i may advise you canvas HD as i compared performance with my cousin's phone. He was on 3G at 71% battery and I was on 2G with 69%. After 15 minutes, i was having my phone with 58% and that of his phone with 69% The consumption pattern of this phone is not proper since the samsung galaxy s4 with 2600 mah power, phone can survive substantially well. The co. should look into this matter carefully and shall give a relief to xolo play customers in Android 4.2 or 4.3 or stock.
Guys Xolo is a chinese company that manufactures its phone with cheap local hardware. They lure you by ads saying you get so many features in a low price. But trust me its only to attract customers. Its cheap hardware. You buy a XOLO phone it will only work normally for 2 months then it will start giving you trouble. Now coming to the customer service. I live in NOIDA. They have a service centre here only for name. My phone got damaged the earspeaker stopped functioning. I gave it at the service centre as it was under warranty and as of today it has been more than a month and i havent got it back. WORST Customer service. Whenever i call the cust care they always fool me by saying its "still under repair", "i'll forward your case to the team" Kindly dont buy XOLO phones its a fraud company and i dont know why isnt any strict action being taken against this company for fooling customers by the Indian Govt. Add a litle more money and buy Samsung or Nokia. XOLO is a chinese company that manufactures cheap chinese phones that look worthy. Never go for them and waste your money its a warning and not only I am facing this problem but everyone else too is.
Finally a killer phone made for gamers. Xolo pairing up with Nvidia Tegra to come up with this beast of a phone is a step in the right direction. I've ordered after using my friend's Xolo Play and after I got blown by it's performance. For any gamer, it's a steal for the price at which it is getting sold.
Amazing specs. The clarity while playing games is unlike any other. The visuals make for great gaming experience and Xolo Play with Nvidia Tegra gives just that. PROS: Powerful GPU Vibrant display Access to TegraZone for Tegra games optimized for Android Strong and sturdy built No lag CONS: Single SIM, not double No flip cover available But I think these cons can be easily overlooked, because of the many other superior specs.
It's true. running 3D games on these is actually the time you can make out major difference in the quality of gaming. once  you play on the Xolo Play, it is hard to go back to playing games on any other mobile device.
Very true, the USP of the phone being gaming, it stands up very well to that. The graphics are simply brilliant. And thankfully the battery back up is great too, would've been disappointed if a gaming phone couldn't survive a few hours of gaming.
Talk about a power-packed phone! Xolo is really stepping up its game and is ready to take on the biggest names in the mobile industry in India. 1.5 GHz NVIDIA Tegra Quad core processor and 12-core Geforce GPU rocessor bound together all in a great looking phone, Superior gaming on this phone - for real.
Wo...Happy to get this phone yesterday....I was too much happy for this phone....As I expected by its hardware,it is performing very well....Just while playing games it get hot...but its not a big deal...just minimise it until it cools then again start your enjoyment..... >>Well comming to main point the camera is very well...Just quality decreases in low light...thanks to the autofocus it helps alot... >>Memory is ok...just expand it without thinking anything... :) >>Screen is super crystal clear....due to the resolution and DPi...which is best in this range.. So all apart I'm very much satisfied with this phone... Don't think just order it and enjoy,... >>Thanks alot flipkart...Love u.. :P Delivery is just awesome(So Fast.. ;) ) Happy to being a part of this family....... :)
Hi Everybody. any one interested in buying this phone should have a look at the reviews done by the Thinkdigit. This phone performance was very pleasing in gaming department specially in graphical department. So performance may be a little downside when u compare the benchmark with HTC one X but you have to also look at the price difference. HTC one X still cost around 25000 bucks even after so much price fall. So overall i think this phone will suit the high end game lovers.
Xolo Play is powered by nvidia but its benchmark score not so good as expected. So waiting for Xolo new nvidia tegra 4 chipset... But it's a good gaming phone better than galaxy grand, S2, S3 (S for Shit)
XOLO play has one of the best specification which I saw in this range. it is having Nvidia TEGRA 3 processor which is 1.5 GHz Quad-core with 5th battery-saver core. Its RAM is also 1gb which is not available in samsung and sony mobiles in this range. I think it is worth buying.. :)
hello this mobile is rock, this is best mobile for gaming but i need buy white colour model of XOLO play because white colour is give profissional look and also need original flip cover from Xolo it will take of my mobile and flip cover look great to comparing other simple cover..
AM using this phone from last 3 days , the phone is awesome with no lag at all. the worst part is battery backup it doesnt last too long,just playing HD game for 30 min it has drained completely.if we dont play any game ,just normal use and browsing the battery lasts only one day.other xolo phone(q1000/A1000) are with 2100 MAh , i dont understand why xolo has launch such an excellent phone with so bad battery backup.am not sure if we can switch the battery with xolo q1000.
please review the product carefully before posting it people buy products based on review About the brand not much sounds like samsung, iphone, sony, nokia, but the xolo play is the best mobile i ever used before this phone i used samsung galaxy grand which is tft screen, but it has great screen resolution with ips display and good processor which is very soft
Like It.. :) great specs, impressive design, planing to buy it, but the only thing worries about the service centers of xolo, are they have enough service centers? with good customer service, flipkart, need to show service centers also..
Hi guys i know this phone is awesome it has nvidia chipset bla bla bla . thats good i dont wanna talk about the specs of the phone ... but please the one who had already brought this phone please benchmark the phone by using Ninamark2 Antutu benchmark .and any other benchmark tools which u know and please update the rating here in comment section.. and plz do write about battery backup experience Thanx in advance
This phone is a copy of a chinese phone called LA-Q1. Do some research before buying any device, it always helps. I don't have any complaint on this phone for normal usage, but for gaming purposes, Don't go by the "Nvidia GeForce" GPU, it hasn't been optimised properly with the processor, Hence, the gaming experience wouldn't be as expected. I'm going for the Google Nexus 4, even though it's 10K more, but it will last for 2-3 years max
I am using xolo q800 and the perfermance is superb. But by looking into the spec of XOLO play this is going to be an amazing phone. I think Samsung and Iphone ka band baj jayega abhi. Good going XOLO !!!
