MOBDJ7CBTFUZMDGU
BEST BATTERY BACKUP for an android phone : 3450 mAh battey ( that of salora powermaxx is 3200 mAh ) . So once charged u can use it for many hours - consistently: in terms of FLIPKART "Non Stop Music Playback for 86 hrs" qHD 960x540 IPS (In-Plane Switching) panel - 16 million colours video recording : HD -720p photography : 5MP with FLASH (LED) you can make video calls too 1 Ghz dual core processor (probably MT6577) GPU: PowerVR SGX531 (is better than adreno 200) 512 MB RAM SAR value: it is lesser than 0.84 W/Kg in all cases . INDIAN government says it must be less than 1.6 W/Kg for any human tissue. hence suitable for humans within ₹ 9000 it is the best phone. 4 Stars because I don't know how good the after-sale services are So go for It guys.
I am writing this post hoping it will get to the right people. A few months ago, I had bought xolo x900 phone after seeing your tv commercials. I was totally sold out on the idea of owning a intel phone. In fact I bought three x900. Now, two of the phones are not not working and I have repeatedly filed complaints with your customer care. For every issue they blame intel and say intel does not have a solution. now a days, No one answers the phones or emails, try for yourself Don't buy xolo phones, no upgrades, no after sales support. you will curse the day you bought this phone
I Haven't had this phone yet...now searching on net to study it fully... waiting for some hands on reviews.... this one seems to be a nice mobile because you love xolo a700 when coming to b700, we get something and lose something..... what we are getting is 1. a huge 3450mah battery(a700 has only 1700 mah battery) which means you get more talk time and stand by time.... 2. a magnetic sensor(also need confirmation) what we lose is.... 1. the compact design(about 12.1mm thick) a700 is nice one only 9.1 mm thick... 2.lack of agps... only gps is present n the device(according to lava official website, also need confirmation) 3.weight=160g but a700 have only 118 g weight..... 4.cost = 8999 , cost of a700= 7999(now as low as 7300 in some other sites) we are paying additional 1000 or more for getting something and losing something.... ......!!!!!!......so be careful while buying this handset)
This is an awesome phone, Good screen,awesome touch response and it has not hung until now. But there is an issue (i Think , it might be not) the battery level increased after it restarts. battery level was 33% i restarted it jumped to 44% later when the battery was 15% i restarted it jumped to 33%. Is it a bug?????
DEAR FRIENDS, this mobile is really awesome and fantastic feature i have ever seen qhd display clarity is really fantastic also camera clarity is good, with 5mp back and 0.3mp front and touch screen is really very fast....also dual core processor is very good speed and the most important thing is battery is 3450 mah battery ,,,,the battery life is really wonderful.....u will 12 hours continuously internet,,,if u use internet via wifi then u will get around 15 hours back up,,,,,really this mobile is awesone...required charging only once in a day...this mobile is equals to s3, note 2, motorola maxx,......good good good.... there is no negative reiviews for this moboile. every thing is positive....video recording is also good.....guys please dont purchase costly mobiles ... vast of money and battery back up aslo poor.......please purchase this mobile .....i have already purchased this mobile ......this is really wonder full mobile.......please go for this mobile only.....
I have bought this phone last week, would like to confirm the below features are available. 1. FM Radio 2. Compas is available, works with google maps 2. GPS 3. In browser flash works 4. Skype audio and video chat is very good. 5. Audio and Video playback quality is very good. 6. Hats off to battery, 7. HDR photography(Stills only) 8. 720p Video recording 9. No problem with phone getting hang or program crashing 10. No heating problem 11. Looks like a costly high quality phone. PS: Browser, GPS and camera quality review are available on youtube Cons : 1. Grainy photos even in good light, 2. Sms malware is preinstalled, easy to remove after some googling. 3. Below standard headset provided. 4. No gorilla glass, long term It may get scratches.
The battery backup stats given on Xolo's website are quite accurate. This has a very long standby time. Camera could have been better. The flash is as good as absent. The camera goes into a hyper mode during the slightest dip in light and pumps you the ISO making the pics very grainy... cant help it, no matter what app you use. But takes good daylight pictures. Great screen. Good PPI. The sunlight legibility is minimum- you can barely see anything. Phone is a bit heavy, but I like it that way. Planning to attach a hand-strap as they have provided the slot for one.... in-box headset sucks. Buy a good pair of earphones and prepare to be blown... I have used ipod-iphone-samsung galaxy sl and nokia-music edition phones... best for headset audio were apple products... this phone is as good as those---with a good pair of earphone... Could have used another hardkey to unlock the display....But I guess will get used to this... phone looks and feel rich on your hands. Good value for money. I so hope there is a JB update for this, it will be able to handle it...is my opinion... I played temple run 2 on this one, no lag whatsoever... cant say anything else about HD games n all coz I haven't played any yet... consider buying a class 10 mmc for the phone, I downloaded and installed all apps onto the external sd... there is an option in the OS to change the storage device---that is great! No need to goto hacks etc. I have also seen the 15% stagnant battery level. Unable to figure out what it is. All in all a good phone, especially for first time budget android enthusiasts and also for travelling people.
well i bought the phone and i am using it for last 12 days, there is only one word awesome for this phone, every device has some pros and cons, but if you will consider the price you will have to neglect the cons which i will mention Design: 09/10- looks very good, no cheap plastic used, xolo providing screengaurd with the phone, so no worry about scratch and all Screen: 07/10- color are sharp and no issue of viewing angle, but hard to see when you are under direct sunlight speaker: 09/10- very good, if not too loud then not too low battery : 11/10 - no words for it, its increasing the weight but it is like "Fill it, Start it, Forget it" Camera : 08/10- overall very good, even the picture taken in low light are extremely good. CPU/GPU: 08/10- very good, i have loaded temple run2, subway surfer Sydney and not facing any lag or any performance issue phone has inbuilt 2GB available for the user, as i have installed all apps on SD card, so no issue of memory recently i have bench marked the phone with antutu apps- and it got 5943 overall i will give this phone 4 point out of 5 Pros- -Battery -Build Quality -Good Camera Cons- -Lack Amoled screen - lack HDMI -No Accessories available right now -windows drivers are missing
This Phone is an another unleash after X1000. However, its has low specs but at this price these are perfect as it is a low range smartphone. 5 MP Primary Camera and 0.3 MP Secondary Camera As far as I Know, Xolo Cameras are far better than other like micromax , karbonn, tec. Secondary camera not so good but ok because a very low number of people in India use video calling Android v4.0.4 (Ice Cream Sandwich) OS It should must have 4.1 Jelly Bean out of the box. It is quite dissapointing. Hope jelly bean update should have been ready after some time period. Talk Time 2G: 23 hrs; 3G: 20 hrs and Non Stop Music Playback for 86 hrs 3450 mAh Battery is a beast. It could easily live for upto 2 days continous regular use. This is a must in this age of smartphones as it is a big issue of concern. 1 GHz Dual Core Processor at this price it is perfect for day to day operations 4.3-inch qHD IPS Capacitive Touchscreen This screen size and resolution is perfect for a low range entry level smartphone. Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB Internal 4gb is not an issue at this price Dual SIM (GSM + GSM) a necessary feature nowadays. 512MB RAM- I think it should be 768MB or 1 GB. Not satisfied. but for entry level users not an issue PowerVR SGX 531, 21 Million Triangles/sec This is one of the most efficient chipsets and No other phone can give it at this price. Price Rs.8999 - As far as price is concerned it should be around 7-8K but I dont think that this is a poor price but if you want it ta a less cost you can wait for a month or two. If you compare this with canvas 2 , you should definitely go for this , as canvas 2 has too many bugs and low resolution than this. I am giving it 4 stars because of No Jelly Bean Out of the box and low RAM (512MB) At Rs.8999 you cant get more than this If you are an entry level user you should definitely go for it.
For this price B700 is an amazing purchase. The battery backup is excellent. I bought it a month ago and haven't faced any problem yet. Very happy with the phone and impressively good Flipkart service :)
Imagine you are getting a battery life more than Samsung Note 2 ! with this price, this is more than enough what you are getting with a superb 36 hours long battery under full usage with wifi and 2G with double sim. Amazing screen resolution and super soft sensitivity Comparing to more costly phones from micromax and samsung, it has all the things ditto same in android, then why pay more for brand and hardware ONLY This is truly value for money fone. Go for this, use it for say 18 months, and shift to latest technology, coz technology never lasts more than 10 months, however costly it is. Why waste money in depreciation of technology ?? In short, it is a worth buying phone at just 8999, great hardware and looks !
Didn't buy this product from Flipkart though. Using this product for 1 week now and have charged only 3 times even though after heavy usage what we usually do after getting a new handset :) I hate when ppl give feedback without using the device and just on specs. So sharing my experience with XOLO B700 with u all. Call clarity is good. The battery never gets 100% charged even when charging with power off. When I switch it on it shows 98%. When the battery shows 15% left, it stays there for 8-10 hours even if I make some calls, surf etc. Not sure if there is any calibration issue or not but I love this feature to start the day with 15% left and in the evening also it shows 15% :) For landscape photography the camera is good and also once the snap is taken it's ready for the next shot in no time but takes a lot of time to focus properly. The flash is useless. Cannot get detail if the object is even 1 foot away. Though at this price range such features are rare. Sound quality if speaker/head phones are average. They supply white ear phone, charger with black handset :P Found no issues with WIFI or bluetooth. After registering the product I tend to get CHINESE text msgs with offers not sure why... (i guess this proves this is chinese product assembled in india) Brightness is ok and low as compared to Galaxy s1. It's a bit heavy due to the battery but it's ok for me to get the feeling that something is there in the pocket. Pros: hats off to the battery. Touch response is very good. Display is also good. Played Games without any sort of issues. Cons: Camera is awefull very poor, takes a lot of time to focus, poor picture quality in low light. No physical button for HOME which is very irritating to unlock the screen by pressing the POWER button at the top. Reaching there is difficult. I'm not a power user so I guess the battery on avg will last for 3 days. Overall I am very satisfied with this phone till now and with this price range. Not sure about the After Sales support though :(
Hi......... i bought the phone from flipkart and got it delivered on 5 april.......and after that using it.... phone looks really gr8......all other things are already mentioned by other........... GPS is A-GPS and works fine but only 2d...... phone storage is 2GB not 4GB....... Internal memory is 503 Mb........ Ram is 473 mb out which about 230 mb is free out of the box...... Battery could last around 8-9 hrs on 2g internet usage......... could last aroun 60 hrs on music through earphone............ sound quality of earphone is good.......... Games like temple run 2, Destroy gunners, GTA tank works without any lag......... In the starting, i got very less battery backup than i wrote to flipkart's customer care and they said that charge it around 8-9 hrs before first time use.........and then charge it fully for 3-4 times after complete discharge........and i found this really works.......battery life increased........... however drivers are not avialable but than also it can be connected to PCs for storage and net access.................... To access net using this phone...........follow the steps(for win 7) 1. onnect ur phone to ur Pc.... 2. Turn off usb storage..... 3. Go to settings and then more... below Data Usage...........than select Tethering & portable hotspot and then select USB tethering.......u r ready to access net using this phone............... to increase up the downloading speed,...............select Data prefer in GPRS transfer prefer mode covered under more... option in setting.......... camera is goood............led flash is also goood............ Could take up 4-4.5 hrs to complete charge............ Has all the sensors mentioned on this site.......... Overall a reallly good phone...............best phone within 9k in terms of battery and performance.................. bur if ur budget is 10k then also see Salora powermaxx........as it also has almost same features but zero air gap technology is used to make display more better and is a bit larger than this as it has 4.5".........battery is off 3200 mah with new generation cells and metallic body..........8mp rear camera and 1.3 mp front cam.............. for 9k go for this phone.....................
I am using this phone from last 3 days and I am not disappointed by it . Pro: Battery is amazing. Under 10k (Rest same as spec.) Con: No hotswap support for mircoSD A bit heavy No special key for cam 512 MB Ram is no enough Go for it! Its truly value for money android phone.
i just received the phone and as it looks the main plus point is the battery but there is a bug in the phone the gps doesnt work at all so you are left with mobile network for your position i am still talking with the xolocare to see if it is only with my phone or is it with all xolo b700. if anyone else has the same phone kindly test it by switching off all other location options and see if some kind of gps lock is acheived. Else install gps esentials and see if it can see any satellites. Otherwise camera is average and doesn not perform well in low light conditions and the app memorey is only 512 mb whic is less. Other wise the phone works without any lag and the speakers are loud. Lets see if xolo resolves the gps problem
Hi Guys. I had great expectations from Xolo when they proudly claimed that it is a premier smartphone brand, but trust me it isn't. The phones are cheap. Although feature rich, the quality of components is cheap. My phone's earpiece gave up in the very first month of use and what to say about the service. There are no service centers, instead you have to call the customer care and they pick up your phone from home and get it dropped once repaired. Sounds good right? That is one of the reasons why I bought Xolo. but as it turns out, the service experience is horrendous. You complain about the phone, they say the phone would get picked in a day and even within 2 hours. You rush things up and pack it up. The phone gets picked up after 4 days and stays in the service center for a month. after shouting at the customer care execs a million times the phone is finally returned in exactly the same condition as it was sent in. What to say. you wouldn't send it for service again because you never know if they will return it or not!! There are no deadlines, no customer satisfaction, nothing. Please don't waste your money. Buy Nokia, samsung, sony or any other known brand. Don't ever buy Xolo.
PROS: 1) Battery is amazing suitable for travellers 2) fone is quite ergonomic while using which is goood 3) has all type of sensors required in a android fone 4) decent camera for this price range CONS: 1) it has bluetooth 2.1 which is outdated 2) it has poor front facing camera 3) high SAR value 4) quite thick bcoz of huge battery VERDICT: can go with this fone but Sony Xperia E is better but has 3.2 megapixel camera
xolo has very less service centres in india. and if you contact them regarding your xolo mobile problem, they will send your phone to mumbai. after repairing your phone will reach you after 1 month. NO RESPONSIBLE SERVICE FROM XOLO. i am a xolo b700 customer. I BOUGHT IT BEFORE 1 YEAR.that time it was very nice battery perfomance was very good. but later it is proved that " I MADE IN CHINA". so think before buy it.
I've purchased this mobile on 3rd april, 2013. no lags till date. I've dropped ma mobile quite a few times. say like from 2-3 feet high. but this is solid as a rock. screen resolution is good compared to other mobiles with this budget. and back to the battery backup. everyone is amazed. it lasts like 3-4 days with average usage.
BULL SHIT........... I BOUGHT ON APRIL 10th 2013.. NOW THE BATTERY SWELLED SINCE LAST ONE MONTH... AND IMMEDIATLY SHUTDOWNS WHEN WE ARE USING HIGH POWER CONSUMPTION APPS..... LIKE 3G,WHEN WATCHING VIDEOS..... EVEN NOW IAM IN WARENTY... WENT TO REPLACE THE BATTERY... SERVICE CENTRE PERSON TOLD ACCESSORIES WARENTY ON 6 MONTHS..... HE IS ASKING 1000/- FOR NEW BATTERY.... UNTIL NOVEMBER EVERYTHING IS FINE AND IT IS AWESOME PHONE.... BUT AFTER THE BATTERY SWELLED NOW EVERYTHING IS SHIT......
Super phone no need to explain.. 2.5 Days battery backup on roughly use ! I am using this super class gaming and vdo
Had beenusing this phone from the last 6 months,being a new smartphone user loved the experience.No such issues with the phone,worked quite well as per as my expectations,but a few weeks back i managed to crack the screen in an accident,since then been facing hardship & hurdles from the service centers,only 1 servicing center in Kolkata,that too is outsourced by a local company BRG,they asked for 4k to replace the screen on this 8k phone & asked me to wait till they arrange an engg to look into my set,they havn't yet informed me anything as such & a friend of mine has got that mended in 5 days time with an expense of 1200. I loved the experience of this gadget & recommeded a few of my friends the same,but the servicing of Xolo has let me down,will definately not look for a Xolo next onn.
this mobile is too heavy as compared to other mobiles...battery life is good but weight make it a burden to handle with such size screen..good luck XOLO for next mobiles...
Xolo phone is bakwas phone please don't buy..Bcz I am facing problem with the handset last three months..And the costomer centre and services,,Usase bhi jada bakwas hai..So request you please dont buy any of xolo products
dear frinds...plezz xolo company ka koi bhi mob. mat lijiye agar aapke mob. me kuch problem aaya to company k service bahot hi bakwas hai...mere mob. me problem aaya 1 mnth se company k pass pada hai lekin kuch bhi reply nahi aaya
Hi, I am Vignesh from Coimbatore. First up, this is my first android phone and it has been a week since I got it. I was in a fix to choose between Nokia Lumia 520 and Xolo B700. The 3450 maH Battery lured my towards it and guess what, I am more than satisfied with my decision. Pros: 1) Battery lasts for 2-2.5 days under normal use(which is brilliant for a smart phone). 2) Interface is user-friendly( I don't know much about the operating systems but I like it), 3) Display is extraordinary and has awesome viewing angle. Much better than Lumia 520. 4) No lag whatsoever. I have been running Temple run alongside music and downloads. Not even a hint of lag. 5) It supports high end games like NFS MW 2012. 6) Touch sensitivity is good(not great). 7) Easy to handle and use. Cons: 1) The phone is quite heavy. 2) Takes 4-5 hours for full charge. 3) Ear piece clarity is not good. 4) 5mp Camera does its job, but not so great at low lights. 5) Flip Cover is not available. I have searched for hours in all websites. The only thing which I feel is bad in this phone is its voice clarity. Its quite difficult to hear in crowded places. I can live with the rest, so I'd give this phone a 4.5/5. Rounding it off. its going to be 5/5.
Xolo B700.. awesome handset... Even though it is 1Ghz dual core with 512 mb ram... it never lags. I play Frontline Commando very often, it never freezes at all. I had purchased this handset for battery life because my work involves a lot of talks and emails, and believe me, it had exceeded my expectations. Dint expect so much from this handset as it is a low end phone, but I am sure, it will perform just like other high end phones with quad core processors. This handset lasts more than a day with heavy usage...and almost 2 days with normal usage with both SIM's On. standbuy time is great... Very much satisfied with this handset. Looking for another Xolo B700 but unfortunately it is not available anymore :( 5 stars to Xolo B700...
I bought this mobile for 8200 in maniacstore 4 months ago ...when i bought this mobile it was a best one for the price i paid .. most branded phones had very less features compared with this phone(at that time ) the material is plastic but it is not so cheap .. but its heavier than most smartphones because of huge battery .. and main cons of most android phones is battery backup and this phone lasts for 7 days easily with average use like texting , calling(2 hours daily) , little bit email and facebook checking .. if u play games , videos , active gps , bluetooth ,for entire day etc., it will stay long for one day only BUT THIS PHONE DIDN"T SWITCHED OFF AUTOMATICALLY .. it will give you battery low message but it will stay on for 6 or more hours even after that battery low messages ... some people complain about no service centres .. yes no service centres but they have a policy of picking up your mobile phone for repair(within warranty) at your doorstep .... but ofcourse it will take average of ten days to get your phone back .. a good phone to have main advantage is battery ..... for average user it will last for 7 days easily ..
its totally wasting ur money in my experience am telling ... dont buy dont buy dont buy .... pls dont buy mobile and handset from xolo worst product i ever seen ..... money waste time waste totally waste and very poor plastic has been used for cases.... camera quality also waste
i m use in one month good mobile battery life is ok full charge in one day normal use. back camera is very nice 5mp parfact not bad same time heat in mobile but not effact its ok i feel in 1gp ram yes this mobile 512mp
XOLO phones are really cool.... i had a samsung and switched to XOLO and ordered 4rm flipkart.. no regrets with what i got... Best battery ever... Android v4.0.4 (Ice Cream Sandwich) OS 1 GHz Dual Core Processor Wi-Fi Enabled Talk Time 2G: 23 hrs; 3G: 20 hrs and Non Stop Music Playback for 86 hrs Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB 4.3-inch qHD IPS Capacitive Touchscreen 5 MP Primary Camera and 0.3 MP Secondary Camera definitely a good buy
Best phone...wow superb graphics,processor speed,camera, amazing....in one words wow no hanging at all battery is superb..i am using it no problem at all i will give 5 star...great product better than micromax products,,,,,,,excellent keep it up xolo
The phone is great on performance and it got my needs..The screen quality is pretty good and camera good in day conditions in low light condition it takes decent pics..i go for it for the BATTERY..on the battery it not bad..i get 3+ days on average usage..gaming work good..Then u got 450mb to install apps...so u should move apps to sd card..There is 2gb internal memory,but u couldn't move apps to that phone memory..u should have sd card...front vga camera only...skype works fine.. Ear-peace quality not very nice..u couldn't hear in loudly conditions...Micro phone is average..it's just get u r needs...gps works fine..Screen quality very nice...The pixel density plays good...Then flipkart service got worse...it took 2 days to conform and 5 days to send.....The jb update chance is very low..because xolo released q700...i love the phone..
I've now owned this phone for 3 weeks and everything works as advertised. The battery is huge and thus you can get through an entire day with intense usage (GPS/Wifi/3G/Gaming) without worry. The phone is quite responsive and can run most games (not HD). The screen is decent but does get quite washed out outdoors under the sun. My biggest problem with the phone is the headphone jack (outlet). The phone can play music fine through the default headphones whose jack has 3 rings (left.right channel and mic) but if you want to plug it into a music system through the normal aux cable that has only 2 rings (left,right channel)it won't work. The phone either outputs some wierd distortion or doesn't detect that a headphone is plugged in. I have given the phone for service as well as get a replacement from Flipkart and the problem persists. If you can live with the above problem then this phone is one of the best options under 10k.
The phones are of very cheap quality... also the company has no servoce centre. in case of defect you will have send their office and they will take several weeks to return it. horrible epxriance i had with xolo people. no systems no processes. if u buy xolo phone. just have alternative phone..
Xolo B700 is a good Phone except the battery backup, as it doesnot last more than two days, and had manufacturing defects ( LED Light remains ON ) so I raised a complaint and after a lot of trouble from XOLO service care, finally got the refund from Flipkart. Thanks to Flipkart.
damdaar power qHD 960x540 IPS (In-Plane Switching) panel - 16 million colours video recording : HD -720p photography : 5MP with FLASH (LED) you can make video calls too 1 Ghz dual core processor (probably MT6577) GPU: PowerVR SGX531 (is better than adreno 200) 512 MB RAMAndroid v4.0.4 (Ice Cream Sandwich) OS It should must have 4.1 Jelly Bean out of the box. It is quite dissapointing. Hope jelly bean update should have been ready after some time period. Talk Time 2G: 23 hrs; 3G: 20 hrs and Non Stop Music Playback for 86 hrs 3450 mAh Battery is a beast. It could easily live for upto 2 days continous regular use. This is a must in this age of smartphones as it is a big issue of concern.
Customer demand only and only battery backup in any Android smart phone, Xolo B700 have answer to all battery backup related issues. This handset is specially made for Above average users. after heavy use (3g, and WIFI) still remaining around 25% battery remaining till 10 PM. please go for this handset. I have great experience to this handset. *smart screen resolution qHD IPS display in 4.3 inch screen. *Android 4.0(ICS), might be possible upgrade 4.1(JB) *Ram- 512 (472 usable) *No leg issue. *CPU- Media Tek M66577 (Dual core)ARM Cortex- A9 Processor *GPU- PowerVR SGX 531, *camera quality is good, real 5mp pixels, *Games run easily like- Dead Trigger, Temple run Oz, FRONTLINE COMMANDO: D-DAY,SHADOWGUN, Brotherhood of Violence,Modern Combat 3: Fallen Nation.
It's great that flipkart has replacement policy... I got fed up of the phone when the GPS and camera stopped functioning. Thank god I have a return option. I am getting back my money so that i can buy something more productive. The battery doesn't matter even if its 3500 mAh it only goes around for 2 days. that too if the phone doesn't restart.
i got this phone after 6 REPLACEMENTS from flipkart, its been 2 weeks im using it. Most reviews on flipkart are hands on review, but not mine. I bought lava irish 501, xolo a800, but i got them replaced and refunded the money from flipkart and finally got my xolo b700. The best part of this phone is 1) Battery 2) Display 3) SOUND , i think this has the best loud speaker among andriod phones 4) Build is superb, you wont feel its some cheap device. rest is same as other phones of this range, a little dissatisfied with the not so good quality camera, but the camera at this range is same in all the devices, xolo a800 was better and lava irish 501 had better micro focus. Another disappointment is that there is no flip cover available for this set :( Buy it, its worth buying, very good for those who travel a lot.
Good phone with good battery.No problem of hanging till now.All the basic features of Android OS are present except few ones. No available software of Xolo B700 is there to Syn with computer. You have to download from the available softwares.You can not customize it 100% according to your choice. Overall worth buying
excellent graphics and battery life is not good even though it has heavy battery. except that everything is fine. I played temple run oz, highway rider. excellent graphics and touch response is very good. App can be moved to external memory reader you need to have a app for that. Overall awesome beast from xolo. expect more and better cheaper phones from xolo with intel processor will be better.
Quadrant Benchmark 2548 I first thought the phone would be very thick and heavy for the 3450 mAH battery. But turns out this phone not as thick as you may be lead to think. No lag in UI. Battery dropped from 28 % to 17 % after 2g internet usage of 90 minutes.
I am disappointed to see there's no internal memory of four GB as per claims. Instead two GB and even that is not accessible. And where is GPU ? The battery doesn't last full one day, all tasks running.
HI i m planning to gift this phone to someone special, that's why i request Mr. Nusrat Ali...to please post in hand review of the phone soon.... though everybody is saying only good thing about this phone...but is this brand is reliable .....thank you all....
I just recieved the xolo B700 and it looks like galaxy S2 in appearing and I will post a full review of this one in few hours as iam staring to use it.Unfortunately I have not found the device driver to connect to system.Actual rating will be given after using it.
