MOBDDB8HYXJDA7GK
just buy it.... scratch resistant glass VERY LOUD SPEAKER 1500 MAH battery 512 mb ram 800 mhz processor Android 4.0 YOu won't get these features at any branded smartphone at these price......................
@nishanth: no offence but how can u even think of comparing galaxy Y with Tipo. Tipo runs android 4.0 vs. 2.3 of GAlaxy Y, has a 3.2" HVGA display vs. 3.0" QVGA, has 512MB RAM vs. 290MB, has a Adreno200 GPU (SGY doesn't have one), has 2.5 gigs of internal memory vs. 190MB of SGY, a 1500Mah battery vs. 1200Mah and a 3.2MP camera vs. 2.0MP of the galaxy Y. Acc. to me its presently a steal deal due to its low price.
About the phone: Well this phone is a steal for the price we get it. Android ICS, great speaker output, good feel while holding in the hand and great battery life. About Sony: I hear people still saying that Sony is not good at mobiles because of the joystick and keypad problems they had with the old generation Sony Ericsson phones. But believe me guys, the XPERIA range is in a separate league of its own. No flaws here. In-fact these phones have one of the best touch screens among all. So go for it and feel the difference.
Guys this phone packs with the premium ANDROID ICS software,and comes with all that funky sony stuffs. The touchscreen is just mindblowing,the music is fabulous,camera is good but not the best. As always Sony does it, this boy comes in a premium sony design. Very comfortable in hands and I think 1gb internal storage for these kinds phones is more than enough. U get a micro sd card slot expansion for upto 32 gigs and Sony gets u an online storage of 50gb for lifetime. U also get an free screen protector from Sony Unlike Samsung sony gets an update of 4.1 for this buddy boy later this year because as we noticed an entire sony 2011 smartphone line up got an update to ICS. Guys I found many of them complaining about the battery issues and heating of the mobile. I would like to advice all of you to use this app battery power saver recommended by Sony,the app tells you on how you can consume Your phones battery wisely and prevent unnecessary heating of the phone. Guys I can say just go for it!!!!!!!!!!!
First of all, i don't want to compare this sony phone with some plastic toys available with big screen and 1ghz processors.. It's like comparing mercedes with maruti suzuki...LOL!! Sony,Samsung,Htc,LG,Motorola...thats enough,trust me guys you will regret sooner or later buying the others. Pros. 1) It is the only smartphone under 12k having ICS.(As i told you earlier toys not considered..only smartphones).It is always good to have the latest platform. 2)A good display with a pixel density of 180ppi..means sharper display,and personally from sony's display is far better than it's competitors. well the rest specs are more over common.. Now regarding some concerns shown in one of the reviews 1) 800 Mhz processor-enough to run ics? In fact yes. ICS is lighter than GB..Check the latest phones, hTC desire c is clocked at 600Mhz.Moreover,a phone is not run only buy a processor.Each and every semiconductor is contributing and that is where your toys fails to deliver. 2)No 4 inch screen?????LOL!!!From what i seen in flipkart LG optimus black is the cheapest android with a 4 inch screen which costs 17k..(No toys!!!) 3)Regarding Internal memory....TOTAL memory is 2.9gb in which 2.5 is user accessible,which is more than enough to install hundreds of apps.. Now comparing with the other phones currently available in market , most of it's competitors are outdated phones'released before an year or more(Explorer,xperia mini,ace etc).It is always good to buy the latest , whatever gadget u are buying. Defy mini is a good one,which is water and dust resistant and have front cam..but lacks ics. So my word...Go for it..
I brought this phone on last sunday 16/9 (not from flipkart) The touch screen is defective in phone is not working all time. (say 25% time it dose not respond) Shown to dealer, he send it to service center. In service center i noticed 4 such phones lying for the same touch problem. PLEASE VERIFY TOUCH SCREEN FOR ITS FUNCTIONALITY BEFORE YOU BUY FROM A DEALER. AS THE PHONE IS NEW, SONY HAS ALSO NOT UPGRADED ITS SYSTEM TO REPLACE DEFECTIVE PHONES. THEY ARE STILL WORKING ON IT. Overall the phone is really good under 10K.
I bought my sony xperia tipo off flipkart as soon as it came out, as I was extremely excited about it. It is my first smartphone. I bought a 32gb San Disk MicroSD card too since i like my music and sitcoms. Anyway, it worked absolutely beautifully for about 4 weeks or so when it suddenly started giving me huge problems.. The phone would hang once everyday, which could be solved temporarily by taking out the battery, placing it back and turning it on, but after a week my it completely gave up and would hang at the "SONY" start-up screen itself. I deposited my phone to the Authorized Service Centre in Lajpat Nagar, New Delhi, where they upgraded its software and the phone was partially resurrected but only briefly for a period of 4 days when again it started giving even bigger problems. The Music Library and both the Photo Galleries were suddenly gone. The phone refused to read my SD card, which was functioning perfectly fine as i checked it on another device. The problem was clearly with the phone. The service staff was utterly dumbfounded and had no idea why this happened. Their only diagnosis was to replace the phone's Motherboard with a new one (which had a different IMEI numb er too). As I had no other choice i agreed. After a period of nine days I was texted to come and collect the phone. And remarkably even with a NEW MOTHERBOARD, the phone again REFUSED to read data on the SD card! Both the Xperia gallery as well as the android gallery crashed within seconds and I could not access my music library at all, as Music would "Not Respond". I've tried changing it to MSC from MTP (as was suggested on a forum), but without any success. The most annoying thing is that it has completely ruined my delightful experience of whatsapp and facebook and a host of other apps where you can share photos. I'm EXTREMELY DISSATISFIED with the product, which worked oh-so-perfectly for one month, i was absolutely in love with it.. But these headaches are proving to be too much. The One Year Warranty is utterly laughable to say the least. Sony should be SUED for selling such a defective piece at such a large scale! This phone is UTTER GARBAGE. Plan to sell it off and keep the SD card, use it on a better phone. Never buying Sony again. Steer WELL CLEAR of this product. It'll work perfectly for some time, but inevitably will fail.
Specific absorption rate (SAR) is a measure of the rate at which energy is absorbed by the body when exposed to a radio frequency (RF) electromagnetic field. Now, Let me explain it more clearly for you :) It is something that denotes the exposure to RF. FCC analysed and fixed a specific MAXIMUM value of SAR which is permitted and the value is 1.6W/kg. And if you notice, SAR value for TIPO is 1.62W/kg which is exceeded the permissible limit. Just google the effect of radiation and importance of SAR, I am sure you will explore more. Like every developed country, in India, everything is written with pen in paper. But, we, fool Indians read everything, understand everything and ignore everything :) My sincere request to all of you, open your Eyes before you buy a single product like Sony Xperia Tipo ...
its a welcome Mobile... 4 guys who are entering world of smartfone at the basic pric of 9k Pros. 1) smartphone @9k having latest android ICS 4.0 2) sony's gifts a better display as compared to others. 3) a cloud space of 50 gb make you connected with world of songs... and 2.2 gb for apps ... with 32GB Expandable... wht else you need reviews 1) 800 Mhz processor-enough to run ics. Designed to give to best pesformance without trouble. 2)3.2" screen better than galxy y... should rather not compare with galaxy as its a jerk (had it earlier) 3)memory no issue.. with clouds 4)good camera in its range 3.2mp (w/o flash) 5) battery last for 1.5 days ... with (2hrs internet, 2hrs gaming, 1.5hr of calls and 2hr for setting and clicking fotos) thats best of it sony well known for sound, touch quality, and camera Now comparision with other phones currently available, most of it's competitors are outdated phones'with android 2.3 .It is always good to buy the latest , whatever gadget u are buying. Cons 1) heating problem Sar 1.62. at time of charging and while usile it for 2-3 hrs comtinously 2) and screen seems small while typing message So my word...Go for it.. if you want big deal in less than 10k
Its the best phone in its categorie as compared to Samsung Galaxy Y ,Htc Explorer and LG Optimus L3 Processor Samsung-832mhz Htc-600mhz Lg-800mhz sony-800mhz scorpian Well sony wins but not by much margin. Camera Samsung-2mp Htc-3mp but not so good Lg-3mp but as worst as a VGA Sony-3.2 mp good camera Sony Wins. Memory (RAM) Samsung- 300mb htc-512 Lg-345 Sony-512 Well here theres a tie in Htc and Sony UI- Samsung-Touchwiz Htc-Htc sense 3.5 Lg-Optimus3.0 Sony-Timescape Well here htc 3.5 is got a little old and theres a tie in Samsung and Sony Graphics Samsung-none Htc-Adreno 200 Lg-none Sony-Adreno 200 Screen size and resolution Samsung-3 inch 320x240 Htc-3.2 inch 320x480 Lg-3.2 inch 240x320 Sony-3.2 inch 320x480 So here theres a tie in Htc and sony Android Version Samsung-2.3.5 Gingerbread Htc-2.3.6 Gingerbread Lg-2.3.6 Gingerbread Sony-4.0.4 ICS So here Sony wins So here we can conclude Can Go for Htc if range is under Rs8500 and if under 10k definetaly Xperia Tipo..
I am using this Phone(Xperia Tipo) for One week.. >Pros... * Touch Is Very GOOD,(Better than Samsung Galaxy Ace). * Interface is Smooth Enough, Nice Experience. * looks are new n Good. * Great Battery LIFE.. * Loud Sound (xLOUD feature). * Good Display. * Runs 3D games(Temple Run, Racing Moto etc. smoothly), only if your ram is free enough. * Timescape- Friends & Share. * You Tube is very fast (on wifi). * Best In its Price. * Android 4.0 (ICS) Is Nice. >Cons... * Camera is disappointing, not Good Enough. * Provided Headset are Good but not Best. ** if u want to run heavy applications and huge multitasking better u go for better processor n RAM ** This phone is Best In this Price. IF u want A Best ANDROID n low budget GO For This Phone. Thumps UP for Sony Xperia TIPO.
The mobile is truly outstanding. The music quality is excellent. It supports standard mp3 and also losless codecs like flac (to my surprise). The touch is also very smooth. I whole heartedly recommend it.
Hi, I bought this product from flipkart. It was working fine for a few days but suddenly some noise disturbance started occuring while making calls. The noise increased gradually to the point i cant even hear anything, other than the noise, while making calls. I complained to flipkart. They replaced it with a new one. The new one was working fine until today. Suddenly the touch is not working properly. I couldnt even type messages with it. I am totally fed up with this product. Please dont waste your money in this thinking that it is cheap and best. Better buy quality products from other brands.....
Hello all, there is lot many useless discussion abt sar value and touchscreen. Earlier phones were with problems of touch, they are solved by the patch at service centre. Now sar there are 2 norm abot sar. Europian and us. India is following us. Europian limit is 2. And us is 1.6. But both are different. One is for 10g and one is for 1g. Sony clearly mentioned it is according to eu norms. After convertiing it to us norms, sar of tipo is 1.2. Just google it u will know. Every thing is fine. Blindly go for the product.
Sony Experia is definitely worth the money .. May be much more than that .. It has a lot of awesome features going for it - Android ICS , Scratch resistant Glass , Fast response powered by its 800 Mhz processor , etc .. The only downside is the low resolution display (good enough for the price) . Power users can face battery issues and some of the inbuilt apps need to be updated for use ... Go for it .. Its a Poor Man's Sony Experia SL ..
Have been using this phone since last week and it is a decent buy if you are looking for under 10k phone with android ICS . Pros: 1. Touchscreen is really nice, better than samsung galaxy ace 2. Display quality is good 3. Performance is good 4. Graphics and UI animations are nice 5. Speaker output is good with xLoud feature 6. Good build quality. Feels comfortable in hand Cons: 1. Camera picture quality is ok. No autofocus 2. Bit of lag when running heavy games
As wee all know that the Sony Xperia is a very expensive mobile nut nowadays Sony is launching affordable mobiles. Sony Xperia Tipo is one of them. It is a great mobile phone for music lovers and game lovers. Its 800 MHz processor is awesome. It has separate GPU unit i.e. Adreno GPU 200. Moreover ICS at such an affordable price............I must say that Its a Great Phone @ Great Price.
Flipkart delivered it within 5 days as it was not in stock. They did speed the delivery on my request. About the phone well each paisa you spend on it is worth it. Processor, Internal memory, screen, ICS, great touch, camera works good under light but not the best. I had problem with my charger though, which I gave it to the service center and got it replaced. So just look out for this. I strongly recommend this phone if you have a tight budget and want to own an android ICS.
Good bye samsung.....here comes the sony.....now who needs samsung when sony is there..guys go for it...its stylish, its cute, it performs well, and last but not least its sony better than other..than why y ????......i give it 4/5 coz every one knows sony after sale service is bad..but for product 5/5....worth the money.....
I'm a big fan of Sony mobiles, but this has been a disappointment. The touch screen is pretty lousy and very error-prone to use. The phone comes pre-installed with a lot of crapware apps. Beware of sync failures with your google account. This is commonly caused by syncing of the contacts info. I couldn't resolve it yet. The wireless has stopped functioning now - I don't know the problem, probably will have to reset the phone. The basic function of the phone is to make phone calls (at least imho :)) , but this phone does a bad job of finding numbers and contacts - very user-unfriendly. I remember sony phones as being easiest to dial number by either typing the numbers or letters of the contact. Sadly that's one feature that I miss the most in the current crop of Sony phones
Before writing a review one thing I must clear that the Pros & Cons written here is totally unbiased. Tipo has android V4 (Sandwich) & Explorer has Android V3 (Gengerbird). Tipo has 800 MHz Qualcomm Scorpion & Explore has 600 MHz Qualcomm Scorpion. Graphics are same Adreno 200 Tipo has Display features such as Scratch-resistant, Handwriting Recognition, Gesture Support No such features in Explorer Tipo has Li-Ion, 1500 mAh Battery & Explorer has Li-Ion, 1230 mAh Battery. Tipo has 2.5 GB inbuilt memory whereas Explores has only 90 MB Tipo has xLOUD Audio Filter Technology & Explorer has SRS Surround Sound. Tipo has 3.2 MP Camera & Explorer has 3 MP Camera Rest all features are almost same... my point of view suggests that tipo is ar ahead from explorer in most of the specifications. U can go For Sony Tipo
Guys the SAR value recently made mandatory by govt is 1.6 watt/kg (averaged over 1g of human tissue) whereas this mobile handset has SAR value 1.6 watt/kg (averaged over 10g of human tissue) which complies with the SAR value limited by ICNIRP that is 2 watt/kg (averaged over 10g of human tissue). I hope i have cleared your this doubt.
The SAR value of this phone is very high...1.62w/kg... Phones having high radiation absorption rates are not recommendable. So while checking configuration of phone have a look into the SAR value also.
First handset- Pathetic touchscreen. Second handset (got a replacement) - batteries go dead after first charging. This one had a lagging touch in the five min that I tested it in the shop but was willing to accept it given many more such reviews. Third handset (got a second replacement) - again batteries go dead after first charging. But without the memory card and SIM card in the phone, it charged well. May be one should not insert memory card before the basic setup is done with the setup guide app on the phone. Touch is smooth. TOUCHSCREEN: When you test the phone in the shop, test the touchscreen. I suggest three tests to be done. 1) Try typing a message using the keypad. In the first two handsets that I received I had to touch some keys several times to get the letter on. 2) Test the touch-to-drag function. On the homescreen, you can touch a shortcut or a widget for sometime. It gets a green hatched box around it and vibrates. At this time you can just drag it across the screen or even drag it to another of the five homescreens. This function was not possible in my first two handsets. Being a first time user of android phones/ touchphones/ smartphones, it took my friends to tell me that. 3) Using the pattern lock. For unlocking the homescreen, there is a pattern lock option where you need to draw a design. The touch function failed in the first mobile in my case. I have personally found a failure rate of 66%. But Sony should do an audit themselves before they market this model aggressively. The third one is smooth as ice-cream like the other reviewers who liked the touchscreen say. So my conclusion is if the touchscreen works, it is heaven, else it is frustrating. Tipo seems to have a very variable quality touchscreen. Try using the above tests before you buy. ------- OLD REVIEW REPEATED VERBATIM BELOW ---------- Rating: Looks - 5/5 Weight - 5/5 Camera - 1/5 (Very Poor) A-GPS - 5/5 Net connectivity - (both GPRS and Wi-Fi )- 4/5 (no major problems after it took sometime to detect my home broadband/ Wi-Fi connection) General speed - 3.5/5 Pricing - 4/5 (may be it should be around 8 - 8.5k and more people will go for it). My first smartphone. Got the navy blue handset from a Sony Authorised dealer in Pondicherry for Rs 9500/-. It won my heart the very first day when I saw it at the showroom (a few days after it was made available in this city). It has wonderful Sony quality music. Crystal clear music. The set comes with a regular headset which is required for FM - you may use loudspeakers though if you do not want to stick it in your ears. Getting used to the touchscreen is tough - I thought I had got a defective piece when I had to struggle to swipe and unlock the screen, but my friends who are smartphone users could do it with ease. [I am a newbie, remember]. There is a bit of a delay in changing from one screen to another or when one opens an app, but I am told these are common to all Android phones to varying degrees. But it is a bit irritating. A-GPS is wonderful - giving your location to within 5 meters. Voice navigation works wonderfully well - I tried it on known routes of course, but it does give you an advanced notice that you need to take a turn. There are few good apps already loaded. But Angry Birds (which I thought was a sine qua non of smartphones) is conspicuous by its absence. Of course the free version is available from Google Play. The touchscreen is a bit difficult to adjust to as it is small and one needs to learn it. Using it in landscape mode helps a bit. It is easier to speak out your sms and it types with relatively little errors as the language is set to Indian English by default. I could send a few sms that way. Camera (though 3.15 MP) is a major drawback as it is said very clearly in all tech review sites. I would say it is as clear as 1.5 to 2 MP camera - that's it. So if you are keen on a good camera - avoid this phone ! The box had a screen guard. Sadly my box does not have the "50 GB lifetime cloud space free" - so I felt a bit let down after hearing of it from elsewhere - remember to ask for yours ! This is my review after one day's use - will give another one after a few weeks.
I bought this damn phone just before 4 months from flip kart, just after one month hangs and crashes occurred, When i was trying to open the camera from the lock mode, it would show an error message , Camera Stopped working , you tube , mail , g mail and all other useful application was crashing still crashing and now am not able to make call with this damn phone , I have lost all my money to buy this damn phone ,now the touch is not working properly , back button got disabled , CRASHES, HANGS ,WORST PHONE I EVER HAD, Nokia 1100 was good , at least I could call and text using that ordinary Phone , PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Don't go for this damn Phone , you will deffently throw away this phone or will give this to children to play SEVEN STONES
I am using Sony Xperia Tipo (Single SIM) for last 8 days. Here is my review: Pros: 1. Smooth touch. 2. Lots of inbuilt apps and widgets 3. Android 4.04 4. Internal Memory of 2.5 GB 5. Great Music experience. 6. Inbuilt Graphics. 7. Nice wi-fi speed. 8. Best display quality. Cons: 1. Poor camera quality. Its 3.2 MP on paper but it actually works like 2.0 or 1.5 2. Screen size should have been 3.5 inches. 3. Messaging is not so user friendly. (Adding recipient s in irritating) 4. “Back” button (which is capacitive touch button) does not work at times. You have to press it 2-3 times to force it to work. 5. Headset quality is good when you use it for music. But when I attend the calls using headset, I have to hear my own voice:-/ 6. Placing your SIM into SIM socket in easier but removing it is not. (I had to use screw driver :D) Few tips: 1. Charge your Tipo with charger that comes with box. Charging with USB is not advisable because it takes 4-6 hours to fully charge the battery. But charging with charger is much quicker. Also lauch the app LiveWire when charging. It boosts the speed. 2. Do install an efficient task manager & anti virus. @Devanjali : I have played only 2 games on my tipo so far. “Temple run” & “where is my water”. And both work smooth like butter and without lag. I think you are running low on RAM. Inbuilt graphics, RAM & processor are enough to play “Temple run”. Pressing back button does not kill or shut the app. Long press Home Button and all apps will be shown. Touch & slide to shut those properly. Hope this will end your problem.
I bought this phone on last Friday, though not from flipkart, but used flipkarts resources to compare n check its specifications. Its a superb phone for with Android 4.0 (ICS), 512mb ram and 2.5gb internal memory ( about 1.5gb user available ) and the best part is the 800mhz processor whic is less than no other smartphone in the market. The 3.2mp cam is good but no flash..!! But it has night mode to compensate for that and the quality of the pics is good. With the Quality of Sony and for the price u pay THIS IS A BEST BUY..!! Just Luv it..!!
i am an engineer and needed an android phone under my 10K budget, i had planed to buy HTC explorer but when i wet at the store i had a look of xperia tipo , i just got flattered over the looks and the features. i bought it home but my dad said "if you had planed for HTC why you didn't went for it, HTC is good" , but believe me guys my dad used the phone for about 2 hours and the result was a hit. He appreciated the performance and features. he uses HTC Desire and if he says the phone is good ,,..it means its a best deal... just go for it..!
I bought this phone in oct 2012 from flipkart for 9500/- I have been using it since with no issues whatsoever. It packs lot of punch in small size. I wont go to technical specs as those can be seen on internet anywhere. I will share my experience. It is a nice phone with v bright display. One can browse internet on 3 G with no issues and can play games like Temple run with ease. The sound quality is supreme much like any other Sony phone. Its easy to carry in jeans pocket as its small phone. No damage even though it has fallen on floor many times. It reminds me of my old Nokia phone in terms of durability. Cons: Small display size. Camera is not that good. No flash.
Before you buy the Sony brand please check on their warranty service capabilities. Quoting my personal experience - they dont have spares stocked and they are very slow in arranging them. Thrice, my phone developed repairs within warranty and each time they took a long time to repair it - and the reason was that spares were not available. They will make you wait for weeks together. So if you are unlucky and the phone develops some repairs, you forget your phone and buy a new one. Flipkart's service was outstanding.
Hi, I bought this mobile last month from FlipKart, i thought with latest android version this is the best mobile, but now i regret. The touch is gone, i cannot make a pattern lock nor i could type the messages properly . Sometimes, even i could not make a call where i will be getting an error as not registered on network even after notifying full signal strength. I wrote a complaint to flipkart to replace this product, they said since 30 days is over they cannot, i got deleivered on Nov 29th, today is Jan 2nd, i made a complaint last day..:).. And there is limited service center, dont know how i will recover this, going today to Adayar service center, let's see the response from them and will update further. So, overall i will say better go for samsung....
Hi I bought this phone three months back. On the first day itself, I found touch screen problems (you have to swipe several times to unlock/attend calls, pattern lock can't be set, dragging won't work etc) and after checking several websites, I found this is a common issue with handset. I went to Sony Service Center and they repaired it within hours. The touch screen worked really good after repair but it lasted only one month. Last month, I faced same touch screen problems and I again went to Sony Service center. Service Center didn't take much time to repair it but did Sony expect us to go Service Center once in every two months? Later I saw several posts regarding this issue (unfortunately I saw it only after buying the phone), and I think Sony also should have known about this complaint. Still they are excessively marketing this product instead of recalling this handset for this permanent problem. Apart from this, I found problems with my headset and Service Center agreed to replace it. I am waiting for new headset for the last three weeks. Regards
If you want android bellow 10K then this is your phone. It is actually a very decent phone. Where it currently beats the market is that it comes with Android 4.0 unlike Samsung and HTC. The positives are many: battery life, smooth web surfing, call quality, v4.0. But this phone does have drawbacks. First is the camera which is just rubbish... you wont need instagram for funny results... the camera takes weird pictures. The phone tends to slow down when running games like Temple Run... (which can be fixed by rebooting). The keyboard in portrait mode is too cramped and if you are using touch for the first time you would absolutely hate it... but it gets better when you get used to it. Sometimes the touchscreen takes multiple touches to respond. However unlike some suggestions on web, there is no heating problems on usage. It is pretty sturdy and the timescape UI make the v4.0 experience very sweet. If you are not willing to cross the 10K divide, this is your phone.
i have been using this mobile for the past 1 month and now its time to share it with you. Contradictory to the popular belief that this mobile has issues with touch, i haven't found any. I read some of _ve reviews and found them a bit exaggarated. let me give u my experience with xperia tipo , its "exceptional". let me go with the pros first 1-The screen is pretty gud, though its a 3.2 inch screen its resolution is much clear than galaxy y. and screen width is more than htc explorer. the UI of sony deserves a special mention. 2- The internal memory of 2.9 gb is more than enough to load it with lots of app. This is the main reason i was tempted to go with it. you can move apps from phone(754 mb) to internal mem(2.15 gb) 3- The ics 4.0 gives u an unmatchable user experience. 4- The 800 mhz processor with gpu adreno 200 works well. i havent experienced any major lags in temple run ,apshalt etc.. 5- the speakers are awesome. and in ear phones given in the box its gud. if u use a good quality ear phones trust me its gonna rock. 6- The battery back up is fine. i use wifi for most of the day and the battery lasts one full day with out any hiccups. 7- Browser is good and wifi connection works well 8-it recognises what u speak and types the message in indian english..thats cool. cons 1- camera in day light is gud but in nyt you should avoid it. 2-msg typing is tiresome but if you shift to landscape it will be fine. 3- there will be a 5% lag in touch ( 5 times in a 100 times). i personally dont feel it as a major hiccup as it may occur if i open more apps at da same time. Verdict- This mobile gives total value for money. i Have bought it for 8900. No other phone in this segment is as good as tipo. if you are looking for an entry level smart phone and your first android, this is surely gonna impress you.
I bought this phone under my budget but I love this phone you will get all things under this mobile which no other mobile can offer Pros Performance is smooth Android 4.0 out of the box Good build Good Loudspeaker Cons Fixed focus camera Low resolution display
I am using this phone since last 10 days and found it good make to a great extent. I found two major and serious design issues in this device. 1. The memory card is slot is so ill Designed that it is impossible to take SD card out once you put it inside the phone. It just stuck inside. 2. The lock/unlock button at the top is also Designed badly and it requires special care to press it. Its irritating as this key is frequently used in android. so, I deducted one star for this. In overall, its the best product you can get in 9K.
I have bought the item but with a little hesitation after reading bad reviews about Touch sensitivity and other issues. But after I put my hands on the phone I completely liked it. It's handy by design and works smoothly and touch sensitivity is not that big a problem. Hope the performance continues.
Have ordered this phone from flipkart last week. For the price, it gives a run for the many for many phones like samsung galaxy y. Although the phone is little expensive, it does come with Android 4.0, and large internal memory. The UI is quite responsive. The only down side i see thus far is that the camera is not very good. It needs good natural lighting to get good pictures or else you wont even get half decent photo. On the whole, it is a very good phone. If you have budget for it, i say go for it without hesitation.
sony tipo is the best mobile under 10k its got andriod 4 n a drop box for 50 gb touch is very good in this mobile am really happy about this mobile except for the camera its got 3.2 megapixel camera it supports a wide range of apps from the market anyone interested in buying a low cost android mobile,please go for this
Been using this phone for more than 2 weeks now!!! Flawless... Beauty from sony.... Ready to get blown over by the loudspeaker performance. Only thing is that I am not able to get any cover case for this phone. Wish it was in flipkart :)
Dear all flipkarters, i have been a regular user of sony phones but recently i had stopped using it due to its phones getting very costly. But upon seeing this phone, i have been motivated to join the sony family. ;) going to buy it. I know that there are some phones in other brands that are loaded with similar or maybe more features for lesser price but HEY this is SONY.
Pre-ordered this one on the 14th. The estimated date of delivery was about a week from that. But Flipkart surprised me by delivering it in 4 days time! :) 1. I have gone ahead with Sony after years of being a Nokia loyalist. Maybe coz i didn't want to spend that much on a Lumia. Except for the gorilla glass screen i don't think i'm missing much here. 2. I didn't want a black phone, and this deep red color is very elegant and rich! I've been hearing good things about it from people who stay updated on technology. 3. I'm a li'l disappointed that there are no pre-loaded games on this one though. 4. Sound quality, as expected, is very good and one can feel the difference. Its just a few hours old. I haven't gone through the User Manual, but i have found it quite user-friendly. Feels good so far! I'm not complaining yet! :P
A short and crisp review : Pros : Anroid 4.0 Nice looks Grt music quality Easy to hold Cons : Camera OK types Touch at times doesnt respond 5 out of 100 times Gets heated while hvng long usage. now the cons are impacting my usage pattern so I am happy with the fone.Wanted to give 4.5 but there is not such option while reviewing. Cheers!! Amit
Hi, all potential buyers please note that this Xperia Tipo has a SAR value of 1.67 which is very dangerous. EUR limits it to 1 as max while this is way beyond that. High Radiation levels can significantly affect your health.
When I bought this phone i was facing problem right from day-1. Few hours later after buying the phone the proximity sensor stopped working,so i couldn't make calls and had to remove the battery to hang up the call,at first I thought that there is some problem with the settings but nothing was such.The very next day i took it to the service center and they told me that the phone needs its motherboard to be replaced which will change its IMEI number.After a few days I was informed to come and collect the phone and then everything worked fine until a few days later the phone started to hang too often and now i am having problems to unlock the phone by drawing pattern. The touch sometimes becomes very unresponsive. Now I am planning to sell this phone and get rid of it. My verdict dont buy this phone go for samsung or nokia windows phone...
nly flipkart you get the proper review and info about the phone..Dont buy any phone before checking flipkart reviews... No proper service from sony....they are still under confusion sony or sonyEricsson should reapir it..They wont repair or replace the phone... Dont go waist your money on this phone...Check for some other brand.. More than 2 months my phone is in the service center..they keep it parts are not available and make you waiting...details here.. Service sony service center Job no : W112092601416 DATE of submission for service 26 SEPT 2012 mobile MODEL NO MK16i IMEI NO: 012789001893464 Purchased date 27 July 2012 In warrenty problem touch screen not working. customer care phone : 180030002800 --------------------------------- Service center address: ABHIVRUDHI TECH SONY AUTHORIZED SERVICE CENTRE 235/12, SURAJ CENTER, GROUND FLOOR 27 TH CROSS, 7TH BLOCK JAYANAGAR EMAIL : abhivrudhi.tech@gmail.com phone : 22442233
I just bought my Tipo yesterday and i am experiencing MANY problems. For one thing, the lag is so bad i'm sure playing games even something like Angry Birds let alone Temple Run will be next to impossible. Also, the touch screen is so unresponsive i feel like I'm playing with a stone. It needs at least two or three hard taps like you would need on a very low-end phone with a resistive touch screen to make it respond. Maybe this is a problem restricted to only my handset, but i would strongly advise all who buy this phone to INSIST on the shop assistants to use the phone in front of them and make sure of the phone's performance before buying it.
I baught this phone last week and now i am addicted to it. it has very sensitive touch screen(better than samsung galaxy ace) great user interface excellent design some people can say that, this phone lacks on camera, i dont know why, camera is great for 3.2mp configuration. overall best mobile at rs. 10000
Sony Xperia Tipo is a absolutely good product from Sony at an affordable price as it provides good quality . It having 3.2 MP camera Android v4.0 os 3.2 inch touch screen But major draw back which i personally feel is about charge it need .It juszz provide a talk time for 5 hrs .
I am using this phone since 6 months and did not face any issues. TouchFW tool is an app which when installed on this phone makes its use more smooth. Drawback: Doesn't have support for Android 4.2 from sony.
Sony xperia tipo dual phone has out going voice noise problem. And it is not repairable. please dont buy this mobile. For servicing this mobile sony servicing will take 10 to 15 days.
if any application downloaded it will store in internal memory not in SD card. it will store upto 2GB only its the main drawback and more thing is if we store audio files in SD card it wont show in the music player. we listen single song at a time. with in internal memory(2GB) we store applications songs images and videos and all if we store in SD card it wont display in GALLERY.
Why would sony make such a feature packed phone - and wouldn't want to keep the SAR levels in control. It's a pity, else this phone was on my wishlist. Don't buy if you love your health and body. I instead would be going for a Samsung Galaxy Chat which has a 0.4 SAR ... much lower and better.
Great phone......has alots of cool features but just sometimes hangs up..so suggest don't get games or walls for too much memory...otherwise it is a great phone..the camera is much better than 3.2 mp camera...just go for it...great phone
i have been using it since 3 weeks no drawbacks found yet... battery life is good.... preferable one below 10k.... pros Product is awesome under this price range. Touch pad is good Battery backup is awesome Now cons - Short length charger No software compatibility with windows 8 Congested keyboard - difficult to type
awesome phone with almost every thing one needs (along with ICS). got it ysterday. no probs yet. Awesome touch, excellent looks,gr8 design. i guess its the best fon one can get at this price. JUST GO for IT!!!!
Amazing features at just 9K, Must buy I bet no other reputed brand is offering 3G, 3.2″ TFT capacitive touchscreen 256K colors 320 x 480 pixels(~180 ppi pixel density), 3.15 MP camera 2048x1536 pixels Geo-tagging, Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, Scratch-resistant glass, Android OS v4.0.3 (Ice Cream Sandwich), CPU 800 MHz Cortex-A5 (Qualcomm MSM7225AA),GPU Adreno 200, Sensors Accelerometer, proximity, compass, 2.9 GB storage (2.5 GB user available), 512 MB RAM, Standard battery Li-Ion 1500 mAh,SAR Value 1.37 W/kg (head) 0.74 W/kg (body). All these specks at this price & most important a brand name "SONY" I would highly recommend this phone to people who are on a budget of less than 10k, because it's really hard to find such an astounding phone for 9k. This phone is truly a value for the money you spend, If yor are planning to purchase your first smartphone under 10k then this can be your ultimate choice.
I bought it from The Mobile Store for 10,300 Rs. It's a good phone under rs 10,000. Good Music Quality Very Good battery backup beacuse of Android V4 Very nice and soft Touchscreen Very Good display for images and Videos Look is nice. BUT.... camera does not meet my expectations. As it comes from Sony-a popular brand for its camera.. Camera takes time to open..and does not capture good quality photos.. Also it does not capture still correct image if your hand got deviated.
Good things... 1. ICS 4.0.4 2. GOOD Battery Backup 3. Touch screen is so soft 4. Voice is loud (xLoud feature) 5. Processor is Fast (800 Mhz is enough) 6. Price is under 10k... 7. Camera capture speed is high Bad thinks... 1. Camera quality is better but not best. 2. Screen size is small 3.2 inch.
the SAR value of this Phone is quite high..... 1.62 Wt/Kg which is more than d limit. it will cause health problems according to features it is feature packed..... andro 4.0 3.2" screen 3.2 mp cam it also has gpu cons... i dont think 800 mhz processor is enough to run the ICS.
its true that this lil phone from Sony packs a lot of punch in it, but ICS is just a gimmick here, ICS ia a very Laggy and Heavy OS but it does have great looks amazing transitions and Animations, that's why Google improved the Smoothness in next update Jelly bean and Called it 'Project Butter' BELIEVE me i have seen Galaxy Tabs lagging even with a powerful Dual Core processor on ICS, There is no way a single core 800 MHz CPU can run this OS smoothly . I hope this little guy gets jelly bean update or the buyers are screwed !
I bought it two years back when the price was 9500 the first two year it was very superb had all features at very less price but the the phone started losing it colour after the second year the battery could not last for a long time and the application were slow i reseted the phone completely it was working like a new phone but still have battery problem
Easy To Handle Cause It Is Small And Handy.. But Software, Is Very Pathetic...Hangs Very Often.. After Taking In May...Suddenly Got Switched Off in September.. Till Now Repairing Team Is Pathetic..And Till Today Nov 16 I'm not get Back My Handset..
hello friends, i don't usually review about anything and least ever post it on the internet. But having used this phone for the past 9 months, believe me this phone has become very bad for my business and my daily usage. 1. the phone HANGSSS like hell. 2. the touch is a serious issue with this phone. IT DOES NOT WORK. if u want to say pick ur phone/ call someone, the touch mechanism does not even work sometimes. 3.lastly, if someone calls u in this mobile the message is switched off or unreachable. i checked no network problems but this can be attributed to its unique feature. please don't waste ur money . but if u r interested in losing some business deals just because of this phone i will not stop u
This product was promised to me in 2-3 days... and Lo! It came the very next day. Awesome delivery time by Flipkart. Card on Delivery is a very good feature. The Phone was properly wrapped in order to protect it from damage. Even though no freebies were mentioned at that time; when i opened the box i got a screen guard free. Overall happy with my first shopping at Flipkart. If you are looking for detailed specs of the phone go ahead check out gsmarena.
Ultimate model by Sony...! The touch is simply awesome, and the loudness of the speaker is also great... However, the camera sucks... 3.2 mp although, but performs like that of 1 mp or so... In addition to this, sony provides headphones too with the phone... which, of course, provide the best output, but however, are too low in volume... so if you are ordering this phone and are addicted to music, order a compatible set of headphones too with the same, like: Samsung EHS44ASSBECINU Stereo Headset, available on flipkart itself... The battery backup of Tipo is also the best thing about it... The resolution is the best... Moreover, Android 4.0 ICS is also there, which is another great thing about Tipo... Overall, a great deal. Go for it! Trust me, you won't regret... :)
good phone . their is no long hang problem like Ace . main problems is the display, i changed display after two month because of the white round of led back light on it,but it still existing.........................................................................................
Bought this phone 8 months back (my first android), writing this review out of frustration....within 3 weeks of purchase phone stopped recognizing earphones, have to switch off and switch on every time before using ear phone........calling is single most most difficult task with this phone, have to wait every time for contact list or call log to appear after touching the icon, if someone calls when an app is working, the phone keeps vibrating but the caller id and call receive icon appears after a minute.....music player has a mind of its own, stops working for no reason......not sure if these problems are due to android interface or Sony
My subject says it all. I would rate Tipo as the worst phone ever. Lets jump into the review- I bought this phone 5 months back when this product was newly launched (though not from Flipkart). First 3 months using this phone was a breeze. Suddenly, one fine day I woke up with no network on my phone. I felt this could be a temporary issue; however that was not to be. I went to service centre where they told me that the motherboard had crashed. Motherboard crashing within 4 months speaks all about the quality of materials inside. Anyways, got it repaired. After another month, I have started facing another kind of issue wherein I am not able to take calls properly. The voice clarity has deteriorated considerably (become pathetic). I hear the echo of my own voice when I speak on phone. Now I need to keep my phone at the service center for another 10 days. I am thoroughly pissed-off. I read a review of another person at Flipkart wherein it was stated that echo problem was a persistent one on Tipo. Too late for me to know now!!! Guys, please take an informed decision. Hope this review helps.
I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FROM OPEN MARKET. PHONE HAS A BIG PROBLEM OF ECHO. WHEN U TALK ON PHONE THE OTHER PERSON HEARS ECHOED VOICE WHICH IS VERY IRRITATING.THINK TWICE BEFORE U BUY. THIS PROBLEM IS WITH ALL TIPOS. SONY IS NOT DOING ANYTHING ABOUT IT
the phone is too slow, though i hadnt bought it from flipkart but i am having the same phone and wanna alert the new buyers to dont go for sony, neither HTC, add some bucks and go for blackberry, atleast they dont hang like hell.
I bought a sony xperia tipo mobile last month in that time touch is not properly working i was called to flip kart follow up and replaced my mobile now touch is perfectly working flipkart is one of the best online seller to all products.Delivery also very good i like flipkart.In future also i will purchase all products in flipkart
flipkart,, delivery,, on time, n amazing as usual,, :) , i was a little disappointed with the phone when it arrived, it seems to be really fragile, the sim card slot is a complete mess, but now that ive been using this phone fr a few days i'll probably say its alright,, i mean its fast, gud touchscreen, maybe a galaxy music would have been a better option, next time maybe ill just buy electronics from a store, so i can see n compare two or more.
I bought it for Rs. 9499 and now its available just for RS. 8499, it hurts. But as far the Phone is concerned, u can't expect anything better with that price! Simply AWESOME...its stylish, elegant, easy to handle! The camera is nice but not as expected and neither the sound but rest of the features are good. YOU SHOULD BUY IT!!
The specs are pretty good, might get slow if too many apps installed. Screen is little smaller for typing, but works good enough with SwiftKey. I don't use music/camera, use minimal apps - whatsapp, talk.to, gtalk, facebook, twitter - and the phone works great with these. Worth the price.
main problem with d phone is its touch lack the feel after 1 or 2 months of use u have press again and again on screen to make it use so massg typing could be a very difficult task in that situation with out too many apps and if you have installed some heavy task then god saves you. 2nd from sony every one expects outstanding music there also headphones are good clear but not to sony standards like walkman series. rest is ok but touch in compare with samsung stand no where and get worst as use. If you are ok with it then its good for you.............................
The first product I received had some issues, and was promptly replaced by Flipkart with a properly functioning product. I must say that Sony has stuck to its policy of not dealing in junk. This phone for anything less than 9k is an absolute deal. The graphics, the palm ergonomics and the interface are fabulous. I am really glad I bought the Sony Tipo.
I basically use my phones for differnet apps.but if you are a gamer then i wont prefer this tipo.because it get slow while playing games.I showed this problem to service centre but nothing happened.I thought may be i have downloaded too many apps,but after deleting it problem still occurs.Rarely it hangs,and automatically switched on and off.Many times apps don't responses and get closed.
When I unbox it and saw it for the first time I couldn't believe its a sony product. It looks like some anonymous product from a second class mobile manufacturer. here is my rating Display 2/5 Speakers 1/5 (Worst ever) Walkman 2/5 (You wont believe its from sony) Gaming 3/5 (Benchmark game "Temple run" hangs now and then) Camera 2/5 (After using this now my old sony spiro cam looks great though it is 1.3 mp) So buyers reconsider your decision before buying this...
For game lover my suggestion pls avoid it. because the battery life is not good. processor is not high-figh for gaming. In 3G network battery performance is too poor. For music point of view its very Good Phone.
This is a low-end Android smartphone suitable for first-time smartphone owners. This is much better than others in this price range. Its 800 MHz processor, 3.2 megapixels camera (without LED Flash) and Android 4.0 version are its main key features that gives it edge over its competitors. But it trails with less 512 MB RAM, small screen size very tricky to type. I recommend to buy this product
Xperia tipo is the best phone under 10k. Android 4.0 , 3.2" scratch resistant touch screen 320*480pixel @180ppi,enhanced adreno 200GPU,cortex A5 processor,512 MB RAM,2.9GB internal memory ...............
Although I did'nt bought the phone from flipkart, but flipkart definately helped me to choose it besed on the reviews of all the phones listed here under 10k. After buying this phone I am happy to say that I made the right choice. :) The pros and cons are listed below: PROS : 1) TOUCH 2) ICS PLATFORM 3) CALL QUALITY 4) USER FRIENDLY 5) DISPLAY 6) MUSIC 7) GAMES CONS : 1) CAMERA QUALITY
I bought the phone this December (white one) from mobile store......the phone experience is some what good but the build quality of the phone is very poor.....specially the back cover....its a very thin piece of ordinary plastic and even the buttons (volume rocker, power/lock button) are made very poorly......te volume rocker is some what OK but the bower button in my phone is i think defective....the button is pressed too much below from the time of manufacture...and its really heard to lock or unlock the phone for people like me who have quite a big hand.... allover if u can leave with the poor build quality of the phone than go for it......but if u want a better phone with better build quality than i would suggest u to go for sony xperia miro.....which is some what 1500 rupees more than tipo.
Guys...just go for it... I just don't understand why some people are writing negative reviews... battery life and speaker quality is awesome... display..camera... multitasking... everything is best... Ya... I got some problem with the touch ... but I searched for the solution in the net and I got got a calibration software(45KB) in SONY's website... after installing that software(you can uninstall it later but you'll not get any touch problem in your life again) the touch has become buttery soft like windows phone.... Guys...don't think twice... just go for it...
poor camera even compared to nokia's 2MP poor screen quality screen colour & brightness change from different angles tip:darker the screen the better (while turned off) touch does not work sometimes (goes out of calibration) & my phone have a pixel damage... was there since purchase, perfectly camouflaged by the default theme (check the screen as full black & full white to see damaged pixels) Android 4 requires 1GB RAM (fb app gets bit stucky after scrolling a lot)
Hi Friends, There are lots of hardware issue.I purchased sony tipo 1 month back and now am facing the touch problem. Touch panel is not properlly fixed. I purchased this mobile 1 month back and service center is not providing free service. They saying its a damage case issue so no waranty for this. To fix the touch panel they are charging 3000 Rs. I suggest dont go for this mobile because hardware quality and service is not good
few of my friends here may be having problems with their phones but let me remind would be buying guys that sporadic glitches are a prblm with every brand and sell..u should absolutely not deter urself after reading these reviews.. now coming to the phone.. though i didnt buy the phone from flipkart , yet i thought of writing down my review.. first of all the thing which keeps the phone running- THE BATTERIES are good.. u comfortably geta days stand with your regular activities like surfing, streaming ,music and talking.. the charging time is unbelievably fast..and it also charges while being connected to laptops/pc..a days standing time ..ohh what else can u ask for guys?? music player is quite good.. the sounds are clear and loud enough( complacence, yet not damaging your inner ear like in ear headphones) phones inbuilt video player is ok.. though u could also install MX player and play literally anything on it then.. even hd videos( though their res. gotto be around 640*480, corresponding to phones inherent video capture ability).. bt a mp4 video even at this res. on a screen like ours looks great the phone does lags sometimes bt thats kind of momentary..it plays temple run which even the galaxy ace cant play.( gratitude to an additional gpu) the screen size is good. u may have trouble doing the typing stuff initially bt afterwards its a pleasure.. camera is pretty good for a 3.2 ...with touch capture take as many snaps as rapidly as u want.. overall the phones a best buy under 10000.......go for it. dont think.. morever vodafone is giving 500 mb of 3g data free each month for three months.. buy this and c ur friends jaw drop!!!!!! with regards.
awsome product from sony,best budet phone.,. sound is awesome no doubt.and we et with ics which is awesome for this price. better than samsung as the clarity is superb.have problems with touch,and some times lagging.,.planning to give it for service and heard dat it may be solved after dat. so in all best product go for it.,.no doubt
The phone is just amazing. Cons - -camera isnt that good -heats up very fast -Sar value(1.62) -no front camara -no flash Pros - -no lagging -fast browsing -responsive touch -wifi hotspot -good display -user friendly -gorilla glass -ICS -loud speakers -2.5 bg internal memory -microSD card(upto 32 GB) concerns- -(batter life) many people said that the battery life is bad so i put it to test initial level - 92% what i did- -1 hour browsing -30 mins gaming -20 minutes songs on loud speaker -1 hour fidling -400 mb downloads -20 mins calling -12 hour standby final level - 59% that is amazing so my advice . . . . . . . . . Just go for it you cant get a better phone under 10k
i m using tipo past one month n i m very much satisfied with dis. pros. battery is much better than other android phones design is awesome. music quality is much better n sound is much louder than any other phones. internet surfing is far better than any other android smooth n very silky touch. display is nice. screen size is perfect. gaming is brilliant. 2.5 gb internal memory is plus point. super fast ram 512 mb camera quality is good. voice input is awesome and very responsive. overall dis s a awesome phone cute n smooth. cons. there is nothing in dis world without cons. some times lag should hav autofocus or flash light.. but we cant expect all features under 10k.. if u really want a phone without lag..then dont purchase android..go for apple.
First of all let me clear some doubts.....SAR value high ...well think again. I got this phone about a week ago and saw that SAR value is high but checked again.... u can google "fcc sar value sony xperia tipo" and see the first one which is on the official sony website also. It is tested almost 8-10 times by FCC and the sar value is 1.28 and NOT 1.68 as told by other websites. This mobile rocks it's as if i have got an iphone.... xloud rox....... played a song on tipo and 1 on dad's iphone.... u couldn't even hear it's song..... JUST BUY IT!.... had thought of getting HTC explorer but android 4.0 in 10k..... is a buy-buy deal . There is this pre-installed app ASTRO which is like windows explorer in pc and u can edit each and everything in this phone
I've been using this phone for the past one month and all i can say it that it serves my purpose really well which include music,fb,games,texting (here i must mention that gesture input is great and quick as well) and the phone runs without any lag....timescape UI is also amazing. To all those who say that 800 MHz processor isn't sufficient, i believe most haven't even used the product and seem to be reviews based on their intuitions and speculations which is absurd. For all those who compare it with galaxy Y ... pls note that tipo is much better in terms of sound quality, resolution, internal storage,RAM etc etc..Also it has been more than a year since Galaxy Y came into the market. However as many have pointed out,the camera quality indoors is not good and many of the pre-installed apps aren't quite useful. A sincere request to everyone who plans on writing a review not just for this product bt for every other item up for purchase on flipkart... "PLS give ur reviews only if u have used the product."
Purchased this item one month ago, I am totally satisfied with this amazing phone. This is the best entry level phone that gives value for your money. I'd like to share the pros and cons of this phone. Pros ---------- 1. Stylish product design (we can compare to iPhone in finishing). 2. Crystal clear audio. 3. The best screen resolution can provide by an entry level phone so far. (180ppi) 4. Android v4.0 (ice cream sandwich) 5. 3G internet performance is 100% 6. Best gaming performance 7. Internal Storage 2GB 8. Silky smooth touch Cons ---------- 1. No front camera like any other entry level 2. As a UI designer i would say the default UI design needs improvement.Especially the power widgets. (some people complaints about the touch response. yeah i also experienced touch issue with "phone" icon. I think it is the touch area problem. Sony should give a software update and resolve this issue. This is the software bug, not performance issue. I solved this issue after installing a "nova theme" from Google store. Now the "phone" icon works prefect. 3. To use external memory card, we need to open the back case every time. Thats all..! Have no fear, just go for it !
reading the reviews on flipkart i went to a store to buy the phone....... when i insert the memory card into tipo it didn't updated immediately.... we tried repeatedly but all failed..... the shop sales person also failed to resolve the problem...... so i didn't buy the phone........... please check the same before you buy..............
Using xperia tipo from past 7 months, its flawless...there is touch problem in some of the handsets because they lack software calibration. Just calibrate ur set with TOUCHFWTOOL. Just google it and download it in ur mobile then run it and calibrate it. Very simple procedure hardly it will take 10 seconds. then feel the awsome touch experience ......ENJOY Great mobile running graphics intense games like dead trigger, real football, temple run oz, turbo fly 3d, etc. very smoothly . Music is awesome, most of the apps are working great, Camera quality is fairly good in day light, supporting fast net speed. BEST MOBILE in low end segment ... thanks
For further advice about mobiles of any type for free just go to advicearena.blogspot.com and leave a comment there in the MOBILE ADVICE section.It will be solved and a fast reply is given to the user who was questioning and wants to take advice.
I bought this phone yesterday and I have to say, this is awesome... Sony Xperia Tipo is something which comes with power packed features like Android 4.0 ICS O/S, 3.2MP Camera without flash, Scratch resistant glass and AN ASTOUNDING 2.5GB internal memory.. Pros: Android O/S 4.0 ICS, Very fast and class of android Camera Quality- Good enough Battery life- Better than Samsung and Good enough for 2 days HIGHLY INTERESTING USER INTERFACE Cons: There is no LED light when you get messages when the screen is locked( If anyone finds a way to activate LED alert then tell me) NO FLASH for CAMERA On the whole, Sony has launched a GREAT PHONE!! If you have a budget of 10000rs, You can blindly go for this phone as it is highly trustable and highly valuable
This is not at all a bad gadget at this price.. Though people may complain about the touch, i personally say it's touch is actually good!! I still don't know how can people compare this with high end mobiles worth more than 15k!!! Even the battery is good for normal users.. This gadget is worth 9.5k.. Go for it..
I have not buy this yet.But confirmed to purchase this amazing mobile. pros: 1.Android v4.0 OS 3.2 MP Primary Camera 3.2-inch Touchscreen Dont waste your money on latest android toys,,,,,,,,,, GO AHEAD,,,,,,,,,,
i just brought it few days before through flipkart. it is really awasome..... suprb performance.... there is no lag while more apps r using... touch sensitivity is suprb.. camera is fine. battery is also good.. thnks sony...
during a lot of time i wanted to buy a sony mobile but it was very costly and which was not costly, that i didn't like. but this one i can easily buy....thanks to SONY, YES I MAKE BELIEVE! i will suggest this to all my friends and purchase also, as soon as posible......................
Hi friends this is sampat sony xperia tipo is the best android phone with ICS 4.0.4 PROS --- internal memory of 2.5GB(you cant this feature in any other phone under 10k) --- RAM 512 mb --- 3.15 mp camera --- 3.2 inch screen AND IT HAS BARCODE SCANNER, HAND WRITING RECOGNIZAION. CONS --- PURE TOUCH. EVEN YOU CAN COMPARE THIS PHONE WITH LG L3, SAMSUNG DUOS BUT THIS IS THE BEST WITH ALL LATEST TECHNOLOGY JUST GO FOR IT
Really this is a nice phone at this price.It's offering Android( ice cream sandwich) along with 3.2 MP Camera. it also offering a scratch resistant screen which is also a great feature, So if anybody want to get it just go for it!! its really a great deal..
Quite a nice phone......specially for low range buyers...... Nice looks, great sound quality, better hardware, and much more......over all a nice phone to invest............This phone is better than all its competitors like samsung and lg.........
i bought it 2 days ago and have been using and its an experience i must share. its a fantastic phone with great features at a comparatively low price but its fast, it looks good and the 1500mah battery gives good backup. i think its a better option than Samsung Galaxy Ace.
Its a Good Nice Phone:) Has a Android 4.0.4 (ICS) Impressive Battery Great Design of Xperia Bad: Poor Camera (Not Upto the Quality of Sony) Small 3.2" Screen Ocassionally it slows down Otherwise its Beautiful
Please please please don't but this phone. The touchscreen is gonna be the worst experience ever. I didint read it in the FK reviews when i was pursuing this mobile so thought of helping all the prospective buyers to please avoid this phone even at half the price its available in market.
@benzenoid: Dude! You just cannot say samsung galaxy y doesn't have a gpu as it can run nfs shift and many high profile games after rooting... yes resolution is a great factor which galaxy y have a little bit low..
Just bought the Xperia tipo today and used it only for 15 minutes and noticed serious overheating of the battery / phone. Am going to take it to the store tomorrow to find out if it is a defective handset. Any of you guys facing a similar problem?
I Purchased This phone on Feb. in the moth of April there was a problem in the power/unlock button on the top some times it was needed to press it harder to make it work and 1 issues from the beginning was when I connect the earphone automatically the music or radio gets turned on or if these are off and I plug out the earphones then it gets started. I went to the service center and there I found out that around 50 people were lined up before me with some issues with their xperia. After they resolved the issued 2-3 days later again same problem started and now i am also facing the touchscreen problem it is not responding on time. Some times I feel like crushing this phone with stone but afterall its my money which will be wasted so some how controls the emotions. Highly Recommend you not to go with xperia u can go with some other brands or else u will end in writing a review like me
Dear Flip Cart please restrict your reviews to people who have purchased this product from you. Now that you have a reasonable reputation you need not have useless committed reviews may be even paid ones. In this product you have majority of reviews giving it a 5star rating. I bought this reading all those ones and have become a classic sucker. THIS IS THE WORST PHONE ONE CAN BUY. It has the worst touch feature out of all phones out there. In my family we have three I phones, two Nokia two Samsung and latest a Karbonn A21. This has a touch screen which gets stuck every time. Even the contact list is very difficult to peruse through. The touch typing key board is so defective it all the time keeps printing wrong letters, repetitions and gets stuck. Thanks for the marketing method . I will never again buy from you unless I see and try a product somewhere else. Or is it that the manufacturer is dumping all defective pieces on to you? With such products Sony as brand is going to get damaged.
i have read lot of reviews in this site from the customers... most of them have said its a good phone... but wait until you use it for more than a month , you will regret buying this phone.. after the ICS update the phone will starting lagging and you cannot text or call anyone in peace .... I'm fed up of this mobile and planning to sell this .... hope you don't buy this shitty phone... Sony sucks.. Samsung is much better... This phone just has Ice cream Sandwich in it, that is for name sake, when it comes to performance you will regret buying this phone.. go for some other phone....
I purchased this phone about one month ago reading so many reviews and brand name. Though it has some good features, cons are more than pros. 1. Though the battery is 1500 MHZ, I think it is not true. The battery exahusts just after downloading 3 o 4 songs. 2. There is no renaming of songs facility. 3. Downloading is dead slow. 4. When we are downloading a song, if a phone call is received, download fails automatically. Again we have to put for download. This is a major draw back. 5. When there is a download, we cannot open another page of the website. It takes about 15 minutes to open the next page of the site. 6. Only one down load is possible at a time. (in my earlier Nokia 5230 I used to download 10 songs at a time. Though it has 464 processor, it is very fast in downloading songs). Unfortunately, Sony has 500 MHG processesor, it is very very very slow. 7. When we down load a song, it is very difficult to trace out where it was downloaded. Overall, it is very very disappointing. I want to sell my phone, if anybody offers just 5 to 6000. MURALI MOHAN
i bought this smart phone not from flipkart,whoever going to buy this phone must have patiency to operate this , touch screen notyetall sensitive,browsing takes much time ,youtube not responding soon ,keyboard unwanted letters may responding, music system, sound clarity is good.it is available less than 10k ,but u consider before going to buy this one.those who opted this phone must have petiency.
expected a lot from xperia..but its damn slow and irritating !!!takes a long time for any installation..pls dnt buy ths product ...samsung is better compared to xperia
It's just amazing. You won't get such an android phone in this range (I'm not talking about the toy phones.) Pros: 3.2 inch display, 3.2 MP camera, Android ICS (Upgradable to Jellybean), no so may useless apps as found in most of the toy phones Cons : 800 MHz (this only)
Dear Friends , plz do not buy this phone at all. its worst than a china phone. when u dial any number, all sorts of combinations of numbers are pressed. the screen behaves very oddly most of the times. for eg, when u press 9866012345, it goes like this 98#6*123#5. Trust me , this is the case with all Tipo Models. No Wonder, sony has discontinued this model. Never expected Sony to manufacture and market this kind of Model. I am pressing Consumer Court Charges against Sony India. Atleast Indian Models like Celkon are very very gud compared to Sony Tipo.
Best phone at it's price...!!! 5 Stars...!!! Android 4.0 and othre its features in a branded phone is just awsome. I am using this phone from the lsat 7-8 months.... Wotking Perfect!! Also excellent service from Flipkart. Thanks...!!!
please do not buy this phone falling for the brand value and nice and cute phone these guys are selling all the phone with high SAR values buy end of march as the TRAI is trying to ban the sale for phone with SAR values more than 1.4 this phone claiming to come from a brand like sony has higher SAR value than other smaller companies like micromax or any other indian made cellphones!! please think abt the damage it will due to ur body or brain!!
The battery back up is very bad. Stand by back up time is less than oneday, worst battery back up.... so stay away from xperia tipo. I have expected a lot from sony xperia. But its very frustrating. i have bought it just 1week before. Other features are good or so so. Battery back up is very poor. If you want to buy xperia then go for any expensive xperia model. This is shit...
Hey guys, posted a review earlier in which I had mentioned that flipkart took much longer than its usual to deliver the tipo. Flipkart removed it saying my review should focus on the product and not on their service so here goes. First impressions: on opening the package, the first thing I noticed was the poor packaging. The phone along with all the other stuff was thrown in together in the box. I guess this is what is to be accepted. From an entry level phone. The only saving grace was that a screen protector was included which was a nice touch. Display and sound: 180ppi (320•480) on a 3.2 inch is a pretty decent experience. I however reserve my comments about the lack of color depth and deep blacks keeping in mind that its an entry-level phone. With regards to the sound I feel it's pretty decent, albeit "tiny" and I think the whole xloud thing is more a marketing gimmick than anything. Performance: Running ICS on a 800mhz single core proc with 512 ram is a feat in itself and if you do not mind stutters and lags every now and then, you should be fine. It was a deal breaker for me though because for me, it better run well or not at all. It was snappy for the most part, if only it was consistent... Touch sensitivity: If the touch performance on a phone is a hit or miss affair, there is just no forgiveness. Of the 2 units I had, one of them fared better but was still bad. The first phone locked me out many times as the pattern lock would not register touches correctly. I do not understand whether it is a problem with the touch screen digitizer or whether it can be fixed via software. Misc: Waking up with a really hot phone next to your head (I mean literally hot) is an unnerving experience to say the least and it happened at least 3 times. 2.5gigs of internal space on a phone in this category is definitely commendable. Last words: This phone has the potential to be the entry-level crowd puller that Sony so desperately needs but for that, niggling issues like inconsistent and unresponsive touches and the lags have to be fixed. At entry level price points, people are starting to look away from big brands as the competition is coming out with no holds barred even throwing in dual core procs which is very tempting . Overall, a decent buy only if Sony decides to pull their socks up & make things right.
Looked promising initially with the lower costs and Android 4.0. but my Tipo came faulty. the screen would not work properly. even the screen navigation was not very good compared to my Xperia Mini Pro (Android 2.1) Though i asked for replacement, Flipkart would not provide me replacement but refunded money. I bought Nokia Asha 311 instead as no other model gives Red color which my daughter wanted.
sar value of this phone is 1.67 its pretty harmful. I have still not received it. But i am concerned about this Factor 1. The SAR value is only comparing the heating effect of different phones and does not give an indication that a cell phone is ‘safe 2. The power, or heating effect, of the phone is only one of many possible factors impacting cell phone ‘safety.’ 3. Holding the phone in a slightly different way can actually render the worst SAR value phone better than the best SAR value phone.
This phone has too less ram and a low speed and single core processor which is not suitable for ICS ( if you are using too many apps) and jelly bean OS. I know the price is less, but when you are capable of spending around 8000-9000, isnt it better to spend a little more to buy a phone which can smoothly operate without any issues? For ICS...786 TO 1GB RAM is a minimum requirement, and for Jelly bean...1GB to 2 GB RAM (2GB is more suited) is required to run without any issues.
Bought the sony xperia on nov 11 2012.since then have faced lots of problems with touch screen and had to download concerned software twice to get it going again.also there is a severe echo problem when speaking through the earphone that u can bearly hear the other person talking.and i am not alone with both these problems.have heard other users of this mobile face these problems.
With 1.62 w/kg of sar value, I dropped the idea of buying it. Health comes first not the features. Samsung phones have lowest SAR values. Check yourself before buying Sony Tipo or Miro. Hope this information helps.
First of all, I bought this only because of my low budget and the name Sony Experia phones have made in the market. Added to those, the reviews on flip kart were pretty encouraging. So I took the conscious step of buying this phone. I agree to the fact that this is the best android phone in its range and all that crap. But this is the worst phone I've ever used in my life. I've had six phones ever since I started using phones, the previous one being a Nokia asha 301. I am not ashamed of saying that this phone disappoints big time, even the nokia asha is a million times better than this. This phone, the tipo, stopped working barely two months after buying. Yes, just two months. The touch stopped responding and then I couldn't receive or make calls. It was a huge disappointment. Moreover, the service centre literally stole 3000 for the full repair of the touch screen. I mean, seriously? If anybody is reading my review, PLEASE NOTE, NOT TO BUY THIS PHONE. I'm not offering an alternative phone, but any phone is better than this piece of garbage. Sincerely, An angry, robbed customer. Flipkart should probably discontinue this product, Unless it wants a bad mark on its reputation.
Is not the SAR value of 1.62 greater than the 1.6 recently mandated by the Govt ? Hence it already an outdated product by that standard.. buyers beware since this one has to be phased out soon. Also , I wish Flipkart had a tool to enable us to directly compare SAR as well, amongst other things.
guys this touch phones touch is horrible.. if u buy it , then you will sell it on the next day.. you any 5000 INR touch p is much much better then this ph. we can't expect from sony that they are made this type of ph. really disappointing..
just see huawei u8800 pro in flipkart and compare the features then decide to buy..... sony is charging a very high sum of money for few features... better go with huawei.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ONE YEAR PASSED? GAVE IT TO REPAIR TOUCH SCREEN, AGAIN THE CAMERA GETS CHANGED TO LOW RESOLUTION? TALKED TO SONY. I HAVE TO GIVE TO REPAIR AGAIN? MR. SONY, ARE YOU LISTENING? YOU FOOLED ME & GET AWAY WITH MY HARD EARNED MONEY? I HAD A SONY MIND SET EARLIER, NEVER BUY SONY PRODUCTS & RECOMMAND NOT TO BUY SONY PHONE. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Last month i have decided to buy a smart phone. My budget was below 10K. I searched in flipkart.com & start researching. During this process i have gone through lots of technical criteria of a smart phone & decided to buy HTC Desire(Stealth Black) with Bundled Sandisk 8GB Memory Card with it. The hardwired & software of HTC Desire mentioned website are: Android v2.3 OS (Now selling v4.0) 5 MP Primary Camera 3.5-inch Touchscreen 600 MHz Processor Suddenly Sony had launched "Tipo". & the price was below 10K. I was so please to see the configuration also. Android v4.0 OS 3.2 MP Primary Camera 3.2-inch Touchscreen 800 MHz Processor So I have decided & brought Sony tipo. I am not happy with this phone. It sometimes hung & I cant do any call & open any application. Interface is really good & smart. Sometime my mobile network also out of signal. This is really strange that the same mobile network works fine in Nokia. No idea what happened, I just blame the phone. Screen is also dull. Its not a great experience. My suggestion is If you are thinking to buy a smart phone, please don't buy cheap smartphone. Go for over 15K phone, you will be happy.
I like sony mobile Xperia U & P but this is not up to the mark due to some reason :- 1- Processor 800Mhz ? in this prince you can get 1Ghz in karbonn,micromax & spice. Almost 99% application is supported. 2- Screen is only 3.2 not 4 inch why ? 3- Internal memory: 2.5GB don't know how much is usable like HTC one v has 4GB but 1GB is for application and 100MB for files which is not enough. Only one different feature: Bluetooth A2DP means you can listen music through Bluetooth A2DP hands-free. My experience is that mobile technology change day by day and after 1 year who care about which brand i'm using.
Better than the average product mobile is good according to it's price Nice working but high resolution games are not working properly.
it is good phone at the price. sony brand is good. camera quality and sound is much good of other brand phones at same price.
It is not upto the expected and the touch and Cam are worst when compare to other models of same price category.
I have given 3 rating.This phone is neither good nor bad.It lags frequently.The screen does not look good.Sound is loud as typical SONY product.
I bought this as a gift to my sister and just within 2 months we replaced the internal hard drive.It can not detect Wi-fi quickly .It can not connect to WhatsApp while i am on 2g And Sony guys say switch to 3G.I would not suggest personally
great phone in its price range.you cant ask for better FOR THOSE WHO ENCOUNTER HANG/TOUCH PROBLEM GO HERE: http://talk.sonymobile.com/t5/Xperia-miro-Xperia-tipo-tipo/TIPO-TOUCHSCREEN-FIX-PATCH-HERE/td-p/262920 its just a software glitch! .go to the above address and solve your problem in seconds
I read a number of reviews for a number of smart phones on Flipkart and bought the Sony Xperia Tipo because it within my budget it was a phone with good reviews. However all those reviews were inapplicable to me. It is a difficult phone to use. It is hard to remove the casing to access the battery and the SIM card clot. The gesture feature is very difficult to use. The simple of acting of receiving a call by sliding the unlock key is so difficult that I have been unable to receive calls at times. When you click on menu options like contacts, messages, alarm, etc. the touch functionality behaves unpredictably. Even after months of having the phone I cannot access the menus on one touch. I have to keep trying a few times. And I work in the software industry, have two other tablets and smart phones and am very familiar with using touch devices. I am going to sell this or discard this phone this month. I cannot continue to struggle with it each time I need to use it.
Purchased form flipkart. Nice Service ! A good budget phone. I recommend this phone to everyone in this price range.
Many Smartphone Games cant be played but the performance is too good. Internet is not continuous but downloading speed is not affected. I just love this and feel profit with product. For guys like me(working in shifts and fields), this compact phone is awesome
This is a nice product which has almost all features except flash.. As usual Flipkart delivered on time.. Thank you !
The phone is really amazing and the touch screen is better and also the battery is ok. phone is cute and compact.
I have been using this phone for almost a year now. It has been working flawlessly for me. Rarely hangs, plenty of memory, good processing speed. Unfortunately for me, Sony slashed the price by almost 2k a couple of weeks after i bought this product. The best compact phone in its category.
I am using it from past 6 months with no issues. worth every penny. Great service from flipkart in terms of quality & packaging.
Just only one negative point, screen is a bit small. But at this price all is ACCEPTED from such a brand.
I've had this phone for 9 months now and am very happy with it. I am not a heavy user. Occasionally I check emails, facebook, linkedin updates or read news on it. Battery easily lasts 2 days on a charge, sometimes 3 days depending on usage. The small size makes it convenient to carry in a pocket. I have more than 40 apps installed and it works fine without lags. Highly recommended.
I think Sony mobile products are not upto the mark compared to the quality and service of others (like Samsung and Micromax). I had taken Sony experia tipo from flipkart in Feb month. Visited Sony service center 2-3 times for touch calibration and other issues. Suddenly last Saturday, Phone touch sensitivity stopped working. Service center said mobile display is damaged due to water and you'll have to install a new one which costs around 3500 rupees. I suggest flipkart customers not to buy tipo phone. And I think Sony should be last option for purchasing mobile phone.
its a very good android phone.. for this price i guarantee its worth..... i am using this mobile . when i buy this i think its a waste.. but it has some specialties which likes it i uses it about 9months .. no problems
I am a great fab of sony.. I did not take into account the reviews that warned against this phone.. but to say I must agree... this is a terrible phone.. it is just 20 days from the date i got this phone from flipkart...
I got my one some days earlier and here are my views: Pros: Gaming: This little device handle all of the games Flawlessly because of the (aderno 200) tried shadowgun and ravensword :shadowlands in it didn't lagged Sound: Simply mind blowing sound truely xLOUD. Feautures: Oh!! there are enough of it either the facebook conectivity or the proximity sensors. Storage: You get a better 2.9 gb installed and its enough. Screen: This is to be mentioned it is truely scrach resistant and you all know what i even tried to scratch through a compass but nothing happened to the screen Cons: I haven't found any yah it could be no front camera or the screen is a tad small but boy look at the price it is coming . Simply awesome and if someone is having problems to import the contacts just go into the dialler app in the phone and press the option button and then import contacts
on 31st day it had no display on the screen and flipkart refused to return as it was over 30 days so had to search for sony showroom which was nowhere near our location... my suggestion to all please buy this product if you want to get confused and troubled.
I did a lot of searching on the internet and I came across Xperia Tipo and after going through all the reviews I finally decided to get it. I was planning on placing the order on Flipkart itself but the price kept changing everyday so, I got it from a local mobile store. So let's start with the review. The phone is great. I got it on the 1st of August and everything's working fine. I'd also suggest that make sure you check the phone's touch sensitivity since I myself at the store have experienced a few problems with it. The screen wouldn't respond so the storekeeper exchanged the piece and I got the one that is working absolutely fine. It must be a manufacturing defect but the one I have in possession right now is working just fine. It's smooth. Fast, and not bad. This phone isn't for gaming. Temple Run works fine but at times, it slows down so, a 'no' for gaming. Camera is pretty good for a phone at this price. Can do better. Incoming and Outgoing calls - no problem there. Whatsapp is working perfectly. Instagram is great too. The screen is a bit short but only for people who are patient enough will get used to it. Plus point, it's a very cute and attractive phone. The Xperia logo on the front and the back is like candy to the eyes. Messaging is also great. WiFi - cool enough. A good phone at this budget. If you didn't like Tipo, you can go for Xperia E.
Not sure how to express, the volume is very less. Even when we use loud speeaker. Not sure whether it has any problem. Even the Xloud volume enhancement is there. Inspite of that also volume is very less.
Couple of months it worked fine..Later it turned as magic box..Can't predict how it works. Touch is the worst part of it and phone is very very slow. I have reset factory settings still it is not working fine. No additional apps installed still very very slow. It is becoming a phone which can't be operated. Don't go for it.
I have been using this phone from past 9 months, so thought its the best time to rate as it's now used for ample time to be rated. My rating: 2 stars Pros: 1. Good Features (GPS + 3G + ICS) 2. Cheap Cos: 1. If more than 3-4 apps are running (natural for a smart phone), the UI becomes unresponsive, i have felt this mostly while using watsapp, so literally you can't type. 2. Sound quality is horrible, put the phone on speaker and you can't hear if there is little bit of noise. 3. Music player crashes frequently. 4. Poor screen quality. I can only see small scratches everywhere, and in daytime it gives you nightmare to read. 5. Not so responsive screen. Phone is responsive after a restart but responsiveness decreases after couple of hours, i used to restart it daily. Overall, i'd not recommend a cheap smart phone from any vendor.
I hav purchased this phone from flipkart. starting five months working good enough. now the touch is not working properly. my friend is facing the same problem. please dont go for this phone..........................................................................................................................................................................................
Mainly the set is of 2 gb internal memory but the camera support is so poor and the set gets hang and there is no flash in it thats the another draw back other than that its simply super and if u r not opting for any camera then is it with sony high end service
I bought this phone last week, as a test engineer i tested everything within 7 days and result is it is a good phone in this budget. The screen and in build functionality is great to use. Supports all games and very fast in responce. I like it........
Hi Folks, Let me start with what I faced after taking the phone out of the cover - I could not open the battery case! It has a tiny slot where you are supposed to insert your finger and lift the lid 'slowly' - but it's tight! So, I spent a lot of sweat trying not to damage my new phone and got it open. Inside, the sim, battery and micro SD slots are neatly made - so easy and simple! The ICS is fast and boots within seconds - I copied my previous contacts from my laptop in a jiffy and started exploring the device more closely. I am not a big time gamer and android apps don't appeal to me much - but I was very happy (and surprised!) to find a very very solid battery life - I have been using last 24 hrs flat with music, texting etc. and its going strong - ofcourse, with heavy apps or browsing, expect your battery to last 5-6 hours max. While listening to music though, I felt there should be a home button from where I can skip tracks easily, otherwise everytime I have to press the on/off button to navigate the music menu. It's crisp, music is nice, texting is fun - and I am happy overall. Sometimes, the touch does not respond (maybe I am not 'touching' it properly ;-)) - but overall its good. P.S.: LOUD speakers have done justice to their names! Entry level smart phone -> Xperia Tipo is a good choice.
I was very much excited when I ordered this phone. As usual the service of Flipkart was cool, but now come to the point about the SONY XPERIA TIPO it's was a waste of time for me when I did Research on this product and finally decided to buy it. I was wrong about the my decision, the worst thing is the "TOUCH SENSITIVITY is SO BAD". Press the menu button and it will take you to music, press the back button and it will take you somewhere else, hahaha kinda thrilling and adventurous phone. So WHATS THE BENEFIT if a touch is not working properly. only 1 thing I liked that was the sound. But ALAS, AT LAST I RETURNED THE PHONE.
Screen Touch bahut hi Ghatiya. Bahut h kharab quality. processors are very slow. Isse achha aur koi mobile le lo o jyada achha rahega. Lekin Y mobile mat lo. Maine do bar y mobile replacement karke liya. Lekin wahi very bad experience.
The phone is just awesome, the XPERIA range is under 10k s tooo superb ;) The touchscreen is just mindblowing,the music is fabulous,camera is goooooddd:) Very comfortable in hands and I think 1gb internal storage for these kinds phones is more than enough. I got an free screen protector from Sony.The app battery power saver recommended by Sony,the app tells you on how you can consume Your phones battery wisely and prevent unnecessary heating of the phone. Amazing Phone and Amazing Price :) Get it to experience it
ek dum sada mobile hai ... dual sim lagate he hang ho jaaata hai.. baar baar restart hone lagta hai... 3g par to kya kehne.... single sim k hote hue bhe kai baar restart ho jaata hai... net serve karte karte restart...... ek dum bakwaas hai... service center bhe kuch nahe kar paa raha hi... now i m gong to consumer forum .....
I am not gonna talk about flipkart's delivery, it is awesome as always. Now coming to the phone, it is an absolute beauty. I've seen many reviews which were written against it, but I can understand why. It does have a touch issue which is only a minor software glitch and can be fixed in less than five minutes by downloading the touchFWtool.apk (google it) and installing it. Pros: Highly responsive touch, Battery life, easy of use, internal memory and finally ICS (it doesn't have the jelly bean update though) Cons: Camera: pretty decent, but not up to the mark, I can deal with it though Typing: I found it really hard texting on this phone because of the screen size. But again it is all about getting used to, isn't it?
nice camera nice recording 3d gaming nice apps best than samgung best phone xperia is best only one bad thing no flash cute look law weight 3.2 MP Primary Camera 800 MHz Scorpion Processor Wi-Fi Enabled Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB Android v4 (Ice Cream Sandwich) Digital Zoom - 4x
Hello Guys, I though to buy this new Sony Xperia Tipo and found most of the reviews helpful. Somehow, majority of the users are regretting after taking this phone. Im not sure if I did a mistake or the finest decision ever. However, I am waiting for this phone to arrive as I have already placed an order. Hope to see some positive reviews till it arrives :) Regards, Ahmed.
Hi ! About Flipkart delivery:- I bought this phone from flipkart.com and believe me Flipkart done a great job.They deliver this product before 2 days from the date of delivery.So, do not think about flipkart delivery service. Then I am coming to Sony Tipo:- Before purchase, I thought about different kind of Android phone and about their features. First, I thought about samsung then micromax and then nokia.Then I decided to purchase Sony Xperia Tipo.Really pict quality,Cam quality,Sound is amazing. You will not get a single phone like this within 6-7k budget.Please go for it if you are thinking to by a new android.It has updated android for using smooth internet access, better screen resolution comparing with another android phones between 6-7k.Even Good Look also. Go for it guys.After all it's SONY and made for young people. you can also contact with me for any kind of info about this phone at - apu_biswas@ymail.com
Hats off to flipkart's ekart logistics. They delivered me the phone on the very next day i placed the order. You won't get all these features in any other smartphone in this price range. The screen touch will annoy you a lot. But then this problem can be solved by Calibrating the screen using the software "TouchFWTool". Once you've done this, it's a smooth experience with the screen touch. "TouchFWTool" is an Open Source Android Application. So, install it at our own risk. I did all the above mentioned. Excellent phone...Go for it. But for your experience to be good...you have to install "TouchFWTool".
everthings fine from top to bottom... when i use hotspot it gives better speed than my modem does.... fast surfing.... and voice recognition is awsme.... track id app is awsme can recognize any song within 7 secs... awsme with 2g speed.. can play hd videos too using mx player with lang option... love it touch screen is very responsive.... has all the features like gps, latest android..etc. etc. cons takes time to load temple run.... subway surfer.... u cant run many app at same time......as it fills memory...512mb at this price its a steal deal....
tipo gave me good xperience with wid d androids initially ie. 10-15 days bt rebooting problems den started badly . went 2 d service center kept 4 almost a month bt d problem persisted .. then FK prooved helpful n replaced it....after 2-3 months touch problems n d all tym famous LAGGING started ..... i could play temple run 1-2 , subway surfers lyk games in d best conditon then bt now it cant dare 2 do so.... It hangs a no. of tyms now the touch has gone mad smtyms takes minutes to respond(5-10 min) ...multiple apps could be opened my me then bt now i cant as it starts lagging .. The worst part iz in d back side behind d battery which's d memory card, need a PEN nib to take out (as told by d service center official ) Pros r also dere lyk a good camera (without a flash) bt takes clean at tyms the back cover iz scratch resistant which i lykd d most about mah tipo ..The USB charger was gr8 2u bt a bit small in length n much samll dan samsung !!!!!!! dis can b agud opt 4 u if u change phones at regular intervals bt not 4 long tym users lyk me so selling dis phn!!!
Flipkart's service is very good. As far as this mobile is concerned, this is totally waste. Parts will go to non-functional state one by one. finally Display will go off in max 6 months. Don't go for it.
Disappointed with the product.Had high hopes on this one.Touch takes ages to respond now.Its been 3 months since I purchased it.Had gone for a cheaper ,budget friendly smartphones,now regretting my decision.
i bought it 7 months ago used it for 5 months to realise how stupid i was to buy dis cell....frstly yu vil feel waow owsum...den slowly yo internal memry will b full,full by unknown stuffs wch yu cant delete!!! the opp system vil eventualy becum so slow dat it wil tak 2 secs jst to open d menu page!! the touch is equally bad....sometimes it takes two gestures...!!! plz dont buy sony phns coz aftr dis i bought my self sony xperia E wch is nothing but tipo in a diff case!!! i even used xperia U of my brother and its same! sony should keep dere xpertise in cameras and music system not depublicise its image wth such stupid phnes. if yu planin to buy a phn in dis range go fo HTC dats wot m using nao,its mch bettr dan d sony,yu can even go for lumia...Nokia never disapoints!!
Excellent performance and look also very good compare to other product in this price. i feel little bit better camara quality... but it is not bad compare to sumsung mobiles. must improve internal memory and camara future.
PLEASE NOTE: nice looking sharp edges of this phone is a smart trick from Sony to deny warranty. I had a worst customer service experience. after 3-4 months of buying, My phone stopped detecting sim card, and when i approached customer care, they denied warranty since there was a small scratch on one of the edges! ONE MORE incident: My friend bought Xperia Miro, which stopped working after 6 months. It wasn't even switching on. When he approached customer service, they found it due to be a faulty motherboard. again, they denied warranty since there was a scratch on the phone! they estimated the cost to be 8k for a 12k phone. YES, THIS IS CALLED DAY ROBBERY. Apart from that, here you have few more: Specifications of this phone make you rightly feel that its the best under 10k. But, 1) Music player/gallery often crashes with the messages like 'gallery its unfortunately stopped'. Hmm, they say UNFORTUNATELY, hiding the fact of their buggy software :) there are fixes to this issue. Just google around. 2) Phone becomes slow once you fill in applications. Not a big issue, you cant expect 800Mhz, 512MB RAMed phone to hold a 4.0 OS and work as superphone. Though i was/am a die-hard Sony fan, here is my suggestion: NEVER go for XPERIA, samsung is way, way better.
Sucks!! Hey guys,Even if you are new to the smartphone segment and want to buy a new phone,Dont't buy this one..Just think of what all phones are available at this time.It has got good looks,good camera,but other than that??Nothing,Plainly nothing!!Just go for Micromax A116 HD.Samsung released this phone only in India just to compete with overgrowing Micromax..Micromax A116 Canvas HD!!Just look at its specs..It has got a cortex A7 1.2 GHZ Processor compared to 1.2Ghz of this one..And about the display,This has got a WVGA display whereas the A116 got a stunning HD display(1280*720).The Canvas HD is also RS15000 only..Micromax is getting better and better..Think twice before buying anything cause the investment is large and you must never regret in future.If you are skeptical,Just go,Google Micromax a116 vs Samsung galaxy grand..You'll come to know..If you find my review useful,Vote it high and make it stay on top so that others too find it :)
This is the cheapest Xperia phone from the Sony stable but has a classy feel and finish as its counterparts. The highlight of this phone has to be that it comes with Android 4.0.4 ICS. The phone has a sturdy build and a glossy bezel finish. It has a rubberized back cover to avoid scratches and fingerprints. An 800 MHz processor, 512 MB RAM account for a smooth user experience. It can multitask all the IM, social networking and the latest gaming apps at ease with no lag. GPS, maps and location services work well. 2GB of internal memory and 550 MB of phone memory is available to install apps. Battery backup is great and can last a day at work or out with internet usage. The display is 3.2" and can be intimidating compared to the display sizes of phones costing in this range. The phone also feels a lot more compact. The camera is at 3.2 MP and it does not include flash, so keep your expectations low in this part. Those looking for an Android ICS experience at a lower budget can definitely go for this. First time Android users will definitely love this phone. However for those whose primary focus is bigger display and better camera with flash need to look out for options in the higher segment.
Sony Tipo is one of the best android 4 ICS smart phone in Rs.8000/- range.... it has Android 4 ICS OS, good screen, smart touch and enough 4GB internal space for Apps. better then samsung/htc/LG in below 10k range.... go for it........
I bought this phone three months ago unfortunately not from flipkart. This is a very good budget phone. Games like angry birds, fruit ninja, temple run ran without any lag. Also heavy games like GTA3, Shadowgun, Frontline Commando, Gangstar 1,2, Nova, Asphalt 5 etc. have a few frameskip.Music and call quality is also good. Processor 800MHz but no noticable lags.Android 4.0.4 ICS operating system. Only con is the bad quality camera. Overall a good budget smartfone!!!!!!
Hi all. I am using this phone from the past 1 month and all I can say it is an awesome phone. If you are looking for an android phone under 10000 Rs., go for it. Dont even check any other phone. Seriously. This phone has all you want.
Hey Guys, I saw the comments made by all of u guys. it lacks one by April last Sony Xperia Tipo as a product which is sold in an un expected number, Sony or the Japanese producers are going to release android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean update for this phone. I am also a Tipo user and I am waiting for the update. but many phones above 10k are not going to receive jelly bean update. so go for this phone. You will never get these features and Jelly Bean for any branded smartphone at this price. GO FOT IT.....It is the only phone with these feautures at this price at this awesome company quality as well as product quality...It is my recommendation to buy this great phone. Please forgive the company for its little decrease in quality of the camera as it is an ignorable pint of taking photos in a dark place.
it's perfect smart phone with android 4.0.. 100% satisfied.. dont think..buy it fastly.. great sound.. great touch screen.. great look.. no other company offered these futures in this price.. just awesome.. red looking lovely..
Very satisfied with the purchase. Having fun using all the features. Very user friendly and smooth screen. All applications working fine. Upgraded to 3G recently and now it is much more fun. Only one drawback. Battery needs charging regularly. Maybe be because of my heavy usage :-)
Pros: + For an entry-level Android phone, it has a decent processor, memory and OS (ICS), providing it with a clear edge in performance over smartphones in its price category. + Sound quality from the speakers using Sony's xLOUD technology is very good. + Battery life is excellent, even with heavy use of 3G. Cons: - The biggest downside is the camera, which does a pretty poor job for its resolution. A two-year old LG Optimus V shoots better pictures (with the same camera resolution). - The corners of the touchscreen are not very responsive. - Wifi connectivity drops dramatically with distance from the router. (I tested this with different router models and against other Android phones in the same price range, e.g. LG Optimus V and Samsung Galaxy Y).
About the phone: Well this phone is worth for the price we get it. Android ICS, great speaker output,great battery life. The touchscreen is just mindblowing,the music is fabulous,camera is good but not the best. Guys I can say just go for it!!!!!!!!!!!
When it comes to Sony Product I use to buy it blindly, but within these few months I've faced many problems with all my Sony products. With my Sony Xperia Go and the LED Bravia Television. Regarding Sony Xperia Tipo its an excellent phone at this price, but again Sony has disappointed me. The phone starts lagging within a couple of months and very soon its touch sense got finished all over. You've to tap the screen like you are using a keyboard very hardly to process the function. I'm sure many people with Xperia Tipo might have faced this issue, but let me help you. Follow this link http://goo.gl/A7ph1 there you'll get an app which only works for Xperia Tipo. I was about to give this phone 1 star due to this issue but since its completely solved now I've no regret to rate it 4 stars with all bundled feature at very reasonable price.
Hi Friends, I have purchased this phone in a dual mode for my wife and purchased the Samsung Galaxy S Duos 7562 for myself. But believe me guys and gals this phone is much better than the Samsung Galaxy Duos S 7562. The Touch and Music Output of Sony Xperia Tipo is much good as compared to the Samsung Galaxy Duos S 7562. I am feeling quite bad that even after spending 12K on Samsung Galaxy Duos S 7562 I am not satisfied with the handset. I wish I would have spend Rs 8.5K on Sony Xperia Tipo and purchased it. Really guys and gals Sony Xperia Tipo is much good as compared to carrying through travelling in Mumbai Local Trains. Carrying Big Display handset becomes quite difficult while travelling and also believe me the bigger the handset, the bigger would be the problem of handling and using it. Sony Xperia Tipo is just like "Chota Packet Bada dhamaka". Bindaas Go for Sony Xperia Tipo as it has good touch and good display output. My wife is highly satisfied with this wonderful small handset. Just Go For it ("-_-")
Best phone under 10k for sure...Xperia series making people go gaga with its design and specs...And the phone is very handy...The best thing is it provides 2.5k internal spacing where other mobiles wont give. Best Buy!! :)
Tipo really sucks to the core u will feel it if u buy it processor is just 800mhz i am facing a looooooooooooooooooooot of lags and its screen is tooo small now a days its time for phablets of 5 inches screen but this is just 3.2inch,cam is just ok ,lags with each and every game,not even good for regular usage think think sony suckssssssss plz dont buy this shit just bcoz of internal memry dont buy this phone think 100 times dont repent afterwards
Display is very poor like a china phone...... just a waste of money.. i have used it for 1 month and goes to the service center 3 times... samsung galaxy music is much better in this price range,,,with same features like this..
I was scared to take anything apart from nokia. But i went for Sony Xperia Tipo and it paid off....It is worth taking phone...best apps...i will suggest people to go for it...!!!The phone has an elegant look, The battery has done justice to the phone, The sound quality is so very SONY. This phone is really good for users with average requirements. Heavy users can skip this one.
I bought it for Rs. 9499 and now its available just for RS. 8499, it hurts. But as far the Phone is concerned, u can't expect anything better with that price! Simply AWESOME...its stylish, elegant, easy to handle! The camera is nice but not as expected and neither the sound but rest of the features are good. YOU SHOULD BUY IT!!
I m using this phone from 23 dec 2012..., I am not that much satisfied i want to be...till now i didn't found any touch issues... if anybody has TOUCH ISSUES so plz. dwld CALIBRATION TEST app, it will remove such kind of issues. sound quality is very poor but if u use headphones of skullcandy u will feel happy. Under 10k this mob is good option...if u want more quality products then u have to increase ur budget.
iam not satisfied with the head phones.... very low sound in them... just getting a minimum sound at maximum volume.. and not playing all the beats.. if this is a problem only to my device,pls let me knw..
really a gr8 phone in comparison with the other phones of same range especially Samsung galaxy chat. nice display and smooth operation with a good music which is specialty of Sony. also very sturdy and robust design. I am using for almost 6 months and dint found any special faults definitely worth if you are looking for a range between 8-10 k.
I'm using Tipo from Oct 1. The phone is pretty good with few pros and cons. 1) Design: Tipo looks stylish and has nice shape. Grip is good. I use it with single hand to do many tasks, it doesn't slips from hand. Rating: 4/5 2) Performance: CPU 800 MHz and Adreno 200 give good performance. Games don't hange or lag even while using background apps and playing music, though while track is chamged, games lag a little for a second. Phones' UI is nice and responsive. Over the time, phone starts going slow, which is normal in Android or any OS. I've disabled many Sony's apps, they are useless. Rating: 4/5 3) Battery: Battery on stand-by mode or minimal usage lasts for 1-2 days easily. On heavy usage like Data network on and gaming it lasts for a day. You can easily watch Movies for 1-2 days. Same for music. :) That's good about its battery. Rating: 4/5 4) NO JB Update!: This is saddest part of this phone. Sony launches other Xperias having same specs or 1 GHz CPU with JB, but refuses to give JB for Tipo. Even Samsung is upgrading many phones similar to Tipo to JB. 5) Call quality: Voice is heard clearly on both sides and Voice recording is very nice. Rating: 5/5 Conclusion: You should buy this phone only if you want normal performance and little taste of Android. I don't recommend it to buy.
Much has been said about Tipo's poor quality camera and no flash. Tipo actually comes with advanced settings for its primary camera, that make flash almost unnecessary. Download the Sony Tipo User Guide from the Internet and read pp 84-89 to set the camera for use in poor lighting conditions, zooming and other light and colour balance features. Absence of secondary camera is still a disadvantage, as Skype can't be used on this phone.
Really satisfied with its qualities.. what it says it gives the same.. if u r searching for a phone under 10k must buy this only... some times becomes slow but regains its position as fast as possible...
Oh this is the best branded phone under 10000RS I should have checked flipkart before buying a galaxy y from my nearest store This has an ics,2.9 gb internal memory,3-2mp camera,a GPU.....so much more and only for 8700..The nearest samsung smartfone centre charged Rs 7500 for the Galaxy y young Really i should have checked flipkart I really regret now
this is good phone but internet features are not good. i thing internet is very bad in this phone. and battery life is good.. and flipkart is super service for deliverying.. temple run 2 is not working properly in this phone..
today the Sony Xperia tipo (ST21i) has had new Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich certified with version number 11.0.A.4.27. The Sony Xperia tipo dual (ST21i2) has seen firmware version 11.0.A.6.8 certified. and i must say it is lot more touch responsive and has better walkman feel look to it with the new walkman app please update it go to settings and in about phone chk ur andoird version and firmware version it should b 11.0.a.4.27
Bought this phne after 3 months of research Pros: 1. Good wifi (fast) 2. I think good battery life (used it for 2 full days - talktime of almost 5 hours) 3. Easy and intelligent menu 4. Pleasing interface and good music 5. Happy to receive this order from flipkart+ screen cover + 8 GB sandisk card for the price quoting now. 6. Unlike what other people have said, this phone does not feel buklky at all and looks good. Cons 1. SIM card slot positon is really stupid
I purchased this phone not from flipkart as I want to exchange from my old one with the new phone. But from local market. But flipkart review help me very much to find out my choice phone. I was searching in such phone which can run an application www.voicevibes.net which plays live Vivid Bharati station of all India radio aired form Mumbai Staion. Entryphone I tried to run this application in many phones including My Nokia E-52 but failed. I understand that nobody required this application but for me this was so important that I have changed my 04 sets for this. Only the cons. of this phone is that it has not LED flash and small screen. But for the photography you use digital camera which are designed for special photography. Net speed of this phone is like 1Ghz of galaxy series. screen resolution is very sharp even in sunlight you can read it clearly.
The main problem with this product is its Touch.It is unresponsive,have to click 3-4 times to get a thing done.I had bought it 3 months ago and the way it is functioning it seems as it is 3 years old!i had gone to the service station they said that it has some calibration issue they returned my phone after 10 days!!and still the problem occurs!finally i am thinking of selling it off or buying a new phone.Sony you have disappointed me.:(
Amazing phone for the price. Good Display, Good Battery Back Up, ICS 4.0. Does not get better for the price you pay for it. Only problem is the Processor and some occasional lag. But cannot expect anything better for the price. Totally satisfied with it. FLV and other Videos that the stock player does not support can always be played by downloading the MX Player or VLC from the Android Market. Do expect the best phone that in this price range. You will not be disappointed with this buy.
All those people complaining about touch screen problem is a software problem and the solution is simple all u got to do is install TOUCHFWTOOLS.apk in your phone place it over a flat surface example a table then run Calibrate and after few mins its done ur touch screen is smooth as silk, u can uninstall the app then https://rapidshare.com/#!download|824p2|3852306708|TouchFWTools.apk|35|0|0|1|referer-80C3D610C9FDF86E95648344E7563243
Budget phone with support for almost every android application and decent battery life coupled with Adreno Graphics. This piece of Xperia does it all. Absence of front cam can be managed with the rear cam while using skype. Pros: Good Battery Life 1500mAh Decent Display resolution Good for gaming Supports most of the android applications(Gaming, utility apps) Cons: Small sized display. Camera Quality not too awesome but decent. Looking for a bugdet smartphone with all the basic features? Go for it.
This is an amazing phone in this price bracket. You are definitely gonna luv it for sure. And a big "WOW" to the unmatched delivery of FLIPKART. I'm still amazed by the features of this phone. Outstanding...
considering the brandname and price,this phone should have been better...the touchscreen sometimes miss touches....the touch sensitive buttons placed below sometimes respond after touching twice or thrice..lagging issues..heavy webpages have problems with scrolling,pinch to zoom,selecting a link,etc....the virtual keyboard will also give you some trouble....it cannot play 720p videos smoothly....its better if you put it away from hd or full hd videos...the display is just mindblowing...apart from the cons stated above,,the phone is perfect in all other aspects....if you are typing,playing games,reading,web browsing,watching videos, its better to use the landscape mode....the gaming experience is just awesome....the ICS fits quite well in this phone....
Good mobile,with cool specification only con is it's lag a little bit yes,It have notification led it blinks blue light when ever u recieve a message r mail r other and also it indicates while charging :)
In my opinion the so called "Plastic Toys" are much better than this. It can't handle all those graphics intensive games. Also, it's not the only phone to provide ICS under 10k. There are a lot more. This phone is just the beginner's choice but still its too costly for what it is. A big NO from me.... Only 800 mhz processor for 8k? Come on man!!
I RECENTLY BROUGHT IT AND HAD ISSUE WITH ITS TOUCH SENSOR.....AND GOT IT REPLACED WITH A NEW ONE AND THAT TOO HAD THE SAME ISSUE.. WHEN CONTACTED THE SONY DEALER THEY FORCED ME TO BUY HIGHER END PHONES (10 K +) TO AVOID SUCH ISSUES ..LATER BROUGHT MIRO.....
I bought this phone in January, not from Flipkart. The phone is great. Android 4.0 ICS is just awesome, runs like a charm on 800 MHz processor. I thought the phone would be slow because of slow processor, but I was wrong. Runs games like Temple Run, Temple Run 2, Subway Surfers, Fruit Ninja without lags. However the phone gets slow when using more than 4 apps at time. Internet is really fast on 2G, don't know about 3G, I don't use 3G. A superb phone. You can get Micromax Canvas for 10 k but with buying this, you get SONY.
I just get it. Superb. But no free SD Card. Lightning fast delivery. I hope I can now join Xperia Club USA.The purpose of a UPS or Uninterruptible Power Supply is to supply emergency power immediately when the input power (standard mains power in the case of a home computer) fails. UPS systems are typically used to protect computers which can be damaged if mains power fails suddenly, but they can be used to power any device (wattage permitting). Domestic UPS units typically store enough power to run a standard computer for between 5-15 minutes - long enough to restore power or shut it down safely - but larger units are available for industrial use (for example in data centres). The disadvantage of running a computer without a UPS is that, if the mains power fails suddenly, you stand a significant chance of data on the computer being corrupted. Most operating systems store data in a buffer and write it to the hard disk occasionally. This makes the computer run faster, but if the computer loses power before the data is written to disk the data will be lost and in the case of system files the operating system and the file system on the disk might be corrupted. It's a similar principal to unplugging a flash drive without running the Safely Remove Hardware wizard. As well as supplying power, some UPS units are also capable of smoothing voltage spikes and dips. Although these often aren't noticeable, over time they will cause damage to your computer and other electronic items. UPS units can be quite expensive, both to buy and maintain (they use some electricity to keep their internal batteries topped up, and like any other rechargeable batteries they will eventually need replacing). In the UK and most of Western Europe where the mains power supply is fairly stable, using a UPS with a home computer is almost unheard of because the cost outweighs the benefits. In my opinion, they're only worth considering for safety-critical applications or if you're living in an area which has frequent power cuts. Dr. Manimala.
Srsly!!! u wont get an icecream sandwich at this rate!! nd if u compare it wid samsung ace which is around the same price ...this things internal memory and os make it awsum! srsly 800 phone memory nd 1.8gb internal! + u can hav a memory card upto 32 gb!! compare ths wid 160 mb internal of samsung!! u can hav any number of apps in ths!! it gets slow buh still ...jst awsum!! :D nothn less!
This is one of the best phones you will get at the moment under 10k this time and believe me the price on flipkart is just amazing... The phone works very good, has the latest android and really is amazing... I won't complain about the lack of flash ,as given the prize , this phone outshines many others expensive than this... If you are looking for something under 10k then is a very good bet , full stars for the phone and of course flipkart
I bought this phone a couple of weeks ago and found this to be pretty good in running every game and app of playstore eventho it cant run high end ones still it can match up with middle ranged hansets but 1 problem it is so hard to remove sd card from the sd card slot!
I brought this mobile last month. Advantage: 1) Andriod 4.0 with less cost 2) Nice touch interface 3) LED notification for everything so you do not open mobile for check missed call, message and mail alerts etc 4) Very Loud speaker 5) High Internal memory under 10k, so you can install lot of apps without any problem and change of speed 6) Browsing experience is good Disadvantage : 1) Camera quality is not good as expected, reality is missing in photos and video quality is not at all good. 2) If you hear songs in headset sound is very low even if you use any kind of head phone you can not get loudness 3) Sony not giving quality as Sony Ericson
Low pixel density does not affect the crispness of this screen.Screen is not big,the only reason I was considering Lumia 510.Screen is rather small..but not tiny.ICS is real smooth with 512 MB RAM along with Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 Mhz.Almost all apps run perfectly,ICS out of the box.The visually best game,Dead Trigger runs at a constant 27-30 frames and NFS Most Wanted at 30 fps.The phone is really smooth,though it is the lowest priced Xperia device,but it has a better battery than it's older brothers..like the U,Sola,Go and Miro..which is the justification of it's magnificent battery life..The camera isn't the best you can get for this price but then again,you have other choices like the Lumia 510.But except the camera (it doesn't have flash either,don't expect flash from this price) this phone will be "THE" best choice under 12k.Beats Lumia 510 to pulp.. Pros: Excellent specs for Rs. 9499 Battery life rocks,it will last you 2 days under mid-high usage Runs every app perfectly,each one of them. Cons: None except the camera Buy this,best under 10k
Had done a lot of research before finalising on this and am happy with my purchase. Was sorely tempted to go for the Lumia 610. However, cumbersome transfer methods steered me away from the Lumia. As regards delivery from Flipkart, needless to say, was super quick. Am only feeling bad that the phone is now available at a cheaper price.
Sony Ericsson was awesome, then they left Ericsson and start producing shit mobiles with little variations. All 2012 and 2013 xperias look like copies of each other. All have very random problems which annoy users Like: 1 Bad GPS 2 Poor battery 3 there might be 512 MB ram but only 300 MB wil be user available 4 there might be 8 GB space but only 4 GB user available 5 Call drops 6 Pathetic camera 7 Where are the updates?? 8 Lags like a 2000 Rs phone after installing 20 -30 apps 9 vERY POOR customer service. 10 Normal earphones which work on every fucking phone on the planet will not work on Sony, worse you are supposed to my sony smart headset . IMHO think 10 times before wasting your money on a Sony Product
+'s 3.2 mp cam good 2 hear music android 4.0.4 -'s tft screen( hard to remove/delete widgets) hard to play games like real football 2012 apps are either stored on internal mem and phone mem but not on external . root directory not accesible
I would like to suggest people who go for less price.This is simple and best one having all features.And one more buy in Flipkart please dont go for universall(very bad experiance) or any other showrooms .Smart looking
Good stuff from brand lik sony, over all performance makes you feel good - The compact look, screen size, touch response, battery backup, built in memory, camera, browsing, etc etc with Flipkarts service.. Its just Good .. ;)
Really poor product. Have been using it for 2 months. Felt very bad. hangs too often, then i have to switch it off and switch it on. don't go for it, even though if you feel like its having many features at this range.
The phone is great as far as its specs are concerned..but it may give some touchscreen problems at times. There is a patch available for it in the Sony official site, but its doesn't help much. Games like Temple Run, runs quite smoothly, Resolution is average. BUILD QUALITY IS ABSOLUTE LET DOWN. The plastic body is very weak, and creaks at certain position if pressure is applied..!!
it's a good one.but after installing 3 or 4 application it becomes to perform slowly.& also battery life in not so good.but except this all other feature is great,one of the best in current market within 10k.
this phone beats all other models of entry level smartphones * Best sound clary clarity * Best display * camera is not good enuf but comparatively better * Very handy * 688 Ratings ..............................................................................................................................
There is a lot for first time .. 1. Touchscreen 2. Smartphone 3. Sony I am a Nokia user and a great fan of Nokia. For my first android smartphone i searched for a perfect phone under 10k for last 3months . Rejected a lot . Finally bought this awesome yesterday. And in this two days i haven't yet found any flaw. I am happy. Its a very smooth phone , fast and ease to use. Some of the best features are 1. Sound 2. Pinch to zoom 3. Video recording . This is the best budget smartphone in current mobile market. And believe me .. this is 200% genuine review .
Sony Xperia Tipo 3.2 MP Primary Camera,3.2-inch Touchscreen,800 MHz Processor,Android v 4.0 OS in a very low price given by the Flipkart.Also Flipkart serve their service very fast and secure.I give you guides another company name from where you can buy a product or post your products advertisement.There also you can get a chance to free recharge your mobile account by giving the answer of some general question.
This product is backed up by the brand equity of Sony. Excellent overall from the point of the price value proposition. However the following are the glitches that I have faced within one month of buying: - Guess Xperia platform has inherent defect as far as the touch experience is concerned. - There are specific patches that are available; which can be downloaded - Wish Sony has taken the initiative and provided the patch to all the buyers or online - Charger is not working; now exploring the replacement for the charger. Perhaps Nokia Lumia 510 is very well priced in this category ; but for the proprietory OS. Its built is much more sleeker and nicer.
I got my Tipo almost a month back, it is working flawlessly. Got a screen guard & 8 GB memory card free!! what else you want... the touch is great, sound is superb, Sony always comes with good camera even though this cell has 3.2 MP, the quality is far better than any other company cell with 3.2 MP. Any one who is in double mind, please clear up the mess and do go ahead and buy Tipo..!! Thanks Flipkart
best thing about the phone is it from SONY..there are some pros n cons.. Pros: ->Awesome graphic interface. ->Battery life last about 2 days with normal usage. ->Ultra sensitive touch. Cons: ->Earphone quality is not so good. No bass. ->Hangs a lot with more apps. ->Does not plays 720p vids..but 480p vids works fine.
It's a nice phone in this segment. Only Drawback is that it costs 9k. Features: Latest Android Music Battery Con: The hardware is not at that level (3.2inch screen,camera,processors,etc) Galaxy Ace has better built and Galaxy Ace can be updated to JellyBean ROM with custom ROMS (not official) Therefore Galaxy ACE + JellyBean Custom Rom vs. Sony Xperia Tipo ACE wins !!!!!!!!!!!! \m/ Conclusions : For end users who are not so technical and are afraid to install custom ROMs this phone is best and for others i would say ACE
My biggest dissapointment is the battery life. very very poor. otherwise the features of the phone are good. can run a number of programs together at the same time. lots of pre-loaded apps, but sadly no games.
If u want a nice cell u should buy. I loved this cell and i loved the xloud sound of it........ its awesome :) 512 mb ram Ice cream sandwich OS And what a camera............................................................... please buy this 1 .................................................................................................................................................................
Have bought two Sony Xperia Tipo and I'm loving both of them. After a long time nice entry level phone from Sony. Pros: Nice touch Nice Sound Quality Awesome features Nice built in apps Cons: Camera quality not excellent goes bad during Night Time shoot No Flash Bit Pricy
Its been more than 2 months and Tipo is still working like butter. I have read here many bad review about it and i hadn't found such problem with my Tipo. Those must be defective piece!!!!! I am quite happy with it :)
Its performance is good. i have been using since a week and it is too good. For a person seeking for a smart phone in this range i would recommend this than any other model in this range. Navigation is very good. Ram is little insufficient but suits the purpose. Overall this is a very good phone to use
buy from local market. but face so much problems after use it 1) Echo problem. 2) call auto disconnect if remove headset during call or insert headset in jack during call. 3) service support from sony is very poor
this is bullshit of comparing other dummy mobiles with XPERIA TIPO... this is a great mobile... pls dont compare samsung galaxy y and other mobiles with this great mobile.... this product gaves a great reputation for sony brand....
I bought this phone 10 days before (Not from Flipkart) and want to share my experience with it. Believe me Guys, it has a major draw back. The phone works fine with all the voice calls directly (when ear phone is not connected). But if you use through ear phones and if you try to make a voice call it's echo-ing. So I went to service center. They checked and told its a defect piece. They gave DOC certificate for replacement. I went to the shop from where I had bought and asked for a new piece. They gave me the new phone and checked for that problem on spot. This piece also has the same problem. They opened 3 more pieces and I found all the pieces in that shop has the same problem. I was frustrated because of this model and went for HTC explorer. My advice to you is PLEASE DONT BUY THIS PHONE
small and handy mobile with great features and is in budget...all necessary function are there...processer is fast bt camera 3mp is not good...net is fast 3d games and other games are fast temple run and raceing games runs without hanging...........use this mobile n u need to hire a physicist for eye problem....
sound is not as expected from headset its slow when u r switching it from one to 2nd sim videos are not playing taking time to connect to internet once it is switched on display is good camera is good in day light sound is disappointing very much from head set it dont have walk man app which gives good sound clarity
This phone might be from sony, with an ericsson badge but trust me its not worth buying..... Phone quality is sooooo bad that u wud b better off with micromax or karbon......which wud atleast hav specification and screen size to brag about. i bought this phone couple of months back (my first phone), might b y sony gav me a present with it, it had a free tiny white pixel on the bottom right corner......... pretty visible while watching videos..................so im literally pissed at sony. it has a so called 3.2 MP camera, which frankly comes no where near the quality of nokia 3120 classic (2MP) ,my bro's phone..................light gathering sucks. it has good battery though..........wud stay whole day after extreeeeeeme gaming. tip: android requires 1Gb RAM & >4" screen for gaming ooh aaaaaand it does look "NOT SO BAD" externally.
I recently bought this phone. the delivery was very fast and good. performance is good. battery lasts for more than day with high use over wifi. multi tasking is good. touch is also responsive and keyboard is easy to type after rotating to landscape. Completly satisfied.
It is the best entry level android phone below 10k. touch screen is superb and the phone speaker is very good. the great thing of sony phone is cloud storage of 50GB, which is absolutely free for lifetime. Service of Flipkart is excellent. It is promptly delivered.
First of all, i don't want to compare this sony phone with some plastic toys available with big screen and 1ghz processors.. It's like comparing mercedes with maruti suzuki...LOL!! Sony,Samsung,Htc,LG,Motorola...thats enough,trust me guys you will regret sooner or later buying the others. Pros. 1) It is the only smartphone under 12k having ICS.(As i told you earlier toys not considered..only smartphones).It is always good to have the latest platform. 2)A good display with a pixel density of 180ppi..means sharper display,and personally from sony's display is far better than it's competitors. well the rest specs are more over common.. Now regarding some concerns shown in one of the reviews 1) 800 Mhz processor-enough to run ics? In fact yes. ICS is lighter than GB..Check the latest phones, hTC desire c is clocked at 600Mhz.Moreover,a phone is not run only buy a processor.Each and every semiconductor is contributing and that is where your toys fails to deliver. 2)No 4 inch screen?????LOL!!!From what i seen in flipkart LG optimus black is the cheapest android with a 4 inch screen which costs 17k..(No toys!!!) 3)Regarding Internal memory....TOTAL memory is 2.9gb in which 2.5 is user accessible,which is more than enough to install hundreds of apps.. Now comparing with the other phones currently available in market , most of it's competitors are outdated phones'released before an year or more(Explorer,xperia mini,ace etc).It is always good to buy the latest , whatever gadget u are buying. Defy mini is a good one,which is water and dust resistant and have front cam..but lacks ics. So my word...Go for it..
ALMOST THE SAME PRICE THE GALAXY MUSIC HAS A VERY POOR RESOLUTION OF JUST 240*320 AND ALSO DONT FORGT ITS 3.0 AND TIPO IS LOTT MORE TALLER AT 3.2 AND ASO TIPO DUAL AND TIPO BOTH HAVE 1500MAH BATTERY WHCH HAS ENOUGH JUICE FOR LASTING A DAY OUT I HAVE USED MY BRO PHONE AND PLAYED TEMPLE RUN FOR HRS AND NO LAG AND BATTERY WAS STILL 72% SO PLEASE DONT COMPARE IT WITH GAALXY MUSIC IT HAS 320*480 PIXELS RESOLUTION HOPE U KNW WHT DOES THT MEAN
I want to buy this phone, I hear that touch of this phone in not good, and In dual sim, while using internet the other sim have no network at all. I used the demo piece and experienced the Problem of touching. I want to know that all Sony Xperia tipo have same problem
If u compare the phone wid samsung galaxy music duos(new release), i find almost all the features r same nd in the same price bt the music duos ofcourse is a dual sim phone... nd dat 1 is lso no "toy"... Moreover, xperia tipo's battery backup is horribly less... Compare wid this new release of samsung... IMO, the samsung phone just edges dis one...
i ve been using this phone for past 3 months..its the best phone one can get in this budget...everything related to this phone is good.espacially, 1. excellent battery backup 2. good RAM...512MB (which is far better than phones like samsung galaxy ace) 3. excellent touch screen. those who r looking for a phone at a reasonable price which can support games which require graphic support (eg: temple run etc.), tipo would be an excellent choice. Only drawback which i found in ths phone is its poor camera performance...photos lack clarity..even nokia java phones may have a better camera than this.. even then im very much satisfied with wot i hav here..
Hey buddy i am using this phone for nearly 3 months no fault and no problems its really cool while using.. i vote for tipo for best buy..... android icecream sandwich is the main features and all the applications are great to use...........................................................................................................................................................................
touch screen stopped working after 2 dayz of purchase.. It hangs frequently and restarts :/ verrrry verry slow too screen freezes and does not works until restarted Does not shows misd cals Nothing else 2say.. :(
I bought Tipo(single sim) a month ago from a well reputed shop in Sector 22 Chandigarh. From the very first day i am having problem with my data connection. It goes on disconnecting all the time. Some times it does not connects. Earlier i was using Vodafone 2g data pack. Some one told me that i should change my service provider. So I switched to Docomo 3g, but still it goes on disconnecting all the time. Last week i went to sony's authorised service centre in Mansa Devi Compex PANCHKULA,and told them the prob. They just reboot my device. But still i am facing this problem. What should i do now?
Sony tippo is really very good in picture clarity and sound. Best in less than 10K. Touch is really very sensitive and fast. Using internet via Wi-Fi is very very fast. My all friends and colleagues wondering after see my phone.
if u r lookin to but a amart phn within range 10k...its tipo..awsm features..i hav bought ths phn n m nw using it.....no words..battery back is quite good..touch sence fav..suports all kind of game frmat..:)...n speker of brilliant quality....far better than samsung n htc..
I am using this phone for one month. Good delivery by flipkart. This mobile is an awesome one with many good features. But, I just want to concentrate on the cons more: 1. The Cam clarity is not that good. Those who want good cam should prefer some other product. 2. The 256K color quality is bit low for viewing HD Videos. 3. The silly problem with this mobile is that, we can't view the call register when we are in a call*** But, Otherthan these problems, this is a nice one to get. I say.. U can go for Tipo..
I bought this phone about 3 months back and i have to tell this is the best phone out there within the range of 10k. Don't think twice just go for it. But just so you don't regret later (like i am now), buy the Sony Xperia Dual sim phone if you are willing to spend a few more bucks. I love this phone! Hope you do too...
I was quite apprehensive by reading the negative comments though I had ordered it as it suited my needs. And then it arrived in a loose packed box. Design is just cute , though feels little cheap but attractive. Anyways have been using it for a month now. It never hanged till now. It lagged though initially while playing temple run but all other games are smooth going and as u increase the level in temple run it smoothens out, now it doesn't hang. other than that no hanging whatsoever. Apps are easy to install, browsing is fast and You tube plays fantastically even with 2G. Music quality is not so great considering on headphones. Even good ones are not that great. Music quality is good but its intensity is very low. Use MP3 amplifier and it works charm. Preinstalled Astro is the saver. Touch initially was not so smooth but I calibrated it with software and now its butter. Camera is a bit on lower side but would be manageable for not so meticulous types. Data transfer is fast. Yeah battery time is simply outstanding lasts over a day with moderate use for me. No heating issues neither while playing games nor while charging. Simply stupendous phone. Hope it remains so. Memory card issue I read in some comments was not there at least for me.
I have bought Sony Tipo. But from very first moment I am facing Echo Problem. I read on Sony Xperia community site and lot of people facing same problem. When I contacted Sony Customer Center they are telling that they are developing new software updates build and then it will resolve problem. But they are not sure that when they will able to provide this software build. When I asked to replace or stand by they told we have no policy to replace after 7 days or stand by phone. Sony Service is not good.. I suggest dont go for this phone...
I have bought this phone week back. Its superb in all aspects: Great Processor Speed Browser is fun All Apps run fine Good looking phone (I have got black color) Only disappointment is the sound on its earphones. This is bit surprising...since its a SONY phone. Leaving that...its a steal at 9K. Thanks, Hitesh
Best buy for the price.Very stylish.When data trafiic is turned on, My battery is getting an incredible back up of 4 days!!!!!!!.Camera is better than we expect for 3.2 MP.All other features good.For 9000 k seems to be the best buy for me surely better than Galaxy y
MY VERY FIRST ANDROID MOBILE...AWESOME...I HAVE NO WORDS TO EXPRESSS ABOUT THIS MOBILE..EVERY APPLICATION IS FANTASTIC...ONLY DRAWBACK I FOUND IS THE CAMERA CLARITY..MUSIC IS NICE..INTERNET SPEED IS NICE WHEN CONNECTING TO WIFI RATHER THAN MOBILE NETWORK..IF YOU ARE A NON CAMERA USER THEN JUST BLINDLY FOR IT............
I bought xperia tipo one ago. In my experience it is good one under the 10k. Now I am exploring the functions and apps one by one, I am satisfied in this. Already some others are told its good quality here additional are good picture quality,sound quality, internal memory etc. I felt rarely touch issue but it is not major issue(in 2-3 times in one month). my rating for this product is four star
Excellent mobile having very nice look and good features. Internet access, Music, FM, Applications all are very good. Overall a very good one .... The software Android Ice-cream sandwich is a very good one ... User friendly ... Speed access to Internet. Very Very Nice look in hands
Best phone under 10k. the only phone compareable to this one is Samsung Galaxy Ace Sony Xperia Tipo-Samsung Galaxy Ace 800 MHz Processor-800MHz Processor 512 MB RAM-290 MB RAM 3.15 MP FF Camera-5 MP AF Camera 2.9 GB Internal Memory-190 MB Internal Memory After using both the phones I can conclude that it is better to go for Xperia Tipo if you want overall performance but if you want to only click images go for Galaxy Ace. And @Rohan Tyagi just take a look at the specs of Ace before writing reviews.
what can i say its just great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best thing about it is its music and its performance. Camera is awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Features in dis phn is awesome, 320 x 480 pixels, 3.2 inches 180ppi Cool SPEAKER 1500 MAH battery 512 Mb ram 800, processor Android v4 (Ice Cream Sandwich) Internal 2.5 GB Bt folks, the SAR value is 1,620W/kg (head) ((sardatabase.com)). So dnt go 4 dis 1.
It's awesome... For the price quoted, this product is worth it. good sound effect..easy to handle.very handy. love the red colour. its got the features of higher range phones. good one.this is my first android phone and im loving it. more to discover.
Okay, first of all, music is abysmal, and its loudest volume is also very low, and u can not possibly hear your mobile ringing in public... Net connectivity is great, and other specifications are great to work with, interface is decent, and android features are amazing! Only downside to buying this phone is the music output... Not up to the mark
Galaxy Ace Tipo processor 800 mhz qalcomm(arm11) 800mhz qalcomm scorpion Gpu adreno 200 adreno 200 display 3.5" LCD gorilla glass 3.2" Lcd cam 5 mp autofocus,flash 3.15mp fixedfocus,no flash RAM 512mb 512mb in xtra Rs. 500 u r getting far better camera + larger display u can get ACE for Rs.9500 at spice hotspot
Pro: 1) Good battery and data management, can limit excessive data usage. 2) Well built, c'nt expect in a budget phone. 3) Good performance even compared to Samsung Galaxy Ace, HTC Desire C & HTC Explorer 4) The normal headphone quite normal type but it's performance is amazing. 5) Good responsible touch screen, might Sony correct the touch issue by calibrating. 6) All the useful apps are pre loaded, not bundled. Con: 1) No front facing camera. 2) No Jellybean update as per the Sony's road map. 3) Display is not up-to the mark. 4) Camera is not performing well, expected good camera from Sony. 5) Power/Screen lock switch position can change for better control. 6) Limited accessories supplied. (only USB Data cable, Screen protector & Head phones)
If you want android bellow 10K then this is your phone. It is actually a very decent phone. Where it currently beats the market is that it comes with Android 4.0 unlike Samsung and HTC. The positives are many: battery life, smooth web surfing, call quality, v4.0. But this phone does have drawbacks. First is the camera which is just rubbish... you wont need instagram for funny results... the camera takes weird pictures. The phone tends to slow down when running games like Temple Run... (which can be fixed by rebooting). The keyboard in portrait mode is too cramped and if you are using touch for the first time you would absolutely hate it... but it gets better when you get used to it. Sometimes the touchscreen takes multiple touches to respond. However unlike some suggestions on web, there is no heating problems on usage. It is pretty sturdy and the timescape UI make the v4.0 experience very sweet. If you are not willing to cross the 10K divide, this is your phone. Was this review helpful? Yes / No
If u want androyed 4.0 os then it is your phone, else its camera is of poor quality not like 3.2 MP. I have just bought it and it hangs while using internet and while using internet running app. So if u think to buy, kindly think again.
With an SAR(Specific Absorption Rate) value being as high as 1.62, Sony has by far the worst phones. It has maximum value for cancer risks. This is more than the max value prescribed in US. Samsung phones seem to have lower SAR values. Suggested is below 1.0. Don't know how Samsung S2, S3 have in range of 0.3
nice phone fully loaded. it has all the features of a 15 to 20 thousand phone 4.0 ics is available only in samsung galaxy note 2 so this is best in its class and 10000 is very affordable price of smart phone
This phone is really good at its price. Phone offers you About 3 Gb of Internal Memory, 512 RAM(Works really Fast), Ice Cream Sandwhich, 800Mhz and Great Battery Life.. Many of the People facing Touch problem, even i had faced it, but i give it to SONY SERVICE CENTRE nd they solved it in 2 hours by upgrading its software so, now no touch issue's. Earlier i have Samsung Galaxy Y DUos , i have used it for 2 months which was really hard to servive for this low internal memory nd LOw RAM with No so good UI as it resolution is very low.. it is LDPI (LOW DEnSITY Pixel PEr Inches) phone. so i sell it off and buy this Phone which is amazing in this price range.. Im forced to do that comparisions as many of the people's are posting that Samsung Galaxy Y is better. letz Check some Hardware nd Software Configuration's.. Sony Tipo Vs Samsuck Galaxy Y 320*480 > 240*320 samsuck 3.2" Screen > 3" screen 512 MB RAM of Tipo > 290 MB of Samsuck OS : Ice Cream Sandwich (Sony)> Old Gingerbread samsucks Again 2.9 GB Internal Memory Tipo Rocks > 170 MB﻿ sumsuck's again Adreno 200 GPU of Tipo (Play Graphics Games) > No GPU Samsuck's again xLOud > Low Sound of samsuck's again Video Recoding at : 640*480 resolution > 320*240 resolution Again Battery: 1500 mAh > 1300 mAh samsuck's Again Pixel Density (Better UI): 180 ppi(Sony UI really better) > 133 ppi What else u Demand at rs 9499.. SONY ki JAan Loge. If u want Samsung Galaxy Y Duos then it has Same COnfiguration only it has Better Camera which is 3.2 MP nd 3.14" of screen with low pixel density which is 127 ppi its really.. crap.. Note : if ur facing Touch problem then plz give it to SONY SERVICE CENTRE it will be solved in few hours wait.. as i did.. There are Many More But Lets Not Waste Time Go 4 Xperia Tipo :)
Android crashes often even in Quad core and dual core phones. Symbian is also not that great in 1 ghz phones so HO THE HELL will this work in 800 mnz.It will be usefull in listening music and dancing to it as suggested in the ADD and that will be all.
nice phone under budget of 10K.... sony always brings the phone which looks cool in hand.. smart and efficient... though its made for the guys who had operated 1ghz processor or in build ram of 1 gb.. they can found this phone slow....
I've bought it just few weeks ago, i say JUST GO FOR IT the mobi. is really rocking reviews say there are some touch problems but i dont feel so.....the only disadvantage is 3.2screen which is not big problem when you are getting 4.0 android(ICS) with scratch resist screen at reasonable price.Its battery backup is good and camera is not that bad but pretty good in daylight.It has good sound clarity....in box they give BLACK headphones but NO EAR BUDS.on coming to part of GAMING,its configuration for gaming is good and it is comparable with galaxy ace plus in gaming but screen size doesn't give feel of gaming....TIPO is PREFERABLE when compared with HTC EXPLORER,GALAXY Y,Y DUOS...other androids below 10k.
My Sony Xperia Tipo is one of the best mobile phones I have ever used. With its icecream sandwitch Android OS the product is one of the best in the class. Good touch screen, efficient RAM, easy use of apps, good internal storage. And the sleek and cute look adds to its advantage. And in this price range, it is one of the best mobile phones you could ever get your hands on. Battery performance is only above average, but its not at all bad. I would recommend this to anyone.
ics 4.04 wifi hot spot Scratch-resistant glass 2.9 GB storage (2.5 GB user available), 512 MB RAM 3.15 MP, 2048x1536 pixels gpu-Adreno 200 great battery back-up,i am getting 2 days for normal usage go for it.................
all is owsome except speed,some time hangs but best in music,camera,battery,clearity,video palying,look sound is good in headphones as wel as in speakers 2gb internal memory is very less but u can handle very well battery is super it wil give 1day if u use multimedia 2days for normal use ice cream sandwitch is best and smoother one i think best phone in 95000
The Xperia tipo Android phone from Sony Smartphones is easy to use ------------------------------------------ a pocket Android smartphone made simple. Must Buy if u r lukin below 10k.................................
sony tipo is best in a low budget phone as is sports the various features- android 4.0, 2.5gb internal memory n 3.2" screen.. best buy under 10K. the only dissapointing feature is 3.2MP camera with no flash. otherwise on and all its realy great!!
just brought my first android phone(not on flipkart) pros -good looks -android 4 -832mhz-games work fine -good sound quality -wifi hotspot cons -camera is 3.2 mp(which is bad for photographers {lol}) -BATTERY wears out fast-while playing >20mb games (20%hour) but normal for android phone CONCLUSION-buy it
i am interested in games especially fifa . so will fifa, max payne work in tipo plz reply. plz suggest the games that work in tipo also the speed and efficiency of browsing in a small screen. i need ur review about games plz its a request
This is the best android phone under 10k in the market. The phone is simply amazing. Good display, Sound, and also light weight. The only thing it lacks is camera. The camera is very very poor.I didn't expect such a low quality from Sony. If that was good i would have given 5/5 rating.
THIS IS THE VERY SMARTTEST AND QUITE MOBILE YOUNG GENERATION. IT GIVES MORE INFO AND ROYAL TO THE USERS.IN THIS MOBILE ALL APPS ARE INSTALL TO USE.THE PROCESSING SPEED IS SO FAST.SO FRIENDS PLEASE BUY TIPO AND MAKE UR WORLD SMART.I WILL SURLY SAY U GAYS ARE LIKE THIS MOBILE.
unimaginable and unexpectable ya tha phone is SUPERBBB dont go for samsung.or nokia,,and all those EXPERIENCE THE ENTERTAINMENT ONLY IN XPERIA TIPO BLINDLY GO FOR SONY***** I WILL RATE IT 5/5......................................................................
this is one of the top most rated mobile phone from sony. i didntr see such an entry level phomne o in this price range.helo this one of nice phone scomparing between HTC sasmsungetc.pls BUY tis phome and have fun
Guys this phone packs with the premium ANDROID v4 I.C.S. software, scratch resistant glass,Very loud speaker,1500 MAH battery,3.2 Megapixel with digital 4x zoom,800 mhz processor and GALAXY Y packs with Android v2.3 (Gingerbread),1200 mAh Battery,2 Megapixel camera with digital 2x zoom,832 mhz processor. So how can u compare galaxy Y with Tipo.
i yesterday got this phone it is a gud worthy buy for me bcoz of its smooth touch gud net speed apps pros best internal memory 800 mhz processor graphics card adreno 200 very sensitive touch cons camera not gud as per sony's standards no led problems regarding removal of memory card (i faced plz help i any suggestions regarding)
Got this produce 2 days back. However, not from flipkart but still would like to share the experience. I found this product above all in this range. It worth all your money. Just go for it. :) :) :) :)
Good proccesor good ram but 1gh might run phone more smother some time phone slows down while playing temple run. One thing i don't like abut this phone is the camera cover the cover gets easily scratch and there is great reduction in image quality.
this cellphone is one of the best phone i have seen...... anyone who want to bye a mobile i recommend this for you... one of the best operating system android v4.0. sony has a legacy of best cameras and therefore it has a good and satisfying camera. eith an inter memory of 2.5 GB. the only thing that i dont like is its processor of 800 MHz it should be atleast 1 GHz...... but then also it is a good choice......
This is the best under 10000. Brand value and little polishes are the things that keeps it distinguished from other local brands. Mr murali mohan - I don't know what's your problem, I suppose you never have used a smartphone or to say android. There is a thing in smartphones called market, that does everything that a out of the box phone can't do. Anyways if you have got a red one, I will buy it. Let me know at nkspro at gmail.
This phone is just ........ AWESOME!!!!!!And if you are thinking of buying it don't think.....Just Buy it NOW and i swear you wont regret:) I have just unboxed it and feel great! Light and Sleek design makes this phone look great. Indeed you can write messages with single hand....which is missing in many best phones now a days.
the phone is just awesome..the best u can get at these prices,the features are just awesome.comes with many preloaded apps,camera is pretty good,the best u can get at this price.i only experienced one problem,the phone was not reading my sd card,got it repaired for free as it was under warranty..overall just go for it!
I bought a new tipo. it is just lovely to work with it. Its sleek design and best performance attracts everyone. Every one of my friends after seeing it wants to buy one. It is worth of every penny you pay.
I will recommend buyers to go for sony xperia u than this tipo because u will get every thing ie 5mp camera, dual core processor, 16m colors, good resolution, u can play hd videos. It will be better to think and go for better one.
awesome phone jst wanted a 5mega pixel camera and flash... :( otherwise its gr8...... at this price noone can buy a phne of ths feature... its mah 1st anroid... so loving it..........................................................................................................
The spec is really awesome but the reviews on camera is little upset. Still yet to see the product. Also why was the offer of 8GB Micro SD card been removed ? The product looks very good and pretty standard. Still comparing this with other phones and I hope will place an order this week :-)
i got it 1 week ago, its outstanding phone guys believe me...... anroid 4.0 (ics) is really too good..... people in market always talking about its sar value,,,, guys many other radiation can harm you... its camera 3.2mp is comparable to nokia 5 mp that one i have used earliar.. as compare to galaxy its anroid is sufficient to describe you guysss...........
hi guys this is best phone in under 10k. sony done a great job with this phone the only problem that it has a 3.5mp camera.but it's not a big problem. overall its rocking phone. screen resolution is prety good sony rock android(ics) just go for it
hey guys its a very beautiul and good phn in looks and in process also i had buyed it in 9500 on ma bday nd i m very happy to have ths phn everythng is good i vote it 9 out of 10 bcuz this is not as good as s3
