MOBDBD8GTC9YDUNP
Newly launched Xperia J is mostly getting compared with Xperia GO by Sony fan followers. Here are some facts: 1. Screen: J has 4 inch screen (854X480 FWVGA - Full Wide Video Graphics Array) where Go has 3.5 inch screen (480X320 HVGA Half Size Video Graphics Array). Though resolution of GO seems to be lesser than J, it has Mobile Bravia Engine giving awesome display for video, photo etc. Due to Mobile Bravia Engine, lower screen resolution doesn't matter in GO whereas J doesn't have Mobile Bravia Engine. 2. CPU & GPU: Xperia GO is much ahead than Xperia J in CPU as well as GPU. GO is equipped with 1 GHz Cortex-A9, Dual Core and ARM Mail 400 where as J is equipped with 1 GHz Cortex-A5 and Adreno 200. Having A9 Dual core processor, GO is better performing than J. Also mail400 again cover the low resolution of GO compared with Adreno 200 of J. 3. Memory: Both mobiles are having 512 MB RAM. GO is inbuilt with 8GB Memory (approx. 4GB user available memory) and J with 4GB phone memory (approx. 2.2 GB user memory). Both supports upto 32GB Micro SD Card. 4. GO is having 107kbps GPRS & 296kbps EDGE speed whereas J supports 86kbps GPRS and 237kbps EDGE speed. fast web browsing in GO. Other points: No front camera in go, J does have. HD recording with 5MP camera in GO, J is having VGA Recording with 5MP camera. OS for J is Android 4 ICS whereas for GO it is Android 2.3 Gingerbread. Recently in news, Go is now upgradable to Android 4 ICS. GO is Water resistant and Dust Free. Overall, except absence of front camera, GO is the choice as in most of points, GO is way ahead than J.
I have been using Xperia Active phone since 8 months and its same waterproof and dust proof and am planning to go to Xperia Go. because of foll reasons: -> 1GHz Dual core processor -> USB on the Go - works as USB host(many don't know this feature). -> Fully scratch proof body. -> SenseMe application from Sony. - plays songs according to your mood. (this feature also many dont know). 5MP camera is enough, as the photo clarity is very good from Sony And with my experience from Xperia avtive i would say that IP67 (water and dust resistant) phones from sony are simply awesome. I have taken lots of underwater photos and even dropped my phone by mistake from a waterfall but its still intact. The only Cons I see here is: -> Battery cant be removed. -> No front camera.
it is an extremely good phone it fell down from my hands from minimum 1 meter height on the screen and nothing happened to it its a truly amazing phone, should buy it!!! the camera clarity is also too good plus the video clarity is good as the phone has bravia engine
firstly, the phone is good for its range. though it lacks some features, it covers them up with other. i'm comparing it with xpria u as i am using both at present 1. unlike ^^Ramneek said, it has 8 gb internal memory out of which 4 gb is available for user as 4 gb is used up by the preinstalled apps etc. (same as xperia u) 2. it has expandable memory upto 32 gb. (xperia u of similar range doesnt) 3. no front camera (xperia u does) 4. not upgradable to android ics (xperia u is upgradable) 5. resolution is 480 x 320 Pixels. (xperia u has 854 x 480 Pixels) 6. 5mp camera (same as xperia u) 7. same screen size (3.5 inches) 8. water n dust resistant (no other phones have that) ;) thats all i discovered till now... touchscreen is fab in both (hatsoff to sony) both are much better than xperia neo v and xperia arc (used them both last year)... just wish it had ics... hope u found the review helpful... :)
I have been using this phone for over two months now, and here is what I conclude:- :))) LOOKS & DESIGN- Its awesome! People literally ask about it. Has been considered better than IPhone by two IPhone users. It is very slim and fits perfectly in your palm. :)) WATER/DUST/SCRATCH PROOF- I have washed it a few times(with my facewash), no problem. It only looked cleaner! The speaker got clogged once when my friend emptied a bottle over it. Dried it, no problem. My screen-guard(an expensive one) developed scratches quicker than the bare screen. It is considered shock resistant as well, but I have never really dropped it. Responsible me! :( SCREEN- It appears a bit grainy as compared with other phones. But it is good enough for any complain. (Saves Battery.) :- BATTERY- Just fine. Will just last a day under normal usage. :) MUSIC- Speaker is not loud enough. Ear-phones supplied are good. No dedicated keys. Sound quality is good. :- CAMERA- Average quality. But considering the constrains laid due to its thin size, I must appreciate its engineers. You can shoot 3D as well, but will need a 3D device to view it. :- INTERFACE- Its impressive, but could have been made more... handy. :) BRAVIA ENGINE- It only makes pictures unnaturally vivid. They appear fine on laptop screen. Games never cause any problem. It does not reduce battery back-up significantly. :)) GPS- Works really great. Have an internet connection and you will never get lost(if you carry a charger around). :))) OVER-ALL- I'm in love with this device. I needed a portable phone that has everything I need for entertainment, not a work-station, and that is exactly what I got. If you are a spec lover, you will always find a better phone. But keep in mind, a heavy configuration is only a marketing strategy. (A 4GB-RAM laptop hardly ever utilises more than 2GB.)
Pros : Great Phone in this Budget. Superb touch, camera and performance. Play any game and you will never have any issues like slow response or so. Awesome Sound as we always this in any Sony product. 5.0 MP Camera with panoramic option is good. 3.5 inch Screen , I Love this feature as I want a phone to be like a phone easily carriable. Cons : As shown in the ad this phone is not a tough phone. It is water resistant and dust resistant but the Screen is fragile . You Drop it and your screen is gone.Same thing happened with me.Sony does not hold any responsibility for the physical damage though they show off a lot in the ads for Xperia GO.This is the ultimate feature we need when we talk about toughness.
It is the best phone in Sony . It is the best phone than Samsung and Nokia because it is Stronger than Nokia best software than Samsung. I got best and good phone in Flip-kart thanks flip-kart. buy here and get your phone soonly because they delivers the phone to home fastly.
Hey, its a waste of time giving reviews if you are not owing this phone and saying about it.. As far as the looks are concerned(which I can say without actually owning the phone), xperia go is far better than defy.
I choose Sony as my previous experience with Sony Xperia ST15 which I bought for my wife last October is so far good. While choosing a smart phone for myself, I was only concerned about the care associated with the touch screens such as avoiding wet touch and the like. But XperiaGo has overcomed that concern. The Phone is good as per the price, infact better than most of the other smart phones of this range. I guess features are more or less same as other andriod devices. 5 Meg camera is sufficient for me as when it comes to perfect photoshot I prefer my Sony CyberShot. The screen is crstal clear and dimensions are perfect to handle the phone. I recommend this phone for those who are looking for 1. Good brand 2. Fair Andriod Device not looking to 1. spend over 20K on phone 2. not expecting extra ordinary features.
An honest review from an existing user: Cons: 1) This phone is not as tough as its shown. Though it is water resistant and dust resistant but the Screen is fragile. It fell down from my hand today and the screen cracked. Thanks to the hyped up robustness of this phone!! But after all it was my mistake, and I was ready to pay for it. So I called up the Sony Authorized Service Center and they quoted 8000/- for the replacement. Now isn't this crazy price for the same phone that costs 14000/- in the market. My reason for writing this review is to make others aware, to also consider basic factors like service cost, battery life, call clarity while buying any phone. 2) Very low battery life 3) Phone drops network Pros: 1) Decent camera 2) Performance, easy handling
I have been using this phone since Oct 2012 and I can say that it's a great phone. I purchased it over others because of it's water-resistance property. It is also resistant to shocks. It works just fine even after falling down on hard ground 5-6 times. I would say that it was much faster with Android 2.3 but Android 4.0 brings with it a lot of other nice features! It does get a little slow if you're trying to run 5-6 things together (I tend to do that), but other than that I have no, absolutely no complaints with the phone. It's a must buy and I can bet you cannot get anything better in this range.
guys i was in a state of confusion wheater to purchase SOLA,SAMSUNG S ADVANCE OR S DUOS,Finally i got to know about xperia go and i also CAME TO KNOW THAT ONLY GO AND J ARE(under 20 k ) UPGRADABLE TO JELLY BEAN """ IN THE END OF MARCH 2013 . BAD NEWS FOR SOLA,MIRO,U,TIPO THEY SHOULD END UP WITH ICS ..... I HOPE MY REVIEW WOULD BE HELPFUL FOR THE CUSTOMERS WHO HAVE PURCHASED GO n WILLING to purchase GO ..
i am very happy with this mobile... it can be upgraded to ICS and in a few months to Jelly Bean 4.1 too... confirmed by sony some said that it cant be upgraded.. please dont mislead the buyers.. :) enjoy the mobile guys..
U can feel very comfortable in your hands..This product is worth the price as it is waterproof scratch proof n dust proof. only thing bothering is its android 2 n lack of front camera(there isn't much use of it).
It could be Best phone if they offer WVGA Resolution instead of HVGA. and If they have increased the screen size to 4.0 inch. Other than the above this is a Good Phone For better screen Resolution and similar performance u can buy Sony Xperia U
Hi All, We had purchased xperia go in Bangalore and had network problem. I had sent it for replacement and haven't got it since almost 50 days. One of the worst ever support I have noticed is Sony.. Please close of your sales. With great pain I'm rating ONE STAR.
Good phone vit cool features like android 2.3.7, better video clarity inspite of 164ppi, awesome xperia features but m only disappointed vit the speaker and camera of this phone.The camera is not as gud as compared to other 5MP phones.And the speaker is really bad. I can hardly hear the ring evn wen its in my pocket. The xloud also makes no difference. Overall its an amazing phone as derz no phone which can b perfect !!!
I have used this one for close to one month. The negatives of this handset outweighs its positives. Its battery performance is pathetic, it drains even if you have not used the phone. If you charge it to 100% at night, in the morning it will show 20-25% charge. Other cons: - Slow - Hangs-up when you start a call or answer
A very good phone. but less memory and RAM. I had purchased it only because of water proof. but after using it for two weeks, had some issues. When I took it Sony service center, they told it is having some mother board issues and sent it to factory to resolve it. They took almost a month and did nothing. then they gave me the offer to exchange it with xperia L. I am very disappointed with this.
super cool ass phone lovely novel beauty that makes me cum many times when i use it.Mostly in times of extreme ejacuation I love the way it handles and supports me.I love my phone and I am loving it
Hi, The phone reached me in the first week of Nov and immediately started giving trouble. Within a month i could sense serious problems, people could not hear me when i called, The volume up and down buttons stopped functioning. I am convinced that the seller Arihant Stationery & Xerox sold me a bad phone. Be very vary of this seller while buying phones on flipkart.
Dont buy this phone in any case it has a big problem when it is updated to jellybean.one of the biggest problem is notification tone problem when wifi is on n you reacieve a call after your call is done notification tone or ringtone does not work worst phone till date it hangs too much calls are freezed and many more bugs dont buy it in any case
For the Branding & Pricing the phone is not worth buying due to the below .. Cons.. 1.) When operator messages are received, phone notification sounds goes off and the only way to bring the notification sounds back temporarily is to reset the phone ( Very bad ). 2.) Touch response gets slower in time and the phone gets real slow. 3.) Camera is not that great. Good for only stationary objects, slight movements cause the picture to become hazy.. 4) Battery non removable. if phone hangs, its quite difficult to restart the phone. 5) Call clarity not that great. Pro's 1) Handy and fits into the hand. 2) Water proof . 3)Slim
i am using this phone for 1 year now and today i finally threw it in dustbin ..... the battery sucks.. even with switching off the backlight it runs hardly for one day.... i am using the phone with backlight off for last six months... games as simple as angry bird don't run on this mobile properly. let alone temple run.... the mobile hangs so much that it has become hanging garden.... 5 months after the purchase the mobile switched off and remained switch off for which it had to be submitted to sony service center.... coming back from there the performance has worsened like an old man with cardiac disease.... sony go is ..no go ... for me
The phone does what it claims,it is water proof,dust proof,shock proof,literally you can throw it like the old nokia 1100 and it still works,no issues at all,but the phone lags extremely if you have updated it to ICS or JB,Update has lots of bugs and you literally can't use the phone for even making phone calls,i've updated the phone to JB and the phone was literally useless,so i downgraded it back to GB,and now everything is back to normal.Overall a good phone,infact the best when it comes to being robust,but Sony has to push some efforts and test the OS and fix the bugs before they release it to their customers
Hi everyone, I bought go a couple of months ago. It was an older product (1 year older) made in 2012. The camera is not so good. Flash is not so good either. While charging, it becomes next to impossible to type a message. And, almost everyday, I have to restart my phone as i realize that my cellular network is switched off. Now i dont really know whether any other users have observed similar problems or it is unique to my phone. Initially, when i switched on the camera the phone used to restart by itself. Apart from all these, the phone is fine. It is waterproof.
I bought my Yellow Xperia Go a month back and I LOVE it! It's my first smartphone, my budget was 10k-ish and I think I got everything I wanted out of it. My other options were the Xperia U and Nokia Lumia 520 but ultimately the external storage and Android in Go is what made me go for it! What I expected from the Go: -decent and different look -fun, sunny colour -Android! For random games like Slice Ice and easy downloads more than anything. I don't fall in love with too many Apps but I'd like to have the option of downloading them if I want to. -good touch as I hate it when the touch on a phone sucks. I'd rather have a QWERTY phone than a so-so touch phone -mp3 player -Okay battery life. Decent storage (more than 2GB. This one has 4GB for apps, songs and another 4 for internal storage) -decent picture clarity -good Wifi And I must say all of these needs of mine were more than satisfied!!! In fact, the touch was BETTER than expected. The interface is a little laggy at times but it's barely noticeable. Doesn't interfere much with texting-browsing-music-other-activities. Some good surprises: -The camera zoom quality is pretty awesome! - The Wifi hotspot! - It's small for a smartphone but looks so cute - Not so small that I cannot enjoy reading on my Kindle App :) - The design is very quirky and sleek, for all the rugged features it has! - while I haven't done the waterproof test, it survived a 5 min walk on a rainy day - THE TOUCH. IS GOOOD. - as is msging- the autocorrect is not very annoying :) And the predictive text is a lifesaver even when your finger hits the wrong key So. If you're on a budget and want an Android smartphone that's a little more sleek and fun than those plasticky Samsungs, Xperia Go is reallyreally nice.
First of all superb service by FlipKart!!! The mobile is slim and buy holding it you can feel the originality and value for money. Good Clarity. You can go for this Mobile. My friends love it and he plan to get it. Ps. Im using a san disk 32GB class 10 memory :-)
no matter what other thinks as a geek AND for limited budget buyers i must say that by closing your eyes you buy this GREAT "go" ..! :) :) :P 1)Upgradable to ICS (ice-cream sandwich). 2)Better battery stand-by after the upgrade(cherry on the cake for a smartphone). 3)Includes Bravia Engine(takes your picture viewing experience to the next level)
Plus point 1ghz dual core processor Water resistant dust resistant Fast and good picture quality camera Graphics processor Mali400 gpu negative point Poor screen resolution 480*320 no secondry camera Less ram size only 512 mb Competitors Samsung galaxy s duos 1 GHz processor Dual sum 4 inch high resolution display Dual camera
its price slashed from 18500 to 14k , so y u readin reviews...?????? go for it............ water resistant, and dust resistnt... are d main featuress.... only 2 cons: no frnt cam batry not changable.
Hi, I did not by my xperia go from flipkart but I want to share my opinion with others.I am using this phone for 2 months and I am amazed with its multimedia features but disappointed by its basic features. This is the best android phone (it has some cons also..please read full review) in this price range.Phone in white color gives best looks.Don't go for black (looks dull) and yellow(I don't like it) colors.Now look at its Pros and Cons as below Pros : 1) Camera quality is very good.Even night clicks with flash are awesome. 2) Video light lets you record video also in dark. 3) Music quality and loudness with loud speaker and with in box earphone is very good. Xloud technology is just a showoff. its like they are giving 50% discount after increasing 80% on the price. 4) Dual core processor does good job.No lag at all. 5) Touch is very smooth. 6) Very slim and looks awesome only in white color. Although this is excellent in its multimedia features considering its price range but it lacks in some basic features. Cons: 1) In call volume is very less. In little noisy area it is hard to hear voice of the person on the other side of the call. 2) Network reception is very poor.It shows Emergency calls only many a times so I have to restart my phone to get the signals again. 3) Screen flickers sometimes which is irritating but now I am used to it so it does not bother me anymore. 4) Auto brightness does not work at all. I have also verified this in 3 other xperia go handsets. But this can be compromised. 5) Irremovable battery can be a problem after sometime. 6) Battery life is average.Don't expect much for this point. 7) I am not daring enough to check its ruggedness by keeping it into the water. One suggestion:Never buy a phone only by looking at its advantages.Always try to find the bugs in the phone.
Hi All, Android OS Ice cream sandwich is now available for Sony Xperia Go. Did this update and the phone works like a charm. Although setting the wallpaper was bit tedious,As you would require to crop it.
Pro's: Dust-proof, Water-proof, Scratch-proof, dual-core processor, big inbuilt storage, slim, led flash (can use as torch), GPU Con's: Screen Resolution (But its enough for me), No front camera
AWESOME PHONE FOR ANDROID LOVERS BETTER THAN XPERIA U -DURABLE -EXPANDABLE STORAGE AND NEWS COMING FROM SONY SONY WILL BE RELEASING ICE CREAM SANDWICH UPDATE FOR GO AND MODEL PRODUCES AFTER MARCH 2013 WILL HAVE INBUILT ICE CREAM SANDWICH
I dropped My phone from 1Meter Height as it is in the Official Add for Xperia Go and the phone got a crack on the screen of about half a cm Arch shape crack! And Sony now says its a physical damage and there is nothing they can do... So is it the most durable phone by Sony? " Smart, sleek and durable Ups, downs and sudden showers. We’ve designed Xperia™ go to handle everything life dishes out. We gave it a scratch-resistant display, a " Sony Please Don’t give fake assurances to the user Either don’t quote such lines and don’t post such official adds or don’t cheat the customer by saying its physical damage.... and When I'm ready to pay for the damage also the so called SONY is not ready to re assure me the warranty they say its lost?? Can you imagine the case here? I was supposed to buy xperia S or Samsung galaxy S3 I just bought this phone cause it was assured to be the most DURABLE??? Phone by so called SONY
Only in flipkart you get the proper review and info about the phone..Dont buy any phone before checking flipkart reviews...I dint do that hence jumped into trouble... Dont go waist your money on this phone...Check for some other brand. Still under the consfusion sony or sonyEricsson to repair the phone Most of the sony service centre will not repair sony mobiles. I have a sony mobile..its indefinitly waiting in the service center for parts..they wont replace the phone too... Sony service Job No: W112092601416. Date of purchase 27/JUL/2012 13:22:45 DATE of submission for service 26 SEPT 2012 Status : its still waiting for parts
I dont have this phone but looking at specs it looks quite costly. Cons: No ICS yet for 19k phone. should have been 8 Mp rather than 5 Mp..but dosent matters. Screen size small for a 19k phone. NO IPS LCD or AMOLED display. NO HDMI. It says scratch resistant but it dont have Gorilla glass. No Secondary CAM. All said and one. Last year I bought LG optimus 2x for 19.5k with better spec than this phone.
Firstly, i wanted to give the 1 review..anyways..leave it. :( Secondly, i bought this phone even before it was launched on many websites and was not even with all the shopkeeper..hence, has to pay a sum of 19000...i bought this phone on july-15 around 4 PM. About the hardware and product... 1. nice phone with terrific screen plus the water/dust resistant 2. sleek,handy, scratch less body...not mettalic or curved back 3. looks better in white yet i dont know why i bought black color :( Experience 1. switching from Nokia N79 -> Nokia 101 -> Sony Xperia Go...i am getting familiar with android and touch screen..quite trobulesome i must say 2. its been less than 48 hours and i have already re-booted this cell twice...last evening media player got hanged too 3. right now, i am in my office where N79 and Nokia 101 catch the network signal easily...while this cell phone is not on network..or else i would have left a review using this phone only 4. camera is brilliant... 5. no something to worry about 1. only 5 MP camera with no secondary camera 2. 2.3 Gingerbread only. MAJOR FLAW 3. it has only 4 GB internal memory not 8 GB as mentioned all over internet even on sony.co.in 4. Micro SD card is not being detected by my laptop..(there maybe some way to do that..but m new to the world of android.) for 19K, its not worthy.. and now that i have spent hard-earned 19K on it...i HAVE to like it..
This phone outperforms the Xperia U -Display -Floating Touch -NFC -Memory -Speed -Battery -Sleeker -Lighter -All terms except the illuminating bar(not a very attractive feature on the U) Xperia P -Floating Touch -Memory -Speed -Size -Looks -Lighter -Only the screen is better in P
Go is jus d way 2 GO nww.. wit ICS on t its simply awesome.. i m n lov wit d fone.. jus upgrade to ICS nd u'll hav d best of d mobiles tody in u r hands withn 18K.. camera clarity lacks a bit comparing to SOLA nd J but dis s decent enough fr d laps nd fones game r jus too gud.. no lags nd no unsupportd Nd d new mood sensor music player - SIMPLY AWESOME charge at mnormal use is about a day at most.. but thats good enough fr a smartfone packed wit all features.. GO GO Go GO fr t
Excellent phone with a fully packed features. The only draw back is that there is no secondary camera and Low pixel densitiy screen below 180ppi (165 ppi)and Lacks an ambient light sensor for automatic screen brightness adjustment... quite disappointing yet the features make it quite good.
I have purchased a similar phone (Sony Ericsson Xperia Ray) via Flipkart and I must share a key facet behind the selection of a smartphone. One must remember that smartphones are high-maintenence products that require strong support. Sony Ericsson has terrible support. Fact. The Ray I received was a battery-guzzler requiring daily charge-ups. On top of that, my Ray failed after 8 days of very light usage. Sony refused to replace it, as they conveniently have a 7-day replacement guarantee (which incidentally overrides Flipkart's guarantee if Flipkart does not have stock). The service center in Mumbai had to be reached out to. Note: Sony has outsourced both the customer support line and the service center: the customer support line is run by a company called B2X and the Mumbai service center is run by Accel Frontline. The latter never picks up the phone, operate out of a dingy building in Tardeo (Mumbai) and their engineers never answer their mobile phones even when they're supposed to. One month after submission, they replace the motherboard (which was apparently the problem) with a new one which didn't work. They have stated their intention to replace it again and I find this unacceptable. I’m taking them to court on Monday and, apparently, I'm not the only one who has had problems with Sony Ericssson: there are people who have been given the runaround for over 3 months with no sign of their phones even in the distant horizon. To sum up: Do not buy Sony products. Beware.
Hangs a lot..low on internal memory...u give dual processor with 512 MB Ram ...bad..I guess u cannot for for ICS update with this...!! also battery is 1305 MAH...it has to be charged twice a day if u use wi-fi, games and internet frequently..!!and screen is just 3.5 Inches tht also TFT...not amoled...!! wtf...! Sony ur products are too small and too costly with very less stuff...! See the market..Samsung gives better product at less prices!! Dual sim Samsung Galaxy Duos has 1 Ghz processor , dual sim, 4 Inch screen,1500 MAH battery...!! Motorola Atrix 2 has 4.3 Inch screen..1.2 Ghz process with dual core,8 MP camera with secondary camera also and ICS update toooo and 1 Gb RAM..!! so guys get up and go for better product...Sony is just ripping off money from customers .....!
I got it for outdoor use. Don't buy it if you don't need it outdoors. Like in the rain. Real heavy rain. You will read a lot of reviews on how it is slow. And people will compare it with other phones with more features. The reviewers don't understand one simple thing. This is a rugged phone. For rugged use. Yes, there are rugged phones around. That weigh like 250 grams. And are bulky. I submerged it in a glass of water. No issues. Works fine. 100% waterproof. But for those looking for a slim, yet rugged phone, this is the answer. Basic android does its job. Sluggish at times, but with only 512 Mb ram, would not recommend updating the firmware (although the update is available). Out of the box, works fine. Delivery was a bit slow for this item.
i got the product in time. phone is very cool after upgrading the phone to JB uninstall the updates of Google services so it will run very smooth. i did it and playing NFS MW and subway on my my phone with out any lag.finally Walkman player is awesome with my Sony headset.
I really like the style of the sony go which makes it apart from the 'ordinary' smart phone look. in addition, it is really thin and super light. water and dust resistant, which is very important for my sporty life (running & road cycling). the sound quality is great, and its dual core processor is powerful enough to provide easy going multi-tasking of apps. only draw back is that you cannot run it long time on 3G, because the battery is not that big (a natural consequence of the light weight and small dimensions).
it is the best phone which i ever because it is water proof , u can easily update your phone to a new version , it is very handy phone , u can easily install apps to this phone but it gets easily hot like a furnace . u should buy it because it has safety features to overcome this problem.
Battery is very bad,need to charge atleast three time in a day,game use to hang very frequently,processor is very slow (too much lag time),after touching on menu or anything , you need to wait for long time, for only first four month phone worked good but after that its a big pain, I will not b buying any sony xperia phone after this and now going for Moto G,hope Motorola will work well.
i'am using this phone since 1 year , its really irritating .The battery life is soooo poor , few months back there is a problem with touchscreeen(the left side of the screen is not responding) ,when i sent it to service center they repalced it with new piece( same Sony Xperia Go,white).for few days it good but later i found some screen crash i mean Sony Xperia Go and screen crash?????????? i dont get it.Some other deffects are >audio is very poor >screen always gets struck the only strength of this phone is >brand >the zoom quality is amazing.
Best phone Have now updated to Jelly Beans thanks to Sony and Water proof rocks There are many pros better make your own list cons Clock takes time to update, means will not show current time on first appearance. Speaker is ok not so good Battery is hell. Tried All modes/settings still it can work for 7-8 hrs only. Unexpectedly changes % of battery available.So may come on 25% from 80%
xperia go best in this range... NO competition for this phone at this price tag.. lumia 520 though its cheaper than go. I hate it personally. i got this phone two days back and i am loving it thx sony for creating such a osm product..
I purchased this phone from market for very less price, not from flipkart because flipkart was pricing it too high for black colour. Now about the phone, This phone is too good in this price range from a established brand like Sony. Pros: 1. First of all, it is a Dust and Water proof phone, which you will not find in any phone of this price range.Although I am not daring enough to test it, but it can at least survive from little shocks of life. 2. Android 2.3 gingerbread(upgradable to 4.1.2 Jellybean). Although the performance dropped a little bit after upgrade, but I advice you to continue with GB, until it becomes necessary to upgrade. 3. 5MP camera with HD recording is really up to the mark.Takes awesome pictures and Videos.Also has LED Flash, which can help you get good snaps in low light upto some distance. 4.Processor: 1Ghz-Cortex A9, which is best compared to its equivalent 1Ghz processors in performance. 5. RAM: 512MB, which is sufficient to perform many tasks at a given time.But if you are a hard core gamer, you should go for 1GB ram, in that case price also will be high. 6.Internal Memory is 8GB(4GB available for user).Also expandable upto 32GB 7. 3.5 inch display with Sony Bravia Engine, which improves its picture quality and watching a HD movie on this phone is fantastic. Yes, it can play 720p HD videos without any problem, But not 1080p, that is very high expectation within this price range. 8.Listening Music is a good experience with provided Ear-Phones. Cons: 1. Just one advice, Don't upgrade, otherwise you will regret.In Jelly bean, it is not as smooth as GB, but I have also checked Samsung S advance and people are also complaining about its update.So not a big issue.On play store, almost 95% apps are compatible for android 2.2 or higher.So you can continue with GB 2.3. 2. Inbuilt speaker sound is not very loud, Even with the X-Loud feature available, you cannot listen properly in a noisy environment.But OK overall. Thats all.I hope it will help you in getting you a phone, that will satisfy your needs. Thanks
Xperia Go .Winner in its range... Only one issue...Speaker position is wrong and vibration is not so effective,you may miss important calls sometimes. But loving it...Good Droid :)
Just bought it on 22th june. As usual very fast flipkart delivery. Guys update u'r XPERIA GO to Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean, and see how this phone runs smoothly and fast. Don't need to tell about its hardware, everyone knows its worlds toughest smartphone.
after upgrading my phone from android 2.3.7 to 4.0 its touch,speed becomes slow.after the wifi get coonected ,you should have to switch off your phone to turn off wifi.do not go for it if you are in this range go for HTC ONE V.
Bought this phone about 3 weeks back and happy with its features and functinality - Though it is less audible around crowded area, one can use headset as an alternative as that is safe for the person as well as phone - Initially, I was supposed to charge it everyday as I am a regular net user. On exploring Power Management on phone, got to know that there is an option for 'Extended Standby Mode'. Once you activate it, then you'll get battery backup for almost 2 days. I experienced it - Reg toughness of the phone, yes, we may loose the phone if it falls accidentally. But, I would suggest go for a flip (leather) cases as they'll avoid phone damage even if it falls accidentally
hi !! guys u can simply purchase this smartphone.under 15k ur getting a dualcore processor,Mali 400 GPU,Dust n Water resistant phone. PROS: 1)Dual core processor for multitasking n processing 2)Mali 400 GPU for flawless gaming(plus point for gamers) 3)Mobile bravia engine-Plays HD vedios well 4)Dust,water n scrath resistant can be used little rough also 5)5 MP cam,LED flash,HD recording and panorama 6)8 GB internal memory (no need of sd card) 7)3D Surround Sound, xLoud Audio Filter Technology for awesum sound clarity even in high decibels 8)Accelerometer, Proximity Sensor, Compass, Ambient Light Sensor for good motion censor control and censor gaming(plus point for gamers) CONS: It lacks only one issue that is OS android v4.0 atleast for a dual core processor and a smartphone especially for mobile like this. So,guys u can simply consider it if r ready 2 spend 15k on a mobile
Dear all, i am using XPERIA GO mobile since last 5 months, the phone is losing signal immediately after call completed. we have to wait upto 30 seconds for making another call. Also battery backup is only for one day for medium usage for phone calls. Also while charging battery charging percentage is not showing exactly. All other features are ok. It is a just good phone for rough and tough usage.
I use it for playing music and surfing net 2G 1 hr in morning and 1 hr in evening.In between normal usage of calls and 2G regularly on along with Auto Brightness and phone has now with time starting working for even 1.5 days.Hats off... I compared other phones as well during this purchase on Diwali,2011 Samsung had a phone in same range with a 1.2 mp front and 5 mp back cam but without zoom(Camera wihout zoom..wat's the use) Sony makes products after a lot of research so that we can have best of the features what we can get... One of my dear phones after Ngauge QD.....
I am using this phone since Aug-12. So far this phone have exceeded my expectations. Pros 1)Upgradable to ICS (ice-cream sandwich). 2)Better battery stand-by after the upgrade(cherry on the cake for a smartphone). 3)Includes Bravia Engine(takes your picture viewing experience to the next level) 4)Rough & Tough - Dropped my phone several times, washed the screen with water, kept in dusty atmosphere..still up and running without any issues 5)Camera Quality compared to other 5MP phone cams is far better. 6) You get to use the brand name - Sony 7) ICS offers you Walkman Cons 1)Need to have the option to change tracks using volume rocker just like SE Walkman phones. 2)720p videos sometimes lag while playing and does not support 1080p. At this price, I would highly recommend this rough and tough smart gadget!!!
its overall a good phone but trust me Motorola defy plus is a better and cheaper option this opinion is for people who really care about the hardware and not the looks .................................................................
