MOBD6VVSP8JZRYDN
This version is more or less similar to that of its predecessor(Galaxy Y). It has increased its RAM for better performance but uses the same 832 Mhz processor. But, remember that it has to handle two sims on standby, so I won't expect much higher performance. Pros: 1. 3.14 inch screen. 2. 3.15Mp Camera. Cons: 1. No camera flash. 2. Dual standby sim, not dual active.
I bought it 3 weeks before. Some features that I like of this handy phone are: SMS is showing as gmail threads and is interesting. I installed MX video player and was able to play movies with very good gesture controls. It gives 127 ppi screen, which s better than laptops ~112 ppi. It is able to play avi, mp4, mkv and a lot. while playing mp4, player is using hardware decoder and feels betteer. Also since resolution is 320x240 converted file will be lower size. (Convert files to mp4 with Xvid decoder for good clarity) I think it'll be good if samsung comes with 3.5" screen with same form factor. (they can do if they remove the company name from front view as Apple) I installed MyMusic player for playing audio with lyrics. Other things marked with following grade n-no, y-yes, 1- worst, 2-bad, 3-normal, 4-good, 5-excellent tabbed call log -n threaded cal log -n call record -n voice quality -4 text editing easiness -5 vibrator -2 PC suite -y battery % indication -n battery backup -2 (stays 1 day if calling 2 hours) cell info display -n back key -y option key -y enable-able menu -n folder creation -n vol keys -y play/pause -on headphone fwd/back -n _Issues: delivery report not shown as symbol on each msg. but it is shown in details. USB mass storage not working with Win7 even after installing Kies software. If keeping network on, automatically trasfer data, I dont know which app is the culprit. With 3.14" screen pdf reading is difficult since word wrapping not supported in pdf. Doc and txt ok. min. voice level is high. Switching back from flight mode is not working some times. _Improvements expecting: 3.5" screen more battery life gorilla glass individual sim activation could have shown in power key options _Interesting apps MX Player MyMusic Task List Checklist Moon+ Reader WordWeb Dictionary Simple Spreadsheet Text Edit X-plore Dual File Manager Google Docs _Interesting games Raging Thunder Block Puzzle Bubble Shoot Glow Hockey Unblock Pool Master
I got this mobile couple of days back and it met with my expectation. Before purchasing this, i heard like, switching the sim is difficult etc. But switching between is very easy, it just two touch! Pros: Very good touch screen. (Its fast) Sound Quality and Network capacity is good. Wifi, Net access is easy. 3.14 Inches touch screen (Which is very cool actually) Good Battery life. Cons: 1. I dont believe it is 3 PM camera! Its not that grt. No Flash, No front camera.. Wokey.. 9.2k.. we cant expect it should work like a Laptop!. its a cool phone. 15 days over, not facing any big problem.
I personally do not see anything special about this phone. Quite disappointing product from Samsung. It has : 1. Dual SIM which is NOT ACTIVE...... quite useless. 2. No Front Facing Camera... so no Video call. 3. No LED Flash ...... comes in quite handy. 4. Only 0.14 inch bigger screen size than Samsung Galaxy Y with same resolution. 5. Only 100 mAh more battery power..... but also 2 SIM. If it does not give at least one of the features mentioned above from point 1-3, then what is the point spending about Rs. 1600 more for this phone. There is hardly any substantial difference between Galaxy Y and Galaxy Y Duos other than the price. Rather buy Samsung Galaxy Y (which comes in at least 2 colours and 3 different coloured back covers and lots of accessories) than Galaxy Duos.
I am using this phone for almost two months and here are the pros and cons of this phone. PROS 1. Dual sim android phone. 2. Lots of apps (Android). 3. Nice look and feel. 4. Email/Chat Apps.(Google Apps) CONS 1. Pathetic Camera/ No Flash. 2. No front camera. 3. Pixel density very bad. 4. Low volume on speakerphone. 5. Very less internal memory (160 MB). Don't buy any android phone with less internal memory because most of the good android apps install only in phone memory and there is no support to transfer them to SD card. If you install more apps you will find a high lag in your phone even when you are opening a keypad. 6. Battery backup only one day. Don't expect much from this phone in terms of performance, if you are looking for a dual sim feature with android and ready to compensate on others then only go for it.
It is very gud phone.. with a very features. good camera and sound quality.. but secondary camera is needed.. Advantage: talking about processor speed and memory(RAM) and phone memory were both in same models..this is extraordinary @ price size is 3 inches its quite good @price cam quality with 2mp its quite good when compare to other phones which have 2 mp... galaxy ace consists of 5mp and led flash too and 3.5 inches and extra 200 adreno seperate processor for gaming this are the difference between ace and this beauty other features all same in both... even u had geo tagging too.. performance is good.. @price listen songs MP3 in this phone quite awesome & rocking effects.. I assure even in my galaxy ace also i didnt get this effect..so if u r music lovers go with this one..Iam guarantee..but buy good earphone ..what samsung provided earphones is not at all good... :) Desighn & grip is awesome its look like small iphone ..gauranteed.. Disadvantages: Screen size resolution is is little bit low .samsung had failed in this issue if this has been lifted little bit more Iam sure nobody can beat this phone.......but its ok its not at all that much worst if u think about the price i already said this is an entry level androiders especially for students and youth @ pocket money..best... while typing i found little bit difficult to type bcoz due to smaller screen letters were small ..so my big fingers were not suited for typing comfortably.. :) dont worry u can download gingerbread keyboard from market ..it suits well and good for big fingers like me..:) literally if u want to feel a really android experience u need to go for more than equal to 3.5 inches screen...
Hi All, Ordered and Got thru Flipkart.com. First impression Phone is good. The phone has no Dedicated SIM switch key like LG P698 (or no facility like Micromax touch mobiles - QUBE touch mobile, will ask which SIM1 or SIM2 while calling / SMS sending ). Painful to select which SIM before, if you want to call contacts in SIM1 or SIM2 depending upon your choice. Let me evaluate further and post more details on PROS and CONS of battery, network reception etc....
this is a form of encapsulation of all necessory features which is avialable in any expensive galaxy phone so it is an atom bomb but it have some problem like unexpected memory card remove prob. and if u instal much apps then mobile goes to hanging problem
Well, Those were my reactions! The former one when I bought it and the latter one when I used it.I had this craze of buying my first Android model and given my budget constraint of 8500 bucks I went for this one and that's when it all started. Almost all the features provided by this model is almost satisfactory but the battery life. Simply put "it sucks". If you are using any of the things like music, videos or even surfing web for an hour you'd see the battery bar come down to around 40% that was fully charged earlier. It hardly goes for a day if fully charged once. So if you're planning to take this phone on a trip then you have no option rather taking an extra battery with you. If I could manage 3000 more bucks, then maybe I'd have definitely opted the biggest android seller in the world- HTC of course. HTC perhaps would have offered me with Android 4.0. Albeit I ain't sure about the battery life in the meanwhile, maybe it'd have been a better deal that comes with Android 4.0. "Be Careful What You Wish For Folks"
I purchasd this phone from Flipcart, I must say flipcart service is really great. I got this phone with some factory technical issues, I called flipcart they have promised a replacement for the same in 2-4 business days and I am waiting for that ,hope to get my phone soon. I used this phone just two days and based on my two days use, I would say this phone has some pros and cons as well; CONS: 1. WORST Battery Backup: It lasts only 2-2:30 hrs when using 2g or 3g, and I did not check it in stand by or only on calling. 2. Camera 3mp: Doesn't seem a 3 mp camera, photograph is not good. 3. No Flash 4. No front Camera 5. Dual Sim not active (You can't get call on other sim while using one) 6. Less sound on speaker mode. 7. Music sound and quality are not so impressive on speaker. 8. No voice and Video chat support on gtalk, yahoo messanger. PROS: 1. Great Touch. 2. Nice Look 3. Dual Sim 4. Easy to configure emails. 5. You can configure many email accounts (Better than Blackberry) 6. Gmail App preloaded 7. GPS 7. Easy to switch from one sim to other. 8. Preloaded many apps like You Tube 9. Supports almost all Apps. 10.Android Market access. 11.Notification. 12.Wi-fi works really great. Let me get my replacement phone, would post more after using my new phone. -- Sajid Mohammed
it's a great phone,i bought samsung galaxy y duos S6102 in Rs. 8500 on 15th march,i fall in love with it, great picture quality, good sound, battery back up is also good, wifi connectivety is good, touch screen is very good, the only problem in this is no dedicated key for switching to other sim,believe me we will fall in love with it, strongly recommend to buy this
I am using this phone from 20 days. good phone BUT BUT BUT .. i am very much dissatisfied with camera. Camera image quality is very bad as compared to a nokia 3MP camera. Samsung should learn improving camera quality from nokia. when images copied to pc and zoomed in then i noticed the bad quality of image. i will never buy samsung again in my life.
Very happy with Flipkart's service received the phone on 25th April 2012, ordered the device on 24th April 2012, just took a day. The Pros: ========== The phone itself has a very good touch input, highly responsive and intuitive.The android OS was 2.3 was easy to work with.A good display size and well designed phone.Decent camera. The Cons: ========= Had bought this phone over the other galaxy y android phone for the added dual sim option, but was disappointed with how it works as we have to select any one sim as active, when we do this if someone calls on the other sim, he would get the message as busy, which effectively means we can only receive calls on the active sim, making the other sim as good as not being there. Earphones and music quality are average. So my advice is do not buy this phone for the dual sim option, but if you just think this as a single sim phone having android in this price range, its a decent buy.
Samsung Galaxy Y Duos is good android phone with Dual Sim flavor. I have very great experience with this phone. I can Text and Download in same time. 800 MHz Processor, and 300 mb ram make this robust in use. Image Quality of Camera is Very good. and Switching form One phone to another is very easy.One Disadvantage is that you can't attain new call in one sim while talking in second sim. any way I have a great experience with this smart phone. Fast and economic. Thanks to FlipKart for providing this new model in 4 day with good feature and Very good Condition.
although some features r good. i would like to point out the negative one. because everybody knows the pros but when u want to buy a phone u ought to know cons which i didn't & fell into this crap. Hang Problem - this phone can't handle too much apps. u will literally feel frustrated when ur newly bought phone works like some old piece of crap.
To all..i regret...Guys dont buy this phone...this is samsung's new piece of crap. when u are active on one sim other sim goes dead...people may call you and abuse you for keeping the number switched off. even if you have data connection active on one sim other wont work....hehehe. I dont know what technology Samsung is working on. HTC Sony are far better devices.
awesome phone with 3mp camera, 3.2 inch capacitive touch, android 2.3, dual sim with dual standby, super cool n fast gps, i dont find any lag its great. touchwiz rocks and battery backup is sufficient to me love this phone i just dont find any cons in this phone for this price range . samsung gas done a good job .
It was my first switch back in 2012 from a normal Symbian Nokia smartphone to this piece... The craze of an Android was such in me that without comparing without any other company, I bought this.. And in 2 or 3 months better processor,battery life, and ofcourse the memory products were available which were too great and I was like what the hell did I do! Seriously, after buying these and when I saw ICS(in 2013 maybe) then Jellybean and all one by one...I was waiting my chance to throw this away 160MB Internal....Are you serious? And not even a single upgrade to software (atmost it went from 2.3.3 to 2.3.6 , LOL!) Well, now there are good phones with nice memory amount and it feels great Lastly, the Flipkart delivery service due to it deserves 1 star only, from day 1 the back button started facing issues, frequently it didn't work and I had to give a strong tap or a blow so that it just takes me back -_- Please, decision is upto you...but do no buy this phone...I bought and I know how much I suffer till date.
A decent product from Samsung, only the battery seems to be draining faster, disproportion to its usage, plastic / external cover material seems to be of poor quality, however with regard to performance it is good. Flipkart service is exemplary, keep the good work going.
Have purchased this mobile few years back. It is a good mobile considering the Android OS and Dual SIM funtionalities. BUT, the performance is not that gr8 compared to the phones provided by the Micromax or HTC in the same price range. The mobile provided by Micromax and HTC will be a better buy rather than going for this one.
after buying this mobile my friend seen the features of this mobile about 10 friends buyed same moblie now another friend is going to buy this.i say thanks to samsung for manufacturing this mobile thank you samsung
From day one itself mobile backup is not good. 1st time they have sent damge means its automatically siwtching off and 2nd also after replacement,battery backup is not good.nly 2 hrs its giving backup.
I bought this cell 3 months ago.... as i love the features that Samsung is providing in this cell, even though its good phone below 9k but I think it still need some more features and development.. as follows 1. First of all the internal memory its only 170mb which is 20mb lesser than the previous galaxy y. Atleast there should be 300mb or 512mb. 2. Screen quality I meant the resolution should have been little more , colors of videos and images looks washed away. 3. Its 832MHZ proccesor but doesn't support some low quality games too , due to no internal graphics (I think so) 4. And the MOST Important thing the Back Key it doesn't work sometime..... and this problem is all over galaxy y & y duos models Anyways if you still have a interest in this cell you can go for it!! My fav Apps & Games, which u may like too:- 1. MXplayer 2. Poweramp 3. Raging thunder 4. Ninjump 5. Cut the rope challenge 6. SMS collection 7. ColorNotes 8. Whatsapp 9. Smart Gallery 10. 1-click cleaner 11. Diversion 12. My Paper Plane 1 & 2 Thanks for reading!! :-)
Though, I have not bought it from flipkart, I wish to state flipkart guided me fine. Abosolutely a fine smart phone: 1) No problem in switching betweent SIMs. 2) Enough battery support for 1 day full. 3) Good audio quality. 4) Camera quality appropriate to the cost. (OK). 5) Game T20 Fever runs fast. (speed OK). 6) Mail speed/Internet speed OK. Not waste of money.
I bought Samsung Galaxy Ace Duos couple of weeks back. Dual SIM is not Dual Active. Transceiver is horrible. It receives only 2 bars on network indicator when other mobiles show 5 bars. Pathetic; One thousand rupees phone performs better than this phone. Samsung Kies software lacks basic features such as syncing Outlook tasks. I recommend Nokia Lumina instead of this stupid Samsung Galaxy phones. Samsung phones must be avoided. I didn't believe negative reviews on this phone; Result => I lost my money.
It was my first Android phone and I am in love with it since the day one. The device is also great and the price which I got fro FlipKart was the best. Will love to buy Samsung Products as well as from FlipKart. I also can say it is the best value for money phone as where else can you get Android, Dual SIM, a Brand, Touch Screen, Wifi, GPS, 3 MP Camera etc for 8.9K
Before buying this phone i thought it would give me the features as been written in the specification, but i am really disappointed to find that some of the features doesn't even works as mentioned below as following points: 1. Adobe flash player not supported. 2. Camera is as same as 2.0 megapixel not 3.2 MP 3. Processor VRMG-6 not said as VRMG-7 as said in the specification. Even the headphones are not as same as Galaxy S5360 which is easily fit inside the ears. So, i am totally disappointed with the phone. So, buyers if you want a good phone within the range of 9000 INR, then you should go for the lowest priced HTC phone.
Flipkart...as said and known...the best for its service and timely response. S6102 - Good mobile with Dual Standby GSM..and the Touch Screen is Really good.Let me tell you some facts. A)Very good 3 MP camera with Video recording @ 25Fps B)Supportrs HD/AVI/Mp4/3GP video formats and amazing picture clarity. C)MP3 player is good but have to use Pushin earphones for better quality of sound. D)WIFI is awsome and as promised 3G is too good. E)3.0 version of Bluetooth is real fast in sharing and recieving files. F)Android platform gives some good 3D games to play if bought Full versions. G)3.5MM Jack connect to your 5.1CH and enjoy the music H)If you want to browse the internet using mobile for more than 2 hrs...then plz dont expect the battery to support and more over if usage is more than 2hrs...then..plz use ur Lap/desktop. I)I would definitely suggest this mobile to all those who would want to buy.
I had been playing with Android powered phones of my friends for a while but wasn't able to make a decision. I had Samsung Duos and was using two sim and was reluctant to give up my old one until this came and I did not wait for another day. It came rather very quickly than expected. The phone which is not a high end Android device is none the less excellent in every sense. It came with latest Androis 2.3 update making it better. The screen is slightly smaller in terms of length but it makes it up with it's breadth. The processor is pretty good and haven't had much lag while using. Downloading and syncing is as comfortable as with any high end Android device. Camera:- is a little disappointment as the picture quality tends to be grainy. Apps: Instagram apps did not work although it is compatible.Few more apps are not compatible with the phone which is not a big downside anyways. There are always alternatives. Battery Life:- so far has been good. Definitely recommend to people who would like to move on to Android powered phones for a reasonable price but one that gives a great Android experience
I purchased this phone less than a week ago from Flipkart. I had been using the Dell XCD35 Android phone for the last 1 year, and lost it recently, so had to buy a replacement phone. The Samsung Galaxy Y Duos is definitely inferior to the XCD35 in terms of display. The display is grainy and colours appear dull. So I am quite disappointed. Due to the low resolution of the display, it is difficult to use a few apps, because very less space is left to view the body of the app as the header and footer take up most of the space on the screen. e.g. for gmail, you will only be able to see 2 or 3 emails in the list, if you are trying to delete emails and the footer with 4 buttons opens up. The phone is also slow. I am blaming that on the processor+memory. My Dell XCD35 seemed faster to me for all apps, even though it had a slower processor. I think the Micromax A78 or Karbonn A9 would be better options compared to the Galaxy Y Duos. They have larger better quality displays and in the case of the A78, a sleek qwerty phone as well, and of course both are Dual SIM. Wish I had done my research properly before buying this.
Samsung Android phones are never good. Samsung always makes over-promise-under-delivery. The company spends very much on commercials like Nokia and provides cheap below-par products. I have personally seen Samsung Android Smartphones. Those are in way as good as LG (which is always a neglected company in case of mobiles). But as a genuine user, I can always say that LG's Androids are far better than that of Samsung, any day, especially the mid-range Androids. Amongst the drawbacks of Samsung, one which I HAVE to mention, is the poor display. Samsung NEVER provides a good display. It always tends to put a display with low resolution and low pixel density, resulting in lower quality of the visible on-screen graphics.
As everybody knows that android OS consumes alot of battery.. Even the previous Galaxy Y's battery backup sucks.. Now they introduced it with dual sim....OMG.... AND THEY SAMSUNG WROTE 17hrs of talk time in 2G....... BELIEVE ME GUYS, I used this phone and in continue talk with my galfrnd,,, using 4 battery saver apps including App killer, it only manages to last with 8hours (using with headphones).. 17hrs on android with 1300mAh, WHAT A FAKE...... Phone is good for rest work, performance is also not good, screen resolution is very annoying, almost every time your have to zoom to read texts clear (im not comparing my iphone 4s screen with this but cmon' its really annoying while reading something online. MY ADVICE= NEVER BUY ANY ANDROID MOBILE with DUAL SIM... (every techie knows that, sucks!)
Positives - The processor speed is very good for browsing the internet. - The touch is very sensitive Negative - Camera Quality - Battery drains fast with in one day (Though its common for a smart phone) i will surely recommend this phone for new buyers.... Go for it... and just feel the change... Also buying the mobile in filpkart is great experience, they offer good service to the buyers.
Every phone will have some + & -, mainly about this phone is a good phone for Android starters but the battery back up is WORST, the battery back up for a fuuly charged is not more than 28-30 hrs and if we browse the net for a long time it is not more than 22-24 hrs. SO THINK BEFORE U BUY
I bought this mobile from a local dealer...initially i was very happy but after using it 1 week i was frustrated ...just installed facebook and google play services(thats essential to run many apps) and the device shows memory full!! And i think to throw the phone in the dustbin..the bad features are;- 1 low internal memory 2 low ram 3 low battery you need to charge twice a day. 4 low ppi you can see pixellation 5 bad camera no flash no front camera and so on i jst wnt say to that buy moto e or redmi 1s or asus zenfone or any other micromax product so that you stay happy other products in the market provide you 8 gb internal memory atleast i gigs of ram and ips display and good camera with flash and front camera thnx
Samsung's worst phone in the price range not at all good.only gingerbread and 3 mp camera, 160 MB just does not make sense. Of coarse for 4000 or 5000 max it would.I wish there were zero stars that's what it deserves "a big zero".
A real bullshit from Samsung. Less RAM, Less internal memory, the phone got hanged now and then, bad camera quality, low sound…. What else!!! If you want to turn your life in to a real mess … buy this product :P
My sister is using this product from 15 months. Overall this product is very good but it is outdated.
Please dont buy this in 2014 its an absolute waste..........you have update evrything..............and to do that also their is very limited space........only 176 mb internal memory................and ram is horrible...........256 mb...........Its one hell of a waste....................it cannot be updated to ics
After hearing much praise for Samsung Android phones, I brought this phone as a trial for moving on to bigger phone like Galaxy grand. My curiosity was further heightened as Android is a Linux (unix) based OS. Boy!! I was in for a shock. The phone is a Adware!! Constantly connects to internet and downloads advertisements, there is NO way to disable advertisement download, after gobbling up 2GB the adware will pull money off your main balance. ADWARE phone. Call quality is HORRIBLE, I am having issues in receiving calls and dialing. Phone freezes in call and hangs up. Receives call and freezes. Battery is HORRENDOUS as we have to recharge every few hours or so. Games are good, iike Angry birds but they download ads. No free good ad free games here. I used Nokia E71 which gave me trouble free operation for last 4 years, before it conked out, and I miss that phone very much....
This is a good phone for routine use. Pros: 1. Light weight 2. Easy to use touch screen 3. Many customizations 4. All the accessorries easily available 5. Nice and professional looks 6. Reasonable camera 2MP Cons: 1. No flash for the camera 2. Internal memory is average. (Not suitable for games etc.) 3. Background service unnecessarily consumes a lot of GPRS data.
really nice phone for first android experience qith these specifications samsung again satisfied their customers! GENERAL 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G Network HSDPA 900 / 2100 - GT-S6102 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) HSDPA 850 / 2100 - GT-S6102B (SIM 1 & SIM 2) SIM Dual SIM (Mini-SIM, dual stand-by) Announced 2011, December Status Available. Released 2012, February BODY Dimensions 109.8 x 60 x 12 mm (4.32 x 2.36 x 0.47 in) Weight 109 g (3.84 oz) DISPLAY Type TFT capacitive touchscreen, 256K colors Size 240 x 320 pixels, 3.14 inches (~127 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes - Samsung TouchWiz SOUND Alert types Vibration; MP3 ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB, 2 GB included Internal 160 MB, 512 MB ROM, 290 MB RAM DATA GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Speed HSDPA, 7.2 Mbps WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v3.0 with A2DP USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 CAMERA Primary 3.15 MP, 2048x1536 pixels, check quality Features Geo-tagging Video Yes, QVGA@24fps Secondary No FEATURES OS Android OS, v2.3 (Gingerbread) CPU 832 MHz Sensors Accelerometer, proximity, compass Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, RSS Browser HTML Radio Stereo FM radio with RDS GPS Yes, with A-GPS support Java Yes, via Java MIDP emulator Colors Black - SNS integration - MP4/WMV/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+ player - Organizer - Image/video editor - Document viewer - Google Search, Maps, Gmail, YouTube, Calendar, Google Talk, Picasa - Voice memo/dial - Predictive text input BATTERY Li-Ion 1300 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 360 h Talk time Up to 9 h
I am not satisfied with this product which i have purchased.I will only request everyone not to think of buying this product.
i bought the phone one year ago. and it is worth the price. wonderful camera screen sensitivity. look.. supports maximum games... yea thr occurs some problems in buetooth n connectivity but it is altogether a nice phone to buy. P.S handle with care..
I bought my hand-set in March 2012. Almost right from the beginning I had problems; it used to get disconnected during conversations, and battery consumption was rapid even without internet & other applications. Had taken the set to Samsung Authorised Service Centre at Vadgaon Sheri, Pune on two occasions during the warranty period for these problems. Around May 2013 the battery consumption was very very fast; even without any usage 100% charge would come down to about 5% within 8 hours. The Service Centre diagnosed the problem as one of mother board, and that this needed to be replaced. Since it had just crossed the Warranty, I was told that I had to bear the expense. So I decided to scrap the hand-set and get a new hand-set, but NOT Samsung.
I do not recommend this phone at all!! First day it was well going. Day 2:it started hanging again and again in 2 minutes Day 3: it had to be given to the service centre and then it started working well But after some Time it again started hanging And also has very less battery time
there is a good touch screen..superb battery back up.. tile arrange are also good. dual sim is real helpful. voice google search. play store..opera mini pre-install. stylish figure..texture.. Ram also smooth working..
This is a great phone to use. one drawback is internal memory only over all good. good camara headfone
he phone isnt worth the money. cant install more than 10 apps filling up the app space soon this is not for android users...cant really call it a mid-range budget phone R
I am using these mobile since January 2013 and after that I am writing Review for these Product. Touch is very smooth. I have listen from many persons about samsung mobile complaints and they are correct many models have problems, but these model Samsuung 6102 is really good phone, Its also have some cons, but the big Headache is Internal Memory only 170 MB. So never go for it. Plus - smooth touch, Internet is working fast without hang of device, apps are working smoothly. Cons - Its lags while using more than 2 Apps, Android 2.3 cant run many applications, Internal Memory is the big Headache only 170 MB. So if your budget is low, then go for Xolo Smart Phones or Samsung Galaxy Pocket Neo S5312.
i have this within 2 years bought by flipkart budget phone with best touch screen. wifi,internet is very reliable and successful than other smartphone overall very good in this range.
Product is nice as described in the description. Best android dual sim phone for entry level guys. Cool cool cool cool
Samsung Phones might be good. But the service part of it is very bad some times, at least for me 1. Samsung Mobile Service centres do not provide Chip level service!!! 2. They Deliver the product without verifying if the problem is fixed 3. They collect money for the service even if it has not resolved your issue and not ready to refund I had bought a Galaxy Y Duos Black mobile from Flipkart.com. It started giving problem just after 1.5 years. First the memory card got corrupted. I replaced the card. After a few days the battery started draining very fast. May be after an automatic software update from Samsung. The battery was becoming 0% from 100% in 8-10 in idle mode. I did factory reset - no use. I Bought a new battery - no use. Gave in Samsung Authorized service centre - Telnet Services, Koramangala, Bangalore. They updated software and declared as problem solved and took money from me. I had asked them twice whether they have verified it. They told yes. When I checked the issue was still existing. Gave it back to the service centre. Then they told that they have to change the complete board since they can not spot the problem in the board and repair(what kind of experts are working there!). That will almost costs same amount of a new cell phone with same spec!!. So I took back the phone. I asked for the refund of the money I paid for the software update which was useless and they didn't pay saying that it is labor charge. How nice ! For doing some useless service too Samsung take money from customers. The only service the technicians know is update software,replace mother board or replace display. So if you get any hardware issue after the warranty period better go to a local service centre or buy a new phone.
it is not worth the price we pay for it is as good as m m ninja 3 but twice the price micro max mobiles are much better than samsung in terms of price to features ratio
The mobile is very good and cheap. It has good battery back up, and one of the best android phone for this price.
samsung galaxy y duos .. some features r as like glaxy y .. better camera . ... 0.14 inch bigger screen . bt d internal memory is low (only 160 mb ) and no upgrade facility of android ..
I purchased this handset with a lot of expectations and it has been one of the worst phone I have ever used. Very low battery back up, internal memory and phone hangs everytime. Sometimes phone is switched off in an hour in stand by.
Its amazing to see that you order one day and product will be available next day noon in your hands. Same happened with me. I already read reviews of this product, so only concern was delivery as this phone is for gifting to my elder brother on his special occasion. And as expected Flipkart didn't failed my expectation. Good service. Became fan of the delivery. Also, packaging is very good and safe for such sophisticated materials. 1 from me.
i just gifted this one to my sister ...as usual best service from Flipkart ....and actually this only meant for android beginner ....thing is the problem in Internal memory and RAM memory ....which prevents from installing more apps , and old aged android version....overall a good one
see I purchased the model last month. The second day before the second local call the whole system completly collapsed. The instrument was handed over to a authorised servicing station and got it repaired. After 24 hrs the same problem started. The phone was getting heating and sim card show zero balancing even after repeated E.C. It took twenty days to get it repaired. Servicing people told me that they have replaced the whole panel. Any way they did not replace the item. By God's sake it is now functioning. I did not tested the internet and other facilities so far. SO I lost my confidence in the Samsung produts. The same problem happened two years back when i purchase another Model of Samsung phone.
The colour of the device getting faded or getting removed from the edges.Dont know why samsung make such products which can not lasts to long.
Good product to start up with for android version. It has everything loaded in it. With google play store you download various application and enjoy on this phone.
screen too small; , resolution low,; internet slow,; too much lag,; very sensitive touch screen; dual sim very useful; bought it because it is fully compatible with microsoft blue∧ me in fiat linea. the car bluetooth is working excellent; flipkart service is very good
i used samsung gaxy y dous.. this phone is also good.....at this price...i used this phone at 7 month.............and i am nothing to face at any probelm ...... this is a good quality samsung galaxy mobile........... i recomended everyone use this phone....
Overall the product is good. The exterior colours are attractive and well designed for music purpose. easy to use.Sound clarity is good. Very strong body.User friendly for the first time android users. It has wifive gprs navigaiton photo enlargement features Cons of the of this product not a jelly bean. well suitable for romaing people and youster.
This is the in my personal opinion the worst phone ever made. I am sure cause I OWN THIS CR**!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1) The display suc*s! 2) its android 2.3(don't think you can root it and make it 4.xx cause there is no driver for its processor not even a stable cynogenmod) 3)NO GPU!! if i play a game on this i am sure this will end up in pieces cause I CANT BEAR THE FREAKING LAGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 4) THE PROCESSOR SUCK**SS! 833mhz (are you kidding me) 5)150 MB INTERNAL!!!!!(it a joke right.WRONG!!) AAAND AND IT STILL has the AUDACITY TO ASK FOR 7K(cRAAAAA********) BUY SAMSUNG STAR GUYS
Simple Phone Android with limited internal memory. You can only install WhatsApp latest version and may be upgrade your Google Maps. The internal memory will be almost full by just small upgrades and 1 App!. You may not use this phone for more than 6 Months due to internal memory considerations.
I'll start the review with a word of appreciation for flipkart. Thumbs Up guys! Coming to the phone, a few basic takeaways could be helpful before you finally plan to hit the purchase button. Android 2.3.6 (Gingerbread, so called basic version of android, don't know why some of us are so finicky about the basic version, i mean andriod 2.3.6 is complete in all aspects, so the next versions aren't any 'upgrades' which generally we perceive when some dumb storekeeper nags us for a higher android in place of 2.3) supported in this phone is best because with its ram capacity it's the optimum that this phone could have afforded. So no complaints there. The looks are not that sharp, but may depend on your choice of handsets and size of your palm, so better watch a few videos to get a feel of it. Display too not all full marks, performance gets a bit slower when you keep adding the apps, so always remember uninstalling them when you don't need them any more. Now in some places it takes away those extra points, some much needed apps like 'file manager' is inbuilt, so overall equation somehow tilts in favour of samsung only. Rest assured, until you hit the phone with all your strength on a stone wall, it's not gonna BREAK!
I am using this hand set since last one year and found it very convenient, comfortable and up to date with no problem. I ma happy to buy this set. I am not so fond of many applications but what ever I need I have that. I wanted the conversation recording facility also but that was not there, hence I have down loaded that from the internet and found working perfectly. At the time I purchased it, there was an offer of Samsung bluetooth headset which was very attractive offer, I did not waiste any time and ordered it immediately. I am satisfied with this phone at the price. There is no need to say about the service of Flipkart which is as usual quick and satisfactory. I would recommend for it to all who wants the smart at this small price.
i will highlight few problems /issues i faced good budget android phone at 6k range few major issues ... 1 # poor receiver .Sound reception quality is very bad from phone most of the time person other side not able to hear my voice same is not there while using the headphone . 2# dual sim but mostly the signal from SIM1 is going down/No signal . i am using vodaphone for both Sim#1 & Sim#2 3# yeah battery backup is not that good ..
Mobile is good.... there are no glitches while using the UI..... However one recommendation to others..... Please do not install free third party apps.. this does not make mobile slow but also drains battery. Chances of getting malware are also huge. So please review this while posting negative comments ................
Its a good one than galaxy y single sim ....... it has good camera and net speed tooo ..... stylish ..... etc if u spend just 300 more than galaxy y single sim u will get tis phone which is better than that ....
Using this for 8 months now and have faced few unusual problem. CONS: 1. After 3-4 months the mobile started to boot automatically several times a day after installing various application. And this problem solved when I put it to factory settings and put restriction on the number of applications and started clearing the history data. 2. Mobile used to show the SIM range indicator but I could not make a call or nobody else could call me. After few instances I make out that when the connectivity is gone the SIM range indicator works but the internet indicator would go off. Initially it showed when I inserted 2 SIMs. So, first I removed one SIM and checked but the problem persist. Than I updated the S/W and till now its not showing that problem. May be its solved. PROS: 1. Nice touch experience 2. Camera quality is good for outdoor snaps 3. Good ROI I am satisfied with this mobile as a new comer to the touch devices. If you don't use much applications as I do then you would be satisfied otherwise look for a mobile with larger internal memory.
awesome phone on this price gr8 worth... bt there is some cons.. like a) low internal memory it should be min 1gb b)front cam ( bt in this price expctd this is bit more) pros.. a)gr8 screen resolution b)price available on flipkart is gr8 overall its a gr8 phone....
Hats-off to Flipkart for their prompt delivery. I did not install any extra application other than those that came pre installed. But still the phone was bit slow. Other than this no negative points.
Its a hopless mobile every time i am giving it for repair, Samsung is also not supporting the same to get the problem resolved. The mobile hang every time. Their is no proper support from the Flip cart neither from Samsung.
I got this phone from flipkart 8 months back.i have been using this phone since last 8 months.still didn't find any flaws with this phone.performance wise it is good.features are decent as expected under 10k.now the price has already been slashed.i got this on 8,500.The price has surprisingly slashed.
I have been using galaxy y duos for an year . It was working fine but after an year dual sim is not working. The phone gets hung for every 10 minute and you need to remove your battery and restart the phone to make it work. The service is also poor and they are not able to rectify the issue.
Galaxy Y or Galaxy Y Duos 1. This set hangging & when you want to open phone book then slow working. 2. No Front Facing Camera... so no Video call. 3. No LED Flash ...... comes in quite handy. 4. Only 3.14 inch screen size.
1. Camera quality is good and also faster capturing but no flash. 2. Dual sim, bt most times get problem in connection the n/w. 3. No front camera. 4. Limited to 2.3 OS, we can't upgrade the OS. 5. the battery will come only for 5 hrs on 2G or 3G, so we can't enjoy the internet on long journeys. 6.Don't have front camera so no video calls. if u want only smart phone with dual sim u can prefer this phone other wise go for any other one
everything good i satisfied but the battery not give 17Hrs talk time only 2hrs standby 7hrs if you want battery withstand when traveling this mobile make lot of tension so go buy best nokia
it would be great if there is an option for a front cam to use video calling and if upgrading the soft ware can be made which would be very useful. On the whole its user friendly but now a days i find it hangs alot and the switch of button gets stuck
I loved this phone initially but within few days, I noticed that the phone needs to be taken to Samsung Servicing centre for them to update/activate most of the applications to start working. The dual sim facility was a dud! The speaker is also quite average compared to other brands. In fact, after a tumble or two, the speaker is now completely useless. The price was also quite pricey as in that price range, there are far more beautiful smart phones these days.
The phone is very slow and doesn't have enough internal memory to install a few basic apps. 170 MB only and if you use 100 then it just slows down like anything. It is a basic phone then can be bought if you don't want to use many apps. Look for better options.
First of all, Thanks for Flipkart, I received phone in 2 Days. really quick service. Coming to Mobile. Ya Liked the mobile... Plus Points. 1. Touch Was Really Good. 2. UI was really Good. 3. sound of Mp3 Was Really Awesome. 4. Battery Was Good. As of now I am getting 2 days. 5. Features are Good. Minus Points: 1. Ringing Volume was not as Expected. 2. Until and unless we Install Another music player , we cant change the user-defined Ringtone.
internal memory is only 170 mb so we cant load more apps other wise it is good.other thing is very easy to handle.value for money is sure.good speed.very easy to toutch.battery back up is good.voice rcording while calling is not to see.
A major problem arising with the Battery. 3.7V Li-ion Battery is being used for the said model which delivers worst services I have ever seen. Although, specification given are 17 hrs (2G) and 6 hrs (3G) against talk time, which is virtually incorrect and a serious lie. I have only few friends to talk with and the battery life is hardly 2 hrs after a full recharge. I take up the matter with Samsung and they had send me the following generalized reply- 2012.11.14 Dear Mr. Sarkar, We apologize for the inconvenience caused to you. Handset batteries have a standard internal charging and recycling process. To get the best battery performance, you need to charge the battery only when the bars in charging indication become empty and charge it until these charging bars stops blinking. The battery of the handset can be charged in two modes. On charging the handset in SWITCHED ON mode, the charging indication on the main display stops blinking after the complete charge of the battery. During charging the handset in SWITCHED OFF condition, the indication of “CHARGING COMPLETE” appears on the main display of the handset. If you are still getting the same battery problem then we request you to visit the nearest Authorized Service Center of Samsung for the mentioned problem of the handset. The address details of Samsung Service Centers are available at our website. Please click on the link mentioned below to get more information: http://www.samsung.com/in/support/location/supportServiceLocation.do?page=SERVICE.LOCATION Regards, Technical Support Team Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. Now, you can also Chat Live on http://livechat.support.samsung.com/LiveChat/customer/notice_pop.jsp or find troubleshooting guides on our Website: www.samsung.com/in/support Disclaimer: All materials on this site are protected by copyright and intellectual property laws and are the property of Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. unless stated otherwise; you may access and download the materials located on www.samsung.com/in only for personal, non-commercial use.
First of all ,Thanks to Flipkart for the amazing service .. Just love it Coming to the phone, the camera is good . But coming to internal memory given in the phone ( 170 mb only ) it's horrible. U can't even download 30 apps properly which is disgusting from Samsung side . touch, call clarity , switching b/n two sims is quite easy. If you are app-centric, then never go for this phone .. and definitely all android phones will hang in future because they are not capable enough to hold multi-tasking easily .
The phone is ok, ideal for basic use...none for gaming stuff....bad internal memory which keeps displaying errors of memory full...rooting helps to some extent, but cannot install higher os of ICS in this..
S6102 is a good phone for first time android user like me.. I'm using this phone for 15 days now.. 1. cam quality is very good in daylight.. but very average at low light.. 2. dual standby is not user friendly... u have to switch all d time between the sim-cards.. 3. headphone quality is very good.. 4. internet speed is quite good... 5. very light-weighted.. good to carry.. 6. very low internal memory...its a great hazard i swear.. 7. touch is really smooth.. it has real feather touch capability.. 8. display screen is very cool.. looking attractive.. THERE ARE SOME PROS & CONS.. BUT ITS A GOOD PRODUCT FROM A TRUSTABLE BRAND SAMSUNG...
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS MODEL.FULLY WASTE OF MONEY. 6 MONTHS AFTER USE,THE PRODUCT HAS FINALLY SHOWN ITS TRUE COLORS. BATTERY BACK UP OF ONLY 3-4 HRS WITH STAND BY MODE,EARLIER IT WAS AROUND 2-3 DAYS WITH NORMAL USAGE. MOTHERBOARD GETS SHORT CIRCUITED FREQUENTLY.HAD IT CHANGED FROM SERVICE CENTER BUT THE PROBLEM STILL PERSISTS.VERY VERY BAD SERVICE FROM SAMSUNG.
Its a very good phone with enough application. Its worth of money. But camera is not good quality. Android performance is very good. Not much lag in running application. RAM is really helpful in performance. 720p videos will not work, but 460p working awsome
This is the Fantastic Mobile, Its a Best Touch Phone in this rate with best duos facility. I love this mobile and totally fun to use this mobile, I have recommend 3 of my friends who have recently purchased and are satisfied. Samsung Rocks
Flipkart's usual pre-timely delivery does not surprise me anymore. About this phone... It provides a good base for any beginner android user. The touch response is quite smooth. And is an overall good phone. I have been using this for about 2weeks now, and have come up with only 2 difficulties. 1. The low system internal memory. Not many apps can be used. Even if you are not an app-savy person, it is a major problem. Often you would be asked to update your software, which, if you do, shall eat into your little internal space. 2. The dual standby sim feature. It is not a dual active but dual standby sim feature. What this means is that when u are talking on one sim the other would be unavailable. You cannot keep your data planb working continuously in say sim2 when you have to make a call or text from sim1. Honestly I think Nokia X2-02 provides a better dual sim integration than this phone. If you can live through these problems, go for it. My honest suggestion is that dont go for this phone unless you absolutely have to (like me).. But that being said.. the remaining performance is quite satisfactory 3/5
the set works well but the head set does not work. For the first time users it seems complicated but after one gets accustomed one enjoys it. It is not possible to have different files for different themes of music in music file- it is one of the inconvenience experienced by the users
Phone is good but now its too much old in technology Screen is not good at all Bad net experience on this phone Processor is just 800 mhz which is not good for gaming Screen becomes Hanged while multitasking . . Any one can go for Micromax Canvas 2 A110 it is much better than this phone in everything in just a little bit extra amount My experience was not good at all with this phone
in low price i thinkthink this is the best best smart phone..... 1. Good camera - 5 mp 2. Ram - 512 MB - so good processing speed 3. Battery life is good, however drains fast on 3G 4. Dual sim works when data connection is active. i.e if im using the data connection of sim 1- i can receive calls on sim 2. 5. Can use the data connection of either sim 6. Much Lighter than the Karbonn A9 7. Android phone
FlipCart's offer for the same was cheaper than many of the other portals. Yet there was no compromise on the quality of the good. And the time of delivery was good enough. The entire process went through smoothly. Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 is a good buy. A budget phone with some of the latest features.
I have been using this Phone since past 6 months and here are few pros and cons: Pros: 1) Good if its ur first android. 2) Reasonable price with all the features. 3) Working great for mee since past 6months, lags sometimes due to low memory RAM. 4) Dual Sim 5) Good Battery Backup. Lasts for more than 24hrs. 6) Easy to switch between both the sims just a tap before calling. Cons: 1) Camera is not good even if its 3MP. 2) Since the internal memory is just 170mb, its not good for people who like to install lots of games and apps. I alwez have to clear my cache and app data since i face low memory problem and cant install any more apps now :( 3) The Playstore has got mny exciting free apps and games which u wud love to try but not with this phone since many arent compatible due to its resolution and less memory! 4) Inititally i had a problem with dual sim, my second SIM slot wasnt working. I gave it to service center and they updated the software and since then i dont face that problem again. iwud recommend if u r using two sims do not activate/deactivate either of sims frequently. Either keep both sims on or just one sim on to avoid this problem. 5) The Headphones are good but its giving me problems now since the sound keeps fluctuating as the wire has been damaged due to rough use. 6) Speakers' sound quality aint that good. 7) So far it hasnt hanged yet...but it surely lags due to low memory :/ 8) Since the screen size is small, its difficult to read documents and also u dont get a good experience watching Live TV on ur phone! 9) And now the software 2.3 Gingerbread is slowly becoming outdated and soon gonna be extinct! And this is not upgradable to higher android versions. So i wud rather suggest u to go for Xperia Tipo Dual which is almost in the same price range with bttr features.
I am using this phone from last 7 months. it is best for me. mostly all features are there in less price. performance is also very nice, and best mobile phone. with good screen resolution, amazing touch screen,better battery performance,good quality camera etc.
A big problem with this set is very less internal memory.....after some time application download and updates starts failing for lack of internal space...and second cons is that back touch button just fail to response and you need to restart phone again and again to get rid of it......
Good android phone, my first experience of touch screen and it is fairly good. Pros: Dual sim, smooth functioning, android phone at low price(Nokia and samsung) Cons: Poor camera and handling issues with return key Buy if you are brand cautios and want to go for Nokia or Samsung
This is the worst phone I have ever used.Before going for samsung,I have always used Nokia till date and I wonder why did I go for this phone.The phone hangs every now and then,processor is just too slow.I really don't have patience to wait for the applications to open.Forget about heavy applications,the phone hangs every now and then even while opening the call log or using the keypad.Shall never think of buying a samsung phone again.
I have been using this mobile since two weeks and i am enjoying it full, its Gingerbread Android platform is nice. It has excellent features like 3G, Wi-Fi, 2.0 megapixel camera and also there is advantage of dual sim with dual standby. An additional advantage of this Phone is its price. It has lowest price comparing to other sites. I will recommend this phone to everyone who is reading this review. Overall it is an Excellent Phone. Thanks to FLIPKART. :)
I have bought this handset few months ago Flipkart.com. Received handset without any damages... About Handset: Sometimes it hangs and have to switch off and then on it. (My card memory has used it's half capacity.) Rest is the Best.
Delivery is on commitment.. Packing of device was good. and device is also good. Processor is some what slow. when we try multiple application at a single time that time, operation become slow. and sometime in keypad part, it crash down.
guys, if u r an android user or not....it dosen't matter at all so.....if u r a new guy who has entered in the new erea then....i strongly reccomend u that ....NOT 2 BUY THIS PHONE...........if u r ...a guy who saves money...then guys buy galaxy y lite.... that a good phone same as the feature as this phone...but the difference lie in the camera quality and that screen as this is costly than galaxy y lite this ...u r getting a bigger screan size as compare 2 galaxy lite.......and also a good camera quality.... but if u have that much money to bye this better ..... I WOULD STUUGEST U TO BYE HTC...WILD FIRE OR GALAXY CHAT.....THAT A GREAT NEW PHONE BUT IF UR BUGGET IS 10000 THEN I WILL REFFER U TO BUY SONY TIPO...
I purchased the phone from flipkart.com aboput 2 months back. Two problems that I frequently face with this product - 1. Often loses network even in the middle of the cities. 2. Slow processing, it takes ~5 seconds to load the address book.
I have been searching for such a product which can fit in the range of 8k. Samsung galaxy Y duos best suited me. Its best phone with all required features like 1) Android platform with Dual Sim 2) 832 Mhz processor & 290 MB RAM (which is enough to do multitasking) 3)3.15 MP, 2048x1536 pixels 4)Almost 3 inch TFT screen with good TouchWiz 5) WiFi 6) More importantly its very handy phone. 7) plays almost every Audio-Video format What do you expect more in 8 k price range? Up till now I find Galaxy Y the good phone for basic users. Never reported any bug or problem.
1. as RAM (apps installation memory) is very low 2. Not Dual Active 3. Price not Comfortable i.e pric difference bet^n douse lite is 1700 , but upgratation in this is only screen by 0.3 inch and 1mp cam if u wnna go either tipo duos or Y lite if possible bugdet Then ace. i recomand Tipo.
This is a good phone to use and best in this price. Very much satisfied with Flipkart. Received the shipment with in three days. Little disappointed with the headset as i was expected the similar strong black headset which matches the phone ( i purchased strong block set) the pack has a pure white headset. Everything else is fine.
The main positive is that it is Dual Active. But still no secondary camera & flash . But than also at that price it gives u satisfactory experience Because its dual sim as well as an ANdroid processor. Overall an Perfect Phone at that price which gave u all Android xperience.
Very nice phone.. Dual SIM, Android, 3G, pretty much everything you would want in a basic smartphone. Value for money. Some battery issues though. Had to get battery replaced within 2months of its purchase. But other than that, everything else is fine..
good look and very easy to use. All features are very good and its picture quality is very good and also internet speed is so fast on both 2G and 3G network. In sort its like a computer in our hand. Samsung brand is very good in all king of latest electronics items with laptop and also in television. In samsung lots of choice to purchase product in different colors and different specifications also available in reasonable price in all over india and also abroad.
..I have bought dis phone and best touch phone I have bought. good camera Dual sim GPS Wifi free 2gb memory card .. I bought d phone 4 gift purpose & received d product in a day or so... Appreciate Fastest delivery by flipkart ....
Good dual sim phone with all browsing/chatting features. Only thing that I found annoying about this phone is it's Internal memory (some 270mbs) which is way too low for installing applications. Since most of the applications gets installed into the phone memory and there is no way to move them to the SD card, so it's a big drawback for ones who are frequent users of applications.
I got this phone to get an experience on Android. Damn good phone and resolution for the price you pay. Only minus point is the internal memory which is 160MB which can make your phone lag a bit. But if you're only using small sized apps and more of a communicator and basic gamer then THIS is the phone for you. Best for people who would like to experience android at a low budget and then move on to higher end androids & tablets with quad core processors and high definition resolution.
1.Delivery 5* 2.Packaging 5* 3.Manuals Provided 3*( you tube video help better) 4. Camera 3* 5. Battery life 5* 6. Good user interface 5* (takes time for first timer) 7. Samsung Box mentions Airtel Free 500mb per month for 3 month usage data plan. No information available yet as am Vodafone user. 8. Overall value for money phone.
I recommend to go with single sim instead of dual. If you so wana buy dual then go with dual active(sim) mobile. Less Pros more Cons Cons: (1) Always shows no network while roaming & @ the places like car parking.(cellar-underground) (2) No major diff compare to other dual sim ph. (3) No dual active: If we're busy on one call then if other person calling to our other no. then he hear's as "person is unavailable" instead it won't say "person is busy on other call". (4) No song search option in music player instead we have to dowload real player app. (5) No security password can be set to our personal folders in My files. (6) FM radio signal is not so good at all areas. (7) No FM channel change option via headset mic button like Nokia brand mobiles (8) Task manager shows "0 appl running" but still some appl runs at backend-->unnecessary usage of processor. (9) No seperate button to disconnect the call immidiately or unable to disconnect dialed calls immediately (10) Slow downs performance if we download 4-5(100mb) apps. (11)very basic func in calculator. (12)that's why day by day price decreasing, I bought this @ 8990 in aug2012 & now it's 7990. (13) camera: No flash, pic clarity 3mp=2mp no difference (14) No front camera too. Pros: (1) Pic clarity is OK in day light. (2) Sound recording is ok.
Definitely nicely packaged considering the cost. Pros: 1. Decent size sensitive screen 2. Good finish 3. Android 2.3 runs flawlessly. The samsung customization and the applet drawer at top of the screen enhances user experience. 4. Can download any number of apps fro Google play and Samung ap store - most of them seem to be installing to the memory card by default - this overcomes the less intrinsic memory.I am using 8GB card instead of provided 2GB card. 5. Good battery backup for moderate user - if you use mobile 2-3 hrs a day continuosly, battey should last for 2-3 days easily. Cons: 1. Android 2.3 instead of 4.0/4.1 2. Less screen resolution - though unless you are obsessed with it, doesnt matter.Otherwise bright , decent size screen. 3. Less intrinsic memory - have to you use larger card (4-8GB or even 16GB) 4. Dual sim standby (not active) - though samsung is using 'smart sim' to partially overcome this problem 5. Camera is 3.2 MP without flash Overall, a good buy for the money!
Poor In Call Sound Quality. I heardly can hear the other person when I get a call even with Full sound. I have to put it on speaker most of the time to hear the other person. Many times it does not detect the network. Once this problem happens you have to manually select your home network repeatedly for quite some time to get back to network. Normal restart won't work.
1. Need flash,need more internal memory and RAM. 2.No front camera 3.Only 100 mAh more battery power..... but also 2 SIM. 4.No graphic card, d'snt support good games like dead trigger, front line commando etc.. otherwise a good phone to have one. This is my first android phone and i am happy to have it.
nice phone with a good touch and all the android facilities,nice touch,good camera and dual sim is useful too,only a problem is you can't upload too many app as all apps consumes a place in phone memory too which is 190mb only and after 6-7 apps it starts hanging..othervise overall a nice phone in range.
I found if i use internet,the battery is getting down very quickly..so we cannot use internet for more time..also as dual sim is used itis again leading to more power consumption so not good. But if u wanna connect to laptopby USB then it is excellent than data card.
GUYS DONT BUY THIS PH. ITS TOTALY WASTE. IT HAVE SLOW PROCESSER AND LOT OF SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE PROBLEMS CAME ONE BY ONE. LOW INTERNAL MEMORY, PLZ DONT WASET UR MONEY FOR BUYING THIS MOBILE.TALKING TOM ALSO NOT WORKING PROPERLY THIS PH. VOICE PROCESSER ALSO VERY SLOW. WI5 LY GOOD. SIM CARD INTERNET IS ALSO NOT EFFECTABLE. 3G SPEED IS GOOD.
I bought this phone from flipkart. At first, I thank to flipkart for their great delivery into just 4 days. Now about the phone, this is a good phone for Android begineer. Good: 1> 3.14 inch display, good for begineer 2> 832 MHz processor (Does not hang till now) 3> GPRS works well 4> Touch is good 5> Sound quality on headphone is good 5> Looking stylish and fit on hand Bad: 1> 'Menu' & 'Back' (touch button) button do not work many times, after pressing 2-3 times it works 2> Screen resolution is bad (only 320*240), display quality is average 3> Camera is average, not like that Samsung 3MP 4> Loud speaker is not so loud, can't hear ringtone at outdoor, switch on vibration mode 5> Three manual buttons without backlight, you may face problem while using at night 6> Battery is average (Although this is a major problem of many Android phone) Atlast, I'll recommend this phone for those who want to use dual sim Android phone under 10K. I have HTC Explorer and comparing with that phone , I give this phone 6/10. Thank you,
Pros:- Faster Response on touch Battery Backup is good(Sufficient):- For 2g 10 hrs and if you use it on stand by and only for calling then 53 hours (2 days 9 hrs) Faster Processor:- able to play games like angry bird,Raging Thunder 2,Pool Master Pro without hanging..i play these games lots of time on this phone.. Support many video formats:- MP4, WMV, H.264, i also download mx player from play store which supports almost all video formats,i can also play tv on mobile using nextG TV app,better movie experience on mobile Other Features Mobile Tracker,A-GPS,WIFI,BLUETOOTH(3.0 really faster data transfer) Sensors like-Proximity sensor,Digital Compass,Accelerometer 3.5 mm audio jack cons:- Camera Quality is not very good...2 mp camera of my old corby txt phone is better than 3mp camera of this phone...if you click photo of any text document using this phone...text written on document will not appear clearly when you see photo on laptop or pc Screen Resolution is not very good. Internal Memory is only 170 mb and you can use upto 152 mb for storing apps after that it phone will show msg insufficient memory to install this app....you can store app on sd but still it will store most of its data on internal memory.also some of internal memory is already full with preinstall apps which you cant uninstall from phone
I have Bought this mobile from Flip kart (got it in 2 days after placing order) The over all rating of this mobile is 5 out of 5. The only drawback of this phone is when we open the call log it will revert back to the home screen automatically, when ever this problem happen it will keeps continuing for 4 to 5 times, which irritates us very much. Other wise its a very good mobile at this cost.
This phone is stylish and it is equipped with all the latest features but it has very low speaker volumn..I bought is as gift for my younger sis...thinking that a branded stuff won't have a bad quality...but it's worst...u won't be able to speak from the other end because of its low volumn..
Everything is good in this phone. But I felt that it would be better if it had more internal memory (>160MB) and a front cam. Other than those things, remaining are fantastic. So its a good phone for android new users.
This good looking phone has big time charging problem, I bought it 3 months ago and now I can't charge it using charger or USB cable, I don't appreciate wasting time at service centers in the initial months of Purchase. !!!!!!! Don't go for it !!!!!!
I bought my Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 last week. A worth buying mobile. Almost all costly android mobiles' features available here. Let me spend some more time with my new friend, so i can post more reviews here. Loving it!!
LOOKS STYLISH.THE DUAL SIM IS NOT GOOD.IT WORKS WELL WITH WAVE M.I THINK WHEN CONSIDERING DUAL SIM MOBILES GALAXY IS NOT AT ALL A GOOD BUY.TRY GALAXY ACE OR OTHER NOKIA PHONES.A BLUETOOTH HEADSET IS INCLUDED TO DECEIVE THE POOR CUSTOMERS.
Dual SIM is useless.. as it says "out of coverage" or busy even when you're using data on the other sim. So poor response .. You'll attempt bang it on your head sometime..! Didn't find anything useful like DUAL-SIM or 832MHz-Processor
Bought this one a month back from Croma retail at the same price offered on flipkart. It sports good looks but coming to the basics,not very convincing. Pros: Good Looks,Large screen,Dual SIMs ,several features bundled together like GPS,Locations,My maps etc.,Price is Ok. Cons: Poor on stereo sound.Ringtone sound is very low...works good only with headphones. Camera quality is not so good. No option to create different sound profiles.Only option of silent,flight and vibrate...So you need to switch several times in a day. Call log is not categorized. SMS is all under single thread..no option to save drafts too.
Best Service EVER | Site Performance is extra ordinary! I got this phone within the Estimated time of 8 working days. And the Quality is unpredictably best! Also will like to buy from now on only at flipkart. It allows me to trust the Service and is fast enough. One Suggestion: Please allow the User to select a Future Date. Supposedly on the User`s Birthday! Or any other Option the User might like to select. It will be great for one to Gift someone at the time of some good occassion
Really its a good phone, that have all feature in such low cost. its my first android phone, and i'm happy with this set. According to me, it have all thing except to one (Lack of flash),so that night picture would not come clear. But if you take picture, its camera is Awesome, its clearity like 5MP.
After a long survey for getting my first android phone,I decided to go for it. Awseme and once again good delivery by flipkart with 8 GB MMC and Samsung HM1100 bluetooth headset absolutely free!! If my friends do asked me,I wud Say Go for it. This is really great with all of that Android smart functions.
very very good phone i buy this 5 monts ago processor is good speed is good every thing is awesome i love this phone look is awesome and last touch is very fast as compare to other models as compare to ace its price is too low
Good fast OS as long as you don't load many apps. Tends to slow down a lot after loading apps. All other features such as the camera,sound, touch-screen are very good. Skipping between sims is also pretty swift and easy. A bargain at this price.
hi.... phone was very good. performance is nice. i like this phone very much because at a reasonable price, I am getting dual sim with android OS. Only back log is the sms voice is less compared to the other samsung galaxy phones.
I bought this phone 3 months ago. It is really Good phone. working superb. But it has to Cons- 1. battery backup is low. but every android phn is facing this. 2. 3mp camera is very bad. its very poor from Nokia's vga camera. Ibut, I m tellng u guys, buy this phn Bindass..
I bought this phone 3 months back,,,,its a gud phone,,,but not worth its price,,,,software is slow,,,,,responce is also slow,,,and also the sim changing procedure is also not gud,,,,every time,,,u need to drop the menu from top and chage it,,,overall its an ok Phone.......
Better than Galaxy Y. Overall performance good. PDF document reading fine. Voice clarity very good. Powerful Headphones. Very nice look. Good video clarity. Browsing... Installing more apps will slow down the speed... Back button sensitivity moderate. Battery backup good. Worth product from samsung
My frnd got me this mobile from Flipkart.. Mobile is good acc to my opinion pro- Dual Sim Good price Android Average camera 3MP. Nt much quality as U get in nokia 3mp Sound system processor stylish dual standby Cons- Batery back up sucks No front camera Switchin to sim while msging is nt gud as u get in Maxx. for my usage in 5days i got dis review.. U'll get same features Idea dual sim mobile @ less dan 2.5k than dis mobile. But ull get that mobile only in Flipkart Go for it.. ma frnd got it. Its awesome n read his review der. Bt it taks tym fa customer to trust on new brand mobile Samsung Y duos is good overall fa Average mobile user. Acc to my usage its good mobile.. Go for it. U'll get samsung trust n Good Flipkart service.. :D
The flipkart delivery was prompt as usual. Now, the phone is good for a basic android experience. I think it is the best phone in it's class but has an average screen with basic graphics. A good buy for 9k nonetheless.
The battery backup is so so poor..needs to charge 2-3 time in a day. . .the worst phone i ever had...its not for those who hav busy scheduled life...its for those who hav free time to charging it... X-(
I have only 1 word to say.............. Mindblowing ...........Leave it to the Koreans to mix Android with Dual Sim.....They can really gel it up Pros: 1 Vibrant Colour Display ( Not as the ones on Galaxy SII or SIII) but good 2 Battery Backup of 2 days with moderate usage of 3G Cons : Cudn't Find any flawss till now ........Beeen 5 days of use
I did not buy this phone from Flipkart, but I wanted to review it. The touch facilities are fine, but the battery life is very low. Disappointingly so. It barely lasts 2 and a 1/2 days, and I hardly use it, so it is mostly on standby. This is the biggest bummer about it. I was happiest with my Samsung Corby...
Though I did not purchase this phone from flipkart but I thank Flipkart for helping me immensely choosing this phone. I find this phone to be decent dual sim touch screen android phone. Though my piece does not have the dual sim active option but the more recent version of the model has dual sim active option. My friend purchased it about a month later than me and his handset has the dual sim active option. I will try to summarize the Pros and Cons of this phone below. Pros: 1. The cheapest android dual sim phone from a reputed company that is available in the market. 2. 3.1 inch touch screen is great. 3. Sound quality is good 4. Video quality is good, supports MP4 videos up to 360p 5. 3.5 mm headphone jack – you can use any headphone. 6. Video recording is good. 7. Dual standby but conditional call forwarding from one number to other can be done. 8. GPS is awesome, give exact to the point location. 9. Wi-FI is awesome. Cons: 1. No flash with camera. 2. Picture quality not so good with 3 mp standard. 3. Below average battery backup (with internet browsing battery is drained very fast). 4. Call log is not categorized. 5. Does not support all android market applications.
At this price range and features i don't think there's any better model present in the market...... pros android 2.3.6 dual sim powerfull processor good design descent battery life cons low resolution 240*320 no front camera for video calling low internal memory
it's a good phone for people who want many features like wifi,gps,dual sim............. and its not too cost pros 1)processor-832 mhz qualcomm processor 2)good battery-1300mah 3)camera-3mp cons- 1)no secondary camera so no video calling 2) no led flash
If u r looking to buy a dual sim mobile is ought to be ur pick at the given price! Pros: -Hybrid dual sim -Android 2.3 is awesome -Touchwiz is great..very user friendly! -832 mhz is good enough to have a lag free experience! -Touch sensitive..more than what i expected at the price! -Superb browsingg experience.. -Good camera quality..but not the best.. we can do a lot of editing after downloading apps from the market which really improves the video quality.. -Swype keyboard is a whole experience! Cons: -The picture resolution could have been a touch better maybe..but no complains @ the given price with the amount of features provided! -Battery backup not the best..but lasts a day on very heavy usage(web usage,games,music,calls n heavy messaging) -Doesn't support Flash Player(although phones below the range of 15k generally don't support Flash Player) A highly recommended phone at the given price..hybrid dual sim & android gingerbread gives a whole new experience!
This is a good phone. According to price it is ok. But it could have been better if it has a secondary camera. It is fast. It is reliable. But while taking call with one sim another sim doesn't remain active for the data service. Similarly if you are using one sim for data service, at that time you can't receive calls from another sim (not reachable to the caller) It doesn't have dedicated music keys, which should present in all smart phones. Otherwise it is a good phone to hang out with.
This is a very good phone. I bought this mobile through filpkart. Excellent service provided by filpkart. About phone, user friendly lay out. Through net, you can download free downloads through play store. But, internal memory may be increased.
it's called features 1.dual sim-useless not active 2.camera-very bad result 3.screen-not enough big 4.as per price samsung galxy y is better than samsung galaxy y duos 5.very bad look 6.not good clearity of pictures
The Phone can certainly be called good in precise.... It has very few demerits as being a phone at dis price... And the gaming experience along with internet connectivity is no doubt good.. The best being its touch sensitivity...its awesome... The 2 important disadvantages are poor video display and absence of a flash which i suppose is provided by most of the phones around RS. 10000...
the phone was not delivered on expected time of delivery.next the phone is not satisfactory.touch screen is not that senstive.one has to swipe 2-3 times.next there is no secondry camera.so no fun of 3G,when there is no video calling at this price
At the beginning i had apprehensions about online shopping. Flipkart allayed that apprehension. I ve bought this 3 months before really its working very good. Camera is working very nice. Bcz of my time constraint after 3 mon now only i m writing the review. No problem mobile works very nice.I recommend fully for my family , friends and for u too..
Good phone with few cons This version is more or less similar to that of its predecessor(Galaxy Y). It has increased its RAM for better performance but uses the same 832 Mhz processor. But, remember that it has to handle two sims on standby, so I won't expect much higher performance. Pros: 1. 3.14 inch screen. 2. 3.15Mp Camera. Cons: 1. No camera flash. 2. Dual standby sim, not dual active.
The Samsung galaxy duos is the same phone like Samsung galaxy y.It's a good phone with dual sim card.And the peculiar thing is that it has 3 mega pixel camera, in my opinion the phone is a better phone.....
I have brought this phone in last week. It is really awesome phone with 3g,wifi,gps and all other things for beginner in android OS.camera is good but not having flash and it is also having dual Sim with one active Sim.over all it is good phone. I would suggest to buy it.
Really nice phone in this price. i haven't bought it from Filpkart Pro: 1.processor 835ghz really good fast. i supporting all the famous android games 2.Sound Quality and Network capacity is good 3.wifi and connectivity is too good 4 3.14 Inches touch screen very cool, i love it cons 1.you cannot see the live streams match browser not supporting 2.Samsung updates takes internal memories(better avoid atomatic updates) 3. camera clarity ok.
It's good for cost.Good Music & Fast Wifi Internet Browsing. Able to watch live matches through fast wifi. Good to Buy for 8990 INR. Cons --Camera quality is not much as expected. --As it is too sensitive. Call get disconnected by unknowingly clicking of End Button during on call(Mistake by Samsung made). Thanks T.Vinoth
its a good phone , i like it and using this without any problem so far for browsing , calls but the memory is some what less for the apps we going to install also the space is less. Delivery is fast and with good packing by flipkart :)
Buying any products through Flipkart is hassle free experience leading with very good customer care attitude & timely response. Friends i have purchased this mobile 1 week before & i can suggest that this mobile phone is the best option for individual who wants to handle dual sim with android features.Mobile looks is very attractive better than Galaxy Y,Bigger display screen than galaxy Y, camera is 3.2 mega pixel capture snaps provided clicked at day light as no flash is provided, dual sim switch over is very user friendly, touch experience is just fabo.The only problem what i have experienced is its Micro SD card free with this mobile set is not up to the mark ,as soon as u insert SD card it displays frequently "SD card ejected unexpectedly" may be it occurs with my phone only, so i replaced this SD card with new SAN disk SD card & it is working perfectly. Talk about the matter with Flipkart@cs they assured me replacement of SD card within 3 & 4 business days.I finally sum-mate my words as "U never regret after buying this mobile phone".
Samsung galaxy y duos is agr8 fone with all gr8 features in a gud price. The touch is very good with lots of apps available from the market. The only problem is the battery backup but one can cope up with that bcoz its just a phone, not a computer. I thnx Flipkart for its gud service!! I m loving my fone!!
i bought this phone from flipkart. they delivered the product on time. using an airtel and reliance connection at the same time. works perfect, though sometimes both of my number go dead. this ain't that much of a problem for me. all in all a nice phone which does not hang up or slow down.
I had order this in Flipkart and got it delivered in 2 days time. The changes are noticeable when compared to Galaxy Y such as 3.15 MP camera, Wider screen, Better battery. In the flip side the mobile dont have a call recorder, FM recording, Flash,etc. I had noticed few issues such as SD card getting ejected for no reason which might be one of the case in my mobile. Overall the mobile is worth the money.
Nothing much to say about the phone it is just great,being using it from 15th march. 1)great dual sim phone with android 2)great music ear phones 3)great touch screen Cons 1)Cant handle many application 2)Battery back is not that great
guys dual sim phone with android 2.3.6 ver .....buy this phone..good picture quality owsum sound but buy takfusion handset its avilable on flikart...samsung phone great throwing sound with this heandset if want the enojyable music .. its performs bettry life its great ...and 3.1 inch screen with 832mhz processr go for it.....
I brought this Samsung Galaxy Y Duos couple of days before and I am extremely happy with that mobile features, the performance and also the DUAL SIM is simply amazing with Android 2.3 OS. Good work from Samsung and this is my third mobile from same vendor. Stylish Ergonomic Design - Super Rich Smartphone Experience - Wonderful Touch Screen - Extra ordinary Excellent Value for Money!!!!
Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S1620, the phone that I was eagerly waiting for long time. I'm using that Phone from 15th of March & it has given me the full satisfaction that I was expecting. It the best Android phone in entry level with 2 sim it has almost answered all my needs with a phone. Only Battery Backup is little poor but when you r at home u can manage it comfortably. Otherwise It is the best phone for me. if you r looking for this phone, my suggestion will b that u can go with this phone. Nice Phone
very good mobile phone for the dual sim customers and it is a andriod phone also comes with latest 2.3 version which is awsum and good processor to use with... go for it..... this phone is the king of its class under 10,000 price range
"SD card removed unexpectedly errore" found since last 4 to 5 days. Yesterday I format my memory card and also Restore factory seting in mobile. But the problem remain same. I search about this problem and found that it's a common problem of Samsung Galaxy y. No one have solution of it, Samsung also know that. Hope Samsung will resolve this problem in future. Otherwise its nice mobile
Hey guys i am waiting from a couple of month and finally samsung Galaxy Y with dual sim hits the market very right time so guys i am buy this phone from local store and its work as per my expectaions the plus point of this phone is having upgraded camera battery life but why the secondary camera missed by samsung i dont know but its is quite fit according to my uses so thanks Flipkart & samsung.
