MOBDRDXFFZKH9YRY
I bought this phone in December and it's a 5 months old phone. And it fell from my hand while i was walking and the screen cracked.It's a 1cm long crack and the touch stopped working after that.I went to the service centre and they said that screen and touch does not come under warranty and they made a bill of 7500/- Before this incident this phone started to freeze a lot in just within 3 months and i had to wait till the battery percentage goes back to 0%. So please think well before buying this phone....for that matter please think well before buying Karbonn phones as they are not at all sturdy and the service centre always makes a bill of 5000/- to 8000/- and the back covers are also not easily available. Paying 15000/- bucks and getting phone that stops working in less than 12 months is not at all worth buying!! Please make a sensible decision!
i will suggest u all n ot to b uy karbonn mobiles as this is a worst company. Their sales n services r not good as of other. Im suffering from this mobiles i have given my mobile to service centre on 10/04/2014 and yet i have not recived back. Plz stop buying KARBONN MOBILES.....
I bought this phone for my spouse. But highly disappointed to see that basic feature is itself not working. If we make calls or receive calls, the screen goes blank and cant do anything. With great disappointed i returned the phone the next day and now looking for a better phone.
I bought this device last april and had it for 4 months. By then the battery had expanded and the screen had cracked. Een then the company refused to service it and wrote out a bill of 10k. I had bought this device from amazon for 9k then!!! What irony. Anyways, the only thing good about this phone was the FHD screen and the 16 gb internal rom. the device was built poorly, has outdated software and poor battery backup. Anyways don't expect more than a couple months' usage before the device breaks down. And to say that the service is terrible is an understatement. so guys, stay away from this device and stay away from karbonn!!!!!!!!!!
Not at all a sturdy phone.....do not go for karbonn......their service is really really poor....gets hanged frequently....screen does not have warranty and they demand for 7000rs....
I bought this phone from another e-commerce website. All was well for 3 days. On the fourth day, the phone just hanged with the screen still on and wouldn't respond to anything(not even lock unlock buttons or long press of lock button to shut it down). Since it has a non removable battery, i had to wait the whole night for it to be discharged. Only in the morning could I charge the phone again and turn it back on. Still for those daring enough to buy this phone, i have some pros and cons Pros - Great screen, good battery life & Light weight. Cons - Lag in everything, even bringing down the notifications bar. It says it has a quad core processor, but feels nowhere near it. Biggest problem as I saw was what happened with me, if the phone hangs and does not respond to anything, you have to wait for it to be discharged.
;i hav bought it frm flipkart n i was like my mouth opened..its just awesome,,,its a great phone to handle...one draw back battery back up is very bad...:(
no proper service after sales, touch pad is very bad and hand set heating problem overall karbon should more focus on hardware part and after sales service
Superb Phone, no Superb Smartphone >>>>I can't Search Better Phone From this Price Rs 10,000 ........Only One Problem Company Need to Increase The Battery Backup 2300 mAH is Not Enough.....it should be 3000 mAH Or More 3000mAH is Good...Otherwise phone Is best of the best,,,,,
The phone is good. Display everything. It is worth for the cost provided. Little bit heating issues. other than that everything is OK
Hi, Karbonn Titanium X is one of the best mobile which ongoing in the market.Its features are admissable and the options are very easy to operate.The camera clarity is like a real view,especially front camera.The applications are fast to operate.Once if we touches the apps at next second it s opening.Many in-built browsers are there which facilitates the user to view their views in desired format.Hearing capacity is one of the extra ordinary feature when we are on the receiving side.Overall its an excellent mobile i have ever seen...
Please i suggest you don't buy this phone , if you get this phone , you will face many problems with it in just 2 days after buying .... service also is not good ... 1.5 GHZ quad core processor but it works like 800 Ghz ... this phone just sucks .. if u want a good phone having these features you may go for MOTO E ( or ) ASUS ZENFONE 4 it's really awesome
I am Gundareddy , purchased KARBONN TITANIUM X hand set from flipkart and received the order today , kindly find the below add of your flipkaret and guide me so n so that i can replace the mobile. I have sent a order of duel sim KARBONN TITANIUM X but received the order of single sim hand set. i want to return itcall me to clarify this asap. Thanks & Regards Gundareddy 9620121410 9620441410. Go through the detailed add of duel sim which i want and ordered. KEY FEATURES OF KARBONN TITANIUM X (WHITE) Full HD Recording 5-inch Capacitive Touchscreen Wi-Fi Enabled 13 MP Primary Camera 1.5 GHz Quad Core Processor 5 MP Secondary Camera Android v4.2 (Jelly Bean) OS Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB through OTG Only SPECIFICATIONS OF KARBONN TITANIUM X (WHITE) GENERAL FEATURES Brand Karbonn Business Features Document Viewer, Outlook Email Handset Color White Form Bar SIM Size Micro SIM Call Features Loudspeaker Touch Screen Yes, Capacitive SIM Type Dual Sim, GSM Model ID Titanium X CAMERA Video Recording Yes, 1920 x 1080 Secondary Camera Yes, 5 Megapixel Other Camera Features Auto Focus, Dual Flash Support, Face Detection, Smile Detection, Zero Shutter Delay, Panorama Shots, Special Video Trim Feature HD Recording HD, Full HD Primary Camera Yes, 13 Megapixel MULTIMEDIA Video Player Yes, Full HD Music Player Yes, Supports MP3 INTERNET & CONNECTIVITY WAP Yes Audio Jack 3.5 mm Preinstalled Browser Android, UC Browser, Opera Mini, Maxthon Browser, WAP Bluetooth Yes, Supported Profiles (A2DP) Navigation Technology with Google Maps Internet Features Email Wifi Yes, 802.11 b/g/n Tethering Wi-fi Hotspot 3G Yes, 21 Mbps HSDPA OTHER FEATURES Sensors Magnetic Sensor, Gyro Sensor, Proximity Sensor, Ambient Light Sensor, Accelerometer Phone Book Memory Yes Call Memory Yes SMS Memory Yes Important Apps Gmail, Google Search and Voice Search, Google Talk, True Caller, MyDala, UAhoy, Karbonn Live, Karbonn Zone, WhatsApp, Bubble Bash 3, Fruit Devil and Death Racing, Google Play Store Additional Features NFC Support, OTG Cable Support, Multi-tasking, Intelligent Answer Mode, Direct Call, Flip To Mute, Shake to Answer, Smart Call Features DISPLAY Resolution Full HD, 1920 x 1080 Pixels Other Display Features IPS Display, One Glass Screen (OGS), Pinch Zoom, Multi-touch Size 5 Inches WARRANTY Warranty Summary 1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and 6 months warranty for in the box accessories BATTERY Type 2300 mAh MEMORY AND STORAGE Expandable Memory microSD, upto 32 (Through OTG Only) GB Memory 1 GB RAM Internal 16 GB PLATFORM Operating Freq GSM - 900, 1800; UMTS - 2100 OS Android v4.2 (Jelly Bean) Processor 1.5 GHz, Quad Core
i Purchased Karbonn Tatanium X 1 Months 10 Days Touch Probelm, Software Problem, Not Insert Memory Card, Very Stupid Karbonn Company My Rating 0 %
If u r looking for a dual sim mobile skip it bcoz its single sim mobile. In flipkart only its updated as dual sim mobile see other websites specifications for your kind information. Cant remove the battery. Features are excellent, advanced camera technology, everything is ok but battery back up is average and its single sim mobile. If u r only looking for good features with low cost go for it.
well before talking about this fone, i should talk about flipkart as i ordered this phone and opted a normal delivery of 5days for no extra cost but i was damned to get the product on the 2nd day of my order well i can rate that for more them 5 coz of perfect packaging and handling and unbelievably fast delivery. Now talking about the handset, as i checked out the price on which its being sold its AWESOME just 9999/- that is way too cheap. but dont feel if the product is also cheap coz buy looks its damn premium if 1 can hide that karbonn name then no 1 can make it out its a low budget fone. 1) now coming to display its full HD with 441 (pixel density) just like high end galaxy s4. clarity is well maintained. 2) the phone is packed with 16gb internal 1gb ram of which 952mb ram is user available. 3) Packed with Mediatek MT6589T (T for turbo) processor with powervr SGX544mp2 gpu processor is faster them snapdragon s4 pro and the gpu comes 12th place for best gpu's faster them many others adreno 305, mali 400mp2 and etc. 4) Yes now comes to camera its rear 13mp camera is quite good in day time but night pictures are quite grainy but u can manage it as for something under 10000 with so much power to get ;) the front 5mp camera is well good which too comes with LED flash yeah u heard it right with flash which makes it quite stunning for selfies. 5) battery backup is good for an average use it lasts a day or till midnight after whatsapp chats included, but if u stick with phone whole time then it would take 2 charges a day. 6) for external sound its good, stock headphones are not too good for music lovers and the worst part it doesn't support high quality headphones which comes with sony xperia or samsung's :/ god knows which 1 it would support. 7) gaming is quite good. 8) Yes here comes my problem as the android version which comes with it i feel its having some problem with phone.apk application as it works when we reset the phone for about some time then after installing ur favorite apps or 2 its stops working and that is causing for that i cannot check my balance and after i end a call the network resets im thinking of calling the authority for the problem now as its only been 3 days for me that i bought it else its all good i guess just a re updating of the firmware would solve the problem. else the phone works awesome would just be looking forward for snap on covers and flip covers for the phone plzz flipkart guys do make them available asap there are many out there who needs them urgently...
Karbonn Titanium X is nice phone camera clarity, video & pics are too good & Speed is alo good etc only voice clarity not good
Pros for probuct 1. Very good screen and resolution in this price in Market. 2. Gaming and internet speed awesome. 3. Battery life it's ok 3 points out of 5. Cons. for product 1.It's first showing this item double sim card but it received single seem what is this joke ??????????????? 2. Flip cover and screen guard is not available in market so what can I do ???????? Finally you can buy this product with single seem and screen is awesome in this price think and then buy I give this product 4 out of 5.
Best value for money. However, there is one drawback. The full HD resolution screen shows lag and the GPU + RAM does not seem to be sufficient to drive the rendering and the display lags when compared with a mobile having resolution of 1280 X 720 in 5 inch screen size. This is a obvious thing, however the buyer should understand this. But, I must say Karbonn has done a commendable job presenting this piece at such a low price point; keep it up.
The best smart phone in limited budget. everything is nice in it except it should have dual sim support. The camera quality is not that good during night.
i got my fone today ...more than i expected ...gr8 fone....had the hangin issue and i got a soLn to it ... just press volume increase button and power button ur cell restarts and u dont ve to wait all day ;)
Let your personality shine through, but it's equally important to provide facts to back up your opinion.
i buy this phone from flipkart. it's superb phone,no lags,display is awesome and camera is very good ,i thing it is best phone in 13k
