MOBDGCBGATKPY8MH
There isn't anything wrong with the Rex Series as such but i'm kinda disappointed. Samsung released this series as competition for Nokia's Asha. But how is the Rex better than Asha ? Asha is close to a smartphone, it has an app store (which isn't as good as the playstore obviously) It supports important applications like Whatsapp. Nokia has also installed maps. I don't think the Rex comes even close to a smartphone. It runs on JAVA and not android, so i doubt it has anything worth using. No doubt it is a very good feature phone, but for the price, I suggest go for Nokia's Asha (It's visually appealing, decent camera and music player plus it's close to a smartphone, the User Interface is pretty neat) or spend a few hundred rupees more and go for the Samsung Galaxy Y S5360. It's the phone I'm currently using (since more than a year) I bought it for 6.9k in Nov 2011, it now costs 5.7k on flipkart. It's worth every rupee if you want a budget smartphone. After a year and a half it's still running as smoothly as it was when i first bought it :)
Rex series is going to be flop for 100% sure... I would recommend Micromax Ninja A89 for the price of 5900.. Micromax Ninja A89 does have all the features like Andriod ICS4.0, 512 Ram, 2 Gb Internal Storage, 1.2 Dual Core Processor, HD Videos Playback Support... But this Rex series is highly disappointing one...Samsung is making the customers fool and thinks that the customers doesn't have brain... Also, this Rex series phone price are very high compare to other models... Nokia Asha is far better than Rex series in Non Andriod Platform.... Don't go for this Rex series mobile from Samsung... I would give just a rating of ZERO.
No Android, No 3G, 1000mah battery on a 3.5 inch dual SIM handset..!! n yet it comes wid a near 6K price tag !! If Samsung get a good market for this Rex series then their will be no dough that fools still exits wid cash burning a hole in their pocket !!
Expensive , in terms of value. better go for nokia asha series better to go 4 micromax its cheap n best. flop series by Samsung samsung has to bring down prices no 3 g unbeliveble .Samsung wiuthout Androind useless. expensive
No wifi, No 3G, No camera flash, No video calling and priced huge. Surely go for asha series. Samsung thinks that Indian youths are with out brains. They advertise REX series so hugely but we youth are smarter than samsung to know REX series are crap series.
How can we expect bar design phone without Auto rotation, that too a touch phone with 3.5inch display, huh?? Samsung Co. people behaving like they are the only market leaders...providing less functions and pricing heavily... No 3G, No Wi-fi, No god damn auto rotation (even when watching videos), No flash.. Purchasing this phone is simply WASTE OF MONEY... Go for other brands...
form the day i start using this product it shown there characteristics. hanging is the common feature. After exactly 16 days this product got completely finished. i have to take this on service center. please do not buy this.
Phone while working is excellent. The problem I face is the power failure. While using the unit the power goes off and every time I have to remove the battery, replace and restart and continue.
My Teacher Bought This Phone From a Local Store for Rs.6K.I Told Him To Read Reviews First and Look for a good Price and better Options Under Rs.5K.Instead He wasted another 1.5K and Got One of the Worst Phones Samsung Has Ever Created.He is Real Sad About That.I am His Student and I read a lot of Tech Stuff so i know a Bit. First of all,The REX Series is an EPIC FAIL from Samsung with Ridiculous Pricing. Samsung Has Created Quality Mobile Phones and are now Seriously Working on The Next-Gen REX Series. Goods of This Phone Good Design Good Battery Backup Has Wi-fi ,2G Good Display and Touch Large number of pre bundled apps Bads of This Phone THIS PHONE HANGS ALL THE TIME Display Brightness is Not Sufficient @ all It is Not Android.It is a Custom OS with TouchWiz UI Wi-fi is Never Good.It is Really Slow and Gets Disconnected All the Time No Screen Rotation. WTH ?? Any Phone must Have This A 312 MHz Single Core CPU.Very Very Slow and Lags No 3G connectivity Internet Will be slow as Hell No multitasking/background notifications so you cannot do 2 Tasks @ the same time Poor multimedia capabilities.Music is very Difficult to Manage Phone Speaker is a Piece of ****.You can Hear Nothing Don't Even Think of Watching a HD Video in it.The Phone will Die of Peak Load. GPU Too Sucks.Gaming is Impossible in This Phone Overall- Go for the Galaxy Star !!
IF U WANT ANDROID PHONE IN DIS PRICE JST GO SAMSUNG GALAXY STAR OR SAMSUNG GALXY Y OR SAMSUNG GALAXY YOUNG........................DIS SAMSUNG REX 90 IS VERY BAD PERFORMANCE ND ALSO NT INTERESTING.........JST IGNORE DIS PHONE.............GO FOR D ABOVE MOBILES WICH I HAV MENTIONED ON THE TOP...................PLZ FLIPKART I REQUEST U TO REMOVE DIS PHONE FROM UR LIST.........DIS IS A WASTE PHONE ND UR WEBSITES RATING MAY COM DOWN DUE TO DIS PHONES.............BT AVERGE PONE FOR D STARTERS..............!
My friend recently got this model for a few hundred bucks less from a local store. I was intrigued to see what this new Samsung series offers. In looks it easily is a premium product almost resembling a Galaxy except for a slight difference in the menu and back buttons which flank the hard button at the bottom of the screen. This is obvious since Galaxy's buttons are android and well Rex isn't even close to android. I didn't try much with the phone but from what I saw its a cheap copy of android. There are features like pinch to zoom and a customizable home screen. But the similarity ends there. It runs on Java and the performance is comparable to my old Micromax Qube. The Qube too was a copy of a smartphone but back then smartphones were far too costly so a lookalike was worth it.okay so there are many features in this which my Qube didn't have , like pinch to zoom. Yet Now with smart phones in the 3000 bracket, it just doesn't make sense. If at all you have to go for a non-android phone go for the Nokia Asha series. As for this, its basically for grannies with a serious Samsung fetish.
Seriously. This does not have a good platform or OS. Yeah, Android is not possible but at least Bada OS (Samsung's own OS). Even if they'd have made this series to replace Wave Series, it would have been much better.
Very very bad User interface.. and down with fake reviews.. please never buy this Hi, I bought this product for my dad after reading very good reviews on flipkart. But i absolutely regret this now. First of all the reviews for samsung star 3 dous on flipkart are not from real user users and are bogus and fake. I dont know why there are people pushing to sell the bad products by writing excellent reviews. Just googling or going to samsung website for this product would confirm that the user interface is really crappy. Okie let me get to review. First it does not have back button. Yes. That is true.There is no way you can go back in menu. Then you cannot view the number of the person in contact book unless you go in and then there is no back button. implying you will have to do it all over again if you get it wrong. While making call a strange window pops up and you cannot access anything else other than end call button.Okie , i guess there must be some really smart way to do it. But how on earth is user supposed to know that unless it says something on screen. Moreover how could none of the certified user notice this major mistake unless they have never used the phone.The touch response is slow , but that is expected on a budget phone. Altogether my suggestion is never buy this. Spent your hard earned money it on an android phone and you will be lot happier using it. Also please read reviews outside flipkart before you buy anything here. Thanks,
i am very disappointed after take these stupid phone.nokia asha is much better than sumsung i think sumsung introduce nice phone as other but it is so worst in these series
I am using this phone from last 2 week and their is number of features given by Samsung but could not mange ur cost, it will be too good if its come under 5k. other wise wast of money because this is not a smart phone or android phone.
My friend bought this mobile from outside store. I am Fortunate enough to say I dint read reviews or verified before buying. I could have been wrong if I saw these reviews and first and went on to suggest some other phone. One of review says no Wi-fi!!!! Oh god why dont you see the spec before writing review. I saw lot of critical reviews. Many things I want to clear before moving further are- Micromax'es, Karbonn's people have HD mobile's at incredibly lesser price than Samsung, Nokia, HTC, Sony etc... U will get Andoid device at 3500 bucks so please no comparisons with them please. Comparing against next best Nokia Asha 310, Positives: 3.5" Screen and it really matters Screen resolution is 320*480 pixels Camera is 3.2 Megapixels All the above features are 30-50% better than others the price category Light weight than Asha 310 Touch response is superb Cons: Price is little higher Asha 310 comes with Wi-fi hotspot which is useful to use net on laptop 3G could have satisfied the price segment I hope if people want Smartphone please go for Android 4.0 or WP8 & above and not Android 2.3.6 or WP7.5!!! which are almost way behind the present versions. This is good value phone at the price segment. The basic needs of phone facebook, chat, mail, music, FM are fair enough. I would rate 4 only because of cons listed above.
Firstly, thanks to FLIPKART for such a prompt delivery. I ordered this handset on 24th April and received it on 26th. Besides, the packaging was superb. Now regarding the phone: Pros.: 1. Very sleek design and sophisticated get-up just like other android phones from samsung like samsung galaxy series. 2. Though the caamera is 3.2 megapixel the pic quality is very good. 3. Touch sensitivity is excellent. 4. Superb battery backup. 5. Sound quality is also great. 6. has a great inbuilt dictionary which is very helpful. 7. I also liked the call recording and fm recording features. Cons: 1. no auto-rotation 2. no camera flash Though I was confused whether I should buy this phone or not seeing the other reviews, I took the courage to buy this phone at last and I don't regret at all!! Guys, just go for it....
Go for REX90 for the following reasons: 1. 3.5'' HVGA display (size matters for full touch phones, first iPhone got 3.5'') 2. WiFi with support of 802.11n 3. 3.2 Mp cam 4. More apps than samsung earlier offered 5. Touchwiz 3.5 (thumbs up for UI) If you are not app freaky and need a handy touch phone ( i mean which fits in ur palm!!!), then this is it...and obviously samsung is The Brand now..
One of the best phone from Samsung with this price tag. Just "go get it" Phone with dualsim (important now a days). Design and feel is in its premium class with very fast responsive touch screen among this range. 3.2MP camera is much better at this class. sound quality is impressive. In a simple word Samsung ReX90 from Flipcart is a must buy.
i have just buy this phone from a dealer , after using it i found no problem in this phone. 3G gives it 5 stars but there is no 3G . this handset is looks pretty nice in hand u just love it after purchasing. Camera is excellent but no flash i have used wi fi in my college on this phone it gives fast speed . Battery is average for heavy use like wi fi . for normal using it gives more than 2 days backup. Sound is excellent. I think if you have not interested in android phones then this is best option for you .
Cons: 1.Basic Java Phone 2.User Interface is not good with the apps which you install later. 3.Most of the apps wont work. 4.Very Low resolution and pixel density of phone. 5.Very low internal memory. 6.Like if you want to make any song of your external memory your ringtone, then it is just copied to phone's internal memory. 7.Instant Messenger,Facebook,Twitter are preinstalled apps which dont work and shows java error. 8.There is a communities app which is like instant messenger which include(Fcaebook chat,Flicker,Photobuket,Picasa) none of them work. I mean it always shows wrong password/username even if it is right. 9.No 3g/Wifi 10.Too slow bluetooth. Pros: 1.Dual Sim 2.Loud Sound Quality 3.Touchscreen.
I am satisfied with delivery and quality of product. However I was frustrated when i come to know that this samsung phone REX 90 could not load Whatapp Application. Apart from this product is good for rough use.
itz amazing to use....fentastic product by SAMSUNG .....easy and user friendly.......Music is rocking addition above all
-,dont expect any thing in this mobile its just basic touch mobile, avg build quality, cam is worst even not like 1.3 mp also better than this, just a basic mobile phone. but but looking big costly super smooth touch screen, very very useful collins full dictionary. 5.1 channel music through ear phones. thats it. no more , 2days battery back up, voice quality is very good, costly looks, if dont want android just go for it.
I have ordered for first time a phone from this site, the process to buy is simple and the delivery is really quick. Thanks to flipkart.com for making it easier to buy stuff so quickly rather than roaming different shops..
better not to buy this mobile, becoz this mobile is not android n operates on java that to not of use doesn't support any applications, its better to nokia s40 series or mobile like c1 n all atleast they support themes . this Samsung doesn't support anything . only cost is high n no features. very low rating for rex series.guys never go for rex
I have been using samsung phones for last ten years and I never had any problem . Samsung has built a trust in me . So, I bought this phone without any enquiry . I was in urgent need of phone as my phone was broken and my budget was upto 7000. I entered the shop and I told the samsung seller about my needs and budget . He showed me this phone and by the look of it , I thought it is android . I bought it and when I came home , I found that its not android .Its REX , a java based operating system. Then I thought, it's Java .So, its even better . Java is most widely programming language used and this phone will support everything . Later , I found that , this phone's internet connection will keep disconnecting . It uses GPRS to connect to internet . Google maps does not work on this phone. Sometimes picking the call becomes difficult . The biggest disadvantage of this phone is that , it has no screen lock . I strongly suggest that Samsung should stop selling their REX series . It does not have any quality at all . Otherwise , they should sell it at a much discounted rate . I bought it at 5900 rs. which was also little costlier to me because I could have easily bought a android phone in this budget . I do not recommend to buy this phone .
no graphics... no speed for internet .. always restarts.... a real waste of money not at all expected from samsung..
it is a really dashing phone under 6k...a beautiful handset worth buying....though its not android...but where wld u get such a phone under rs. 6000/-............GO FOR IT... it is full touch and screen is also big.....the size is 3.5 inch TFT display- WOW!!...............it is good as u get a genuine brand and just go for it...............!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
good phone thanks to flipkart. really superb phone. very fast on shipping, this handset is looks pretty nice in hand u just love it after purchasing. Camera is excellent i have used wi fi in my office on this phone it gives fast speed . Battery is good for heavy use like wi fi . for normal using it gives more than 2 days backup.
