MOBDQJZ88EGSQZ3H
Dear viewers, this is my first review so please bear with me. Gionee Pioneer P2 is a nice mobile with a handsome list of features in a pocket-friendly cost. First the features, (Features given by Flipkart are some what incorrect, you may consult gionee website if you like). ~ 4" IPS Display, Good viewing angles, Good not Great. ~ Dual Sim (2G + 3G) ~ 2G and 3G networks both supported. (1st sim 3G and 2nd sim 2G) ~ Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi hotspot ~ Bluetooth 4.0 ~ 5MP Primary Camera with Flash (HD video recording at 720p), Front facing VGA camera. ~ Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean (No updates so far) ~ 1.3 Ghz Cortex A7 Dual Core Processor ~ Mali 400 GPU ~ 512 mb of RAM, 4 gb of ROM (Actual formatted capacity will be less) ~ Micro Sd card upto 32gb supported ~ In-build UC browser ~ DTS 3D Surround Sound, FM radio with recording. ~ A-GPS support with Google Maps ~ Proximity sensor, G-sensor, E-Compass, Light Sensor (All work fine) ~ 1700 mAH Battery ~ Colors Black and White are only available. In the box: ~ Handset ~ Battery ~ Wall adapter ~ Data Cable ~ Headset ~ Manual, Warranty Card, Service Center List. ~ 2 screen guards ~ 1 silicon case Please wait for the full review... To Be Contd....
Got this hand set from local market at Rs. 5500/-, as because Flipkart don't provide delivery in our current location. Whatever, there is no doubt that Gionee (R & D) handsets are far better than any other handset from all other local brands like Micromax, Karbonn, Spice, Lava, Videocon, Zen, Intex,.... at the same price range. Using this handset from last 3 months and I'm fully satisfied with P2. The amazing part of this handset are, GPS and Compass working very well from the first day. I didn't feel any heating problem till date. Display and Camera quality is very good also. A very good product at reasonable price.
I purchase gionee p2 after doing research and found dis phone to b good as its one of the leading handset maker in d world..... BUT I WAS WORNG. after a month i faced a problem ...d phone just went dead .... after submitting my phone in service center .... YASH MOBILES MUMBAI dey gave me phone after 18 day... wen i restated my phone at service center it didnt power on n was in d same condition .. den again d service center guys told me keep d phone fr next one week .. den wen i go after one week d phone was working fine after 2 days d same problem ... again i submited d phone n dey r not even ready for a replacement... so its a request to alll not TO BUY GIONEE HANDSET... n der r many gionee devices in d service center vch hav many prblm GIONEE JUST SUCKS ... all its handset hav one or the another prblm so dnt buy gionee products... BETTER GO FOR MICROMAX as der parts r available in local market these chinese company just r like shit....CHALA THO CHAND TAK WARNA RAAT TAK!!!!
When i received this product i was extremely happy to see the body and display, touch. but after a use of JUST 25 DAYS I WAS FACING PROBLEM ( PHONE JUST HANG THEN HAD TO RESTART IT, ITS SWITCHED OFF AUTOMATICALLY) PHONE SHOWED ROAMING AND DISCONNECTED THE INTERNET AUTOMATICALLY THEN HAD TO MANY SET IT BY GOING IN SETTINGS => MOBILE NETWORK => SEARCH FOR A NETWORK CONNECTION MANUALLY => YOUR MOBILE SERVICE PROVIDER ( AIRTEL VODAFONE, AIRCEL ETC) DISLPAY HAD LINES APPEARING ON IT TOUCH WAS NOT WORKING PROPERLY CAMERA IS THE WORT PART OF THIS PHONE . WHEN I WENT TO THE SERVIE CENTER THEY TOOK THE PHONE FOR 25 DAYS AND DIDNT EVEN ANSWER MY CALLS WHEN I WAS TRYING TO GAIN INFORMATION ABOUT THE PHONE CURRENT STATUS AS I AM A WORKING PERSON I CANT VISIT THE SERVICE CENTER FREQUENTLY FOR SUCH SMALL THING IS MY PHONE READY IF I VISIT AND FOUND ITS NOT READY I WILL HAVE TO CAME AGAIN THERE SERVIE EXECUTIVES ARE VERY RUDE ITS MY ADIVE TO ALL NOT TO BY GIONEE PRODUCT IT HAS A POOR QUALITY AND SERVICE NETWORK AND ITS SERVICE CENTER IS A 3RD PARTY SERVICE CENTER GO FOR MICROMAX INSTEAD THIS PRODUCT IT A WORST PRODUCT GIONEE YOUR A BIG FLOP AND ALL THE REVIEWS ON YOUTUBE ARE FAKE AND PAID.
It is the best in this budget, it's hardware, and software... on the top, it can handle games like dead trigger and asphalt 8 with minimum problems but the problem is with camera and sound, music playback avg so is the picture quality, but the display is fantastic, any picture or video looks great..... if you want to play games and use this phone for software and and phones then go for it, but if you want a good camera, and better sound playback, then consider other phones... but under this budget, you wont get anymore then this one... it is the best....
I am not a good writer. But i want to clear the doubt. I bought this mobile on another site when it is not available in flipkart This mobile support 3g video call. Gps connect fast at outdoor (My previous lava 454 sucks) Music hearing with winamp is super No heating issue Battery is great. Far better than samsung s duos except Camera. Install application to sd card. I dont try games. Last but not least.Now i am Gionee fan.
Its super duper phone at this price. (Value For Money) 1) Super Battery 2) Super Display like IPS (don't know is it IPS or not) 3) Super Speed 4) Super Games 5) Super GPS working awesome 6) Latest Android 4.2.2 (Just Got Another New updated today but didn't updated till now) 7) Dual Sim 8) WiFi Direct 9) 3G And WiFi 10) Bluetooth 4.0 11) Comes With 2 screen Protector and One Cover Free thanks for it 12) Better Build Quality 13) Finally Gionee Rocks
I purchased this phone from a local shop, the moment i saw the phone and its specs i pulled out my money n purchased it.Gionee is a very good company best than our local brands like mmx,lava,karbonn.I am a big fan of Gionee,saw a video from Igyaan where he went into a plant of Gionee producing phones and i was shocked to see the way they were keeping quality checks,automated machines pinching designs on the phone etc. Gionee's phones are the best and the price is also always in the budget. I have been using this phone for over a month and found no issue regarding battery heating or any type of lag.It realy works smooth...the only prob is the camera quality is a little bit grainy and the RAM shoud be equal to Samsung S duos...had these features been there it was a "todu mobile" in the budget.In this budget you are getting 1.3 Ghz dual core with a Mali -400 Gpu ,wifi,Android 4.2, a big screen with a Very beautifull IPS display, what else can u get in under 6k guys.......from my personal experience try GIONEE rather than going for SAMSUNG HTC SONY with a very high priced Phones...when all of it you can get here in GIONEE with a cheaper price...the new launch of E7,E6 E5 all being great handsets.DON"T THINK just do it. My next handset would also be GIONEE. :) luv it
The phone is very slow by taking phone numbers and messages.Camera is not giving the 5mp clarity.Total performance of this phone is very bad.
i bought this phone September 2013..! for 1 month it was working good..! but after it started to hang..! several times..! it was working damn slower..! and CAMERA 5MP IS ALSO NOT SOO GOOD EVEN IN SUNLIGHT IN LOW LIGHT ITS SUCKS..! IT WILL GRAINY THAT U CANT EVEN PROPERLY SEE YOUR FACE..! I THINK FRONT CAMERA IS BETTER THAN BACK..! 720P VIDEO RECORDING WAS DECENT..! BUT HOLDS HUGE MEMORY..!...! and now may 2014..! suddenly the front cam dint work..! in two days phone dint start up..! WHEN I SWITCH ON IT..! IT JUST SHOWS ME GIONEE LOGO..! THIS WAS HAPPEND TO ME..! AND NOW AM PLANNING TO BUY GIONEE ELIFE E7 MINI..! but looks are good in p2 but the performance sucks..!
This is a cheap but below average mobile phone from Gionee, it come as good as a other Chinese mobile available in the market. Functionally its really very slow. Poor gaming and sad looks. Also the free back cover provided is of very poor quality, was once transparent but now turned yellow.
Gionee is a very popular chinese brand in china and has been launched in India a year ago. Just because it is new plzz dont hesitate to buy this. Just go for it.. Very good specs.... Some of the features that flipkart does not mentions : -4gb internal memory -sim 1 supports 3g and sim 2 supports 2g. -GPRS and EDGE enabled Screen resolution and colors + Battery backup are some superb performance of the phone... Camera is a bit of issue... Not very clear.. Even 3.2mp from samsung would take a better picture but come-on you don't look around for a 6k phone with everything perfect... After all its just a camera.. I see people rating less because of its cam quality. Go buy a digicam instead of go for 20k range phones.. This is awsome for the price it asks.. since the brand is new in india, after sale service or customer care could be an issue. Better go for extended warranty in that case... latter being provided by etechies on flipkart at cheap rates.. :)
dont buy it from flipcart at rupees 5900,i am buying it from ebay at rupees 5200, ebay provide very good delivery within 5-days,thank u.
I bought this phone in Jan 2014 based on the reviews here and having a budget of around 6-7k. I was worried on the 512 MB RAM but I installed apps to keep memory usage in check. It started off well but after some months it began to slow down. After 6 months of careful use and installing only about 10-12 apps (no games or other hungry apps), it has slowed down miserably. Even when trying to open the contact list or last dialed numbers, it takes a full minute or two. My wife bought a Lenovo S720 which has a slower CPU but is a much faster and more reliable phone. Please look elsewhere when trying to buy a phone in the Rs 6000 range. Else you will have a snail after 6 months.
I BOUGHT THE PHONE ARROUND 6MONTHS AGO...ITS NICE OTHENTIC AND TECHNICALLY MORE THAN SOUND THAN OTHE ANY MOBILE BRAND IN INDA IN THID BUDGET.THE FITURES AND ITS PERFORMENCE IS SUPERB. THE PRICE OF THE PHONE MAY COMPARE ANY OTHER BRAND IN INDIA LIKE SAMSUNG NOKIA MOTROLA LG SONY AND ANY OTHERS.I AM 100% SATISFIED BY USING THE PHONE.IN THIS BUDGET THERE IS NO PHONE IN INDIA BY ANY COMPANY WITH THE QUALITY.EVEN ANY BRAND PRODUCT ALSO....SO TAKE OR BUY THE PHONE AND ENJOY THE SMART AND ANDROID
I am using this phone from past 2 months. Here are my reviews. 1. Primary Camera 5MP works good(not great), during day time, however it takes up grainy pics during evening or night. 2. Battery seems to be an average. If you play songs, and play some games, it will last for may be 4-5 hours at max. 3. Front camera is ok enough to make 3G video call. 4. Performance wise it seems to be okay enough, not pretty fast, not pretty slow. 5. Couple of games, like fish, temple...etc works good Rating it 4/5 due to low price....In its given price range this phone looks to be good enough...
Good features:- 1.3Ghz processor with 512 RAM and android 4.2 version. 5MP camera with flash and also a front camera. It plays 100% full HD video and movie without any croping and without any vlc or MX player. Battery is so good. Screen colour nice and looks beautiful. and also the price is not so for this configuration. Sound quality is too good. camera quality is average or good.Not bad Gionee is the No. 1 brand of china and it has various authorized service centres all over india. So,friends you can buy this without any hesitation..I love this model
Good phone. But a little bit heavy phone.good built quality and it camera is OK not excellent front cam Is very good.can handle heavy games like dead trigger,asphalt7,temple run,sub. Surfers without any lag.all the accessories are very good including two screen guards,cover and handsfree It Should be Light in weight but we could not expect more in this budget.battery drains10% in half an hour .good battery backup.verdict-go for this phone. Note I am reviewing about this phone after using 3 days
Camera is not so good even not as 2MP of Samsung or Nokia. Internet browsing is very slow even if in 3G mode. Video player not support HD quality videos. Rest all are ok..
Hi guys. I'm ususing this product from 3 week's.this phone is brilliant. It has beautiful design.I've played dead trigger,temple run,subway surfer's ect.All of them worked with out a glitch.you don't have to worry about the storage as you can move your apps to SD card.you will get 2 screen protector's, one silicon cover.it has all sensors including aambient light and magnetic sensor,it has flip to mute options,it has 5 point multi touch so the touch response is very good. The display is gorgeous. It has average 5 MP FIXED FOCUS. camera, all of these features @ 6000 is amazing deal.Don't worry about brand, gionee is better than any other local brands the quality of the product and accessories is very premium.so if you have 6k and looking for an android device then go get this product before the stocks run out.
awesome touch.. every thing in it matches a standard of phone costs around 15000.. its full loaded.. worth for money . guys go ahead purchase it today . m using it from last 20 days, had no problem wid it......
I'm using this mobile since last week. So far so good. Pros: Display -> Awesome, crystal clear, visible under sunlight. Battery -> More than a day and half, best when compare with other smart phones. It comes with nice back cover and couple of screen guard. They are really awesome. Themes & UI -> It has customized icons. It looks great & stands out. Cons: Camera -> worst camera ever. I had mobiles with 2px camera. The picture quality in those mobiles are far better than this mobile.
I bought Gionee P2 phone. I like to click photos here and there but I was really disappointed with its rear camera. Its not like 5 MP but like a VGA camera, very poor indoors with lots of grains but ok outdoor. The strongest point of the phone is its battery. Its lasts long. It has DTS sound enabled and gives ok sound. I also have spice mi496 which also has DTS sound and is much better than DTS sound of P2. If you like clicking photos then avoid P2. If you like playing games and want bigger battery then you can go for it.
I was bit apprehensive about any product from Gionee as I have never used it before, but I am glad I made this choice.It is a very kool phone and my phone charge lasts for almost 2 days with normal use only for calls. I did use the WLAN and did OTA update available from Gionee website and the touchscreen is super smooth and active.We get 2 screen covers and a back cover for free with the set.The only issue was with the late delivery which never happened with flipkart earlier. My 2 cents - you simply cannot get any mobile with such specs within 6000 bucks.Go for it.
I haven't bought this phone from flipkart cause delivery was not available at my place. I got it for 5400. What i was looking for was a no nonsense 4 inch display android ph which i could carry comfortably in my pocket. There were numerous choices but i will be frank i bought this phone because it was cheapest and got jellybean 4.2.2. Also i read many good reviews about this phone. Flip cover is easily available on ebay and hence bought this phone. After two weeks of usage here are my observations Pros 1) Good fit and finish. Feels solid and good in hand. 2) Nice bright screen with good viewing angles. 3) Great battery life. If you keep phone idle without touching it even after 7-8 hours battery life will not go down even by 1%. I am not a heavy gamer and uses it only to check websites and emails, and gaming for 15-20 mins. After this battery drains about 40 - 50% in a day. 5) Custom UI styling make it stand apart from usual android crowd. 6) Android 4.2.2 out of the box with OTA available. 7) Nice video playback with no lag. 8) Kingsoft office come inbuilt. Cons 1) Screen guard bundled are of real bad quality. 2) Touch sensitivity is not very good. Its not as good as my father's lava iris 455. 3) Due to customized, Spiced UI there is minor lag. Nothing to bother about but it is present. But not a big thing to worry about. 5) Camera quality is OK OK not great. Dont expect a magic. Overall a good budget phone for those who intend to use phone as a phone and not a gamepad.
I got this as a gift for my dad last month. The box it came in was quite damaged and I was a bit worried about it, but thankfully nothing had happened to the phone. It is boxed with 2 scratch guards from the manufacturer itself and also a back rubber case! I think this is really awesome as you don't have to go about finding out which case fits and which doesn't! It has all the basic functions and also quite fast. The interface is also quite simple and standard android stuff. My dad loves it and so do I! If you want to get a really good value-for-money phone which looks good too, don't think twice and go ahead with buying this one!
I'm using this product for last one month... Flipkart took 7 days for delivering this phone. It is a wonder ful phone for this prize range. You will get the value for each rupee you spend. Pros.. 1. Amazing Processor performance... The 1.3GHz cortex A7 dual core processor with 512MB RAM, will cater all your processing needs. Temple run 2, Subway train surfer, FL-Commandor all these games running smoothly. Antutu Benchmark score for this phone is 10941 which is above the samsung galaxy S2. No much Heating is observed during the gaming or browsing over wifi. 2.
gifted this to my mother, on my parents' anniversary.. she has been using it for close to a month - no lag/hang, good built (already dropped a couple of times).. i hv disabled all the pre-installed, unwanted apps - thanks to android 4.2.. also ram of 512mb is enough for normal usage.. not to worry :) good budget fone, and gionee - a company to watch for.. and, i also bought pioneer p3 (not from flipkart), for my father !!
USING THIS PHONE FOR THE LAST TWO MONTHS. NO BLOAT WARE, HAS AMPLE SPACE OUT OF 4GB INTERNAL MEMORY BECAUSE OF PRE-INSTALLED LIKE KINGSOFT, APPMANAGER WHICH INCLUDES PHONE ACCELERATE, GOLAUNCHER, TORCH, SOUND RECORDER, VOICE SEARCH ETC... NO HANGUPS... EVER... SO FAR. REASONABLY GOOD CAMERA FOR DAYLIGHT SCENES. ONLY GAMING ENTHUSIASTS MAY FIND IT LAKING SUFFICIENT POWER... FOR EVERY BODY ELSE...this phone is EXCELLENT VALUE FOR MONEY.
Pros: USB Debugging , Enhance color, No Lagging, Based on price the picture quality quite good, Battery stand for 1 day for normal use only, Sound quality good, u can installed software in memory card also. Cons: Heavy (350gm) , Dull Finishing, auto focus, night image r not so good. but it is a good phone for normal users and same config. like xolo a500s.
Battery backup is good. Camera is average. features are good for moderate uses. I bought it for one of my friend and he is happy to use it...
Great product, excellent battery life. Good voice quality, looks good too. Feature rich phone. Bought it for my mother and she loves it too.
nice product but really really bad camera using this phone from last 3 months Good display Good battery backup Poor camera (both front/rear, as per Gionee 5mp but its not, not even 2mp) poor handsfree
Good look ,512 mb ram is enough for playing high def. games, touch screen is good havin 3g ,wifi speed is good camera quality is average and battery life is average
hi , this is good mobile for new android smart phone user . that's is good deal under 6000 budget wise . i purchage form local market and i feel better use for my professional life . good thing is good mobile but bad thing is i realise that is it's processor lower than other brand which like smag . and i found camara problem as no button found of sut off voice ...it create click voice when click the photo .
i hve been using this mobile since 6 months nd it nvr had a problem..very nice mobile nd supports all games nd all apps mostly..trust me nd buy this mobile
I never expected one of the best phone under 6k ... I bought it before 5 month ago from flipkart.. It never lags I am a heavy user using for gaming... There are only minor lags while playing high end games.. But playable for all games... There is a heating problem while using 3g network... But the battery backup is enough for 1day after heavy use.. Its not like other brand.
This is an excellent phone. I would say for this rate, you cannot get more features like this anywhere else. Having used it for more than 2 months, I can vouch this is by far the best product in its category with amazing features which is user friendly and easy to handle
good phone at this price , look wise ok not very good , camera ok not very good overall its a good phone/ best phone at this price
dear all i have purchase this mobile in feb 2014 and till is working good , cant find any problem , nice voice clarity , only one negative point with this product is its camera , 5MP camera is only show show pis not good ( bad ) picture quality if you are selfy lover , and you need an good camera mobile than not go with this mobile other wise you can go and enjoy this mobile
After using it for a Month. Battery = Good. Giving more than a day with moderate usage with 2g connection. Sensors= Ambient light sensors,proximity sensor, magnetic sensors all working properly.no problem faced. Gps=Good. Works every time even on 2g. Budget Phone............Go Get IT
I am one of those people who undertake a long research before buying a phone.I went through all the links available for this phone on the internet and hardly came across any negative ones so decided to go for this. I have been using it for the past 24 hours and trust me it is a steal for this price.Though the camera is below par,rest everything is perfect.
This phone is a great one in its price range. Great build quality, a good BATTERY life, handy, and provides more items in the box (Silicon cover and 2 Screen Guard) The Camera quality isnt good though, but its OK. So far no Complaints.
its more than expectation very smooth, light, nice design. reached very fast to home, with best packing, best rate we found of flipcart. thanks flipcart team.
i am using P2 for last 10 days an observe that P 2 is better than any brand like samsung,sony or others. i purchase it in 5600 cost but giving competition to 20k cost phone. game like temple run 1 and 2 play smoothly in P2.
I bought this phone for my father who was keen on trying out an android phone. For the price tag of under 6k this phone has some eye raising features and a great look. For example the dual cameras both of which take decent pictures. One wont find Dual cameras in the same range and of such quality in other brands. The user interface has been customized by Gionee. Not user friendly for someone like my father who is using android for the first time. Takes some time getting used to. But once you are familiar, it is easy. The navigation speed is quite slow when compared to zippy navigation one is used to on other phones. That may be due to low ram (only 512) and android 4.2. Cant be used for heavy.gaming. The touchscreen is one of the smoothest I have come across. The build quality of the body is great and it feels like a premium phone in the hand. There are a lot of preinstalled apps that cant be removed which may be irksome for quite a few people. The phone features work fine. No problems in connectivity or voice quality. The speaker sound is above average too but not too loud. Battery last a whole day or more on average use. Overall a good phone but not for the youth who are into gaming and stuff. Value for money. Much better than what local brands are offering at the same price range. Plus Gionee also has service centers in Khar Road, Lamington road and a couple of other places. So if you have an elder who wants to try their hands on android, go for this phone. It wont burn a hole in one's pocket and gives decent performance
Camera 5MP is good. 4.2.2 Android. 512 MB RAM "Battery ideal mode 11 hours, only 3% less." Normal temp :28 C heat. App working: 39 C heat.
Firstly, I am not a tech geek and i don't know any technical knowledge like the reviewers. This Review is just to Help people like me who are confused weather to buy it or not. I will rate it 4.8 out of 5. Let me start with comparison, well, its just a complete value for money. The build quality is far much better than expected, It feels awesome when holding in hand, doesn't feel like a toy like xolo or mmx at this price, the working is superb, till now no lag, even after installing front-line commando, jet-pack joyride, subway surfers & tap the frog HD at least 70-100mb ram is free. Hence no lag, the less ram of 512mb is covered with the GPU i.e. Mali 400. Then comes the battery life, well i must say i am pretty much impressed with the battery, because it gives a full day backup with heave use. Gaming, Surfing &listening to music. Because it was my first android, the first thing i did was installed apps n games. Just awesome experience. Even you can install apps on external card without rooting. I don't know the After Effect of rooting this device, But really i don't need it right now. :) 1080p videos can be played smoothly without lagging, 3g works awesomely fast, approx 170mb game front-line commando was downloaded from play-store in just 20-25 secs. giving at least 1-1.5mbps speed. The screen is very sharp and decently sized. For those who do not want large phones. There are some useless apps like NQ security which cannot be deleted, but you can force stop them. Only Negative point of this masterpiece is the Camera. It says 5mp, but the clarity is like Nokia X2's 5mp cam. Flash is useless for photography but is useful for torch. The Screen guard bundled with the phone is a poor quality, but better ones are easily available in market ranging from 100-250rs. Final verdict- It was very hard for me to go for a less known company, since it is not known to many people, but i took a chance and believe me, it is very good piece for all those who are new to android, for normal people, for people who want to get a good android experience and for those who don't want large games lie asphalt 8 and gta. And last thing....... FEELS PREMIUM as told my Gionee... Gionee rocks...!!!
Very good phone. Jus think of your requirements of the phone first call/ msg/ whtsap/ small games (temple run, subway surfers etc)/ few apps+ Good Battery backup So practically this is good phone at the budget. if your budget is 5k go for it blindly. Cons: Camera is v bad a bit heavy
I bought this phone after i had 'tried' using Samsung S Duos 4r 3 months as an alternative because S Duos used to get hanged frequently, call quality was horrible, network issue , battery backup :X. But now i am using this as my primary and has given my samsung handset to my mom who is just making calls. To start this phone has a big battery, with full running apps it will last for 2 days if you are frequently blogging and posting. By full running apps i have 8 widgets set in 4 different homepage continuously streaming 3G data feeds. In spite of having running application like facebook,gmail,fotmob,times of india,twitter & skype this phone do not Lags.I at times also apply a live wallpaper which drains the battery a bit faster but do not lags the phone. Sad part is i could do this with a mobile phone at 6k which i couldnt do it with Samsung at 15k. Data transfer is easy,just plug in the usb cord .. u do not need s/w. The only con this phone has is the camera. It is not 5mp quality as it states, and i am bit worried about the after sales services which the shop owner has taken full responsibilty of from where i bought this. Gionee is indeed a good company considering the quality of the phone i got, and you can go with this product blindfolded if u are not too savy with the camera.
I have been using the phone for a month now and I am quite satisfied with the performance..the screen is quick in response.pictures are really good from the back camera.front camera pics are not so good esp at night.games like subway surfer and temple run run very smooth.the only problem is that the battery drains out fast.a very good phone at this price.
Overall it is a good mobile at this price range. But the problem is with External Sdcard, Am using 32Gb card. some times the data in the card suddenly disappears Gallery ,music etc will not work at this movement. we need to reboot the device to recover from this state..
I have had the Gionee P2 for 2 months now. I will make a very brief review about it. First of all, it was quite pleasing to receive additional goodies from Gionee like 2 screen protectors and a back cover. These might not be the best but it get's its job done. Quite a value for money since sourcing these in the market might incur around Rs.1000+ extra. The phone itself is a bit bulky and heavy, mostly because of its 1700mAh battery. It's quite a large a battery for this price range and you will be very satisfied with the backup it gives. I have used the phone without a charging interval for 2 days at a stretch, with mainly 2G calls, 10-20 sms, and wifi hotspot (3g). Note that I use the wifihotspot for my Nexus7 so it's only active when I have the screen of my phone off (standby). The gripes I have with this phone is it's meagre 512mb RAM and on top of that, a resource heavy stock UI/apps. Only 470 MB of RAM is actually there in the phone and the system uses 420MB RAM. So there's frequent hangups and occasional crashes. Maybe removing all the garbage in it might improve the phone but I am not optimistic. Another sad thing is its camera. Better not have any hopes withit's camera :D. My Sony K790i took better pictures than this. Overall, it's an OK phone. Not that bad. Not that great!
You shall go for this if you want a budget smartphone with excellent battery backup, good build quality and Jelly Bean Features. However, the major glitch in this phone is the Camera. The grains in the pictures make them look very ordinary. Apart from the Camera the phone is an excellent choice for 5.7K.
Before buy : After a wide research ( main concerns : value for money & need all features and good battery backup, list of service centers ) i thought this is the best mobile. After buy : first day : with mobile i got good back cover, 2 screen guards, usb charger and good ear phones. on time delivery by flipkart after using 20 days : never felt any problem while using, display in all angles is very good, battery back up is too good as i expected one time charging for a day, speed is good as 512 mb ram. Speakers quality is very good, loud and very clear. Hd Videos play very well. the only problem is back camera as it shows as 5mp but it works as 2.mp. overall its good product and value for money. i had selected it for only professional use and i am very satisfied.
Pros Good built quality, sharp screen and decent battery backup. Cons Too many pre-installed apps which cant be uninstalled like go-launcher etc. So free memory is very low.
ive suggest fr dis 1.. will it good1 .. ive checked all those specssss.. nd the processor .. 1.3gz ..may b fine,, but 512mb ram nt enough.. but in this budget no batter than dis1.....
after lone search ....i buy a this mobile.mobile was budget phone with 6000 rs . Processor:very fast with 1.2 GHZ DUALCORE Display : Gud. ( 4 inches..but in sunlight its shows lack of brighness) Battery : best battery with 1700 mAH ( min one day even normal use of interner & games) Camera : cheap quality( 5 mp cam but its very bad) Overallly my opinion go for this mobile. My suggestion Dnt go karbon & celkon & micromax even they are given high specifications at low price.
Couldn't believe the build quality, screen clarity and the frequent updates and customized Android that suits this phone !!! Best value for the money.
Hi all, I am a techie by profession and I would always never expect my smartphone to make miracles or to take photos like dedicated professional cameras or SLR anyways. Today I am writing my first review after one month of purchase @ Rs. 5600 from another online vendor, I am confident enough to say specs and build quality are amazing at this price range. Looks premium even 12K mobiles lack this build quality (as I always give 1st preference to build quality rather than technical specifications). I was not very sure about this brand, but after seeing several positive reviews on the net (not only from Flipkart :-)), these forced me to buy this model. Its a new model released in Aug 2013 by Gionee, if you are not sure better google it or youtube p2 unboxing it to get more details. Thanks for all of the previous reviews to make me a better understanding. I am sure you will be proud of your decision once you feel this device in hands (From my personal experience)...
For the price this phone is a bargain, but the camera doesn't have autofocus, excellent build quality, really impressed with the performance.
the phone is good but let me just tell you the cons 1-the back cover and screen gaurd provided are of poor quality. 2-the ear piece provided is pathetic 3-sound distorts at high level 4-viewing angles are not that great bust just average 5-a bit heavy 6-user available ram about 160-180 mb which is kind of low,you must install advanced task manager from google play store 7-there is an issue with the light sensor of the phone,it sometimes rapidly changes screen brightness 8-touch sensitivity about 6.5/10 9-internet browsing experience is about 6/10 10-camera quality is just 3.2 mp not 5 mp ,very poor camera. the best part is its battery and its price and performance,its the best phone at this price the only competitor being xolo a500s but it has lower battery standby,below average call quality and mic and speaker output and even more worse camera than p2 but lookwise its better.
Brilliant smart phone from gionee. This has decent camera. It also has flash though the flash is not a good one. Screen size is very good. Battery is too good. I bought it from a local shop at 5700. It is too good phone at this range. Pros: 1. Good screen size and also good resolution. 2. 5 mp camera with flash. 3. 1.3 Ghz Dual core prossesor. 4. ram 512 mb. ( exactly 470 mb) 5. Too good battery backup. 6. very good look. 7. Internet speed is very good. 8. Network catching power is very good. 9. Video calling facility. 10. Two screen guard and 1 phone cover inside the box. 11. Supports theme. You can download theme from net. 12. Supports all hd videos. Cons: 1. Touch response is good but it might be better. 2. Ram should be more than 470 mb. Atleast 768mb. 3. It does not have its own browser like samsung. Plz... go for this phone. This is better than any phone of any brand with price range 0 to 10000. Better than micromax, karboon, samsung & also from sony. Gionee rocks............. :)
1. Display-5/5 Awesome IPS Display. 480x800 resolution let you watch HQ videos 2. Touch-5/5 Sensitivity of touch is good and also one can change its sensitivitiness. 3. Camera-3/5 Primary camera gives a picture of 3.2MP not 5MP. Secondary camera is a waste 4. Battery-5/5 Same as any smartphone of same inbuilt quality 5. Interne&Connectivity-4/5 On Wifi browsing/downloading speed is excellent but on mobile network it is decent. 6. Multimedia-4/5 Earphones with the set is a disaster but on any other headphone sound is good. Install the app "Equalizer FX" 7. Games-3/5 Normal games like, temple run, subway surfer, zombie frontier, enemy strike can be played easily. But little heavy games than these, hangs the set a little and exits the game on its on. Some Miscellaneous points 1. It has dual desktop launcher feature. 2. Contacts setting is a bit difficult to understand. 3. It has preinstalled NQ mobile security and du power saver, both optimizes battery life 4. It is quite a heavy handset in terms of weight. 5. Antutu bechmark scores 10831 slightly more than Samsung Galaxy S2, which is almost double its price. And nenamark scores 33.2fps with good 3D graphics Overall-5/5 Its worth a deal and pocket friendly. Under 6k you can't get better than this.
One of my friends told me about this brand and said that it is quite successful and trusted in China. I decided to go for it and trust me, it feels like any other branded mobile phone with all features but after only spending 5300. + Battery Life, Touch, 3G/2G/Wifi/HotSpot, 512 RAM, 1.3 GHz CPU, Zero Hang/Lag, Cool Sturdy look. I mean everything is a bargain at this price - Camera is average. Earphones also average. There was some pre-installed apps that consumed a lotttt of RAM but after I roooted it using framaroot and freezed some inbuilt apps the phone feels like operating windows 98 on a supercomputer :) Reviews for Gionee's Mobile Phones are fabulous over the internet.All in all, a definite thumps up for the phone.Way to go Gionee !!
I have gifted this to mother and i am finding it excellent in all respects Good Battery Doesnt Hang Very Good touch Nice looks Apps can be moved to sd card Dont think go for it
I am using this phone since last One month and I can tell everyone that its best in all fields for this price. its comparable to higher priced big brand phones. Hats off to Gionee.
i bought it from another site, and the phone is great at this price range. The package includes -phone -Battery -User's manual -2 screen guard -Plastic case -USB cable-charger etc. Good display Slightly customized android UI 500mb ram 4 GB internal 1.3 GHz (no other phone in this range this) 5 MP camera with flash 2 MP front camera
I have been using this phone from past 1 week and, need to say this I am very much impressed with Quality, fit and finish of this model. This does not seem a budget phone at all. Feels very solid in hand, has nice weight, looks very good too. I compared it with XOLO 500s as 500s looked very good in pictures has n8 like design but in real life it was looking just a cheaply made lightweight toy. About specs, my most important concern was RELIABILITY! call reception , call sound quality, signal quality and battery life. I read almost all reviews, blogs and found it is quad band both sim 3g activated phone. Call quality and battery life is very good. Specs are more or less similar to phones in same price range. Decision: So what made me select this phone? Answer is its not rebranded phone like Micromax/ Karbonn or XOLO. P2 is Gionee’s own production. Any company in rebranding market is obviously going to import/ produce cheapest available options, rebrand and sell to make a profit. They are nothing but agents in my opinion. They have bad service reputation. I saw detailed Gionee company review on NDTV where reporter was inside the company explaining and showing phones actually getting manufactured, assembled and packed. Company has high quality standards and since P2 is directly coming from manufacturers, they have reputation to maintain. Performance: Its good overall. I am not a gamer so can’t say anything about that. Applications are working smooth. Did not like default Amigo UI so added Nova launcher. Battery life is great, lasts more than a day. Call quality is awesome. I had always faced problems in call quality with all prior Chinese phones I have used but this one is good, actually better than my LG Thrill. Network reception is good, touch sensitivity is good or similar to most of the phones in same price range. Built quality is very, very good at given price. Free cover and screen guard is a plus. Overall very satisfied with the purchase. Had only issue while connecting the earphones. I have Soundmagic E10m and they do not get detected very easily. I have to insert them slowly to make phone understand earphones are plugged in! This is strange, the original earpiece which came with the phone is working and getting detected without any issues. I think reason could be E10m is specially made for I devices. Other than this, phone is working absolutely flawless. I am very happy with the purchase I made and I think I will not hesitate at all for going with higher range devices from Gionee in future, I have set my eyes on Elife E5 and E7 Mini. Have high hopes from this brand, I am sure if they maintain the quality and options which are value for money like they do now, maintain good service reputation, Gionee will be the most successful brand in India very soon!
mobile is almost best and better than all local brands like celkon,micromax,it is better than s duos in perfomance,ram is superbb,large files cannot run fastly,only onething i disappointed in this the music player not good and they have no equalizer ,if u are music lover u cannot satisfy with this mobile bcoz sound quality not good ,battery backup is fine. anyway in this budget this is the best mobile i think
After using p1 i became a fan of Gionee.. I bought this phone 3 months ago from a local shop.. after using this phone i just want to say It's an Awesome Phone At this PRICE..No lag found yet, no heating prob, no hanging problem.. 512 mb ram,5mp camera,jellybin 4.2.2, 1.3Ghz Dual core proccer cortex A7.. Its better than The xolo a500s... the camera quality is Above average.. but it can run most of the High Defination Games and apps.. I have played MC4,Asphalt7,Dead trigger2 etc without any lag.. Antutu 4 benchmark is11095 and it beats the samsung galaxy s2 and LG optimus 2x.. s2 score 10576 and lg score 8479..Its a best Budget phone at this price... Gionee is awesome brand.. the battery gives me atleast a day... it can record 720p resolution.. Out Of 4GB inbuilt memory 1.79 gb free for internal storage(for apps installing) and 500 mb for mass storage... apps can be moved in Sd card.. It has Magnetic sensor,Proximity sensor,Accelomotor sensor.. All are working Great.. IF U WANT TO BUY A HEAVY WEIGHT PHONE.. THEN JUST GO FOR IT WITHOUT ANY DOUBT..
I am using this mobile for 3 weeks. this mobile have more than all the facilities u required in this budget. good battery backup, nice touch, good processor, looks nice, nice picture quality, net working fast with vodafone 3g, all kinds of game working very good & many more. satisfied with the features. You should go for this. CAMERA & headphone is little bit low quality, but ok with this budget.
camera quality is very poor.other than best phone under this price range i bought this phone from indiatimes shopping at price 5276/-
P2 has features that wont come in any other smart phone in the same range. Be it Primary and Secondary Camera.. Touch.. LED Flash.. Hang free performance.. Best Value for money. Better than Samsung, Micromax, Karbon etc at this range. Its just that not many people know that GIONEE is china's one of the best and largest mobile company.
100% Perfect. Everything is in order. I switched from Samsung to Gionee and found the product more better than expected. Delivery is satisfactory. I may plan to go for Gpad G2.
I purchased this product around 15 days ago. after using it for couple of week i must say that product is very good compare to its price. I problem is that Camera Quality is not upto mark. that requires some attention other than that i am satisfied with my purchase.
After using it for a week. Battery= Extremely good.Giving more than a day with moderate usage with 2g connection. Sensors= Ambient light sensors,proximity sensor, magnetic sensors all working properly.no problem faced. Gps=Good. Works every time even on 2g. Though it takes some time to get locked. Display= 4inch. Very good size for one handed operations.Look good even on Bright sunlight. Reception=Excellent.Both sims have good reception. Voice clarity is good. But ring tones are not loud enough but it still not that low. OTA update= Yes you can get ota update which you will not find in budget mmx or karbonn etc. Games=Most normal games will run temple run2 subway surfer but there is some lag faced due to only 100mb available RAM.After root Ram can be freed more. And performance will also increase. Wifi working very good. though to use hotspot You have to connect it to a computer first.(read FAQ on gionee india site). Airtel detects the phone and given configuration of GPRS automatically but TATA Docomo doesnot recongise it so you have to set up the access point in DOCOMO manually. With the box comes a hard case which is stylish and good. but screen protectors are very bad in quality. In one word very good budget phone just go for it. Last of all very speedy delivery from FLIPKART.
Give me a white one instead of Black one. This is not a rating description.Please provide a white color one instead of sending a black one,. I have selected a wrong color.
that is the one of the best phone under 6k...lot of features.....loke samsung galaxy duos...only one things rear cam is dull...but its under 6k phn.....
