MOBDPDWHHYGZZEYS
I bought this phone in Oct 2013 as a gift for my Mom. The Phone stopped charging in 2 months. It was with the Service centre for almost 2 months. I wrote several emails to the Company and followed up with several calls - no customer service support at all. Finally when the service center gave me a credit note - However the Lenovo supplier refuses to provide a replacement giving stupid reasons. Extremely unprofessional Company. I can show anyone the trail of 10 mails I have sent to Lenovo without a single reply.
Hanging many more times.Some times Blutooth connection not working.On travelling..If you are connect to your car..most of times disconnect unknownly.The big problem it is brightness reduce after 30 sec.In day time the disply cannot visible due to brightness reducing.If your increased for 30 min.for stay brightness..No use..after 30 sec..the brightneee collps.DONT PURCHASE....WASTE OF YOUR MONEY.
Pros- good battery life(way better than micromax) and battery backup is really important good touch responsiveness bright and crisp display Good camera(better than mircomax) Cons- Poor quality earphones(but you can buy other, I use samsung ones and they work great!) Less support available(you won't find its case and accessories easily, unless you have their officical center in yoru city) Overall, I would recommend it over all the inexpensive brands like mircomax, lava or karboon since it has very good battery backup, and configuration PS= I have given this review only after 2 weeks of usage. :)
I bought this 5 month back and since i the day, i am facing a problem of hanging. When it got hang, no display, no on/off button works. At every time, i unplug the battery and reboot it. Very low RAM. While opening 2-3 application, it show almost full utilization of RAM and gets hang. Dont buy this product. You can go for other lenovo phones with 1 GB of RAM like S660.
Handset is very cute, sounds of speaker and ear are very good, touch sensitivity are too smooth, battery capacity is also good...overall Lenovo A516 is very very good mobile from Lenovo. The service of Flipkart is as usual too fast and pack this product with very caring..Thanks to Flipkart.
with in a day delivery - excellent but the thing is GPS not working always its show searching and the main thing is internal memory is showing only 2.16 GB i dont know why.
This phone is truly amazing..much better than samsung and micromax phones...this is the best phone you will find at 9k PROS: 1.Amazing user interface..much different than samsung and micromax 2.Superb touch response 3.the lenovo smart battery is simply superb 4.voice quality and call quality is great.. 5.everything seems fun on phone 6.smooth and comfortable gaming..with no lags CONS: 1.The camera Quality is not as expected.. evrything else is perfect
The performance of this phone is too low. Hangs while sending mail and surfing. The camera is shitty.
i bought it from a retailer outside for 12000 including some software installations n some blah blah. at first i started regretting but while using i feel like it is ok but the camera is average because there is no flash n sometimes it gets hanged while playing games.it would have been better if flash is provided because most of the phones are having flash these days.the battery is very efficient.
Purchased in February 2014.Since then satisfactory performance.Good value for money.Excellent features at his price. Only negative thing is that Applications cannot be stored in external storage. overall experience is positive.
My experience with flipkart were awesome. Great commitment, prompt service, easy searching for products. The product Lenovo A516 is very good. Almost all features in a smartphone of Rs. 15,000 range in this product. Pricing for this in flipkart is awesome...Rs. 7499/-.. Keep going.
Thanks all for great review, not going for lenevo now. These are very real issues and need to be considered before buy the phone. I not considering lenevo now...........................................................................................
Much better than karbon and micromax. Best hardware for the price Camera should be auto focus that is only negative thing I found
Value for money. Only problem is faced is when we take out mobile after talking from ear ... it takes some time for display to come. Apart from that its super good mobile for this money.
this phone hanging many times a day and also stop working the lenovo launcher many times and not any solution for this problems so this is not good product of lenovo just worth of mony
I am using it past 3 months. Overall good built quality. Battery backup excellent. Can go for 2 days if not on 3g. Sometimes it hangs but you need to pay something for the features in less price. RAM could have been 1GB. But for me its o.k. Nice phone under 9K.
Got this phone a month back and it is definitely worth the price. Big display, good call quality, decent battery, responsiveness, good gaming experience are strong positives. However the camera could have been better.
As usual superb delivery by FlipKart regarding the phone, it is worth the investment. works perfectly. used more than a month. no problem so far. voice clarity is very good. movies playing great. watching youtube is a delight. regarding the battery, it should have been with more capacity. battery lasts for one full lenth movie only. if you use only for phone and browsing and email it lasts for two days.
I bought this phone because I didn't want to go for non branded phone and i am pretty satisfied with my decision. Build quality is great. Speakers are good. Used it for 3 weeks and has hanged only once. Pretty smooth. The UI is great and the power apps come in handy Camera is average. the head phones they provide is not up to the mark(work fine but not great) so while ordering this phone buy any good 3.5 mm jack. Dual sim works pretty well Altogether a very good phone at this price range.
Value for money Battery is good both at 2G & 3G Dual sim. stand by mode is ok. Touch screen response not as bad as I initially thought compare to samsung phones.
I have brought this phone and was very frustrated with default lenovo theme. It was eating up RAM upto 400MB... After installing Nova theme phone got smoother... Hanging issues where resolved. Lenovo has to work on their theme. Dialer is not as good as stock android dialer but free dialers are also available. So customizing this phone is necessary..... hence 4 star.... Phone is awesome..... Just awesome.... compact and smooth(After installing Nova theme).
It should not priced more than 6.k .ut really overpriced with the specifications it has. With this price it should have at least 1 gb ram and camera should have led flash.
Getting struck when i have installed just 6 useful apps,Music player is not good. better to go either Samsung or Nokia lumia for these range prices.
I bought this Lenovo A516 a week ago and it has been fine till nOw. Pros: 1) Although there is no flash for this 5MP camera,picture quality is awesome. Even front 0.3MP cam surprisingly takes clear pictures which you dont expect. 2) excellent battery back up 3)Lenova pre-installed apps are good. (There were few games, i deleted them on day-1, i hate gaming on mobiles) Cons: 1) I updated all the apps in the mobile, after using it for two days. Before update there was no Lag. Once I updated all the apps, something like 10-12 apps, My mobile started having lag. The lag is only when you open the main menu, from home screen. I dont know the reason, but anyone can help me out with this. 2) Its hard to find mobile cases, synthetic cover, flip covers in the market. Even Karbonn mobile's covers are available not this one. Hope we get the covers in the market soon.
Using this hndset for last 2weeks. Pros: Good Display No hanging issues so far Good battery back up Fit in your pocket Fast processor Cons: Biggest drawback for this model is its insufficient ram.You need to empty the ram too frequently, which is really frustrating. Issuue with FM radio signal reception aswell sound quality. Auto tuning didnt work after firmware upgrade.
Pros- Good battery backup Good touch response Good display and design Light weight. Cons- Bad camera (Fixed Focus) You can't move apps to SD card Poor quality earphones Unavailable Accessories. Less user friendly ( There is no option to select multiple files at a time to move or copy from one location to another) Still i didn't observed any lag.
