MOBDH9S9GVGTNZ2D
After all comparisons of phone at 10k I decided to go for this. It has superb display, average camera, non laggy interface, 720p video playback, good design. Everything awesome in this price..... U ll never regret unless the single core processor it s really smooth ram s ok for d price. Just go for it guys! Thumbs up LG! Pros: -Superior display -Non Laggy interface -Good battery -Awsm looks Cons: -Average camera.
Guys trust me you will never regret for buying this mobile. Please go and feel on any of the store. It has superb display and nice interface,and phone was very well designed. within 15k it's one of the best handsets. Simply loving it:)
Believe me its a fantastic phone. Go for it if your price range is below 10K. Its really worth for each penny. Its display is brilliant you will love it for sure....................................................................................................................
I have been using this mobile since one year. My battery got damaged and the charge pin was also damaged. when I took to the service centre they said that there is nothing problem in your mobile. I gave it in a repair shop they replaced the pin bought a new charger bought a new battery but still the problem is not rectified. The service is bad the phone is very very worse. please dont buy the phone.
I brought this mobile with the reviews I read but to my surprise it was not that great mobile. It had the same mainstream features as other mobiles which could come in half the price of this. I feel look at other options than this one.!
nice mobile and I received from flipkart in 2 days upgraded to jelly been official update from LG and it became more nice display quality performance all worth for 10K compared to Samsung what am using previously battery back up and camera quality good .
firstly, tis is a mid range phone at 10k, its a perfect one at tis price.i bought it 45 days back, and i'm not fully satisfied, video recording is very bad, but its very good for photos. Cannot play 1080 hd videos. 512MB ram is quite gud, but a single core processor, please go for lg l7 if u r affordable, finally its a nice one with some pots...
