MOBDQ22YUJ8ZFXKW
Pretty Average phone. Pros: Android Jelly Bean Large Screen Good Touch Response. Cons (They are a lot!!!) 1. NO 3G 2. NO GPS 3. Only 512 MB RAM (400 Usable) so forget gaming. 4. Very Slow and sloppy. 5. Extremely Poor Battery Life 6. Poor Speaker phone. With all these shortcoming this phone demands MicroSim. My wife has ace duos which is a much better phone but has smaller screen and touch is not very good. I bought this phone just for 3 months so its ok.
This is a good release from Samsung at compititive price. I bought the phone 1 week ago locally, and quite happy with overall performance of the phone. It is a good phone with android functioning, useful for those who want to shift from basic button based phones to touch screen use - the no-nonsense phone !!!! Apps such as Whatsapp work smoothly. The pros are : 1. Simple operating system. 2. internal memory of 4 GB which is quite sufficient for General Use ofcourse can be expanded upto 32 GB externally. 3. 2 MP camera is quite clear & satisfactory, video quality is also good. 4. 512 MB RAM which is more than other phone brands at same pricing, although its not more but is sufficient. 5. Sound quality is good. The cons are: 1. No 3G support for internet, although 2G surfing is good experience. 2. Requires 'kies' software for connecting phone to pc ( freely available on samsung site) so everytime you connect to different pc, you have to install the software first. 3. Battery drains a little fast. 4. Requires Micro-sim. Instead of these cons I will suggest to go for this phone, rather than going for cheaper branded chinese phones.
I m using this mobile since 5 month and belive me i have never seen a worst battry back phone before buying star pro! My friend,s spice dual core has even better battry backup than this. Pros:- 1.) looks fantastic and feels gud in hand! 2.)Best 4inch display at this range 3.)brand value cons:-1.)worst battry backup around 10hrs with modrate usage! 2.)cheap 1ghz cortex a5 processor shud be atlest cortex a7. Can not even play subway surfer lag free 3.)touch freezes frequently nd have to lock nd unlock again! 4.)only 2mp camera i recommond to invest 1k more nd buy nokia x, or 1.5k more nd buy moto E. Otherwaise buy karbon a12star or micromax phones at this range because of gud batry backup nd way better performance!!!
purchased this mobile fromFLIPKART at same price.... this mobile is for those people who wants android os applications at lower price point from a branded company like samsung... everything works fine...and yes you can play temple run smoothly but subway surfers lags a lot.... Display angle is not so good.... Volume is also low...... but internet rocks.... I decided to have a extra battery to carry ... FINAL CONCLUSION :- IF YOU ARE INTERSTED TO USE FACEBOOK,GMAIL,WHATSAPP,LIVE,INTERNET SURFING.....THEN PERFECT...BUT WANT TO PLAY GAMES.....IGNORE IT!
Quick and Safe Delivery by Flipkart..can trust to buy online About the mobile: Pro's: 1. Good Size in hand and key board 2. Calling feature is good on Dual Sim 3. All features are good Con's 1. Phone gets heated on long call/game 2. Not compatible to install many bank apps 3. Sound clarity is poor for music lovers
awesum phone... in love with it. whatsapp hike.. very good.. big phone.. awesumm phone. y buy costly 1s if we can get dus phone in such a low price... very nice looking..
I got this phone for only Rs.5190. Same day I inquired for it in the market. It was being sold for 5900.
i think its a good phone for all purpose.. camera quality is good compare to lava, htc, micromax or other android phone at this price live wallpaper & games are running smoothly internal memory (4gb) is enough for storage battery backup is good over all great phone at this price.. i am fully satisfied!!
This review is after using the phone for 1 month. Firstly a great thank you to flipkart for its timely delivery. Now coming to the phone, its a good piece, has the same feel of any other samsung phone. Same built quality, a lot of plastic. The screen is decent, Not very great viewing angles, but good for the price. The main problem with the phone is that Samsung has filled it with so much bloatware. So many unwanted and unnecessary application. First thing that you have to do after buying this phone is disable all the unwanted apps, after that the phone runs fine, otherwise it is super duper slow. The camera is decent for its segment. Loud speakers. Good voice clarity. As of now the battery also runs fine. All in all i would recommend this phone ONLY to those who will use it for its basic functions and NOT for the intense phone users. PROS: 1. Screen size. 2. Loud speakers. 3. Screen resolution. 4. Decent battery life. 5. Once all the samgung bloatware is disabled its smooth to use. CONS: 1. Way too much bloatware. 2. Built quality- Applies to all samsung phones.
A good featured phone in an affordable price. If you are a game lover, then this fone may disappoint you as games like temple run, subway suft etc, get stuck while playing. But those people who just want to have a good android fone for internet and other application, can go for it blindly. Although the camera is 2mp, the clarity of the picture is just awesome. Big screen and touch system are the plus point of this phone. Overall a gud buy for anyone who are new to android.
This is a great phone for medium usage individual. I bought 2 in pair for my parents and they like it, however for heavy usage this should not be bought as there is less than 500MB RAM making it too slow with multiple apps running at same time.
battery of this phone is weak, and some times when we use any app it hacks in between excluding this all the things are nice. at last i want to say that it is cheap and best because you can 't get this type of phone which is designed by samsung, if you get also you can't believe on that brands which are just passing clouds.
good phone in low budget.i really enjoy with this phone.all the basic and important applications in thisphone.
Important Advantages: 1. Big Screen 2. Good Quality Display 3. Android OS 4.1.2(Jelly Bean) Important Disadvantages: 1. No GPS 2. No Proximity Sensor(this might not look like a major disadvantage when you are not using the phone. It has got a default lock screen feature when you answer a call or call someone. Its really time consuming and irritating to unlock the phone to End the call after every phone call.) 3. Low RAM (only ~125mb is available for downloaded apps, rest is used by the system) Conclusion: BUY IT IF YOU ARE A VERY CASUAL PHONE USER and want a big screen phone with good OS. Also, there is extreme lag while setting up the phone. RAM is just enough for 2-3 favorite apps of yours. Avoid it if you are an app enthusiast, you cannot stuff internal memory with apps, you will run out of RAM.
Flipkart have mention that it has 512 ram but when i checked i found 430 ram. Battery: battery charging is good it take maximum 2 hrs some mins to complete charging from 1 % to 99%. But if are playing any game like car racing then battery goes down fast. .. than using internet... You can listen all day song and keep talking but have to charge in evening. But you can't play game all day only one charging i think there is no one who would play game all day....and while playing game it get heated .... overall battery is average. Display : display is good touch screen is good and smooth... camera : camera quality is super fine at 2 mega pixel ... Overall it is good..... on this price
NICE PHONE AND THE BEST PRICE IN FLIPKART I BUY THIS BEFORE TWO DAYS. PHONE PERFORMANCE IS ALSO GOOD.. BUY IT
1ST I WOULD THANK FLIPKART FOR ITS EXCELLENT DELIVERY AS I GOT THIS PRODUCT LESS THAN 48 HOURS. PROS: 1. 4IN SCREEN 2. ANDROID 4.1.2 JELLY BEAN 3. TOUCH IS GOOD 4. NET SPEED IS GOOD 5. CAMERA (2MP = 3.2MP MICROMAX) 6.LESS THAN 6.5K CONS: 1. NO 3G 2. CANNOT PLAY HIGH GRAPHICS GAME AS IT LAGS 3. ONLY 512MB RAM 4 .BATTERY DRAINS FAST 5. NO SCREEN GUARD WITH THE PHONE 6. NO CABLE CORD FOR TRANSFERING DATA 7. SKIES SOFTWARE HAS TO BE DOWNLOADED FROM THE NET 8. REQUIRES MICROSIM 9. NO FRONT CAM 10.NO VIDEO CALLING FINAL THOUGHTS: THIS PHONE IS MEANT FOR STUDENTS WHO WANTS TO READ PDF DOCS. AND FOR BROWSING PURPOSE AND OTHER EDUCATIONAL MEANS. IM USING IT FOR MY EDUCATIONAL PURPOSE AND ITS SERVING ME. SO THINK ABOUT UR NEEDS BEOR BUYING
the phone is very good.at this price we are getting android jelly bean 1ghz processor 512md ram! 32gb expandable memery 2mp cam 4inch touch screen!!! nw the price hs decreased to 6020 whn i bought it frm flipkart it ws 6590!!! performance is goof apps like talking tom temple run 1 , 2 runs easily without getting hanged!!! u cn even check ur current loaction by sing google maps no need of GPS!! 2g internet is a little bit slower than 3g!! MICRO sim is needed for this device!!sound and music quality for ana android phone for this price is very good! software update to 4.2.2 cn be done!! movies video songs cn be enjoyed very easily with the big 4inch screen then motion gaming and many more!!! The only thing I dont like about this phone is that it has a very short battery life talk time is 15hrs u hve to chrge ur phn for atlest 1hour a day!! If you dnt wnt GPS, cam Flash, Front Cam, then u cn surely go for this device!!!
Everything's good about the phone for the price. Battery power could have been better. I love this mobile phone. Samsung is the best for me.
I have purchased this is just 10 days ago....so experience of 10 days is below- Samsung Galaxy Star Pro is a decent entry level smart phone packed with good features. It is a "value for money" device and the right choice for a starter. Disadvantages : Even though it is a dual SIM phone, both are 2G compatible. Samsung could have provided the option of both 2G & 3G. There is no front camera and hence, video chat is not possible (any ways, this feature will work only with 3G). Resolution of the rear camera is only 2 MP, which is very low as compared to the currently prevailing industry standards. Advantage : 1. Simple operating system. 2. internal memory of 8 GB which is quite sufficient for General Use ofcourse can be expanded upto 32 GB externally. 3. Motions are good 4. 512 MB RAM which is more than other phone brands at same pricing, although its not more but is sufficient. 5. Sound quality is good.
This phone has a single core processor. Always hangs. Dont even think of buying this phone in ur dreams.
I bought this phone before one yr the phone is nice but has following failure 1) cant play full hd videos 2) can not play games like subway surface 3) battery standby is less
looks like a typical samsung phone but..... main problem with this phone its just lags a lot. this phone is damn slow, it always irritates you. my advice dont buy it.go off branding if you are tight on budget.
hello friends,i have been using this phone since 2 years .i had buyed this phone when it was released because of my excitement to buy a smartphone.i have judged and observed this phone a lot since The features of this phone is- --dual sim wifi connectivity,3g browsing but not 3g supported, smart look best security features supports more apps of android screen lock features 4gb rom,512 mb rom the demerits are- doesn't have 3g capability no front camera large apps are not supported 4gb rom but 2gb already occupied 512 ROM but half of it already occupied browsing more apps slows down the mobile sometimes it hangs up back camera quality is also not so good i think if you have some extra money then buy a better one but at this price it is best phone.
i bought this phone last year from flip kart at a price 5639 and its pretty well if compared with price it is a little slow because of less ram but if u are searching for an android phone with a cheaper price this phone is awesome (y)
its good,but can't be said better than other galaxy series phones.mainly it consumes too much charge and for its 512mb ram it can not perform faster.hangs frequently and i will suggest buyers not to buy it.but for less use its a good phone to handle.
The phone is good for normal use . But this is not for heavy smartphone users . Whatsapp , Chrome & UC Browser work fine , Wifi connectivity is good . Under normal use( Voice calls and messaging) battery lasts for about 2 days . But once you use internet, it drains quite quickly . multi Tasking on this phone isn't recommended . aHowever you might wish to change the launcher to nova launcher . But I must say - the phone is quite durable . I've dropped water on it and it also fell from my hands but it's still working . Those who are complaining about the absence of a proximity sensor , you can enable "The Power Key Ends Calls" in settings . Go to settings-Accessibility-Answering/Ending Calls and tick "The Power Key Ends Calls". I haven't tried gaming on this phone though . And I didn't buy this from Flipkart.
this mobile is contains good features. but the processor just sucks. even the music players don't work properly
I bought this phone in January 2014 for about 6500 (including the accessories) , and voila! within a few months motorola comes out with Moto E at almost similar price with almost double the specs and way better performance. It has been a long and regretful journey from that point onwards. THIS phone is SLOW with a capital S (and an L and an O and a W). Even if you keep more than a few apps installed (without opening them) basic functionalities like calling and messaging (You don't even have to go upto whatsapp) start lagging. Facebook and whatsapp have distinct lags from 5 seconds to 10 seconds (if they do not end up "not working" and force you to close them). It isn't the case all the time, but hey, if a lightweight app like whatsapp is hanging even twice in a row, then what is the point in using Android? Games like temple run 1 and candy crush saga run with suitable lags, hangs and cause you to lose lots of lives/runs because of that. I have to purposedly lose a few times in temple run till the phone starts to run the game faster (sort of like a warmup session) Using the internet browser is a dream. You will give up after a few tries as the phone keeps ignoring what you type. Battery drops to 50% in about 5 hours of moderate but continuous usage (as in, messaging but no gaming). Heats up like a toaster if kept on charge for too long. I have actually been able to show some magic tricks on this phone to my friends, like typing on the phone and then magically waving my hands in the air as the letters appear 5-8 seconds later (for all messaging provisions in the phone) Haven't really been able to use any app beyond the basics, that too being a considerable test of my patience. If this is the phone you choose for experiencing android, remember, it's better to not have a car, rather than have one with an engine that breaks down every few kilometres. Recommendation: If your mom/dad or anyone you intend to buy this for is not that tech savvy, and just wants to use whatsapp and viber and the likes, then get this phone for them and make sure they dont install anything else and dont download too much via whatsapp. Tech ppl can understand the lags that this phone faces, but for others it might seem that the phone has stopped working. NOT recommended for normal people. I hope flipkart takes this review sportingly and doesn't consider it too personal, as they themselves recommend to "Be yourself, be informative, Let your personality shine through"
its better but the internet wiil set 3G i will more better than that it is more lookpiece also, i think t willreach your expactatitons
yes......its waste of money......it does'nt have capacity to play full hd videos 2 mp cam.................... not 3G.................... poor ram....................
Cons :- Battery is measure drawbacks of this mobile else everything is fine. Good to have in minimum price.
Really very good phone at this price You get more or less everything you want.The main feature is 133dpi 4inch capacitive screen at this price from SAMSUNG although it runs in 2g Network but net experience is good in opera mini browser but this phone is not for gaming . If you want to use android at this price this phone is good..
bought it to gift. good fone for starters who are new to android smart phones.small applications, games work fine on the device...................
runs smooth but battery back up is very bad its take too much time to charge and discharge very soon if u r using net.we cant play games in this phone it get hang every moment when we play..but net runs smothly..redme is far better in this range
I dont know why they make these gadgets when they cant even run an OS properly on it. This phone hangs a lot. Takes hell lot of time to charge. Android is no good on these phones. Should have had a symbian OS in it. 0 Star for this phone. Windows is far much better than android in terms of performance with same configuration.
I NEED A GOOD PHONE WITHOUT ANY TROUBLE SET. AS YOU HAVE MENTIONED 15 HRS.BATTERY WITH BILL AT DELIVERY I WANT.
A perfect gift material Economical, Attractive and value for money, recommended for regular use........................................................
wifi direct is provided but it doesn't work . you cannot share things by wifi direct.. moreover it also doesn't have stopwatch table clock "essential". no default music player.. except these three things phone is worth .. i love my phone..:)
Initially I was delivered a faulty mobile and I got it replaced, though the experience was not so good but the phone is the worth the money spent.
It doesn't work properly,poor battery life,automaticaly it will hang..... No 3G connection..... This mobile doesn't support games..... bt totally waste of money.... Plz stop this product... Be carefull Buyers..... Don't buy this product.
i had bought this mobile in local market.. 1. its battery life is poor i will give 3 stars to it. 2. to play games like temple run its getting slow so 2 stars 3. internet browsing speed is good so 4 stars 4. only 400 Ram is available out off 512mb Finally, it is good and not bad but try to improve..........
This phone is the best phone its sound quality is good And its price is also reasonable it is a good phone.......
For those who do not want to play any games....do not want to take good pictures.....only good for calling and messaging. Very slow (512mb ram)
Its a good product for basic application. If you love to play game then this phone is not for you but if u love social networking then its not a bad product in this range.
For this price range this is the best buy. Its for those people who wants to use branded android phones at lower price range.
Pros - Brand SAMSUNG Cons - Pathetic Battery(4-5hours with 2g data alone, NO music,NO wifi,NO camera usages) - Poor Camera - Poor Touch screen sensitivity - App Crashes due to insufficient RAM
i am using this from the month of April...till now its functioning well... display quality is awesome...camera is good...processing speed is nice.. but the only drawback is its battery life...you cannot play a lot of games.. battery will drain quickly... on the whole a good phone at this price...
Found product quality good after using this phone for months. Prompt delivery by Flipkart even to a small town where I live. I regularly buy stuff from Flipkart I'd recommend it over Ebay anyday, it's only competitor is Amazon.
Have been shopping with flipkart for quite some time and they just keep on getting better. Purchased the samsung galaxy star pro as desired a gud budget phone.
Its a great set . I got it for my mom on her birthday .. she loved it and she has been using since ... its lacks a bit ... meh ... what phone doesn't ?? :P... go for it if u have a low budget .
Open an app... Hang.. Hang.. Hang.. It automatically takes pictures and sends the images to my whatsapp contacts, even when the phone is locked. It automatically calls unknown numbers listed in the recent call register. In simple, it's better in doing worst.. Better go for Moto E or ASUS Zen Phone.. I don't find anything positive about this phone.. Dear Samsung, please stop this DABBA CHINA phones..
Its a excellent product from Samsung for this price. You can go ahead for buying, if you are not a game addict.
please go for it you cant get better than this in this price and such a well known brand.its camera quality is amazing,it has no lags,its touchis very smooth and i dont think there is any drawback of this phone................................................................................................................................................
it is a jelly bean os 4.2 1ghz processor 512mb ram performance is better ok
Lookwise it is same as other samsung phone.Specifications are not too high but its good phone for light uses..!!!
Really a good product of the this price range, but the real problem is the speed of the mobile. If you are someone who loves to install too many apps and try too many things, then this is not the mobile that you are looking for. But apart from this, this is a nice piece for mobile to have for any one.
Well for a guy like me who belongs to the middle class strata of the society,this was my first smart phone.And i was not expecting anything monumental of this phone but atleast i was hoping that it runs smoothly.But sadly that didnt happen.This device uses 75-80% of RAM on normal basis,which makes the phone to hang continuously.I just didnt get the reason as to why it is utilizing so much RAM.Other than that all the cons have been covered by the fellow buyers.If possible can anyone let me know as to how to lower the ram usage?If you open 3-4 apps back to back and then there is an incoming call,this phone hangs,it simply hangs.Other than that this phone is fine.All the apps are fine.
One the microwave in pocket mobile if u charge it get heated up. if u make a call its get heated up. if u use a app its get heated up. battery life very low. cam very poor quality. sound too low in loudspeaker. Instead moto E i best in this class.
in short i would like to say i purchased this mobile for my wife and it is working fine all i can say abt this set is "u get wht u pay" it was a good deal in 5500/- price
price very good it is big thing that u r using Samsung in 5500 price good phone, good storage negative reason this phone is only 2g support hang problem is high camera only 2mp and dont have any flash or front camera but all over this phone is best who those are not using high games and only wants to enjoy android
Samsung Galaxy Star Pro S7262 is very well ,But media player and other apps not working fastly, camara result not success.
Pros: 1. 4" Display, with resolution same as that of S Duos. 2. Good battery life.. when it is used as a basic android phone, by limited number of apps installed and used, like whatsapp, facebook, chrome, opera, etc., this phone gives a backup of 1 day or even more, on one charge. 3. Dual Standby sim. 4. 1 Ghz processor. 5. Supports Wifi Hotspot 6. Samsung branding Cons: 1. No 3G. This disappointed me a lot. 2. Camera. Average Camera, poor quality. 3. 512 MB RAM. I have to kill apps from task manager to make the phone run smooth. 4. Not the phone for games, or high end mobile users who do alot of multitasking. 5. No sensors at all. Conclusion: A good phone for Mom, or Younger brother or sister, who want to have their 1st experience of android, or who have to mainly use the phone for calling purpose, with some apps like whatsapp & facebook. The screen size and 233 ppi display puts this phone in the run.
I bought this phone as my friend had bought the same, not from Flipkart, but other store. His phone doesn't has the issues as I have. First of all, I think the digitizer of the phone is poor... It taps itself ! and double tapping to access In-Call features, doesn't work. I was so fed up that I had to enable power button for ending call, and home button for accepting ! Even then, when call had ended, the phone taps itself and opens stuffs... and it will correct only after a power button off, and power button on... which actually took 5 times more than the display re-appeared normally. Second, Flipkart gave me a stock of March 2014, as there was an Airtel offer on the box and it was mentioned the offer valid only till 31 March 2014. And I got this phone on 4th July. Third, the earphone never work. Though it shows for 2-3 seconds that earphone has connected, and then, IDK what happens ! Radio shows earphones not connected, and musics also do not support earphones. Fourth, Factory Setups does not fix auto tapping and eaphone problems.... so Finally I have requested for Return and Refund, and now I am buying Moto E. Take this review seriously, and you should wait and decide well, do not be in a haste to buy. I respect everyone's excitement for buying a smartphone, but more than that, I hate such bad performance. Good Day !
I have got on last staurday(19th of july) and it is a nice piece and worth to buy on this price but only draw back is 512 MB RAM
I was quite happy with those phones which have java interface. They were good, even if the games weren't of that quality, But OK!! People can go for them. Being a continuous user of Java interfaced Phones, This was my first Android and the worst mistake. I had reviewed some androids, that belonged to my friends. I was quite happy with the speed. But this phone is worst, So i am going to use this just for picking up calls and an E-book reader.
Got this product from flipkart at an amazing prize. The product is very good and i really satisfied with it.
Extremely disappointing performance, unbelievably slow. Lags a lot. The RAM should have been higher. I guess Asus could be a better alternative.
This set comes with very good combination of features @ affordable price and much more by a well known brand SAMSUNG. .. Very Very Good Touch, Very Nice Speed, Battery is also good. But one little worst thing....such a big company like samsung is not providing screen gaurd inside package whether other companies like micromax, xolo, karbon are providing it.
So cute desgin, nice voice clarity, touch is awesome for this price. lighter in weight, great features and built quality is good i like it very much. This is a very good smart phone from Samsung. VERY GOOD OFFER FROM WS Retail. THANKS A LOT to Flipkart Team.
Not so crispy display but worth the price. Memory is not enough to play games without hanging of the games.
product is good for first time smart phone and or touch phone users like me. price is reasonable and prompt delivery. very good
I got this at 6K 5months back and trust me I wasted all the money in this crap phone. 512M of RAM is not at all enough for this fone, its hangs most of the time and it gets restarted if you do any form of multitasking. I have restored it to factory setting but nothing has changed. This phone cannot be called as a smartfone in any ways. Moto E is much better than this. Please don't buy this phone.
My phone is a week old, Time is well adjusted, Whatsapp says your location and time is incorrect... :(
Awesome Mobile Phone Awesome Delivery keep it up. The phone has good looks , affordable and the best available at this price. Best of all it comes with a Samsung branding.
i bought this as a gift for my sister on her birthday and must say it is the best mobile available at such a low price!
camera quality is good. Samsung android as always supports most of the apps. Talking about flipkart's delivery, they are awesome. Too fast. Really Thanks flipkart!!
please dont buy this phone .it is completely waste of money .this phone hangs too much .every application opens after 2-3second later .no apps runs smoothly .call dialer ,gallery ,any game apps, opens after certain time .IT MADE ME VERY SLOW or SLUGGISH DONT BUY
This product will break all records in mid-range phone segment provided Samsung doesn't increase its price.
This device has only 1Ghz single core processor so multi tasking encountered huge rams and cache which is difficult to handle by 1Ghz single core processor and to fix the ram the phone turns automatically off. This device lags too. battery back up is vry bad..
Pretty Good and satisfied. A good phone within a minimum budget with all the basic requirements. I will recomend this product if you wants to buy a new handset. For game-addiscted people its not a good option but for normal users its good. WS Retailers Pvt. Ltd. doing a great job. Impressive service by eKart.
BOUGHT THIS PHONE THROUGH FLIP KART DELIVERY WAS ON TIME AS USUAL, PHONE HAS THE APT FEATURES THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THE BATTERY LIFE
seriously i am very disappointed on this products. its always hung and keep restarting. i did 4/5 times reset. even though the performance of the products is not at all good. if flipkart replace the product. i will be happy to take some other product like motoE?
This mobile is simply awesome given the price range under which it falls. The display is crisp. Interface is commendable. This mobile is very fast also. It is truly a value for the price product. Overall excellent quality.
Excellent phone regarding to this price tag, I have given to my cousin. She is highly satisfied as a new android user with her medium usage.
it simply great then other company in this price and its battery is better than other model now i will purchase samsung s5
it was nice phone..........................................................................................................
This works real good for basic usage like Whatsapp, fb, twitter... Not for gameoholics... it hangs a bit...but just a cache cleaner installed and it works smooth..
This is a good release from Samsung at compititive price. I bought the phone 1 week ago locally, and quite happy with overall performance of the phone. It is a good phone with android functioning, useful for those who want to shift from basic button based phones to touch screen use - the no-nonsense phone !!!! Apps such as Whatsapp work smoothly. Thanks Harjot
It is Very Good Product for the Basic mobile users and nice touch. Its really Value for the Money which Samsung has launched
this is good product according to its price... it may be hang..if many application installed. overall it's good product
Good Product for the Price. Good body, Screen clarity and speed. Big screen size. Fast delivery by Flipkart. Worth a buy.
I received This product on 17th april 2014. Within 2 months the charger stopped working. when i went to samsung service center they are not responding correctly. They are speaking rudely with all customers. My suggestion to all is to choose mobile other then samsung . I think Samsung have reached such a height, so their product are becoming poorer and customer service is even worse. They might have forgot that to reach till that height we customers were responsible.
Purchased on April... Good one... Bigger screen.. Android Jelly bean.. user friendly... only problem I found is the battery getting hot when plugged on charger (no prob on Cable-PC) and battery back up... rest all good at this price... But still am heart-broke.. bcz if wait for 1 more month, so that I can order MotoE... :-(
Good phone within range of 5000-5700. touch is not very fast though. 4 Inches display and Dual sim is an advantage where you have to scarified 3G and flash light. Battery back up is poor. Overall one Can buy if you are looking for a decent phone within this budget.
Genuine product I have received at my door step. Perfect phone for those who want low budget smart phone in which every apps should work. Thanks to flipkart.
the phone is very good.at this price we are getting android jelly bean 1ghz processor 512md ram! 32gb expandable memery 2mp cam 4inch touch screen!!! nw the price hs decreased to 6020 whn i bought it frm flipkart it ws 6590!!!
What you get is decent phone within a good price range, has great features and good value for money, as samsung has a good after sale service quality.
Good phone within 5000 range. touch is not very fast though. but samsung is always like that. dual sim is an advantage. but one prob is that play store is taking a very long time to load. on either sim net connection. But browser speed is good. Can buy if you are looking for a decent phone within budget.
it was wonderful experience to purchase to flipkart.com... i dont know hot to express the happiness... there is no words....
good choice within this range moreover needless to mention flipkart delivery again its super. except 3G everything is fantastic
I had purchased this phone...Performence of this phone is poor and battery backup is horreble....Phone got hanged and heatup during the call and gaming. i advice not go for Samsung phone. Samsung used cheap quality battery in phone which work only for first 6-7 month and after warrenty battery not worked and you have to purchase new battery.
Its really a very nice phone for this price. Functionality is good and very nice for use for elders. Lacks A-GPS and front camera, but overall best phone for the price it comes at.
Flipkart should mention clearly what they will deliver in box. I received this mobile today but there is no datacable inside. When I called them they told it was not mention in site. Boss first of all you only mention product specification in site. you should clearly mention what will you deliver. Pros: Good video quality compare to this range mobiles. Cons: As usual all Samsung phones are waste same hang problem in this too. worst software and battery back up. Waste Camera. Since when battery and software of an mobile is not good then purchasing is waste only. I don't know when Samsung will improve their quality.
I have been using this product since 2 months , and its my first touchscreen phone. it is very smooth and easy to use especially for new people to touchscreen. looks: it looks as comparable to expensive Samsung phones.. 5 stars for looks.. not a single person told it to be bad :-) delivery: flipkart delivery awesome as always.. till now we are one of their happy customers from long time .. speed: average and can run daily needed apps and basic games efficiently not superb .. camera: its 2 mp no flash just like basic camera in keypad phone models.. not crystal clear .. kaam chalau .. I should say.. but u cant ask for 3 or 5 mp in this range.. battery: so talking bout battery.. it was vey tired at beginning.. used to run down like 1% in 1 min..... than contacted costumer care and acc. to them ..I first fully emptied the battery (played games a lot ;-) ) and then charged it fully without interruption ..... repeated it 3 times ( total empty, total full battery) and battery become little strong and now it runs according to how much I work on phone :-) :-) apps : nothing preinstalled ,, everything has to be installed .. no 3g only 2g.. overall , a good phone if needed at low price range under Samsung and for beginners who can experiment on android patform like experimenting on old car.. and can then improvise to better phone .. thanks
i had ordered this mobile at 7:30pm and received it the next day at 3:15 p.m. awesome speed delivery. The packaging was also great. thank u......................
Really superb delivery time. Salute to Flipkart services. Next about the phone- Its really fast with application switching. Fast file transfer and processing. Nice phone from Samsung. I am really happy to use this.
for the price it is available at its a sure great deal good phone - simple ans u get a good brand only one major drawback - no flash for cam -that was something they could have added As for flipkart -excellent service -u guys r the best
I used it only for very short time as I bought it for my mother. Although it seems good but I soon realized that its touch has some problem. Sometimes, automatically some of the options are selected automatically as if someone is actually using those option. I am really frustrated now. Going to go to service center to get it checked.
this is very good phone. good camera of 2mp nice photo clearity. battery backup is awesome. in the range of 5000-10000 i think this one is best.
Superb service by flipkart. And reasonable rate as compared to the retail shops. And a decent phone by Samsung. If any issues we dont have to worry as we have many service centers of samsung in areas.
i m a upgrade person to have this Mobile thx to Flipkart for cheaper than other i m really glad to say becoz of Flipkart i hav this mobile feeling good
Thanks! Flipkart for speedy delivery. Purchased to be gifted, delivered well within time. I have nothing -ve to say. In that meager amount, its an excellent product to be shopped through fKart. Best wishes.........
super option for budgeted mobile. super processor. bright display 4GB internal memory. Not good for camera, not supporting 3G. very handy, light weight, best option for starting level phone.
This phone is an excellent product in this price range. Although one can find phones from Micromax etc with better features for this price, the build quality of those phones will be extremely poor. The only disappointment in this phone is that the display looks a bit pixelated.
Instead of going for 15 K phones, if you need basic android phone from the world leader brand, this is the best choice..nice phone, decent batter, processor is good, screen is good and yes it is very handy - not like struggling to handle 5 inch display phones.. All and all - a nice phone from Samsung for basic users like me (call/SMS/internet and music)
No battery backup with new phone it is a bad quality or re-used battery supplied very poor back up very poor hanging problem wasting of money (chef price and chef product)
I just purchased "Samsung Galaxy Star Pro S7262" from Flipkart. Flipkart timely delivered the phone in 1 day by charging Rs.150, which is quiet reasonable for me. Regarding phone features I am satisfied with the Camera & Video quality. For me for 5k range this is the best phone with brand.
Very fabulous look & looking like a expensive fone.. 1. Touch response is smooth. 2.No hanging problem.. But lags sometimes. 3.Ear phone sound quality is very gud. 4.But RAM disappointed me. Anyway awesome fone.
The Product Specifications speaks the story... Amazing Built Quality. Useful Hardware / Decent RAM, Internal Memory, UI Exp. I purchase this phone for my Dad and he loves it... All of the above Its made by Samsung so no Chinesse phone type feel The Phone is valued for money... Cons ------- A bit of lag especially when you play Games i.e. Subway Surfer etc.
Really Nice.. Its worth to buy in Flipkart... Battery only problem.. the charge get down quickly... Always have keep the charger.
gd phone around this range PROS : Display awesome stylish cam 2mp still gud CONS battery drains faster ! very LOW ram ! but Its a gud phone from a branded company like samsung can't give you more than this on this price range ! GO FOR IT !
Very Good phone and value for money. Price is very reasonable. speed for application is OK. Voice clarity and camera is good in the range. I am happy with the product
A good mobile around 5K. The processor is comparatively low, however suitable for basic purposes, otherwise a nice device in moderate budget.
Samsung Galaxy Star Pro is a nice budget phone..nice 4 inch display which is upto Samsung Standards. Though absence of 3G is missed. Selected this for the excellent Samsung After Sale Service. Phone came impeccably packed and as usual Flipkart was QWIK.
i bought this sell phone frm flipkart...but this phone's battery is so poor....and i want buy any onther mobile in place of this....
I'm Using This Phone and Guys this is called Paisa Wasool.... product reached me before expectations...
very good mobile at this price tag.almost every things are supported by this.but the battery is not sufficient for that kind of mobs.but overall that's value for money.
The product was brand new as per description & the shipping was much faster that to within 3 days of booking. Superb flip cart......
great phone for those who want to use android apps but only for a short span . after that even the games start to work by stopping in between . temple run worked fine for first time but now it often stops. poor battery life.
I bought this, but was not almost satisfied with the camera performance. one video sample is https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hmj2kJzVrr0
The Loudspeaker voice is very low. Still to explore the phone... Airtel SIM card inserted on 10th Apr'14.(First use since I had no time to obtain Micro SIM in lieu of normal SIM) There is a advertisement from Samsung that 1GB data free for six months on purchase of Samsung Galaxy Pro s7262. Airtel customer care says it will take 72 hours to activate this offer. But no news even after 72 hours passed. No confirmation from Airtel that they have activated this offer. Flipkart has changed its delivery priorities which is a surprise for not so good reasons.
it was good in all aspects....like packaging..delivery time..i recommend flipkart to all.............
its my first android phone.this was given in a least price and even flipkart helpped me a lot news to customer:- whenever you buy mobiles buy from flipkart
The product is not so good..There is some problem with the internet access using it.It worked well for a day but the 2nd day it was all troublesome.
I Will suggest to all of my friend not to buy any Samsung mobiles. All are third class while using it. Outside view is great but inside flop.
Excellent phone. Solid battery. No cons so far considering the configuration. Got it in 3 days, thank you flipkart. Also the cheapest rate online from Flipkart
Flipkart delivered on the 2 day of ordering (standard delivery)..really fast! Good work!!! The mobile is a replica to the high end phones...its budget one cheap & best. With the technology changing so fast, if you planning for gifting to your dad or planning to own for few years, then this is the right choice. 4 inch screen with 1ghz processor (seems ok for the price) / 4GB internal memory with 512mb RAM makes the phone the best in the segment. Picture clarity is good...I would recommend to get one for the budget range of 5-6k.
I have received the shipment well within the deadline. Hope to do the business again.This phone is quite user friendly and don't have any issue to use even by the older people.
Best phone if you want to use android os...then other normal phones...u can use 2g net for fb watsapp etc.
I gifted it to my dad and boy, should have seen the expression on his face. Priceless !!! It has a big capacitive screen, radio and all the usual features. Fantastic. Flipkart service, again awesome.
This is one of the superb product for Rs.5337/- which i had bought this week. Dispay and the speed is very good.
Mobile is very good. It works very fine. GPRS works very good. Battery life is littel bit poor but It is value for money.
Positive things: ============= 1. 512 RAM 2. Android (Jelly Bean) 3. 1 GHz Cortex-A5 processor 4. 1500 mAh BATTERY 5. Wi-fi Hotspot 6. 4" TFT display with WVGA, 480 x 800 Pixels. Concern: ========= 1. No 3G 2. No Front Camera 3. No GPS 4. No Proximity Sensor.
This is for Flipkart:- Best Service. this is my first experience of online order & flipkart done his job very well. Thanks for all flipkart team. This is for Samsung:- Amazing product at good price. I used the Samsung Star Pro 7262 from last 1 month & it works well. No problem at all. Use of the product makes the "difference" in the "minds" (Means depends on users). only the issue is "back" & "option" key lights. it dose't visible in dark. any way i feel happy with this model. thanx.
Best fone ever same as Iphone in all aspect...I will strongly reccomaond this to all...dont hesitate blindly go for it...
Simple smart phone. It is good for first time smart phone users. Good in the price range. 4inch screen and Samsung tag are plus. Battery drains fast.
2MP Camera Single Core NO 3g- Stone ages browsing speed Spending more bucks for less. What will you do of a big display and looks , when your applications will lag. Lumia 520 is much better- except Android. or purchase some other model of your choice.
I had purchased this product in the month of February 2014 and it working very much useful. i can say that, in cheaper price we have so much advance features in this model. But, i am facing one issue of speaker with this phone. While call is progressed speak automatic gets active without even touching on the speaker button. I have not visited Samsung Service Center till today as i was busy in some work. Very shortly i will visit there. Meanwhile i request you can you ask someone to contact me for this issue.
very nice product and also in our budget. this is the cheapest samsung mobile which in opinion works excellently. No fault.I have been using it and its working very well and no complaints. Also, Very nice service of the website and always reachable. Thanks.
great product...since it is android so it will hang and lag for sure but at this price it is the best...its lacks 3G but all the other features are there in this...since I will be using WiFi so the lack of 3G support didn't bothered me much...every thing else is good...
Flipkart eliver-excellent Pros looks-good resolution-good touch senstivity-good camera-good UI-good internet-excellent edge(no 3g and gps) wi hot spot-works fine Cons Poor battery backup which hardly last till evening on full use charging-more than 3 hours BUT value for money... smart phone from samsung at 6000 buck is gud
I bought Samsung Galaxy S5762, it was delivered yesterday (20th Mar 14). Happy with services. However I have found (common to other online shpooing sites also) that while delivering the order, identity of the person taking delivery is not identified. This can lead to serious disputes. Flipkart should take cues from banks etc who deliver packets containing credit/ debit cards etc after proper verification and note details of identification document.
I bought tis mob to present to my dad.. he s really impresses wit tis.. but d thng s tat battery is not at all fine.. i cant witstand even for 1day.. hav to charge often eventhough u wont use much.. other than tat everythng s fine under its budget..
A not so good and not so bad phone. Overall a good one. Nobody can beat the price of Flipkart for this phone. One thing that pinched me is that this phone does not have front camera.
Lumia 520 is available at 7500 & this is for 6250, but performance of lumia is twice than this. Screen is good but speed is too slow, its like chinese phone
Hey guys I got it through flipkart!! No words about flipkart, It was a perfect delivery, This phone is a budget phone, vry gud one, camera is gud!! If u want to go for a branded cheaper phone, I would surely Prefer this!!!
The Worst Demerit Is All Two Sim Slots Are Micro Sim Supported, You Have To Cut Your Regular Sim To Use In This Phone.. Built Quality Is Good, Display Is Attractive But However Phone's Performance Is Not Up To The Mark...
I have ordered this for the offer. Got this damned cheap rate in Flip kart. Got the good mobile without any damage or any scratch in the box too. Got this as per the timeline. No Damage. Got the new one. Nice Delivery time.
This phone is Very very very,,,slow.... I Thing its not a 1 GHz prossesor,,,,,,,,, may be its perform like a 100 mhz prossesor,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Product is good at a given price. However there is no flash & no secondary camera The phone is supplied without data cable Flipkart as always perfetto
Not a great phone. With no 3G the phone seems to be lagging a key feature. But, the phone does support wi-fi that helps pretty much. For a phone that is under 8000, star pro seems to be better off... However, the issue of touch screen seems to be unresolved. The user interface is rather on the negative side, touch response is slow. Positives: Great CPU speed Memory (Expandable upto 32gb) Andriod Jelly Bean Dual Sim Negatives: User Interface (Touch Screen) Camera No 3G Lagging due to pre-installed apps. Overall.. A good budget phone.. One might find better options in other brands/OSs.
This is a decent phone in its range. Offers good features. And is easy to use. Good for students as well as working people.
don't buy this phone, worlds slowest phone, not only mine but i saw others also. it keeps hanging. i heard samsung quality is going down and now i am experiencing it now. i also thought its chip and best... but it's worst, i am very irritated now.
I am using this phone from last 1 month all features are as good as 200000 phone has but only battery is week & 3 G is not their
NO question ...no suggestion and no delay........... its best of the best from samsung .. among& below 6.5k mobiles... ..i got through many reviews on flipkart and most said this star pro s7262 is best and so it is... friends go for it and don't forget to review ur opinion this may help others to make decide..as we do...star pro s 7262 is same priced but is single sim mobile...note
1) Very bad battery life (stay only half day) 2) Worst display (resolution is very less) 3) Single Core Processor - slowest Android phone (For Android dual core processor is recommended) 4) Sound Quality is not very good Mukesh
This was the type of phone i had expected from samsung, THE WIFI & WIFI HOTSPOT works MINDBLOWING. The only problem is with the 2G internet it supports, but no PROBS other than this.. THE JELLBEAN ANDROID OS works simply smooth & perfect... GUYS YOU CAN RELY ON THIS PHONE INSTEAD OF SPENDING "THOUSANDS" TO BUY APPLE iphone. WHICH HAS ALMOST ALL THE FEATURES..
Worth of low cost. At a price point of 6000/- You get 4inch display with 233ppi should be enough reason to go for it.. Well we Indians always love to have more.. It is a good phone with android functioning, useful for those who want to shift from basic button based phones to touch screen use - the no-nonsense phone !!!! Battery
Only advantage of this model is the price. Rest all ordinary. Sometimes incoming calls & sms missing occurs at least one hour daily. Intimated to samsung still solution not derived so please think thrice before you buy this product.
good cell phone samsung should have added GPS and proximity sensor, touch is good, resolution is good... only drawback is microsim
The phone is a good at this price, though some features should have been included like a proximity sensor and gps. Sound quality is not that good but nice headsets. Bad sound output with speakers. Pros: 1. Good resolution 2. Satisfactory camera Cons: 1. No 3G 2. No proximity sensor 3. Battery lasts less than a day 4. No GPS 5. Laggy interface and phone hangs frequently with hangouts/skype
i always carry my tablet where ever i go , so for internet i dont need to use my phone. i use my phone just for calling, and this one is best dual sim phone with style and looks expensive. even though i tried to use the net through sim, it is no so fast like 3g but it is ok. but it works better through wifi. in just a day after purchase i have tried this much only..if anyone needs better game speed, camera, ram, processor,memory etc then go for a higher range phone, dont expect more from a 6k phone.
Didn't expected this much in such a low price. Impressed. First this what i liked was the screen size. Never expected such a screen size in such a low price. And Flipkart delivery is just awesome :)
Its really amazing for me. why because its getting low price by comparing to other shops or websites. And products are also very good condition, at a time delivery time is also very fast as they mentioned.
Hii everyone.Samsung Galaxy Star pro,this is one of Samsung's worst phone,Battery gets drained in 3 hours.The phone lags a lot.Insufficient RAM.I suggest don't even use the camera.Don't buy this phone which is damn ridiculuous.Go for Asus Zenfone 4 in this range.I purchased Asus Zenfone 5 as i was fed up using this phone. 1 star is also too much.
although it is 1 ghz single core but can easily play high end games easily like nfs mostwanted but there are some lags which can be avoided by seeing the price nice camera but no front camera,no 3g,no flash
I got it today for Rs 6091.. It was nicely packed and flipkart delivered it 2 days before the expected day. Phone is nice.. its fast.. Just the touch laggs a bit. But at this price its a satisfying product.. :)
GREAT PRODUCT....... DONT THINK....JUST GO FOR IT....... ITS HANDY AND USER FRIENDLY BETTER THAN MANY OTHER PRODUCTS AVAILABLE IN THE MARKETS.
not too gud experience. 1. sim problem -micro sim used 2. touch average. 3. body material quality seems bd.
It is best android phone in this price range from a reputed brand. Suitable for normal use not for heavy games.
Mob is overall good for its price.. Cant expect it to be fast or its battery to last longer than a day.. Issue is it is not detected Memory card which was previously used in Galaxy tab 3.. Other than that worth buying for the price..
this phone started hanging in just 2 days and it was restarting when I switched on the fm. the processer is very slow n nothing exiting
this mobile has all the features like samsung s duos have,but the only cause is the camera, it is only 2MP but all others features are good.camera clarity is good if we take photos in sun light.it is the best phone under 6500 range.........surely can go with it
Value for your money. Another good budget phone from samsung.internal memory was ok. camera ok.baterry was good for one day.
Really Galaxy Going Good, As per Price Structure and Variants on every range within your pocket and delivering all your needs indeed..
yes this is an nice mobile phoine.i already used it.its all feature are really intreasting.it is a android phone.all types of android feature the user must to be download.
very nice phone. i am using this phone. and its very useful phone. its has every thing that has a phone should have.
Display:no branded company will offer a 4 inch display in this price range!!!though the display is not HD...but its quite good!!!!! Camera:though it said it has oly a 2MP shooter!!!!its quite comparable with 5MP!!!the image clarity is good!!!i was surprised by the pics taken with its 2MP!!!though at low light the pics are terrible!!! Operating System:u can never get a simple UI like this!!!!the UI is smooth and hangs bit if u dont kill the tasks regularly!!!!its android 4.2.1!!!!and its smooth Battery:it lasts for a day!!!if u are a user who frequently have calls and surf internet for details,watch videos and play games also the battery would last a day!!! Gaming:though it has oly 512MB ram which is quite low and the GPU is 400 Mali!!!the gaming experiece is quite good!!!i was amazed by the games temple runa nd subway surfers!!!!it played smooth and without any lags Over all thins the best u can get for ur hard earned 7000 bucks!!!!no other branded companies offer this much in this price range!!!u ill be probably having time oly to go o the service centers if u opt for indo chinese brands like micromax,karbonn,xolo,iball!!!it better to buy a branded phones as u will have better life and resale value!!!!! over all i would give it a 5 star rating!!!the product is awesome and it feels good in hands!!!feels like a 15000 mobile!!!dont hesitate to buy!!!! u ill get a premium feel and can enjjoy ur smartphone!! CHEERS!!!! :) :)
hi i purchased samsung star pro i want to suggest u that plz dont buy it i has slow game playing ,slow speed , slow net speed and i m nt satisfied this product
This phone has every feature that is necessary for a common working professional that too in very economic range. Nice buy.
This phone is really good if you have low budget..only problem it faces is low battery life. else good in all..camera is good.display is good too. if u are buying this phone for playing games it would be stupidity..but for sms,phone calls n camera .this is just awesome..
AT FIRST I ONLY BROUGHT IT DUE TO BRAND NAME SANSUNG AND SERVICE RELIABILITY BUT SERIOUSLY AFTER USING IT FOR 1 WEEK IM HAPPY WITH ITS PERFORMANCE GOOD BATTERY BACKUP WI FI DIRECT WORKING FAST LOOKS ARE GREAT LOT OF FRIENDS ASKED ME ABOUT THE PHONE AND IM RATING IT 4 STARS DUE TO LACK OF GPS IF YOU DONT NEED 3G & GPS THEN GO FOR IT
Master delivery by FLIPKART. Very nice phone, easy handling , feels like other upper version SAMSUNG. net is so gud even making WI FI HOTSPOT works superb. One can consume one's 6000 completely with this phone. At last you will say AUR KYA CHAHIYE YAAR :)
The UI is good, touch is good but net is too slow .It hangs frequently nokia lumia 520 is much better than this.
My previous order was delayed and this ordered got delivered even before the promised date. flipkart can take care in their delivery section, especially when orders are made from sub urban area of any city A very good phone for its price. the only let back is, lack of 3G.
I bought this phone for my sister so i did not think much going for other brands because all we know about the Samsung and it's customer service. Let me tell about the phone, this has awesome features at this price except the camera which is 2MP but still you can take good pics.Quality of the pics will be better than the cheap phones 5 MP pics and the build quality of the phone is too good.As well this phone is good for games and the display is good which is around 233 ppi this is decent for this price. I got 5% extra off for HDFC credit card . I'm very happy with this phone, you can also go for it with out any hesitation definitely you will like this phone.
picture dazzles and automatic screen lock problem.actually i was in mood for changing but unfortuantly it was theft..no interesting feature...totally a waste
at present iam using this mobile, it is looks costly mobile - its a big 4 inch screen, -all the apps works well, -standerd brand, good cam quality, good call quality, -for normal use - u will get 2 days battery backup, -display is super, worth to buy.
This phone does not support 3G and that's the reason for such lower price. I believe many of us survives without having 3G on phone and at the same time lives on addiction towards apps, chat, facebook and of course games..and that's just the regular dose for a day !! All of which goes on without any requirement of 3G(cz simple 2G with EDGE gets ur job done). So, if u r able to forget 3G and enjoy all the other benefits of a smartphone then you pay as much as 3 TIMES LESS money compare to others and trust me it doesn't get any better than this !!
First off, awesome flipkart delivery, thanks! First impressions: Build quality very decent for this price range..screen glass quality (in terms of touch), could be better, but i guess it can be improved with a scratch guard..I would suggest buying the midnight black, as the quality of plastic was better i felt, in terms of feel atleast The screen resolution is acceptable for the price range, the screen size is a plus point, thats countered by the loss of 3g, you got to pick and choose i guess, and go for the more expensive galaxy trend if you need both.. The camera is a really pleasant surprise, do not just go by the numbers, for a 2 MP it is very very good indeed, more than enough for social media sharing..prob not for high quality prints..its a fixed focus camera The OS was smooth, i had not downloaded any games yet, so the performance was very adequate.. Overall a very good value for money product
Pros: good display,large screen,budget smart phone cons: hangs a lot during multiple apps using, sometimes switched off automtically,dual sim doesn't work properly every time,very very very poor battery life(about 14-18 hours depending upon the use).
