MOBDT5FZNT2AEBCY
Best device from Xolo with an ideal price tag. Sample comparison with MotoG XOLO Q1010 vs MotoG 1. Display : 5 inch HD IPS OGS display > than 4.5 inch HD IPS (OGS nd large display to play games & watch movies) 2. Processor : 1.3 MTK6582 = 1.2 Snapdragon 400 3. GPU : 500Mhz mali-400MP2 >= 450Mhz Adreno 305 4. RAM: 1 GB = 1 GB 5. Battery : 2250 mAH =< 2070mAH (due to optimizations, MotoG provides better backup. but 19Hour backup of Q1010 is also exceptional) 6. Memory : put 1000rs nd buy a 32GB microSD so 36GB > 16GB 7. Camera : Xolo's 8MP shooters are gud > 5MP MotoG( and FHD video recordng vs HD) 7. Thickness : 8.3mm vs 11.6 (is this a brick ? :P) 8. Service centers : Both have pathetic service centers (YES Equal here) 9. Both have OTG, Wifi Direct In my opinion the major drawback of MotoG is the lack of MicroSD slot. 12.5 GB is really insufficient for me. I'm a hardcore gamer and MotoGs GPU is very good, but the 500Mhz Mali-400MP2 in Q1010 is also very good and here i can use MicroSD card to store my large game data too. OGS is really good while comparing to normal IPS screens, it provides wider viewing angles. Verdict : If you are a hardcore gamer go for Xolo Q1010 (bcoz of the lack of sufficient memory in motog) If you are a typical cell phone user , ie making lots of lengthy calls per day, and use mobile in rough environments go for MotoG (better battery backup + Gorilla Glass protection)
freinds i bought this handset from sho[[ing.indiatimes for rs10994 and belive me its a coolest premium handset i have ever seen not wasting your time i would review it on yhe basis of one week use of my pros 1)the handset looks are sao cool it resembles me of sony experia C there is matte finish on back and so the handset is nice to hold and not too slippery 2)the battery backup is very good i tested it and played the asphault 8 game with requiresa huge power due to graphics and hence eats more battery i played the game for 42 minutes and the battery dropped by only 12% 3)the phone is powered by mt6582 chipset i.e 1.3ghz quad core processor the benchmarks were really cool antutu 17115 quadrant standard 5852 nenamark 2 55.4 fps vellamo html 1957 metal 537 multi touch 5 points 4) the box contains some extra goodies that micromax never gives the box have free flip cover OTG cable screen guard the headphones is also nice 5)the free flip cover is not of cheap quality it is with artificial leather and it further enhances the looks of device 6)display is also very nice the viewing angles are very good the handset has HD resolution 7)the mali 400 mp2 works like a graphics card and the graphics power is 500mhz which is very very good for a gamer and the above benchmarks is same as moto G 8) the camera quality was not nice due to software glitch but recently means yesterday only i got two updates one was 4.7 mb and another was 11.87 mb and that improved the camera quality of the phone and now the images clicked are crytal clear and in the night the flash too works pretty cool 9) xolo is the only brand who always listens to customers and provide regular updates as of now the camera quality was not nice and quickly xolo provided a update for that cons 1) i dont thinks for me there was a con because in all aspects the phone was superb ans was very nice no need of any cons the people who thinks of non removable battery should throw the thought out of their mind because if phone hangs till now i didnt face any problems but if it hangs you should press the power button for 12 sec and the phone will restart i tried to be very clear in my review and i am in love with this handset due to its looks......!!!!!!!!
well done flipkart, xolo will be the No.1 position in indian market in upcoming days. xolo q1010 i get this from flipkart 10 days before, the processor1.3ghz ,camera8mp,OGS diplay 294ppi,full hd recording,free flip cover, build quality,the design etc....made me fan of this phone. i played asphalt 8, deadtrigger 2, temple run 2, D-DAY and frontline commando without any lag. it is really wonderful. i run the benchmark apps quadrant 5959, antutu 17230, vellamo html 1970 metal 560, nenemark 54.6 fps and 5 point multitouch. the best phone in best budget price. go for it.........
I purchased this phone from India times shopping @ 10994 INR on 23rd Feb. For same features you may have to spend Rs 12K to 14K for other handsets while more than 15K for branded handsets. Pros: Good looks. Excellent resolution. Better battery life. Excellent processor speed. Cons: Sound Quality is really Poor especially after adding the flip cover. You dont get delighted with the photos you have captured thr this camera. Although lot of camera effects have been provided the basic photo Quality is not good. My phone got hanged up on the second day of its use, but surprisingly restarted automatically on the 2nd min.
I brought this from flipkart.com and they delever me in given time thanx to flipkart for giving me this amazing device. I have not any word to describe its best thing and its beauty. It is a awesome device introduce by XOLO and it is proved that xolo is other best compony among all. It has 5" dis which has wesome resolution and no need to increase brightness in sunlight and clearity is also excellent. Performance and response of phone is lajavab ,too fast response and performance and no place for lagging and hanging with its superfast 1.3 ghz mtk processor. Touch is soo smooth and responsive with its ips capacitive touch. Led notification is there and speaker is also good. Camera is also excellent but in night it will disappoint lilbit but still it is good camera with 8 mp and full hd recording. And the main thing of design of body is too awesome and excellent slim and sexy looking device and very much attractive i have less word for describe it beauty. Now one good thing is that the flip cover contain in box is awesome with artificial lather which is one more thing that increase beauty of phone it is also good and screen gaurd also there. Betery is also good with 2250 mAh li-po. In short it is a good,excellent,awesome device from xolo which is stunning than other samsung or lg device. I recommand every one who want to buy this device that u can go for this device without any worry .
Best Display and Very fast Processor compared to any other in this range, Supports 3G in both the SIM, Camera quality is good (7/10), awesome Gaming experience, leather flip cover free. Good phone...
Had purchased a new Xolo Q1010 in May 2014 and when we went to put a new micro sim the phone just went dead. Now the company is not reverting over our request for a replacement. Pl be careful while purchasing this phone!
I had purchased this mobile before 1.5 months but used for only two days because of problem of auto start of internet (connect and disconnect). I had sent to service center for two times but till date not recieved any solution from Company. Poor service support and lack of listining ability of service center and customer care. Poor customer and nto believing in business. Pls do not purchae this mobile or any product from xolo due to poor customer support and service.
I hav Bought it last week ..and this is best ...and i have Samsung s2 ...Xolo Q1010 is best i have Samsung s2 and Xolo Q1010 ....i compaed using antutu benchmark...xolo ranks higher than samsung....and phone is very amazing...display .is awesome...it's a class phone for its price rate... Xolo's best ....you can count on it...just buy it and enjoy
AWESOME EXPERIENCE , HAS ALL THE FEATURES AND SUPERB MOBILE , EXCEPT WITH THE MUSIC CLARITY, IS NOT UP TO THE MARK
A smart mobile phone that support USB OTG. Smart Gesture Technology. With Mani 400 (500MHz) GPU games run very fast. Camera is quick snapper. Kitkat Version would be best if possible. But Jelly beans run good. With 2270 Mah battery phone runs through out the day.
Moto g should be the best choice under 15k.. cause moto is a authorized brand and have a good build quality. And as my opinion xolo, micromax are just chainise junk.. so go for moto, and never regrade....
Display : MOTO G 4.5 inch qHD IPS (OGS) and XOLO Q1010 5 inch qHD IPS (OGS) Both display have same resolution 720 x 1280 pixels, But the quality of Moto G is better bcoz it comes with the Corning Gorilla Glass 3 i.e. more Durable, more damage resistant. that other don't have.
Well if you go by specs Maybe its a better phone than moto g But seriously as soon as you read the words "mediatek" stop reading and look elsewhere As a geek i can tell you that Manufacturing Semiconductors is a reallly tough job which takes a lot of expensive r & d rather than just copying intel/quallcomm Xolo does not value its own products nor to its Customers
i bought this product and aftr 1 mnth i found its display broken i spnd anothr 4 thosands to repair it and aftr wrking for another 3 weeks the screen was again broken otherwise the othr featurs are good so dnt buy the product
xolo is go to definitely next level ,iam using this mobile over the one month ,fully stisfaction ,,,,
Best phone by xolo in this range.Best phone for gaming as compared to samsung and nokia.Screen resolution is full HD.Battery last up to one day very easily even if you use it for gaming.Overall one of best product in market.
Nice phone with full of useful features. Lovin it. In these price bracteate you will not get any other phone like this. Sound quality is not that good.Thanks xolo & flipkart
First time android user. Have always used Windows and wanted to try Android. After using Windows this is not user friendly. I miss my Windows Lumia. Was waiting for a 5 Inch Lumia with Dual Sim. Still awaiting review of XOLO Q900 Windows.
teh phone is aweasome and decent.its sony exmor R sensor gives it the best value but can we replace the non removable battery of the phone? it is the big question in mind.. :( hoping for some good answers
Though I did not purchase this from Flipkart, I would like to share my honest review of this product. Xolo is a name which most of us feel Cheap Chinese. But, this phone is made for India, at an affordable price with High end specs. All phones from big brands, the chip-sets are manufactured in china. There is no doubt in that. The cost of each mobile is decided by brand, brand ad, future updates and origin of company. This phone is stunning, the camera is sharp and accurate and Im well satisfied with this price. I used HTC, and it was a big disappointment, after spending 25000/-. Xolo offers same features and specs better than Desire 700. The benchmark of HTC was never close to this phone. Why to spend fortune on mobile, of foreign companies, when Desi Mobile can offer best performance in Desi Price??? Xolo, is doing great, and one can by this phone with no doubt.
Xolo q1010 is amazing phone but camera result is not good. look wise and precesses is very fast. cell is better other phone etc micro max canvas and Xolo other product.
If you care reading the 1-STAR ad 2-STAR reviews of MOTO-G and Most of the Samsung/NOKIA models, you'll find extreme customer disappointment due to inferior after-sales. When your moto-g screen is broken the customer-care will tell you that it happened due to tight-jeans (True-Story, check Moto-G reviews). So the choice is easy. If after-sales is ZERO in all cases then why shouldn't I go for Cheaper Brands with more specs like XOLO or Micromax !
This phone is best in its range. It serves the purpose. No hanging.. Smooth Handling.. Nothing much to ask at this price.
I purchased this phone around 2 week back. This is very good phone at this price. Build Quality, Display, Performance, Battery all is amazing. This phone has OTG support, HD recording too. My past phones were Samsung Galaxy and Nokia Lumia, so this time I decided to try some thing different. Till now I am quite satisfied with my choice.
I have Sony xperia M single Sim. I got lots of problem in 6 months with that phone. Finally i decided to buy this cell and my decision is right. Its really good. Don't west your money in Sony, Samsung, HTC and Nokia its west. It is Indian brand further are foreign brand why should we give chance to them for earning?
My opinion about xolo q1010 Look wise awesome 9/10. sleek design Battery is not removable so 5/10 Becoz there is no option to switch off fon in hang condition. Battery backup is decent good for one day 8/10. Both Sim Slots is micro So again 5/10. U I is a little bit slow but fon is fast in terms of gaming 5/10. other gaming wise/speed wise 9/10. You con move app. to SD card So here 9/10. Display colour very good display 8/10. Camera Quality is not good becoz I analysis every detail /noise/edging/saturation/colour in my laptop I found that camera is not up to mark even not comparable to my earlier Xolo Q800. Video quality is also not so good every time is looses auto focusing otherwise stable recording is very good so here 6/10. Playing HD video without MX player easily without any effort 9/10. Hands free is old apple type not good in quality 6/10 Music in my hands free (Sony) is good but sound is not much loud 8/10. Fon volume in Speaker mode not loud 7/10. wifi connectivity is very good 9/10. OTG is good function but slow so 7/10. at the time of writing this my fon ram 568 mb is used and free398 mb Thank you
