MOBDKESQJCDVDXN7
Wohooo!! prices slashed!! 7599 for this phone is simply awesome.. This phone is ideally suited for those who want a decent set of features in a small package. Personally, I was eagerly waiting for a phone with 3.5 inch screen that has a good primary camera and a decent enough secondary camera for occasional skype calls. But initially it was too overpriced at 11k so I went ahead to buy S Advance Plus points(Based on Reviews already on the web): > Great Still camera for the price point > Smooth UI transitions (Depends on the free RAM though, so keep cleaning from time to time, else U'll notice lags) > Front VGA camera for video chatting.(enough for casual skype or nimbuzz calls) > Android Jelly Bean .. great plus.. one can use Google Now. > Motion UI.. I like the turn to mute (I think though its new in Android, it was already there in old handsets like Monte) So the phone suits my needs, though some features have to be compromised like.. : > Low resolution and colors(same as Ace duos , should have been improved, keeping the same size. That would have made it a real small-sized eye candy) Plus the poor screen viewing angles > Processor and RAM 1 ghz single core with 512mB RAM is just OK.. not for a heavy user.(Some early benchmarks state that the handset is built upon a Broadcom SoC with integrated Videocore IV graphics) > 1300 mAh battery. Again no improvement over Ace duos. (Galaxy Young S6312 users are already complaining about the battery backup of a 1300mAh with Jelly bean. Cmon.. U did it with S4.. better battery in smaller size, why not do the same with cheaper devices? Every one cannot afford the S4) > Video recording is VGA, but no complaints, expecting the price to go down soon. > I wonder why the RAM of S6312 is 768mB and for this one they have settled with only 512mB. May be the CPU is a miraculous one. LoL Samsung Galaxy Fame Duos over Sony Xperia E dual: ------- Fame Duos - Xperia E dual Price : 10900 - 10900 Camera: 5mp - 3.2mp Flash: LED - No Front Cam: VGA - No OS: JB - ICS (Upgradable) Motion UI: YES - NO GPU: VideocoreIV - Adreno 200 enhanced but inferior GLONASS: YES - NO Bluetooth: V4 - V2.1 Now, Xperia E Dual Over Galaxy Fame Duos ------- Xperia E dual - Fame Duos Weight: 115g - 120g Thickness: 11mm - 11.6mm Battery: 1530mah - 1300mah Final words.. Those who want a phone that can be used with one hand in a crowded bus , and still want to use some latest smartphone features, this phone is for them Clearly, the phone is not for Gamers, or heavy app users, or backpackers who would like battery stamina. Now it deserves a 5*. Steal deal at @ 7599
This is a budget Android phone. My older Nokia having become defective, I bought this as a secondary phone to supplement my Galaxy Note 2. The main object was to have a dual sim 3G phone which does not need to be fed with all my contacts history manually. Being Android it can sync contacts data from Gmail. Cons: -------- [*] Buggy initial software. At initial setup, it is too slow to setup, and keeps requesting details which you've already fed it. This could easily be fixed by Samsung in a firmware update. Same about the delay in unlocking the phone after pressing the button-4 seconds is too long. [*] The colors of the LCD look really washed out. Very poor contrast. Resolution is just ok. It's all ok for a low end Android phone if you're primarily looking for one to take calls on. [*] The length of the charger cable is too short, IMHO. [*] Only one of the SIMs can use 3G at a time. [*] MicroSIM only - I didnt know this prior to buying. Not a big deal, since my other phone is a Galaxy Note 2. Pros: -------- [*] Excellent voice clarity. [*] Good loudspeaker volume. [*] Good battery life. Without data on, it lasted around 60 hours in standby for me. [*] Light and compact phone. [*] Looks pretty much standard Samsung Galaxy. [*] Cheap (I bought mine for 7100) [*] Dual Standby (It remains to be seen, whether it works as advertised. Review on Seller: WS Retail is Flipkart.com. Standard BlueDart delivery with a few niggles. But we'll forget them for now.
I bought this mobile thinking we get all features for less price,but totally disappointed. Phone is very slow if you install any apps then that hungs. I am using this from one month and using it in basic mode which usually comes without any apps that also is slow,to open contacts it takes more than 10 seconds. Other mobiles which has same configuration performance is lot better than this. One major disadvantage of this mobile is you cannot move installed apps to memory card. Poor product from Samsung.want to buy mobile in same budget means go for other brand.
SAMSUNG - GALAXY FAME GT-S6812. PURCHASE DT. 20-8-13 RECEIVED 22-8-13. Hats off to Flipkart for Lightning Speed Delivery. (Note: Points marked with * (Star) indicates new feature) Galaxy Fame GT-S6812 Rocks for: 1) Samsung Brand. 2) Accessories (Flip Cover) easily available and of good quality. 3) Camera 5 MP with Auto Focus very Powerful Flash. 4) *Motion Sensor - Incoming Calls gets silent if phone just turn and kept back. Music can also be paused similarly. Software updates can also be done by just shaking device. 5) *Blocking Mode - Shows device unreachable to caller, if you dont want to attend calls. Facility available with Contact list options. 6) New Keyboard very smooth and accurate, you get typed letter whatever you desire. With option of Qwerty and Numerical type. 7) Samsung Contact list very colorful and bright, crystal clear display in sunlight too. (As background black and Fonts white) 8) Charger wire very long and data cable also given separately. (Good Quality). 9) Video Shooting possible even during night time by switching on Flast light. 10) Falsh Light can also be worked as assistive light with nice inbuilt function. 11) Front Camera clarity even though 0.3 but far excellent. 12) Easy to carry and fits in all pockets. 13) Samsung Touch awesome and feather touch. 14) Suits all age type. 15) Definately a status symbol device. 16) Intelligent Smart Battery, doesn't drain fast. 17) For Micro Sim 2 options available, old one can be turned to micro sim or by spending Rs. 25 you can get new micro sim. 18) * Speaker Phone sounds can be made more clear by enabling new inbuilt feature during calls. 19) Adequate size 3.5" display not too small and not too big. 20) * With new inbuilt drop box. (Note: Points marked with * (Star) indicates new feature.)
I don't know why people are not liking this phone. But as I experienced, and i found that it is simply the best, packed with features, have all the necessary functions which is expected out of a smartphone, there is nothing impossible with this phone and of the major advantage is that it is built on a cortex-A9 architecture, which is far more fluid & better and than the cortex-A5 ones, this architecture supports upto 4 cores; the 512 MB ram is manageable enough considering the price at which sells. this phone has a Broadcom video core IV graphics processor(yes! the one used in grand) and it can handle simple to moderate games efficiently, playing high end games gives lag, but yeah it supports everything! there is absolutely nothing wrong with this phone, got the samsung trust & warranty. If anyone is looking for a smartphone which has all the necessary features required today, yet wants to remain in budget; this phone is worth considering!!
After using this phone for one week I’ve finally decided to write an in depth review of the same. First of all, I thank flipkart for their super fast delivery. It took only one and a half working day for them to deliver my order. I am satisfied with their service. I will definitely buy again from flipkart. >>> Now the review… This phone is awesome from the viewpoint of its camera and sound, but its battery backup is not satisfactory, the touch experience is not always smooth too. > Screen: The display is good in producing colors and it has average pixel density. So watching videos and browsing web pages is ok. But the touch response is average. Sometimes it works like a charm, but sometimes it lags too much to register a touch (like a resistive touch screen). > Sound: Awesome crystal clear sound production. The music player is nice. The custom equalizer is fully customizable with frequencies and reverb, width, 3D strength etc settings. The supplied earphones produce good sound but the design is very annoying. When in ear, it starts to hurt the walls of the ears after couple of minutes. > Processor: It houses a 1 Ghz Cortex A9 processor (ARM v7) which is good only for basic tasks and casual gaming. The GPU is Broadcom Videocore IV HW which performed overall good in my testing. Raging thunder 2 works very well. Graphics are satisfactory, though not excellent. In my testing the processor lagged very little compared to other low end galaxy series phones. > RAM: 512 MB of RAM is an average spec, but it works fine. Usually there is always about 100 MB of free memory. So it is ok in my tests, but, it will surely lag while playing HD games. > Video Player: An average quality player with support only for .mp4 and .3gp files upto 480p. MX Player solved the problem though. The MX player plays virtually all formats and all resolutions in this phone. > CAMERA: The biggest asset of this phone is its 5 megapixel auto focus camera with CMOS sensor. The camera performs outstanding in good lighting conditions. With minimum shutter lag, the photos can be captured just in a fraction of second. There is touch to focus option which lets you focus on a particular object in the screen. In low lighting conditions, the LED flash provides very strong lighting. With steady hands, low light photos are good too. The front camera is VGA but it performs very well. > Internet: The play store wasn’t responding very well at first, but after installing an update, the problem is solved. Chrome browser is preloaded but opera mini performs best In terms of speed and ease of use. > Battery: Keeps the device working for about a day with casual internet browsing, casual music playing and occasional gaming. Continuous browsing gives about 4 hours of backup.
On the outset its a great phone to choose when u get it at 7.5k. Thanks flipkart. ...................................................................... Abt the phone and my personal experience for a week. these are the stuff i want to share. >Screen resolution is just ok with average viewing angles. have to put on full brightness outdoors(most of the time). > phone does lag a bit when u switch from one app to another. >Camera is good outdoors and in daylight, same quality cannot be expected indoors. > Wifi works within ~10-12 feet radius from the modem. >battery last through a day with average usage. >music quality in speaker and headphones are good. >As far as memory is concerned.... ROM 1.8gb available to user. RAM ~100mb would be free. >looks and build quality is good. >A-GPS and maps works great. >Google now and crome pre installed and works well too. >Games, i don't think its gonna support heavy games smoothly with ~100mb free ram ... casual gaming would be fine i guess(I don't play mobile games, so it doesn't matter.) once again summarizing..... its a great phone for the price , no second thought! Cheers ;-) hope it was helpful.
Advantages: 1. Processing Speed 2. Camera and Flash 3. Android Jelly Bean 4. 3G with Video Call Option Disadvantages: 1. Display Resolution 2. Sound Quality Its just ok model for Rs.7600 If you can spend another 2k you can go for Galaxy S Duos
i buy this phone from flipkart at the price of 7395. its really good phone at this price range. but internal memory is 2 GB not 4 GB. i m really satisfied with this phone. delivery is too good i got my phone within 48 hours. really good.
Android v4.1.2 (Jelly Bean) OS FM Radio with Recording 5 MP Primary Camera with Flash. Dual SIM (GSM + GSM) ( supports Micro sim , not normal sim ) Wi-Fi Enabled 1 GHz Processor 0.3 MP Secondary Camera 3.5-inch TFT Touchscreen This phone is really good . The Price is 8500/- . But the RAM is 512 MB.
I purchased this phone and using it last 4 months. I was looking for a phone smaller in size with all facilities. I tried Galaxy Fame and found it perfect. Memory , camera, flash and processor all are perfect in this price range phones.
This phone is very good in performance and speed. Camera is fine and that is too with Flash. Internet speed to next to lightening one. RAM is also sufficient and preinstalled apps are irremovable what sucks but that's not a big issue... The ONLY and ONLY one issue with this phone is - it has micro SIM pads in it. If you're using MicroSIMS, you won't be able to use those SIMs in any other phone. If this handset gets faulty, you must have to buy either a new Macro SIM or new phone with Micro SIM. I think Samsung must think about this. Rest is absolutely fine.
Good phone... i think this phone with all the features including front cam.. but needs improvement on the display quality
I just bought this phone, its a nice phone. But don't download too much applications bcoz ram is low for J.B 4.1. For this range product samsung included all the features, we can't get this type of phone with all the functions in any market reputed company. If we want to run that smoothly work according to the phones features-avoid giving high pressure to the phone.
samsung fame awsome mobile . but problem flipkart says to 4gb internal memory but give only 2gb. and not work call recorder this fone ................................................................ .......................................................................
Got the phone well packed and timely delivered by the seller. I have S2+ and this phone I bought it for my father. As far as features are concerned it has most of the features that S2+ have (in 22000+) but quite slow in performance. Not recommended for the people who don't have patience while using and multi tasking. otherwise its an average phone.
It is excellent phone with all features and samsung is best. I am using the same camera is excellent. 3g connectivity is awesome. Synchronise all google and facebook contacts easily. Flipkart services are very good and delivery is quick. Best Services with lowest price among all. All features of the phone is excellent handy. Performance is excellent. Good Deal to get the same
I using this phone for more than 15 days......i'm fully satisfied with this phone .....it provides all facilities which u want under this range.......I'm going to share following experience with it....... 1) It has best touch response i ever seen under this range of phone. Viewing angle of phone is also good. 2) It has awesome camera quality. Flash is also very good and you can use it as a torch too.Secondary camera is also good for skype and video calling user. 3) Battery quality also good.... stays for a day as all smartphone have same battery backup. 4) It is not for heavy game user. But it runs temple run and subway surfer type games very well. Sometimes it gives simple lag when doesn't switch off your mobile at least once in a day. 5) Loudspeaker is loud and sound quality of headphones is also good. 6) 512 mb is low but good for light user. In simple word if your budget is low go for it. It is the best phone. And thanks to flipkart for their fast service and specially ur packing is too good.
i bought this Samsung product. I wanted to have a small android phone for single hand operation so I went for this. It is a good one in this price range. I faced two problems with this 1. It runs on Micro Sim Cards. One has to change normal sim card to Micro one and the Micro Sim card doesnot fit to other phone in case you need to use other spare phone some times. I stll donot understand why Sumsung has done this as it is matter of just couple of mm. 2. When I tried to copy my contact to SD card or Laptop it copies only first contact detail and not all the contact. There should be simple option to copy it to SD or USB without any other software.
I am vey glad to be an owner of this outstanding phone.It includes all the features that a phone should contain.It contains all the features that galaxy grand has.wonderful,marvellous,exquisite product.It has :- 1Ghz Processor 5 MP camera Android Jellybean 0.3 MP front Camera Outstanding Flash
except display quality and back cover design its best in its price range...if ur budget is 8000 just go for it......................................................................................................
Flipkart is Awesome when it comes to their product delivery, i made order in midnight and product got delivered within 2 and half days. Its a superb phone with incredible hardware specification at such a lower price. Following features explains how this phone stands at top position within this price range, 1. 5MP rear camera, very good clarity, 0.3MP front(Its a advantage) 2. 1GHZ Processor and 512MB RAM perform very well to play subway surfer, temple run etc. casual games. 3. Jelly bean with its buttery smooth user interface What more you can ask for a product worth Rs.7600/-
Hi guys, Hats off Flipkart, just over 1 day and I got my delivery, its just 28 hours to be somewhat specific. Packaging was okay and my the box pack was intact. On top of it was 16 GB MICRO SD CARD. Yes guys, that rite not just 4 or 8....its 16 gb straight away. I booked it just @ 7799. I dont know if it could be any better or not but that is it. Cool attractive blue-black with nice display and rather impressive camera pics that i clicked and Flash also working nice. WIFI worked without inserting sim. I could access my goggle a/c. THIS PHONE IS COOLEST.......WITH SOME MORE ADVANCED FEATURES.
I gifted this phone to my girlfriend. the purpose of the phone was video call. but since than we have moved to skype because of good quality video. good phone. justifies its worth. awecome delivery. quickest i must say of all product. I would have ordered one flipkart had delivery in my town(Bihta).
Hi guys this is Ajo woods, I bought this phone before 15days. I working good when connected to mobile data its hanging a little bit, apart from that consume more power for playing videos and Browsing. But its features are very nice and in a reasonable price.
Dear Sir, I got the delivery of the item ordered in Good condition. It was a seal pack intact peace. Further This model is really Good Sturdy with all the facilties one desire in this range. The Model Which I had brought is Galaxy Fame S6812 and it is metalic Blue in Colour. The Product is really very Good and affordable in budget. Where if you compare the Quality , it is much superior than any other brand in this price range. What is not ther ??? everything is there i.e. Internet,Email,WIFI,Hotspot huge memory,Huge SD card, Micro sim card facility and Back and front camera.. Everything seems Good and It is fast enough. I Liked the Product very much. Flipkart delivery was prompt. Rating 5 Regards Gauri Shankar Gound
Superb phone.. Beats every phone in 10k range. least stable website Yesterday night they had 1200 cashback on this and now its gone. This website is the most untrustworthy one. You will find something one day other day it will change. Damn poor maintenance. Very upset with the website.
Samsung Fame Duos Nice Phone In This Mid Range...!!! It Cumes Wid....Better Luk...Powerful Processor....Latest Android Version...5MP Camera Wid LED Flash....Nice Music Output....!! Drwn Back Is Its Cum Wid only 512 ram Which not so gud in Dis Phn...!!! But Fame Compltd Ma All Dezre...:) I Get Dis Phn At 7480 Price Rate... Hats off To Flipkart..To Providing Me Dis Phn... Flipkart Is Providing Awesum Service... Product Reach In 2 Day...
if u r looking for a mobile which have all recent features (aapx), then go 4 samsung galaxy fame duos...it has android 4.1 jelly bean processor with front and rear cam and flush. No other good brand can give this features at rs.8500/-. only drawback of this mobile is its battery life. it is 1300mah, which drains out quickly. u have to recharge your phone's battery every day
internat memory 4gb so in specification but only 2 gb.ram 512mb show in specification but only 460mb... but phone is ok ok type not bad...jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
Hi... my sincere thanks to flipkart... for super fast delivery... This fame got all the needs... and u will definetely wont regret for buying this... the features are awesome... and it deserves an amount of 9500 easily.. but, i m very lucky to get this mobile at 7480rs in flipkart... .. once again thank u flipkart..
First of all a big thank you to Flippy for the service. I booked the order yesterday and today I have already got the phone. Many people are writing many thing about this phone. Let me express my view. Mobile phone,specially a smart phone is used for various purposes. Obviously a particular model can not satisfy everybody. It differs from individual to individual. This is a phone for basic telephony like: Basic phone- very clear call speech. My friend asked me whether I am calling from an apple phone. the speech was so clear and crisp.No call drop.good signal. Sms.Mms,video calling,chatting,whatsapp very smooth. Wifi- connects very fast with good continuous speed Games- This phone is not for heavy game.But plays almost all the game reasonably well. This is a very good phone for very busy working people. If basic telephony is your requirement go for it blindly. Do not bother about ram, gpu etc.It has got Cortex a9 processor which the used in high end phones. So the performance is guaranteed.
I was waiting for this to launch for nearly a month now, but find it overpriced by nearly 2k. This would have been a bad buy if priced around 9k range based on my comparison of it with Galaxy Young, which has better memory but smaller screen and camera.
very bad phone with poor specifications. screen resolution is not so good. games are not run properly and lagging too much. battecy backup is not much good. i recommend xolo X910 & lumia 520 in this budget.
I sold my yellow lumia 520 after using if for just two and a half months. And I bought fame which is handy and jelly bean is incomparable to windows 8. Jelly bean is awesome. Fame does not get heated up as lumia 520 keeps on getting heated up to the extent that one can not touch upper part of the phone. I visited the authorised nokia center and they told it is normal if the phone is heating up. Fame is cool as ever as it is from Samsung. Here Samsung beats other brands like sony, micromax, nokia as they tend to heat up soon. Android jelly bean is light years ahead of windows 8. My sincere advice dont buy lumia 520 and only buy samsung galaxy phones if you want to keep your coo :) :) Thanks
samsang fame..but flipkart not giving the mobile with same specification.....mobile is ok..but its memory is only 2gb instead of 4gb......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Before palceing the order it was shown in the website that Internal memory would be 4 GB. After receiving the order I found the the device has internal memory of 2 gb !!! Reputed company like Flipkart also misleading !!! Disgusting !!!!!!!!!
no need to look for more reviews jst go 4 it. mobile as well as price is also best. but as shown internal memory is 2GB not 4GB. Battery- maximum 2 days after 100% charged. Micro sim- some time feel limitation whenever u want to replace sim Now about flipkart- I placed order on 05Aug and on 07thAug at 6PM that order was in my hand :)
Flipkart service is superb as always... I think we have already taken their service for granted! yeah flipkart na... you'l get it tomorrow or day after but not later than that! So coming to the product... I bought this for my wife as she WANTED: 1. Front camera with a decent specification and with flash. 2. Secondary camera to use as a mirror! 3. Good sound clarity 4. Product from a reputed brand. 5. Android OS, to see and feel what it actually is 6. Decent video clarity on capture and view-ability too 7. Easy to handle device 8. Any color other than White! 9. Good-looking (she wanted it but did she get it??) but sturdy device 10. Within 9k She DID NOT WANT the phone to be: 1. Too big and bulky 2. White in color 3. Over-priced 4. Complicated First day Experience: Pros: 1. Sound output (music) is excellent while using the earphone provided along with the phone (what i meant is... generally the earphone packed with the phone will be clumsy N flimsy). 1.1. Output through loud speaker is also pretty decent but does not allow all the effects that you get in the equalizer; may be to protect the speaker from damage! 2. Primary Camera clarity is fine (have not experimented much though) 3. Phone has a premium look front the side angle and back part. 4. Has the Android interface which is the same for those bigger ones as well 5. Screen transition is smooth. 6. Radio clarity is good and is picking up channels well. 7. Wifi and bluetooth are displaying seamless performance. 8. Browsing is smooth; has integrated google pics into the albums in fraction of seconds and in the Maps, it found our location without thinking much. Cons: 1. Screen resolution and pixels are not that great (16M always prevail over 262k; it is there in the specification, so not their mistake) 1.1. Viewing angles have to be choosy 1.2. At some instances, you feel like light is reflecting from somewhere (the technology used is the same--the light reflection theory) 1.3. When you reach the last pic while browsing through your images and you swipe again, a blue reflection appears which gives us a feeling that you are using a sub-std device. 2. Lags a bit on touch--After you touch on a folder, it takes a while to open up. 3. Looks ugly from the front; looks like a conventional PHONE. 4. Micro-SIM was a turn-down (for me at least) 5. The structure of the QWERTY messaging keyboard has some fault that we keep missing the word we chose. I think they have made the letters small but gave more space between words which was absolutely unnecessary. 6. Front camera doesn't work as a mirror though; bit confusing to detect the face clearly (anyway it is actually used for video chatting right?!). 7. The glossy finish attracts a lot of fingerprints--Cover and screen-guard are MUST. Verdict: My wife got 90% of what she expected (scroll up again to see what all she wanted) but not satisfied with the conventional look. You may choose White color, may be that looks good... Choose the font styles and wallpapers that suit the phone and which gives the phone a crystal clarity look (however it is not that bad also. Our expectations are so right? sometimes we forget the price) My phone is Nokia 5800 (first touch screen from Nokia) which is still a good all-round performer. May be i compared with that subconsciously... I will be back in this forum if i found anything interesting or distressing...
Hi all, I was eagerly waiting for this handset to launch from past one month and this morning (while i didn't know it was launched) only thought of buying it if it comes in 9-10K. But its disappointing that though Galaxy Young is priced reasonable @ 8290 INR, this Fame is a way far overpriced, I mean wat is there in it to make a smartphone in over 10K range, only Jelly bean (that too morphed for underclocked CPU) !!! Be it display, CPU or most important battery, there is nothing to make the most of a smartphone. I was excited to see Young having 768 MB RAM and th8 the same for Fame. anyway for no nonsense guys I will recommend Huawei Y300 4" + Qualcomm CPU + 1780mAh + 7980 INR ) or canvas 2 (5" + 8MP + 10500 INR) .Even galaxy Young is considerable for those who doesnot want front camera.And a real good news for Gamers Canvas HD is out now for 10K with naked eye 3D experience( do give a shot for search, right !!). Going to place an order for Y300 as I am clear now !!!
if you are looking for a tight budget android phone then you can go for this one.. im using it since 2 years i purchased it from flipkart 2 years back.it has a good camera n 3g..n front camera is awesome..my friends regard my phone as selfie phone..it takes awesome selfies even samsung grand neo cant take better selfies than this.however if u are apps junkie and like to download a lot of apps, dont go for this it has a less RAM and proceesor is 1ghz... i use 10 downloaded and 8 inbuilt apps in my galaxy fame white.......it runs smoothly :)
do not buy this by just looking at the price. i bought this product impressed with its price and features. it worked well for few months but then its speed got really poor. it takes too much time to open anything. and if i switch on internet then the speed declines even further. battery life is just terrible. using internet for just 1 hr or so reduces half of its battery. with its slow speed it is almost impossible to do any work on it. it will work fine if you don't put many pictures, songs and videos in it.
i am buy this mobile in 2013,they are good function in starting 3 months,after their process soo slow,many times hanging the mobile,dont capable for multiple apps,the game apps totally unsatisfy to play,click to keypad the came after 1 mint.totally bad experience for me.
internal memory of this device is not 4gb rather it is 2... this device hangs a lot...have problem with its ram usage always be being used more than 80 % whether used or not or even having less no of application installed in.... stops working sometimes even and need to bre restarted....
I brought this phone last year. I am making very rough use of it, even it fell in water and dropped on ground for several times. Still its working with a bit of lagging and often gets switch off, alternatively restart is necessary. This review is based with respect to mobiles below 10k. Camera: 6/10 Speed: 4/10. Battery: 6/10. Touch: 7/10. Application Support: 7/10. Price: acceptable if budget is below 8.5k Rigidity:7/10 look: 7/10 Gaming experience: 6/10. Overall rating: 7/10..
This is Very bad idea if anyone go with this phone. I am using this phone from last 1 year. Phone processor is very slow. always hang. it take arround 10 - 25 seconds to open any application.
I have bought this mobile just one year back. from the first day itself i the mobile got started to hanging during calls. and this mobile went for service around 5 times i thought of burning it but i bought this mobile from my salary so. My advice is never buy samsung mobiles. its simply waste of money. i would have given 0 ratings but there is no such option here. enjoy with rating 1
Pls Dont buy this mobile..I cant find any Good Factor to say... Battery :2 hrs Camera : Nokia 2 MP is good then this Speed : Need to wait 5+seconds for taking Contacts also 10 Sec for camera Snap S/W : it ll restart for each and every 5 hrs SIM : mentioned as dual Sim..But one Sim is always Not reachable Service : Really i didnt see this kind Of service...Even 1000INR product have a good and Best service...I have explained all the issues above i said,support person simple say like " NEED TO UPDATE THE SW"
plz do not by this phone its hangs lot & u can not play lot of game above 50mb due to slow processor
So,guys here is the detail of a worst phone in a nutshell!!! whatever detail Samsung gave is true but of cheap quality. camera is ok, battery is worse(do remember), hangs a lot, u can't play most of the games exceeding 50MB (some times 20MB also) games due to low quality RAM & PROCESSOR(u can get good quality in other phone),not handy at all..I cant find any good feature at all, only satisfaction is that its android and helps me to connect to friend via messengers!!! really guy's its frustrating... avoid Samsung phones
I have been using it since last october.It is a very nice phone with very crisp display.The processor works fine untill you drop the phone.The camera is a very good one with availability of flash.It also works fine in low light. But the only con is its RAM.Its insufficient.And also if the phone drops from your hand it starts lagging.That is another disappointment. Overall it was a good phone then.But now a days 3.5 inch display is a deal breaker.But if you want a handy phone with a nice camera in this range you can opt for this.
good phone for the phone price... battery backup is less. display good.. phone memory is quite good.. phones ram is less compared to other.. very slow cant open contact too.. phone is not having good grip in hand slipps by hand more
the phone is packed wid lots of features.....at this price this is a good product...the only cons is low ram...but u cant expct more in such a low budgt....cam is 2 good....build quality is also good enough... OVER ALL A NICE PRODUCT
of course its come with good features I bought this mobile 8th month ago from flipkart no doubt its delivery super fast till now I am using this mobile if u want to buy this mobile for game then I absolutely tell you not buy this mobile otherwise u buy xolo,micromac and other product bcoz this device have single core processer less RAM right now you are going to buy this mobile plz don't buy this mobile mostly hanging problem plz search another product and other who bought this mobile already then i will give u advice ROOT ur mobile then u stopping hanging problem and u can't run 4.2 update in this device.
Please dont buy lower end samsung mobiles. They lag any time. If u go above 30k then only go for samsung. My galaxy fame will hang in simple operations. apart from gaming, U cont do even simple operations quickly.
this mobile is value for money. it consists all the features like video chatting, jellybean, wifi, GPS etc. Only resolution is not good and screen size is small.
This phone is good but, the RAM is very less. It should have been atleast 768 MB. Overall build quality is good. Camera is also of good quality. Nice budget phone.
not too good it hangs too much........................................................................
don't buy this,you'll surely regret after using handset for 10 min very very slow mobile even low memory games also lag in this handset waste of money
The phone is acceptable at its price point. I am happy with the purchase. I have used it for many months now and its a simple average phone. Nothing too exciting or depressing about it.
the bad one from Samsung. I bought this from Flipkart, but this mobile is soo laggy, . and poor one the hardware department of this phone is too poor.dont buy this please............
As with most android devices , updates makes this phone slower and slower to the extend that phone is unusable. If you choose not to update, well some apps may not be available. Mine is too slow now... planning for a factory restore.
hello,i recently purchased this galaxy fame and am myself out of fame due to my mistake of having purchased this phone. problems; GAMING:4 OUT OF 10 OPERATION:7 OUT OF 10 as mentioned on flipkart this mobile has 4gb internal memory but it doesnt make even 2.5 gb i dont know where is the rest.
Very reasonable price in Flip kart when I compared with market.Hats off to Flip kart Team for creating a new era in global online shopping. Resolution and looks are fine.Within Rs-8000, this mobile is treated to be one of the best mobile as I feel.
I'm not a fan of Samsung as such, own a lumia 920 and Nokia 105. Wanted to gift a phone to her but within price range of 10K. Most of the branded phones under 10K aren't having front cam. I needed one with front cam so that we could chat over skype.. hence went for this. So far, the performance of the phone is satisfactory!!
I have been using this cellphone from past 7 months, this cellphone gets hanged every now & then. To open any file it takes long time. Even to open our contact list or watsapp or camera it takes much time. Despite of 512 MB RAM & 4GB inbuilt the cellphone works very slow.I don't like recommend anyone this cellphone. Better you can go for some good cellphones by paying some extra bucks!!!! Need to mention that delivery time of flipkart is really fast. I got this cellphone in just 1 day.
Excellent seller, great product and shipping, highly recommended// till now i have an absolutely satisfactory experience with the seller WS Retail.
the phone lags when some applications are loaded. It also lags during dual sim and internet mode. The battery is worst as in six months it starts draining fast. Its a no buy now as slow processor low ram and lagging soft pegs it backwords
Samsung S6812 - Galaxy Fame is the best android smartphone for normal users . Its size and shape is the best suitable for me. Great features for less price. Battery backup is not that good while browsing internet but no a big problem for normal users who doesn't play games.
One of the finest midrange smartphone from samsung with almost all the features. Thanks flipkart food good shipping
about this roduct I am not highly settisfied because of performance of this product. in terms of samsung mobiles they are giving many problems like Hang Problem and all.
this is phone really works well on this price range, i think its best option because it has all needy feathers in this phone and it all works. if you mid user this phone is simply awesome as very low budget.
a great mobile from samsung at this price .....it never lags at this 768 mb ram like other mobiles lag little bit....its touch is also very nice .....camery quality is superb at this price segment....sound quality is good both in loudspeaker and in headphone .......handy mobile and a powerfull in small screen size.......you may go for it ....lovely mobile .......net speed also satisfactory.....
i purchased this phone and suffered heavily. worst processor, no multitasking, no games can be played smoothly, battery is always ready to die mode, always hangs and above all most of the times ppl may end up trying ur number but could never make a call on dis phone and it will simply give u a message dat last missed call......... don't make a mistake like as i did.
its mobile is super fast to use and samsung lowest mobile phone ever. the version is 4.2 and super ultra fast processor
Bought the phone at Rs. 7700. And is awesome at that price. But at around Rs. 10,000 S Duos or S Duos 2 would be a better choice.
The device Battery backup is very poor due to RAM 512 MB it always hangs So many time it is not responding suppose if you are in hurry and want to make a call you have to wait some time if you don't have patience then don't buy this product either you will brake this product in frustration it is my personnel experience.... Finally i want to suggest the @Samsung company that either they expand the device RAM and Battery backup or stop producing this device and think about their customer who trust on them for better
I am using this phone for last 6 months.this phone is really good.u will get exactly what you have paid for.speaker volume is a little less .that is the con i ve found in this phone.pros; too many...njoy the android experience ......
cheaper in flipkart.. 100% genuine (i was under hesitation because i heard my rumours about flipkart.com).. thanx flipkart.com
There is just one word Dont Buy this phone!!!!! Used and regret buying it!! Pro Camera is good Cons Jelly Bean makes the processor slow as the configuration is not apt for running such an advance Os Frequently hangs Multi Tasking is almost impossible
For me (being a first time user of a smartphone) ds is really ad best low priced budgeted android fone...i have been using ds fone fr d last 6 months but am sad n i wonder y ds has become "Out of Market" now!!! Pros is known by all (from d prev reviews) Cons: ^ battery drains a bit fast wen data or wifi is on...cant blame also as it comes wd only 1300mAh ^ screen is a bit washed out, dat is more visible during day time, (have to kp ot in full brightness mode, dat s also anothr battery drainer) ^ d fone hangs sometimes, so i keep most f d things in my 32GB memory card ............................... otherwise it suited me ... no issues as such i really liked it... cool sleek looking , somwhat S3 smaller version looks!!! :) :)
I think you would not get a better phone with the same price. For a starting smart phone experience this phone is very good especially when you want to manage office and personal sim in the same phone.
FEATURES R JUST AMAZING IN THIS PRICE. FLIPKART DELIVERED IT ON THE RIGHT TIME. GO AHEAD WITH THIS PRODUCT.
just dont go for samsung wrost compay ............... it always strucks ..... just go for htc or sony xperia ............ they are better than this .........
I HAVE RECEIVED THE PRODUCT IN 1 DAY OF ORDER AND IT IS THE BEST PRODUCT AT LOWEST PRICE OF THIS FEATURES AND I AM USING IT MANY APPS,WIFI,MOBILE DATA BUT TILL NOW IT HAS NOT GOT ANY PROBLEM.
I am not satisfied with this mobile, as it is too much laggy, despite its processor, android, the UI is not responsive, please buy some other phone in this range.
-this is an dual sim phone but does not indicate to which sim the message was recieved. -does not support any of the automatic call recorders. else the rest of the thing is fine as specified.
The phone has considerable lag while opening contacts and opening call log. Viewing photos via the gallery is slow too. I would not recommend this phone to anyone as the basic features dont work well.
this mobile is awesome at this price range. I found it better than few updated mobile samsung has released. application works well. Nowadays difficult to get in market.
Great service. Delivere timely and in perfect condition. The mobile is an absolute delight at the best possible price around markets near me.
I was looking for my first Smart Phone. Then I decided to buy a budget android phone. Really Galaxy phones are ruling on the market. This phone is enough to fulfill your basic desires. Don't expect too much. Not for gamers. Internet is awesome. Other specs are fabulous. Battery backup is up to ur usage. lasts a day. I think the Ram is not enough for Jelly Bean. Lags sometimes. U have to restart it. Anyway worth for ur money. U can grab it..................................
Super Quality Product from Samsung Galaxy product. Thank you flipkart.com. i am very happy to purchase this item. Superb
I gifted galaxy fame for my wife couple of months back, its a solid build quality phone with aluminium finish around the edges but with average performance, It lags a lot for every small application & is not capable enough of handling multiple applications, some of the Pros & cons: Pros: 1. Solid Build quality 2. Above average display 3. Latest Android 4. 3G + 2G + wifi + Bluetooth + GPS + Dual Camera Cons: 1. Very slow processor, lags a lot 2. No GPU 3. 5MP Camera is very poor, autofocus lags because of slow cpu 4. Shared RAM Its a very good combo at reasonable rate compared to other brands in the market, however if samsung had put a dual core it would have been really effective for multi mode applications.
hey i will keep this short ............. only plus of this phone is android & front camera .......... i bought this phone from flipkart about 4 months back & my brother bought lumia 520 ........... now i will compare these 2 phones fame plus points over lumia 520 1. Android 2. Front camera ............................ thats it Lumia 520 plus points over Fame 1. Dual core processer( alot faster than Fame's single core. Games never lag on Lumia but on Fame they lag alot, mostly Subway surfers) 2. Rear camera is better than Fame's 3, 4 inch screen 4. Display is better So in my opinion if u r able to get along with windows OS ..... Lumia is far better than Fame . As far as Flipkart's product & delivery is considered ............... its top notch
phone having very good camera at this price, battery is not up to mark if you surf drains very fast, lags during playing heavy game, probably not for heavy games, touch is good, screen size is good but not for them who use to access lots of mail, docs etc. still loving it..
Month back i purchased from FLIPKART pros Its Looking Cute excellent internet speed camera quality awesome LED flash light superb Sound Clarity very nice Very handy Battery backup ok for this screen size Wi-Fi connects very fast duel sim one i use for net, one i use for calls
I was very excited to buy this phone which was priced at Rs7799 when I bought it. To my disappointment, the phone did not turn out to be as good as it looks on paper. My unit used to lag a alot. To quote a few instances: the contacts screen takes around 7-8 seconds to come up, the phone lags while playing basic games like temple run, subway surfers. I would not recommend this phone if you are looking for a phone with quick performance. At this same price range I would recommend the Nokia Lumia 520 which has a dual core processor and higher screen resolution .
i have used this phone for 3 months now...and i am very much satisfied with it at this price range - Rs.7480/- The only problem is it doesn't support gaming....So not for people who want to play with mobile... Overall it is a good product...
price is low, bt slow in some times. Samsung Galaxy Fame Duos is a nice up-gradation over the Samsung Galaxy Ace Duos, a much popular handset in its segment. It comes with better looks, powerful processor, latest OS and at a better price.
awesome phone in super awesome price.. jst love it great features great touch ultimate camera super awesome flash totally a feature packed phone
This is great phone by Samsung...Purchased this phone in Spet.... Now this phone is out of stock on Flipkart and this phone is also not available in the market. Really appreaciate quick service of Flipkart. Cons: 512MB of Ram, So phone sometimes lags performance. Battery is drained quickly Pros: Camers is great and it is with flash Good screen size, easy in pocket Bright Screen Good Speakers Voice Headphones are ok Good Touch Response and many more...
this is value for money, but this phone can't play 720p video, not able to play hd game, but in mx player this phone can play 270p video but some fame was skipped, but the price of phone is low as compared to other, we can make video call over skype, line and all other apps very easily.
Brought this phone for my sister. I got this from flipkart for just 7799 rs. I think for that price the Galaxy Fame is a value for money buy. Because for that price we are getting , 1. android jellybean, 1Ghz prcsr, 512 MB ram, 4 GB memory 2. 3.5 inch screen 3. 5 MP rear camera with flash, VGA front cam CONS: 1.Because of only 512 mb of ram cant say the phone is lag free always. 2.Its display gives a washed out feeling nd the viewing angles are not so great. 3.while holding the phone I felt it is more heavy compared to its size But we cant complaint too much because of the less price we are giving for this phone. And I also got a one year extended protection from etechies worth rs 900 along with the phone for free.
i would just say awesome about this product.. the only thing is that RAM is 512MB, out of which u can use only a max of 100mb.. so you can not run more than 2-3 app at a time..
Hi All, I bought this mobile from the Flipkart (WS Retail) and frankly speaking about this mobile, Its a worth buying set. Good to use, superb features mainly good for video calling. Minor Issue with Battery performance however overall cool mobile for use. Mozammil Shamsher
THIS PHN WS TOTALLY NYC BT I DIDNT LYKD D DISPLAY BT ANYWAYZ IT SHATTERED MY ALL HOPE BY GETTIN SICK AFTER 12 DAYS NW M NIETHER GETTIN A NEW PHN NOR FLIPKART SHOWING ANY INTEREST TO HELP ME OUT........
This is a budget Android phone. Compare to Galaxy S duos this one is good one...but Screen size small... other things are good... Pros: Excellent voice clarity. Low Price (I bought mine for 7800)
Now that Samsung is renaming its every phone as 'Galaxy', I thought of giving the 'Fame' a try. I was a nokia customer for five years but shifted to Samsung after my previous mobile suddenly stopped working. Fame was a disappointment for the first few weeks (bought it in August 2013) as it came loaded with applications that I did not require but couldn't delete & was extremely slow. To give you an idea of its slugginess - it took a minimum of 18 seconds to load simple phonebook (forget the time for other applications). for those weeks, I thought about selling it even posted online ads for which i got over 20 responses. but then a friend of mine taught me to clean the cache and downloaded AVG cleaner which takes care of freeing the non-essential memory. This made the speed improve a little (mind you - it still takes around 8 seconds to load phonebook, but that much delay i can live with). My use for a phone is only to make and recieve calls and ocassional messaging. Fame lets me do that fairly easy, so I've dropped the plan for selling it for another six months or so. It's a basic phone, calling it a basic smartphone just because you can download WhatsUp & FB messages would be an exaggeration. Don't expect it to give you any speed once you download any application. You'll have to remove it ultimately.
very bad processing speed so donot buy it. i think you must buy some other like which have at least 1 gb ram because for android 1 gb ram and 1ghz processor is ver necessary. it is exilir for every android phone
I've used this phone for about two months now, & it's the best "branded phone" at this price.. the only thing wrong about it is: 445MB RAM is not so good, & flipkart says it has 4GB internal memory, but it has only 2GB. (at least my one) & it could have been a bit bigger. but it's one of the best phones for that price! it has: android jelly bean, good front camera, good 5mp primary camera with flash, & all the sensors you need. overall, it's not bad at all!
I ordered this phone in flipkart at 6th sep-2013 and got delivery on 11th september.In my 1 months experience it is a good phone,I got it for rs-7799 from flipkart.Now price increased,Nice phone with good camera quality.flash also effective can also used as torch light when in darkness.Fm with recording, friond camera 3g, wifi, blue tooth ,data cable with hotspot can use internet in pc using the phone.A good all in one phone in low budget.Video quality is also good ,video recording is not HD but not bad.
Has all the features of high end phones at low cost! This model has front and back cameras, unlike the other low cost touch screen models which have only one camera. The battery tends to use up fast if you do not take care to disable Bluetooth, etc when not in use. Highly recommended for the budget conscious.
value for money. con: slow in processing Only one of the SIMs can use 3G at a time. pros: complete package Excellent voice clarity. Good loudspeaker volume. Good battery life. Light and compact phone. Looks pretty much standard Samsung Galaxy. Dual Standby
product is good. performance of this product is much better than galaxy y. camera quality is good.. backup of the battery standby is more than 10 hours.. totally nice.. i like it
i have got this phone with offer price of 7300 which makes the buy worth . . it has got flash and camera quality is average . . the only problem this phone got is that its hangs very often . . the rest of the features are really good for the phone at this price range .. if your looking for a budget phone this is the best deal you could get
It is a good product.It is better than samsung galaxy s duos because it has 1 GHz Processor 5 MP Primary Camera 0.3 MP Secondary Camera FM Radio with Recording Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB Wi-Fi Enabled Android v4.1 (Jelly Bean) OS Dual SIM (GSM GSM)
This is a nice phone ! But not meant for gaming. Please join the google plus community for any query or support. https://plus.google.com/communities/109362799493213923900. Bought it @ 7300 with a 8 gb mmc free!!
guys it lags sometimes i can understand but in 8k you are getting so many features yaar. so better to skip that problem.. But 1300mah battery backup is realy good.. apart from that i dont have any complaint on that phone. i love fame...
i would like to thanks flipkart for this amazing deal & fast delivery of the phone. market price was around 9500 & flipkart gave 8gb sandisk as freebie too with the phone. phone is good as per budget & configuration. sound quality in headphone is amazing but ram is little disappointing for subway surfers & temple run 2. but all the above no one get I-phone in 7800. so it is good.
I Bought this little beast for 7800rs. It is just amazing. Pros: Jelly Bean Superb music system .(Music is tooooooooooo good in ear phone.)-For music lovers Supports all Application. 2GB for app installation Good battery backup.(I used wifi for 4hr continuously but 50% charge is still remaining) Fits the hand not too big and not too small. Screen clarity is good for this price. Cons: 512 mb ram.Eventhough it is good after installing more than 40 apps Micro SIM( But you can easily make a micro sim from a old SIM) Sometime hangs but not always. Dont think just buy it. You will be happy with it.
The color of the phone was completely black under fluorescent light and the in-built memory was just 2 GB. I wonder if I was conned by the seller. But the other regular features seem to be working fine although I haven't tried all the apps yet.
Steal Deal...just go for it...No doubt it will reach your expectations if you are middle level android user...If you are professional android user I don't know... I am 100% satisfied with product & 200% satisfied with delivery...I ordered on sunday it reached me on tuesday...If in hyd,it will reach before 24 hours...coming to product..camera(photos) is so great and flash light is wonderful... Rating 4.5/5...the rating decreased to 0.5 because some called it small screen(3.5 inches) but it is so much great deal for 7799/-...when I contacted univercell,Bigc in our locality they said the price is 10000/- For those who are complaining regarding MP4 videos not playing,just download MX player...It is playing all videos with same clarity on PC... Big assets....Camera(photos),flashlight,latest android version,Dual active sim(you can get call to other number when one sim is inactive)...
I bought this phone one month back and it is working very well. So happy that the price has now increased and I bought it at the right time. I am not a high end user and this is the first fon that I am buying with my money(proud about that :) ) pros: -excellent camera and amazing flash..too much for a 5 MP cam. -front cam is also great, I even take pics using the front cam -nearly 2 GB internal memory -great display but need to increase the brightness when you go out..I always put it at lowest level to save battery -sound quality good enough, even the headset that you get with the phone is fair enough -great looking for the price - best purchse for the money 7.6K(I even got an additional 200rs off as freedom offer) -charger length is enough -fast browsing - great touch sense cons -low batery back up, eventhough I have put only a single sim the batry doesnt last a day even in low bright settings but the internet is turned on most of the time -The main issue that I face is that the phone hangs while playing games but it works better when you close all other apps however I dont play games now as the phone would hang -phone runs a little slow when the internet is on -the guarantee paper along with the pack is not signed..I have no idea what to do with it..need a little help with it pls.. -head set work could have been a little better but it is just good now. - Overall this is the best phone that you can get at this age of technology for this cost..I checked the whole mobile phone market before buying this phone as it is my first purchse..I am really really happy with it..and THANKYOU SAMSUNG AND FLIPKART..I AM going ahead to buy a basket ball shoe with that discount 200 you offered back to my account..Thanks again..
Really if U r only looking 4 7-8K best smartphone thn go 4 it. but flipkart service is really sucking nowadays. m regularly buying here & getting the things in 15 days. Truly U need to improve your delivery speed.
thanks to flipkart for their lightning fast delivery. the phone is great but has poor display outdoors :( you'll get jelly bean out of the box which is great :) it has a great camera, a powerful LED flash there are to many preloaded apps which are of no use to most of us so rootinf may be required over all its the best phone at this price tag and also you get a 8gb SD card free :D
Having all basic features of a smartphone ... Product delivered within one day by Flipkart. Advantages: 3.5" capacitive touchscreen Android OS 4.1.2 Jelly Bean with Nature UX 1 GHz Broadcom BCM21654G CPU 5 MP autofocus camera with LED flash, face and smile detection 0.3MP secondary camera Disadvantages: Mediocre display Poor video codec support 512 RAM (445 Visible Ram) Nearly 3 Hours Charging Time
This is the best mobile u can get in 7700 Rs. Its got a good camera. Good specification. The only downside is the screen which is a bit short on pixels. And the speaker is just enough and not upto the mark. But its ok. Overall Good phone 4 stars out of 5
Good mobile but display is cheap if u little tilt your phone u won't see any thing I went to the shop I saw xperia e display that was very nice. specifications wise both mobile have same display, I though fame must have same display but after receiving the phone I shocked twice 1) I have to cut my sim 2) display is like cheap nokia mobile. Very dull colors. If u can compromise with display this phone is nice.
First of all thanks to Flipkart. I gone for several things on flipkart and they delivered with ease. Fame is really make to fame... excellent phone in hand. I luv it to hold everytime. Yes phone has certain limitation due to its pricetag. But I am sure this is the best phone in this range... Go for IT!!!!
it was my first Samsung Smart ph .Far n wide now samsung but what are actually they are when i bought the ph i could realised.you cant transfer downloaded apps to ur external memory that mean u can download omly limited number of apps in thios 2GB Internal memory why?but this feature is available on other companie's smart phs but not in samsung. Although it posses 1 ghz processor runs not fast as expected,Temple Run like game often gets hangs.And the most funny feature i watched in this ph that is u cant set wallpaper from ur external memory when only SIM 1 is on standby mood.Bah samsung what a creation. it was my first Samsung Smart ph n will be last too. I know Sony is better but as the configuration was very gud so i went for this samsung but it totally disgusting. But thx to Flipkart for their Service n customer satisfaction processes. It was my First Online Shopping n it was also from Flipkart. I will again buy from flipkart.Its reliable.Thx to flipkart again
It's been nearly 2 months after i have purchased samsung galaxy fame when there was first initial price drop of this model on flipkart. I had purchased it for Rs.7480. Earlier the price was more than 10k which was too high for this model. The phone has all essential basic features what a smartphone should have. The camera both primary and secondary alongwith flash are same as that provided in Samsung galaxy Quattro. The processor 1ghz is ok but due to 512mb ram it takes few seconds 10-15 secs to open call log or when multiple applications are open. The phone is overall very handy and 3.5 inch screen size is sufficient. Skype calls are very smooth with no lacks, sound quality is also very clear and good.Not a good phone for gamers. Metallic blue colour is much better than the white colour.!! Screen touch is very smooth. Remember the phone uses microsim. Samsung fame is the best branded phone in under 8000 category. It is better than sony Tipo, Song xperia E in all aspects. People going for samsung galaxy S duos or Ace or Samsung galaxy young should consider buying Fame as it is much better. After the price drop in this model on flipkart which is offering this at a price very very much lower price than other online shopping websites , i will say go for it. I am satisfied with samsung fame. Regarding flipkart delivery it wasn't upto mark , got the phone after 1 week after complaining customer care.
First of all thanks to flipkart for having such a good experience of buying product online.i m writing this review after using this phone for 10 days.its a very nice phone having all the features u need in this digital era. i am a technical nd music lover person so firat of all i ll talk about its music quality..its really awesome the headphone is really awesome.camera is descent both front nd rear and u guys will really feel proud having this phone wen u ll see its front camera even though its .3 mp but its very nice.talking about its performance The JB is quite good and wrking very smoothly so as the touch screen.the ram is bit less but its more than enough wifi is is excellent net surfing omg its awesome.Battery backup is good call quality is even better.its a really value for money.i ll highly recommend to u all if u r looking for a low budget high end android phone.Just go for it b4 u regret..nd thnx once again Flipkart having a such fantastic online shopping service...
am punched this mobile in last month , samsung galaxy fame s6812 mobile call recorded many type apps install but it is not working in my hand set, so please help me which call recorded apps support in my hand set (samsung galaxy fame s 6812)
Friends !! it is a great deal. Completely satisfied with the phone and one of its kind.. I bought this phone 1 month ago and its performance has amazed me. Beautifully designed, features as said and much more. The only thing happened is to have a micro sim.
No difference at ol compared to S Duos .. it has more features dan S Duos like jelly bean os .. nice 1 .. But i wanted single sim :( But no other go bought dis because of its high end features. Samsung Rockzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ..
A very good phone under 8000.Touch is smooth(3.5 inch Screen),normal games are playable,it is very handy and mainly it provide 5 MP camera with facing camera. Only one problem is with battery backup which is not so usable. This mobile is available in only two color White and blue.Samsung should provide more colors to this product. Service is awesome by flipkart,within 3 days they delivered phone with best and safety packing.
I got the phone delivered in 2days.thnx flipkart.A superb android 4.1.2 jelly bean phone for Rs7400. The local store price in my city is 10000. so it was a great profit. The touch is very sensitive....and 1Ghz processor gives a good speed. Though the RAM is 512....but its sufficient for casual gamers, net surfing etc. only drawback is the Battery..... net surfing causes horrible drainage of battery....but gives good backup if phone not used for net,gamming....etc.........at last good value for money
The Mobile is very good.its fast.all games and high priority games can be played.no problem.its an awesome mobile.Excellent.it is very fast due to 1ghz processor.................It can be handeled easily.samsung young is good but it is nt so good as samsung fame......................................................................
Yesterday I had received my order, Samsung S6812 - Galaxy Fame. I had ordered this one on 3rd September. This mobile fulfills all of the words of Flipkart, except the size of internal memory. Flipkart says that it has 4GB internal. But actually it has only 2GB internal memory. Actually the main fact is, originally this mobile has 2GB internal memory (I know that from Samsung official website). So I request u all to remember my words before purchasing this mobile. Otherwise "Samsung S6812 - Galaxy Fame" is awesome with Rs 7699/-. Thank you Flipkart........Thank you all.....Good luck.
This is one of best Model at this price with 5 mega pixel camera, feather touch screen, android 4.1, front camera. better than Galaxy Y 6312 at same price I dont know why this model was not so famous.
3 people who are known as well close to me bought this phone from different places and all 3 handsets have miserably failed to deliver any value. This handset hangs a lot though there was no application downloaded and eventually after a month became useless i.e. doesnt switch on.. And surprisingly, all 3 handsets are not working now.. When contacted samsung service centre, they upfront acknowledge that there is problem with this model and motherboard needs to be replaced which takes around 15 days... DONT BUY...!!
Introduction: This phone is targeted to people who want to use email, chat, Internet Browsing, Youtube, Calls and Dual Sim This phone is not for people who wanted to play games(Any small game), Clear display, ebook reading, watching movie etc. Highlights: 4 Star rating 1. Build Quality 2. Decent browsing (if u have used android 2.2 or 2.3 versions before) 3. We chat, wats app or any other chat applications runs like a cake walk 4. Can download any required business app from play store with out hassels 5. Good 3G speed and dual sim 6. Excellent auto focus back camera - 5 MP with flash 7. Can do video calling or video chat without any lags 8. Decent speaker 9. Dosent cause noise while vibrating 10. Android 4.1.2 11. Good samsung interface Average: 2.5 Star rating 1. Back Panel 2. Front Camera 3. Browsing speed 4. Call Clarity - No noise cancellation but still very good 5. Screen Clarity Bad: 1. No Graphics card, even small game hangs the mobile 2. Need to reboot at times 3. Few lags and error while browsing 4. No auto brightness, you need to increase and decrease mannually I am satisfied with this mobile as i was using a android 2.2 before and i like to browse a lot. Thanks to samsung for this model where u have all stuff that a basic smart phone should be. Except the games part.
a good one at this price..... looking to buy one more should price come down..... !!! touch sensitivity is smooth... good... camera picture quality is also good... a gud buy under Rs. 8000 I would say..
RAM(512 MB) is too less that's why, its not working fast. hang problems when u touch any icon, it will take 15-20 sec to open that app. its very irritating to wait for any apps. same thing happens with calling, it take time to open keypad, contact... better to go for samsung Young (RAM 786). one more thing, flipkart is showing RAM for both the mobile same as 512 MB. so pls guys, u check some other sites also...... thanks
nice mobile wit good camera quality dut we can see lags and baterry back up s verry average................. i also can apreciate some problem in switching the network from gsm to wcdma because it will 3g for only one at atime over all gud mobile for new users
About FLIPKART Delivery..... I ordered the phone on 24th Aug.(evening) and it got delivered to me on 26th Aug.(morning).Simply awesome..... Now about GALAXY FAME..... PrOs:-- 1}5 mp rear camera which has auto-focus and LED flash 2}Secondary camera support for occasional skype calls 3}3.5 inches display(which is not too small) 4}Touch sensitive buttons which are backlit 5}Excellent sound quality 6}Latest version of ANDROID(i.e.,JellyBean) CoNs:-- 1}Battery drains out a bit faster 2}occasional lag can be noticed while playing highend games So,the phone is a great value for money......Go 4 it......Don't think twice....
very good experience with Flipkart, purchased few products with flippy. Time on delivery as mentioned and very very good price compare to other sites. But this phone is not very effective only for office use, email, chating. Except gaming this is best phone.
I bought this mobile before 15 days. No doubt its rocking with JB and 1Ghz processor. In fact its better than S duos for those who want moderate screen, easy to handle with one hand. Quickly I'll summarize its features.. Pros-- 1 Easy/ quick handling. 2 Full of latest features like GLONAS, Wifi direct, Bluetooth teathring etc. 3 1Ghz Arm v7 is too good for handling all latest apps and games as well. 4 Although RAM is lagging the heavy apps. But you can always close background apps using tools. 5 Pixels density is optimum, can play 320px videos without any stretching marks also can handle 640px, 854px even HD videos very smoothly. 6 Auto focus camera is superb even in low light. You can get photos upto 3 MB. 7 Video quality is awesome in this range it shoots 640px HQ videos with bit rate more than 2Mega bit ps. I have compared with Xperia Tipo, E and J all are poor. It takes 2 mins video with size 20 MB approx. 8 Google products are awesome running smoothly. Pros-- 1 Flash light is too bright, makes every time people to close their eyes while shooting photos in night. 2 Heavy apps doesn't open sometimes we need to restart it. 3 Samsung should have given atleast 150Mh battery as battery performance is poor. 4 RAM is limited to 455MB so we can't minimize more apps at once.
Hi All..I have been using this phone for the last few days. You can buy without thinking. Sound: Good Camera: Awesome Touch:No issue so far Internet: Fine&depends on your service provider Gaming: Nice over all a good handy phone I like it. Thanks to Flipkart Satheesh
I Bought The Mobile From Flipkart And The Delivery Is Too Fast... I Got It The Very Next Day Itself..!! Coming to The Phone... I would just Say... WOW!! I Got A 5 MP Cam With Flash And Also A Secondary Cam Along With Jelly Bean And 1 Ghz Processor... For Just Rs.7699/-!! One Can Definitely Go For this.. I Dint Face Any Problem Till Now... I Have been Using The Phone for a Week And Im Completely Satisfied With the Product... People Are Complaining About The battery... But For Me... Its Fine... Could Play Music At Full Volume For more than 4'and half hrs Continuously... For An Avg User(Calls, Texting and playing for sometime)... Battery Easily lasts For more than 1 and half day... UI Lag Is very rare... if you open too many apps... u may find some lag but not to the extent that it irritates you... may be a half second like that... later it becomes fine.. it happens mostly when you switch from one app to another... once switching is done... lagging is rare... could run 13 apps without any lag... i couldn't test more than that... no lag even while playing temple run along with music player on... seriously cant expect more than this at this price range!! Games Are Really Playable!! Im Satisfied With The Quality Of the Camera Provided... And Even The resolution Of the Screen Is Really Good... And For Those Who Are complaining About Screen resolution... I Would Say Please Check The Price What You Are paying Before expecting more.. Pros: -3.5 inch Screen -Jelly Bean -5MP Primary Cam With Flash and VGA Secondary Cam -UI Lag Is Very rare... -Good Resolution -Could play Temple Run 2 And Subway Surfer without Any lag! Cons- -Battery Is Ok For Avg Users... -Not For Hardcore Gamers Or People Who Want a Longstanding Battery! -Micro Sim( Have To Cut Normal Sim to make It Fit Into The Phone. Of-course Micro Sim Adapters Are Available If We want to Keep The Micro Sim In Normal Sim Slots). According To Me... This Is The Best Phone In This Price Range!!! Just Go For It!!!
GOOD PRODUCT .IM VERY HAPPY FOR PURCHASING FROM FLIPKART.AFTER I PURCHASED I REFFERD MANY PEOPLES TO FLIPKART.IS FAST AND GENUNE.BUT THE UPDATES OF PRODUCT DESPATCH IS TOO LITTLE LATE IT MAY CAN DO BETTER.BUT THE PRODUCT IS FULLY SEALED AND WE CAN OPEN IT DIRECTLY PACK
I have bought myself a Galaxy Fame Duos (not from Flipkart). What I must tell you is at this price, it is definitely a steal deal. Now coming back to the specs and performance of the phone, the phones pretty small and is ideal for one hand usage, battery life is not so good but it lasts a full day with moderate use. And for all you gamers out there, bad news, the processor in this phone cannot support high end games but you can freely play temple run 2, subway surf, etc without any lag. Now, coming to the camera, the phone has a decent 5 MP camera with LED Flash, it takes fairly nice pics in broad daylight but lacks a good apperture, hence images taken in dark are blurred and not clear. Sometimes the phone does lag on switching between apps but it won't bother you much. The front camera is horrible for doing skype and other video calls but at this price range you have to compromise on certain features. Jelly Bean out of the box is a great thing and a 1 GHz processor is not bad at all. But, the default samsung headset that you get with the headset is old fashioned and not in-ear headphones as most of the smartphones nowadays come with, but as I said earlier with a tight budget you need to compromise on certain features. Another hassel is both the SIMs are Micro SIM, you need to visit a local mobile store or your network provider for getting your SIM cut into a smaller version (I will not suggest you to cut the SIM of your own with a blade even if you know the way to do it). Anyways, at this price the feature you get is amazing and Flipkart is selling at a cheaper price than the market, so guys if you want a mid budget phone with some smartphone features just go for it, trust me, you wont regret. Thanks a lot for reading my review.
first of all, thanks to flipkart services, got my order in 4 days, as stated. regarding product- i would rate this phone 5 out of 5, because, at this price, nobody is selling such a config in the market. And , if you look at the date of launch of the model, it's around march 2013, means it's quite new as compared to other rivals. got sleek, comfy and stylish design. camera both(primary+secondary) are superb. touch sense is just amazing. Display, i don't understand why ppl are complaining of it, i mean there's no such issue, it's pretty good. sound- nice. jelly bean is soothing over the hardware. well regarding ram and battery, there's little bit disappointment as, battery drains too fast if using wifi or gprs continuously for 3-4 hrs, ram is 512 mb, but user gets around 150 mb as usable initially, one should have ram booster or sth like that in order to get smooth functioning sometimes. i am not a mobile gamer, so can't tell about that part right now. overall, this phone is worth for every single penny i spent on it. :)
I bought this mobile on 15 August and received this on 19 August, this is awesome mobile, this mobile features are so much good. we can use multiple gtalk, and receive chat on any id any time good camera quality awesome battery backup is very good internet is so fast on vodafone and airtel sim and now i have not used fully feature will use and experience this if any buddy buy branded and low price android phone, so i will say buy this mobile, this is good, best, awesome looking.
Day 1 of use, bought it from a local dealer and already facing problems. The software update is slow, net is extremely slow. Data connection is not proper and charger defective. Small handset makes it difficult to type messages. Camera is average 5MP one with a good flash. Over all a poor product from Samsung. Most dealers have stopped purchasing the model and just liquidating existing stock at low rates.
i bought this 15 days back every thing is good, camera clarity is better than s duos, wifi connectivity is also superb. but some highend games willnot work, except that every thing is fine thanks to samsung
Phone is no doubt good except it's battery condition. And also Software is slow a little bit.Otherwise it's a great phone from samsung. Sound is very nice. Camera condition is good and also it has front camera that other brand like sony don't provide
hiii...gyzzz m usiing this phn frm 2 days its wrrrkkngggggg goood screen qlty is also goood and its owwssm...i recmmnd fr it to alll...and its suprrrt very good qlty video chattng... bt its not fr gamers.............
It is about to be 22nd hour since receipt of the phone and here goes my feedback. If some one considers Samsung brand then this one is definitely value for money. I have switched from Canvas2 and realized that Canvas2 is lot better. Screen size may be good for new android users but for others 3.5 is very small. Samsung have customized UI and not much pleased there since it is using 350mb memory by itself. Canvas2 was not tweaked and hence usage was 220mb. Will give more details as I use it.
Just want to say buy it. Camera very good with flash .. front cam is a bonus 512 mb ram nice for average gaming .. intetnal usable memory is almost 2 gb .. hmmm nice Buttery smooth response ... fasttest camera in this class.. For this price its a loot Ya its dual sim too ... 3g wifi wat else u want ... 7500. Rs only ... galaxy s duos is like a nude man in front of this device .. Flipkart is always great .. for its service and commitment ...
flipkart is now offering good items in reasonable price. phone is working well purchased for my young bro. in low price its a god phone,
I bought this phone for my dad, as this was his first android phone. I myself use the canvas hd so I am not new to using micromax or any other brand. This phone is great value for money. Pros >decent camera >front camera(skype works perfectly), as many good branded companies don't offer it so this is a big plus >decent processor(well, its only 1ghz but is not laggy, though my dad won't play any game but i did played temple run 2 which was quite smooth) >its samsung, yes brand value matters, i know this because i am a micromax user myself though my phone is good but samsung does have a huge edge over micromax >feature like turn over to mute and shake for update are there which is awesome >samsung smart dual sim, which is good >good screen size(not big but definitely not too small) cons >bad screen, its only hvga so looks washed out. wvga would have been appreciated,so not the best they could have offered >not so fast processor, though the phone is smooth but today dual core or even quad core is available in this price bracket, so gamers don't buy >camera, though its 5mp but not the best 5mp. its ok does the job. conclusion I would suggest you to buy this product if you want a good branded phone and don't want to spend too much. its a pure budget phone and you wouldn't regret buying it, unless u like playing loads of games !
Good phone for this price from a brand like samsung with average specs on this price range. happy to have it. Other phones me offer more features but aren't samsung, brand quality. Flipkart delivery was also good, got it on time.
samsung best product in this price range... advantages: 3.5 inch screen though it's not a fabulous screen bt far better to be experienced latest android os butter smooth u hv really enjoyed this battery last almost 1.5 days for medium usage bt without internet & game it last almost 2days specially google play store marvellous apps camera is 5 mp with flash it clicks too good in day bt night someway lag bt it has powerful flash... bt as usual it has no. of cons screen is too much good ram is abit low. U hv to install ram booster or ram cleaner to avoid lagging & operate buttey smooth i bought from flipkart on 10th aug & till now i just amazed using this really marvellous product
After researching for about 1 month I finally ended up buying the Samsung Galaxy Fame. And believe me the phone is worth the research. It is excellent in every aspect considering the price tag. ---The Jelly Beans 4.1.2 is buttery smooth. ---The 5MP camera takes excellent shots in daylight and the flash too gives god result. ---Games like Temple Run 1,2 and Subway Surfer run without any lag. Finally the phone is worth buying and gives a good competition to other phones in the price range.
samsung galaxy Fame mobile looks like very nice and awesome mobile advantages; >dual sims with micro sims >5mp camera >pearl white color >video call >flash light >chrome disadvantages >processor is slow > little bit hanging >games graphics is too bad >when shut on it takes time to use but filpkart service is too good i can give 5stars for it nt for this mobile oly for it 3 stars and
looks beautiful and premium.. performance average... camera good... dual sim.. resolution decent.. you cant ask more from samsung at this price tag... good buy.........................................................................................................................................................................................................
Thanks to Flipkart for delivering very short time...this phone very pretty for android beginner..after so many confusion i got this budget mobile....good touch,camera clarity with flash,all gaming requirements covered rs 7799 really good......my friend told me to buy sduos it overcomes s duos except 768MB RAM...its only 512MB RAM.....but am not preferring this mobile for only games.....but u have to use micro sim only...now a days many mobile service centers done ths..those who want simple and compact mobile....surely u can buy..
Simply a very good mobile front cam,3G, DOC Viewer, advanced OS good one. 3.5 touch screen conf call avail sound effect also good ....................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................
i just bought mine if u want to have a budget android phone below 9k then this should be your pick. but, i should say it lags a few times if u play any high configurated games or watch 720p vdos rest all is fine and total worth :)
this is my first android phone and feeling great to have this model, just purchased one day before and looks like a excellent models for beginers, just go for it, someone has written battery concenrs, but till now i haven't feel, dispay good, latest version jelly bean, good camera, good voice quality
first of all thank you flipkart for gave this wonderful offer and deliver it in correct time... the phone is very good handy phone..... but its battery is low mah power (i think so 1300mah is not enough) also its ram is low only 512mb that's the disappointments i have..
Phone is decent, value for money.I don't expect much, most features available in less cost. Great deal, don't wait for second thought. Go head u may miss the chance.............. completely satisfied!!!!
I have placed an order for Samsung Galaxy Fame and I received it in 3 days. Service they provided is excellent. Mobile is well packed and in good condition. I am using the product and it is very nice. Best part is the price, which is very less when compared to all other websited and the retail store. I searched all the online portals and few retail stores nearby to confirm. I am very much pleased with the product and the service I have received.
Great phone, no lags. blue color really looks good. Great service from Flipkart. Ordered on Sunday afternoon got it on Tuesday afternoon. The processor although 1 Ghz single core is enough to handle basic tasks.
its really value for money item. the touch screen is so much smooth. the display is also outstanding performance. i just buy this phone in 7600/- rs which is less as compare to market prize. Isse sata, Behtar aur kaha
I wanted a decent smartphone in this range. I was really confused especially between s duos and some indian brand phone.But i chose this one bcoz-1)good back and front camera with strong flash.2)feather smooth touch.3)casual gaming(tried temple run 2 n subway surfers,worked fine.4)decent battery backup.5)jelly bean with nice samsung keyboard.6)not hanging.7)A trusted brand.8)very light weight n nice looking. If u want these features just go for it.
It is good Mobile having excellent camera front & rear. Sound quality is good. Memory (internal) is good. Price is less considering features. But it does not support any call recorder I tried a lot of call recorder apps but no one work on this phone. Data off apps also don't work on this mobile. RAM is less but it can work. I downloaded about 140 apps (no gaming app) though it works fine. Flipcart service is excel.
as we all know that first try then believe same for this one..... good battery ,handy size ,good camera a bit less ram for the gamers and cpu is also a bit old good for normal work but not for gamers rest upto user use .........hard gamers please dont buy ...... But for android starters its the phone ...................... For flipkart owsome service again and mine was for only 8000 with a 8 gb memory card ......where shop price was 10700 hard to buy.........
MY PERSONAL OPINION TO ALL OF YOU THIS MOBILE IS INCLUDED ALL THINGS WHICH IS IN YOUR MIND, NOTHING IS LEFT. SAMSUNG KA DUMDAR PPRODUCT APKO FLIPKART SE SASTA KAHIN NAHI MILEGA. AAP IS MOBILE KO LEKAR HAMESHA KHUSH HI RAHOGE DUKHI NAHI, BAHUT MAST MOBILE HAI
First of all the flipkart delivery was not that great as expected. Within a city it took them 2 days to deliver it to me. Second the phone is quite good but not the best. 1. The 3.5 inch screen is very small. (Earlier i was using galaxy ace then switch to grand maybe that's why) 2. Most of the basic games like temple run 2 and F18 were running very smooth but crashing often. Subway surfers works smooth as butter and doesn't crashes, but remember to empty ram before playing. 3. What's app was working fine but i found the screen size too small to chat or browse images. I know the price is too low plus a brand like samsung is a trusted brand and one shouldn't expect more. I have 2-3 samsung phones 2-4years old and still they are working fine not even a single problem. But when you can get dual core/quad core phones with larger displays which do work for 1-2years from brands like Lava, Micromax, Karbon etc... at the same range then why should one go for samsung??? I am switching to Lava as my next experiment let's see, it's dual core 5" at just 7k :)
Dear friends i bought this from flipkart @ 7480 n its xcellent.samsung brand matters.Features and design is outstanding.This model rocks than other brands at this price range. Flipkart service is awesome.......thanks flipkart
Its too good to use and its very easy to use. Touch is very sensible and camera clarity is perfect , its very cool to use apps in Galaxy Fame. My friends using higher prize phone but my fame is more faster and smarter then my friends
Hi, Good phone and coupled with brilliant service from Flipkart. Yet to review the product, but am impressed with service of Flipkart. Thank you. Proud owner of a good galaxy fame phone. :). Only thing is that they don't allow to open the phone prior to signing the delivery receipt.
Simply i can say that its a good phone in that price range. I am using the phone from last one week but the performance of cell is just ok. first bad thing is its battery, if u use the phone for whole day then u have to neccessarily charge it 2 times a day. Second thing is its 512mb RAM, which is not enough for a dual sim phone.
samsung products all are good.this phone samsung fame s6812 screen quality,screen size and battery works superb,android 4.1 jelly bean,touch is also good,cam 5mp with flash,secondary cam not bad.at this cost good mobile.i will prefer it to my friends also
I just loved FLIPKART awesome delivery i get this product in just 2 days great and product SAMSUNG 6812 is just flawless. Everything in just 7600 rs great. But Samsung uses much more space that does not required
pretty goooooooooood fone! brilliant camera and playback of video is brilliant it even supports mkv and which is pretty good in such a budget phone,i got it for 7599,pretty less of what is it in the market
micro sim worked after careful scissor cutting. couldnt find wifi accesss point (wifi net and wifi direct only were found) One sim stays 3G and the other 2G Evening photos are a little skaky. (as autofocus doenst focus on full photo area.) video is VGA only photo is ok (will do)(not as good as nokia C503) free ram is 100 MB for user after the crapware pre installed. security of phone lost of samsung is too perfect. (using tracker) It dint play mp4 videos downloade from youtube,.. maybe newer player will be req than inbuilt one.
Great phone at lowest price ever. Price of it in market of it 7480 which is almost 3000 less the the market price of it. And the price is lower the SAMSUNG GALAXY YOUNG S6312. This phone we can get 5mp camera with auto focus Flipcart is safe and good. Then why we go anywhere Just waitin for delivery
