MOBD9MZ6FPCVWSGV
I was confused whether to take Moto Atrix 2 or S advance.The reason why I went with S advance is that due to lack of proper support from Moto in India(Samsung are having a good time in India and are releasing phones even before US) and 16 GB internal memory. Build Quality: It is Usual Samsung design,may be all plasticky but very light weight,and there is not sufficient grip and little slippery on the sides(An case would solve this and of course you would definitely buy a case to protect your near 20000 bubble). Except the home button all physical buttons are having good tactile response and are placed well. Notice that 3.5mm audio jack is placed at the bottom of the handset and sometimes irritates when you are listening music you need to keep the phone in bottom up position and then if some notification comes up and when you take it out your pocket and you will be confused a little. Touch responsivenes: As expected from Samsung,delivers the goods. No connectivity issues with either network(didn't use 3G) or wifi. Display: At this price range,the best display you will get. But the sunlight visibility can be improved(even with full brightness,the display seems to be dim,typical of AMOLED display). Indoors zero brightness is enough. Sound: Forget that external speaker is there,the output is very low. The provided earphones are good,may not have bass,but clarity is nice. Performance: Android 2.3 runs without any issues.Have downloaded many apps but didn't lag at all,till the user accessible 512 MB RAM is full. I am not much into games,but i played Dead Trigger without any issues.It's GPU is same as the S2.I sided with S advance because the processor is latest compared to atrix 2 OMAP 4430 and Novathor architecture are very similar to Exynos.I am satisfied with the processor and the performance of the phone. pinch to zoom and double tap are working in the browser without any issues. MultiMedia: 11 GB is user Accessible,and it spoils you,It supports All most all codecs.Install MX player and you are good to go with even .WEBM format I didn't convert any videos and I directly copied them directly and plays all 720P without any hiccup,If any format is not supported use MX player SW decoder(H/W decoder saves your battery life). Watching Videos on this screen is a joy. Definitely it exceeded my expectations. Camera: good performance in sunlight. Meets the expectation There is no zoom functionality(Might be rectified with the next firmware update..Samsung how long will it take to update the phone to ICS,already Jelly Bean is out there) Battery: Don't Expect miracles here,It can last one and half day of moderate usage.On Sync continously in 2G,it was down to 30 to 35% from morning 8:00 to evening 8:00.I used 2x battery saver and it improved battery performance a lot. Misc: I didn't find any page in XDA for this device,and Still not popular in the modding community,Given the processor capability definitely modding will start for this phone). If your having a wifi connection download dropbox,and instant camera upload in dropbox is awesome. I didn't keep any memory card,it uses MTP to connect to the computer and don't rely on kies to load multimedia on to the phone,it is as usual CRAPPY.Just Drag and Drop. I would definitely recommend this product Update: I am using Indian Jelly Bean Update.Some core functions like Dialler, Contacts, Camera and gallery are lagging.Seems like Samsung have not optimized the update for this phone because I have seen Galaxy duos,a single core A5 run smoother than this phone's dialer and gallery. I am using alternate contacts and dialer apps like Ex-dialer, Go contacts etc to negate that. Zoom function came back. Samsung's added jingle bells are taking up more RAM compared to GB and not allowing to properly mutitask in JB. There are many custom ROM's and root are available for this phone and Cyanogen MOD is in beta with camcorder not working. Remaining Custom ROM's are Samsung stock based, so RAM issue will be there. Temple Run 2 lags in both JB and GB. Subway surfers lag in JB only because of less RAM. So, if you will be content with GB or comfortable with beta custom ROMs, you can buy this device. But better devices are there in Market for almost the same price range like Xperia L.
Hello everyone.. first of all please please please dont look at any other review against this phone Because,evryone tells that this phone is pricey... SO SORRY TO ALL ABOVE ONES.. U all are talking so that this is not a bang for the buck EVERYONE... you are suggesting xperia sola ,xperia p,desire x,desire vc.....BWAHhhh.. PLEASE these phones dont even fit in the price range.Moreover some of them have good displays but lack at performance.....whereas some good at performance and screen is TFT and is SMALL sized.. PLEASE note 1.Super amoled at this price is the main tag.. 2.moreover 768 MB ram,the main thing for multi-tasking 3. the A9 cortex ,DUAL CORE processor...multi-tasking as well as gaming done 4.the graphics....MALI 400... best best ever for intense gaming 5.the very main thing internal memory 16 GB.....for high end gamers,and high level downloaders.....your needs satisfied!! :) EXPANDABLE 32 GB 6.no doubt... the 5 MEGAPIXEL camera is fab..with led flash...followed by fr. cam.1.3 MP 7. ANDROID 2.3........now upgrade available to ANDROID 4.0.4 ICS Rest you all know 3g,edge..bla bla bla.... so..rise up and give a hand to this one...its just awesum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
If you do a factory reset just before and after installing the JB or any other major update, everything'll be fine. Make sure you have backed up all your data before doing so. This phone is awesome at 14000 price band. No other company is giving away a Dual Core A9 at this price and other features. Only Lumia 620 matches the hardware and specs with its dual core krait. Other competitors : Xperia U : Less RAM, No expandable memory,less internal memory VGA front cam, battery issues, mediocre cam. Xperia Go : Less RAM, low-res screen, battery, no front cam LG Optimus L9 II: High price (17k), but better camera and more RAM Lumia 620 : Buyer's choice.. I consider WP a limited OS. So that is a con for me. Fast processor, less RAM(but enough for WP) Technical explanation: A9: 2.5 DMIPS/MHZ, whereas A5: 1.6 DMIPS/MHZ DMIPS = Dhrystone Million instructions per second. Therefore,a dual core A9 is 160% faster than a dual core A5 at same clock speed(that's what all other handset at this price offer). Putting it simpler, 1GHz A9 core = 1.5GHz A5 core And 1GHz A9 core = 768 MHz Krait core (Krait is faster) And 1GHz A9 core = 1.2GHz Scorpion core. make this comparison before matching products with different CPU archs. The verdict: So guys this is the best Android deal at 14k. Super AMOLED, MALI 400 GPU, HD recording @30FPS, DLNA, 16 GiGs of Onboard storage (11.31GB + 2GB(Apps) = 13.31GB usable out of 15GB, when u clear cache after update through boot menu, therefore OS and Preinstalled stuff/tutorials takes 1.7 GB space). And after Jellybean Update, the camera will get a 4x optical zoom too :) , u'll get the fullest experience of Touchwiz, thanks to project butter, and also the wonderful Google Now. May 9th 2013: Received within 24 hrs of ordering (8 May'13) via COD. It is a Made in Vietnam piece, manufactured in March'13, and imported by Samsung India in March, MRP is 16300. May 10th 2013: No defects found so far! Sound is awesome!, Gaming too. Too snappy of a device of this price. I'll run Gingerbread for a couple of days before updating to JB. Hope its not a defective one. or else i wont get a replacement as it will be out of stock soon. Already out of stock in local market in Pune. :( May 11th 2013: Couldn't resist tasting Jellybean on this device, so updated it via Kies today. As mentioned , I wiped the cache and user data before and after the update. May 13th 2013: Awesome is the word for the performance after JB update. All high-graphics games run so smooth on the device. But there are some lags in Google Now. Samsung's Touchwiz Nature UX is beautiful, feature packed, yet simple. Far better than the Senseless HTC Sense or the Sony's timescape. Keep in mind that exiting an app with back button still keeps it running so make use of task manager to kill the useless apps. Restarting the device in the mid-day would be a great boost for performance. After installing 50+ apps with apps like Facebook, Whatsapp, Google Now, GMail, Nimbuzz etc etc running in background, it shows 465MB of RAM used at startup out of 625 MB Available. Which is pretty decent. I have never seen used RAM go beyond 600 MB even after running 10+ apps including a Game. Music output is mind-blowing. Specially the Virtual 7.1 preset. (Gingerbread had only 5.1 ch. virtualization). Loudspeaker performance is just average(low volume). Camera is good for general photography. Don't expect great landscapes or extreme low light photos to look great. Flash is average if not great. ISO ranges from 50(in Firework and Sports preset) to 400, but manually you can select between 100, 200 and 400. For best results in low light use High ISO and standard exposure. It will produce noisy pictures, but post processing software can remove the noise easily with negligible loss of detail. Video recording has decent frame rate but lil bit noise creeps in in low light. But hey thats Ok as all other A5 handsets only give 480p recording. No lags in keyboard ever noticed. You also get some Galaxy SIII's motion features like Direct Call, Pan Zoom and scroll, Motion Unlock etc, and also the old and good turn over to mute and shake to update, Which are decent addons. GPS takes lock in a minute or so. and is pretty accurate, with less than 2 seconds delay in turn by turn navigation. Undoubtedly you get the best displays at 14K with this phone. It brings all other displays to shame, whether is IPS of LG or ClearBlack of Lumia 620 or Sony Bravia, none can beat Samsung's Super AMOLED in this price range. The phone has great Sunlight legibility, thanks to the simplicity of the Nature UX too. Yet to check battery life on cell radio, but on continuous surfing/downloading over wifi, it lasts for 10+ hours, with occasional gaming and music, which is pretty great for a 1500mAh running a dual core A9. May 14th 2013: OMG Prices slashed. Im in a loss :p. had I waited for a week I would have saved Rs 800 :(
I purchased this smartphone a week back from flipkart for 13K (500 Cashback Offer) ... As usual, Flipkart rocked with its package and delivery excellence... Immediately updated to Jellybean via Kies ... After using it for a week and comparing it with S Duos which is priced at 12K, PROS - 1) The Super AMOLED Screen is the greatest advantage of this smartphone (remember 13K)... Pictures, Videos and Games are very crisp and clear that Canvas HD should rename itself to Canvas Poor SD... It easily beats Sony and HTC Displays... AMOLED also helps in saving Battery.... (S Duos just has a TFT Screen) 2) 16 GB Internal Storage + 32 GB External Storage provides hell a lot space to store music, photos, movies and documents (remember 13K).... (S Duos just has 4 GB Internal Storage) 3) Jellybean Update provides you with Camera ZOOM, Motion Sensor, Google Now, Butter Smooth Touch Screen Performance and much more... Also other reviews forgot to mention about Panorama mode (remember 13K) .... (Jellybean update not yet available for S Duos) 4) 1 GHz Dual Core Processor provides Great Multitasking Performance (remember 13K) ... Quad Core drains battery (S Duos just has a Single Core Processor) 5) Mali 400 GPU provides the best gaming experience in smartphones ... (S Duos just has a Adreno 200 GPU) 6) 5 MP Camera with LED Flash is better than what you expect ... Pics are more similiar with S3 ... 1.3 MP Front Camera is decent for Skype Calls... (S Duos just has a VGA Front Camera) 7) 768 MB RAM is decent yet 1 GB could have been better ... 8) 4 inch Screen ( Great Movie Experience) 9) Build Quality is nice if not the best and certainly not poor... 10) Wifi, 3G and Bluetooth Connectivity is very smooth... 11)Finally for all those Brand Conscious Freaks - SAMSUNG ... CONS - 1) Phone slightly lags after Jellybean Update... Its not an issue with this phone... Its the issue with Jellybean 4.1.2 ... Even S3 lags after Jellybean Update... Yet hardware reset solved most of my lag issue... 2) Loud Speaker Volume is somewhat low but SpeakerBoost app solves your problem... 3) Doesn't Support USB OTG (Not a big problem already 16+32 GBs of memory) 4) Battery Backup Could have been better yet Juice Defender or 2x Battery Saver app solves the issue... 5) Headphones are of cheap quality... Who cares ?? Buy Philips SHE1360/97 Headphone... Great for this phone with Awesome Bass ... 6) Not a Dual SIM Phone (Only advantage of S Duos) FINAL VERDICT - Blindly go for it ... Its money worth than 25k phones ... Clearly beats HTC One V , Xperia Sola and Canvas HD in all fields ... Don't take a wrong decision by buying other brand phones and wasting time in search of Service Stations ...
The BEST Android phone that you can currently get under Rs. 15,000! I was in a big confusion to choose the right one among Xolo X1000, Galaxy Grand Duos and Galaxy S Advance. I removed Xolo X1000 from the list because my experience with the previous Xolo phone (A700) was very bad. I had almost finalized the order for Galaxy Grand Duos but decided to go with this phone at the very last minute because of its 4" screen compared to Grand's giant 5" screen with the same resolution. The Grand also has a simple LCD screen compared to Super AMOLED screen of Galaxy S Advance. I find Galaxy S Advance MUCH better than Galaxy Grand in every way, except the camera, design and probably a slightly better processor. When I got Galaxy S Advance in my hands, I really hated the look of it with Android 2.3.6. As soon as I upgraded it to 4.1.2 (Jelly Bean, SER version), the whole look of the phone changed. Now when the device is ON, the phone looks AMAZING from the front. One sad fact: from the back, it still appears to be a very cheap, crappy, Chinese phone. The picture quality of the camera has improved after upgrading to 4.1.2, although I still find the camera way crappier than the camera of my first 5 MP Android phone from Samsung (Galaxy Fit GT-S5670). If you're going to buy it for photography, don't. You'll be VERY disappointed. System storage of this device is close to 2 GB. Plenty of space for app junkies. You also get roughly 11 GB to store your files (music, photos, videos, etc.). At that, the phone has 32GB of expandable memory. RAM is almost the same as in Grand (even though the spec says it has got 1 GB RAM, several reviewers of Galaxy Grand have found the RAM is close to 800 MB). In Galaxy S Advance, even after the upgrade to 4.1.2, I find roughly half of 625 MB RAM available all the time. I was afraid of upgrading the device to Jelly Bean thinking I may face performance issues but to my surprise, the responsiveness of the device has actually increased. I just followed the step by step upgrade instruction on www.android.gs and everything is working perfectly, including Wi-Fi, network, etc. --------- In short, if you want an awesome Jelly Bean phone under Rs. 15,000, just go for it before the stock ends.
Did anyone realise why samsung released this phone at about 24k at this time? There were whole lot of rumours about drop in prices of galaxy s2 upon the release of s3 and which was quiet logical and justified. Had this phone not been launched, s2 would have come in the same price bracket as this one. But samsung knows there is a lot of name and fame in the kitty of samsung for s2 and they want to churn out last penny out of the market with s2 widout dropping it's prices. So they launched s advance so that mid to high range buyers will be given this phone as an option instead of still pricey s2. S2 will continue to proove as a golden goose for samsung due to this move.
The screen is highly responsive as like any flagship phone. The phone looks premium in hand but if you remove the back cover, you'll find it very cheap. The Speaker of phone is loud enough to hear but vibrator motor isn't much strong. The stock video player is simple but it supports all free formats including the Matroska i.e. .MKV format which is the latest among all open standard free formats. The biggest plus point of phone is its display. I had compared it with Micromax canvas HD(720p HD resolution), the S advance's colors are crisp and clear unlike canvas HD's whitish screen. The battery backup of phone is good. Using the phone moderately (About 32min of calls, 2Hrs. of music, 30min of 2G internet, 10min of Game) the battery lasted for an about 28-30Hrs. But on the contrary side the phone takes about 2-2.5 Hrs. to full charge. Despite 1GHz dual-core processor and 768MB of RAM, the phone is sluggish to exit applications and return to the home screen when commanded. The specs claim that the phone has 768 MB of RAM but I have found it only 555 MB. Other notable features/Apps include Calculator, Alarm, Google Maps. All are integrated nicely on the device. If you are camera fanatic then please don't buy this phone because 1. The phone doesn't have Zoom mode. 2. There’s no setting to change default name of the images taken by camera. 3. After clicking snaps you’ll notice that the images are quite clear, but believe me images look clear because of super AMOLED display not because of camera. Hence if you want to check its image quality then copy your photos to your PC you will get to know the colors aren’t rich and deep. Also the photos look grainy. But one thing which goes in favor of camera is its LED flash; yes it’s powerful and very bright. Additional Information & Special features: The phone has 10 point multi touch display. SoC: NovaThor U8500 (same for Galaxy Ace 2, S3 mini, Xperia Go, Sola, P, U) CPU: ARM cortex A9 Dual Core (same for Galaxy Ace 2, S3 mini, Xperia Go, Sola, P, U) GPU: ARM Mali 400 MP Single Core (same for Galaxy S2, Xperia U) Semiconductor Technology: 45nm SAR Value (Specific Absorption Rate max should be 1.6W/Kg. by FCC): 0.543 W/Kg. (Better than all other non-Samsung phones) System Storage Memory (for installing Apps): 1.97 GB USB Storage Memory (for storing Data): 11.31 GB Everyone wants HD recording & so does the camera capture video very well but the problem here is somewhat different. For 10 Sec. video (.MP4, 720p HD) it consumed 14.5 MB of memory. Benchmark Scores: In Browser Mark & Sun spider it manages to beat Galaxy S2 but in other bench marks also it performs above the average than its competitors such as Xperia P and Desire X. Turn Over To Mute: If someone is calling you and you don’t wish that the phone should ring then just turn over your device, ringer bell of your phone will be automatically muted. Tilt To Enlarge Picture: While browsing images. If you want to zoom in without using double tap & pinch to zoom action then just touch tap & hold at any two points of image and then tilt the device back and forth to enlarge or reduce image size. Screenshot Capture (One of the feature of ICS): Press and hold the Home button and press the Power button. Do not press and hold Home button for long time or else you will get task manager option. Pop-Up Play (One of feature of Galaxy S3/S4): Use Mobo-player to play video and press Home button and there you go for Pop-Up play. Scroll All Home screens In One Swipe: The numbered dots (each belonging to 7 home screens) serve as a scroll bar too. Press and hold on the dots lets you scroll sideways in one go rather than swiping multiple times to go to the required home screen. Folder on Home Screen (One of the feature of ICS): You can create folders on home screen and add shortcut to Apps in an organized manner. Finally if you're willing to buy this phone: Make it as early as possible since the device is discontinued from Samsung India, hence the phone is available till the stock ends and therefore I think the price has been slashed to finish the stock. Uniqueness of the phone is its display. It’s curved and made of Corning’s Reinforced Gorilla glass except only Galaxy Nexus, S advance has curved display. Even the galaxy Nexus’ is not Gorilla glass. Do not use flip cover for your phone since the display is curved, due to which the cover will start bending day by day. Instead use Silicon cover. Screen Guard: Use rough screen guard instead of smooth one. Smooth will feel little sticky to fingers & its finger print friendly. Suggestion: Please do not upgrade to Jellybean OS, since it's not officially released for India yet. Even if you're going to upgrade it'll void your warranty. Except Camera & Gingerbread OS, I liked my phone in every way. Buy your phone carefully because it's a device which you'll keep 24X7 with you.
As like others I was also in so much dilemma to go with which phone, as my shortlisted phones were: 1: Desire X 2: Xperi Sola 3: S Advance Finally after so much research and comparisons I bought S Advance, and I must say this is an amazing device. Some key features are like it has very smooth UI and very crisp display, It has more than 300 MB RAM free all the time and have 2GB memory for installing apps and have 11.31 GB storage for data. So when I compared the three (S Advance, Xperia Sola, Desire X) the S Advance appeared as the clear winner coz when compared with Xperia Sola though the GPU and Chipset were same but Xperia Sola was lacking the Front cam, had smaller screen, low Ram, low internal memory, low battery as compared to the S Advance so I dropped Sola. Then I compared it with Desire X though they had some similarities like Same Ram size, same screen size but the chipset and GPU and even CPU (two core A5) was inferior as compared to S Advance, and also Desire x was lacking the front camera and had poor video recording resolution 480p as compared to 720p of S Advance, and had low internal memory, Thanks to the huge 16 GB internal memory of S Advance. The only thing where Desire X was winning was on OS Front coz it was running the latest jellybean while S Advance was still stuck on gingerbread but it was not an issue as JellyBean update for S Advance is also on the cards and hopefully it will be updated. So the wise choice was to go with S Advance rather than to go with the similarly priced but inferior devices.. I hope my this review will help the prospective buyers
After a long wait, I have found a good and exceptionally great phone with most features on board for reasonable price. Just buy it and forget it :) I promise its a Steal. *:CAUTION:* Android addiction guaranteed
I bought this phone about 3 months back. It was updated to Jelly Bean recently via the India update via samsung kies. These are my observations. Major problem : The phone will suddenly drop calls even in areas with good network coverage. A few days back, the phone suddenly stopped connecting to my airtel network. I tried inserting a vodafone sim, also but still it refused to connect to the mobile network. Someone at the samsung call center asked me to switch to GSM mode only. After a lot of tries, it connected once and I was able to make and receive calls, BUT , the joy was shortlived. I was not able to connect to 3G network for browsing etc. The guys as samsung call center did everything to get it sorted out without any progress. Finally, they told me to take it to a Samsung service center. I did some research on the internet and it seems this phone has a perennial network problem. There are a lot of people who got a new handset from Samsung, but still with the same problems cropping up again. The phone was a joy to use until this problem cropped up. Now I cannot make calls as well as browse on 3G. What good is a smartphone, if it can only be used as a paper weight. This is one hell of an expensive paper weight though :-(. Apart from this , nothing is visible on the screen in direct sunlight. If you get a call when you are out in the sun, you have no option of knowing whos calling as you cant see a thing. Using GPS out in the sun is also ruled out because of this. Overall, its the worst investment I have ever made. I consider my self tech savvy , but still landed up buying the worst phone on the market.Oh, before I forget, I ended up ordering one more Galaxy S Advance for a friend of mine. I am wondering when he will turn up at my doorstep complaining about my recommendation. Such is life..... The price for this phone is dropping drastically, it dropped 2K since I bought it, but you are better off investing your money somewhere else.
Updated it to Jelly Bean and love the power saving options of it. It works great and add it with an app and it will do a better job. However, the battery of 1500mAh is not good enough for this phone. Samsung should have put in a bit more juice in this area. The internal memory is of 16GB however 11.5GB can be used. I think for applications the limit is around 1.8GB. The storage options are a bit confusing but it is more than enough for my use. The music plays good, the camera is good. The build scares me a bit and the back of the phone has the plasticky feel. I don't like the fact that the headphone port and the mini USB port is on the bottom of the phone. However, given the fact that this came for 14,000 and at this price there is no other phone (Samsung, HTC, Nokia, Motorola) which can match the specifications of this phone, I am satisfied with this product.
Now a discussion about some complaints about the phone : 1. HD video doesn’t play : download and install mx player from google play and switch the mx player to sw decoding mode , yippee you have full hd 1920 x 1080 p video playing on the s advance 2. The camera dosent have zoom function: install camerazoom app from google play and \you get zoom function or upgrade to jelly bean version 3. The phone connects as MTP device to computer(slow copy speed ) Go to settings>wireless and networks>usb utilities>click connect mass storage The phone asks to connect cable to pc, then the normal usb connection mode gets enabled an d u can copy files like to a pen drive, don’t use kies software to copy files its just rubbish, use normal copy paste as if to a pen drive for those who have issues when the phone was delivered please contact flipkart at this number 1800 420 1111 (toll free ,ie,costs no money from your phone balance amount) and flipkart has 30 days replacement policy so don't worry the warranty period i one year for the phone and six months for battery and headphone one thin to care about is that please register your phone at samsung website as this is done by shopkeepers when u buy from shops , but as we buy online we have to do this to get the warranty
Guys this phone is really nice & exceeding my expectation + Flipkart is giving a good deal as this phone in the local market (Mumbai) is for 19500/- I got the phone Within 24 hours of placing the order The phone is really nice & so far no complaints , just waiting for a ICS or JB software update Dont compare it with Xperia series they dont give expandable storage, Super Amo Led display & Mali 400 Mp Gpu which is one of the best for gaming.......Baterry is good enough it worked for 12 hours (With alot of calls , Internet browsing & 4 hours of Gaming) completly satisfied with the phone & Thank u Flipkart for an amazing deal & delivery service
At this price point there is no better option.A powerful dual core processor with a Mali 400mp gpu really beats any other phone at this price point.The camera is also the best in the range. The Jb update will take time to come but till then you can enjoy the phone as 80% of apps are also supported on gingerbread.Almost all the big apps are available on gingerbred.The roll out of update is slow but it will come.. + points Best in class Camera with 720p video recording. No other phone in this range has such a powerful gpu and gaming support. 16gb internal memory is a add on and it can still be expanded. Good battery life Gorrila glass and super amoled display. Just Perfect phone at this price.Go for it.
actually i baught this phone after a lot of research... purchase date : 10/11/2012 price : 19000 baught from : local smobile shop competitors : htc desire x htc one v samsung s duos in one word : the best phone in this budget why i chose this one.. actually i bght the phone for my dad. he is a doctor and has a very big passion for old songs and spiritual talks,and has whopping 20 gb full of old songs nd tlks. And he is not that techie type guy. So that gave me a few factors to be checked out before buying the phone 1) it shld have good internal memory 2) good responsive touch screen, i order to make the browsing between folders really fast 3) no concerns abt the OS,since my dad is never gonna check out the diff btw gingerbread and ICS . so this phone satisified my critera.. it has 16gb internal memory,and an additional 16gb class 10 mmory card was baught nd all the media stuff were put ito it and is now well organised.. it has a super amoled display,also a dual core processor and 768mb ram makes the operation smooth nd exellent. a few apps which are that essential were installed and i gave it to him nd taught him the basics as this is his first touch phone.. . only thing i felt disappointed is the camera.the picture are dull as it is underexposed. apart from that its a great phone for that price. . . its competetors have the following negatives htc desire x - not enugh internal memory+ no front cam htc one v - screen display and touch function quality not good samsung duos s - not smooth nd hangs as the processing power is very low..
My LCD had the problem with the Samsung Galaxy S I9003, i have given the phone to the service center and still waiting for the LCD to come from Samsung Noida. it is almost ten days over they have just scrapped the product and released advanced version with new name. The pain of the phone will not be felt until you go to the service center for any defect. They also dont have the extended warranty. Never buy this kind of smart phone were the service provided in the service center is worst. spending thousands of rupees in phone were the service is totally waste. just six months over and they have removed the Galaxy S 19003 production. they scrap the model within years and than to get the Service in case of problem is very hectic. Spend money were there is quality and service in case of defects. Spending huge amount of money in buying a samsung smart phone is totally a waste. Alert guys.
This review is about my experience with this phone till now (3 Months) Since i'm into phone testing and reviews, i hope everyone will find this detailed and helpful This phone, after 3 months of heavy usage, proved to be really awesome. But here are somethings that will make u feel confident about weather u should buy it or not. 1. First of all people, please stop worrying about the RAM on this phone, RAM is not the first important that u should be looking at, RAM tells u about how many apps u can run simultaneously, in this case 768 MB is more than u need. I have personally tested by running 10 apps at once and still had 200 MB free 2. What u should be concerned about is the 1 Ghz dual core processor, keep in mind its 1 Ghz DUAL CORE!!, so don't go calculating it as 1 + 1 = 2 Ghz, its a single core - split in 2 to help evenly spread the processing load. Since the Processor is NOVA THOR, which is by Ericsson, Don't expect a great, lag-less performance. Also, This phone comes with MALI 400MP GPU, which is a quad-core GPU and the same is also used by Galaxy S2, S3 and the most Popular Galaxy Note 2, this means that u will be able to play all types of games regardless of its compatibility to this phone. Bottom line is that this phone will barely lag if used properly 3. Camera quality is Good, and under proper lighting it can take perfect non zoomed shot. under full 4x zoom image gets distorted, medium loss of detail (same for video). if the correct camera app is used such as CameraFX, wonderful shots can be taken in low light. The most important thing to keep in mind is that, its not the Megapixel that matters in a camera, its the quality of the pixels that matter and that, samsung cannot provide unfortunately. But if you're a casual photographer, u WILL love the camera on this phone. 4. Sound quality of this Phone is MIND BLOWING, Headphone provided is like Heaven. The Phone comes with 7.1 Virtual SRS, Movies on this phone feels like sitting in a cinema hall (with the provided headphone or any other more better), and Music will literally have sub woofers playing in your ears, Mic is crystal clear, loudspeaker is very clear and loud enough but i'm sure there are lots of people out there who would want it louder, Unfortunately u can't do that. 5. The Phone does not look as ugly as in the picture provided everywhere, the phone is actually Jet black, Screen is curved toward the bottom, giving it a good feel and a futuristic look (in my opinion), when screen is turned off, gives a cyan reflection(due to AMOLED), the screen is not as bright as most phones with TFT or LCD screen but colors are truly vibrant. The pixel density of this phone is not much so you might get Box Pixels while playing some games, this phone however, does not allow u to play 1080p videos, no matter how hard u try, u can run 720p though. The back cover gets scratched very easily so please keep your phone covered by hard cases or leather guards. This phone is very light and can be a center of attraction sometimes due to its looks as its jet black all over leaving only the screen to be visible and the samsung logo above it Last but not the least, and this goes to everyone who goes out to purchase a decent Android phone and then after a month of use, starts to nag about how slow, useless and worthless the particular phone can be. IF U HAVE AN ANDROID PHONE, IT IS UR RESPONSIBILITY TO USE IT PROPERLY IF YOU HAVE USED AN APP ON UR ANDROID PHONE, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO CLOSE THE APP AFTER USE, most people don't realize that Android is an OS, and just like a computer you need to close the app after use, unless it comes with an exit button. 80% people will cry without even closing 1 application, if u use 10 apps, its your responsibility to close them after use instead of blaming the company or the phone, and this is a Dual Core Phone, its not designed to process too many apps and too many nags.
this is a good phone, i read all the negative reviews and i believe they are fake, and from now on one thing is clear to me, dont beleive on reveiws may be they are some paid persons who write about the phones. the phone has only one problem that is - after using it for some time the dust moves from the speaker to the lens of the camera, from the inside. but this happens only if u use it as roughly as i used it. some time without its back plastic cover. i get it cleaned from the servise centre and started using with cover, the problem never came back. i play all the games, like temple run 1.2 they are all working fine. good camera, good vedio display quality. i dont find any problem with the hadware or software.
Guys, pls dont buy this Mobile!! Its tooooooo Slow even for Basic things like Calling & Texting!!!! Dont know how other people r giving positive reviews for this Mobile. I got it replaced also from Flipkart once but same problem!!!!! Total Waste of Money!!!!
>Super AMOLED Display >1 Ghz dual core processor >5 mp camera... >16 GB interrnal memory....so on... 1.First of all,you cant get a device with super AMOLED display in this price....this is the only device.... 2.The system memory is 2GB....so u can install many applications..... 3.U get almost 12GB as USB storage with the device..... 4.The ppi ratio in display segment is pretty good..... so on.... my experience... has a decent battery backup...could play good games like temple run OZ and so on..... the device is handy....not too big not too small...just perfect.... I was able to play 1080p videos in my Device...it runs cool...
I purchased this mobile from homeshop. First of all i want to define about my experience with homeshop. It was totally awesome. Five star from my side. I got my delivery in just 3 days. Excellent delivery time. Excellent customer support. Excellent packaging and very excellent price. Market price was 14000 but via superdeals I got it at just 11995 Rs. Overall had a great experience. Now my views about product - PROS - Great build quality. Super Amoled Display (big plus) Dual Core Cortex A9 (big plus) 16 GB internal memory (biggest plus) 786 MB RAM (But with jelly bean update 4.1.2 it should be 1GB, but in this price range it is best) Great camera quality. Front Camera is also good with 1.3 megapixel resolution. Decent good battery backup. (Stands for one day easily and two days in normal use) CONS - Some persons don't like its shape from side and rear. But I am satisfied. External speaker quality is decent. Not too good. S2 has best external sound. Sometimes lags after updating to official jelly bean 4.1.2 Games runs smooth but a little lag sometimes when playing high definition games. It is because of insufficient RAM. But with jingerbread its ok. Overall a worth buying at this price range. Very much better then Galaxy S Duos. Both have same price range but are totally different with each other. S Advance Rocks....!!
I'm writting a review now because I know how much important reviews are. I had taken a purchase decesion after going thru reviews only. I must say that "going thru reviews" is not an easy task at all, as you will find reviews on both the sides...(+ & - ) I wanted a branded smart phone with dual core processor. I reviewed sony experia-U & experia-J, micromax canvas HD for comparison with Samsung Galaxy Advance.I also checked with gsmarena for comparison. Also visited Sony & Samsung outlets ro physically check the phones. After all the technical & physical comparison, I found that Samsung Galaxy Advance @ below 15K is much more superior to peers with dual core Cortex A9 processor, Super Amoled & large screen, Mali-400 graphics, 16 GB internal memory with 32 GB expandable external memory..the only drawback I found is it's OS - Gingerbread, which I don't know whether it is upgradable to Android 4.1 Jelly bean OS. After some hesitation in mind and quick confirmation from flipcart about 30 days replacement warantee, I finally decided to go for Samsung S advance. I got the delivery in time and found the packing ok and overall it was a good experience with flipkart..worth to recommend..Awesome phone..It's touch screen operates very smoothly..If you want a nice & branded smart phone below 15K, just go for it... I give 10/10 here..to Flipkart & samsung both..!!
Finally The Wait Is Over,Our 4.0 Inch Super AmoLED Got Jelly Bean In India,You Can Update It Via Samsung Kies Or U Can Download The Firmware From www.sammobile.com Its Only 425.5 MB,Enjoy With The Much Awaited Jelly Bean Update...........................
I was plannin for sony xperia j, xperia p and htc but my pals said that xperia has some serios software problems,htc phone has some touch problems .... so started to review samsung phones.. and my budget was 15K... Samsung galaxy S advance-->a real good phone,in my experience the hardware specs are awesome... using it for a week and havent faced any issues Its runs very smooth and fast.. People who don't like tha Samsung UI,don worry u have a option ROOTING>>> I suggest all u guys don waste a hell lot of money buying phones for more than 20K...go with SG S advance.
Guys,just go for it without second thoughts.Here's a detailed comparision of all 10-18k smartphones.After doing a lot of research, I would say its the best feature packed and best priced phone with just the right blend of looks,features- 1ghz dual core prossessor, 16GB internal memory and expandable(best advantage over other phones),4' super amoled screen,lots of sensors and a 'samsung' trust. As u all would have read comments of others stating phone's overpriced and it was quoted at 18,900Rs but since now its been dropped to a 15,500Rs by Flipkart ,It would be a first choice.And guys,JELLY BEAN is coming within a month!! I almost made up my mind to buy canvas HD A116 since it had the best features in its price range but had second thoughts due to its 5' huge screen. 4'- 4.5' screen size suits me(and i would say,so does to many others) and there was no other feature phone of samsung, sony in this range with good features. Compare it wid any phone, S Advance stands out in its price range of 12-18k range:- xperia j - single core 1 ghz prossessor,512RAM,480p video recording(vs 720p in s advance),0.3MP secondary camera(vs 1.3MP),adreno 200(mali 400 in s advance),4GB internal memory(16GB in s advance) xperia u - has 3.5' screen, 512RAM,0.3MP secondary camera,no expandable memory xperia go - same as above,low resolution screen 480*320p,no front cam htc one v - 1 ghz single core prossessor,512RAM,poor HTC service xperia sola- no front camera, 3.7' screen motorola defy xt- ugly a*# phone,1 ghz single core micromaxx canvas hd A116- 14k phone,feature packed phone, but 5' screen is a major turnoff for majority, but why go for micromaxx when u can get a good samsung phone at same price samsung s duos- 1ghz single core,adreno 200, 0.3MP sec. camera, 480p recording 13.5k Conclusion -Finally, i would say "best phone" in 10-18k category.Jelly Bean update awaiting.Just go for it!!
The Samsung Galaxy S Advance is a upper-midrange smartphone which come with dual-core. Up-next the traditional like and unlikes:- Like 1. 4 Inches WVGA (i.e.480x800 pixel) display which comes with Super AMOLED technology. 2. Dual-core 1Ghz Cortex A9 processor. 3. Mali-400 GPU, games would run smoothly (same GPU as the Galaxy S II and Galaxy S III). 4. 5MP Primary camera with LED flash and 1.3MP front camera. 5. Rear 5MP camera records 720p videos (i.e.1280x720) and also plays 720p videos. 6. Comes with 768mb RAM. User accessible is more than 500mb. 7. OS has TouchWiz 4.0. Dislikes 1. Being a Dual-core but still can't record 1080p. But still most people don't need that. 2. No Super AMOLED Plus, pentile matrix display suffers pixelation. You can't even see it easily. 3. Comes with Android 2.3 but it's not Android 4.0 ICS upgradable. But the surprising thing is it can be upgradable to Android 4.1 JB (confirmed by Samsung). 4. Cannot play fullHD (i.e.1080x1920p)videos (I'm not sure but downloading MXPlayer will solve that because I have One V and I've downloaded MXPlayer and fullHD playes with a little problem). 5. Battery could have been bigger cause it's dual-core. And it needs much power than other single-core. But since it has a power-efficient CPU and Display that won't be a big problem. So here was the review. And the conclusion is that you should go for it and it beats it elder brother the Galaxy S II in some Benchmarks like BrowserMark and SunSpider. If you want it then..... GO FOR IT!!!
There's no network problem...must be on.old piece... buy the later build which is August 2012.guys built is awesome the best part it's battery God don't know what Samsung did with this 1500 mah battery..I doubt it's more than 2000...never seen such good battery on Android...also 16 GB internal memory thanx Samsung for this Master piece thanx for reducing it's price.....I'm using the phone since 5 days...I also own lg optimus 2x...it's almost of same dimension and ram is 768...but it will always show less in task manager...the 512 ram will show 300 & 768 will 555 and and 1 GB well show 700 ...so relax...the only problem with this phone is it using super amoled with pentile matrix rather than rgb...due to it the small text will show minor pixels..I repeat minor and only small characters the photos videos all with HD view..but the benefit of pentile matrix is ..your phones LCD life it's increased...that's way they use this system in galaxy s3 and Sony phones...dude just go for this phone...and I literally mean never buy other brands in India...actually used lg HTC...there's no proper after sales only Samsung gives it...don't know about Sony...waiting for jellybean on this monster...
Hello, In SETTINGS under WIRELESS & NETWORK then in MOBILE NETWORKS, under NETWORK MODE I have selected the GSM ONLY option instead of GSM/WCDMA(Auto Mode) It worked for my friend. I hope it works for you too. PLEASE REPLY with confirmation if it worked/not worked for you..
Not worth for 24K, it best buy between 17.5 to 19.5K yes memory and CPU are better but not worth for 24K tooooooooooooo much
Obviously samsung has got the pricing wrong or the specs wrong. should be 20k or 8mp camera 1GB ram, 1650maH battery. definitely not worth it. for customers with budget 20K it is very confusing to choose a phone either to decrease there budget for single core smaller screen less specs phone or increase budget and get high end phone
1st of all I do not understand why people are saying that it is not a good phone. It can be called as SAMSUNG GALAXY S 1.5; between Galaxy S & S2. The specs are superb for a phone at this price (Rs.18500). Good thing is that the Indian version is 16GB internal memory. I have compared it side by side with Galaxy S2; & literally I found that it is at par with Galaxy S2. Build Quality: Very light weight,and with great grip. Feels great in hand. Touch responsivenes: As expected from Samsung,delivers the goods. No connectivity issues with either network(didn't use 3G) or wifi. It maxxed out my WIFI as well as 3G connections Display: At this price range,the best display you will get. Sound clarity is nice. Performance: Android 2.3 runs without any issues.Have downloaded many apps but didn't lag at all,till the user accessible 512 MB RAM is full. Very satisfied with the processor and the performance of the phone. pinch to zoom and double tap are working in the browser without any issues. Watching Videos on this screen is a joy. Definitely it exceeded my expectations. Camera: good performance in sunlight. Meets the expectation There is no zoom functionality(Might be rectified with the next firmware update..This phone will skip ICS & get Jelly Bean directly.(Great NEWS...!!!!) Battery: It can last one and half day of moderate usage. TO IMPROVE BATTERY LIFE--Install Easy Battery Saver from play store & keep it on Intelligent mode. You will notice that the battery life has increased beyond double.(Its TRUE. Try it. I have been using it for long) I have recommend this product to my friends & they have bought it & loved it.
Bought this phone about 3 weeks back and i must say everything about this phone is good except one, Network Connectivity is Pathetic!! The phone loses network reception in areas where other phones have full network. It takes about 5-10 min for network to be back. I checked online and found that others are also facing this issue.
It would have been a really great device, if Samsung has given little more attention to their So call Premium Mid-range Device. A. 1.3MP front camera - Very good in fact for a Phone of the class B. 5.0MP Rear Camera - As expected from a Midrange device - But a pretty decent one C. 16GB RAM - Again Very good for a Device of its class. D. A web browser with Flash Divx and all other codec Support - Excellent E. Super AMOLED Display - Not really a good One - Should have been Super AMOLED Plus - But Acceptable F. Android Ginger Bread - Definitely should have been ICS out of the box Or atleast an assurance - when. G. 1500Mah Battery - Pretty average with one full day usage expected. Will have to wait for the user experience for it. I. 4" Display - Pretty Cool and Single handed use - But a 4" display screen Phone should have a size with length less than or equal to 120mm to meet the purpose. 123mm it little big. J. Build quality - Not pretty impressive with Hard Plastics. High time for samsung to be innovative of the design. The back cover is extremely thin plastic which at times feels it will break when you pull it out. One would definitely Deserve a build quality of HTC One V at least for this price. J. Weight - Reasonable - Impressive K. Connectivity options and Sensors are good enough L. The Processor and RAM and good enough for a device of the class to serve the purpose of the users. M. Price Tag - Well... Its way beyond reality. With the unimpressive build quality and being a mid-range device it should stand between 18-21K. On the Whole - SGSA Decently and impressively Featured Midrange Device with Unimpressive Build quality and Poor pricing Motorola Atrix 2 is a Solidly build Device with Excellent battery back up with few thousands less than SGSA. But it is bit heavy, have a 4.3 inch screen and No AMOLED Display
It is sure that Samsung had given a tough product for mid-class segment but price it comes with is more than what we expected before launching it in India Budget conscious people can get the quick comparison here Personally I waited for this phone from last 2 months but after seeing it's price Iam confused between Sony Xperia Sola & SGS Advance i9070(my budget 20K) (1)Processor = Both have a dual core processor STE U8500 & Cortex A9 resp. (2) Camera = 5 MP camera (as we all know that Sony is better in camera tech.) (3) ICS update = There is no official announcement for ICS update for SGS Advance i9070, Sony confirms it for their Xperia Sola in Q2 of 2012 (hope that SGS Advance will gate that in future because of 768 mb ram) (4) Battery = battery for SGS Advance 1500mAh & for Xperia Sola is 1320mAh (you'll think that Sony had a lesser backup but the STE NovaThor processor is supposed to be the the world's most Fuel Efficient processor - I hope!! ) (5) Ram = SGS Advance (768mb) has the more points in this segment than Xperia Sola with it's 512mb (6) Display = SGS Advance has the brightest 4.0" superAMOLED 480 x 800 Pixels display & Xperia Sola has 3.7" with same 854 x 480 Pixels(Sony has BRAVIAengine for Crystle clear view ) All in all SGS Advancei9070 is a one of the best phone but not value for money(Rs.24K) you can get a SOny Xperia P in 24K range with better specs.
The has decent specs but is way too pricey I guess .... At the same price you can buy a HTC Sensation which is better in all ways..... Better camera ....build quality. ...bigger screen ....led notification ...and ICS as well.... Samsung hasn't even assured this phone would get ics or not ??? which is crazy for a dual core phone released now..... The xperia sola and the xperia p blow this phone off according to me.... I think this will be again one of those samsung phones which they make and forget to take care of its users by providing support ....like they did with the galaxy s and the galaxy r .. Better phones at same price range or even less according to me..... 1. HTC sensation 2. HTC evo 3d 3. Xperia sola 4. Xperia p 5. Motorola atrix All phones are dual core and have ics already or would get it soon as promised by the company .... Hope the review helps .....
It would have been great phone for 19-20k but the price..ooooooops.. Better go far xperia P wch s great phone wch costs just 500 more wit 8 mPx camera and 1 gb ram(even xperia P s over priced ). 2 rating for this phone, 3 penalty for pricing or else 5 out of 5 if its around 19-20k...
I'm using it from last 1.5 yrs.purchased from flipkart.for first 6 months it works very good but after that it starts hanging.Now a days even i'm not able to receive a call because most of the time it hangs during incoming call.i'm restarting it atleast 15 times a day.and look at its price its worth not more than 5500.My suggestion is never purchase this model.
I got this phone to satisfy multiple constraints and objectives. I was not interested in a super large screen phone. Wanted something that could be operated with a single hand for most use cases. So 4" was the max size. Was also interested in a phone with sufficient memory to run multiple apps - Mail, Maps, Google Now, Viber, Whatsapp, Scheduler, Talk, Camera, TuneIn, without having to bother about memory. 1Gz dual core, 1Gb would have been ideal. Another important need was to have all 5 sensors, weight under 130gms and price less than 15K. But there is no phone maker interested in making a 4" phone with such specs. It was very hard to locate a phone with more than 512Mb. Finally I opted for Samsung Galaxy S Advance because it had 768Mb and there was an expectation that it was getting a JellyBean upgrade very soon. I got the phone in my hand on April 25th. The very same day that Jellybean was officially launched in India. Without trying out the stock Gingerbread for even couple of days, I upgraded to Jellybean overnight. Immediately after upgrade I found the phone would not register with the cellular provider. Finally I learnt the hard way that one has to do a Factory reset immediately after upgrade. Then I loaded all my choice Apps and looked forward to some good times. Sadly the phone with Jellybean has been a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. The phone starts Lagging within 2 days of usage. If you do not reboot the phone it is impossible to work with the phone. In comparison my old Trusted HTC Legend running Froyo single Core 600Mhz, 384MB ram was a beauty. NO LAGS - even with all the above listed apps in use for weeks. The Samsung TouchWiz Dialer and SMS apps are primitive. On a 3.2" screen the HTC Legend displayed far more text than the Galaxy Advance on a 4" screen. I had no choice but load Chomp SMS and Dialer Ex. The stock clock widget is crippled. Unlike SenseUI's widget you cannot access clock settings and alarm settings from the same widget. Oh! how I miss the SenseUI. Over the weeks and lots of googling and doing Factory Resets twice, I have come to realize the 768MB memory is just inadequate. Out of 768 only 624 is actually available. After a fresh reboot the phone begins with 400MB occupied. And pretty soon it has 50MB free. And if the usage pattern continues then in 2~ 3 days the phone will have 6~7MB free. Yes Android is supposed to manage memory smartly etc. None of that is seen in action. Fiddling with Developer Options also proves to be of no help. The only way to manage the phone is to Actively kick out applications (the back button does not exit them) using the built in Task Manager launched via Long press of the home button. Using third party task managers/killers has been unhelpful - in fact they made the phone worse. Bottom line I have come to realize I should roll back to Gingerbread. The only advantage of Jellybean is having Google Now. So should I wait for Samsung to fix the memory usage in a 4.2.1/2 upgrade or do the roll back ASAP ! (their Dalvik cache setting of 256MB for a 768MB Ram phone is the killer) (I don't wish to root phones) Phone battery life is average - with Wifi/GPS/MobileData/Sync ON all day (And I have Wifi coverage most of the time except when moving on the road), the phone taken off charger in the morning shows 50% charge left at the end of the day after 13/4 hours with a decent amount of calls and sms and browsing/map/facebook. I don't use the phone for games. Ergonomically the Sony Experia P is much easier to operate with a single hand than the Samsung Galaxy S Advance - even though both are 4" screens - the Sony is 5 mm less wide. That helps a lot. I got a Molife silicone case with free screenguard. The silicon case is OK. The power and volume switch indentation should have been more pronounced. It is hard to locate them by feel. The Screenguard is an utter failure - huge finger print magnet. Overall the phone has been a let down. I wish I could get back the HTC Legend Experience on a larger screen.
As I purchased this phone outside of flipkart, I am not a certified buyer. Now, regarding the phone, I am not giving all the features as you can get it anywhere. SOFTWARE (3.5/5): Samsung Galaxy S Advance runs Android 2.3.6 Gingerbread out of the box, but Samsung has promised an update to Jellybean (most probably 4.1) in Q1 of 2013. The update has already rolled out in Russia. No info on when it will be available in India. PHYSICAL (3.75/5) : Although it may seem a bit big at first, it's not a problem once you get used to it (which takes about a week). It is not bulky and is easy to hold in the hand. It is not too heavy, but you can feel it in the pocket (which is a good thing for me as I don't have to check if it's still there). The build quality is okay, but the back cover is not so impressive. But if you put on a case, it's no big deal. The SIM and microSD slots are not under the battery, so you don't need to remove the battery to change them. The physical lock and volume buttons are aptly placed and respond well. The physical Home key and the soft keys also do well. The screen is a bit curved. DISPLAY (4/5) : The 4.0" Super AMOLED display is simply awesome, and sunlight usability is good if you turn up the brightness (70% and above). Indoors, zero is more than enough. The touch screen response is good, as with all samsung androids. PERFORMANCE (4.5/5) : It is very fast, with negligible (if not zero) lag. I did not encounter any phone restarts or low memory problems since I bought this on 23 Dec 12. MEDIA (4.5/5) : Audio playback is very good (loud and clear). The stock headphones are simply AMAZING! HD Video playback(720p) is smooth and without any lag. GAMING (4.75/5) : The 1GHz Dual Core Cortex A9 processor and the Mali-400MP graphics enable smooth gameplay. Games like Angry Birds, Temple Run, etc. run with ZERO lag. CAMERA (4/5) : The images are good, especially in good lighting conditions. I would'nt say they are the best, but satisfies my needs. Videos are another story, though. 720p HD recording gives KILLER videos in good light. Low light videos are acceptable. NETWORK AND CONNECTIVITY (4.75/5) : Wifi, 2G and 3G give great speeds. I get 40-50 kBps on BSNL 2G and 700+ kBps on Airtel 3G. It supports Wifi direct, so sharing large files is easy via Wifi. I purchased the 16 GB model, so no NFC for me. When I went to a local Samsung centre, I tested a USB On-The-Go Cable and it did not work. Maybe OTG support comes with Jellybean. INTERFACE (4/5): Touchwiz is always easy to use, and it is extremely fluid and smooth. Switching between home screens is very fast. Although I like the stock Android more, this one is not bad either. The 4 rating is because it is not as stylish as others (timescape, stock, etc.) BATTERY (4/5) : The 1500 mAh battery lasts long enough to give me a day and a half of usage (with 2-3 hours of gaming, 2 hours of music, few calls and messages, a few videos, etc.). Remove the gaming and it gives an additional day of usage. The battery is removable, so you can carry an additional one around if you want. OTHER PLUS POINTS : *Head phones come with 4 sets of ear buds. *Supports Kies via Wifi. OTHER ISSUES : *No USB OTG for now (at least not in mine). *No physical camera key (not really a con). I can't think of any other stuff I want to say about this phone. Sorry for the mistakes, if any.
For those who are comparing this to Xperia Sola, GTFO! If the Galaxy s2 has been your dream phone, but is way beyond your budget, you can go for this phone. Have had this android powerhouse for sometime now. It beats all Xperia phones below 20k in these aspects: 1) 768 MB RAM(555MB user available) unmatched! 2) The only dual core under 20k which actually doesn't lag. Xperia Sola lags, have seen it with my own eyes! 3) Both the above things ensure great multitasking. I have never experienced FORCE CLOSE so far in any app. 4) Mali 400 GPU, amazing gaming experience. Same gpu as SII and SIII 5) SUPER AMOLED. more vivid than any other phone in this range. Even Xperia S doesnt have this. 6) Super smooth touch. 7) It eliminates the need of external memory. 16GB(1131 GB for user, 2 GB for apps) is what u get! Amazing phone i must say since it's not overpriced anymore. How much can you complain? It came down from 26k to 19k and I'm very hopeful of getting a jelly bean update and even without any ICS or JB this phone is great!
Let me tell all you guys who hate it . simple speaking you cannot get a smartphone like this at such a low price ... Damn good specs you can compare with the 24k galaxy s2 nearly same only camera and ram difference . (0.3 inch bigger screen dosent matter) the fact is the phone runs butter smooth on ginger bread i have have used it no lags on certain high graphic games (temple run 2 , asphalt 6, dead trigger, shadow gun) all play like fluid.. if your ram is more than 200 mb usable then it will flawlessly work .. only con is jelly bean update well i went to the samsung showroom and asked them about the device . they said to me that the device is still available but they dont have stock and to the update the device will be upgraded (promised official jb update in india) soon . before the hike in price in april. guys i would recommend you to buy this as this amount of specs no mobile offer .. if jelly bean and zoom in camera doubt you then wait for some time just be patient. there is no good about jb it is just new appearence and user friendly and i dont think that you have tested all apps of GB . and those who think the battery backup increases knew nothing after JB backup only increases to 30-40 minutes more . i have tested with this and after playing 40-45 min gaming , 30-40 mins of talking , surfing wqatching videos for 2-2.5 hr my battery easily last for 12 hours as i am a gaming freak and i usually open youtube to watch videos.. to me the backup was good enough for a smartphone with android to handle it. you wont know when flipkart and any othr online site increase the prices as today i read the morning paper and the prices of note 2 , s3 increased by 2000. as on flipkart too note costs more than 37k i would recommend you to buy a midrange device lyk this and dont go for such bulky monsters out there note 2 , s3 they are good for appearence and what should you do with qquad core with 2 gb ram its not a laptop with nvidia processor that 2 gb ram needed for mobile with more than 5 inch display rather buy tab 2 for 15k . save money guys at such a low cost with dual core (multitasking with ease ) u will not get a phone.. for those who think going for s3,note2 i would recommend you to buy a laptop withe core i3 2 gb ram minimum .. and these jelly bean toys will shit in front of it..
problem with this phone: 1 . no ics its run on outdated android 2 . very high price in comparison what u r getting. 3 . same boring design and plastic body 4 . poor samsungs track record in giving update ( remember only galaxy s2 , r , note getting ics ) so this will die with gingerbread only. BETTER DEAL : XPERIA SOLA , XPERIA P , GALAXY TAB2
I am already using this handset since around 2.5 months now. It comes with Android Gingerbread when you buy, but the Jelly Bean Upgrade is officially already available in India. So you can either upgrade it yourself or visit nearby Samsung Support center for that. I found this phone really awesome and great deal at price-point below 13k, whereas in market, even today it is selling at 15500 or 15200. About Features, you get 2 GB ROM for your apps installation, 16 GB internal storage (11.31 GB user available), Super AMOLED screen which is awesome, 1.3 mpx front camera (not VGA) and HD (720p) Video recording from rear camera and lot more. Although I found 768 RAM to be little less, but then I think lower price had to limit some features. Although recent trend is of bigger screens like 4.5 or 5 inches, I found 4 Inch screen is also not that bad / small. Few remarks from me; > The box came with White color headset whereas (I think) ideally it should have black one, SAMSUNG denied to provide an exchange. > Although Jelly Bean looks awesome on it, you will experience lag and slowness with it. BTW, gingerbread also looked great and was smoother to work with on this handset. > Polaris Office suit has document edit feature when you are on Gingerbread, once you upgrade to Jelly Bean, you only get Document viewer. > I don't know why it does not connect to my Laptop as storage (Good that I heard about "Wireless Data Cable" software)
Honestly speaking its Value for Money.If you have a budget of under Rs15000 & NOT A GAME FREAK then its good android to buy.I have done extensive research online about this product & have seen almost every review on flipkart.The Configuration & specs are excellent esp. the Super AMOLED display(Loved the display) at such a low price.Honestly speaking my phone is Hanging a lot,got slower.I have upgraded it to jelly bean.This phone is good if you are not a game freak.The small applications like evernote,skype,whatsapp etc work fine but the games just slow this phone down.Its just jammed when I tried to play Minion rush.After installing a decent number of applications(40 apps) this just turns slow,I tried using app killers but no gains.So I would suggest to add more money & buy S2 or higher end phone(esp Nexus series) if you intend for smoother,faster & better experience.
Although the phone looks pretty attractive in this price range, I think if u can wait then it'll be better to go for galaxy ace 3 (which most likely will be available within a month). Considering the specs, its definitely better than this phone nd is likely to fall in the price range of 13k(same as this). It has 1GB RAM and can run jellybean much smoother than this. Jellybean lags quite a bit on this phone. Also this phone(s advance) is outdated and not available in the market anymore. Eagerly waiting for ace 3!
which phone under 14000 would offer 1. A super amoled display(consumes less battery and displays vivid colors) 800*480 2. 16 gb internal memory 3. 768mb ram 4. 5mp camera 720p recording and playback 6. Up gradable to 4.1 jellybean officially 7.mali 400 graphics (better gaming) Bought it from a local store a week ago and so far its been an experience.. Battery lasts a day with normal internet usage.. very good quality headphones... sleek in design (looks like galaxy s2).. very easy to use with one hand......................... oh cant stop describing this beauty!!!!!!!!!!!! RECOMMENDED TO 4 FRIENDS ALL BOUGHT IT UNDER THIS WEEK AND OTHERS PLANNING TO BUY........ trust me you would not regret buying this at all.. :):)
I have been using this phone since past 15 days and is very much satisfied. I had done a lot of research on various websites and different retailers to get the best model below 15000/- The reviews were all mix and based on that I went for this. People are telling me to go for Grand but Super Amoled is the added advantage of this phone. Some complaints about Battery Backup but it is me who is connected to WiFi whole day which itself requires phone to be charged daily. It is my first smart phone and I am more than happy to use it.
I have ordered this phone after so many conclusions that I made before buying it rather than a Sony (less Battery Backup), Micromax (very huge & cheaper Plastic Finish), Nokia (no more Nokia please). Firstly It is not a jelly bean or ice cream sandwich, It is a Gingerbread, But, it has Super AMOLED display which is not available in Galay Grand duos or Micromax Canvas HD, its has Great Metal Finish, 4.0" is handy in jeans pocket, Dual Core CPU with 768MB Ram, and Lastly it ts a Samsung. Touch response is truely awesome and zipy multitasking, 720p Videos are amazing to see in this device, No lagging is observed in Gingerbread OS. Very satisfied with this Phone & Flipkart's awesome delivery.
bought this phone for 12825(made in vietnam & not in china)...for this price it is totally a feature packed phone..with 2 days of usage,here a some pros and cons- +its biggest pros is super amoled display, colors look bright and vivd and display is clear and crisp, no problem to use this phone in sunlight.. +internal storage is 16gb out of which 11gb is for mass storage and 1.9 gb is for apps installation, 2gb for apps is good.. +i m not a mobile gamer, usually play pc games but tested with tricky games like temple run and frontline commando, it worked without dropping a frame, thanks to mali v7 gpu.. +camera is good, flash is extremely good,there are lot of details in image with lil bit of noise so thats ok for phone of this price, u cant expect much... +sound is ok, not too good not too bad... +tested 1280x720 videos, it worked flawlessly,movie watching is joy... +net browsing is amazing, one of the major advantage,no lag at all even with heavy web pages... cons -ram is 555mb which is a major disappointment,u can upgrade it to jellybean for 625mb ram... -headphone is average with average bass and lot of noise.. -battery life is mediocre,doesn't last long with heavy usage... -may not run extremely graphics intensive games... for this price, it is definitely better than any other dual cores phones like xperia sola or htc desire x,blindly buy it,its production has been stopped so be quick indeed.. if u want a phone for gaming then spend 10k more and buy nexus 4(the beast), but for not too hardcore gaming, web browsing and everday usage this phone is simply the best...!!!!!
I received this phone after 6 days of order. good performance, good screen , average battery life. For this price definitely a worth phone +: Amoled display 4 inch very handy 16gb storage 768mb ram gorilla glass front facing camera all sensors removable battery SD card slot upgrade to JB can run temple run smoothly -: 1500mah battery 1gb ram could have better no camera key
I purchased this phone few week ago from flipkart. It is really amazing phone for the price range. All the apps are working good. Touch and display are amazing.Skype is working superbly even for 2G data.I strongly recommend this for those who wants an android phone under 15k.
First of all a big thanks to flipkart for its well known delivery service & for the gr8 price (13K) becoz i got d phone with a cash back disount. Now about the phone, like all other model it also has some pros and cons. You can count pros but you cannot count cons as in 13K how much you can expect. I have seen many people who is shouting for its cons, they must understand it is not Galaxy S2 or S3. I can say it is the best phone in its price range. After 1 week of its continuous use i can say: Build Quality:Definitely one of the best made device in the market but the back panel is not so good. Display: Super Amoled screen is the big plus for this phone.Its simply fantastic, even much highly priced phones like Galaxy Grand Android Version : Launches with Gingerbread,but now it can be upgradable to Android 4.1.2 JB Call Quality: The voice is clear and there has been no signal issues. Its the most fundamental feature of the phone and good to see Samsung has not overlooked at it. Battery: Battery backup is not a problem of this phone, this is present everywhere in Android. Though its battery last 16-18 hours with all kind of use. If you surf internet a lot and also play lot of games then i'll advise to carry a charger with you.You can use 2x battery saver it improves the battery life(Personal Experience) Camera: Front camera serve the purpose of video chat, not really good but yes it does your work. Back camera is good with flash and can take good pics.No 1080p video recording(What you can expect on 13K phone) Speakers:External speaker quality is somewhat low.But the earphone comes with the package is simply gr8. For game lovers most of the games runs smooth in this phone. Memory expensive games like Temple Run run very smooth without any lags. I'll advise to clear your memory (RAM) before starting any game. This phone comes with Mali 400 GPU which is best in market and which comes in S3, NOTE 1 & 2. Overall if you want a mid budget smart phone then don't waste your time in looking reviews over the net. It can only distract you. I will suggest go for it you are not going to regret. Other brands like NOKIA, HTC, SONY will not provide you the same feature at 14K. One more thing don't compare this with other brands (so called brands) like Micromax and Karbon. Samsung Galaxy S Advance is really a value for money with JB update. Just grab it..!!!
I have noticed , some reviews below.......I have bought this phone from FK 3 days ago immediately I have updated it to jelly bean via Kies. This phone improves its performance with JB update , after updating make sure to set it to factory default to avoid lagging. After updating it performs like a Higher end smart phone.
I dont want to mention about any of pros and cons about the phone as they r repeated in the previous reviews.. It would be even great if flipkart offers any memory card or cover with this phone...........
Hello folks!!!!! I wud like to thank flipkart fr their immediate delivery within 3 days time!!!!! Comin to the phone , this is my 2nd android phone. The 1st one was my LG P690 optimus net which hasn't disappointed me till date. I decided to buy a better high end phone , which are my foll specs: the phone shud be a dual core, 5 mp camera(hd recording not necessary), front facing cam , all the sensors(few phones do not have light sensors),4 inch screen,good gpu ,good battery and good internal memory. Now GSA(Galaxy S Advance) has provided with most of the specs(the battery shud have been atleast 1700mah). DISPLAY:The GSA phone has a display of 4 inch with super amoled which actually uses less battery than other phones xcept clear black display.I was damn impressed with the pic quality while watching movies or playing a game!!!!!10/10 CAMERA AND SOUND QUALITY: The 5 mp camera clicks quite gud snaps so m happy as for hd recording it doesnt luk tht gr8t as u wud xpect from a digicam!!!7/10(nokia 620 gives better snaps) As for the sound quality it is pretty loud for me since they speakers do not crackle. I love the in ear headset!!!!!10/10 Misc: i do not waste time talking about the specs ,but the phone is smooth when it comes to gb os, i havent tried jb os as there a lot of complains about it. The extent to which games can be played is awesome!!!!!Since there was no other colour for GSA , i brought a white back cover to make it luk different!!!! Anywys folks , if u really wanna buy a phone ,go for this one ,also think twice before buying nokia 620 as u have to trim the sim card which is why i opted for this phone!!!!
This android smartphone is my first android device and its great. -The touch is smooth just like an apple device -The phone comes with gingerbread and there are no lags whatsoever -with my 4 days of usage i have not noticed any hangs or shut downs -the 5mp camera is superb, takes nice and sharp pictures, the pictures look very sharp on the mobile because of the SUPER AMOLED screen, but once transferred on computer u will notice a colour change, like the colour fades, but the quality is not compromised, the images are sharp, zoom is unavailable in gingerbread but available in jellybean update -the loudspeaker is good, music output on the speaker is very good, and there is good amount of bass in the earphones provided by samsung, the sound is crystal clear -video recording is 720p HD and does the job well, the quality of the sound is good too -battery is good, with moderate use, and wifi on throughout it lasted 35hours, which included web browsing, 15-20 of 2g calling, a few pics and videos, lil music, installing of apps, temple run game, facebook and facebook messenger throughout, decent battery -maps and gps work good, the wifi connects qucikly and has a good range, bluetooth transfers are quick - the available RAM in gingerbread is 555 out of which 250-300 is always free. But when u upgrade it to jellybean the RAM goes upto 625 (i dont know how much is available for use as i have not updated it to jellybean yet but i have read it on the internet) -the secondary camera which is 1.2mp is good and video calling on skype is fun -the build of the phone is decent but the back battery panel is very thin, the phone itself is very light, a scratch guard and a hard back cover is a must -i did find the network issue when the network was on dual mode, after a call the network would go blank for 5secs and come back, but never got disconnected during the call, so the switched to gsm only mode and since then there is no issue whatsoever Final verdict: A very good android phone, its the best phone in the 10k-16k price range, for people who like big phones with huge displays can buy LG L9 and HTC lovers can buy Desire X, but this samsung galaxy s advance is better than the LG and HTC models i just mentioned. Majority of the Sony Xperia models in this price range have 3.5inch screen and just 512mb RAM, so its better to buy Samsung.
***Acc to me the look of this product is worst but after upgrading to Jelly Bean you will fall in love with it. *** Now comes to the point--------- Samsung Galaxy S Advance Advantages{LovE} 1.Android 2.3 and upgradable to 4.1.2 2.Quad-band GSM and dual-band 3G support 3.14.4 Mbps HSDPA and 5.76 Mbps HSUPA support 4. 4.0" 16M-color Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen of WVGA 5.(480 x 800 pixel) resolution; Scratch-resistant coating 5.Android OS v2.3.6 with TouchWiz 4 launcher 6.1 GHz dual-core Cortex-A9 CPU, Mali-400 MP GPU, 768MB of RAM 7.5 MP autofocus camera with a powerful LED flash, face and smile detection 8.720p HD video recording at 30fps 9.Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n support; DLNA and Wi-Fi hotspot 10.GPS with A-GPS connectivity; digital compass 11.8/16GB of inbuilt storage, microSD slot 12.Accelerometer, gyroscope and proximity sensor Standard 3.5 mm audio jack 13.Stereo Bluetooth v3.0 14.FM radio with RDS 15.Gorilla Glass 16.1.3MP secondary camera 17.Document editor File manager comes preinstalled Samsung Galaxy S Advance Main disadvantages (Hate) 1.No 1080p video recording 2.No Super AMOLED Plus, pentile matrix display suffers pixelation 3.Launches with Gingerbread But at this price its an awesome product.............
After doing a lot of research I zeroed in on this phone as it had lots of features found in top-end phones, upgradable to JB, small enough to fit trouser pocket, tough enough to withstand the daily grind, and it is from Samsung staple which is No.1 in India in Android Smartphones. The only problem I saw was in the price which was Rs.19,000/- a few months ago. I waited for the price to come down and about 2 weeks ago, I brought this from Flipkart for Rs.14000/-(this model was out of stock in most retail outlets in Bengaluru at Rs. 13,500). I am very happy with the performance even with Gingerbread! I just brought a Silicone Cap and a Screen Guard for added safety. The performance of the phone is amazing!!!! Go for it before the stocks are out again!!!!!!!!!!
superb phone !!! .. almost all desired features bundled in this piece. Worth It.. Buy It.. good feature phone in this price range. awaiting for Android v4 update.. Gingerbread working smooth without any issues.. sufficient battery life for surfing/music/video....
In the price range of 14k this is the best product. I purchased this for my friend who wanted an economic mobile with better processing speeds. Also Advance is getting jelly bean 4.1.2 update shortly that would make it up to date with the Android OS. I own a Galaxy s3 that also has a Mali 400 GPU. The one found on the s Advance is a 1 GHz Dual-core ARM Cortex-A9 processor and single core Arm Mali 400 MP GPU with LP-DDR2 memory module on a NovaThor U8500 chipset. I tried several games on it and it was quiet faster. The gmail app on the ginger bread had some issues, but overall it is a faster piece of device.
Long awaited Jelly Bean update for S advance released . Download it from Samsung updates, enjoy camera zooming and a lot more features.As of now, I haven't upgraded the Indian version. But done with the Serbian Version which was released a month ago is good. http://samsung-updates.com/device/?id=GT-I9070
Hello everyone, This phone is a wonder ,it’s the best we can get for Rs 15000. Review details: For explanation of technical terms go to : gsmarena.com/glossary.php3 Build Quality: Satisfactory build quality . plastic feel, but okay ,it has this silver band all around its sides,the screen is pitch black and we can’t differentiate from border and screen ,unless in direct sunlight. A jelly case and a regular screen protector should do the job of making the phone “accident fall safe” . Radios and communication(GSM - 850, 900, 1900; UMTS – 2100 single mini sim (ie,normal sim)| wifi 802.11 a/b/g/n | usb 2.0 connectivity(cable provided) |gprs and edge|3g |Bluetooth version 3| agps navigation|dlna (Bluetooth headset can be used )) Call quality is highly impressive but just after starting the call we have to wait a second or two (never more than that) for our voice to be heard at the other end.the gprs and edge connections are good and I get a decent speed on my internet connection. 3g speeds are totally impressive and 720p videos play smoothly over 3g.the Bluetooth connection is decent and achieve good speeds for file transfer. Battery:1600 mAh Li-Ion Battery lasts for one day for serious gaming 3g switched on the full day and heavy video playback . lasts for 2-3 Days for just sms and phone calls Sound and music : the sound quality is awesome on speakers and the headphones sounds like in a theatre in low background noise(indoors) , outdoor headphone music listening is good and immersive The music player has buit in time out ,for those music sleepers : ) built in equalizers,visualization,lyrics sync,sound effects etc. Sensors :The phone boasts accelerometers for movement speed,proximity sensors for switching display off during phonecall,light sensors for automatic brightness,geomagnetic sensors for directions(North,East,South,West) and gyro sensors for orientation change Display: (resolution:480x856 pxl | size: 4inch | pixel density :233 ppi) the display is unexplainably impressive, and with the super AMOLED screen ,the vividness of colors cant be expressed in words ,Samsung has a sample video already loaded on the phone when u get it. the display has high pixel density for a mid range phone,super clarity and it also has auto brightness so u don’t have worry about direct sunlight view , man its impressive, two seconds after you get into sunlight the display automatically adjust to a higher brightness which viewable. Touch: (super responsive| up to 10 finger touch /zoom support) Capacitive touch screen does a very decent job. Camera: (primary(back facing)= 5MP | secondary (front facing) = 1.3 MP) Very good photo quality when seen from mobile and excellent when seen on computer, But the color quality will be less when seen from the computer(thanks to AMOLED screen of the phone).the camera doesn’t have a zoom feature (this because of the android version and this is solved In the jelly bean android update). The video recording quality is perfect an it records at 1280x 720p as specified. The primary camera is good with decent video call quality(it is good to get a secondary camera exactly 1 mp not less and not more as the internet connection of the connection providers in India doesn’t provide high speed internet so a low quality video Is suitable from a front camera, if you have a 3g connection its okay) The LED flash is too good in the dark and provides decent lighting for capturing videos and photos. Memory and storage: (internal 16 gb | 768mb ram | external micro sd supported and expandable up to 32 gb) To be clear the phone comes with the internal memory divided as follows The 16 gb is divided to 11gb user memory :(u can use it to store wallpapers, music, videos etc ie , all you stuff like a memory card) 2 gb application memory (to install your android apps) And 2 gb system memory (the android operating system uses this and you can’t see this) And you can also buy a micro sd card and use it in the phone (external storage ,maximum a 32 GB micro sd card) Dimensions : easy to handle using one hand, a little big for the jeans pocket while using two wheelers . :) Contacts and sms storage: really unlimited :) Now for the realm part , The system hard ware: the dual core 1 GHz ARM Cortex-A9 processor indeed does an excellent job of delivering high speed ,crisp performance, never felt being slow. Thanks to the graphics processor, the mali 400mp gpu , gaming is a immersive experience When combined with the vivid screen and even nfs most wanted, asphalt 7,nova 3, shadowgun etc worked on this phone.. THE MOST IMPORTANT PART OF THE PHONE : THE ANDROID OPERATING SYSTEM WE have 2.3.6 gingerbread version of the android os , loaded on the phone when we get ikt , the phone can be upgraded to latest jelly bean (4.1.2) version (Indian updates will be soon available through the Samsung kies software (you have to download this from the Samsung website)).
I am really happy with my purchase. I had been searching long for a good android phone but didnt want to spend a grand sum for the latest features. This phone has a great spec for the price. Even though it is discontinued, there are few phones in the market which can match it in terms of specs at this price point. I really love the Super Amoled display which has some great viewing angles. I prefer the 4" screen compared to the new norm for 4.8/5" screens which makes such phones uncomfortable to hold. This phone is light and feels great to hold in the hand and all the functions are easily accessible. The only disadvantage being it is loaded with GingerBread. But for those who are tech savvy, they can easily upgrade it to Jelly Bean the moment you receive it (like I did)! Word of advice regarding battery consumption - it does eat a lot of battery because of the brilliant display and the auto brightness setting. Install an app like Juice Defender to stretch your battery life and also prevent unwanted services from running in the background. It also has some "bling" features like calling a contact when you bring the phone close to your ear or muting an incoming call when you flip the phone (this works if you are playing music also). Camera is not its strong point but it shoots some decent pictures in daylight. Another point to note is that the default player doesnt play 1080/720p files right out of the box. I tried this with both mkv and mp4 files. You have to install third party software like vlc or mx player for playing such videos. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good android phone under 15K.
first of all it's a awesome service from flipkart. ..sgsa has been delivered in my hostel in two days... come to the point. ..y u buy a smartphone. ..? to get the ultimate use of current technology s in mobile. ..in a affordable price... (frankly speaking its a tata nano concept...u r going to buy a 1lakh s car n compairing with a safari!!!! lol) sgsa s jst a perfect example of that...in 14k (when I bought it was 14.5) ull get what you want... ive survived a lot befo buying. ..ull get a thousand s of options in this price tag...bt some of them r may b lack of processor...may b screen size..may b internal memory its a ultimate combination 1.awesome display. (super amolated) 2.big screen. (4") 3.n the internal memory(16gb) really a big advantage 4.the camera@ hd video(u can play mkv without converting. .i think ....dats enough for u....coz mist of thd hd s comes under mkv.) the big qus is sgsa supports in jb? it ll take 10 min max to update to jb...ive updated in jb in the next day of purchasing. n its workings like a charm is big game's can b played here.? currently m praying the amazing Spiderman nfs hot pursuit real racing 3 no hangs no lags.!!! belive me its really a value for money p.s-now dnt say that it lackes dual sim......jsr go for a school nokia/Samsung dual sim ph yr....
finaly a got it..............! value for money.....................! pros........! Super Amoled Display(pictures nd videos look great) Front Camera Dual core Processor(very smooth experiance) 768 mb ram 16gb internal memory(11gb available nd 2gb for apps) micro sd card slot Gamming i would say preety decent on the device...............i hav installed many games lik........temple run2......angry birds............nfs mostwanted..........nova 3...............six guns...etc.....nd they work fine...........! about............videos play back............it runs 720p flawlessly............but 1080p do not ply............! i got this on 12 april..............till now i havent faced any lag ..............no lag at all..............! nd i hav updated my phn to jelly bean...........also..............it works very good............no issues............! some cons ................! battery life its big issue for those who are heavy user ............they will need to charge it twice a day.............! camera......its not at all good.............for those who use camera on phone..............my advise is go for the other options like htc desire x ..or sony xperia sola................! os ......it comes with ginger bread out of the box...............nd till now there is no update for india.......but u can update it manually...............like me........! nd i advice u gyz ........also byu a screen gaurd for it.............because....i dose not hav......any gorila glass on it..................!
Hey, I just bought this mobile one week back for 15.5k from a local retailer and it's an awesome phone as far as I am concerned. +++ 16 GB internal memory (1.5 as system storage, 11.1 as USB Storage and rest to android) +++ 768 RAM, although only 555 MB is available. +++ GPU is Mali 400 MP, best for gamers and graphic intensive apps. --- Camera is 5MP with NO ZOOM. Android version is 2.3.6, but the official Indian update for Jelly Bean is being rumoured round about end April or early May. Please don't try to root the phone to get better android version as it may end up messing your mobile up. For a more in-depth review please refer Dhiraj Bodkhe's 28th March review of the mobile
Hey Guys for all those who are waiting for JB update...Its already launched for Russia But still this phone doesn't works stably as stable while on GB, so Guys pls wait new version of JB for SA are being launched in Russia too and once a stable version is developed it will be launched in India too... overall The phone was the best buy at that time and is still a gud option....
Hi Guys, I Purchased this mobile 2 days back at 14,650/- at Chandigarh, well looking at the front side of the phone its pretty nice and stylish after applying screen guard..It just looks awesome.... Btw I want to tell you guys that this mobile will soon be stopped manufacturing because when i searched it in the market many shopkeepers said that it become obsolete and due to the launch of grand it won't be available in the market due to which The stock holder who sell this mobile raised its price...hence its better to purchase this mobile before its too late AS this phone is good in 1. GPU 2. Processor 3. RAM 4. 720p Recording 5. Battery Life So, Go For it.... And One more thing.... Is there any chance of JB for this phone in india.... Being a Pessimist....I am afraid that samsung won't launch JB update in india...don't know why...."Feeling nahi aa rahi" so please if anyone gets any news for JB please post here...thanks in advance Seya...
This was my 2nd order with Flipkart and as usual quality product from Samsung and best in class service from FlipKart. About the Product: Positives: 1. Best dual core android mobile available at 15,500/- (Including 16 GB Memory Card) 2. 16 GB internal storage and external storage expandable upto 32 GB 3. Good display, Descent audio quality 4. No Call drop as experienced by other users Negatives: 1. Long wait for JB update Conclusion: Might not be the best handset but best amoung very few available with Dual Core processor within such range. Hence, recommended for people with budget constraint.
Been using it for 5 months , works like a charm. Recently upgraded to Jelly Bean and the best part is now it takes only 100 mb ram only , so applications will get 625 Mb . Currently it is available in Europe only , if you are unable to wait download the image and update it yourself .
The phone is the choice for someone looking for Android phone with a ~20K budget (remember you need to buy a case/cover/scratch guard). I've been using it for the past 20 days and there was no hangs till date. No lags even with multiple games/apps open.
Guys this is really the awe-sumest phone in market now within 20K...Got it 1 week ago...!!!This is my first android phone and i just love it.... I got it from flipkart 1 week ago....!!Delivered within 2 bussiness days....!!Before buying this phone hav done a great deal of research on d phones available in d market..!!Didn't want to spend more than 20K so within that range checked a lot many phones....and the phones that were on my list are below: Xperia Sola,HTC desire VC, S advance, S Duos(single core processor- so excluded it). But i simply love Samsung's touch wiz.Its crisp and has a very nice contrast and even in broad day-light its good.One of my room mates have HTC Sensation XE but I didn't like HTC sense. Secondly the design of S advance looks really good and is handy. Thirdly though u can't use the video calling facility normally but with skype it is kind of exciting and the other two didn't have it. Fourthly, many people discouraged me about this phone saying that it's discontinued and came with Gingerbread out of the box. But who cares!! Its still awesum with ginger bread and servicing etc is not a problem. The battery life is also good. I use the phone at offc for browsing,online magazine and newspaper reading,whats app,gtalk etc purposes :P and also use it in my home wireless network for hours but still it sustains enough charge and till now haven't seen any problem of heating up etc...which is a very good thing. Have installed and played temple run. No issues/lags while playing the same. However i wud like to point to one thing honestly.... navigating thru the home-screens is not very fast like the sensation XE though multi-tasking etc doesn't laggs.While i was downloading songs i played temple run and played songs.It seemed al-righty den. Also the absence of a dedicated key for the camera's is felt and sound quality not extra-ordinary. But finally i would say i simply love this phone.Within 20k its really the best and handy and great to look at.No issues till now and with some cool apps totally worth the money and great to use on a day to day basis. Fourthly this phone
Wonderful mobile given the price tag. No issues watsoever while using the phone. Some might find that no Zoom Option is available but that doesnt take this handset away from glory. With Samsung Germany in its FACEBOOK page confirmed JB update in JAN 2013, hopefully we can expect the same in INDIA by February 2013. The curved AMOLED display is a treat in your hands. And needless to say FLIPKART as usual have delivered within 3 days with a 16 GB model which I quite didnt expect ;-) Pros : 1) Curved SAMOLED display 2) JellyBean android 4.1 update soon 3) Dual Core A9 Cortex processor for smoother experience 4) Mali 400-MP GPU processor (Same as in GALAXY S II) 5) Gorilla Glass for extra protection 6) 1.3 MP Front Cam 7) Upto 32 GB expandable SD card 8) Sim card not under the battery Cons : 1) No Digital Zoom available (although it can be done using Camera Zoom FX app) 2) No 1080p vdo recording 3) Battery cud have been atleast 1650 MAmps The only comparable mobile at this moment is SAMSUNG GALAXY S III MINI with 4.1 JB out-of-the box but overly pricey. However with SGA getting the update it will surely ruin the sale of S III Mini
Trust me guys this is the best smartphone in 19000. Earlier it was overpriced to 23000 something but in 19000 its best deal. This is the best config of processor and memory and GPU you are going to get in this budget. I have been using it from 3 weeks and its super awesome. Highly recommended for people who are techcrazy and Gamecrazy. +1gh dual core processor- its a beast. No lagging in any graphic and working is super fast. this is same processor which S@ shared, only it is overclocked in S2 +mali 400 GPU- one of the best GPU. No lagging in any game played till now. S3 and S2 and Note 2 has the same GPU :) +16GB internal memory- This is the biggest advantage because most apps are installed in internal memory and many phones are limited to insatalltion of few apps coz of limited internal memory. I have 80plus app and games installed in my phone :) +700MB RAM- multitasking multitasking and multitasking. Trust me u will never run out of memory in anu game n app till now. +5MP camera- Super quality images and HD recording +SuperAMOLED display- its brilliant and u can see every detail even in fulll sunlight. 480x800 resolution is mindblowing. u will love each images in it :) +battery life is very good. Full days backup with games and surfing and music and calls and sms. If u play hardware hungry games continuously then battery will drain quickly as processor and GPU uses will be high. +design- design of the phone is very unique. very few have noticed that the screen is curvy no flat. It makes the look of the phone supercool. Last but not the least Flipkart superfast delivery- ordered and received day after 2morrow, what else do u want :) Trust me guys buy this phone and u wudn't regret!!!
I have been using this phone for past a month now. Bought it from a local mobile shop for about 18Ks Pros : - Excellent 4.0 inch super AMOLED screen. - Excellent touch response - its butter smooth. - 1 GHz dual core processor works like a charm, multitasks with ease. - Can handle anything thanks to its Mali-400 GPU [the same used in SII & SIII] - latest graphics intense games, HD movies, etc. - Has 16 GB inbuilt memory [you won't even need a memory card] & it can be expanded upto 32 GB more via SD card. -Has good 5MP back shooter & 1.3 MP front cam, flash is very bright. -It is very slim & light weight Cons: The only con i can find is that it is still on 2.3 GingerBread, though Samsung has promised 4.1 JellyBean update soon. Some people are saying that they are having problem with network. I've read somewhere that Samsung has updated firmware & solved the issue. I've never had them - so i can say that that there is no problem with signal. Conclusion: At this price range, this phone totally smokes the competition. If your range is 18000 - 19000 and you want an all performing, fully loaded phone that tackles everything you throw at it with ease, look no further and buy this phone.
This phone is best in it's range...I brought it one week back...no issues, workign fine. It is really fast and touch is also very good. I would say if your budget is not to buy Galaxy S2 then this would be the right option.
dont worry! samsung gave 4 stable updates the phone has ddl4 version we can observe it in settings > about phone it can updated to ddl9 version. the updates absolutely clears the networks issues i got this info from various sites like gsm arena etc........ so dis is not a problem to buy dis phone that too this is eligibled for jelly bean 4.1 update the latest android. absolute sleek design thinner than galaxy ace 2 so we can opt for this mid range android with no doubts. im sure dat it is better performer than galaxy s duos and desire x and its other rivals thnk u
One solution for the network problem, which was one of the reviews of this phone that helped me to solve this network problem. Do this - (In SETTINGS under WIRELESS & NETWORK then in MOBILE NETWORKS, under NETWORK MODE I have selected the GSM ONLY option instead of GSM/WCDMA(Auto Mode))…. Now I am happy with the performance …u guys can try doing this.
I bought this handset from the samsung store almost 3 weeks ago and it only bring one word out of your mouth AWESOME! PROS: 1. 4 inch super AMOLED screen. 2. Dual core Cortex A-9 processor. 3. Very good secondary camera for video calling. 4. Very responsive touch. 5. Good call quality. 6. Runs all kind of games and apps effortlessly. 7. Sleak and Attractive design. 8. Good sound quality. 9. Good camera quality. 10. 16 GB internal space. CONS: 1. Gingerbread OS.(update for JELLY BEAN coming by november) 2. Very rare network problem. 3. Low battery life.
I do not own this phone but have it on my dream list. I have read several reviews out here and people seem really upset about the out of box ginger bread version of android and no assurance for an update to ICS. But heres some news to cool you guys down. Theres news that samsung wont be releasing an ICS(android 4.0) update but would release a JELLY BEAN(android 4.1) update directly. Theyve planned to jump over ICS and provide a JB update. U guys can google it out. I havent posted any links as flipkart requests reviewers not to post any links in their reviews.
Have used this mobile for over a month now. No regrets guys. Go for it. Easily the best mobile under 20000. With the jelly bean update due in november, this's gonna get better. The Xperias, Nokias, or LGs are no match for the S Advance.
Bought this phone a month back (20th Aug)This particular model has serious network related problems.M facing network problem right form day 1.Network goes off automatically any time and comes again after few seconds.Sometimes it shows network after rebooting the phone. Have read about this over the net n came to know that almost all the owners of this model are facing same problem. As of now i have given my phone for motherboard replacement.But i dont have ne hopes as many users have complained that even after motherboard replacement the problem persists. Lets c what samsung does with my handset... Prospective buyers be cautions while buying such a costly phone...!!!
After a long research of 10 days I finally settled with this phone. I almost lost my heart to Galaxy S2 but it was way out of my pocket. My budget was 20K. I was desperate to find some mobile which can provide me good hardware and stylish look. The hard ware in this mobile is awesome. The display is Amoled which is way better than any sony phone or Iphone. It also gives 1 GHz processor with 16 GB in built memory. It's camera is awesome. It's 5 MP. The secondary cam is also good. The only problem is there is no zoom. Anyway who needs a zoom when it's 5 MP cam ? I atleast don't. It has satisfied my needs fully. And I can say it's an excellent phone. I love it! It also has power saving mode, voice recognition and Motion sensors. It's really cool! Way better than an I-Phone 3gS. In India samsung service centres are easily available. I rate it 4 star bcoz I wanted 1 GB RAM for my work. Anyway I can compromise on it. Its still worth putting 19.5K in this phone!
actually it is a android 2.3 device, i don't know whether or not it is going to get the ICS, leaving it is a mid range device and should not be priced more than 20,000/-. For that price you can get sony xperia P (23000) and xperia sola(19000), which both are going to upgrade to ICS and very good looking phones with gr8 specs.
This phone has a big problem of hang like every other samsung phone.Please do not buy ths phone ,its very panic to tolerate such a phone.
After buying this mobile for Rs.19000/- and using it for 2 years, I have decided not to buy samsung henceforth
I ordered this product on 1st may and got it on 4th may. Awesome experience with Flipkart as always. And about the product- Its been 2 weeks since i am using this phone and few inputs from my side - 1) Specifications In specifications its written that RAM, ROM, USB memory is 768 MB, 4GB and 16 GB while in the phone it is showing 555 MB, 1.97 GB and 11.31 GB respectively. Dont know whether its there in my handset only but i doubt it because i read few flipkart reviews wherein others have also said it. 2) gamers may face a bit problem Also I have been playing temple run since the first day i got the phone. I have to usually go to task manager and stop few of the applications so that my game runs at its usual speed else if i directly start playing temple run, the phone lags a bit. Note that so far i have only installed 4 apps so far- whatsapp, viber, templerun, android assistant and already i am facing this problem. 3) Jelly Bean upgrade slows down the phone Third thing is - although jelly bean update is available but a/q to internet reviews it slows down ur phone. tonight i thought i will upgrade to jelly bean but when i turned to internet for know-how about upgradation, what i found was users complaining that after upgradation, their phones are hanging a lot and applications are taking a lot of time to run and that they are thinking to revert back to gingerbread. AND about the plus points its in most of the other reviews. My experience- I think its a good buy, i m happy having it rather i am loving it and the experience so far has been awesome :) except above issues but then i am not a big gamer and dont mind having gingerbread. Hope this helps and u buy the best one for urself. ATB.
I was thinking if I should buy the xperia sola or s advance. I chose this phone as it has better specs. I use this device a lot for gaming sometimes there is lag and sometime there is not. Device came from flipkart within 24 hours pros: 1.nice curved design 2.dual core cortex a9 processor 3.good gaming gpu 4.Amoled display for rs14500 5.comfortable 4 inch display 6.The phone looks way better than the picture in flipkart 7.scrolling is as smooth as butter cons: 1.only 555mb of ram which I think gives the slight lag for gaming 2.It gets very hot while gaming 3.battery should be better 4.Wish it was jelly bean out of the box. 5.mostly made of plastic (as usual for samsung products) 6.display cannot be seen properly in sunlight 7.no camera zoom in the pre-installed app (but you can download another camera app from play store which has zoom) The cons are not major. This is the best phone for the price. I definitely recommend this phone for you. I thank flipkart again for their super speedy delivery.
I purchased new s advance from Samsung gallery Thane. From beginning I started getting network issues. Though everybody in vicinity gets network suddenly my phone's network is gone. Friends get me unavailable. I immediately demanded the replacement, but was turned away by the dealer asking me to go to the Samsung service station. In service station some settings were changed & also some software update was made telling me that some models have some issues. (Implicitly admitting the defect), Irrespective of the same I still get network availability issues. Now I was suggested to change the sim card, so I changed my vodafone sim. Still the error persists. I am now clueless about what to do. The phone with good features but basically lagging in the basic communications is useless. What is more disturbing is that Samsung being such a reputed brand in India, the response to the complaint for replacement is being declined. Not expected from Samsung :-( .. a big disappointment
I didnt find anything advanced as such out of this phone as this has the same 2.3.6 OS.. and similar specs that of Galaxy R... Only difference being a smaller screen than R.. Please Samsung.. Stop your conventional models and enhance your creativity.. Release models like Galaxy Beam in India to better your market share. Changing the name of earlier released phones will not hld good for you in any ways... Hope my review reaches to atleast one person in Samsung..
First of all, u need to know what and how android works (google for that) android is known for its customization. I agree that with stock samsung rom, this phone sucks! however, if u understand what rooting is, and u root this phone (from xda developers) ur experience of android and this phone will be exceptional. I LOVE MY PHONE! the display is best in its class, ram is enough for almost anything, dual core processor never lagged for me. battery is decent and depends on usage, ideally works for atleast 30 hrs on 2g. i rooted the phone to aftermarket rom based on kitkat and i will never ever look back! ideal size of the phone and intense gaming experience. the only reason i will ever stop using this phone, is the day that it dies. as of today, if u need to buy a phone, maybe moto g 2nd gen or something would be ideal. u have to understand that this particular model was launched a long long time back and technology has improved a lot since then. however, if u are a user of this phone and u hate it because of lags, maybe its not the fault of this device, rather ur limited knowledge about android. before hating, increase ur knowledge base, and root it for wonders to happen. all u need is a little faith.
I bought this phone about an year back. The phone was working great with Gingerbread (I guess thats why it gets so many 5 stars in the reviews). Then came the Jellybean update which royally screwed up my phone. The phone hangs every so often and the battery has to be taken out and phone restarted. Simple things like calling and texting is a torture. It doesnt get charged properly. It says "charging" but gets discharged instead. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE (unless you take masochistic pleasure in torturing yourself)
Worst product from samsung. I would request everyone not to order this product.. better you can buy some china product...Purchased this product on 13th July, problems like freezing and apps shutdown often. not responding . did all trouble shooting steps sent by flipcart, still faced same issue, Finally flipcart replaced with new device, Received on 1st Aug , Again same problems which i faced with prevous one... Can give rating only for FLIPCART, because of fast shipping...So please never order this product
simply the best phone money can buy in india RS 13500/- can not give you more :) everything working fine. just go buy and enjoy it :) the sleek look and the amoled display is the main attraction with a 5 mp camera+ 1.3 mp secondary cam tried skype on it and it works fine :) i like this product
Pathetic support from Samsung. An unstable release for Jelly Bean and the phone has turned as a snail. Never buy samsung phones
1. Samsung Galaxy S Advance is a phone with great features like (amoled screen, 4inch display, etc) 2. But the main problem is the camera, dust is getting filled inside the camera (which can be cleaned only by the service personnel). 3. I cleaned it for more than 3 times till 26th august 2012. and now again the primary camera filled with dust. 4. Samsung customer care, a very horrible service, the local service center gave the phone number of samsung call center, and when i call the samsung call center, they gave the manager's number of the local service centre. 5. After 1 year (if the warranty expires), we need to clean the camera by paying service charges. No use, dont go for it, if you want to go, then dont bother about the camera. Search in the web, there are so many complaints about this phone mainly the dust in the camera.....
Samsung Galaxy S Advance is best in its class. I just bought from flipkart with great service of delivery. I got my phone on 21-12-2012. And i am totally satisfied with this phone and its features, no problem or no issue regarding the phone. Just Samsung gives Android 2.3.6. But in january 2013 they have declare give an update of Jelly Bean 4.2, so no issue with that also. And among its internet purpose, its so smooth and with long lasting battery of a day with download and all, without net the battery will work such a long as 2,3 days with all chating and calling,its my experience. The rear camera of 5.0 MP is so cool and at night it works more cool with L.E.D Flash, and the Front camera of 1.3 MP is cool too. You can tak on Skype/Yahoo/Video call and more with best experience of camera really. No other will give as good as this phone have, and features are all cool no issue with that too. It's slim, good looking, long lasting battery, good camera and yeah the super AMOLED screen really rocks. I have no problem with any of its features, even i also check the browsing from its inbuilt web browser, it is really good, no issue with that too. I am happy with this phone. And yes i will say that take exprience of this phone, you will know it yourself in short. Such a cool phone it is :-) . Must buy.... But have to wait for an update of O.S thats it. Else everything works great. Good speakers and microphone, good call quality. Best in its class at this range. 19000 RS. Go for it.
Undoubtedly, the phone is too good to be under this range. It is tough, has very smart features as explained in the specifications and in obviously in the reviews, which explains the product way more than any website can. The thing is I guess, it is to your luck whether the phone will remain as good as it was before the jellybean update :p. Didn't go too well for me, nor too bad. But the phone lags at times and sometimes hangs completely and can be recovered only by taking the battery out. My acquaintances who didn't upgrade the phone didn't undergo any such problems and it is still the best phone for them indeed, I went back to the service center to degrade the phone back, But they won't degrade it but only upgrade it, which did no good to me. I Still believe no other phone (under 13-14k) can be as good as this ,however huge processors they have, believe me my sisters are using other phones under 15k and they stand comparatively no where only if you are not a camera freak:p. Great phone Otherwise. Just go easy on the update thing. Cross your fingers and hope for the best before upgrading it :P
I have been using this mobile for the past 1.5 years and most of the times the connectivity sucks. Also there is a lag in 3G internet connectivity in my phone. It's a pain to keep changing between WCDMA & GSM ( this is definitely not due to network ). Otherwise the phone is good for other purposes.
I have bought this phone looking at its spec.Spec is high.But it really hangs a lot.During internet,while adding a contact,while receive a call the phone got stuck.Its really annoying me.I prefer to hold a samsung guru basic model than this phone.Never ever Never ever buy this phone.One more thing ,after one month of purchase the charging port did not work.Samsung replaced it but they charged.Pathetic samsung now a days.I will Never buy samsung in my life again.Flipkart service was excellent.
This phone may be great till gigerbread, not with jelly bean version. hangs very often and overall I have lost faith in Samsung altogether. specs and reviews are good though but started giving issues after 6 months.
It's been more than a year, liked the performance of the phone, better than compared to it's Samsung peer (S Duos). In the price of 14,500/- in March '13, this was a good buy.
I'm sick of this now. I bought it a year ago, it worked fine in those days but now. Its just outdated. Go for MOTO G and other options. No updates by samsung. Really crap phone
Its hanging too much !!!!!!!!!!!!!! waste of buying this phone better not to update this phone to jelly bean .
Samsung Galaxy Advance S I9070 Mobile is best at very reasonable Price from Flipkart.This mobile has all the features that a smart phone should have.It has 1.3 megapixel front camera and 5 megapixel Back Camera with very good quality flash and the best part is the screen is curve and we can upgrade the OS very easily.When i bought it the OS was Gingerbread and i upgrade it to Jelly bean officially.
1.Super amoled at this price is the main tag.. 2.moreover 768 MB ram,the main thing for multi-tasking 3. the A9 cortex ,DUAL CORE processor...multi-tasking as well as gaming done 4.the graphics....MALI 400... best best ever for intense gaming 5.the very main thing internal memory 16 GB.....for high end gamers,and high level downloaders.....your needs satisfied!! :) EXPANDABLE 32 GB 6.no doubt... the 5 MEGAPIXEL camera is fab..with led flash...followed by fr. cam.1.3 MP 7. ANDROID 2.3........now upgrade available to ANDROID 4.0.4 ICS
So far so good with this phone. Didn't give me much trouble since my purchase (unlike my other micromax mobile A240 which I had to take to the service center within a week of purchase). My verdict: Samsung gives Quality phones.
I am writing this review after owning this phone for almost an year. The performance has been great. I do NOT use the phone to play games except the one that my kids play (Subway Surfers, Temple Run, etc.) and it has held up great under those conditions. PROs: + Screen is robust; been dropped a couple of times and not a scratch on it. + Decent battery performance (1.5 days; I spend about 30mins on the net using the phone). + Voice quality is decent; call performance is good. CONS: - Construction is flimsy. Each time I dropped the phone everything (battery cover and battery) literally comes apart. - Screen is not clear in direct sunlight. In short I am happy with what I got; the phone met my expectations and needs.
I bough this mobile in the month of July 2013 for around 13k. The quality of the phone, the processing speed of the phone is good but it is at the expense of the battery. If i charge the phone on day1 morning again i have to recharge it on by day2 evening. I usually talk for an hour at the most and listen to music. If i use Wifi then the battery drains considerably.
close ur eyes, keep ur brain in pocket and purchase the phone......... assum phone...... nice looks, great specifications......... 100% cons free.
Good cell. Bought it 8 months back. Some software issues. Got resolved on upgrading to Android 4.2. But some more different software issues resurfaced. Will try formatting again. not worth it!
It should be secondary phone if someone receives calls, make calls along with surfing.... 1. Good speed. 2. Android: - sync gmail, photos and other details with my pc.. 3. Battery: - Good.. 4. Looks : - good 5. Handy: 6.sound good.. 7. Camera: - above good: equivalent to Nokia's 8 megapixel cameras..
If there is a hardware problem still they are only solving problem with software update nothing doing. Same problem occured within next few days. If you asking for resale value 18500 cell for rs only 1500. pahle to yeh chore hain iphone ke software ka.
samsung cheated people...with this kinda high price devices ...hang,lag, freeze is the story of this phone ...I was thinking this is a great phone before having one but after getting in maah hand I found this phone is not as per expectations ....
I AM USING THIS PHONE FOR LAST 01 YEAR .IT GETS STUCK EVERYDAY,,EVERY HOUR,,,!!!!!!!!BUT IT HAS GOOD CAMERA (IF CAMERA IS OPENING ON TIME)AND SCREEN(ABSOLUTELY SUPERB) .THIS PHONE CANNOT BE CATEGORIZED UNDER SMART PHONE Y BECAUSE ITS NOT AT ALL SMART.ITS LAGS LAGS AND AGAIN LAGS....................... THIS S A TRUE REVIEW FROM A SAMSUNG LOVER....PLS DONT BUY THIS PHONE!!!,,,AND FLIPKART IS DOING GOOD....ITS ALWAYS BEFORE TYM....
This product is not for those who are gamers and freak of watching full HD movies. It hangs when I play Temple Run or even Candy Crush. Believe me earlier I thought it might be an OS issue, but after upgrading my OS experiencing the same issue. Think twice before you buy..
Been using for about a month now and been loving it. For low price of 12K you get a trimmed down version of Galaxy S2. Features and specs written in product details so im not going to bore you. From my experience, it functions beautifully, most of the top trending games run without a hitch and smooth. Call quality and sound very good. Camera and video very good. The Amoled screen and display is the highlight. Awesome !!! Only minor point is that RAM is Only 625 MB although in spec its mentioned 725!!! A phone with these kind of feature and apps will defo require at least above 800, then again if you install a considerable number of apps it should function smoothly. Multi tasking works great! Overall Excellent value for money and a great solid phone with quality performance and aesthetically pleasing looks. Go for it !
Using this handset past 6 months.I am a rough user and like to keepmy phone fully loaded with bulky apps.Till now the handset is working absolutely hassle free with a standard speed. I am fully satisfied. You may go for it.
This phone is value for money deal. But I has several issues. Cons : 1. After Jelly bean update phone crashes every time. 2. Ram is only 700mb. 3. Significant signal loss in indoor.I think this is the problem with all samsung smart phones. My S3 has same problem. Pros: 1. Super AMOLED screen 2. Good looking. 3. Works fine with the Gingerbread.
I have a HTC desire X already. I'm not able to resist comparing both. Pros: This one is having gyrocompass and front camera which is not there in Desire X. This one is cheaper by 3-4 K compared to HTC Desire X whereas other specifications are almost same. cons: Camera is not as good as in desire X. But, surely not bad. I think desire X UI (HTC Sense) is better than this one. When I checked in the market, I was told that, this product is not in the market. But, I got this one on flikart at attractive price around 12500. I think, feature + price wise, it is killing other Samsung phones, so, this might get removed from market. So, if you are not a game savvy or going for first android, good to go for this one.
First of All thanks a lot to Flipkart. I placed order for Samsung Galaxy S Advance i9070 (Metal Black) on 18th August. And Amazed. I got my mobile on 22nd August. This is really prompt and quick delivery of my product. Thanks WS Retail. I want to make it clear and give assurance to those who believe that Online retailers sells duplicate or damaged or expired or adulterated products, that actually its totally myth and rumors. The Mobile I purchased from flipkart was manufactured in just recent in August and was original and genuine. Till the date I have received original products and I am satisfied by the services. The only missing thing is lack of lucrative offers and discounts. About Samsung Galaxy S Advance: Please don't judge its look ugly based on renders provided. OMG!!! I amazed with its look and design when actually I hold it first time. It's more sexier and stylized in real especially its curved gorilla glass. The most important feature is its Super AMOLED Display which produces amazing clearer picture than ugly LCDs. (This is the Cheapest AMOLED Samsung). Its Black pixels are so deeper that you wont find distinction between Screen boundaries. Yeah, It hangs frequently if you have Jeally Bean 4.1. I am going to buy Nokia Lumia 925 next year because of its outstanding and sexier design.
it runs all games that run on galaxy s2 and s3 without any lag..i bought from flipkart 4 months ago for 13000/-in gingerbread there is no problem ..after upgrading to jellybean the phone is very laggy..so without jellybean update phone performs excellent..
This is a good phone in its budget range and it is Android 4.1.2 (although listed features are showing older version here). A little bit sluggish but overall satisfied with its performance. (Antutu benchmark score - 7305) From my view - Design - 3.5 out of 5 Build quality - 3.5 / 5 Performance - 3 / 5 Camera - 4 / 5 Sound - 3 / 5 Battery life - 3.5 / 5 I think, you can go for it if you have allergy for Micromax or Xolo or something like that (like me :-D) and you not gonna pay >15K.
I am forced to write this review after facing so much mental agony. I bought this phone from flipkart on May 11, 2013. I used the phone for just 2.5 months and one day it suddenly stopped and did not come up again. I took it to the nearest Samsung service center, they analyzed the phone for 4 days and the verdict was "faulty motherboard". Service center guys took 8 days after that to replace the motherboard. I collected the phone from them yesterday, now with new motherboard, phone is not at all able to detect my SIM. I have tried it with 2-3 SIMs but in vain. Now, I will have to again do rounds of service center but I am just feeling that I have wasted my 15K and have no hope that I will ever get this phone in proper condition again. It gets ironical when the so called smartphones are not even able to provide basic functionality of making calls. I don't recommend this phone to other people.
As usual flipkart delivery is best. Pros: Super AMOLED display, build quality, Camera all the great features after upgrading After upgrading to 4.1 jelly bean Cons: Ram, Battery Back up, phone some time lags and memory card is unreadble some times so need to restart or remove/reinsert the card again but might be issue with my kingston card If I would have wait for 1-2 months more, would have bought xperia M Rest all depends on your understanding of android software
All the above reviews are true and the only cons i felt is delay in contacts in jelly bean. But this can be rectified using the GO CONTACTS free app from play store. The phone comes with pre-installed jelly bean so u don't need to upgrade.. There was one day delay in delivery and flibkart can give much freebies for the long time customers
i got the Samsung Galaxy S Advance i9070 phone set in 2 days in home service of flipkart is excellent. Samsung set is not good it is hanging time to time i am not recoment this phone to any one. Thanks ...
Brought this phone two weeks back for 12.5K and according to the price this is the one of the best mid-range phone (I really like the shape which is entirely different from current Samsung design). Good service by Flipkart and WSRetail. Got with 2.3 Gingerbread OS and upgraded to 4.1.2 Jelly Bean through Samsung kies, after upgrading the phone become bit slow but it is acceptable. Satisfied with the price and performance. As already lots of users discussed about pros, mentioning some cons which I felt with the device. Cons:- - Basic functionality of any phone is making call, it required more steps in this phone and contacts loading is slow comparatively with other Android phones(Sony Xperia J) and iPhone 4. - External Speaker sound quality is not up to the mark(My old Nokia has more crisp and clear external speaker sound) - Feels back cover made with cheap plastic - Battery is lasting only for a day(12 Hour) with average use of 1 Hour Wi-Fi,4 Hour 2g and 1 Hour gaming - Available RAM is 625 MB only(Not sure why it is mentioned as 768 MB RAM in the features) and most of the time above 500 MB RAM is under utilization - Phone is black colour and provided head phone is in white colour Over all the phone is good enough with the price as we will not get any other phones with same specification and features.
In One Words: Really Nice Phone. Easy to use. No worries for Internal memory storage 16 GB out of 12 GB for user. Ordered from FLIP Kart with a very good deal free 8 GB memory card, Samsung Bluetooth Hands-free, 10% cash back & extra 10% on CITI bank card. Received the phone in two days awesome delivery from FLIPKART.
Mobile is a nice for the price you pay. It is good enough for your day to day activities. I did not have any issues with the phone. I did not update to latest OS yet. I had my previous phone becoming slow after updating to 4.1, so left it as is right now. Overall Good. Flipkart: It was good service. placed order 3 times, got the products as expected. nice service
Just go for it... Its the best single sim phone in this price range. Got it from flipkart at 13880. Got the product after 4 days of ordering which is acceptable. PROS 1) Super amoled display: Only samsung phone with super amoled display in this range which is much better than display of Galaxy S Duos 2) Dual Core Processor. S duos only has a single core processor. 3) 768 MB of RAM. S Duos has 512 MB of RAM. 4) Single Sim.. which is better in case u have a justification for a dual sim phone. 5) Excellent for gaming. Have played temple run 2, NFS and many other high end games without any lag. 6) Plays full HD videos. Records HD videos as well. 7) Sound quality is also good. CONS: Didnt find any. Maybe single sim.. if anyone thinks so. AND most importantly, I want to clear the misinformation regarding the Jelly Bean Upgrade. JUST DO IT WITHOUT ANY DOUBT. After getting the phone, the first thing was to get it updated to Jelly Bean 4.1.2. It works absolutely fine. No lag at all. Get it done free of cost from the samsung service center. Just carry your Flipkart invoice. Hope this review will help u take a decision about this product.
Well if u are checking for a phone within 15K and above 10K nd u wish to have d best phone in ur hand for dis price range , no second thought !! Go for it !! well i wont talk abot pros and cons !! but something to tell u , i took d phone nd dis impressed to other friends of mine n FLIPKART :P U too impressd dem after d phone :P nd as far v 3 are concernd , dis is jus an awesome phone with all u need :D !! Lastly , i got dis phone in the month of May nd i got it wid 2.3 gingerbread , but now wen my friend got this in the month of JULY nd its now 4.1.2 :D so no worries of updating ur phone :D Just gooo fr it :D
I ordered this phone last friday from Flipkart and it arrived on Monday. I was surprised to see that it came with JB 4.1.2 out of the box. This is my first smartphone and as per my experience, the touch is very responsive, am able to play games like temple run 2 and minion run without any lag. Screen looks good. Camera is average. Battery lasts more than 12 hours (1 hour calling, 4 hours gaming, 1 hour browsing internet with wifi and 6 hours standby) which I guess is not bad. I feel that it is the perfect size and is surely worth the money. UPDATE: Facing network problems from day 7 onwards. I am unable to make outgoing calls or access mobile data network. Phone restart worked once but can't do it every few hours. Reducing the rating because this device failed in its primary function. UPDATE: I had returned my phone and had got a new piece. I used this piece for 16 months before it got stolen. It lagged a lot but it had great display, good audio, sturdiness and perfect size to hold single handed.
I am using this smartphone since 1 month.....its really a best mid range product from samsung. But when yesterday updated it to jb 4.1.2...it becomes too lagy,even hang for 5 minutes.....Then i reset it to factory setting....now its working fine. Touch UI is little bit slow...But OK Just buy it frnd...before it ended in indian market as samsung has already stopped its manufacturing...!!!!
got my order on time and about phone mobile is very good processing speed is also good ....on my opinion samsung mobiles are best than that of sony ........ sony phones have sound problems ..... nice phone
This is a great phone in this price range. Better, I feel, than the samsung galaxy s duos, which is priced at around Rs. 12000. However, the jellybean update for this phone does come with a few drawbacks: namely, a severe lag (at times) on games like subway surfers and temple run 2. In fact, I've had my phone, which I brought from flipkart and updated to jb through the samsung auth service center, hang so badly while playing subway surf that it was unresponsive for 10 minutes. However, this is not a problem always, and most apps run smoothly.
Good value for money. The best phone under 14k. Solid build, similar to galaxy s, but with additional LED flash and front facing camera and of-course better processor. Galaxy s was a global blockbuster few years ago. Great to see a upgraded phone. Display is awesome. No competition for the price range.
I already have a galaxy tab 2 and was not looking for something big.. Almost bought Karbonn S5.. N I am glad I didn't.. Samsung Galaxy S Advance it's just fabulous.. The 4 inch Amoled screen is just brilliant easy to operate with one hand.. Sound output is great.. It's upgradeable TO ANDROID 4.1.2.. The 5MP camera doesn't disappoint u.. The 1.3MP front cam is just what u need.. The build quality is great.. And the battery back is surprisingly great.. Overall this is a perfect midrange device..
Hey guys,i got this phone a month back.Battery needs to be used and drained 5-10 times before you know its true battery life which is 24hrs.(wifi constantly on). Pros:Great screen.I use it at minimum brightness at all times and seems perfect. Amazing os(jb) Good Speakers Very nice touch. 16Gb internal(more than enough) Dual core,1ghz Mali 400GPU cons:Camera not so great Accessories aren't as readily available as s duos Slippery to hold(Get a good case,after feeling how it is) For 13.5,its the best in samsung,htc,moto,sony.Only micromax or karbon will give you better specs,(with no after sale support)
Thanks to flipkart - I go to retail they told 15800/- , some said 14500/- .. From flipkart I purchased it 13500/- Best in budget.. Just apply update for JB. & get nice features.. every things is nice & better.. but little bit hang problem arise if we not manage memory in JB. I also want to say that.. dont buy costly phones.. then as u wish...!
I have used this phone more than 20 days and it's definitely worth the money.... i'm still using the gingerbread version waiting for official jellybean update for India. ram is a bit less...also unable to download games more than 600 mb. pic quality nice though auto-focus is bit slow ..battery okay..needs to be charged daily..screen awesome no super amoled in this price range..memory enough ..sound surprisingly loud. No NFC on this version ..not required though.. overall a value for money phone..
Nice experience with Samsung Galaxy s advance.. I am fully satisfied with this phone because of performance, model, camera and all. Also good handling by Courier peoples. Only one minus in this product is Cant able to Zoom the camera. Very fast shipment from Flipkart. Thanks team...
ITS nice BUT Price Is too MUCH... -_- I was confused whether to take Moto Atrix 2 or S advance.The reason why I went with S advance is that due to lack of proper support from Moto in India(Samsung are having a good time in India and are releasing phones even before US) and 16 GB internal memory. Build Quality: It is Usual Samsung design,may be all plasticky but very light weight,and there is not sufficient grip and little slippery on the sides(An case would solve this and of course you would definitely buy a case to protect your near 20000 bubble). Except the home button all physical buttons are having good tactile response and are placed well. Notice that 3.5mm audio jack is placed at the bottom of the handset and sometimes irritates when you are listening music you need to keep the phone in bottom up position and then if some notification comes up and when you take it out your pocket and you will be confused a little. Touch responsivenes: As expected from Samsung,delivers the goods. No connectivity issues with either network(didn't use 3G) or wifi. Display: At this price range,the best display you will get. But the sunlight visibility can be improved(even with full brightness,the display seems to be dim,typical of AMOLED display). Indoors zero brightness is enough. Sound: Forget that external speaker is there,the output is very low. The provided earphones are good,may not have bass,but clarity is nice. Performance: Android 2.3 runs without any issues.Have downloaded many apps but didn't lag at all,till the user accessible 512 MB RAM is full. I am not much into games,but i played Dead Trigger without any issues.It's GPU is same as the S2.I sided with S advance because the processor is latest compared to atrix 2 OMAP 4430 and Novathor architecture are very similar to Exynos.I am satisfied with the processor and the performance of the phone. pinch to zoom and double tap are working in the browser without any issues. MultiMedia: 11 GB is user Accessible,and it spoils you,It supports All most all codecs.Install MX player and you are good to go with even .WEBM format I didn't convert any videos and I directly copied them directly and plays all 720P without any hiccup,If any format is not supported use MX player SW decoder(H/W decoder saves your battery life). Watching Videos on this screen is a joy. Definitely it exceeded my expectations. Camera: good performance in sunlight. Meets the expectation There is no zoom functionality(Might be rectified with the next firmware update..Samsung how long will it take to update the phone to ICS,already Jelly Bean is out there) Battery: Don't Expect miracles here,It can last one and half day of moderate usage.On Sync continously in 2G,it was down to 30 to 35% from morning 8:00 to evening 8:00.I used 2x battery saver and it improved battery performance a lot. Misc: I didn't find any page in XDA for this device,and Still not popular in the modding community,Given the processor capability definitely modding will start for this phone). If your having a wifi connection download dropbox,and instant camera upload in dropbox is awesome. I didn't keep any memory card,it uses MTP to connect to the computer and don't rely on kies to load multimedia on to the phone,it is as usual CRAPPY.Just Drag and Drop. I would definitely recommend this product
A really nice phone at a very good price. good work by Flipkart,just delivered my phone in 2 working days.well done fk. Pros of S advance 1) The AMOLED Screen is the greatest advantage of this smartphone . Pictures, Videos and Games are very clear 2) 16 GB Internal Storage 3) Jellybean Update provides you with Camera ZOOM, Motion Sensor, Google Now, 4) 1 GHz Dual Core Processor provides Great Multitasking Performance ( 5) Mali 400 GPU provides the best gaming experience in smartphones 6) 5 MP Camera with LED Flash 7) 768 MB RAM 8) 4 inch Screen 9) Wifi, 3G and Bluetooth Connectivity is very smooth...
@guru, you can download the Polaris office in Samsung apps (search Polaris and and download it from there), I have Note N7000 and I too have downloaded the Polaris office from Samsung apps. This phone is really awesome at this price. Highly recommended.
First of all a big thanks to flipkart for its well known delivery service. I ordered this phone on evening of 10th May and unexpectedly i got the package on 11th noon. Now about the phone, like all other model it also has some pros and cons. You can count pros but you cannot count cons as in 14K how much you can expect. I have seen many people who is shouting for its cons, they must understand it is not Galaxy S2 or S3. I can say it is the best phone in its price range. After 1 week of its continuous use i can say: Super Amoled screen is the big plus for this phone. Design of the phone also makes it handy and cool. Front camera serve the purpose of video chat, not really good but yes it does your work. Back camera is good with flash and can take good pics. OS is gingerbread (GB) out of box, you can update with latest Jelly Bean(JB) which is available through Samsung KIES. But i'll advise not to upgrade to JB as it has some lagging issue. You can see reviews that after upgrade to JB phone starts lagging. GB is good enough for this phone with some restriction like camera zoom. Call quality is very clear and it also supports fair network. Sound quality is ok not bad, built in speakers also provide good quality of sound. Earphone comes with its package is really good. Battery backup is not a problem of this phone, this is present everywhere in Android. Though its battery last 16-18 hours with all kind of use. If you surf internet a lot and also play lot of games then i'll advise to carry a charger with you. For game lovers most of the games runs smooth in this phone. Memory expensive games like Temple Run run very smooth without any lags. I'll advise to clear your memory (RAM) before starting any game. This phone comes with Mali 400 GPU which is best in market and which comes in S3, NOTE 1 & 2. Overall if you want a mid budget smart phone then don't waste your time in looking reviews over the net. It can only distract you. I will suggest go for it you are not going to regret. Other brands like NOKIA, HTC, SONY will not provide you the same feature at 14K. One more thing don't compare this with other brands (so called brands) like Micromax and Carbon. Samsung Galaxy S Advance is really a value for money. Just grab it
Its official now, After JB update and factory reset the phone has become best in its range. The only cons is that RAM is 768 MB. Otherwise everything else is rocking , you just can't find any pone with such features in this price. I am using this phone from past 1.5 months and i did not find any problem with this phone. No n/w issues. few things observed after JB update: 1. Battery life has increased. 2. Camera has the zoom facility now which wasn't the case before JB update. You have to press volume +/- key on the side edge of the phone for zoom while using camera. 3. Bit increase in performance as well. If you guys haven't updated this phone to JB, do it now itself using kies air software from Samsung official website. It's pretty straight forward.
After using this phone for about a month with GB and then about 3 weeks with JB...I'm just loving it!!! a factory reset after the upgrade solves a lot of problems...i have about 220 MB ram free at all times...upgrade to JB(4.1.2) can be done through kies... upto 720p videos run flawless...gaming is too good on this...FIFA 12 runs smooth...Temple Run with negligible (if not zero) lags... only problem i faced was size of recorded video...it takes about 94 MB for a 1 minute video...apart from that...it's awesome!!
Got the phone from flipkart, gr8 service, delivered in less than 48 hours in Mumbai!!! About the phone lukzz, i loved the square'sh classic look from samsumg, better than the latest 1s that all luk the same & round edges, off course exclude S3 & S4.... Software: Android 4.1,JB is available, but many complains abt the phne gettg slower so i perfer waitng for a gud review b4 gng ahead, otherwse games apps videos music all vry gud quality for undr 15k. Enjoyg the expce of the mst undr-advertsd & un-common device.... go for it
All the features are amazing, but there is another thing which amazed me about this phone, it has great tensile strength, accidentally I dropped my phone on road and Indica went over the screen with front and rear tires were completely passed on my phone but no even a single scratch on screen, yes there were few in the back.....I thought my phone will be in pieces, but because of great strength ...I still enjoying my phone, which quite amazing...Thanks samsung and falikart..
This phone comes at a killer price and offers all the features one would expect from a mid range device. The display is really nice (super amoled) and the battery life is decent(roughly 24hrs with moderate internet use). mali 400 gpu is good and so is the dual core processor. The phone operates very smoothly. Furthermore this device can now be officially upgraded to jellybean (android 4.1.2) on samsung kies (you'll need to download the updated kies software on your computer from the samsung website and link your phone with the USB cable and then update as samsung doesn't provide over the air updates). The phone operates even smoother now after updating.
I received this phone about 10 days back. FLipkart took 8 days to deliver this product. I was switching over to android from windows mobile 6.5 and hence using android system is a great joy for me. 2 days back received Jeyy Bean update and since then the performance improved drmatically. As per me following are the Pros and Cons of this phone Pros 1) Responsive screen 2) good display and movie quality 3) good battery life (now running for more than 2 days after jelly bean update) 4) Earphone sound quality is great with N7 music player 5) Tried major games and they run without any lag (looks like 768 MB RAM helps) Cons 1) Average camera (jeyy bean update now has provided zoom functionality) 2) Speaker is not loud enough. I used MP3GAIN to increase sound volume and after that it is ok. 3) 3.5 mm jack should have been at top
I m very much pleased with this device.I took some time for writing this review because i didn't wanted to write my opinion as soon as i bought it. you should definitely upgrade it to jelly bean (((from here"http://www.android.gs/update-galaxy-s-advance-i9070-official-jelly-bean-4-1-2-xxlq4/"))), as soon as possible,coz there are features like 1. increase of ram size 2. when you take the cell to your ears with a contact on the screen it will go for a call(yep...it's true) the most amazing thing in this phone is it's high packed super amoled screen,you will love to touch it once more than u already did.
great phone....delivery in time...i haven't checked the phone completely but i am sure it would be good...from the 'research' i've done, i have found that it is a very good phone...thank you flipkart for the timely delivery within 2 days..
Jelly Bean 4.1.2 for this phone has been rolled out in India. Happy upgrading. I am happy that I had bought this phone. Even the Grand, which is much costlier, has a TFT whereas this phone has AMOLED Display. No other Samsung Phone in this range has an AMOLED Display.
I got robbed of my Samsung Galaxy SII a few months ago, so I wanted to buy SII again as I was used to it. But it went off the market and my budget was also less. And guess what I got a very similar phone for a much much lesser price!!
thanks to flipkart for speedy delivery... got this mobile sterday but i see its bit slow after loading media files it takes a while to open my files like DCIM,Downloads etc. pls help to solve this issue
I purchased Galaxy S Advance from flipkart. The phone is nice in configuration. But my handset got one defect from day first. Its 'Back' key located at bottom right is not working correctly. Sometimes it stops responding at all and sometimes it automatically triggers back command even without touching it. The major deficiency I can see in phone design is that its camera does not have zoom facility. After upgrading to Android Jelly Bean we can have a 2x zoom but Samsung has not yet provided official upgrade for this phone. It is still running on Android 2.3.6 Gingerbread.
Too gud phone with such features and with Brand name as Samsung. Being my first Android - Samsung I am quite happy with the performance .. it has nearly all the features available in today's other high end phone.. yes if you are gona ask for Multiple window, or 100 other Camera features, or HD games... its not but if you are a Normal phone user who has to take 20 - 30 calls a day, listening 5- 10 songs clicking 4-5 pics of your loved ones & playing games for 40 - 60 mins for peace of mind .... GO FOR IT...
I purchased this phone from flipkart on 2/3/13 and received it on 6/3/13. Thank you flipkart for the fast service. I have been using this phone for the past month or so and this phone has been perfect. Yes it is absolutely perfect especially, if you are a heavy gamer. Best Bits: 1. 4" Super Amoled display is crisp and clear. Absolutely no problem with that. the phone is very light just at 120g. 2. The 1Ghz dual core cortex processor is fast and zippy. I have seen no lags what soever during my use. The phone responds to every need of yours and one hardly sees a CPU consumption of >20% 3. Mali 400 GPU. The only reason I got this phone for. This graphic processor bundled with 1Ghz dual core gives you the best hands on gaming experience. I have actually played many HD games on this cell on believe me they work perfectly. Games that go in the range of 1-1.5Gb are easily handled by the phone in spite of the graphic power the game demand. 4. Memory . I had received a 16Gb card with this and 16Gb inbulit (11.31Gb actually) which combine give me 26Gb that is way too much !! Not so best bits: 1. If you have heard about the network problems about this phone then I assure you they are true. This network blanks out completely and that to at random. You might miss out on some important calls. However usually this remains only for a few minutes. This stuff happens rarely (once in 20 days) but continues 3-4 times once its started. 2. Camera is good during day light but not so much in low light. Its shabby in performance and has no zoom facility which annoys sometimes. 3. No update available in India as of yet. I am stuck with 2.3.6 4.Plastic back cover is not so pleasing, does not give you a 15k feel. I use a silicon cover which helps me get over this disadvantage. 5. Phone needs to be taken care of. Very delicate. It might break into pieces if it falls too badly. The phone offers everything one can get at 15k. Absolutely stunning phone at its price. I would suggest people to buy this one if you are a heavy gamer. Gaming capability is basically the stand out feature of this phone. If not you can go for other phones like HTC Desire x, Xperia sola,J,U, Micromax etc etc.
First of all....there are absolutely NO ISSUES regarding connectivity. I have seen lot of threads regarding the same but my personal experience is different. Calling, sms, 2G, WiFi all work fine. No lags..No drops. [Haven't tried 3G] So, if you're holding yourself back for this issue, do not fear. Pros: -Brilliant Super AMOLED display. Gives crisp and clear images. -Great sound quality.. bundled earphones are great! [You'll get white headphones even if handset is black!] -No network issues. -No lags...smooth performance. Thanks to Dual-Core Cortex CPU. -Superb touch response. -11 GB internal memory [Total 16GB out of which 11GB is user accessible] -Supports all video formats. -Decent camera with LED flash..and yes..front cam too!! -Confirmed JB update. Cons -Headphone jack is located at bottom. -Super smooth design..prone to slip. A case is must. Verdict: If you want good display and decent specs in 14500 INR, GO FOR THIS BEAST!!!! Hope it helps.....
Great phone under price point 15K... specially great for gifting it to your loveones.... 1gHz dual core, 768mb ram, Ginger bread upgradable to jelly bean, super amoled dispaly, 5mp cam with flash, front 1.3mp camera, HD recording, great viewing angles, 16gb internal memory.... which branded phone gives you these under 15K... Launched price was 24K now prices have slashed to >15K..... Great price point now... budget lover rush and go get it!!!!
I gave it 4. Pros Good phone excellent quality Nice looks, Good large screen, HD is good, Camera is good too, 16 GB internal space (more than enough) 90% of the people don't have more than 4 GB SD card in their phones. However the only disturbing factor is, ZOOM is not available for camera :)) surprising. What the manufacturer thought while creating this phone. Overall experience is excellent, I studied alot before buying this phone and was not able to find a better option in this price tag. Though this is not the forum for suggesting people on what too buy...However just consider size of the phone too Bigger than this phone is not a good idea, carrying a big phone is a trouble...Unless you carry a ladies large handbag... :) Happy Telephony.
I bought this phone yesterday from the market at 14,300.. Works like a charm, feels steady and distinct from S3 lookalikes :) It will surely be upgraded to JB sooner rather than later as recently confirmed by Sammobile.. The Camera Zoom FX app negates the absence of zoom in the resident camera effortlessly... @Rishav: I enquired in Samsung showrooms also and they quoted 16000 since the price of this phone has been slashed.. However, some Samsung showroom owners are adamant on milking the cow as much as they can and are still quoting the old price..
this phone is now officially up-gradable to Jelly bean 4.1. SAMSUNG promised to update it 4.2 JB for gamers its a delight because of its GPU = Mali400m Super AMOLED display which consumes less battery and produce sharp images better then HTC desire X in hardware specs
People looking out for a mid range VFM product can just close their eyes and go for this phone. I bought it a few days back and was confused between Micromax A 116 and S Advance.... Went to a nearby retail store and found 5 inch a lil bulky for me, and this 4 incher was quite comfortable to hold. S advance has gr8 features of a high end phone and its price has come down may b coz of Grand, which i seriously feel is highly priced. one thing that disappointed me was the 16 gb internal storage, i thout the 11 gb user available memory can be accessed for apps and games as well but only later on i came to know that only 2gb of the available 11 can be used to store games and apps and the balance is for multimedia like pics, music etc.............. I had to compromise on this as no other phone offered me more than 2 gb for apps at this price tag All other functions like the call clarity, display, touch response, music output, camera is quite cool alongwith the sufficient RAM on the device Just go for it!!!!!!!!!!
this is the best phone under 15 k.there are no reasons not to buy it but there are reasons to buy it super amoloed screen ( just like screen of s3) 4.0 inches screen (perfect size for a phone screen ,screen of 5.5 inch like grand is not so good to be a phone screen) 16 gb internal memory (awesome,just like s3) mali400 (big reason for good graphics is better than grand) 768 mb ram 1ghz processor dual core( very good than others like s duos ,ace plus) 1.3 mp front cam & 5mp rear cam with falsh with 720p hd video recording(awesome & better than s duos or any other ) overall this phone is now just gonna to rock at this price of 14500 it is a thousand times better than grand,s duos or any other. if you want to buy a phone like grand or a phone under 15000 so dont go at grand or others dont think just buy this .this deal will never come again flipkart is giving this phone at a very low price than market
HI, You can check the price of this device is around 14-15 in market with warranty. I puchased the device yesterday @ 14500/- from chandiagrh. Look.. its best mobile in 15k if You are not concerned about 1. the version of android. (currently 2.3) 2. Old designed 3. No zoom IF above three points hardly bothers u then go for it.. you'll love it for : - flawless performance - nice camera even in night - good loud speaker - screen : pretty clear - 4" screen good to carry around - within 15k : no extra burden to pocket. And if anybody has any concern about this phone. he/she can just ask here .. All queries will be taken care of. -- RAM it shows as ~250MB used out of 555MB -- 555MB is user usable out of 768MB -- You need to click 'clear memory' in task manager to play Temple Run 2 smoothly though temple run plays smoothly . no issues.. Regards, Atul Sharma
when i bought this phn it was 18.5k to own this 15.5k is an extra treat frm Samsung.... I have flashed this with Jelly Bean of Russian Firmware .. It seems to lag a bit which is a problem of the firmware being buggy and not of phone. GB Ram was 555MB.. JB Ram became 625MB guys...go blind...buy it ....enjoy.... i hav no issues with this awesm product....
Yeah nw dats something we all want , android os in a powerful yet affordable machine like dis 1. For dose who cant afford s2, its a perfect replacement. I got dis 4 days back nd a lot mor den juzz happy. Every HD games run well, i currently have The dak knight rises, Six Guns, Asphalt 7 nd 6, Modern Combat 3, The amazing spiderman, Assasins creed .. Videos nd music run fabulous. Dont think much juzz grab dis punkass..
The best phone under 20K with the features and an amazing battery life that lets you ask for more. Without Rooting, I easily get 24 hours of which 70% is talktime. Im not much into games but temple run 2 plays well. The AMOLED display is great and am pleased I decided on this phone. The videos are brilliant and thanks to the display, even crappy videos look great. The BT consumes battery especially if connected to the car for more than 12 hours and that is the only negative for an otherwise brilliant phone.
Good value for money Pros: 1. 16GB internal memory 2. Super Secondary Camera 3. Gaming is Awesome 4. Decent Music with 5.1 5. Super AMOLED Display Cons 1. Call drop problem 2. No Jelly bean update still now
Good phone for under 20K for Android lovers. Been using it for a month. I will merely point out the shortcomings as everyone knows the PROS. • Lack of Zoom in Camera (Hopefully, the JB Update will resolve it) • Minor Lags in the OS and Gaming (Wonder why despite being Dual-Core) • 3.5 Jack at the bottom (major inconvenience) • Battery merely pulls through a day with light/moderate use) • Network drops after every call in Dual Mode (Works fine with GSM only Mode) • 2.3 Gingerbread (No conclusive date when the upgrade to Jelly Bean is due!!) • Sound on speakers/headphones not impressive. If you can live with these minor niggles...its a great phone!!
close ur eyes and close ur ears for negative comments just go for it .iam using it for last one month. very stylish looking and stunning performence equal to galaxy s 2 battery performence is also very good waiting for gelly bean
In the Box: Smartphone (++), Charger (lengthy cord ++), Data Cable, User Manual, Headset (Plug Type --, great quality with multiple sizes of earbuds ++) Hardware: 1. Has got all types of sensors like Light, Accelerometer, Proximity Sensor, Compass, etc 2. Phone is very light but does not feel cheap, it’s very rich 3. Physical buttons are Power and Volume Rockers only 4. 5MP Primary camera takes decent pictures in good light condition, at low light conditions the pictures are a little dull. 720p recording is great 5. Secondary camera is great for video calling or Skype 6. Speaker is not the best but great enough for listening and when someone calls 7. Looks is to die for (this is personal but overall it’s a great device) 8. Dual Core 1 GHz processor for smooth operation 9. Headset is AWESOME. Please remember to turn on the equalizer for great effects. 10. AMOLED Display is an eye catcher 11. Battery of 1500mAH is decent. On 3G, I get about 10-11 Hrs. On 2G, about 12-14 Hrs. Software: Android version 2.3.6 is available, which is a little old although this device can handle ICS or Jelly Bean without issues, waiting for the update It has been a great experience owning this phone. Call quality is flawless. 1080p/720p videos play flawlessly. Video recording is great. Audio quality from the stock headset is amazing as soon as you use the equalizer in the software. I have done some intensive gaming without any lag. Built in Task Manager ensures unnecessary task are closed down. 3G works great without any issues. Wifi and Bluetooth have also no issues. Google maps with navigation are handy. Built-In app called “Voice Command”works flawlessly, you call the name and it makes the call. You can also text with it. Both Google App Store (Play Store) and Samsung Appstore is accessible. Built in Office suite is also available from Polaris Office. For whom?? This phone could be a great phone for business or leisure purpose. If you are a business audience or your needs are gaming/music/videos/internet, and don’t want to spent the 30k+ towards Apple 4/4S or similarly priced products, this phone will satisfy you more than enough. Wishlist?? I only wish there was a LED indicator to show new mails/messages etc.
I bought samusung galaxy s advance before a weak...i satisfy with its features and all its facility and flexibility....in this range it is best smart phone ever... Memory: its 16 g.b. inbuilt memory no another company gives u 16 g.b in this range u can use 2 gb for apps and another 4 ur purpose... u can see sony or htc its gives u 8 or 4 gb internal in this range. and this mobile has also external memory card slot expandable upto 32 g.b. so here is enogh storage memory. Processer:_ 1 ghz dual core processer is much enogh.... 768 mb ram is good .. u can run any games and apps very easily and without any abstract... screen and resolusion:_ It has wide screen... it has amoled screen which has higher clearity ... in day time u have no prob. to see ... hare upto 720p resolution u can enjoy hd video and movies ... camera:- 5 MP camera and led flash is enogh... it has good quality photos and hd recording... it has no zooming facility .... 1.3 MP secodary camera is enogh 4 video calling.. Sound :- its has loud sound and good handsfree .... in htc u can get bits audio but samsung sound quality is enogh to enjoy songs and movies..... battery:- battery life is very good..... os: Android v2.3 (Gingerbread) OS is not set that types of smartphone when icecreamsanwich and jellybelly already out... bt we can upgrade it.... connectivity:- there are not connectivity issue ...we easiy use 2g 3g and wifi.... sharing:- we can also share file and audio video throgh wi-fi its has great speed than bluetooth.. in short is has sexy look, good clearity of sound and display,good sensors and touch,and camera.............. If u want to buy mobile entertainment,camera and internet surfing purpose in this price range samsung s advance is best smartphone .......
Recently bought this phone for my wife. Best phone in 18999/- from Flipkart, It got delivered in less than 36hrs...gr8 going flipkart. Except sound quality everything about this phone is amazing, Been upgraded to 4.1, and made it more awesome. 16GB internal memory is a ++. usable is 11GB still good enough.
Its a great phone in this price range. It even beats Sony Xperia P. It has almost same conf as of Sony Xperia P other than camera. but a 5 MP camera of samsung would be same as of 8 MP of other brands. I am using it for around two weeks. Pros: 1) 4 inch Super AMOLED display. Good resolution. 2) Very elegant style. 3) 1 GHz Dual core with 768 MB RAM gives smooth processing. 4) 5 MP & 1.3MP camera with good quality pics. 5) 1500 mAh battery. Very good battery life. 6) Touch friendly. No lag. Pretty responsive. 7) Online movies can be watched non stop. 8) Speaker Sound is good. 9) 11 GB internal storage with extendable option. 10) OS does not hang. Played few games like Temple Run. All this in 19 K. Yes, it has few cons. Cons: 1) No Android 4 2) No Camera Zoom function. Tough i found an app to zoom but have to work on it. NOTE: There is a Feature and not a complain over android phone which many ppl faced. If you see that after a call, your Network is dropping and after some time it is coming back, then do the following and that issue will get solve. Settings-->Wireless & Network--> Mobile Network--> Network Mode--> GSM only*
This is a great phone to have ...If you are a gaming addict and also who like to multitask. Gaming - Handles mostly all HD games without any problem. Multitasking - you can Run 3+ apps without any lags Screen - Really smooth handles multi touch 10+fingers :D Benchmarks - Much better than Atrix 2 or any other phone in the price range. Speaker - Great to listen clean music and voice. Cons - Camera - Camera might be the only drawback a 5MP camera but tends to over-expose the photo in lights. It is getting a Jelly Bean update in this january official announced by Samsung.
I was a bit confused about buying this phone though it met my criteria fully as my friends were telling me that it is being phased out. But finally I went with my heart and bought it....and am I satisfied??...Can't be more satisfied...The phone works so smoothly even while I juggle different apps at the time..no lag whatsoever....The display is damn good..Gaming is superb..any negatives...the os is gingerbread..not ics or jb...dats the only con 4 me....if u r thinking of buying s duos..spend 2k more n buy this...its much better...
I got this mobile in june 2013 after reviewing it for a week with its pros and cons. I bought it within 2 days after it was released in Chennai from a direct dealer. 1. Screen quality is damn good in this price. It has got SUPER AMOLED better than LED display. 2. Speaker is not that much but we can hear the voice outside when you have switched not Loudspeaker. 3. It has dual camera for the video calling which in India is not possible with packet data, only with fast WiFi on both mobiles its possible. Rear Camera has no zoom but has autofocus. Front Camera is 1.3 MP, which is good for self recording. Rear camera has LED Flash also. 4. Default Samsung launcher is not good when compared to Sony and Go launcher and Launcher 7. U need to download any of the launchers from play store. 5. The notifications is better when compared to others where we can switch to WiFi, GPS, Silent Mode, Auto Rotation. Also Bluetooth which should be made visible only then files can transferred. 6. Inbuilt Memory is quite large i.e. 1.97 gb approx. that is good news. Internal storage is 16gb where 11.31gb is only usuable by buyer. we can also insert memory card upto 32 gb. 7. Heating is a not a matter while charging. Only when heavy apps are used while heats the mobile to 40 degrees. if not no problem regarding heating. 8. OS is 2.3.6 (gingerbread), not ICS nor Jelly Bean which is disappointing to me. 9. Coming to Battery, its 1500 mAh Samsung battery, which stands for 8 hours when using packet data 3g network continuously. Overall its good mobile to buy within 20000. But when i bought it was 23k.
Hi all , i bought Galaxy S Advance 3 month ago. This mobile is looking soo good with its stunning slim look. The functionality is also fast with 768MB RAM, 1GHz processor(dual core). Touch controls are very nice and the display is superb.Sound clarity is pretty well. This is a preferable mobile to buy. Anyhow, one disappointed thing is the OS this comes with 2.3(gingerbread) instead ICS or JB. Anyhow samsung has told that there will JB update soon. I really satisfied with this smart phone. Giving 5 stars. Thanks to Samsung :-)
This is the perfect phone. The features are superb. 1 GHz processor and 555 MB(actual) RAM makes the phone very fast. The touch is mind blowing. The response is great. The phone hardly ever hangs. Its very good at multitasking. The phone is pretty light in weight. I bought this phone on 3rd June and I haven't really had a problem with this beautiful phone. If you are a careless person and your phone keeps on falling again and again, then trust me this phone is the one for you. It has fallen from a height of 3 meters or so and still didn't get a scratch. For those who think that this phone has Android v2.3, just have some patience, The Jelly been update is on the charts and it will be available very soon. The camera quality is great. I love to video chat with this phone. The battery back up is also great. The internet is mind-blowing. Its very fast. I use a 3G network and the response is simply great. The brightness is pretty great. The best thing is its design. It is very beautiful. It is sleek and then it has a curve at the bottom which is perfect is you have to text with only one hand. I suggest if you have a budget of 16k then try to put in some more money and go for this one and if you have a budget of 22k then save some money and buy this one.
This is the best phone available out there at this price.period.The phone is snappy and the screen looks great.The 5mp camera takes great outdoor pics and indoor pics look good too under normal light.Games look really good and are smooth.HD videos play smooth too.Samsung has announced jellybean update for this phone.So this is a definite buy at this point and a beetter buy over the s2 considering the price difference.
I had got the S Advance in June, have been using it for the past five months and its awesome. Samsung are relasing updates with many fixes and the phone is much more smooth now. After the price drops it's the best under 20k phone. Please don't compare Xperia phones with this one cause avg battery life of Xperia phones don't even come close to what the S Advance offers. Whole phone is very smooth only issue i had was camera does not have ZOOM LOL! Hopefully the Jelly Bean update fixes that.
Yesterday I got the phone in my hand.. feeling very good.. As always Flipkart service is superb.. Met more than my expectations... So happy to have this superb phone in this price tag (19k). If you wanna buy higher-end Mid range phone, go for it.. Worth for every penny..
I got this phone delivered through Flipkart. The phone is awesome. Positive - 1) 16GB internal Memmory more than sufficinet. I have tranferred about 180 songs plus few videos and still the the Memory has not moved much. 2) Camera resolution is very good 3) Easy to operate 4) Sleek 5) Clarity of display Negatives - 1) Battery drains very quickly. With average use, it needs daily charging 2) No zoom in camera 3) Sound quality not very impressive. 4) Kies air refuses to connect and the url does not load on the PC. 5) Too many services keep running in the background reducing the available RAM. Overall a decent phone in the price range. But seems like Samsung has stopped its circulation in open market as it was hampering the sale of other phones with similar features but priced on a higher end (as told by mobile reliler)
Bought this phone from Flipkart, overall a nice phone. The only problem i see is the old Android OS. There is no planned upgrade to ICS for this phone. Delivery time stated by flipkart was 6-8 days, but i guess it took around 10-12 days. Still i am satisfied with the phone and Flipkart service.
i used this mobile from last 1 month and work very smoothly.no any network problem.superb cliarity and super phone.i buy from sulekha.com and received in one week.i suggest to buy this phone without any hasitate.all game and app work very smooth,i use official docomo 3G in it, very fast speed gain.
Every time I look at my Samsung Galaxy S Advance, I say WOW! This is my 7th day with this beauty.It is an amazing Dual Core Phone with great design. Enjoy the gaming experience that comes on a 4inch screen. The Mali 400 GPU plays mostof the games available. 16 GB harddisk is more than sufficient; unless you use your mobile like a Computer. I am not much of an internet user.So battery lasts for 2 days which is quite good for an android device.If your budget is around 20,000, this is the PHONE for you. Samsung will release Jelly Bean 4.1 update in November. What more can one ask for? Flipkart service is commendable as always...
Unfortunately I purchased this at 22k from retail store and now within two months it is available 3k less than the same..!! Its worthy of the price though and is smooth in functioning, super amoled display making it much more attractive than any HTC or Sony Ericson mobile. After using this device below are the pros and cons: Pros: 1) Camera front end and back end both are cool. 2) Display and body weight too good. 3) Dual-Qore 1GHz CPU allows for smooth functioning of device. 4) Inbuilt ROM 2 GB, Inbuilt memory 16GB, RAM 768 MB, microsd upto 32 GB. Serious Cons: 1) No ZOOM in camera, anyhow I prefer Digi cam for this. 2) No ICS update till date 3) Music sound quality pretty flat, will irritate bass lovers migrating from Nokia Music phones to this device (Third party application will like power amp will fulfill this to 75 % though after lot fine tuning) 4) Cheap quality headphones given in box with the device, atleast would have given better accessories. Overall pretty good deal in the price available on flipkart in comparison to other device availble in market in respect to display and configuration.
I can see the rating for this phone is not really encouraging but that are more of the time when it's price was 24k. Now in 19.5K you won't find a better deal. I saw Motorola Atrix as well but price was pretty high, front cam is VGA, 8GB internal memory. With the same processor Galaxy S adv gives you Super Amoled screen, 1.3 front cam, 16 GB internal memory. Its nice sleek design is very attractive. Altogether now in this price its more than worth buying.. Have been using for a month with loads of heavy games, no issues so far!! Go ahead!!
The reviews of all the people till yet were only because of the price of 24k, now since the price is now only 19.5k i think it would be a great phone to buy. The only con that this phone faces is the ICS update that it lacks. Jellybean is out and even ICS will be outdated within a few months, as per the trends so far, there will be much improvement in jellybean, so if the Samsung people, now having lost the battle against apple, end up not providing this phone with at least the ICS i will not be surprised. Thus, Samsung leaves you only one option, that is to root the phone for which this phone is amply ready, but on one matter it voids your warranty. The specs are definitely equal and above any other phone in competition and it packs a front cam which sadly no HTC phone does in this price segment, at least not to this date.
I had been eyeing this phone for a long time for my mrs. The phone is fantastic in terms of size, battery, screen, processor etc. There are few 4" devices in market today. most are 3.5-3.7" or 4.3"+. Thanks to FK for such amazing delivery. I ordered by phone on Monday evening 16:2) and it was delivered to me Wednesday (today) an hr ago. I wont go and post the pros and cons all over again as they are there already by several users. I know many had issues regarding the price to spec ratio. But now at 19.5k this is a superb buy. It has the cleanest possible design a phone can get. just the required buttons and all jacks at the bottom.
I think this is an excellent addition to galaxy series.The design is excellent as its weigh just only 120g.And this phone has got great reviews from authentic sites like gsmarena,phonearena etc..there is hardly anything that seperate this phone from s2 interms of performane.Only problem is the uncirinity regarding ICS update.But i do hope this phone will get ICS as this is a direct replacement to the galaxy R which was there in samsung's update list. Regarding the pricing i dont believe this will be available for 20k as S plus is now available for 19.5k.Flipkart here has listed the 16gb version.We can save atleast 1000 if we go for the 8gb version. Regards.
REALLY NO ONE THINKS ABOUT GOOD SPECS WHEN THERE IS UNMATCHABLE PRICE... WAS WAITING FROM LAST 2 MONTHS, NOW I DONT THINK I WILL PURCHASE THIS WE KNOW SONY HAS GREAT PHONE TO REVEAL IN FEW DAYS THATS XPERIA P WHICH I THINK IS IN SAME PRICE RANGE AND IS BETTER ! EVEN XPERIA SOLA IS GREAT TO ITS PRICE TAG ONLY LACKS FRONT FACING CAM AND A BIG BATTERY !!!
I bought this mobile from flipkart and later on i updated this model to official jelly bean.Now phone is freezeing up like hell i am not able to use and even there is echo comes from speaker...so plz dont buy this phone
Please do not buy this product. Samsung is selling faulty phone then repairing it. It has below problem 1. Network Issue 2. Battery gets empty real fast 2. GPS problem I am the victim please don't buy this product. I am fighting with samsung to get the refund.
Sumsung authorized service centre people only doing the upgradation of the OS to jelly bean free of cost if it is under warranty period and they are accepting the flipkart online shopping bill as the proof
31/5/13 - This is gonna be my first smartphone and after serious thought, I zeroed in for this model. I ordered this phone today with COD option. The points which made me go for this model are 1. My need is a smartphone not more than 4.3 inches, not heavy, with most of the options you get in a smartphone. 2. My budget was around 15K but was willing to extend upto 18K if required. 3. Initially i was attracted towards Lumia 620/720 but then did some analysis and some handling in a nearby store and felt android gives more options and its very customisable. Hence decided against WP8. 4. With Samsung, the possible options are S advance, Grand quattro and Grand. The latter is a strict no since its huge (for my taste) and quattro doesnt have good reviews and big. But i felt the screen was great, not sure why people are complaining abt it. 5. S advance, though has a older version and not as attractive, i decided to go for it since there is an option to upgrade now. And personally i disliked the rounded edges look (like in all the new models). But i really liked the S2, but its outside my budget and also we dont get those pieces now in market. Will keep updating this review.
useless phone...it only do one task...HANGS. any far cheaper phones have better performance than this. cant believe it can hang on basic operations like calling & clicking pic.
This phone is so damn slow! I totally regret buying this phone. It cant even run temple run game properly!! Every app is so slow and really checks out the patience level of the user.. I strongly recommend you to NOT buy this phone!
I have faced issues with Flipkart's delivery on some orders. But not with this one. I got it delivered a day before the due date. Good delivery and Handling by Flipkart. Coming to Galaxy S advance. Had been using this for 4 months now. I was using a Sony Xperia Mini Pro, and it served me well for 1yr and 8 months. Suddenly the display went off. Display replacement was as costly as a new mobile, My budget was not more than 14K. Went for this mobile as it had 4 inch AMOLED screen, 1Ghz Dual Core, built in 16GB memory, 768MB of ram and came around 13.5k. Samsung offered upgrade to 4.1.2 After having used this for 4 months my review is - don't go for it. I was on Android 2.3, known for its poor batt performance and mem util, my mobile was slow and hence I upgraded to 4.1.2 offered by Samsung. Screen - Its the only good thing about this phone 4 inches is big enough yet handy. The display under sunlight is good. The AMOLED is bright and doesnt consume much battery. Rate it 4/5 on this front. Internet Connectivity - Wifi connectivity and range are decent, wont say great. But is bad on the 2G/3G front, whenever your signal coverage changes from 4 point to 3 points they disconnect and often they get disconnected without any reason, a real pain. Rate it 2/5 on this front. Performance - I thought 1 Ghz Dual core and 768 mb RAM would provide enough smoothness for running this mobile. I was wrong. With Samsung preloaded apps, all restarting on system start up. I even used a Android system manager to kill these apps on start up, free memory etc. But in reality, it cant handle Facebook and Whatsapp together smoothly, if you open a third app, it will go real slow. I tried a lot of memory killing etc. But nothing works. Sometimes I might get a call, the memory is so full, I wont even get the display, and sometimes the number of the incoming call comes, without the name of the person already on my contacts. It might populate some times. Phone reboots often. I would rate it 0/5 Camera - 5MP on the back and 1.3 MP on the front is good. Images are clear on sunlight and sucks in fluorescent lighting. The poor memory management kills the pros of the camera. Would rate the camera 3/5 Music/Video - Sucks big time. After using Sony for more than a year, i really felt the music on this mobile is real bad. The speaker, you can forget one exists, has low output. The ear phone provided by the manufacturer, the mike wouldnt work in just a month's usage. The earphone output quality is also bad. And cannot be used inside a helmet, its design hurts your ears. The default player provided with the device are bad for running music or video. Rating 1/5 Texting/Calling - Not user friendly, but the call log has a swipe Call/messaging facility which is nice. While texting, smileys are hidden under menu option n its difficult to use. Slow in switching between horizontal/vertical screen. Rating 2/5 Playing Games- Kill every other process like FB/Whatsapp. Then you might play temple runner 1. Temple Runner 2 hangs. Games that consume a lot of memory hangs the mobile. Rating 2/5 Verdict - Dont go for this mobile, though it looks attractive considering what samsung offers. The Interface provided by Samsung is quite local and the UI in some places it looks like a 'Korean' set ( if you understand what i mean), even my friends using S3 & S4 complain about the poor UI. Samsung doesn't give much emphasis to Multimedia as well, the audio player is not that great if you had used Sony's or Apple's. If you are looking for a mobile phone that would just look good on the papers with regard to tech specifications you can go for Samsung. They have a model for every price range. If you want a mobile that would not let you down, for basic features like, Calling, Messaging, Music and to use it for the Internet, Whatsapp, Gaming and FB. Go for Apple or Sony.
Ordered this mobile on 23rd and Flipkart Delivered on 24th.. Using this device for two days now. Overall very satisfied with Samsung Galaxy S Advance. Only "Branded" phone with "Super Amoled" screen under 13K. Touch is very responsive. Battery is also fine used continuously 5-6 hours with Wifi . consumer 40% battery. Came pre-loaded with Android 4.1,2 (JB) . Slight lag (2-3 sec) opening the apps but once loaded apps run smooth. Camera quality is OK.. Still images has noise in low light. Videos recording is good. Phone looks are quite decent compare to Samsung Galaxy family (plasticy finish). Phone is slight costly on flikart (online best price is 11900). Overall this might not be Best phone in Market. But has almost all the features what you can ask in a smart phone. Quite satisfied with the purchase. Flipkart Keep up the good work !!!!
this samsung android phone is just having optimum configuration which can deliver good performance Screen is not as big as other android gaint but feels nice, as screen is not too big Easy operation with one hand Jelly bean upgrade available over Samsung KIES and official firmware can also be downloaded from Sammobile.com (need to use ODIN) Battery backup is nice Using around 1 month and satisfied with this phone Con- You need to get micro sd card as inbuilt memory is not enough If you do not want to compromise with SD card performance go with class 10 card bit costly you can also manage with class 6 card of samsung (Samsung sd card is best in the market) Not having corning gorrilla glass(Do not expect in amy mid range phone)
Lack of RAM, others aspects are superb,good camera, superb screen Battery could have been better, but easily lasts one day, so no gripes here Internal storage limited to around 2gb for apps, will have to root the phone to increase the partition size Volume levels are not very high, both in speaker and earphone....... might have difficulty in running sennheiser ear cups. Launch this cell with 2GB RAM and more storage for apps with 2000 mah battery, with other aspects being the same....... price it around 14k it will definately sell like hot cakes.
I am using this phone for last 5 days and have been comparing it with my friends mobile. (+ve) 1) It is a good to use, screen is big enough for message freely 2) Enough space to download apps 3) Can be upgraded to Jellybeans 4.1.2 4) It is as good as galaxy s2 (-ve) 1) Battery is not good which brings down the awesome phone rating. I don't' expect it to be good as it is smart phone however the battery performance is below average. 2) Hard to find the flip cover for this. If you do play games, do spend time on internet and other work this phone can do all those things just like those expensive phones can just carry your charger coz the battery drains as quick as possible.
Even though at this price range, its a nice phone,but my friend had recently bought this phone nd he is facing problems!! Within a day or two,his phone started heating up,and showed various other problems lyk automatic shutdown,even the jellybean update had some serious problem.he went to the customer care,being a samsung care outlet,people didnt attend to his problem properly,saying that this phone's manufacturing has been stopped,so they dont have any new ones,to replace this one,and the 7 day replacement scheme wont be valid for this model!! (if your phone malfunctions within 7days of buying it,the company has a policy that it would replace it with a new one.) Dey said,the motherboard is faulty and would replace it,but even after dey did,d problems persisted... Now hes thinking to sell this,and buy a new phone... So,please,think before u buy this phone,try samsung s duos instead,or go wid sony...
Firstly, I would like to thank flipkart for their excellent service. The courier was delivered on time and the packaging was good..Now coming to the phone I had budget of 15K. After going through the specifications and then the reviews of all the phones available within the budget..I decided to buy galaxy s advance Pros: 1. The phone fits perfectly into your hands and pockets..Its neither large nor small..jus perfect 2. The build quality is good 3. 5 mp camera with flash is great..gives good picture clarity and resolution..Front cam is 1.3 mp 4. The battery lasts for 2 days if you do not use internet..With internet and games it will last for a day 5. Although its software is gingerbread..Its working great for me..I do not need an upgrade as of now..Jelly bean needs more space which slows down the phone 6. Call clarity is good and crystal clear 7. Downloaded angry birds, f18 carrier landing, reckless moto and subway surfers..All working fine.. No hang ups. 8. Internet speed is fast..although it depends on the service provider..it uploads quickly Cons 1. Speakers are not great..You cannot listen to songs on the speaker..the sound is low.. even if you customize and increase the parameters the sound quality remains low.. But the sound quality is good when you use earphones. I had a nokia 6233 and it had awesome speakers.. 2. The screen takes time to shift, atleast 5 secs which is slow 3. Internal memory is only 768 mb..it sufficient for me..But for heavy gamers mit need more space Overall: A great buy..worth the money
guys the lg optimus l9 is lot much better compared to the galaxy s advance........ LG Optimus L9 sports a 4.7 inch IPS capacitive touch screen which runs on Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich and is powered by 1GHz Dual Core processor, PowerVR SGX540 GPU and 1GB DDR2 RAM. It has a rich display that provides an enhanced HD viewing experience with its bright screen.
We may not get android update to 4.1 in near future which is the main draw back to this phone and i am facing connectivity issues with this phone .....Please wait for some more days ,the price of Samsung Galaxy S Advance i9070 will come to 11 k
Phone is packed with best features in a lower price like dual core processor, super amoled display. But face problems like you can not zoom to click a photo, makes camera useless. Video quality is very good but same zoom issue irritates. No current support for ICS/Jelly Bean can be a major drawbacks. Music is not samsung's cup of tea, so no need to write about that.. Overall a good phone if u are ok with average camera n music.
Although it has mali 400, but it does not play full hd 1080p video. I try to play 1920×1080 mp4 and 1920×1080 avi video, but only sound play with black screen. Camera without zoom. . . . .
Even i too(same as below reviewer) was warned by many ShopKeeper's ,Retailer's & Branded showroom's NOT BUY THIS MOBILE as Sumsung had stopped manufacturing this mobile in India(Will be shut downed or they will change version number and release it with Jelly Bean with some price increase). ************** So Guy please think twice before you go for this mobile.............(Don't get fooled by samsung.........)
Although the specs for this phone are good for this price segment and this phone does have durability, it looks soo DUMB! A smartphone is something that we use everyday and almost all the time. I dont know about everyone else, but i wouldn't bare to look at something so cheap and dumb in looks all the time. I hate Samsungs's designing... Right from Galaxy Y to S4, everything's the same! Ugh....
no words to say. just released optimus L9 beats this in many aspects. just look at the design of l9. galaxy advance ... no where near it. instead of wasting a lot in marketing samsung try a bit more to give better device at "cheap" price.
I wanted to buy a phone which was value for money and had several in mind including this phone ,Motorola Atrix , HTC..Lg L7.I kept on reading reviews ante mortem and post mortem of phones, I found that there is nothing like a perfect phone, people have complaints with Galaxy S 3 as well. The only inhibition was many people have pointed out the network issue,yes it is there you don't see the signal bar all are grayed some time, but when you actually make a call from or to the phone it works fine so what is the issue? Nothing follow your heart buy this if you want to and for reviews every one has the right to say.there is nothing like a complete man so why ask for a complete phone, yes its speaker is not loud but come on is that a deal breaker??? To all those reading reviews stop reading start buying and remember only a disgruntled customer wites a satisfied one would do it seldom.I write this so that people are not misled into believing this has a serious Flaw.Buy it it is as good as it gets.
Great Phone..Superb performance and battery life I had purchased this phone and i am really amazed by the battery life and performance of this phone. OS and GUI are really fast and responsive, thanks to dual core processor(really a differentiating factor with other phones). People who are bothered about Android version, i heard that very soon, JB(Jellybean) version of Android will be available for upgrade which is enhanced version of android ICS. On the price front, i feel that the kind of features and processor(dual core) it is worth of price.
Guys... I got this phone not from Flipcart in Oct 2012. The phone is good as per display or Samsung UI.. I have all three Temple run 1, 2 and Brave as well. But none of them run smoothly on this phone because of RAM which is said to be 768 MB but actually it is 555 MB, It means this phone has only 512+43 MB RAM.. Moreover regarding the JB update, I wrote to SAMSUNG and they clearly wrote back that NO Jelly Bean has been planned for this. Here I conclude that the phone is not really worth the price...( Because you can get any Ginger bread OS phone with 512 MB below 10 K .. So careful guy before buying....
pls flipkart gave some offer like 5% off on this model i want to buy it very good phone first off all A. 1.3MP front camera - Very good in fact for a Phone of the class B. 5.0MP Rear Camera - As expected from a Midrange device - But a pretty decent one C. 16GB RAM - Again Very good for a Device of its class. D. A web browser with Flash Divx and all other codec Support - Excellent E. Super AMOLED Display - Not really a good One - Should have been Super AMOLED Plus - But Acceptable F. Android Ginger Bread - Definitely should have been ICS out of the box Or atleast an assurance - when. G. 1500Mah Battery - Pretty average with one full day usage expected. Will have to wait for the user experience for it. I. 4" Display - Pretty Cool and Single handed use - But a 4" display screen Phone should have a size with length less than or equal to 120mm to meet the purpose. 123mm it little big. J. Build quality - Not pretty impressive with Hard Plastics. High time for samsung to be innovative of the design. The back cover is extremely thin plastic which at times feels it will break when you pull it out. One would definitely Deserve a build quality of HTC One V at least for this price. J. Weight - Reasonable - Impressive K. Connectivity options and Sensors are good enough L. The Processor and RAM and good enough for a device of the class to serve the purpose of the users.
SAMSUNG IS PLANNING TO DISCONTINUE THIS MODEL. IF U DNT BELIEVE ME THEN FEEL FREE TO CHECK THE INTERNET.this is a nice phone but had some serious network n connectivity probs.btw if u still wanna buy it herz a good thing for u -YOU'LL GET JELLYBEAN UPDATE.
this phone doesn't have zoom ... so what's the use of 5 MP camera ?? and I have heard about network issues too .. may be that's whu its price dropped down :P but no mobile phone comes with all these features in this price :P it has got nice processor , large screen and a secondary camera :D
here are my observations following 30 days after buying this phone: Pros: 1. HD recording is really good. 2.Dual camera is a plus for video conferencing 3.Screen resolution and colors are very fine. Cons: 1. Not so handy. Unimpressive build makes it tough to grab comfortably. Prone to slip off. 2. 5 MP camera is awfully disappointing when taking pics (although good for video recording......dont know why). Pic size is greater than 1 Mb but quality is below par. My previous Nokia 5233 2MP was way far better than this. Pics quality is fine only if there is plenty of daylight and are taken within 2-3 metres. 3. Antenna reception power is very poor. Signals get lost often (to be noted i reside in South Delhi, so no excuse granted) 4. Automatic screen lock is extremely tedious. Will lock/unlock on its own will, not yours. Need more than few attempts sometimes. 5. battery of course is a big drawback. SHould have been atleast 2100mah instead of 1500mah. 5. Would start hanging often once you install like more than 10 nice apps or so, or even when your storage starts running out of space. Interface not so smooth as would have expected. 6. No Jelly Bean update till date. Final verdict: I dont recommend this phone at all. Overly priced (worth not more than 15K) and low performance phone despite having dual core ARM cortex 9. For connoisseurs of quality technology products, i recommend strongly to go for Sony or Nokia only - tried, trusted and reliable.
No doubt samsung are producing gud fones. But they are still way far from Nokia as far as service is concerned. Now i understood why Nokia is the most trusted mobile brand in India (it's not my opinion, it's a research done by some survey). Nokia's Service was seriously gud. had a worst experiennce with Samsung mobile service.
sold this phone after 3 years of usage.last 7 months has been running on cyangenmod 11.It's smooth and good.Please root the phone and install custom rom from [novafusion.pl] based on cyangenmod 11. It's 100 times far better than crappier jelly bean provided by Samsung. Positives of this phone is Amoled display and internal storage of 16gb.In 2015 I would not recommend anyone to buy this, expect as a secondary phone!!!!
I am using it for 2 year now and my advise is never think to go for it pro * look and good enough for just calling purpose. cons * Camera is worst. 1.3 M front cam is 5 time batter than mentioned 5M primary camera so if you just want selfi than go for it. * It should be priced less than 6K for these spacs. * Regular hangs in mobile. at least twice a day phone need a restart. it hangs as soon as wifi is on and GPS almost always hangs. * battery last just 8 hour for normal uses I wonder they have not discontinued it yet.
Good for Light to medium users Very sturdy build . No parts broken after 18 months of usage and several falls. Now Android Kit Kat is available with rooting to overcome the slight lag which set up in last few months giving it new lease of life. Display is too good Camera is good. Battery life is very good for light to medium usage. Size / form factor is just right and handy as a phone should be.
THIS IS AN AWSOME PHONE U JUST LOVE TO USE IT HAS A CRYSTAL CLEAR SCREEN AND VERY GOOG SOUND QUALITY... BUT UNFORTUNATELY MY PHONE WAS BROKEN.. RIP
guys I didnt buy this phone from flipkart but the phone was worst till I did not updated it to kitkat 4.4.4. Now the phone rocks it runs like butter excellent speed,sound,camera.After I rooted n installed kikat rom the phone is the best phone in the world.If u r planning to take cell under 15 its best.Fits in the hand nicely,super amoled screen,internal 16gb what else can u get
dear friends i am using this phone from past 1.5 years its really good if ur rooted and updated to cm 4.4 otherwise it is really a crap junk so pls update to cm 4.4 and enjoy it the true taste of kit kat
i have been using this mobile since a year. bought it on 30th may 2013, nothing to talk about flipkart.com. it is as much faster as any other delliveries. and the mobile is good for normal users. but if you are a high end gamer or a tech geek i suggest you to buy an other mobile. after buying this mobile it went on good for a month or two. later it started irritating me. after upgrading to jellybean, the pain became more and more. i have rooted this mobile two months ago and installed kitkat into it. now everything is fine . also the gaming capablity of the mobile is improved.
I use the phone in 1.5 year .,laging and poor battery is the story of this phone. Next time i never buy this any samsung product. most of the samsung mobile are lagging issue .
This phone is really nice + Flipkart is giving a good deal as this phone in the local market is for 19500/- I got the phone Within 24 hours of placing the order The phone is really nice & so far no complaints , just waiting for a ICS or JB software update Super AmoLed display. Baterry is good enough it worked for 12 hours (With alot of calls , Internet browsing) completly satisfied with the phone & Thank u Flipkart for an amazing deal & delivery service.
I have bought two phones for me and my brother.Really it advances other mobiles by price,features and performance. Mind flowing amoled display,beautiful design and stunning price attracted me.S advance conquered the iphone by attractive features.Without doubt,you can go for it. Top 5 speciality of S advance ----------------------------- 1.AMELED display---get clear view from any angle 2.5MB rear camare,1.3 Mb fron camera---can take good quality photos 3.4 inch display --handy smart phone 4.Dual Core processor,768 RAM--can play games and do multi tasking 5.More than 15 hour Talk Time single sim mobile.As of now,most of the samsung mobile are dual sim mobiles(duos) which has less talk time PS: It covers 1 year manufacturer warranty Matchless Mobile in this range.Grab the advance,Catch the pleasant!!!
So , I have been using it for quite sometime and pushing it to the limits. Pros - 1. Super AMOLED Display. Beautiful. 2. Great to hold. 3. Decent looks. 4. Good performance. 5. Exceptional support on xda-developers.com , for rooting and customizations , un-paralleled to any recent Samsung loads of devices. Cons - 1. Moto G is the killer now in the price bracket. 2. Home button is a rectangle and not a square, gets slightly hard to press. 3. Protruded camera, will take all the scratches. 4. Pathetic JellyBean update by Samsung. GingerBread was extremely smooth .
I am writing this review after using this phone for about 15 months. Everything is excellent in this phone except the dust accumulation in the rear camera.
I really liked what I bought. It's been 1 year since I bought the phone and haven't faced any issues with it. Pros - Camera - though it's 5MP rear and 1.2 MP front - but the images are pretty good. - Memory - nothing can beat 16GB internal memory - enough to save loads and loads of stuff - Speed - haven't faced any issues with the speed of the phone - even with multiple applications running simultaneously - Built - the phone is slim and looks good - though the back cover could have been a little stronger Cons - nothing much but I'm unable to find any option to upgrade to the next version of Android - hope Samsung does something about it.
I really liked what I bought. It's been 1 year since I bought the phone and haven't faced any issues with it. Pros - Camera - though it's 5MP rear and 1.2 MP front - but the images are pretty good. - Memory - nothing can beat 16GB internal memory - enough to save loads and loads of stuff - Speed - haven't faced any issues with the speed of the phone - even with multiple applications running simultaneously - Built - the phone is slim and looks good - though the back cover could have been a little stronger Cons - nothing much but I'm unable to find any option to upgrade to the next version of Android - hope Samsung does something about it.
I really liked what I bought. It's been 1 year since I bought the phone and haven't faced any issues with it. Pros - Camera - though it's 5MP rear and 1.2 MP front - but the images are pretty good. - Memory - nothing can beat 16GB internal memory - enough to save loads and loads of stuff - Speed - haven't faced any issues with the speed of the phone - even with multiple applications running simultaneously - Built - the phone is slim and looks good - though the back cover could have been a little stronger Cons - nothing much but I'm unable to find any option to upgrade to the next version of Android - hope Samsung does something about it.
I really liked what I bought. It's been 1 year since I bought the phone and haven't faced any issues with it. Pros - Camera - though it's 5MP rear and 1.2 MP front - but the images are pretty good. - Memory - nothing can beat 16GB internal memory - enough to save loads and loads of stuff - Speed - haven't faced any issues with the speed of the phone - even with multiple applications running simultaneously - Built - the phone is slim and looks good - though the back cover could have been a little stronger Cons - nothing much but I'm unable to find any option to upgrade to the next version of Android - hope Samsung does something about it.
My first smatphone. step 1. visit flipkart.com step 2. comprehensive search step 3. place order step 4 recieve phone and rejoice. All this in a space of 2 days. My first BIG buy with flipkart and although the phone is out of manufacturing now, I am more than satisfied with it.
Dont ever buy this! Heating Issue Hangs again and again Network issue, needs frequent restarts daily just to get the network back, Nature TouchWiz like all other versions of TouchWiz is the worst launcher ever which eats all resources! Samsung badly needs to replace TouchWiz from each and every device! Overall not at all a VFM would give 0 star!
i using this cell phone last 6 month and its worst addition of samsung series bakwas phone hai A. 1.3MP front camera - Very good in fact for a Phone of the class B. 5.0MP Rear Camera - As expected from a Midrange device - But a pretty decent one C. 16GB RAM - Again Very good for a Device of its class. D. A web browser with Flash Divx and all other codec Support - Excellent E. Super AMOLED Display - Not really a good One - Should have been Super AMOLED Plus - But Acceptable F. Android Ginger Bread - Definitely should have been ICS out of the box Or atleast an assurance - when. G. 1500Mah Battery - Pretty average with one full day usage expected. Will have to wait for the user experience for it. I. 4" Display - Pretty Cool and Single handed use - But a 4" display screen Phone should have a size with length less than or equal to 120mm to meet the purpose. 123mm it little big. J. Build quality - Not pretty impressive with Hard Plastics. High time for samsung to be innovative of the design. The back cover is extremely thin plastic which at times feels it will break when you pull it out. One would definitely Deserve a build quality of HTC One V at least for this price. J. Weight - Reasonable - Impressive K. Connectivity options and Sensors are good enough L. The Processor and RAM and good enough for a device of the class to serve the purpose of the users. M. Price Tag - Well... Its way beyond reality. With the unimpressive build quality and being a mid-range device it should stand between 18-21K. On the Whole - SGSA Decently and impressively Featured Midrange Device with Unimpressive Build quality and Poor pricing Motorola Atrix 2 is a Solidly build Device with Excellent battery back up with few thousands less than SGSA. But it is bit heavy, have a 4.3 inch screen and No AMOLED Display fake quality
Bought it almost a year back for my wife. Great phone no doubt. samsung has reliable products. the only con i think is the battery ... but i guess its there in all smart phones. except for iphones i guess. i phone has a better battery life. Also, temple run does not runs as smoothly as on an iphone. everything else is good so far.
Hello everyone, It's been 21 months since I am using this phone, Just thought to write a review about this phone which I think is the most graceful phone Samsung ever came up with it. Looks: Superb Looks, Elegant, Curvy, sits perfectly with perfect size in the palm. Screen: Excellent, though the PPI little bit on a lesser side compared to S4, this phone has Super Amoled Touch Screen, beautiful colors with background, colors never looked so attractive in any other phone of any brand. (GIONEE is a competitor now). Performance: Bought this mobile with Android 2.3 ginger bread, the phone ran gracefully until I upgraded with Android 4.1 Jelly bean which was drawback. Jelly bean didn't run nicely, experienced lags, screen getting freezed. Overall the phone became a slow runner for which you had to wait for ages to respond even for small function to perform. Howerver, Official Android Developers Cyanogenmod had something else in mind and did the impossible, by coming up with Android 4.4 Kit Kat for this phone which one could install by following the instructions online. this was not the official Samsung upgrade, one had to take risk. I took the risk and the phone has responded to the upgrade perfectly as ever. All the glitches of Jelly Bean, Things missed out in Ginger Bread have been addressed in this Kit Kat Unofficial Upgrade. My samsung Galaxy s advance has come alive and the need of getting a new phone just vanished the day I installed Kit Kat. So those who are feeling glitches with Jelly Bean must upgrade to Kit kat and it will do wonders to your phone. I am a true fan of this Mobile, and consider this model to be the most beautifully crafted model from Samsung. Even if you compare this model with other Samsung Higher end phones like S4, Note 1, Note 2, Note 3, S5, this phone will turn out to be the better looking phone. RAM - I feel RAM is enough now after the upgrade to KIT KAT but still if it would have been more than 1 GB would have been great. CAMERA - Camera is superb, shutter is a bit on slower side but once it clicks, one will get photos with lot of detailing and depth in the colors. I would rate this phone to be one of the best and definitely looking forward for the upgrade is Samsung ever thought of which they should have had by now..looking at the followers of this model
Bought it almost a year back for my wife. Great phone no doubt. samsung has reliable products. the only con i think is the battery ... but i guess its there in all smart phones. except for iphones i guess. i phone has a better battery life. Also, temple run does not runs as smoothly as on an iphone. everything else is good so far.
its a nice buy in this price range. as it is a samsung product it will lag after 6 months but that wont be much of concern.
Mobile has almost all application comapared to high end mobiles. it has android low version. Initially its work good and faster after some period response is slow.
The phone was good looking. But because of jellybean update it keeps lagging for even simple tasks like dialing number, searching contacts, opening google app, etc. Also the video camera is not working at all. It hangs the moment you start shooting video. Camera quality is average. Flipkart service was good. But Samsung should stop selling inferior quality products for such a high price.
Nice phone with execellent features ,although ram is bit low but all apps and games work very finely in gingerbread android. and there comes a day when i upgraded it to jellybean, it stated lagging behind. it hanges 2-3 times a day now the phone has become almost an expensive paper wieght.
Got this phone in august. Works good, a great buy at 12.5k. Plays Asphalt 8 without lag. Hangs at times though.
I bought this phone for my mother (retired senior citizen) as I knew gifting her something more advanced than this will be a challenge. It is user friendly and she is able to manage her emails, FB and whatsapp on her own. She downloaded few apps like Nursery rhymes and talking cat etc to keep her grand kids entertained and has not given any issues till date. The reason I bought Samsung over other phones was the after sales network. All in all a value for money phone if you are looking to gift or a new entrant to the smart phone market. The phone has been used for a year, bought it in March 2013 and the review is based on 1 year usage.
This performance is very bad after 3 months usage.. It has every possible trouble like hanging, battery back up etc. Moreover it creates an abnormal sound while put on loudspeaker as if it is to blast anytime
Great product & great service by Flipkart!!! I have been using this phone from around 6 months. It's still working smoothly...
I am using this phone for last one year and i felt that i need to write a review somewhere .. this is the worst phone i have come across in whole life time...battery back up is pathetic and on top of it freezes whenever i receives a call while an application is running.. upgraded the os, no difference... friends do not spend money on this crap...
Only purchased due to AMOLED. Really disappointed by this mobile. Worst battery backup. Cheap build quality. Sold it online after few days. Really hated this mobile. I had another issues with some Samsung mobile. I feels some uncomfortable while using some Samsung phone. Due to radiations or other reason I got headache problem. after talking of few minutes I becomes unrelaxed. After this one I had purchased Sony Xperia E. and never feels issue like radiations.
Pros - This phone looks great especially the slight curve design. It has a superb Amoled screen. Performance and gaming is smooth thanks to the dual core cpu. It also has a above average rear camera and front camera. Cons - No zoom function for the camera.
I am absolutely in love with this phone. My earlier Samsung phone was with a keypad and so I was wary of getting a touch phone based on the reports of some of my friends who said that touch phones can be a pain when you need to to text messages. But I have no regrets with this one. Thank you flipkart for a quick delivery!
After using it for the last 10 months, i can say that it's a good phone with a good performance , sexy design and looks.
Samsung Galaxy S Advance i9070 is an best mobile among all i used. Even it was little bit older than the todays mobile market, still a best product than all. If u compare this to any mobile on the market today with a same price tag, u will not find a product which is better than this. I love to use this mobile. It has all the feature that a smart-phone have. whoever who dislikes this for its operating system will find the custom ROMs build for this, which have 4.3 and also above. But user interface and tiny options build in this mobile makes it very awesome. these options will not be found on any mobile which is even near 20k. As iam using this above 10 months, it doesnt make a little misbehave things. And finally, there is no cons on this product which affects ur daily usage. battery was somewhat weak, but after it got rooted u may install various apps to make it efficient. thanks & bye.. Have a great Flipkart.. :) - kvsriram91
It is a good phone bought it 2 yrs ago from flipkart,but writing a review now(my bad).But for now just one thing...... GO FOR "MOTO G" DON'T THINK JUST GO FOR IT!!!!! Its the best budget phone in market right now....I just got it!! and its just AWESOMEEEEE
Super mobile, but lags when upgraded to Android 4.1.2 android version. Good camera features as well. Don't expect battery life, it stands only 1day in 3G network.
Flipkart Delivery was satisfied. Camera ,Display are good. I didnt satisfied with the processor. While playing Temple Run or even during a phone call the Phone always get hanging. Other features are good.
No os upgrade. Pathetic camera. No zoom. Hangs quite often. Network issues. Never buy this phone. I bought this phone last year as in features it was written os upgrade can be done to jelly bean 4.1.2.
No nonsense phone, even thought its an earlier model, decent screen, battery life and performance.. Dont see why my review has to be 100 characters. lalalalalalalala
i give 5 stars because of its features like it's gorilla glass.in 12500 its nice , Pros : 1. 4 inch AMOLED screen 2. 768 mb ram , dual core processor 3. os upgradeable to 4.1 jelly bean 4. hd video recording 5. 16 gb internal memory Cons : nothing so far in this price range
I have been using this phone from last year April. Mostly i am happy with this phone with occasional feel of some extra ram.The look and feel is premium and the performance is quite decent.I would recommend this for budget conscious people. I would like to specially mention about the video capture, which is surprisingly good and videos render perfectly on my samsung 32" led tv.
Good: UI, AMOLED (Display), Battery Life, Design a plus (right size and curves), 2G & 3G connectivity, camera, 11GB of user memory, 1GHz dual core processor. Lags: Speed/performance 768 MB RAM, 480x800 pixels, comes with Gingerbread not yet updated with Jellybean. Purchased flip covers and screen guard separately. Overall good purchase, not much into gaming, only for normal usage with videos download and internet with some new apps, even after 6 months the price has not reduced and out of stock with most of the retailers.
s advance with 4..12 .hang every time dueto low ram .hang with single application running.switch off automatically.but it have better battery life .other wise good performance
Games: Will play Angry Birds till the first Star Wars version, haven't tried anything else further than that, don't try to play any racing or heavy resource games. Hope the Camera was a little faster, it takes at least two seconds to snap a photo. If you want to record or play video of 1280 by 720 resolution, first turn off all apps using the task manager or Toucher Pro.
Good Mobile. Atleast worth the price. If you want performance , do not upgrade it to jelly bean. No option to downgrade it back to GB .
very good phone with 4 inch screen 600mb RAM super amoled corning gorilla glass 2 screen 16 GB internal memory 5mega pixel camera but but but.. no zoom I felt extremely bad to find that after receiving the smartphone from flipkart , there was no provision for zoom. but still this phone is good for games and all other apk stuffs.
it is having best of its class display but sluggish performance. Battery is good but automatically mobile got turned off.
Good decent smartphone supporting ample apps and user friendly. Post purchase of the same never had any troubleshooting
Very good phone in this price range. everything good except camera. Primary camera quality is really average but the secondary camera is very good for video chat
Excellent phone from Samsung, I am using this mobile over 8 months. I have upgraded to Jelly beans. It lags sometimes but runs smoothly after a restart. I have played Asphalt 7, Temple run 1, 2 & Brave. All these games run without lagging. Most important thing is Samsung service. I accidently dropped this mobile from my pocket once and next day the I found my mobile dead. Samsung service center solved the issue and returned my mobile on next day! I am very happy with this mobile.
i have been using this set ,,,, it's 1 of the best galaxy set among moderate ranges,,,,overall i'm satisfied,,,,,,,,,
This is an awesome phone.I have used it last 1 months no issues. But some time in games it lags a bit..Any way its an excellent phone at this price. Image is damn cristal clear in super AMO Led screen.
camera 3.5/5 display4/5 handling4/5 daily use 4/5 overall 4 This is one of the best purshase on flipkart product.Blindly go for this phone, if you have a small budget.I request all to see spects of this mobile. then see its samsung. when you buy any phone , also think about its resell value. service centers of samsung is the best.
This is another decent phone released by Samsung. though it lacks on certain key features. This phone could easily have been installed with Android Jelly Bean instead of Ginger Bread. The specification and hardware support and the price range on which this phone is available would have made this phone an instead hit if it only had the latest version of Android. Another thing that is missing is the zooming feature in the camera mode.. the volume buttons works only for volume not for zooming while in camera mode. What's up with that???? Otherwise the phone works just fine. the screen size and the processor is good.
This is my first android phone in my life.I m using it for the past six months.I have used ginger bread version in the start for 3 months then i have upgrade it to jelly bean.On jellybean the mobile becomes laggy quite a time but on gingerbread it is like butter with no lags at all.Then also the mobile is awsome as it is very cheap comparing other Samsung Mobiles.I"ld like to recommend others to buy it without any hesitation as all games works fine without any lags specially subwaysurfer,templerun,minionrush,etc
super phone with less than rs.2500 than market prize.working good.. 16 gb internal memory and 2 gb from for soft installation.i feel good scree size is 4 inch , its not a problem for me because i don't want a big screen its difficult to handle for me.....god option to purchase..and flipcart is always giving good service keep going,,
Great phone for the price. Came out of the box with jelly bean and the Amoled screen looks awesome. Delivery took a little more than expected.
first of all please please please dont look at any other review against this phone Because,evryone tells that this phone is pricey... SO SORRY TO ALL ABOVE ONES.. U all are talking so that this is not a bang for the buck EVERYONE... you are suggesting xperia sola ,xperia p,desire x,desire vc.....BWAHhhh.. PLEASE these phones dont even fit in the price range.Moreover some of them have good displays but lack at performance.....whereas some good at performance and screen is TFT and is SMALL sized.. PLEASE note 1.Super amoled at this price is the main tag.. 2.moreover 768 MB ram,the main thing for multi-tasking 3. the A9 cortex ,DUAL CORE processor...multi-tasking as well as gaming done 4.the graphics....MALI 400... best best ever for intense gaming 5.the very main thing internal memory 16 GB.....for high end gamers,and high level downloaders.....your needs satisfied!! :) EXPANDABLE 32 GB 6.no doubt... the 5 MEGAPIXEL camera is fab..with led flash...followed by fr. cam.1.3 MP 7. ANDROID 2.3........now upgrade available to ANDROID 4.0.4 ICS
I have been using this phone from past 14 months now . Battery when new lasts till one complete day ,battery swells in a period of 1 year , new battery is difficult to find , 768 MB RAM is good but still phone hangs a lot even when there are no Games or heavy applications in my phone, Camera quality is good but you need to keep holding the phone for few seconds after clicking a shot otherwise images comes blurred , No optical zoom , LED Flash is good , speaker volume is ddecent , display clarity is excellent , internal memory is much better than any other phone in this price range , Signal reception is not that good
This is also called S2 lite. smaller version of Galaxy S2.a very good phone and the price is so cheap. i didn't put screen guard and fell down many times from my hand. no scratches so far because of the gorilla glass. slim, 16gb internal memory.getting one day battery backup .AMOLED screen. the main drawback of this phone is it has only 768mb ram. so don't update to jellybean. it will hang like a hell. overall its a good option.
I have been using it for the past 6-7 months.though i am not a heavy gamer or user of this phone i mainly use for photos,music,calls and texts..and ocassional games. i would suggest and reccomend people to buy this.
Nice product at really great price...Best price on flipkart compared to other online sites and market.... ***** Flipkart Service was also great and fast*****
Although now its not it was when i bought it the best cell in its range... I would suggest go for Xperia M if you are buying now
I got it 6 months before from flipkart when its price was dropped to 12.5K. Still im wondering how flipkart slice the price upto 12.5K. The phone is a complete awesome. XDA got good team for this phone for further development.
Best phone to have at this price, with all specs of high end smartphone. But only drawback is occasional lag.
I might be delayed in my review. But a year after my Samsung S1 met with an accident and stopped functioning i needed a phone and after much searching in the day when the S2 was getting replaced by the S3 i found the S1 advance. Similar features as the S2 (ok somewhat). Many improvements or rather upgrades. Some might say it was a last ditch effort to squeeze life out of an old model. But i would dis-agree. A better processor, a camera with flash ( the older version somehow did not have a much needed flash). os up-graded !! more ram. I think the processor is the same as the S2 however the one in the later is over-clocked. Overall a great phone in a size that really suited me the other versions were just to large for me to handle or like. The good thing about all this was this was only available online/ so obviously flipkart came to mind. Its the first time i spent so much online and i must say it's been a absolute pleasure. Way to go flipkart.
Samsung Galaxy S Advance Looking Very Nice and Slim Phone Performance are Not Bad,as per Value This is a Good Product
Very Good Phone with Excelllent Internal Memory Almond Display Very Good Camera RAM is also Good Look is very Nice
will not stress on the pros & cons much as many have already done it except about the battery life...battery doesnt stands for a long time in fact you must be plugging in every now and then ie may be everyday...,but again worth buying at this range.
this phone looks like an excellent deal on paper. But after using it for 6 months, I can definitely say that I have been duped. The performance is subpar, it lags a lot, doesn't multitask well, and has a crappy RAM usage issue. Even after rooting it, I can't get acceptable performance out of this device. It;s definitely not bang for the buck. pros- 1.Good display. 2. Decent battery life 3. Good build quality and feel Cons- 1. Lags a LOT 2. Crappy camera 3. lags a LOT!!!
This phone is best for those who just want to use android. Can be upgraded to 4.1 jelly bean. Excellent look and size. Battery backup is poor as its battery is only 1500 mH. Game lovers, avoid it hangs a lot during play bcoz of 768 mb memory and dual core processor. Rest is fine.
It's a good phone for normal user. Been using for over a month and no such problems has occured so far. Thanks to Flipkart too.
I initially had a doubt that this phone wont be a good choice... But now when I am using, I feel i made the right choice by buying it. I works awesome, one of the best mobile u can get it for this cost. Only the Android version is old but doesn't make a huge difference ..... Go For it :)
I am absolutely in love with this phone. My earlier samsung phone was with a keypad and so I was wary of getting a touch phone based on the reports of some of my friends who said that touch phones can be a pain when you need to to text messages. But I have no regrets with this one. Thank you flipkart for a quick delivery! You people rock!
Best case for ur mobile. with perfect cuttings and best material. Its 1 year i have been using it.. and it still looks new
Friends if you want to buy this phone, then please don't buy because in look wise this phone is good but processing is so slow you can't imagine that much slow. this review is not viewing only my mobile, this review is all my friends those who buy this phone. So, choose any other .. like HTC (too good - iphone type) or micromax
at this price with secondary camera is really great. . camera quality is good and its also plays full hd videos by installing mx player. . it plays almost all high end games and its has got good graphics. . its lags at times but its not a real big issue. . call quality is good but when it comes to messaging you can only type upto 480 characters after which its converts to multimedia. . this phone does everything a high end phone does and with flash its definately a very good buy that too with flash just go for it. . .
This mobile is quite decent as compared to others available at this range this features are getting quite outdated fast and there are btr options comong up but for some normal user this looks like a good mobile but not worth paying 13.5k
Pretty descent phone. OS upgrade option, performance, configurations all fine. Light weight phone. Flipkart service is outstanding. i ordered on 3/10/2013 got it on 4/10/2013. nicely packed.
Biggest Surprise! I got an upgrade to ICS so happy with the phone. Phone is working great, and one can also play advanced games on this!!
I got this for my wife and it is an out of the box Jelly Bean loaded device manufactured in July 2013. So that is a good steal. I got it for a lower price due to additional 7% discount on Rakshabandhan!! Again, kudos to Flipkart for an amazing deal and quick delivery.
It hangs a lot. Yeah it is cheap, but better you don't spend any penny on this piece of shit. Isse badhiya to "Bangur Cement, Sasta nahi Sabse achha " hai :p
the display oh heaven you have to really see it to know how truely beautiful it is super amoled realy is clear and vivid in colours, however hd movies do tend to lag and thats really dissappointing. games like subway surfers play ok. if you want a good samsung android phone at a budget well then this is the phone for you.
this is a very gud phn with jellybean android after upgrd,super amoled screen,16gb internal memory,1.3megapixel secondary camera....you dont see these all these features together till galaxy grand... so i would advise you to buy this if ur range is from 12k-13k....flipkart service is also good.....
Hi to all the owners of this mobile. I had bought this device some 6 months back and the USP of this device is the Super Amoled display which makes you fall in love with it. I am not a tech bug to describe all the features of this device, but i am quite satisfied with the phone. it is average in all departments. the only disappointment is the phone lags a few seconds when you want to access the basic call and msg facilities. I mean a phone was invented to connect to people but this device lags on this facility. I think samsung has to stop giving the JB update and retain the orginal GB or rectify this problem. i can confidently say this device wont disappoint you even if you use this device 2 years from now.
Seems to be simple and efficient at this cost. This has good clarity. Camera seems to be good. Better performance. Good touch wizard. Battery charge lasts for a day or 2 day. In-built memory is 16 GB so there is no more necessity for a external memory card.
Few days ago I bought S Advance in Nashik. The Performance to the is very good.This device is already updated with Jelly Bean 4.1.2 Os. And Other activities like HD videos (1080p,Games and Sound Quality is best. No any lag issue for jelly bean Indian update. Some time lag this device cause of same type performance app running simultaneously.
I've seen quite a few comments here that claim it does not play Full HD. Downgrade to Android 2.3 Gb and use Bm player and then try Full HD videos. It will work 100%. The latest Android would not support Full HD in this phone. Don't know why though.
Just a month ago got this phone @ 12499 INR with two offers ...This phone doesnot deserve current price. Features wise phone is working well The only problem with this phone is that it doesnot play Full HD videos otherwise go for this phone @ 12000 INR...
its a good phone for this price range..bit laggy wit jelly bean..bt major manufacturing error detected is entry of dust inside camera...1080p videos cant be played even wit softwares...sound is crystal clear..and design is awesome
yes this is the phn u should go for if u are looking for a high end mid range phn.. the price point is very good. i own this phn for almost 9mnths and i am very happy with this. now in jelly bean update its better more... i recommend this very much.
new buyers of this phone may be facing a lag issue. its all because of 4.1 jelly bean os. this phone is built to work on 2.3 gingerbread. the phone is smooth on android 2.3. so consider downgrade. all games works fine and there is no lag. only problem is inbuilt camera application has no zoom capability. consider installation of camera zoom fx.
Hi, First of all, I would like to bring to your notice that this product is of 13500 INR. So, lets judge/compare it with products in the range uptil 15K. Its better than SONY Xperia because it can be upgraded till Jelly Beans - It does matter Its better than HTC series because it has better RAM. Its, of course better than Micromax!! (Don't get misguided by the super lucrative prices) Display is SUPER AMOLED!! Processor, screen size, touch experience is great!! (Please remember not to compare it with phones priced above 15-16K) You cannot get a better phone at a price less than 15K Its worth it!! I strongly recommend this phone!!
At low prices best mobile in India. So even normal people can afford this mobile at cheap and best price. I have used this for an year withour any issue. So i am just sharing my experiance with you. It supports all thing. but i found few thing like it does not provide me to take screen shot of any visiting screen. Over all it good at this price. Thanks.
This phone is one of the coolest looking phone in under 15 k price range and yes thanks to the superamoled display. This phone satisfies all your messaging and social networking and mid level gaming needs but lags when doing multitasking. 16gb internal at this price satisfies all your media needs. This phone came with 4.1.2 out of the box and it does support some of the galaxy s3 features like direct call but no smart stay or multi-window which is sad . Haven't downloaded any huge games like NFS most wanted or asphalt, but I'm sure these games will perform gr8 on this phone thanks to the Mali 400 GPU. Thats it guys these are lot of other cool features in this phone and I'll be most thank full to Samsung if they roll 4.2.2 update ...
I am request to you dn't go with samsung. I am user of samsung from last 7 years. Facing too much problems 1 year warranty once you go to gallary only software installation nothing else. If there is a hardware problem still they are only solving problem with software update nothing doing. Same problem occured within next few days. If you asking for resale value 18500 cell for rs only 1500. pahle to yeh chore hain iphone ke software ka. So please please choose different company cell. I have Samsung laptop, samsung 7 mobile phone 4 smart phone. From last year I am not user of samsung products,. I sold my all samsung products.
I got this mobile in my hand on august 1, packing was good, excited to see AMOLED screen i was happy on that day. It had preinstalled jelly bean in it. but after 3 days after i copied my contacts, transferred, installed applications it started to become slow and hanged frequently. Playing videos was very slow and hanged which irritated me. and opening contacts was also very slow process even a 7000 range android mobile of Samsung is fast than this mobile. 768 MB ram but available is 625 MB. It says TT of 15 hrs and 7 hrs on 2G and 3G but truly it drains at 5 hrs and 3 hrs even after turning off all the wifi,gps, data etc. Hardware: Cheap back cover. Cheap paint which flakes easily.. cheap look. I complained about paint flaking and slowness of device and flipkart replaced me with the new one. But the new device is also hangs occasionally in some basic functions like messaging and calling. the hanging problem decreased than the old one but not completely. It only looks good when new. touch is ok. screen is good. camera is not as expected.(samsung dissappoints). memory very good. ram bad. size ok. Overall a good try by samsung to make an smart phone. but not fits for me. no HD games running smoothly. no battery life. Slow response is really irritating. After using for 3 weeks i am thinking to sell if it goes for good price and purchase smart phone other than samsung.
Thank you, Flipkart Family,We are the family members so glad to receive this Samsung Galaxy S Advance i9070,because all in one and the price of phone is not so much,amazing,We recommend all to purchase this phone,awesome it is ,it is fantasyic phone.
First of all i did lot of survey about the mobiles phones at the range of 10000-14000. there were three options in samsung i.e) Galaxy S advance, Galaxy Core and Galaxy S duos. out of which i liked Galaxy s advance. you can compare this three phones you will know that galaxy is the best phone. I made an order from flipkart . I was in confusion because i already have bad experience on online shopping. But thanks to flipkart . I got the mobile in perfect condition , good packaging, delivery in 2 two days, no issues from WS retail. One of the best experience of online service. I will give 100 out of 100 to flipkart. I am very much impressed from flipkart.
I bought this phone 1 year ago!!! Simply speaking, its the Worst phone ever. No Pros: Cons: Bad Battery Only looks good on paper very bad performance even hangs while answering calls (happened after update) Every good game hangs..even temple run 1 (forget playing asphalt 7 or Temple run Oz ) Please its really waste of money.
phone loses range on 2g network even if phone in coverage area. and all callers get " out of coverage area" . i happens to all models so the company stopped manufacturing this model and called back all shipped model. its a hardware issue.. not sftware.. so dont buy.. enquire with a local dealer and confirm for yourself..
- This is a review after 1 week usage of the phone. - The phone I ordered & received in early August is manufactured in July 2013 in Vietnam and is pre-loaded with Android Jelly Bean i.e. 4.1.2 as against Android 2.3 Gingerbread OS as mentioned in the specifications. - Bought the phone not from Flipkart but from another major online seller from their superdeals for Rs.11699. Pls note actual MRP of the phone on the box is Rs.17300. - Performance is decent for an average user. If you are a heavy gamer, I feel the RAM is not sufficient to cope up with heavy games. Though Temple run, Subway surfers, etc run fine so far. - The Amoled screen is great and crisp in display. - The phone responds sometimes slowly while recording video. - Overall, pretty happy with the phone as was earlier using Samsung Galaxy Y5360. - Recommend this phone to an average user who mostly uses for calling, Internet and social networking. High high gamers need to think before buying.
I bought this phone about 2 months back. Its a good phone regarding the features at this price. But the Main problem I face with this phone is it HANGS!! it Hangs all the time! Even though I avoid multi-tasking to reduce this problem but then also it Hangs all the time sometimes even while Making phone calls. Thanks to its removable battery that I can remove n put it back to resolve it but I am really done with this phone's Hanging Issues! so I m selling mine...
Good phone with decent features and comfortable in aspects of size(easily fits in to your pocket and in hands too). Initially one or two months it was awesome but later on it keeps on getting hang even on the basic jobs like camera , phone keypad, music player. Heights was when it some times hangs and pops up a message showing "Android not responding please force close or wait". And all the above mentioned aspects we have to switch off the mobile in order make it work properly. And more over out of 16 GB space only 3 GB space is occupied and in terms of ram i make it sure i has minimum 300 MB free of space. I've just completed my 5 month with this device i hope samsung customer care will help me out in this issue. Regards, Abbas.
This is The Best And Unique smart phone by SAMSUNG.Only Gingerbread OS is weak point of This Mobile,but never mind Bcoz u can Free upgrade this OS in to Latest Jelly Bean 4.1.2 in Samsumg Gallery. Camera is also Best. And 16 GB internal Memory. My 5 friends Purchase This Phone After me, They realy Like it....... i m fully Satisfy & Happy. Dont Think JUST GO FOR IT. Note. In Gingerbread Camera is Not zooming, But in Jelly Bean camera starts Zooming. :)
Guys...... if u want to play all the new HD high graphics games like of.... NOVA 3 , MC 4 , Pax payne , Asphalt 8 , Batman etc............... nd u have Rs.12000 to 13000 to spend . This is the console / mobile 4 u . Since it has 16 GB of internal memory........ u can easily install 6 to 7 of the above mentioned HD games all at once. Gameplay is also damm good / superb. I am using this console for last 5 months........ and i am loving it......... it has never failed me in running any HD games by gameloft , EA 's .. etc.
this doesn't have the best processor or RAM for the price range but the display is stunning. bit old but still worth the buy. Another thing worth mentioning is the battery life which is pretty good for a phone of this screen size and hardware config. by the way, I upgraded it to Jelly Bean official ROM and it's still smooth as ever!
The overall mobile is very good. and we can't run this mobile with jelly beam os. because of the mobile is hanging problem with jelly bean os . we need to change the downgrade from jelly bean to gingerbread it will work with very good for this mobile . overall i am happy with this mobile. and the touch is very good. the video clarity is excellent and sound also very good. no issues running with GB os. but if we want run jelly beam os it is not good. because of it is lagging frequent. i have used the jelly bean with this mobile for 15 days it is harassed me finally i had changed the os to GB on Samsung service center now it is very smooth.
I purchased it from flipkart.com. Delivery was in time and packaging is also good. The phone is just average. I am using this phone for last 2 weeks. First week there was no problem. But from the second week the phone is getting struck and the applications are getting hanged. The battery is not enough for one day. In normal use it need to charge 2 times a day. Some times the data signal is not getting. But by spec and price is ok. But by perfomance asper spec... It is not so worthy.
I Purchased this phone through Flipkart about 8 months ago. was reluctant a bit at first since it was my first online electronic purchase. but with a few recommendations from my friends i took the chance.. I am glad to say that it was worth it. The price and the quality. till now i got no issues with its working and genuineness. I have been purchasing from Flipkart for quite some time now and have come to trust it. Beware if you are a photo freak then i would like to say that the only drawback about this phone is that there is no zoom for the camera. But then there are the other features that makes this phone Awesome.
i got this phone 2 weeks back.. as using it, i feel comfortable.. super style.. but there is a bit lagging... i think its becoz of updated software in it.. its using android 4.1 version.. screen clarity and cam is much good... we know the clarity of 5mp cam.... so dont think more in it.. its best in its 5mp.. inbuilt memory of 11.3 gb available and 2 gb for application storage is reserved....a lagging is bit uncomfortable.. i only see that problem... ram only 625mb is available... when instaled 8 or 9 apps.. ram memory becomes full... we need to clear the memory when using apps... anyway good selection in this price range.. and you could get customer support anywhere you need.. you could find out samsung outlet easilyy.....
i dont know y ds product is rated so low.. first of all thanks flipkart for ur service i got my phone within 4 days(including 1 sunday) and surprise its updated with jellybean 4.1.2 out of d box..!! howzzzat.. About d handset i wud say its a steal at ds price..after using for 2days Pros: 4 inch s amoled screen with amazing colors Dual core processor Buttery smooth jellybean os 16gb inbuilt memory supports all hd games like temple run oz, virtual tennis etc Cons: none still now i dont know y samsung has stopped production of ds mobile I am a lucky guy to have ds before its out of stock Plz guys dont go for galaxy core or s duos ds are crap n worst handsets i felt vomitting after seeing s duos in so many people's hand.. Thank u
flipkart delivered the product on time (as always) the phone was packed securely i recently upgraded the phone to jelly bean (4.1.2) and it feels amazing pros-5 mp cam. android 4.1. super amoled display. cons-sometimes lag (only because of updating to 4.1) thank you www.flipkart.com for such a good service
its a best phone with 16 gb internal memory,super amoled screen,camera 5 (720p),secondary(1.3) not like other phones 0.3 and comes out of box as jelly bean 4.1.2 .........and let me tel 768 ram is sufficient .battery backup 24 hour with all use use 25 apps with normal gameplay .i think its good for what i was expecting .best picture quality .go for it guys........nc and entertaining phone.....
its a best phone with 16 gb internal memory,super amoled screen(pixel 233) ,camera 5 (720p),secondary(1.3) not like other phones 0.3 and comes out of box as jelly bean 4.1.2 .........and let me tel 768 ram is sufficient fof viber,skye,whatsapp,temple run,subway surfer and many more moreover i have installed 2gb game need for speed working like charm .battery backup 24 hour with all use use 25 apps with normal gameplay .i think its good for what i was expecting
Are you hoping some would be stupid enough to buy this phone? Least of all, the OS is 2 year old and cannot be upgraded... Even Samsung's own recent phones are cheaper than this 2 year old model. I am not sure anyone would buy it at 80% discount either, but you can try.
Got this phone some 3 months back. it worked fine till now. But since yesterday the screen has gone dead. It is not coming up at all. Planning to take it to service centre now. But considering this crap costed me almost 13K, whats the point going for big name like Samsung. I could have got a better working handset in less price from so-called "Indian" manufacturers. Considering my bad experience I will suggest all to stay away from Samsung and its crappy products. Do I get an option to rate it 0 ??
First of all ,Thanks to Flipkart for quick service .As i m using this device(JB out of BOX) from past one month i can say it's a better mid range device based on its price range. I can play dead trigger and many mid range games without lag but this device is bad Multitask-er.So starts to lag on running multiple application .... Now its restarting on every 20 minutes.
I purchased this product after some research. Samsung Core did not have great reviews and this one has better specification than Core. What is even better is that it now comes with JellyBean OS. Amazing clarity, AMOLED screen and Full HD recording camera, quick to respond. I am yet to put it to stress test with some heavy games
I am using this phone for the past 4 months. I had ordered this from Flipkart and the service was amazing. Received the phone in 48 hrs. Thank you FK. About the phone, I used it for 2 months on GB and then upgraded to JB via Kies. I have read many reviews on the lagging issues after upgrading to JB. My Phone also started lagging after the update. I recommend to the readers below steps to have a Lag free experience: 1. In the setting menu, under developer option, in APPS section, kindly select " Do not keep activities" and below this,use the option to Limit background activities to max 4. This is make the phone significantly faster 2. Download Smart launcher and use it as the default launcher instead of Samsung TouchWiz. It is clean, fast, uses less Memory and will give a lag free experience. Overall, I am happy with the phone. It is a great Value for Money proposition. Those who want to Own a JB smartphone under Rs.13K, look nowhere. The phone boasts of features which are comparable to any expensive handset. Without doubt, go for this phone.
From 3 months i'm using this phone. This is my 1st android phone. First it was working fine but when i upgraded to JB it started to lag badly then i downgraded to GB nw working good.I receive this phone with in 2 days of ordering. Flipkart's best thing is delivering the things as soon as possible, Display is good,11.03GB internal memory, 5MP camera with flash,1.3MP front camera. totally its worth for the money but don't upgrade to JB it lags very badly.
Using this phone from one year now,it was fine when it was running on gb,after the jb update,it's horrible,it hangs most of the time. Even for normal usage it hangs a lot.
Hi, I purchased the phone from flipkart at a very good deal @ 12580 with a bluetooth and memory card free. I have been using the phone for two weeks now and am very satisfied with the phone. To my surprise the phone came with Android 4.1.2 out of the box so I did not have to worry about the upgrade. While there is some lag in screens being loaded but that seems normal and is not related to the upgrade. I also have a samsung s3 and I find the same lag there as well. The images captured are also good and most of the games also play well. I am not a hardcore gamer hence have not tried heavy games.The battery is a concern though with all smart phones. If you turn on 3 G it will drain soon. With good usage of the phone it will only last for a day.
Good mobile with Awesome features. It is value for money at this price. If you have a budget under 14K, this is still a good android phone to go for. It comes with Android Gingerbread version but can be upgraded to Jellybean.
Nice mobile with awesome features.it is intially given with gingerbread version bt ppl who likes jellybean 4.1 can also upgraded to that version.make sure the battery should be discharge upto its maximum atleast for 3 times initially for having long life battery
As usual flikart delivery is awesome. I booked on Saturday, got on Monday. The best part is that now this phone in box is coming with Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean (as there are rumours that samsung is not providing jelly bean update). What I like most about this set is its super amoled screen and its HD camera. Even front camera also records good quality videos. But the only thing i m not satisfied is with its speaker. Although clear but not loud enough.
The product is good and its performance is in line with its specifications except that it hangs frequently with high RAM applications. Whereas services of flipkart is concerned I would not hesitate in saying that it is having the best replacement policy for defective products. But the question is that why most of the products procured through this portal is required to be replaced (at least once) at all.
Thanks for the genuine product .., Dont ve doubt , the product have warranty for 1 year (invoice is attached in the delivery box) Pro's: High clarity (Amoled display ) only mobile at this price having LED display 16 gb internal memory gud camera clarity front cam 1.2 mega pixcel fast processor ( plays HD video without Lag) supports almost all apps Con's: 1500 mah battery ( would ve given more but its okay ) android 2.3 version ( it can be ubdated after purchasing ) If ur budget is around 15k , got for this mobile ..,
SUPERB PHONE.. BRILLIANT PROGRAMMING CAPABILITIES!! NOW IN JB TOO :D GO FOR IT FRIENDS.. 5/5 COME WITH JB NOW.. NO WAITING.. I GOT IT FROM FLIP KART... FK I LOVEYAAAA. THE AWESOME CAM GOT 5 MP EYES AND 1 GHZ DUAL CORE ALMOST MAKES MY LIFE EASIER IN TERMS OF MULTITASKING AND THE BATTERY BACKUP MM PRETTY DESCENT FOR THIS DUAL CORE BEASTS. I PERSONALLY RECCOMENT YOU TO GO FOR IT :)
The phone is good and the charge on phone stays for long time even on using data service all the time.The internal space of 16 GB is awesome, about the speaker the sound quality is good. The quality of the pics taken on this camera is gr8. But sometimes it becomes slow when upgraded and camera zoom works only on upgrading. Cool phone for this price. :)
Excellent build and looks. Super easy to update - just download Kies programme on your comp and connect the phone and presto !! ... it does everything for you including software update to Jelly Bean and synchronises all contacts etc... Been using for little over a month now with NO problems at all !! The screen touch is a little over-sensitive but good on the whole... The sound could be better, the alarm on the reminders/tasks is very low and if you are not aware you miss the reminder... but, on the whole really good buy at this cost !!
it's good phone you can get a super amo-led display phone.it got 1ghzdoual core prosser but there is no lack in this phone,got a 1:3mega pixel front camera upgrade to 4:1 jelly bean.i am in tight now when i got money is it avilabel market i will buy it!?
Ordered the product on 27.07.13 and got it delivered on 29.07.13.. As usual, spellbound service by Flipkart as well as WS Retail Pvt Ltd for a superfast delivery !! Once thing I must say is that the packing quality was really very poor and I was really disappointed when I got the product delivered. Now coming to the handset, itz a fantabulous cellphone made by samsung ! Moreover, I got 4.1.2 Android Jelly Bean OS out of the box and was really very happy seeing that. But the only cons. of the phone is that sometimes it lags like hell when 2-3 apps are active and it shows the message "you are running out of ram" ! I just ca'nt understand that why the applications in this device eats up the ram like hell ! :( Other than this, everything is fantastic n speacially the camera and the display is freaking awesome man !!!!
this is a superb phone frm samsung as it is fully packed with all the features that r required today to be up to date with the world , i hv been using this phone siace 2 days n it even feels g8 at hand looks stylish n is even affordable i bought it for rs 12580 along with 8 gb memory card n a samsung bluetooth
I recently bought the Galaxy S advance phone, I9070, from flipkart .Must say that Flipkart delivered the product within 2 days of placing the order and with a great condition. Kudos to Flipkart....!!! I can say the specs of this Phone is really great and especially the models manufactured in the Month of July (Sold in Flipkart ) as the latest android Version 4.1.2. For the Price of 12500 , You cannot get a better phone with a Dual Core Processer HD Amoled Display, Gorilla Glass and 16 GB Internal Memory . i really woild recommend this phone at this range when compared to Noka 520, 620 or any HTC phones.
Awesome phone!!! I love it since its my first smart phone..got it by yesterday in my hand! After long time of comparison between a lot of mobiles, concluded to buy this mob which is worth for it!!! Only negative point people telling about this mob was 2.3 Android version; but new mobiles of july date coming up with Android jelly bean OS pre-installed. So, dont give second thought...go for it :) And Flipkart service is very nice, I am completely satisfied :)
I'm very choosy & interrogative specially when it comes to gadgets. It took me longer to choose my first Android phone & I'm happy that my patience yielded me a great product. I'm not discussing any technical specification in deep but with the use of 4 days (I highly explore a new phone in initial days), I would say everything is like as an Android phone should be. Awesome Jelly Bean(pre-installed) experience, very good Camera/Audio/Video quality.& moreover the stunning design. Phone (Black Metallic colour)came with white ear phone, haven't got the logic. Great work by Flipkart (as usual) & WS Retailer......Kudos!!!. In short: A superb compliment to the price. If anyone is in confusion with this purchase then I would share that I've searched many other products but no one stands equally good.
Awesome Phone. Got My order on the 4th day of purchase. Satisfactory specs. With amazing camera quality. Got a July 2013 Manufactured Product with pre-installed android jellybean which works geat except being little bit laggy sometimes. But Satisfied with the purchase. Great Work Flipkart and WSRetail :)
flipkart is best phone is dam good sound quality , operating system, look, and other all features are best but dissipointed because battery backup is low but overall its best phone with best price
The Service of Flipkart is Exceptional and i have got the mobile in Chennai within 24 hours of Order. I was in a confusion whether to go for Lumia 620 or Galaxy Advance.When the Price is Reduced , i have decided to go to Galaxy advance as it outsmarts Lumia 620 in all features(RAM,Memory,Battery,Camera) with same price. Pros: + Comes with JellyBean 4.1.2 Installation not 2.3 Ginger bread + The mobile is very slim and the design looks better than displayed. + Good crisp display and Touch is good. + Pretty fast Processor response ,No lags whatsoever in running any Application Downloaded and installed 50 MB app within 5 minutes. + Camera and Video Quality is very Good. + Headset with the mobile is Good. Cons: Not having a good grip while Holding the mobile.
Been using the phone for 5 weeks now. Photos and videos look good. Nice screen. Gingerbread is the only let down. Battery lasts 10 hrs with 3G and heavy usage. Speaker sound, Camera is like any any other phone in the range. No hanging and the with moderate installation and usage of apps.
capable of anything u want to do (in this price range) camera is too good waiting for update it can play really heavy games impressed got my order with in 2 days must go for it in this price range tttttttttttttttttttttttttthhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyooooooooooooooooooooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
flipkart giving it at 13k which is the cheapest price. Best in class GPU, CPU, Display. U get 16 GB memory inbuilt, mali GPU, best games like MFS MW.
Very nice smartphone, with 4.1.2 android version in box. 16 GB internal memeory. Best buy under 13k budget. This time Flipkart was disappointing with delayed delivery and no option for payment through debit card. Though packing was perfect.
i got mah phone 1 and half day of ordering.. thanks flipkart for your fast service.. its a nice phone but a bit laggy.. but who cares when u got a premium Samsung smartphone with 16 gb internal n super amoled display... its looks soo stylish n sexy with 4'inch super amoled display.. i played temple run n subway surfer surfer n many other games but its little laggy. But in 12500 its a great deal...
When the mobile launched it was priced Rs.24000/- now it's a Great deal at Rs.12500/- Specs are great & Flipkart delivered it in 3 days. Sent it completely brand new Samsung company sealed manufactured & Imported in June 2013 thats just last month. I was thinking that as it's an old model so it must be kept in stock for a long time & condition might not be good but i was really happy with a brand new handset with android 4.1.2 already updated. Good Job Flipkart. Keep up the Good work.
I Purchased this phone in the month of may. During the use i Updated it to 4.1.2 . It was very laggy , use to hang every minute. thinking there is a Problem in the phone i went up with replacement. And flipkart replaced the phone with another one. Now , i didnt upgrade it to 4.1.2 after seeing and experiencing and reading reviews that JB is Laggy. otherwise if a New update arrives to this Phone , it will the best Smartphone ever. Talking about 2.3.6 , this phone has no issues. battery runs 1 day minimum and depends. Games play smooth . Just go for it if ur budget is 13k.
The product was delivered fast. It has 4.1.2 Android version. Nice experience. The Phone is really good.
Good smartphone. not for gamers, temple run not running smoothly, 768 ram is not enough for playing games. need to kill other apps to run games., but its a good phone for the current price. , Thanks to flipkart for faster delivery.
HI,I have been using my galaxy S for the last 3 years,i guess this model is more less the same albeit a few minor changes,the phone till now has given me no trouble at all,everything works just fine,yes a few games are laggy but cannot find a better alternative phone in the market at any price point for day to day work,yes other phones that of have a few more bells and whistles which will get redundant over a period of time..but this one is a CLASSIC..PERFECT SIZE+AMOLED+DECENT PERFORMANCE=GALAXY S Micromax and other phones might offer better performance and latest gimicks but i dont think they will last for 3+ yrs in a consumers hand.
Just ordered the second i9070 for my sister after using for about a month. Very nice phone and best part is i got a 4.1.2 JB upgrade straightaway from Samsung Service Centre. Beats other similar priced options with its features and specs. Pros : Fast processor, sufficient RAM, More than sufficient internal memory (16GB of which 11 GB is available). SAmoled display is great. Games like temple run run without lag, Touch is smooth. All required sensors. Cons : Camera is OK (good pictures in daylight), Some lag in screen rotation (you do not get immediate response and at time i have to rotate screen twice to get the rotation- may be something to do with my phone settings, planning to get it checked), Touch is not very sensitive--does not recognize fingertip touches (please comment if this is caused by screenguard). Overall highly satisified with my purchase--got the first one at 12.5K from another site and for second one, FK was selling at the cheapes rate. About FK- not sure what is happening to the logistics. I ordered the phone online and got a mail stating that delivery will be done in three days. Few hours later i called up customer care to confirm and surprise--they say there is no order whereas i could see the order details on my screen. On further probing they agreed to check on it. Next day i got an email stating that the delivery date is suddenly postponed by a week without any explanation. Still waiting for the delivery. Hope it was not a bad decision to buy from FK for saving extra bucks. May be i should have ordered from the earlier retailer. Will post and update in a couple of days
Once you update to JellyBean this is the best phone in 10k-18k range. Pros: 1. Lightweight and thin 2. Good display. Its no IPS but SuperAMOLED is pretty nice. 3. Good specs - dual core, good RAM, good graphics. 4. If you watch movies on phone, its very lightweight and the blacks are very good in the LCD. 5. Cheap - I got it for 12.8k. But prices fluctuate because of the dollar rates. 6. Decent camera. 7. 1.3 mp front camera. Only one in this price range. Cons: 1. Battery could have been better but still it lasts 1 day on 3G unless you watch too many youtube videos. 2. Samsung packs too many bloatware which keep running in background and eat up RAM. Try rooting and uninstalling those crap. 3. Faced a network issue when doing calling voice call after I ran a torrent download on 3G for about 8-9 hours. Restarting fixed it but something in network chip could be in disarray since it never happened with my old Galaxy Y. Not sure whether issue was with airtel, voice handling chip or the data handling chip. Make your own judgement. Overall: If you really like smooth UI (and cannot do with a couple of milliseconds of 'android' lag) and can live with internet explorer (ew!), go for Lumia 620 but otherwise its the best phone in this range. And upgrade immediately to JellyBean if you buy this phone - the Gingerbread version is horrible.
first of all thanks flipkart for the delivery & not making me wait for the phone.... i have been using it for one month & i have upgraded this to the latest android version....& this is working as smooth as ice when i purchased it was 13999 ....in the stores of reliance, big bazaar, kroma ...the same set is available not less than 18k ....the only thing i am facing problem is when the device records hd videos at 1280*768 pixels the camera appears to be sticking & frames are lost & cut .....but no problem when you reduce the recording pixels to 480p .....all & all a nice phone & looks great in hand .
I've had this phone for nearly a week now and I must say I'm floored. Seriously, the first time I saw this in the shop, I wasn't convinced because (i) the first thing that comes to mind is "poor man's iPhone", (ii) I had been told it was discontinued by Samsung, so the few pieces left are being pushed by shopkeepers like anything, which made me skeptical about the merits being claimed. Right from the beginning though, I knew that there were two things about this phone that were going for it as far as I was concerned: the 16 GB internal space and the Mali400 GPU. I wasn't so sure about other things, such as if it has enough RAM and if the CPU is good enough. Sure, specs on paper look good, but to tell the truth the only reason I bought this instead of Galaxy Core is the better GPU and more space (perhaps the SuperAMOLED too). Also, I may have considered Core for a minute because it has Jelly Bean while S advance has Gingerbread. i also considered HTC Desire X for the Beats Audio chip in built and the sense interface, but the lack of a front camera in that decided it for me. That, and just 4GB internal space that HTC has. OK, so after one week of use, here's the lowdown on all the features, in no particular order of importance 1. Camera: Crisp, clear images in adequate natural light, as close to a point-and-shoot as it can be. With flash, not so good, the lighting gives the picture a 'dirty' look but I guess that's just because I can't use it properly. Will learn. Lack of dedicated camera button takes some getting used to for a lifelong Nokia user. :D The front camera is 1.3 mp, better than the VGA camera on most others in this range. 2. RAM: As it turns out, 768 MB of RAM is more than enough to run this, at least when running GB 3. Processor: While Galaxy Core also has a dual core, I later got to know that it has A5 dual core, while S Advance is sporting an A9 dual core. Zippier, has more juice. 3. Display: Super Crisp images. 233 dpi display better than Galaxy Core and Grand Quattro. Also, SuperAMOLED vs TFT LCD. 4. Sound: Great punch in the in-built speakers. Clear mids, clean Bass. I don't regret that not buying HTC Desire X. Headphones provided with phone are excellent sound-wise. However, after using the WH-701 that one gets with Nokia 5235, there just don't seem to be enough buttons on the Samsing earphones. You can just press a button to take an incoming call. No music controls, not even volume, or a simple play/ pause toggle. 5. Gaming: Well, this was the one thing I really expected, and so far I must say it was better than I thought. This phone tackles HD games such as Modern Warfare 2 HD, Contract Killer 2, Wild Blood, ShadowGun and Dead Trigger with such ease, I suspect its housing a PS3 chip somewhere. Mali400 is great. 6. Interface: Touchwiz rocks as far as I am concerned. Runs smoothly, looks great, has plenty of room for aesthetic customization. I'm still new to Android so I'm taking it easy. I do wish it had been JB or at least ICS out of the box, but nvm, i'm gonna upgrade it pretty soon, before i really start loading it with apps ;) 7. Battery: 1500 mAh battery, smaller than some other phones if you just wanna look at the numbers. However, the s advance is very energy efficient.
I ordered this phone on 7th of July 13 and got after 3 days the the phone is really good.. all d technicalities ppl have stated before me in their comment. i get battery backup for more than a day at times dependin on d usage of apps.. i love it.. :) Regarding the delivery of product FlipKart's services are really good, the packing was intact. anyways the phone s great.. .Also i got free gift Philips 2 GB Mp3 player which also a good value for money....
I got dis phone in discount on flipkart, far less dan its market price. It provides all facilities of a android phone. Whats missing is d zoom option 4 camera bt i heard dat prblm is resolved wn d android version is updated. Front camera is really gd, especially 4 dis price range. If u dnt want to compromise n want a mobile in budget, dis is d mobile to go for.
the phone is really good.. all d technicalities ppl have stated before me in their comment. i get battery backup for more than a day at times dependin on d usage of apps.. i love it.. :) Regarding the delivery of product FlipKart's services are really good, the packing was intact. the only problem was with the courier service they did not intimate me or deliver it. anyways the phone s great..
The hardware is fine for the price point, but the performance is BAD. The phone hangs very frequently, multitasking is painful. Battery life is as per standards.... Touch UI: I'm guessing that the UI is the same for all Samsung Android Phones with some tweeks. I need to say that the UI is complex ...you will need to go thru a number of touches before you get something done. I was n HTC user, and the sense UI is simply SUPERB!!! It was very intuitive and had a number of shortcuts to get the task done quickly. e.g., in HTC when you select messages or email, automatically you get a pop-up in the bottom asking you if you want to mark it unread, delete or move. In Samsung, you need to click on option icon and then choose what you want to do. Overall, I'm regretting shifting from HTC to Samsung.
Hi. I bought this phone about two weeks back and so far its going pretty good..i'm quite happi...it does'nt hang or even lag when i play games like temple run oz, etc. The graphics and display are quite impresive, ofcourse since it is a super AMOLED. The camera is also pretty good and clear. Another plus point being other phones in this price range have either a VGA secondary camera or no camera at all and this phone coming with an impressive 1.3MP secondary cam. This phone comes with features that other phones in this range have not even seen. In short i am quite satisfied with this buy.
Got it yesterday...awesome device... Good Graphics.. Superb..Picture Quality.. Very light... Good touch... Fast processor... Awesome Look... No Lugs... Superb.. Sound... Camera Zoom...missing...... Any way... A Good buy...
Its a gud phone, it comes with 2.3 gingerbread but u can update it to jelly bean officially, i m luving it, the touch response is just woh, and this can be updated to the 4.1.2 jelly bean trough kies pc in india. To update it just install kies in your laptop or desktop and u must hav a internet connection to ur laptop or desktop. Now open the kies application on ur laptop/desktop (which must be connected to internet) & then connect ur phn to the laptop/desktop, when u get connected to kies wait for sometime u then u will see tht in ur laptop it will show tht ur current firmware and an updated version firmware, then click on the update firmware option over there. it will take around 30 min to get updated. After ur phn gets rebooted automatically u will find ur phn with a new firmware updated with great graphics and more features than u had in ur previous version firmware.
FIRST OF ALL THANKS FLIPKART FOR QUICK DELIVERY OF THE PRODUCT AS USUAL. I AM BEING CUSTOMER FOR LAST ONE YEAR AND BOUGHT MANNY ITEMS AND FLIPKART MAINTAIN ITS NAME BY GOOD DELIVERY AT COMPETITIVE PRICE TAG. COMING TO PHONE I THING IF YOU ARE PLANNING TO BUY A SUB 15 K PHONE THIS IS THE PHONE FOR U. IT WAS LAUNCHED IN LAST JAN'2012 AND TILL NOW IT IS HAVING BEST SPECS AND PERFORMANCE COMBINED IN THIS PRICE TAG. PRICE DROPPED A HUGE. I THINK FOR BETTER HANDLING DO NOT DO ABOVE 4.5 INCH SCREEN.4 INCH IS MORE THAN ENOUGH FOR ME. ARM DUAL CORE 1 GIG PROCESSOR IS JUST SMOOTH. TEMPLE RUN, SUBWAY SURFER,ANGRY BIRDS ETC PLAYED SMOOTHLY EVEN AFTER JELLY BEAN 4.1 UPDATE. USE KIES TO UPDATE THE FIRMWARE AND ALWAYS FACTORY RESET BEFORE AND AFTER INSTILLATION.AFTER JB UPDATE U WILL GET GREAT INTERFACE OF JB. USER RAM GOES TO 650 MB,USER MEMORY(SD) WILL BE AROUND 12 GB.JUST GET GOOD SCREEN GUARD AND BACK COVER AND UR PHONE IS GOOD TO GO.WIFI AND 2G,3G SPEED ARE ALSO GOOD IN THIS PHONE. BATTERY WILL LAST WHOLE DAY(THAT U CAN EXPECT FROM A ANDROID SMART PHONE. OVER ALL A GOOD DEAL IN SUB 15 K RANGE. GO FOR IT U WILL NOT REGRET. FUR BETTER THAN MICROMAX CANVAS HD. I USED BOTH SO I KNOW THE DIFFERENCE. !!!!!!!!!!BRAND MATTERS.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Indian jellybean is out i have updated yesterday and it works fine till now,so just chill all is good but 768 ram is little slow in jelly bean it seems lots of services is working and u cant even stop that,but it is ok for me
the gps does not work...keeps on searching for gps signal...lags when updated to jelly bean....good looks....my chat3222 had a better sound card than this...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
I am amazed to see the working of the magic of Flipkart. I ordered the phone on sunday 23 june and got it in my hands on 25 june. The warranty and bill were inside the pack. Now the phone review... I would say that the phone is what it stands out to be... currently running android GB 2.3.6 and with internal 16 gb that is huge for me.. wifi working bluetooth working , and phone is light.. screen is big for me (first time on a touchscreen and also a 4 inch screen). To say ,the phone is just it.. The camera and front camera are all well working and functioning great. Currently I am setting up the phone and installing an update for samsung account using 3g. The inbuilt android browser I used is a slow one I guess. The battery was a charged one which I stuck into it.. The phone's edges are also not so pointed.. so all in all it is great to hold it.. The back cover is a plastic and feels flimsy but I am not going to play catch catch with it so fine by me although it should have been better.. All in all I am a satisfied customer...
To start with: I previously had Samsung Galaxy Ace & I wanted an upgrade but within 15K budget. Checked out lot of phones from Sony, Nokia, HTC but somehow Samsung Galaxy Advance S grabbed my attention like none. It had everything I was looking for (would have loved it more if RAM was 1 GB - still manageable) but I went for for it probably because of the wonderful experience I had with Samsung in the past and it fulfilled all my desired specifications of a phone I was looking for. By now you must be aware about specifications of the phone & at this price the phone provides latest Android OS i.e. JB. And ya, you should upgrade to JB in order to enjoy this phone to its best. This phone was launched last year around April with almost double the price. In one year the phone doesn't become out of date specially when you get official upgrade to latest OS and has all the features of the phones selling at similar pricing currently in the market. It has been more than a month so far I have been using this phone. So far it hasn't disappointed me. Would recommend the product. Totally worth a buy!
I bought it on the 1 St week of June...Its really great going.. Disappointing things are: 1.RAM is not 768MB its only 555MB.. 2.No other sensors except proximity Sensor... 3.Camera quality is just above avg. Accepting Factors are: 1.Beautiful Battery backup. 2.Got Jelly Bean Update. 3.Good user Interface. 4.Nice sound quality. 5.Good value for the Money. And many more...:) Go for it....:) 4.5 out of 5
i got my s advance a week back and its great at the given price every thing is fine regarding the phone. not yet upgraded to jb. best phone for a mid range My advice is not to buy too costly phone which we dont use more than a year or two.
Ordered on 10th June. Received on 13th June. This was my first online order :) Now about the phone. 1. Perfect screen size (not so bigger or not so smaller) that can be handled with one hand easily. 2. Nice curve shaped screen that makes it different from other phones 3. 1 GHz dual core Cortex-A9 processor and Mali-400MP GPU which makes the all over device performance as well as gaming experience the BEST at this price. 4. 768 MB RAM is sufficient (1 GB could have been appriciated). 5. Official indian Jelly Bean Update (DDULP8) is great. no lag, you just need to wipe the data once after upgrading to Jelly Bean. 6. Battery is the same as other android (or even iphone), but it is sufficient. 7. S-AMOLED screen is great for viewing experience. 8. Earphones performs great with Jelly Bean music player (with 7.1 surround and rock Music Alive). 9. Its 5 MP camara is far better than Canvas HD's 8 MP camara (Brand always matters in case of quality :D ). 10. 2 GB internal storage for application which is more than enough and 11.38 GB for storing other stuff which is the unbeatable feature of this phone at this price. These are the 10 reasons to buy this phone. Just Awesome... Please get it before it gets out of stock :)
It is great phone with great hardware configuration like:- dual core 1Ghz processor, 400 malli graphics, great touch screen(which is some 4 inch), sleek look and good primary camera, and almost good secondary camera, and it could improve in:- it has android 2.3,it could have been android 4(jellybean or ics), it seems to lag little bit when upgraded to jellybean works better in android 2.3 it is very slippery ,you definitely need to buy a cover for it its battery life is not so great but is okay with that hardware.
Just today i got d delivery of this mobile from flip kart. as usual it was nice delivery. thanks to flip kart and Samsung.. this mobile looks so nice and i shall suggest it is good one to buy in mid range... looks... no challenge finishing... fine
Firstly, I should appreciate the seller 'WS Retail' who in fact delivered my order on the day it was supposed to be dispatched ! They maintained flipkart standard ! Coming to product description, within 2 days of getting the product, I got it upgraded to latest android OS Jelly bean at Samsung service centre for free ! So I don't know what could have been the difference (in terms of bug fixes etc) between current and old OS, but 1 thing I observed is that the battery performance got increased. Samsung has always been to known for providing best camera quality in mobile phones and they maintained it here too. Excellent pics and HD video recording. I recorded a Video which was just 2 mins video but its file size was 250 MB ! The video quality was really excellent. This phone was 25,000/- when newly launched in market last year. I bought it from flipkart last week for 13,500/- where other physical/ online stores displayed it in between 15,000 to 19,000/-. So keep in mind one thing, you are going to buy a mobile that WAS 25,000/- now for just 13k - 14k. Which is of course upgradable to latest OS Jelly bean. Internal memory was around 12 GB (excluding system used space). Only drawback is its not Dual-Sim !! However, considering the effect a dual-sim SIGNALS causes on health, you may prefer to adjust in this 1 aspect and prefer this. Over all, I would recommend this product to my fiends and grab it before the stock is over else you may regret later, as Samsung stopped manufacturing this model !.
I have been using this smartphone from almost 2 months.Other options that I had considered were Xperia U, HTC desire X, Xolo Q800 but finally i went for this phone. Xolo one is a good option to go for but as for me I hesitated bcoz of the Brand. Desire X is also a good option but it was available at higher price almost 2000 more so I went for S advance. Now coming on the hands on xperience of this smartphone. For the first couple of weeks I was fully satisfied with this phone but after those two weeks it started showing its colors. The main problem with this phone is Network issue.Many a times the signal strength is being shown in notification bar but the network is not available.And this can be known only when one will use his mobile data or make a call. Unless you do these think u wont be able to know that there is no network.And because of this network problem I have missed many calls. But now since i have changed the network settings so this problem is minimized but it still persists and disables the network at times. This is the problem of the phone and not of the network. So if anyone is facing this problem then go to settings-wirless and netwoks--mobile network--network mode.Set the network mode to GSM only. Other things about the phone is good. Screen quality is just awesome in this price range. User Interface lags in Dialer, SMS n phone book. other than that its very good. Processor is good and has a strong graphics. Can play high end games without any lags except sometimes. Camera quality is decent. There is HD playback n HD recording. Battery back is average.Not very good. For me it lasts for 15-18 hours on 1 charge with mobile data always on, browsing for 45 mins to 1 hr, gaming from 45 mins to 1 hr, 1/2 hr calls nad usage of Sms n different apps for almost 1 n 1/2 hours. Internal memory of 16GB is sufficient.I have kept 5 movies varying from 700MB to 1.3 Gb and still there is 7.5 gb left over. Internet speed is nice. Sound quality is good on speakers but its not verg good in the samsung handset.So I have been using Philips She headset in which the sound quality is very good. All in all an average smartphone Bcoz of the network issue. Otherwise its one of the best in this price range. And one advice for S advance users- PLZ dont upgrade to JellyBean as it is lags very much. You can google for that and many people are complaining about Jelly bean update.Works much better on Stock GingerBread.
Super AMOLED, 3/4th GB RAM is good enough for many if you don't use very large applications or games. Good battery back up. Good sound quality. Don't upgrade to Jelly Bean just because you have option and its free; it will make your mobile so sloggy that you never expected! Just buy without any confusion.
I brought this phone and immediately upgraded to jellybean.it is an awesome phone with almost all features of S3.Jellybean has enhanced the performance like anything.The front and rear camera quality are very good..The Amoled display is a very big add on.There are too many features in this phone waiting to be displayed.Rocking performance.A must possess.
Hi im from Argentina i recommend Jelly bean Indian Rom for the I9070 , i have tried several, German, brasilian and Indian. The one that works perfectly fast, lo lags, no frizzes , is the Indian. If you try it will note the difference!! Wish i could help you!!
Wow!! Flipkart is the best and i love the phone ;) Its really a awesome smartphone which is smooth,clear display,good performance and you know.....!! Again Hats Off for Flipkart and Samsung ;)
Guys just buy it.............best phone. alround performance is pretty mush above good Display + Cpu + Gpu + Touch Sencesivity + Update(Jelly bean 4.1.1)available + Camera + Ram + Battery - bt ita all same in case of android phone.................. so don't think and waste tym............go and get it for urself.....
This phone has an amazing display and is very light. It still runs Gingerbread and has no update available for India. But some reviews suggest that an update for UK is available. Haven't checked on that yet. But still with the Gingerbread it's nice and fast. The AMOLED display is great and the dual core is great to use. It is very fast and responsive. Overall, a very good buy for this price.
First of all, I would like to give 1 star to flipkart/seller for the "delayed delivery of product" It took 5 days to deliver the product from the order date. Also I was not getting correct information from the customer support. Now I have got the delivery, but still the website status shows that "Out for delivery" (Which I think should be updated) For Samsung Galaxy S Advance : ***** (5 Stars) ******* Got this for Rs. 12,825/- (via WS Retailers) - Displayed price : 13500, got additional 5% discount. Current displayed price is 14500 from different vendor) ****** ************ A Superb phone from Samsung !!! **************** I am *** totally satisfied*** with this handset. Its very descent handset with great looks and fluid performance due to 1 GHz, Dual Core Processor......... Really impressed with its super AMOLED screen which gives you very smooth touch & display experience. It consume significantly less battery like AMOLED but give better view in direct sunlight compared with AMOLED Displays. As of now, it shows 11.31 GB of total available USB storage space (Will hardly need SD Card) and 1.89 of System storage which is enough for the most of the apps. It shows 555 MB of RAM, heard that it will increase ones I update to JB Camera : Quality of picture is very good as compared with other 5MP camera.. It has flash (which allows you to take photos in low light.) and front camera as well.. Very slim, easy to carry.. perfectly fits in hand and pocket...Screen size is not so big, not so small Supports DLNA, using which you can stream video from your DLNA phone to your DLNA TV via WiFi. Getting excellent internet speed as well ! (Only tried 2G) More reviews as I start using phone... *******Overall******** : Excellent Phone at this price ! Grab it before it goes out of stock, since you might not get it in local store as they say it is discontinued...
I placed order on 4/8/13 and got it on 7/8/13. Thank you flipkart and the seller for the fast delivery. This is the best brand phone below 15k and S advance is an s2 mini. It has a 16 gb internal memory and super amoled display. There are some 4 or 5 difference between s2 and s advance but s2 costs double that of S advance. I am sure that this is the only phone which give this great screen for this amount. I used it for a single day till now so will update my review after few days PROS: 1. Super Amoled screen is not available for any phone in this range. 2. 16 gb internal memory. Cons: 1. The physical button at the center feels uncomfortable, a capacity touch would have been great. I think its same for all samsung phones. 2. It would have been great if the design is exactly like S2. The small curve on the screen feels weird(but no issues, actually not a con) 3. Headphone jack is at bottom right. Typing listening to music feels very uncomfortable. 4.The charger cable is non detachable from adaptor unlike modern chargers, as its an issue for me as I have to use the 2nd cable to charge from PC. (not a serious issue) UPDATE 1: 1.It requires some 3.5 hours to charge 0 to 100 percent. I have to keep it charged at night to get it fully charged. 2. This is my 6th day of usage, and its painful that multitasking is not that good. 3. Phone hangs while multitasking. UPDATE AFTER 6 MONTHS NOT GOOD FOR HEAVY USERS. SOLD IT AND PURCHASED MOTOROLA MOTO G
hi guys, i have been a fan of Flipkart for heir service for past 1 year and this time also theyy surprised me with next day delivery. so Kudos to dat !! and now about the product, looks are good but deceptive, i had options like HTc desire X, Xperia neo L and canvas HD. but due to brand vakue and the expected JB update i tokk S advance. only after two days my excitement was over. th device doesnot supports multitasking at all. I only started Skype Hangout, Facebook Watsapp and thre it was " FORCEFUL SHUT DOWN " i was shocked and agonised. I tried again next day but same thing happened. I don't know how the aailable 555 MB ram is always populated with 384 MB. Another thing is when i checked for update, there was no update available. agaim disheartened :( now i am feeling cheated after buying this. its well said " sasta roye baaar baar , mehnga roye ek baar "
You Can Find LG L9, Xperia L, Galaxy S Duos, HTC Desire X And LG L7 In This Price Bracket....But None Can Outdo The Combination Of Feature : Performance : Price Ratio This Device Can Give.....To Start Off With..The 4" SuperAmoLED Has Virtually No Competition From The IPS LCDs Of The Competitors...Then Check Benchmarks, Camera quality, Video Recording And Playback Quality and Audio Quality Of The Device From Any Number Of Websites That Has Reviewed This Phone..And Soon You Will Find Out That This is One Of The Most Balanced all-rounder In This Price Range....Sure It Doesn't Have NFC Or 1080p Video Recording....Else This Is The Ultimate Mid-Range Device...And For Gamers...Go Check Out The Gaming Capabilities Of this Device In tons Of Videos Uploaded at YouTube....
Really great experince in buying this phone as it has a huge display and the AMOLED display gives vibrant crisp pictures treating your eyes. The phone comes woth Android 2.3.6 but is fully upgradable to Jelly bean (4.1.2). The Android upgrade happens just like a whip as it does it automatically when connected to PC throu Kies software. While the price in ouside market is 19K for this phone flipkart price is unbeatable with free home delivery. The shipping was done on same day and the phone reached my hands the next day itself. Overall the transaction and the phone features both are satisfactory.
Bought it two days back. This is the third time i am purchasing anything on FK. Great job people i am happy with FK's service. About the phone: Pretty neat, nice build although the back cover is way too thin. BTW i am upgrading to JB tonight. Will have to see how the phone handles that.
ALL FEATUREZ OF THIS PHONE STANDARD AND YOU CAN'T FIND A GOOD BRANDED SMARTPHONE @ THIS PRICE...............**************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************BEST SMARTPHONE...................................................***************
I am satishfied with samsung galaxy s.advance because of it's design,camera & all.also flipkart delivery is so good...................... Camera-camera clarity is so nice with flash Speed is good............. Nice phone ...........love it..........
I purchased this phone from flipkart 2 months ago..............Its worth than the money...........But I checked the RAM memory,it's only 555MB.....Which is against the product specifications given in flipkart....768MB.........I dont whether I can update to android 4.1 version..........
The phone is well build and with a sharp and clear display .16gb memory, a nice 5mp camera n 1.3mp front camera,sound could have been better but its enough. After update 4.1.2 jelly bean, it lags a little but even S3 lags too so not that of a big problem .the only issue after update is the battery life has became very poor .you have to charge it twice in 24hr. I think this is the best Mobile @ 13K with amazing specs.Go For It.
Updated to Jellybean. And it's working very fast.Excellent mobile with with excellent features. After updating it, you have to resore the factory settings.ie.,Factory data reset. After updating, u can zoom the camera, it will use less RAM .
I'm giving 3 star to this mobile because of its bad speaker. Otherwise a good mobile to buy in this range. Flipkart service is very good again and I'm surprised to receive the product in 1 day. That too on a Sunday!!!
Don't hesitate abut this item.. the price, product, features everything will simply amaze you.. this is really a advance phone..truly satisfied.. Klipkart is becoming the best shopping mall in India.. :-)
Mob with awesome camera and great handling.. till now no problem faced.. Jelly bean update got few bugs so that is making the mob slow its better to wait for next release of JB.. GB OS suits more. Secondary camera is also awesome for video chat and all.. After updating to JB it may hang b.cuz of RAM size..
After using for about and year i am writing ths review . they camera is realy very poor and it dont have zoom feature . camera light is missing ( Not FLash) whn u take a snap it will apear with low brightnes and contrast u hve to edit it. Ram is decent one but some higher graphic game will run for a while but after sometime it will hung up.. youahve to stop it going through task manager. aprt from these two drawback , phone is good for the price of 13500 as i hve purchased in 20k .. if you loking for better ohn go with HTC one v or any othr HTC phn ...
i have been using this phone from one month. the phone is really very nice specially in screen part. the 16M super amoled screen is thousand times better then 20k priced grand, galaxy s duos and galaxy grand quattro. just put all these phone in near and u can easily feel the clarity. the gpu is very good. i m playing frontline commando in this phone without any disturbance. there is no drop of fa single frame. just 1 week before i update its software to jelly bean. i m not satisfied from jb in terms of battery life. my phone's battery life is just decreased 25-30% now. i dont know why. i have reset factory settings several times. bt the problem remains same. please samsung fix this issue. my phone is not giving battery backup of 1 day in normal use.
This is technically qualified phone at affordable price. It provides awesome gaming experience. All the problems mentioned in reviews, like battery drain, heating etc will get sorted after running software/firmware update using Kies application. This update will remove some stock wallpapers and apps like Task Manager It is wiser to wait a while for Jelly Bean update since there are reports that still it has not proved stable.
This is my first android and first touchscreen. Its amazing experience!!!!! Pros: as everyone listed Cons: I feel less battery 1650mAh Would have been great. Regrading the JB update. There are mixed reviews. Some says it lags, some says its like butter. Cant decide whether to go for update or not. Its a really superb device at 13k.
I have purchased this mobile last week it was too gud for its price compare to other mobile......thx for the samsung for giving jelly been update and thx for flipkart for that price.......................
I did not buy this phone from Flipkart however, I have been using it since 9 months. This is a really good for at the current price. Though it still is working at the old gen Android 2.3, it still packs a punch when it comes to performance in the budget section. To top it off the 4" Super Amoled screen is a boon and really beautiful to watch. I have used this phone as a car camera as well and it is quite adept at recording HD video from a moving car even in evening low light. Overall I am satisfied with this phone.
First the price of this product is priced higher than other online sites.. second the product is not available in almost all retail stores as it is a failure... The reason for the failure is that the stock kernel, for JB, of this phone is pretty much a mess, sudden lagggggg and hangs even when not using gpu intensive processes. You can remove it by flashing a custom kernel... Some really good kernels are available at xda... IMPORTANT: Disable google now and other bloatwares that will not use as they are the very reason for hangs in the stock version Other than these cons this is an excellent model with lots of power that u can get for 13k (in other online stores) from a branded company like samsung...
I don't really write the reviews. But when I had to buy a product, reviews were the deal maker or breaker. After two week of usage, this is my take on S Advance. Display: Its simply fantastic, even much highly priced phones like Galaxy Grand is nowhere near it. Build Quality: Definitely one of the best made device in the market. I dropped this phones while riding on the bike, still the phone escaped with just one scratch. Truly Amazing!! This phone has premium feeling which even some of the much higher priced phone lags. Samsung had done a phenomenal job on this. Software: If you are someone who want to have phone for some browsing and little bit of low end gaming, its a great choice. Android 4.1.2 JB will simply blow your mind. Its so much better than its predecessors. However it may marginally slow down your device. On the other side, if you are a hardcore gamer, I guess you must be ready to spend another 12K and get Nexus 4(I would have done that). In fact even a simple 3D games like Subway Surfer, Temple Run 2 skips some frame at times.(but you can always close all the apps, stop battery saving and have a much better gaming experience). However, 2D games are very smooth. Call Quality: The voice is clear and there has been no signal issues. Its the most fundamental feature of the phone and good to see Samsung has not overlooked at it. Battery: It can easily last a day even after a very extensive usage. No complaints whatsoever. Camera: Well, it isn't bad by any mean, but dont expect a lot on this front either. Its fairly decent I must say. Verdict: Well, I am an app developer myself. All I can say is just don't bother yourself by looking at the specs of all the phones. If you want to do that grab a Micromax. Its the overall package which matters. And I must say, if you are looking for a smartphone at any price point and you are not a hardcore gamer, and 4 inch screen size can fill your appetite , go for it.
I ordered it on 09th afternoon and i received it 10th before noon. Again flipkart delivery, packing and timing is excellent. About the smartphone, it is WOW for such a price amoung Samsung. Excellent features for such low price. No problem at all and i upgraded to jelly bean so easily via Kies. I was in a dilemma of getting sony, samsung and htc. But later i found this as the best in Samsung for low cost. Bottom line is SAMSUNG GALAXY S ADVANCE IS SIMPLY BEST
I have been using this phone for 1 and half months... Must say that it is an awesome phone at this range... Well as there are many reviews about the advantages or pros of this phone I won't be going into that. Rather I would like to shed some light on the cons of this product 1. Battery is only 1500mAh... which is insufficient for this phone.... It should have at least 2000mAh to get a decent experience. 2. There are some network issues with the phone when it is running in Gingerbread(2.3.3) but I didnt find any issues once it was updated to Jellybean(4.1.2)... 3. The jellybean update changes the whole look and feel of the phone but it lags more than when it had gingerbread in it... 4. The back plastic cover is really very thin and is made of cheap plastic. I suggest you to use flip cover which will have a better plastic back cover than the original one. These are the problems which I have faced till now, but rest assured this is the best android phone you can get within 15k range if you want to buy a premium brand smartphone. So buyers, please dont get scared with the cons if you are tight in budget.... This is the best phone in this price range... :)
this is the best possible configuration u can find at this price range compared with some quality products giving brands (sony/samsung/htc..) and some reviewer has said there is no xda page for this model - but there is a page in XDA and lots of developments and discussions are done there (u have to search for that) , now android 4.1.2 is officially released for this - update via samsung kies, the only missing thing is USB OTG facility to connect pendrives directly to mobile...
the best part of the phone is that we can upgrade the android version to jelly bean and quite an afoordable price cant ask for more,great phone.moreover it has a secondary camera of 1.3 mp.samsung rocks
worth for price..great performance after updating to jelly bean..overa all a nice product from samsung........................................................................................................................................................................................niceeeeeeeee
Phone is good..Samsung has done a great job! Firstly kudos to Flipkart, got it in 3 days... AMOLED scree...WOW!!graphics are just too good for gaming...5MP camera is great for good picss..DUAL CORE processor is very fast..Build quality - Not pretty impressive with plastics. time for samsung to be better and innovative with the design. ..on the whole decent mid-range phone..go for it
Ordered this phone from flipkart about 10 days ago, received it in 4 days time. The packaging was very secure and nice, top-notch. The phone is just awesome. great features for an incredible price. really a value for money phone. Personally i have never had any network problems till now. Also, the official JB update for this phone is now available, though i prefer not to update it now.....i have heard people complaining that the phone becomes slow after JB update. RAM use is more, lag present, i don't know if its true.... From the features, This is like a mini S2 at 10000 rupees less. I am really happy with the phone. This phone has stopped production in india, only limited stocks available. Go for it guys before the stocks run out. Thank ya flipkart for the awesome deal and great service.
A good phone. I referred it to one of my friend and bought one for my home. I wish I had bought my galaxy S2 from Flipkart. Was tired of Samsung Customer care after the phone had problems in 3 days. Thank you..
This is a great handset specially if you want to gift someone. After couple of days of purchase it received the Jellybean update(4.1.2) via Kies. Now it runs smooth with an improved gaming performance.
Guys we got 2 new S Advance in our home. One for my father(not from Flipkart) & one from flipkart I bought. I admired this cell since its launch and at 23K also it was VFM but my 5800 was very good to change then. Now my Bro also thinking to get this same cell. Speaking my heart out no cell
very good phone superb touch screen, processor,performance,camera clearity everything good. It would have been a really great device, if Samsung has given little more attention to their So call Premium Mid-range Device.
i bought this phone after 2 months research,i feel very happy to get this smart device. 1.awesome HD video recording and movies. 2.wonderful experience by listeing music with headset. 3.exellent graphic card its giving best games experience. 4.eye catching design and very smooth touch experience. if someone wants to buy a well performanced smart device under 15k....blindly go for it.
I bought this phone just 2 days ago and got an update to jellybean yesterday. Its awesome.Finally the much awaited official android 4.1 update arrives to users in India. And by the way, the phone is super cool- great design, solid performance,average camera and great screen.
1. Comes with Android v2.3 (Gingerbread) OS and it's good as compared to windows 8 Os. 2. The touch screen performance is quite good. 3.Battery backup is quite good. 4. Won't give 5 ratings as Nokia has also come with some of the fantastic features same as this mobile in lower price range
Bought this phone 20 days ago. first thing i did was to root, install cwm, install a custom kernel and install a custom rom.! and now the phone runs great. Quadrant score is about 3000 to 3100 and nenamark2 score is 38-40 FPS.! camera is quite slow but takes great shots. pentile matrix on screen looks a little outdated and pixelated.! rest everything is too good.!
The phone hangs a lot and the basic function of the phone to send and receive calls is not fulfilled. It hangs a lot and the screen blacks out. I got the handset replaced, but still, having the same issues. I guess the problem is with the phone hardware. Don't buy, I am facing the issue and would not recommend anyone to buy the phone
I wanted to buy a phone for my mother and decided on this as this is the right size (4") for her. So far she is very happy with the phone and is also very comfortable considering that this is the first time she is using a smartphone (earlier one was Samsung keypad phone) As usual excellent delivery by Flipkart, received the phone within 24 hours from placing the order.
delivery from flipkart was litle bit late but mobile is awesumm.....but the problem is that it doesnt have gorilla glass...update for jelly bean is available...it is one of the best available mobile in the market for this price...
Galaxy S advance is very nice phone. I have been enjoying internet with amazing speed. The screen quality is best. Voice quality is also good. But we cant zoom while taking photos or videos. This is low price phone with high configurations. Just go and buy it. Also very nice service by Flipkart. Thank you Flipkart.
I bought it for Rs. 23500 when it was just launched. The network problem with the phone is massive. Most calls get dropped in the middle. Often the phone goes out of network and does not automatically acquire the network again. It needs to be restarted. Sometimes, even after restarting, the network does not come back. Internet does not work. Same Airtel SIM works fine on my Spice phone. Internet on Airtel is very fast on Spice phone, but dead slow on Samsung i9070. The LCD display started blinking after one month of use which was replaced by Samsung service center in Chandigarh. Now they say, the network problem is because of Airtel 64K SIM. They want me to use another telecom provider. I can't believe this. If Airtel works fine on cheaper Spice phone, why not on Samsung. By the way, this phone is still sold with Ancient Android 2.3 Gingerbread. Better to avoid this phone.
I got the phone very next day(THE best Service you any one can have)... Phone is really good at this price... Update is easily available and it works very good.follow proper steps to install the updates. Really very very good & BEST phone available currently for buyers with medium budget.
my first samsung phone....i was thinking to buy micromax a116 canvas hd but in the last minute i decided to go for this phone i did the right thing..... pros- treat to watch videos in super amoled screen all application and games works just fine phone doesn't lag a bit processor work just fine cons- i'm a heavy user have to charge twice a day no zoom option in camera if u r thinking to buy a phone under 20k just go for it.....it is better then 21k galaxy grand
i am happy to use this mobile good perfomance then galaxy s, but flip cover not included in the box.about flipkart best pricing and fast . i am happy to use this mobile good perfomance then galaxy s, but flip cover not included in the box.about flipkart best pricing and fast delivery
i searched alot about this mobile and found that buying this mobile is great value of money.....this is my 1st time when im buying any precious(maybe not for you) mobile online thats im little worried but this mobile is GREAT.
Ordered the phone on 22nd march and got it on 25th march, kudos to flipkart very fast and efficient product delivery. About the phone, its comes with stock 2.3.6 gingerbread, but after getting the phone i have updated to latest jelly bean 4.1.2 XXLQ4. Temple run 2 runs smoothly no lag. Even Zoom facilty on camera is also added (Upto 4X) For All who owns this phone and want to update to latest Jelly Bean Firmware, Please do a search in Google you will get lot of link which will guide you step by step how to upgrade it. I have done it and the phone works like charm.
awesome phone zoom present. update to jellybean, its great. network problem is very minor, only drops while on train.
This smartphone is one of the best budget as well as gaming smartphones. Well there is no update till this date (official) so you have to use 2.3.6 but its fun. This is packed with the mali-400 which is a decent GPU as well as 11.8 gb usable storage space. I've tried asphalt 7 , asphalt 6 , mass effect , dead space , temple run 2 , nfs most wanted 2012 , and many more latest games and surprisingly there were only some lags in the gameplay other than this the gameplay was quite smooth. If you're looking for a phone under 15k then this is the best one !
I bought this phone after a long research of nearly one month. I have compared several phones like Samsung s duos, htc desire x, Sony xperia j, Sony xperia s, Sony xperia sl, Samsung grand duos & lot more..... I had a long list of phones around 20k. Finally I have decided to go with Samsung Galaxy S Advance bcoz of several reasons... I love designs of Sony xperia series but performance & quality is not upto Samsung. There are many problems with Sony mobiles as they are hanging, restarting, poor battery...... Coming to Samsung galaxy s advance... Pros: *4-inch Super AMOLED display *1 GHz Dual Core ARM Cortex A-9 Processor *16GB internal memory (Easy to install several apps) *768 MB RAM (Easy for multi-tasking) *5MP camera(HD video recording with 1280 x 720 pixels) *Price-Only 14K (Low price with excellent features) Cons: *1500 mAh Battery *No Zoom in 5MP camera *Still no JB update in India If your budget is around 20K, just go for this mobile. I think no other option can satisfy your needs including MONEY. Best for Game lovers. It works without a lag for temple run, subway surfers..etc Meets the expectation of users in Features,Performance as well as Money.....
An bekar phone with decent battery backup. high lag during high graphics gaming and others. RAM is not enough for all type of work, in which the mobile is not capable. Touch is hardly smooth like butter. Performance is great negetively.
I had purchased this phone after nearly 4 days of research, and it does live up to its name! I will not go into the technicalities of the phone, but overall a very satisfying experience so far. Though the phone comes with the stock Gingerbread, the russian firmware upgrade to jellybean 4.1.2 works like a charm, however one word of advice, please do a factory reset of the phone if you are upgrading, else there might me a lag in operation. Games work great, the screen however is a fingerprint magnet, try and invest in a good cover.
A friend of mine had bought this mobile a month ago. He managed to upgrade it to Jelly Bean and it turned out to be a terrible decision. The mobile has slowed down significantly and it just doesn't respond. Camera is worst as always. Don't be a victim of Samsung's cheap plastic devices. Best option is to go for Sony or LG. At least you don't end up regretting (like my friend does now).....
hi, i am using this handset from last 3 three months...Gud and great looking this phone... 5MP camera,16GB intrenal memory,front cameara,hd calling so gud... but other online stores price is low. But the thing is flipkart should be reduce the price..
first of all thanks to flipkart on timely delivery of product.hats off to your service.now the phone is awesome, light weight,installed subway surfers run smoothly without any lag.best phone below 15k.
Best mobile in this price range and Flipkart did it again by delivering this mobile within 24hrs of placing the order. Pros: 1. Sleek & light weight mobile 2. Works with all aps without hanging 3. Have tried most of the games and it works perfectly fine 4. Display quality is good 5. Camera under lights is good but needs some editing when Flash is used 6. Video quality is good under normal lighting 7. Build quality is good 8. Touch is awesome 9. Has good 16 GB of internal memory (Available is 11.3 GB) 10. Wi-Fi works gr8 11. Processor speed is good (Dual- Core) Cons: 1. Battery life is just a day 2. Available RAM is only 555 MB so we have to be careful not to exceed the limit by loading more Aps 3. Ear piece volume is little low 4. Loudspeaker output is also low
i had received mobile in 3 days ,also there is lot of price diff b/n flipkart and mobile store dont think just buy it mobile also had good features with great dual core proce, great phone in this price range 14500 greattttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Please go and purchase the phone right now....if u r thinking for SGS Duos.....just throw the idea right now. really S Advance is the best phone upto 18000 U get it at rs.14500-flipkart.com--best of all the phone is now stopped manufacturing by samsung,so u will get it with range rs-15000 to 21000 In your city.
Firstly great service by flipkart... ordered for the phone on 3rd got it on the 4th... The phone is good... its performance cannot be compared to Samsung Grand or even Micromax Canvas HD.. even the Android OS 2.3.6 is a major drawback.. however in its price range its a very smart choice.. The phone powered with its Cortex A-9 processor and 555 mb usable ram provides a very smooth experience.. I can say that Temple Run 2 works smoothly without any lag... and it is a pleasure to work through all your presentations and Office documents.. Bluetooth is pretty good although I dont have a standard to campare it with.. as well as the wifi... The major feature of the phone is the SUPER AMOLED screen... it is really awesome... The phone has very good viewing angles and a substantial battery life... The screen is also Gorilla Glass.. so better protection.. This as well as the 11.2 gb internal storage and some very good preloaded apps really complete the total package On the whole it is a very good experience and I would recommend this for people who want a decent phone from an established source... however there are plenty of other phones that fit in this price range as well.. including 1. LG L9 2. Xolo A1000, Q800 and X900 3. Micromax Canvas HD 4. HTC Desire X 5. Sony Xperia J However I am a very big fan of Samsung.. their aftersales service is very good.. their products deliver and their phones look amazing.. so i say go for it! :)
After so much of research i found this phone is best among its competitors....Jelly bean upadate of serbian works in this phone....No lag what so ever....But the thing is flipkart , being the best online retailer should drop its price like other stores....
I was very confused between this phone and Micromax A116 HD. 15k Budget. Micromax A116 HD has a better processor and camera. Samsung has a better build, after sales service, longer battery life, Super Amoled screen (major plus point for me - I use GPS a lot and it can be a little difficult to read maps in broad sunlight with TFT screen) and larger internal memory (I did not want to spend extra on a memory card considering 15k was the upper limit of my budget and I need a min of 4 GB storage) but you don't get zoom - one major flaw. Sound quality is awesome. Camera is decent - if you are someone who uses their phone to click quality pictures, this phone is NOT for you. I have downloaded about 10 apps on my phone by far and there have been no lags. Sony Xperia U would be a good choice in the price range of 10-15k as well. Flipkart didn't deliver by the estimated delivery date. It took 6 days to deliver the product and I am located in Mumbai. Quite disappointing as my old orders reached me in less than 48 hours and the only reason I used Flipkart to order this phone (inspite of the higher price!) was (promise of) quick delivery .
I got this product on March 30 2013 from flipkart. First of all i need to thank flipkart for the prompt delivery and the communication they did till the product handed over to me. This phone is very good interms of usability aswell the looks. Pros: ------ 1. 1 GHZ dual core processor. 2. AMOLED screen. Awesome clarity especially when HD videos are played. 3. 4 inch screen for better viewability . 4. Gorilla glass. Preven the phone from getting scratches 5. Better RAM 6. Great camera - 5 MP camera is doing a good job . With the led flash we can take good photos in night cons: ------ 1. Ring tone volume can be more. 2. Android ver is outdated. I think they will release the update soon. 3. Backcover plastic quality can be improved little bit. 4. They could have provide 1800maH battery instead of 1500mAH
this phone is one of the best phone in its range.. now it is available in Rs 14500. erlier it was costly around 20000. but its anroid version is 2.3..which is a old one..& upgrade for 4.1 jb is not available.. so think before you buy.
Mobile: The mobile is very nice. Good looking and BATTERY is the best(charges within 3 hrs)and lasts all day(I use it for watching videos and music and my wifi was on half the time). Touch is excellent and the buttons are highly sensitive. Camera is working good excellent clarity. Sound is very loud and clear. Totally I would recommend this mobile. Shipping: Flipkart shipping process is very fast(I got the mobile in just 24 hrs).
The S Advance also known as the S 2 Lite, is the best Galaxy at the current price. I like it so much that I got 2. 1 for me & my wife ;) Had an Xperia neo V and now using the S Advance, certainly feel the difference that the dual core processor, the GPU and the S-AMOLED bring to the user. If you really know what the Indian compaines are offering at sub 10K or the recent offering of Micromax at 15K, buy it. PS - buy the S Advance before it goes out of stock :)
I bought this phone 2 weeks back.. Thanks flipkart for the quick delivery within 2 days. Everything in this phone is good. But I am facing a issue does anybody have encountered that. I am using 3G services but than too the surfing is not fast and moreover battery drains within a day although I havent installed many apps.
guyz just look at it's os.... yuck... it's 2.3 android... n look it's model.. whch is too decent in front of sony xperia j... sony xperia provides you with jelly bean android which is V4.1.... n this phone is not much slimmer n stylish in compared to sony j... so thats why j stands for JELOUSY...!!!! so guys better buy sony xperia j.... THANK YOU
Modelled after the s2, the S advance is a really good phone. The only other duel core phone at this price range is the lumia 620. However with a higher ram and a bigger screen, this phone easily out strips the 620. It has also got a great amoled screen with high pixel density, that is appropriately sensative and provides very vivid output. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a sub 20K phone.
Features wise Price wise look wise I can say it is awesome phone.... Nice performance...good options...Mainly for budget lovers..it is very good..No other brand providing these many features in this price.... Thanks flipkart for quickest delivery...next day only i got phone... That too zero fee for 6 months EMI...Super....
Didn't even try the mobile with the default firmware. Updated to official Russian Android 4.1.2 XXLPZ Jelly Bean and later to XXLQ4. Compared to XXLPZ, I could see a slight increase in performance after XXLQ4 update. Apps installed: Dolphin Browser, Skype, Whatsapp, Adobe Reader, VLC player and many other. UPs: 1. The Right screen size, if you prefer working on your mobile with one hand. 2. Good Quality camera with flash. 3. Motion sensor can be used for muting etc. 4. Display clarity is very good. 5. Good battery backup Downs: 1. Comes loaded with Gingerbird. 2. Samsung does not have an original flip cover for this model. but there are cheap duplicates available. bought mine for 350 + shipping 3. Display brightness at sunlight could have been better If you need Android phone at this price range and are ready for doing the update yourself, then this is the phone for you. Moreover flipkart gave a 16GB micro SD card for free. If you are comparing with HTC and Sony devices in this price range, have a look at their user review online. Both of them have reliability issues. Features might be same, not better.
I purchased this mobile for my sister, earlier I had purchased LG optimus 2x for myself at a much higher price. A config between low end and high end phone, optimal for a basic user for gaming and browsing. No issues with the phone as of now, sis quiet happy with it. Rating of 4 for the one and only reason because I was expecting a factory upgrade to ICS atleast.
i bought this phon last week .. n it looks n works cool... n awsome service by flipkart .. got d phon in just 2 days afta ordrin it... superb display (amoled display is awsome), most f the games n apps runs perfectly in dis phon...battery is descent.. battery is not much greater as i expected ... only prblm is JB update we we all are watin for d jelly bean... hope we ill get it soon.. nyway its a nice phon to buy for 15 k..am lovin it...AWSOME FLIPKART!! KEEP GOIN!!
got dis product in jst 3 days..it is awesm!! excellent camera..touchwiz interface is jst mind blowing :) AMOLED screen which is much better than any phone in this range.. Dont go wid any product in this range(15K) Dont luk other reviews , jst buy this product..it is super awesome ;) gr8 goin FLIPKART :):)
Awsome phone.. Great service flipcart, delivered it in less than 20hrs. You guys are the best. Its a pretty decent phone with good features at a price range of 14500. Only Con: Gingerbread feels oldie n boring. Samsung should make updates available in India.
Hey Ravi... This zoom feature is available with Jelly bean update. Don't worry.. Updating to the new version of android solves battery and performance problems
I was confused before which phone to buy....Galaxy S duos or advance....bt i went for advacn I totally loved the phone....received it today and its all what i expected :)...Love the design,fast processing,smoothness of the phone,Display is also very sharp and clear! & touch is very responsive..Though i found this phone a bit delicate or may be its because i just got it! Camera quality is amazing so are the features provided in it.
Its a great phone but i've heard and seen first hand tat this mobile has some major network connectivity issues esp. at places where signal strength is low-medium........ Anybody else has that problem....???? Otherwise everything is available at a reasonable price. JellyBean update may come, I hope..... Battery power is average if u use normally for 8 hrs..... Games like temple run,etc runs..... But not at its best....
I want to know that it's RAM Memory is 768 MB, is it enough to smoothly running apps on this mobile, or any hanging problem occurs or not. And after updating OS 2.3 to 4.0 is htere any problem with any function or low memory.
I purchased this phone a couple of weeks ago. As usual, Flipkart didn't disappoint. The phone looks and feels good. The screen size is ideal. SMS and Apps keypad appear large enough to type easily. The sound quality is definitely good if not top-notch. The super amoled screen is definitely robust .I can vouch for that since I dropped the phone once & not even a scratch on the screen :) It's really value for money. I recommend it.
The phone is good. But the battery does not even last for 8 to 10 hours, even though I do not use it much. I keep going to task manager to see if there are any apps running and closing them, but doesn't help. Have tried following different suggestions from the samsung forums, but of no use. Motorola Atrix 2 is a much better phone compared to this.
As expected, build quality and touch responsiveness is awesome. Played Temple Run 2 and didn't notice even a single lag. have to try out other HD Games. Go for it!! The Ginger Bread rom is really smooth. Regarding camera zoom, there are many apps on the Play Store, which provide zoom.
With in one and half day i got the phone...i am just loving it was very happy with the service provided by flipkart must say great work done.. coming to the phone...build of the awesome good specs.. its a must buy phone with in 15k... display is good ..only con it comes with gingerbread...if anyone looking for a phone in 15k range then go for it...
After detailed analysis, Ordered from Flipcart on 1st March & Got delivered on 6th March with good packing.... Overperformance from flipcart.. Committed 11th, but delivered on 6th... Though the phone is stopped manufacturing by samsung, The EYE on the phone is still there with daily reviews in all sites because of phone's capabilities... If JB update will be available this would be top mid range MEGA Smart Phone... @15.5K Exceptional distinct features are below: -Super Almond -Dual Core -Mali400 GPU -16GB Internal -14.4MBPS 3G -DLNA -HD Recording & Playback -Lot of sensors -0 Lag -Phone belongs to I Series (I9070) -Unmatched price tag in Flipcart with 16GB MemoryCard -Pride near to holding S2 @7.5K Less price Better to go for this if you have the plan as per below: -Good Brand-Samung -S Duos(2K Lower) not best -Free EMI -Better & Safe Investment
for those who go for xperia u and sola or any other below 20 k dont go for it .........S advance is the best phones. Every Thing Works Smooth and fine. ANd those who want to update to jelly bean go for uk update
The phone is good with the specifications point of view but the tow backlogs are: 1) Jelly bean upgrade is required in india and in other countries is already released 2) optimum zooming is not there and it is required for this phone compolsury
Befor I got this phone I used Samsung galaxy s 1900 but I lost it when my family was in a pigrim tour. So I purchased Samsung galaxy s advance, I am totally satisfied with . there are some features I am amazed SUPER AMOLED DISPLAY with crystal clear viewing experience AVERAGE BATTERY LIFE around 9 hours with moderate use GAMING EXPERIENCE most HD games works without lag NO LAG FOR CAMERA AUTO FOCUS cons.... GETS HEATED UP POOR BACK PANEL MATERIAL SPEAKER SOUND IS AVERAGE
This phone has some problems like network issues, no option for camera zoom and also photo capture time is very long, i.e shutter lag is more....but at 15500/- only this phone is great...or you can think of sony xperia j...both are good....
v.good phone in this range...internal memory 16gb v.nice :) :) only 1 drawback...no camera zoom... and Need anroid update for the phone..its 2.3..need 4.1 :( Except this all is perfect... or wait for nokia lumia 620,520..............
great display wth super amoled, no network issue, very fast wth 1ghz dual core & 768mb ram, enough internal memery(16gb), call clarity is superbb, camera is really good (both back & front), battery is good enough wth 3g. very handy & luks great. issues: no zoom facility, no indicater for msg or missed call or mail, no dedicated camera shortcut key, no full hd support, samsung UI is not so friendly, after jellybean update i ll give 5*.. but anyways the is really good,go for it
This is an awesome mobile................................... *its touch is good. *its net accessing very good. *gaming is very funtastic. *camera is also good..................we can shot hd vedios. *it has high speed bluetooth too. * but only the deffect is, we cannot zoom the camera but we can zoom the picture (the image which is taken). if the phone is upgraded to 4.1 jelly bean................it is mind blowing............ truely,,,,,,,,value for money.
It's working great but with one drawback that is is sometimes gets hanged and I've to restart the phone. Otherwise excellent phone. You can add many cool apps which works great and u can uninstal softwares at any time. It would have been better if they had provided an antivirus sofware, although you can download and install any antivirus in your mobile at any time. The pack does not provide any mobile cover so you have to buy yourself.
I got this phone a few months back and trust me i'm totally floored by it. A perfect value for money device which sports almost all of the features of a smartphone. All in all a good buy if your are looking for something within 20K budget. Dual core processor(Cortex-A9), front camera(1.3MP...which is far decent for video calling), 4'inch screen does its job quiet well and a good battery which lasts for 8-9 hrs even with heavy usage, if you turn the internet off it surely gonna last for the whole day for sure. Also, there has been an upgrade planned to Jelly Bean which will surely take care of the battery i mean it'll improvise it as gingerbread eats a lot for all the android devices having it. Regards, Ravi Salunkhe
good phone with lot of goodfeatures super amoled displays is really super dont hestitate because of camera is 5megapixels but this camera is far better than any mobiles in this cateogry of 20k budget ,
hey guys i bought this mobile after a long research but now after using it for 6 months here is my review phone looks gud but have a network issue at least in my handset battery is also not as long lasting as it hv been claimed by Samsung nd some users on flipkart gps is also not working though wifi connectivity is gud working speed of the handset is gud touch is also gud and don't know how some ppl r getting their handsets updated i will give only 2.5 points
Bought this phone directly from market. People please don't pay any attention to reviews with complaints (In Nov I booked galaxy note from flipkart but bought it from market as cudnt wait for the delivery. The first sealed piece which was opened had manufacturing defect but that doesn't mean that the particular model as in galaxy note is useless same is the case here few pieces might be defective). So coming back to reviews... I also had galaxy r earlier... After having used three models from samsung I want to tell u that this galaxy s advance is really good. Everything works like charm. Let me clear some rumors... There is no official proof of galaxy note getting jelly bean call the Samsung service Centre if u want... But believe me s advance will be getting the update. If we talk about the competition like HTC desire x in the same range but it has cortex a5 processor but s advance has cortex a9 much better and Mali 400 gpu same as galaxy s2... As far as battery is concerned net is always on 24x7 on the phone... Plus calls of about 2 hours a day... Plus music n few sms and believe me no prob what so ever... Yes I agree that this model has been discounted by samsung so it is a personal choice if want to buy a phone with inferior processor n gpu just coz it is new or used want something which has value for money and seamless performance... And the screen is another fav of mine. I prefer that curved screen over the screen of my note.
+no disturbance while running multiple apps and games +best in this price +better battery back up +awesome super AMOLED display +sexy design +amazing user interface +nice earphone with four different huds -but still waiting for jelly bean update -no camera switch -network issues
i do not know where from some of the people have got information that S ADVANCE will be updated to jelly bean. All the shops selling samsung mobile even samsung smart cafe they say that s advance can be updated to ICS till now. But when i asked samsung service center and also their customer support they said they don't have any information regarding jelly bean update and also s advance can not be updated to ICS. one more thing i have heard that samsung is going to launch S3 MINI in coming months although they do not have official information which will be a jelly bean 4 inch phone priced around 20-22k, other features are also same as s advance so i don't see any reason they will give s advance a jelly bean update.
this phone is the best available in this price bracket... for all the people who think it is a bad phone because it does not offer ics...please take that that thing out of your mind... it is going to receive an official JELLYBEAN upgrade on 24th of January 2013... Pros 16 gb internal + 32 gb expandable super amoled screen(hd with gorilla glass...4 inches) at par with s2(only lags in screen size and RAM) Superb wifi and network connectivity the bend in its shape provides greate ease in typing Great sound supports almost all apps in google play Boot and shutdown is quite quick the ui(user interface) is quite user frienly Cons overuse of plastic i have personally been using this phne for about 6 months and it is great... dont hesitate to buy it...
This is the best phone in this prise range,,go for it guys...it never slows down or hang like other midrange handsets...In reference to the comment about the camera,,,dust is not there at all perhaps it is due to the flip cover I m using but who cares.If u r buying this mobile then plz buy a samsung flip cover for this from samsung or local store...U will not have any problem of dust,scretch all that...thanks Happy new year friends Update-One year has passed and so far I am enjoying this amazing samsung phone...I have updated it to jelly bean and it is working fine.Caution-You should not kill all application through android task manager to get good performance.still recommeded
It was a very good mobile as per my use. It is going to be more quicker and crispier processing from January 2013 as a jelly bean update is coming up for samsung galaxy s advance.It was announced by samsung Germany through their facebook page.
Finally I got the phone thanks to flip kart for their quick delivery. I could not locate this phone in the open market most of the shop owner said this phone is faced out not sure if that was a myth. But after seeing this phone no one in my friends objected to this phone. Everyone was happy that I made a good decision to chose this phone. Waiting for jelly bean update and that would be the real test for this phone. Only thing ...why pure white headset with a black color phone???!!!
Brilliant service from Flipkart. I have ordered the product on wednesday, the estimated delivery was week later. But, i just got in two days. Pros and Cons about the product. This product has all the Pro's as other says Cons the design of the product is not so catchy or attractive. the price is bit costly (but Amoled screen, 1 GHZ pros 768 MB RAM and MALI400 makes it to seems worth) the battery endurance is not so satisfying. atleast one day once you got to plug it. Wifi working fine when connecting to router but couldn't connect my laptop and mobile thru wifi. tried all the possibilities out, still no use. only ginger bread available, ICS update is not there, but not sure that every one saying this can be up-gradable to Jelly bean. There is no magic in the headphones. not so good. On the whole the product is working fine. loving it.
This is nice phone with a Good front Camera. (1)Processor = Both have a dual core processor STE U8500 & Cortex A9 resp. (2) Camera = 5 MP camera (as we all know that Sony is better in camera tech.) (3) ICS update = There is no official announcement for ICS update for SGS Advance i9070, Sony confirms it for their Xperia Sola in Q2 of 2012 (hope that SGS Advance will gate that in future because of 768 mb ram) (4) Battery = battery for SGS Advance 1500mAh & for Xperia Sola is 1320mAh (you'll think that Sony had a lesser backup but the STE NovaThor processor is supposed to be the the world's most Fuel Efficient processor - I hope!! ) (5) Ram = SGS Advance (768mb) has the more points in this segment than Xperia Sola with it's 512mb (6) Display = SGS Advance has the brightest 4.0" superAMOLED 480 x 800 Pixels display & Xperia Sola has 3.7" with same 854 x 480 Pixels(Sony has BRAVIAengine for Crystle clear view ) All in all SGS Advancei9070 is a one of the best phone but not value for money(Rs.24K) you can get a SOny Xperia P in 24K range with better specs.
best phone in its class i'm very impressed with all features .there's a bit overheating problem .before it i was using xperia p.i was a long time timescape user .it was a bit dissapointing as it doesn't come with a ics update as it is fully capable of running ics or jellybean
Felt for the price had pretty good features didnt find any other phone with a front camera for the price. The front face looks pretty premium too. AMOLED display always rocks. Pretty light and slim. Only down side is that its still on Gingerbread but heard Jellybean coming in Jan so keeping my fingers crossed
For 19k price range this is one of the best mobiles in market. Desperately waiting for JB update for my phone. Heard its going to arrive by Jan 2013. Also go check LG L9, as it has some good features compared to Galaxy S Advance in the same price range.
except internal memory and other few things motorola atrix 2 is far better than this samsung galaxy s advance better compare both of them before buying .more over i am fed up with the same old samsung look its really boring after a few weeks and the main problem with moto is that we daont have much service centers in india but that is not a very big problem
Nice phone, I bought the mobile 4 months back. So far I don’t face any issues. + Nice design, display, speed. - Gingerbread(giving old look), if we upgrade to higher version(this will perform Dead slow).Leave it with Gingerbread as is.
SAMSUNG PROVIDES THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE.THEY DON’T REPLACE THE PHONE IF YOU FIND ANY FAULT AFTER 4 DAYS OR EVEN WE HAVE TO STUCK OUR HEAD DAY & NIGHT TO GET REPLACEMENT OF THAT PARTICULAR PART.THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER SEEN
very good phone in this price range... display is crisp n colorful..sound quality is good bt not exceptional..video player is superb n plays almost every file format with subtitles..camera is good but not the best...n yes there is not any network issue...just switch the network mode according to use as 3g signals are weak in any cellphone (including nokia :) there is not any lag at all n good battery backup... my other choices were xperia sola n desire x :)
the phone is a delight with some minor bugs... 1st bug.. I experienced a battery problem which was not a big issue as compared to other phones in this category.. but yeah it could have been better.. 2nd bug.. what the hell is MTP initialization???? I have Punto and its got a USB port to play music .. I dont know why it doesnt play my songs... PLEASE SOMEBODY HELP ME IN THIS... REST everything is super duper awesome.. LOVE THE AMOLED SCREEN... Dual core is satisfying my desire of multitasking... Looks are dashing too.. guys go for this.. 19k is the best buy ...
Very good smart phone at this price range.. Performance is very good.. Battery backup looks not bad at all.. It would be gud if Samsung would have given any other different model like samsung dous. When u compare with Nokia Lumia - this is technologically advanced feature and performance.
what makes it different from similar folks is its steller super amoled display.processor is really snappy.Games run without any issues.I was on the way to buy HTC one V but at final moment I changed my PLANNNN!!!..and bougt dis beast.nd Boy!!..am not wrong
Hi all , just bought Galaxy S Advance. This mobile is looking soo good with its stunning slim look. The functionality is also fast with 768MB RAM, 1GHz processor. Touch controls are very nice and the display is superb. Sound clarity is pretty well. This is a preferable mobile to buy. Anyhow, one disappointed thing is the COST. Its is so high but I really satusfied with this smart phone. Giving 5 stars. Thanks to Samsung :-)
got this phone in 3 days was told 7 great service ,iv been usin samsung note for sum time now but nothing like s advance for the size n package easier on the pocket u know ,since im not an freak in android phones it gets my job done efficiently,its a plus+ from my side,an the people who have shortlisted this phone with others its a blind pick to u anyday so dont wait up go get advanced.flipkarters it wud had been great if u had to ship the accesseries ive tagged along with this phone this is the only flaw i could say
I have been trying to get the original battery for replacing my phone's battery but I am finding it virtually impossible to get it. I contacted quite a few stores in Bangalore and also checked samsungs' estore, it was not there. Flipkart does not have it. One of my friend in pune also verified that he too was not able to get the original battery. I can only see sellers from china/hong kong selling this original battery online but I don't want to take any risk and buy their goods. What is the use of paying so much and buying the phone when you cannot get a replacement battery for this? I would warn everyone to AVOID this phone.
I had both good and bad experience with filpkart . first good one \ 1) Excellent support ..very much satisfied with customer care . 2) On Time delivery . Awesome loved it Bad one 1) when we were purchasing goods we saw SD card is free but never received it .
Samsung Galaxy S Advance i9070 (Metallic Black) Price: Rs.18999 Key Features Android v2.3 (Gingerbread) OS 5 MP Primary Camera 1.3 MP Secondary Camera Support 4-inch Super AMOLED Capacitive Touchscreen 1 GHz Dual Core Cortex A-9 Processor FM Radio Wi-Fi Enabled Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB
Superb phone. I am using it from a month. But let me tell you it feels so royal to have it. Great quality and great performance at 19K. Touch and Looks are very good. You wont get a 1.3 mo front camera at this price. Sony and HTC will give it at range 22K +. I would highly recommend everyone to have it....
Excellent phone (though I wanted to order through flipkart but it showed out-of-stock), I am a guy who is shifting from symbian to android and I must say, the experience is awesome, really loved the phone , with dual core tech. there is absolutely no lag in the phone... Just faced one problem in the phone ( after every call my connection hangs up and after 10 seconds it shows up the signal ) rest the phone is excellent for price of 19-20K
Using this mobile for last couple of days and i'm pretty amazed with the features and capability, my last handset was a symbian but it's time for droid.so decided to buy a new one..found this phone has covered all the basic needs and stuffs for a mid range droid phone. the screen is super AMOLED so no problem for watching HD videos. 1gHz dual core processor and around 786mb is decent combo too. and it's upgradable to jelly bean also. front cam is 5mp ..nice photo shooting for amateur photographers .. got a 1.3mp secondary cam also. So i'll suggest don't hesitate if ur budget is 20k. buy this and i don't think u'll regret after using this handset.
this is a good mobile to compare galaxy s2 best price performance is good battery back up 6 hrs. to use browsing but 16GB internal memory not shown in settings otherwise to connect pc only shown in 4GB USB storage what's happening i don't know anyway its good.
Nice phone i got it 2 week ago for my friend she lost it :( She told it is very good phone she likes it the best part is the disply and the flipkart services.Only one problem in this phone is battery problem due to large dispaly and more appliction.Samsung had annoced and new Android 4.1 is coming for this phone you can upgrade it to lattest.Now again i taking it.
I've just got this phone within 29hrs after the order has been placed. Awesome Flipkart :) About phone.. Galaxy S advance speed is incomparable.. Best phone for 19.5K budget Excellent front camera for Skype calls.. Cheers !!
I haven't got this beauty yet...I was luking for best phone under 20k and i was really disappointed with one or the other cons wit the other phones.....but i finally found the perfect phone which gives value to my 20k.....saw all the reviews on many website....its got really great features like Amoled display,gud camera,better ram,1ghz processor,malli400 gpu which allows you to hav great gaming experience,hd video recording and playback,and many more ....wat else one can expect at this price range...really cant wait ....gonna take it next week .....i'l come back with the personal experience review...
This is a great phone with no network issues at all. It packs a good power for gaming and has a smooth performance.Under 20k this phone has no match yet.Cant ask more for this price.Definately deserve 5 stars taking price and performance into consideration. Pros: Excellent amoled display, smooth performance, Good reception and call quality, Good camera and sound, Good curve design and excellent finish. Cons: still runs on ginger bread.Samsung is expected to update this to 4.1 soon ! i am keeping my fingers crossed. No zoom for th camera but, its okay there are app available anyways.
A very good phone at this price point. I bought this phone for my wife and occasionally use it to play games. She is very happy with it and I am impressed by its performance. Plus points are the Dual core processor, 756MB RAM, Amoled curved screen, all kinds of sensors(except pressure sensor), light weight, good battery life, Wifi direct, etc,. Also, a Jelly bean update is expected in November.
Well, ill have to say that this phone is one of the best phone available in the market. Price: Perfectly placed at the mid market segment range at 20k. Display: Superb display..only retina display is the only better thing available than super AMOLED display. Speed: The phone speed is quite fast and will not let you have any complaints. Camera: 5mp rear camera is of quite acceptable quality and the front cam also wont let u down. The touch: The super sensitive touch will leave applauding the device..it has Corning Gorilla glass for extra strength and thinness. Battery: The only con of the con..typical android battery..but its ok. Overall 4.75/5
I went ahead and bought this phone a week ago..and i was surprised to find that no other handset makers are offering a 3.8 inch screen,super amoled display in this price range.And yes no other manufacturer offers a 1.3 megapixel front camera within the price range of this phone amazingly smart n a powerful device.
I have used this phone for 15 days and i am highly impressed with it. Everything is perfect about this phone....no network issues at all...display is awesome...battery appear to be good though i cant comment on it right now because i have used this phone like a computer for these 16 days but i am sure that it has a good battery life because once i left this phone at 5% battery level and slept and the next day when i woke up it was around 3%...i expected it to switch off. The only bug (which is not a big deal anyway) is that the game Temple Run doesn't run smoothly on the first go...u have to exit 1-2 times and then open it again to play it smoothly. Please find a solution if anyone has it. With Jelly bean confirmed...it's easily the best mid-range phone...grab it quickly before its stock ends For new users, if you are annoyed by the repetitive stoppage of music when you turn over the phone..Go to Settings-->Motion-->Deselect "Turn Over".
the phone is surely the best deal under 20k...mightier than any other ....check out the specs n u ll realize this. battery life initially wasnt good but now its abt 1.5 days with moderate use...not bad.. rest all satisfying for the price to pay...
Really A Great Fast Phone with awesome specs.. Impressive Build Quality and perfect delivery service from flipkart as usual . Awaiting the New android Jelly bean update.. Screen is best for gaming Samsung galaxy s advance Rocks.. :)
Guys, i have been using this phone for a month and trust me its a beauty. This phone is sleek and has got looks. Yes this phone has got the network drop problem but thats for hardly 10sec. And that too can be corrected to an extent if you choose GSM only in Network mode. The second concern could be a camera without a zoom but i have overcomed that by using an App Camera Zoom FX. This is a great app and you can easily zoom while taking pics. So, overall this is the best buy if you have a budget of 20K. There is no other phone with all such high end specs to beat Advance in this range!! And it will soon upgradable to ICS(which i was confirmed by a Samsung store while purchasing) but not sure about the Jelly Bean upgrade..Go for it ! :)
" unknown error by error call back " this is the warning i am getting in my screen when i tried to operate the camera in this phone for the first time . I haven't started using it .... will post more later about the customer service
Just imagine that you are buying Samsung Galaxy S2 with screen size reducing to 4inch(ahem!!! Thats the size of iPhone5), without great camera since its camera doesnt have Zoom, losing 256Mb RAM(Not a big deal for 90% of consumers). As far as I see to it, its an amazing deal. Just go for it. I bought this phone two weeks ago and this is simply amazing. Rumour has it that Samsung is skipping ICS upgrade for Galaxy Advance and is going straight to JB. Whats more required?
dis phn is super ! under 19 k bracket one of d best ones out there in d market..768 mb ram,1.3mp sec cam,dual core cortex processor,super amoled display,jelly bean update soon are sum key features..cant get better than tht !!
Excellent features, great performance and has amoled display which gives good experiences for gaming and videos.. Great phone... If your budget less than 20k , I suggest u guys this phone gives good satisfaction
Have been searching for long for a phone which is this much good at this range. Pros Display: AMOLED Touch: Fluid and highly responsive Processor: Dual Core RAM: Enough Memory: 16Gigs Dual Cam Future ready for ICS Full fledged browser...including flash support. Lagless performance with 200+ apps installed. Good Video Camera Cons: Below standard Still camera Battery drains in one day Overview: Best in this category.
firstly the packing is superb like always.... its an amazing piece and too good, the video call and voice is clear and neat (unless network problem) .The sad part is that the battery runs down quick. Overall a very good and great cell phone.....
i got this phone , below 19000,, its realy nice ,,i m using this mobile past 1 week .no network issues in my phone, it similar to s2 ,, it can play all HD games its pretty much soft nd control will playing games.i m happy //i think currently best smart phone around 19k ,,
Best smartphone available in this price range. Good Processor, Good amount of RAM Brilliant display with Super Amoled Technology Best Camera with 1.3 MP front Camera Overall this will be nice purchase
Awesome phone..working perfectly fine..no network issues.. best phone under 20K.. u can't find all the features with good battery backup in this range..... Don't worry about android 2.3 gingerbread..GB is running on more than 60% android phones..
I bought galaxy s advance 10 days back and since the 1st day I have encountered major network issues with the phone.It goes in Out of Network mode eveytime I hang up a call.It remains in the out of network mode for as long as 15 seconds and then comes back to normal. The samsung service is not efficient and they have already taken 5 days with my phone.They are not agreeing on replacing the phone but are replacing the main board , which is not justified. I hope this problem gets corrected quickly. Otherwise the phone in terms of experience and performance is quite impressive.A good buy at 19.5k.
Guys, Yes, the price is down from 23 to 19.5K, which sound really good for the phone buyers, but guess what would be the reason for the price to go down so much? I'm currently using this phone, I was felt very happy with the features offers, really loved the phone, but then stuck the bad luck again to me, this phone was a brilliant deal till the time network issues hit (Vodafone GSM and Airtel GSM both tries and tested)!! Yes this phone does not work well, losses network after every call and even during call you can see the network bar going down and person on other end is struggling to hear you, this is not only the issue.. it show no network cross bar at time and you needs to restarted, or make it to flight mode then change back switch off the flight mode to pick up network again. What’s the use of a phone which cannot connect you to Internet to check FB or Google or even make your phone not reachable when your in main city network area. If you are a traveler, then forget that you will get the network back when you reach next city. Please restart phone once you reach your destination. There is "NO Zoom In" option available to click photos with camera. 2.3 Android works well no complains on that, but you still have to wait for ICS to fix the camera zoom in on this phone. My back luck was that I brought the phone without reading the reviews on the Samsungs main website!! Before this I had Apple I3 which was from US which lost network because of jail garage improperly done and I used Nokia C-6-00, another model with good features but no RAM and no good processer this phone also use to loose network. Please do read more reviews on the Samsungs main website to know the true colour of this phone. It was not repaired or replaced by Samsung service centre but refunded complete money to one it’s customer, I was not so lucky. Buy any other phone but not this one with 19- 20K in hand. I’m still stuck with this phone (Mind it - I brought this phone @ 23K).
Galaxy advanced is a phone with complete features. You will hardly miss any thing. Good and fast processor, great looks , 4 inch AMOLED screen , decent camera with good flash, front camera, good touch and many more features. Official launch of Android V 4 OS in this version will make it even better. Happy to use this phone. It is priced little high but a good buy.
Bought this phone a week back. Felt it good in hands.Its bit pricey but still its a good phone with good finish which resembles iPhone 3gs. Loving it.
thank god i bought Galaxy R for 21k just before it was stopped... Advance costs 3k more but has less RAM and Screen Size(4") than R(4.2").. only upgrade in Advance is Amoled display besides R got Super LCD which is pretty good unless u decide to watch a movie or video under sun.. & Samsung has promised ICS for R which i've been waiting for a long time :( so if u went quick software updates,it's better to go for Sony or Htc.. i recommend htc phones though
Its a younger brother of S2 with no less features and performance but lesser screen size of 4 inches which is in fact an improvement as it is more comfortable to operate single handily. Shape is modified to make user grip friendly. Dual core processor with decent battery life. AMOLED screen adds to its charm. Best phone for this price. Far better than Xperia Sola and P because Sony has very degraded battery and no Screen superiority as that of AMOLED. Moreover the pompous body of Xperia phones is edgy and not at all comfortable to hold and put in pocket- such edges soon fade leaving behing inner plastic material which looks cheap and old. Samsung S Advance is Time tested and user compatible product and Android v4 will make it the undisputed leader.
the phone is good but be careful as galaxy s3 is round the corner it is about to be realeased in may 2012 usa and its advance booking has also started so plz be careful if ur budget is fixed to this stage then try considering new se xperia series + one v + and other htc smartphones which also serve as eyeturners eg evo3d sensation etc... BUT IF U STILL WANT SAMSUNG PHONE WAIT FOR GALAXY S III
