MOBDHJTMJZYMHZNG
i have been using the phone for more than 1 month and this phone impresses by its quality and features at the price of 8k ,flipkart has overpriced it in market it is available for 8100.this phone has jbl headphones which is worth 1500. so u pay only 6600 for phone. *built quality is really good. *the screen resolution and the pixel density is good and vibrant. the touch is butter smooth and it does play 720p videos and movies very well.The display size is 4.5 inch which easily comes in ur hands and also gives u experience of big screen. *it has a 5 mp rear and vga front camera for video calling. the camera quality is great outdoors but ur low light imaging is average but it has flash for it .whereas the flash is not as bright as of samsung but good enough. 720p video can also be recorded. *it has 4gb internal memory 2gb is user available and 503 mb for apps but micromax has recently added a feature of moving all apps to memory card in its all new canvas phones. this is blessing for a gamer. i myself use 16gb class 4 memory card for it and install alot of games like temple run 2,subway surfer, blood and glory ,virtua tennis ,six guns,death trigger,frontline commando ,nfs most wanted, GTA 3,real football ,iron man 3 ,mass effect 3 etc. at the same time.these games play with almost no lag due to a good gpu. *one the problem is ram of the phone which is 512 mb and u get 180 mb free which enough for multi tasking and games but after using the phone the whole day u the ram gets occupied and only 80 mb is left which starts giving u lag on multi tasking but no effect on normal usage. so best way to rectify is to use ram booster app or restart ur phone once a day for best experience. *internet browsing experience is good and fast and all sensors and wifi work well. *music thru the loud speakers of the phone is good and thru the JBL headphones is great & u will love it. *the battery backup average but not poor , it easily lasts a lasts a day on normal to medium usage. for better batttery backup drain ur battery to zero and charge it once 2 weeks and use juice defender app. please donot compare the battery backup with ur old java and symbian phones. all smart phone donot give good battery backup. before i was hesitating to buy a phone from micromax and was planning to increase my budget to buy lumia 520 or galaxy s duos but now after using the phone im fully satisfied with IT.
Best phone for this price range as you will also get a jbl headset worth 1800 rupees. I have been using this phone from 2 months. i didn't faced a problem till now. Coming to it's features -> Camera: takes excellent pics in day light but not in night time as flash is not upto to the mark. it has auto focus,panorama,HDR features. Can take 720p videos. secondary camera is 0.3mp. ->Display:it can play 720p videos without any lag in MX Player but cannot play 1080p videos i simply love the display. ->Storage: 503mb is available for apps and 2 gb for user but you can move your apps to sdcard. ->Os: The android OS 4.1.1 which comes with this is little buggy(not a big issue). so go to micromax service center where you can get the improved version of this OS 4.1.1 ->JBL headset: sound clarity and Bass is awesome ->Ram:512mb so this phone is not for gaming generally 80-150mb will be free if you have a few apps(10-15). ->Screen size: 4.5 inch ->Battery backup: average. it lasts for atleast one day for me. i use internet for 1-2 hrs,games 1-2 hrs,music 1 hr and calls. Standby time is Good. ->Look and finishing is good viewing angles are not good. install apps like clean master to improve performance of the phone it i give 5 out of stars becoz at this price i am getting these features with a JBL headset.
Hai friends !! Especially looking for Micromax ..I bought this mobile for a 1 month ago Exactly, there is no complaint and also i would like to tell about fake comment , what it means somebody says during charging the mobile it work automatic& Touch Un-response,You people have to understand this one ..,if you are using the samsung or some other branded charger it wont support their INPUT Current voltage .., *Having Good Speed during booting the OS.,Mostly all of the apps supported from GPLAY *No more Hanging issue if you aren't an apps mental * Compare all other Canvas this One having LOW phone storage (502 MB= FOR APPS INSTALLATION) That more Enough if you are going too much APPS .., you can MOVE your apps into External Memory * In this Canvas Series Real Music You'll get it From JBL tats 200% true *All mobile are good in MICMAX, If you are music listener Don't Miss it >>>>>>>>>>>
A good phone from Micromax. At first i was bit hesitant for going to a brand which is not much renowned like samsung or HTC . But to say now , i am satisfied to a good extent that i have not wasted my money. The JBL headphone that comes with the pack is exceptionally good. PROS: 1. jELLY BEAN version of android OS is far too enough for installing all the necessary apps. 2. 2GB of user accessible space. 3. Videos captured using the camera are better than expected. 4. JBL headphone inside the pack has proved that the phone is worth buying (cost of headphone rs1400-1600 so the cost of phone is just rs7000) 5. 4.5 Inches hd display is really good for watching videos . 6. No metallic finish anywhere in the panel and this eventually ensures the panel will not get scratched. 7. The look and physical build quality is really catchy. CONS: 1. The real problem is here, the battery standby of the phone is just one day. the reason is because the battery provided is 1800 mAh which should be 2100 mAh. 2. The live wallpapers will easily drain the battery dry in hours. 3. The apps installable space is limited to less than 500mb. 4. The micromax headset that comes along with the phone is not of air lock type.if listening music without jbl headphone, the sound quality is really not that good coz of outer noise. 5. No basic apps like Facebook, Twitter etc. 6. The 5mp camera is not upto the mark but ok when captured good light conditions. VERDICT: Please buy this phone if you are looking for a decent multitasking android smart phone for 8k. And to say about flipkart, the service was good.
I bought this mobile on june 21st but the mobile faced black lines in display problem so i reported flipkart. within 3-4 hours these guys would reply with a valid solution. But again i faced the same problem so flipkart replaced with a new mobile within 3 days i received the product. Thats a great service from flipkart. This made my interest shopping with flipkart with WSRetailer much more higher About The Phone First among the pros the thing which impressed me a lot is JBL headPhones. It is awesome and music lovers like me should not miss this product. The processing speed is good. there is no lag even if you do multiple process Best phone at best price. Games like temple run works fine with a slight lag But the loudspeaker loudness is low. Battery back is average Overall best phone for a best price
hey guys, i have bought this phone last week from flipkart and about this phone, this is a good phone not a great one. The RAM and processor are worth for the money paid. An added benifit is the JBL headphone, it is cool. some users complained about the sound clarity goes off on maximum volume, the reason is, only original songs are played well on the headphones. one of the problem i am facing is with the gps, its searching searching and searching, its not locating the position, so i cant use the navigation. there are some tricks and tips to solve it, you can watch video tutorials on youtube. battery consumption is very low when compared to Canvas HD which i own. and it support some HD video beautifully, but there is some problem with the viewing angle. Most of the games works fine without rooting , like Temple Run OZ. overall this phone is a good choice
i bought a phone few days before micromax canvas music for RS.7257 now the touch sensitive is very poor if i touched at the top it is sensing at bottom phone misbehaves quit oftenly ..i started to think it to through away very poor..i dont want to blame any one particularly..if some one is providing discount means u have to think the inner meaning in that
Go for it Guys it is a good phone... I bought it but not from FlipKart... some Info. r missing here. company is Providing JBL headphones for free with the box (worth rs. 1000-1500). n Other thing is it has 2 GB internal memory which is written as 512 Mb in the specifications... Rest r the same... May this be useful for the ones who r planning to buy this..
i bought this handset last week i am so disappointed on it that 1. Facebook contact and other account not syncing to my phone book 2. no streaming setting is available any one of the operator in india 3. battery back up is very poor there is no chance to get a cover and screen guard so plzzzzzzzzz dont by this
but plz avoid the micromax.... Go for huawei honor .... Bst mobile in same or may be in less price................................................................................................
i brought this phone from flipkart, but 1month from date of purchasing it screen had got visible scratch on it. neither the phone was fallen nor the phone was teased. but this problem occurred automatically. its jbl headphone is awesome and have super bass quality. i think this phone is made for music purpose only. average phone in this price range
phone was getting slowed i just buy 2 days backk i guess i have wasted my money for buying this phone
Guys I have been using it almost for six months and the phone memory and RAM is TOO low as a result this device is very laggy and slow. There are far better phones in this range. Do not buy this in any case. Go for Moto E instead.
This mobile is not meant for gamers ... Bcoz ... it automatically ends games while playing Its battery life is also short & 512 MB for apps is also too less... I have using this phone for past 1 year & its overall performance is satisfactory
any1 plz help to solve the prob,whatsapp is not working for other sim,but it works on registered number and also using wi-fi.whenever i switch on data connection with other sim whatsapp doesnt work
It has nice music functions, fast and easy to use with latest Android OS. JBL headset getting FREE on it.
cool phone for the price in 2013 but nt in 2014,i brought it @8500/- but why they hiked d prise now to 10k... very bad... fr Price 9k-15k,Processors-quad core,1gb ram,resolution 1200*600 are coming in diff brands.. so dont buy this phone nw..
Bought this phone for my brother as gift. He hasnt had any complaints so far. The phone can become slow if you load too many apps. For that I got a custom rom installed on it and it works like a charm.
this mo. make micromax brand as trustable company and this mo. feactures is best of its price.....Recently I bought this phone for my uncle who has no smartphone handling experience... Now the guy uses the phone no less efficient than a teenager! As usual flawless service from Flipkart & thanks to Micromax for one hell of a phone. If you are going to buy a mobile & not looking for Apple iphone; don't think twice to get this one. Worth every penny!
I bought it 3 months back in flipkart. product is awesome and worth for the amount. i faced no issues and finding good performance with the product.
Dont buy this phone. Poor call quality..Poor speaker quality. Moreover if you connect internet, the battery will empty in 4 or 5 hours. Such a worst phone i ever seen in smart phone segment.
One of the best mobiles out there in this price range. 10 times more speed and stability in software dept. compared to what other famous brands give. Also the design is stylish and size is perfect which is not common in Micromax handsets
Do not ever Buy this product. Replaced two times from flipkart due to defects of speaker, screen blah blah blah... Very Best Quality headphones tab phone is very bad. Do not waste money
when i received this phone there was some scratch on the back side of the phone .The quality of JBL headphone is not also good. Bad Experience
Recently I bought this phone for my uncle who has no smartphone handling experience... Now the guy uses the phone no less efficient than a teenager! As usual flawless service from Flipkart & thanks to Micromax for one hell of a phone. If you are going to buy a mobile & not looking for Apple iphone; don't think twice to get this one. Worth every penny!
I have been using this mobile since 3 months and its working externally good. The screen touch and all applications are running without hanging even though with 512 mb RAM. Only problem is with its battery backup but all android mobiles are facing same issue. With price of 8000 rs, nobody can give these many features.... Just go for it and enjoy the music with JBL hands free.
Pros- Fast, good touch 512 MB RAM is good but, you need RAM cleaner application Cons- Display is very bad. Vedio quality is really bad compare to Samsung phones Problem I experienced recently with microphone some time it stopped working need reboot to fix..I dont know where is exact issue. Flip Cover which order with this phone is not fitted perfectly.
I have purchased Micromax Canvas Music A88 from flipkart and got it within 2 days of booking. Really nice phone which came in good wrapped and packed condition from flipkart. Overall performance, battery are also good. Will recommend for normal users. Its not designed for heavy gamers or HD lovers. Voice clarity best with JBL headsets. Also, phone performs really well if you schedule switch off & switch on at night for 2-3 hours. Rest all functions working well. In brief, I am happy buyer!!!
Super Smartphone for such a price...simply too good to be true!! Kudos to Micromax! music with the JBL headphones..instant nirvana!!
it's very good phone.i use this mobile it's awesome and it's software r so easy to operate.thanks to micromax for making this type of gadget/phone,so i thanks to u.
this is a good phone pros it has got 1 Ghz dual core processor a good gpu so it can handle games like dead trigger, ck2 ,dead trigger 2,flc,shadow gun camera quality is good also it has got 4 modes video recording 720p hd android 4.1 cons 512 mb of ram ( low to play hd games on high settings ) flash is not good worst earphones i' ve ever seen and rubber finish at the back is not appreciable overall this phone is pretty awesome . but for playing games like DT2 on high settings you need to root this phone
Handset is not as expected. it gets hang intermediately while operating. Battery needs to charged for 6 hours but only 2 hours to discharge. Overall performance of product is waste. No need to pay 8.5 for this
Good Mobile but... battery backup is just worse because of the big display and full touch with more running applications. Always old movies are best and better for battery backup.
I am using it from June 2013 i.e. from six months. I am impressed with touch quality and other features like 3G, Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi hotspot. I use these features regularly. Battery backup is good for average use on single SIM.With two SIMs I have to recharge it in the evening again. But that's not a big deal as I can charge form PC, can carry an emergency charger. JBL headset is good but I don't use it as I cant carry it. A little brighter display would be much better, viewing angles are not much good. 5MP camera with flash doesn't produce great still photos but I liked the video quality. I have installed "Advanced Task Killer" on it and I hardly face any issues of slow/sluggish response. I guess it's a necessary app (or some similar app). Rating: Camera and display : 3 (out 5 ) all other features 4+ (out 5) Overall : 4 out of 5
Good as far as performance is concerned with in this price range but it disappoints with its display quality. A slight tilt gives better view.
nice offers over the festival and mega time for the new and old customers both. shop it today before the offer gets expire.
First of all the price of A88 has been increased, so you can find the alternative that is Karbon S2 , but I purchased this phone @8400 (phone+jbl headphone) so it was a good decision for me. *) Battery-- battery backup is really very good as compare to other phones ,it provide me 2 day backup with normal uses + heavy Whatsapp use.(android phones battery problem--> Passed) *) camera-- Video recording is Awesome (really it is HD) and image capture is also good *) Display-- Display is awesome, I compare this to Samsung HD and thanked myself that I purchased this product. *)3G-- 3G speed and connectivity is awesome. *)Headphone-- headphone is okay ,good bass but Treble and bass balance is little bit not good *) It looks like SAMSUNG GALAXY :) *) The most amazing feature of this phone is that it is incredibly light weighted CONS------ I love my Micromax A88 but I think only thing that is not good in this phone is that Micromax has been increase price of this model while other brands has decreased their product prices like Karbon ,samsung etc.. Conclusion: You can buy this product :)
the product is good but i would recommend if any one wants to buy this product i would advice to buy the black colour because the white colour get quickly fade
Overall its good phone...Does not lag all the time but the recording is not 720p as they say its normal quality.Camera is pretty good. Jbl Headset is exceptionally good.Its the best budget phone in the market..
Overall a good phone in this budget however it has a problem. If you insert sim from other circl, It shows network unavailable most of the times.
The Product is really Awesome..Camera Quality is above good..JBL headphone gives you fantastic Music experience..can listen play of each instrument clearly..processor is fine..RAM memory performes very well while accessing internet. display is also very good but need to improve brightness n contrast more.all of the above its quality product from Micromax..equivalent to samsung and LG..
It is a quality device in this price segment :- Pros 1. Powerful JBL headphone(Which is not mentioned but packed with the phone..) 2. 1 Ghz dual core processor. 3. 4.5 inch screen with 854 x 400 pixels (240ppi) and 16M color display 4. 5 Mp cam with AF, 720p HD rec, Dual LED flash and 0.3mpx sec cam. 6. 4 GB internal memory out of which 1.97 GB available for user and 503 MB for apps. 7. Android v4.1.1 (Jelly Bean) 8. Its also got Proximity Sensor, Gravity Sensor and a notification LED. 9. 1800 mAh battery which will provide a decent backup. 10. Good looking and nice build quality. Cons 1. NO screen guard or cover is provided in the box... 2. Camera is good, but indoor images are not good even with the flash.. 3. There is no light sensor. If u want to go for a good music phone then buy it you will never regret it aftrl it comes with JBL headphones which costs about 18-2000 bucks.
well an awesome phone in range of price and quality. well tough than samsung in range of 15k, its dual core ARMv7 processor , 512ram, gpu PVR SGX 531 display of 480x854pixels with 4.5 inch which pan most of the video file buttery smooth even hd also with no lags. plays almost all according to GL specification games even the nfs most wanted. i got it from flipkart with a good deal. and the jbl head phones are no need to describe as name is enough. well the cons is about question of micromax service.
well an awesome phone in range of price and quality. well tough than samsung in range of 15k, its dual core ARMv7 processor , 512ram, gpu PVR SGX 531 display of 480x854pixels with 4.5 inch which pan most of the video file buttery smooth even hd also with no lags. plays almost all according to GL specification games even the nfs most wanted. i got it from flipkart with a good deal. and the jbl head phones are no need to describe as name is enough. well the cons is about question of micromax service.
From the very first day,after updating all applications of the phone the phone started hanging in a very different manner showing issues of ''storage spaces running out'',this is because of phone's Internal sd card by which i went to the nearest Micromax Care to update the software and as soon after the update i saw there wasn't any change.The main cause of its is all the applications which are installed are being installed into the phone's memory(500mb) or the external sd card(16gb).Most of the updates and applications are installed to the phone memory and others to the external sd card and none of the applications installed to the 'Internal SD' card which makes trouble to handle the phone,the applications gets restarted automatically,can't use more than one application at a time and resulting to restarting the phone, its happening daily and restarting is done 10-20 times a day. Please Check On This As Soon As Possible.
First of all Flipkart did a very good job in delivering cMUSIC before the estimated time.5star for Flipkart service.This is one of the best phone in this price segment . JBL headphones are very nice high built quality.sounds are great although the other headphones(mmx branded)are not up to the mark .Well about the device it has the same processor as the canvas 2.It can handle basic gaming needs of you(temple run subway surfers works flawlessly/swiftly).Not recommended for high end gaming.must have 1GB RAM instead of 512 :( Better than samsung galaxy S :D
this the best budget friendly phone & does not burn hole in ur pocket it has powerful JBL tempo headphones & its original cost is Rs 2500 touch is buttery smooth.but only problem is that it has many background processes going so some times the app which u are using closes automatically . This phone is not for those who are really interested in multitasking or else those who dont care much about multitasking u should go for it
I bought this mobile on 24th of june through flipkart and the mobile was presented to my wife on 9th of july. 14th july suddenly their is one line appear in the mobile display but the next day its disappear, even though i went to service center to know the proper solution and they taken my mobile and after making so many calls they return back on 02nd August. One problem solved (I dont know what they do) another one comes in (2nd problem) while talking in mobile suddenly headset symbol appear in the mobile display after that nothing will hear. Again i went to service center on 14th of August and they taken my mobile, so far there is no reply from service center. Note : Local service center not even pick the calls. Delhi call center not responding properly. Totally waste of money.
1. Powerful JBL headphone(Which is not mentioned but packed with the phone..) 2. 1 Ghz dual core processor. 3. 4.5 inch screen with 854x400pixels(240ppi) and 16M color display 4. 5 Mp cam with AF, 720p HD rec, Dual LED flash and 0.3mp sec cam. 6. 4 GB internal mem out of which 1.97 GB available for user and 503 MB for apps. 7. Android v4.1.1 (Jelly Bean) 8. Its also got Proximity Sensor, Gravity Sensor and a notification LED. 9. 1800 mAh battery which will provide a decent backup.Awesome phone..!!!!!(After 1 month of usage) All in one phone... I bought this phone at stores 1 month before its has the features similar to canvas A115 3D, but instead of 3D feature this phone comes with a powerful JBL headphone which is worth Rs 2199 1. Powerful JBL headphone(Which is not mentioned but packed with the phone..) 2. 1 Ghz dual core processor. 3. 4.5 inch screen with 854x400pixels(240ppi) and 16M color display 4. 5 Mp cam with AF, 720p HD rec, Dual LED flash and 0.3mp sec cam. 6. 4 GB internal mem out of which 1.97 GB available for user and 503 MB for apps. 7. Android v4.1.1 (Jelly Bean) 8. Its also got Proximity Sensor, Gravity Sensor and a notification LED. 9. 1800 mAh battery which will provide a decent backup. 10. Good looking and nice build quality.
I ordered this product and i got it in 4 days, But with in 4 days my mobile charger stop working. Now i am restricted to charge my mobile through usb cable. I suggest other buyer that Please do not buy this product.
Advantages: 1. Music Quality through Headphone 2. Bright Display 3. Touch Response 4. Good Internet Speed 5. Dual Core Processor 6. LED Notification Light Disadvanatages: 1. Poor Camera and Flash 2. Poor Sunlight Visibility 3. Taking Too Much of time for Charging 4. Sometimes Slow Processing Its Definitely worth buying for Rs.8500
Music feature is the feature of JBL headphone ! it's not the feature of Micromax Canvas Music A88 (It doesn't come with any Yamaha amplifiers)! I would go for xolo q800 and buy 2k JBL head phone for 12k(10k+2k)!
Very nice phone for this price, i am using this phone since a month, working good, music having best quality with both, a88 handsfree and jbl headphones, battery is average screen resolution and camera also average range, screen touch is very good, if any mfg. defects or problem you can replace it under 30 day return policy of flipkart. and by the way we use cell phone for 1 or 2yr, After that we come to get latest tech. or upgraded things with new feature inside, even apple user also do the same thing. I am happy with this.
Pros: 1. Powerful JBL headphone(Which is not mentioned but packed with the phone..) 2. 1 Ghz dual core processor. 3. 4.5 inch screen with 854x400pixels(240ppi) and 16M color display 4. 5 Mp cam with AF, 720p HD rec, Dual LED flash and 0.3mp sec cam. 6. 4 GB internal mem out of which 1.97 GB available for user and 503 MB for apps. 7. Android v4.1.1 (Jelly Bean) 8. Its also got Proximity Sensor, Gravity Sensor and a notification LED. 9. 1800 mAh battery which will provide a decent backup. 10. Good looking and nice build quality. Cons: 1. Only 503 MB is available for apps.. 2. There is no addition feature available for music expect the headphone. 3. Only 110-100 MB RAM available rest is used by some process running in background(if the phone is restarted then 240 MB RAM is available). 4. NO screen guard or cover is provided in the box... 5. Camera is good, but indoor images are not good even with the flash.. 6. There is no light sensor. Conclusion: If you need a good music phone with good looking and nice features blindly go for it..
After using more then one month.... * A Nice smart phone * You will never feel that you are not using branded phone. The quality of phone( Camera browsing, Video, music, Processor etc.) is nice. * After a lot of searching I find that i have taken good decision. * Betty bake up is little bit less but think how much you are spending.....
Indian brand, Micromax is a reliable brand the phone A88 is a worth product real pay for money features are good and user friendly, the JBL headset is of fine quality and music clarity is exemplary. the only problem with the phone is its 503 MB RAM for APPS.. all other features are good camera clarity is good Messaging and mail services are also worth paying
Guys i really appreciate the work done By micromax. They are bravely competing with the well established brands yet not compromising on the quality phone. I am very fond of music dats y i went for dis phone.. I got this phone just after 3rd day of ordering it. well packed no damage to the product. Headphones (JBL) are a stealer at this price with dis phone. Overall I m happy with the phones performance & build quality. but tha phone shuld hav been bundled with casing and a screen guard.
Rs 8500/- isnt too much for a 4.5 inch 1ghz dual core android phone. Plus you get a good JBL headphone which is worth around 1500/- , which means the cost of phone comes down to Rs 7000/- . For Rs 7000/- the handset is as good as you can imagine. It can easily compete with handsets twice its price from brands like Samsung, htc. Nokia and Sony. It must also be noted that the phone looks great. Camera quality of both front and back is acceptable. Performance is good enough to do basic multitasking and play some popular arcade games. deserves at least 4 stars from the worst critics. For me its a five star. Couldn't have asked for better ! And yes, flipkart delivery rocked once again !
First of all Excellent Fast Delivery by Flip kart within 1 Day i got this phone .this is superb phone within this budget .ideal for music lovers JBL headphones are really Rocking and smooth screen will make your day and you can add the Music of your choice from Micromax online store
This is my first review on flipkart.Friends any phone works well for the first few months but then as you come close to the internal phone storage limit is when it starts showing its colours.Unfortunately,after a few months of usage i want to either throw it off in the bin or give it to someone i hate.
I'm Loving it Pros: ~ large screen ~ Supports almost every App ~ Good Primary Cam quality irrespective of the flash. ~ Flipkart has got it so cheap.so if you r planning to buy do it in here. Which unfortunately i did not :( Cons ~ Secondary cam sucks,but then u cannot expect a 10k phone to give u 5mp secondary camera. This is the only reason which made me give 4 stars. ~ kinda heavy which u can hardly use with one hand especially when your laying ~ i dont think Msg tones can be set manually its just the default which u can use. ~ Contact images doesn work too gud and like usual androids,battery drains so quickly. if u have nothing to do with the above mentioned cons listed , this s a geat phone for 10 k. Micromax Canvas Way to go !! ♥♥
battery backup is not good but all software runs good its good for high diffraction camera...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Rly good phone at this price............................bt the camera isnt dat good...................................and u wont get aflip flop or good cover for this phone...........micromax plz launch them soon..............................................all the micromax for ur new canvas4!!!!!!
First of all filpkart was ok in service. I ordered it on 2nd july and got it on 5th july. Micromax canvas music is a great within budget phone. It has a jellybeam android, 1ghz dual core processor, 5mp camara with a great dual flash and the main and the greast plus piont the JBL headset which is really great and headset is really good looking and nicely finished. The phone has 512 mb of ram and it is really good for gaming also you gays can check the gaming video on youtube. The phone has a really big screen and the only drawback is the battery backup. micromax should have used atleast a 2000mAh battery it has only 1800mAh battery.And it has 1.93 gb internal memory and only 503mb for apps which will boost up when we install the external SD card. Over all the only drawback in this phone is the battery life. Over all it is a great phone with an amazing headset.
Excellent phone for the starters as Android users...You are getting everything at 8.5K INR like as all high variant phones...but Screen resolution is dull TFT ...rest of everything is fine..... I booked this phone on Monday and I got it on Wednesday (2 days) at Navi-Mumbai....gr8 service by FK with Quality Assurance....Long live FK....cheers.
yesterday at 7.30pm i received the mobile. Mobile is nice. Sound quality is good. As i was bit busy not yet saw the entire options. Only for conversations i used it. Even though the battery back up is very bad. One more thing is am unable to understand how we can change the mp3 ring tones instead of the ring tones in the mobile. Overall mobile is worthy for spending the price of 8499. Will give another review after few days usage of the mobile.tks
I dont know about others comment but got this phone yesterday and Looking very nice.. It is very nice phone to comparing to other Branded phone on This price range just 8k ..The Music output of the phone is pretty decent and it is packed with latest Android Version 4.1.1 JB which feels good
What can i say about the flipkart service, its lightning fast!! I got my product within 23hrs... unbelievable! Love u flipkart!! Now the product...its a beauty. Loved the design got everything on it, same h/w as Canvas 2...1 Ghz dual core processor, 512 MB RAM n all. Touch is so smooth and phone is to good to hold, feels like a premium phone!! pros: 1. Jellybean OS 2. smooth interface 3. notification LED (I didn't expected but it is there i luv it) 4. 1800 mAh battery (good one but not for heavy gamer) 5. good camera 6. front cam (video calling option as well) 7. and the most important-- JBL headphones....i just love it..(its still on my head..hehe) cons: nothing yet, just got it! will update if any!
The Music output of the phone is Marvelous it really rocks with music and and it has got latest Android Version which feels good overall the Phone is superb i think it will get demanded when stock is close like Canvas 2
Jst one word..... superb... only the ram lacks sum tym nd the camera in low light dissapoints nd xcept dis two thngs the features is quite impressive nd good & .. i bought it for 8000... if any 1 hving queries abt dis device den ask me...
I Want To Buy A Music Phone But Not For The JBL Headphones.Is Its Speakers Are Loud And Clear or Not. Also Which Phone Has Loud And Clear Music Output,Micromax Canvas Music A88 Or Nokia Lumia 520.I Just Want To Buy A Music Phone.Am Using Sony Ericsson Xperia Ray But its Audio Not Loud And Costs Rs 18500.
