MOBDQQ7GY53VWNDD
Hi Prashant, This is not a problem with the phone. Just go to developer options and un-check the box that says something like turn off display after x amount of time. I found this info on mobilejury. Easy! :)
i got this handsome from an local market an after using a month i decided to share my experience with all of you .This product is nice in that price range camera quality is good both front and back . processing speed is also good and i want to sugest you that if u r buying this product then use at last 8gb micro sd card ..bcoz it makes ur performance best and . battery back is also equals to other andriod phn in a market and handing is also fine for me and if u r thinking to buy just go a head and buy.u get full value of money ..
Hey friends this is not a bad phone. There is only two problems that i can find in this device. 1. Its battery backup...it is very poor. and 2. In case of avi format video file you can only see the video not the sound. For me mp4 is the best supported format for this device. Over all i wound its nice device within this low budget price. I himself use this device and i very much like this company now. The device has a good 8 mp camera with auto focus and led flash. The quality of its recorded video is also good. And the one more thing which impressed me most that its Sensors. I have facing lot of problems before during use of touch mobiles when i have micromax a25 smarty. In that time when i am talking to some body the call is cut suddenly during a small tough of the device with my ear. Now there is no problem. The sensor of this device help me a lot. thankx to Intex.
Awesome Mobile at this price range with such a Brand name...!!! Totally satisfied with this, even i used rough , running good,
I have this phone, and it is amazing, the battery is very good it last 2 days even when I'm on the internet, the problem is that I can't find a case cover anywhere. Are there any, and if not are there any other phone cases that you know could fit this one? Please help, thank you :D
super cell,don't belive the rumor like its waste,battery do not back up bla,bla........it's very nice phone
My experience with Intex Aqua i6 phone has been horrible from day one to say the least. The phone hangs and reboots atleast ten times daily. I tried factory reset but the problem continues even now. The internet works very slow The overall experience is pathetic and handling such phone makes me feel disgusted. My advice to all potential buyers - "STAY AWAY"
I wanted to buy this phone from your site but when i entered my pin-code it said that this product cannot be delivered in your area.
Excellent service from Flipkart. The Phone was delivered in 2 Days of ordering. But Poor Battery Support. Battery drys down very fast as compared to its usage.
I have recently purchased Intex Aqua i6 from Local Market. The performance is very poor. This product is having following drawback in it. 1-the no to whom SMS is sent/received are not appearing in call log so its very difficult to talk to those nos, Please provide update for this discrepancy. 2-Want to call, sent or received message no directly from message folder without opening message as I was doing the same from my previous Handset of Samsung Galaxu Y. 3-can not Forward SMS to unsaved no of call logs or recently used no. This feature is not there in the phone. I want to select call log from message option to forward message to unsaved no of call log. 4-Internet Connectivity is very poor most of the time showing No network for Internet. 5-Mobile accessories / Case / cover not available in the market it should be provided with handset. 6-Mobile camera is very poor, what you claim it is 8MP but it is poor then any 2MP camera of Samsung / Sony mobile. 7-While writing a new SMS the space on screen for writing the massage is very less and lot of space on screen is idle and even after having a 5" screen we cant see the full massage in one go. 8-In call log same no are not grouped, displayed separately.
this product is not so good..... I purchased this cell last week and I am facing lot of problem. while watching videos its automatically gets off, mean the screen is locked automatically I am not satisfied with this product,,,,,i was purchased this cell in intex dealer cost 8800 rupees............. but this product features are awesome... bye
