MOBDN9RGAUDJQECF
Peace be with you all After much research and review scan i purchased Xperia M and i must say i m very impressed with this black beauty. this is my second android phone. First one was Galaxy Ace. -> the interface is very fluid thanks to 1 GB RAM. i did not notice any lag what so ever. Animations and themes are cool. -> with dual core snapdragon processor multiprocessing is a piece of cake. open multiple apps and go crazy switching from one to another. it is much better than the cortex used in Samsung phones. -> Display, i must say is very good. i mean my friend uses HTC One X and when we held our phones in sunlight. his display was so reflective, it became a mirror but not my xperia m. -> user available internal space is low but you can free a lot of it by removing pre-installed apps and also you can move the sample media (videos, pictures) from internal to sd-card. it can be easily done via settings->storage. -> camera is average in low light conditions but performs very well in good light. remember to change the resolution to 5M in camera settings. -> after suffering from low battery of galaxy ace, xperia m is a big relief. To sum up, this is the best budget android phone you can ever dream of. I got it for 12k from flipkart. Alhumdullilah. i am satisfied with my Xperia. p.s. thank you all the people who wrote an honest review which made it easy to choose this phone. and for those who have not used the phone and post negative reviews just on assumption, i am marking there post as "report abuse". UPDATE: Using it for almost 6 months now. I m completely satisfied with Xperia M but there is one important thing I want the people to know who are thinking to buy this phone. As u may know Xperia M has only 2 GB user available internal storage. That is fine but what most of us don't know is that u cannot move or install apps on sd card. Even the "app data" which can be very big in size like that of games u have to keep that on phone memory. So I would not recommend this phone for people who r into games or who install lots of apps. There is no doubt this phone runs even high end games smoothly but game size will suffocate this phone and soon it will be asking for u to free some space so that it can breathe again! Sorry Xperia M I need to strip uvr 1 star. If u want to earn it back then Sony needs to provide us with a firmware update which enables us to move apps to sd card.
As usual , Flipkart delivered it in just 2 days .. I bought the white variant as it has better looks than the black one , but you have to take extra care as it will get dirty.. The phone is damn AWESOME! I earlier thought to buy the Galaxy Core , but it quite slow and has an old GPU .. Display : It is only 4 inches .. It's touch is good but it does get dirty ... I don't need a screen which is more than 4 inches , that's why I went for it rather than Xperia L and Galaxy Core.. It also has great viewing angles.. Scores 8.5/10 Camera : By default it is set on 3 megapixels.. You can change it to 5 megapixel but the resolution turns into 4:3 which is small ..For this I would recommend an app named Camera FX Zoom which will make the resolution 16:9 and 5 megapixel.. Low-light pictures are just fine, but the pictures taken in day-light are awesome with the feature HDR turned on .. It also has a front camera which can be used for video calling .. Low- light photo's = 8/10 Day-light photo's = 9/10 Looks : It's looks are great .. It's back is slightly curved which makes it even better... Scores 9/10 Processor: It's Qualcomm and Snapdragon S4 and has 1GB of RAM .. It is lightning fast and can easily run any kind of app with it's Adreno 305 GPU .. It can even run Asphalt 8 so Temple Run is a piece of cake for it.. Scores 10/10 Sound Quality : It is just too loud .. It even beats the Xperia C and Xperia L which are almost 7-8 k costlier than this.. Music in headphones is also good with it.. Scores 9.5/10 Internal Storage : To be frank , it is low .. Only 2.05 GB is not enough for me .. But there's always an option i.e., Rooting! Scores 7/10 Battery : It works for a whole day on average usage i.e., 1 hour of high graphic gaming , half an hour of calls and 1 hour of Facebook , WhatsApp and other random things ..There are also many battery saving modes.. Scores 9/10 Other Features : This phone has NFC , which is seriously quite useful and awesome.. It also has awesome notification light..Small apps is also a good feature.. It is like the multi-window thingy.. But there's one thing I din't like is that there has been no update ever since this phone has been released .. My brother has Xperia L and it just had 2-3 updates and it has been updated to Android 4.2 Jelly Bean .. Sony has also confirmed to update Xperia L to 4.3 Android .. But Sony is telling nothing about my phone and updates of it.. All in all , this is a killer phone .. UPDATE 30th January 2014 This phone fell from about two foot of height and fell down and swoooosh! The display was TOTALLY SHATTERED.. The price to repair the display at Kolkata is 6,500 INR and the Sony people are having my phone for more than 2 weeks! They are saying that getting Xperia M's display is no easy task.. People keep saying horrible things about Xolo , Micromax service stations but have they ever went a Sony service center? I was there for almost 3 hours and tomorrow will be third week they are having my phone and they have not even received the part.. This maybe even badder than the Xolo things.. Phone is extremely sensitive and may break from a single fall so make sure you buy a case.. Believe me Sony service is the worst .. Next time I will definitely buy a Samsung one .. I guess Samsung's service and build quality would not be so bad .. Horrible experience this was .. Build Quality - 1/10
Search for a VFM fone had begun as I was bored of my old Samsung Fit( it was a trustworthy fone though...) Budget was a constraint and so I was flipping thorugh Flipkart mobile page daily. But alas...none did catch my attention and the ones that did were out of my league. I was very stubborn about my requirments- 1. Not a big fanboy of 5+ inch fones...I needed something small and comfortable to hold and speak. 2. Good sound quality of songs as I am a big music lover. Constant travel during weekends had taught me that headfones are your next best companion apart from your friend who offers you free chips :-) 3. Casual gaming (Subway surfer, temple run sort) with which you could keep your pestering cousins at bay for a while :-) 4. Good call clarity with usual connectivity options. And then One day Voila....I was amazed by this sleek looking beauty during my casual surfing. This device was within my budget and the critics were also showering praise on this cute little gadget. My (curious mind + my impatient heart) went to work. Read reviews, watched reviews and ate reviews. Finally I was convinced that she was the one I want to spend the rest of my life with (atleast 2 years ;) ..) Went to a local dealer and checked the model. Suited each and everyone of my requirements perfectly. 1. 4 inch screen...very nice to hold and slim too. 2. Superb audio clarity....different options like Clear Audio, Xloud and all....the headfones bundled with this are decent enough...Also got a Sony Headfone as Offer!! 3. Subway surfer, Temple run runs without any lags. 4. Amazing call clarity!! 5. Notification light...Oh how much I do love you! Plus lot of features like NFC and screen mirroring. Internal memory and battery may be quoted as a weak point but I am getting enough juice for one whole day with few calls, games , whatsapp and all.Trust me...you will love every bit of this fone. For this price its a perfect companion for your hard earned money..!! So I will modify Nike's tagline a bit and say... "JUST BUY IT." :-D
let me sound more practical by not using words like antutu... and others geeky terms. or by comparing it with brands without manufacturing capabilities(micromax, lava, karbon..) my first android was samsung galaxy pop..then xolo A500. samsung lacked RAM and and good battery life. xolo was full of bugs and like usual low china quality. with full of useless specs. I wanted to buy it from flipkart. but was pre-order item so bought it from a retailer. the phone has everything you would expect from an android phone. - The biggest strength is the energy efficient S4 krait processor. found right now only on Nokia 520,620 and some hing end devices. we dont need a big battery on this chipset. so dont count battery mah. though sony sensibly gave a big 1700mah battery. - 1 Gb RAM, no one else is giving at this price. its necessary because android jellybean is not efficient with 512MB. and running all those chat applications messengers and background apps altogether needs a lot of ram. - Good battery backup upto 2 days with normal usage with fb messenger, browser ,whatsapp etc. you need to charge it next evening. - good design and a useful customizable notification light that will let me know if there is a miss-call or msg. without touching the phone. This is Sony's best answer to nokia and samsung mid-range smart phones. SAMSUNG - is selling good designs but with old hardware with cortex a9 & a5. all battery drainers. all samsung in this range are old hardware. NOKIA- Nokia 520 & 620 have nearly same features to Xperia M and have excellent Build, but with WINDOWS i feel like in a prison. i used my bro's nokia 520 for 2 days and it felt like hell!! windows is only favored by people who have never used androids. My brother is jealous of my phone :D and he is using my xolo A500 ... and his nokia 520 is now a showpiece. This is a great phone. and i am loving it.... Thanx sony for such an excellent built and budget phone. Go for it..
got my xperia M from local market at d same price as flipkart's.(cud not have waited for 3-4 days of delivery period :D ) but shortage of purple colour in d local market. Was waiting for dis fon from long time. my budget was arnd 10k-14k. already used canvas 2. trust me derez hell lot of difference when it comes to look n feel. #"small apps" feature is very nice..similar to multiple window.. #battery performance is good. more dan 1 full day after heavy usage(browsing,music,camera,whatsapp etc) # 1 gb RAM is just perfect. no lags at all whatsoever # Notification light effects r just wowww!!! i) If you are not a hardcore gamer and can live with 4gb of internal storage just go for it right now coz it is expected dat d price will go up in the coming days( reason- demand for dis fon + dollar becoming strong and ruppee falling) ii) if u r a gamer den wait for the XDA dev for some tweaks and rooting guide so dat apps can be moved to sd. also, if u want d dual version,den wait for some time, XPERIA M DUAL is abt to release very soon. would be arnd 1K more dan d single sim version. total VALUR FOR MONEY..what else can u get at dis price.
Got my phone... and now i have more reasons to love SONY... 1)Active Noise cancellation mic at back..!! this extra piece of hardware will make sure i can hear to calls even during big noise around me.. 2)Again extra piece of hardware, Illumination LED, i can make custom notifications 3)Scratch-less screen (not gorillas glass though) but still, atleast i wont need to spend every few months for that plastic screen guard sitting on my screening and ruining my touch experience 4)NFC yes.. i see around me people who have NFC business cards, all i need to touch them (the business card) with my phone, and contacts gets saved, the technology is still evolving and this makes my phone future ready 5) Arduino ADK Support..!! Amazing, i didn't expect this..SONY when makes a phone it never reduces any stock functionality, even samsung has removed drivers for USB ADK from all its devices, that were needed to connect android accessory... But not SONY, so i can make my custom hardware that can be controlled via this smartphone SUPERB...!!! 6) and not the miss, the preinstalled Apps..!! these are proprietary sony apps, made by best developers around the globe with features you won't get even in paid apps.! sony Walkman player, Smart Connect, which allows you to decide how your phone reacts to any accessory (charger/headphone) and you can trigger actions depending. Xperia Link, for tethering (much much better than settings option) , Converter app, Drag and share (very easily you can share your /audio/video to other phone/tv/tablet/fb/picasa/youtubr/email/NFC and interface is supercool. drag and drop) X-alert, mobile tracker that cannot be removed... you might get above hardware advantage in other phones too (obviously at much higher cost) but not these apps..!! for a 13K phone, Jannat hai ye but like my teachers said, you can never get full marks, i'll take 1 star for not so brilliant camera
update : The phone is wonderful in all respects but it does heat up. In ambient temperature at 25 to 27 degrees C, nothing running except system processes: 1. Idle battery temperature varies from 29 to 31 degrees C. 2. As soon as you start using the phone even just going through the settings , it immediately starts heating up and within 4 to 5 mins it is at 34 degrees C. Use it for about 10 mins on only one app like maps and it touches 39... i dont know if its normal, but i have seen temperatures of 44 degrees with only 10 mins or so of playing temple run .. worried.. and no i dont have anything unnecessary running in the background. checked it with DU app. CPU usage didnt goes above 75% and most of the time is at 55 to 60% nor was RAM the issue. Using the phone for the past week. Played temple run 2 fluently but heated up. Fast smooth touch, wonderful looks.Good display contrary to what i read prior to purchase, and camera too not bad at all. Wonderful editing options in camera but the edited files will be stored as small low resolution files. Why no option to save in the same resolution after editing, I wonder..? Good phone overall except for the following : 1. Heats up when really made to work, and heats up meaning more than just warm. Am not too worried as I am not a heavy user 2. First time i inserted the headphones with player on, i got the restart problem. Thankfully the phone behaved thereafter. 3. Silly white headphones supplied with a black phone. Hey Sony why are you behaving like some chinese manufacturer, really even they would nt pair white headphones with a black product. Where is the Sony pedigree? Further I cant use any of my old headphones due to the CTIA standard in this phone.. no OTG cable either... does it really cost you so much to throw one in Sony?? 4. Camera once gave me a "Error: Camera not available " and refused to work till I restarted the phone. Just once though. 5. Silly basic calculator pre installed. I downloaded a good one but cant delete the one Sony gave which doesnt even have a percentage function. Sony please allow us to delete what we dont want on the phone please and that includes your own bloatware. 6. Battery is an issue really. I am not at all a heavy user yet it is difficult to get it to last 12 hours without using the stamina mode. And no I dont have too many apps loaded which consume battery so cant blame that. 1 star deleted for heating issue and 1 deleted for rest of the niggles.
I bought this phone 10 days back.The pros of this phone has already been mentioned by lot many here and as of now I feel they are true. So let me mention something here which has not been noticed or atleast highlighted by many and what I felt I should have know before buying this phone. This phone has an internal storage of 2.05GB( of the 4GB ) user available and it has android 4.1.2.Now this means You have only 2.05GB to install all ur apps. Many may be wondering why I cant put an external SD card and just get rid of this space issue.Well thats exactly what I did, but for all those who still dont understand it let me make it clear- android 4.1.2 doesnt have an option to move apps to SD card inbuilt in it( 4.0 ICS and Android 4.2 has it but this one version doesnt have it) Now I did a lot of google search and found that Android SDK and some commands can do the trick for me and even tried that.Even though the process was successful my phone still install all my apps to internal memory and in my case the internal memory is getting filled fast and may be in the near future my internal memory is gonna get almost full.Rooting will be the only option left after that. All the other features in this phone is really awesome for the money we pay.Its 1GB RAM and dual core-1GHZ runs everything fast and smooth.and yeah It just have one of the most impressive audio system in it. So my call is, this is really an awesome phone other than for the one major issue that I mentioned above.So If you are a hard core app fan..then think twice before buying this ..otherwise it just an awesome device with full value for the money you pay.
I had been using my Samsung Galaxy Y Duos for over a year and wanted to upgrader to a better handset. After long hours spent reading reviews on websites I narrowed down to the Lenovo P770. While waiting for the price to drop Sony announced the Xperia M. I knew at first glance that this would be the one for me. I bought the phone from a retail store where it was listed at Rs 13000 and after trading in my Y Duos at Rs 3500 I started on the road to being a Sony member. What I like immediately was the style of the Sony skin which looked sophisticated and stylish, compared to the clinical but efficient manner of the Samsung Touchwiz interface. Synced my contacts from my Gmail and I was all set. Voice calling was loud and clear. There was no hint of any lag at any time. It also has a few quick toggles in the notification bar. This is a welcome addition but lags behind the feature-rich toggles on modern Samsung phones. The camera takes excellent pictures in daylight in HDR mode (widescreen is available only at 3MP)and acceptable ones indoors. The FM Radio app was the icing on the cake for me with a beautiful interface. I may not use the NFC or ‘Throw’ option to share pictures to an HDTV but having those options is a feel-good factor. Misc feature is the ability to save screenshots from phone using the power button. Also comes with Sony Smart connect app (which can be downloaded from Play store) which is like a light version of Tasker. Only negatives could be the missing option to blacklist a caller and also the inability to customize the text on the lockscreen, both of which are available on the new Samsung handsets, even on the Rs 5000 Samsung Star. It also comes with quite a few apps pre-loaded which may not be to everyone’s taste but most can be uninstalled. I had considered the Galaxy Core as it was recommended by the sales man and I liked the screen and the phone seemed worth the money, but I had enough of the Samsung design. If you want to have a decent Android experience on a tight budget, look no further. This is the new Sony and I’m loving it.
THIS PHONE DOESN'T SUPPORT TRANSFERRING YOUR APPS TO EXTERNAL SD. APPS LIKE APP2SD, LINK2SD WHICH HELPS IN TRANSFERRING YOUR APPS TO YOUR EXTERNAL MEMORY DOESN'T WORK IN THIS PHONE EVEN AFTER ROOTING. THE INTERNAL MEMORY THOUGH STATED 4 GB AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE IS ACTUALLY 2 GB AVAILABLE MEMORY AND WITH THAT ITS NOT POSSIBLE TO INSTALL GAMES AND APPS WHICH ALWAYS NEEDS UPDATES. YOU CANNOT INSTALL OR TRANSFER YOUR APPS TO THE EXTERNAL MEMORY WHICH IS WHY THIS PHONE IS JUST AN USELESS DEVICE.
206 people have given it 5 star what else do you need that can proof that it is a great phone. *Headphones- Great *Screen - Good *Lags- No *Heating Problem - NO [used continuously for 2 hours, no heating at all] *Speakers - Good **NOTE - TO HELP MAKE YOU A INFORMED DECISION 3 October- I bought white variant SONY Xperia M for 11800. Black COLOR variant was 12399. 4 October- The day I got it's delivery (Sony Xperia M white) it's price was 11685. Black Sony Xperia M was 11778 * You need a Micro- Sim, you can't just trim your existing Sim ....
You can read the first two reviews and they give the outlook for the entire product. Whether you should buy or not can be concluded from these reviews. However, i am here to share my experience of clearing out confusion between xperia M, xperia L, samsung core I am not into samsung core because have been using samsung for the past two years. The only way of customizing the theme is by go launcher which is again a heavy app.Drifting away from Samsung, i was confused between Lumia 520 and this product. Eliminated Lumia 520 because ;- Go to windows app store and try reading the reviews people have given for using the simplest app - "Whatsapp" Confusion between xperia m and xperia L. They are one and the same except for the camera and the internal memory. And of course the 4K difference in price. I found xperia m more handy then L.(just a personal opinion) You cannot just stop grinning when you see the music player features. And the interface of this phone is so damn cool. You get the best of windows, android and ios(when the screen is locked) -----------MEMORY ISSUES---------- You get 1.5 GB for use. But, you have around 10 pre installed apps including fb, whatsapp, picart(better than photoshop express, foneclay(better than go launcher), converter,track id(like shazam), PAYTM and many more. Also go into the android folder and you will see demo videos each of around 14 mb in 4 different languages. After deleting all these videos,removing apps i wont use and after installing flipboard and bbc i am left with 1.6 GB. And voila, there is something called as a micro sd card. try using them if you have space issues.
The next day after i purchased the Xperia, I began experiencing problem with the handset. It would start heating up after 5 – 10 mins of use. I am unable to use the handset to answer calls or play games due to the above problem. I immediately reported the complaint to vendor [as it was not available in Flipkart during that time], they sent the phone for repair but the problem persists in spite of the repair. I once again [2nd time] showed the mobile to the dealers who had resend the mobile to Sony Services to relook into the problem. I have received the mobile after the service yesterday but sorry to say, I still face the problem, the handset still turns hot after use. I sat there in the dealers shop and showed the problem to the Staffs. They did see the problem and asked me to talk to Sony. On the same lines I was been asked to come to Sony Xperia service center in Jayanagar, Bangalore. I had been there to the service center this Saturday to show my Phone. I met a person there., [who almost seems to have his answer ready] and explained him the issue. He asked to me to show the problem. So I used my phone for about 10 Mins., the phone became Hot near the ear piece and I called him up and showed him. He just said., hah this., this is a known issue and all Sony phones have this problem. It is part of the product specification. I was surprised to hear that., the heating issue is part of the product specification. At which I was little furious [For Obvious reasons] and I told him how can he say that it is a product specification and how does he except me to use it. For which he gave me a Bizarre idea., that I should close all App’s., disable my Mobile Data., and use the phone only to talk and I can talk for hours ? He then called some body from the back end team but no luck he came to me with the same answer. Finally the verdict is., they cannot do anything., only thing they said they would do is., to give me in writing in their Letter Head., that Heating Problem is part of the specification. Has Anybody faced such Issue with this Phone.
I have been using this phone for over an year now. I didnt buy it from flipkart bought it from mobile store. Apart from the Photo quality, and Music quality nothing is good! The internal memmory sucks! They mention 4GB out of which only about 1.25GB (Approx.) is available for the user. Rest all is used up by Android and other stupid sony Apps which you are never gonna use. Add a few apps(instagram, a couple of games, whatsapp and a couple more general apps) and thats it your memory will be almost full. Then even if you need to update an app you need to go through a hell lot of task! And after a certain point of time you also stop receiving mails on your mobile! Unlike samsung or micromax you cannot move the apps to external memmory. All your apps remain in your internal memory. And because of the memory problem your phone starts working slowly. It hangs every now and then. This mobile claims to support multi-touch. But it doesn,t work well. Overall its a total waste of money! DON'T BUY THIS PHONE. You are far more better off with a micromax!
Hello friends, The phone is good enough with the speed, configs and other things.. But the most important thing - the OS hangs a lott..! Within 3 months of my usage, I have being switching it off every 3rd day for some or the other reason..! It is much better to invest in MOTO to get the best phone under budget... :-) Shop wise.. :-)
I bought this mobile for my dad.when ma dad asked me to select a mobile SONY came to my mind first.Thinking that its a great brand and atleast wont cheat users..my father loves to take photos.but in this phone after 3 0r 4 photos mobile starts to get hot(yeah HOT i mean not warm).camera perfomance is okay but not great ..only good thing it has got is GOOD BATTERY BACKUP & GOOD UI.MULTITASKING is good (THANK 1 GB RAM).WALKMAN (music app) is not the upto the mark of something we expect from a sony brand.BUT THE OVER HEATING PROBLEM HAS BECOME A NIGHTMARE !! PROS 1.good batterylife 2.smooth ui (no sony magic here !! just because 1 GB RAM) 3.sleek design 4.average camera 5.led notification 6.light weight CONS 1.battery heats up (u may afraid are you holding a bomb in your hand that may explode any time) 2.bad video recording and NO PAUSE FUNCTION in video camera (SONY u are great !) so guys choose wise live well...
This phone is marketed as a entry level phone but is definitely much more than that, if your budget is 13k and you don't want to buy micromax or other indian brands this a sure Buy!!! Camera is amazing although secondary camera nothing to write home about. Battery is a problem if continuous use of wifi or 3g data is made. the stamina mode is good addition but if you are a student or a busy guy working and needs to stay connected all the time this mode is of little help ( stamina mode: only lets your data and other connections stay on when your display is on and the moment you lock your phone and keep it aside it switches of effectively saving power however you may miss your important whatsapp and other emails in the process, i.e only when you use your phone back again will this msgs shown to you and not be readily available) Almost all games work flawlessly, however due to storage constraints you cannot play fifa14 or real racing 3. and in the end the most important thing for a android phones: phones in this range and below slow down after a while and start lagging even basic things like sending a txt or making a call become slow and thanks to 1gb ram in xperia m that is not a problem so you can load this with apps and games and it will still work like a charm. Trust me buy this phone you wont be disappointed and to add a note this phone looks much more premium and well built compared to samsung ones or for that matter any other phone in this price range so those accidental drops or when you throw away your phone in anger will lets say not damage the phone as much as samsung ones. the phone uses a microsim so a trip to the neighbourhood mobile shop may be necessary unless you have a microsim punch with you! so take a leap of faith and buy this phone you will not regret it!
As promised to myself, got this phone at 12K form FK. The phone is decent, but has its own issues. 1. App2SD won't work, and with only 2GB user memory to install anything, this is less if you plan to have Outlook, Gmail, FB, LinkedIn, Yahoo, WhatsApp etc sync the data all the time. Sony should allow access to install on SD cards with subsequent updates 2. To many pre-installed apps which you can't un-install. The apps are good, but when internal storage is a limitation, this bogs alot. Allow to un-install these apps with future updates 3. Touch is smooth, and phone is over-slim. Be cautious while using it with one hand, else it may slip 4. 4 inch screen is decent space to view apps, and to use as a phone. The soft-keys in bottom look nice, but should be customizable by user, giving more flexibility 5. With black hand-set Sony is giving white head-phones. This is strange.Seems they want to follow Apple's legacy. Black head-phones would be a better match 6. Camera (both front and rear) are good for basic usage. Do not expect they will ever replace DigiCam or SLRs. They work as expected 7. No updates to JB 4.2.2 from Sony. This is a pinch when you pay 12K for a phone. One can get JB 4.2.2 pre-installed in loads of MMX and similar phones. But not Sony Still exploring the hand-set. Will soon update with more.
Initially this phone found to be a good purchase , but slowly it has started decreasing its performance and even the battery backup is very poor. Not even 4 months now I have purchased the device , it has suddenly stopped responding and completely dead now. I will really not recommend this device to be purchased even if it says its brand as SONY. Lot of my households are from SONY , but I have never experienced such bad product by SONY.
1.Display is really good because you are talking about FWVGA(854*480) on a 3.8 inch screen(0.2 inch for the buttons).This is what I had been looking for.The L is just too large for its resolution.The SP,Z are tablets,not a phone.:-p. 2.Minimum requirement to play 1080p videos is 960*540 like in xperia P.They dont release it anymore.This has got enough to play 720p videos smoothly.When playiing videos or viewing photos,the full 4 inch becomes available. 3.Internal memory.Now thats a constraint.Not if you know what to do.But its still not quite enough.It is 2.05gb like a friend pointed out before.Only 1.49gb available.But you can clear off apps and get it up to 1.8gb.(Mind you,you can take bakup of these apps on to your external card). 4.Graphics-adreno 305.Even Z only has adreno 320.But due to lack of enough space,it cant play games like most wanted which needs approximately 1.9gb of internal space.There is a weird problem with vice city that when the player gets into a car,the game freezes.The same was there for L as well.There is something between adreno 305 and vice city.But fellas there is always GTA3.Its smooth.Dead trigger,Total Recall,Virtual tennis,asphault 7,riptide.all working smoothly(no surprise). 4.1ghz s4 dual core processor. 5.Beautiful notification light settings.I keep the notification as turquoise light.Its so beautiful at the bottom. 6.Camera.I would say its just sufficient.Its one reason why people would go for the L(8mp),but not sure about its clarity as well.Camera is not bad.but not good either.You cant compare it with the camera of nokia 520.But,hey presto,520 doesn't have flash.this does,which is why i say,Its sufficient.I wouldn't go for the L,as it is huge.And I have seen the white L(is not good looking),the notification light is not good. 7.I would have probably bought the L if it had better screen resolution or smaller screen or better looks or atleast the same kind of notification light.Its my own personal opinion though. 8.Believe me,the price of M will go up.There is no doubt about that. 9.The camera is popping out.Will get scratched easily if kept in rough surfaces.So take good care of the camera as if you place it on the floor with the screen facing you,the camera is the first thing that touches the floor if you know what i mean. 10.I played a 4.7gb 720p file on this.It played it smoothly.It can play any 720p.It just cant play 1080p though.Playing videos only comes down to the resolution.Get a 32 gb card.Its a wise choice to get a 32gb,trust me on this one. 11.No hangs 12.Sound clarity pretty good.But you got to have good headphones like the creative ep 660.
Excellent Product from Sony after cpl of prd, Nice performance, & Up gradable to And 4.3 with all new Features
after using the phone for less than a month it's front camera stopped working flipkart is worst online seller for electronic gooods
I purchased Sony xperia m last year ,It was working fine until my microphone stopped working.I took it to service centre,There I found more than 80% of customers are unsatisfied of Sony mobiles. Some of their problems even arised next day of purchase, phone need to be handled with carefully, a small dot can void your warranty.The major problem of Sony phones is in their hardware pheriperals like display screen,battery charging,mic etc. Even sony takes more than 15 days to replace the damaged hardware , so it takes a very long time.Guys service is worst... Sometimes Sony company call you in order to place the warranty that may take more than a month. Please beware of Sony xperia mobiles... Xperia m is one of the highest risk phone, I don't know about Sony quality control, what they are doing? Don't they test the product well before selling it in market....
Service is good as usual, but the product had issue in its charging point. Tried with other chargers as well, but didn't charge properly. Have given it to Sony service centre. Warranty card is NOT filled, so not accepted. Flipkart used to be good when it had just WS-Retail as the seller. So I don't have to worry about the goods, but now that it has become a market place, I see that flipkart has lost the edge once it enjoyed when it says 'All products sold on flipkart.com is 100% genuine'
First of all the product is fantastic. Anyone will fall in love with this mobile. It's the perfect phone. But the negative thing about this phone is that you have 2 GB (1.89 GB) inbuilt memory and the apps get installed on this memory. On the top of it, there are pre-installed company applications on it. Also, the phone restarts if the top right end of the phone gets pressed in pocket or answering a call. So you have to beware of using it cautiously. If you want to buy this phone, I would recommend you to buy Moto G. It's wise to spend few extra bucks rather than messing with the 2 GB memory. Do not root your phone because you'll lose your warranty. Thanks to WS Retail for super fast delivery.
I got this mobile only for Rs 10406 and also got a free Head phone of sony MDR ZX110 A worth rs 1390 so by this price point am satisfied with this product. Advantages *Otg (But it support only fat 32 formatted pen drive i checked,any one who like otg buy it good choice) *Battery backup (heavy usage 8-9 hrs including 1/2 hrs GPS(in back ground music player),2 hrs stand by, 2 hrs video watch,2 hrs Facebook,whats app,web browsing,4 hrs music player.But one problem i seen is first 10 % discharging is too fast (100 to 90 %) with in 1 hr. Medium usage you will get 1.5 days *High speed internet access upto 21 mbps *stylish(buy purple it better) *notification light *booting speed is great *Lag Free Cons *Internal memory very low you only 1.5 gb for apps installation,after chrome and other valuable updates the internal memory will down to 1 gb. *About 1 hr required to charge from 99 % to 100 % *There will be no chance for get Kitatkat update Instructions(who already buyed this phone) * noise ,call clarity problem ,MMI code error these are not handset error this is due to network error so whenever this error come then change to GSM mode. So this price point i rate it 5 star. Haed phone Review( sony MDR ZX110 A) Nice one ,Medium bass,treble.Any one Who like music its a good one Rieview about Flipkart The service from flipkart is very good(awesome) i think i already buyed about rs 20000 INR products from flipkart (packing is very good). *[warning]But there courier service Ekart logistics is worst .Due to mishandling the shape of the packed boxes seen in their godown are very terrible .But my package has no problem i only face some delivery related issues (any one from Ernakulam Contact to this number(E kart logitics Ekm: 8129822429)). I think due to there courier service there is a chance for huge reduction in sale
-> Product quality is poor. -> Lot of heat during vocie calls..bcz of high radiation effect ->I don't recommend this to others.
i thought of purchasing sony xperia m in flip kart the cost u displaying outside is less and if we coming inside ur website the displayed cost is too high..in amazon.com they are giving lesser than u.
i bought this mobile two weeks ago from a shop... its a gud one amongst android... bt i wud suggest others to buy nokia lumia 525 which has already been announced in india... http://www.flipkart.com/nokia-lumia-525/p/itmdsb2tuyzppxfr?pid=MOBDSAVHSYM4R7TA&ref=0f6af794-88ed-4904-9ca2-8f1b8d505258
Cons Poor: Camera quality, Internal memory, Gaming experience Pros: Waste due to low internal memory & apps cant moved to SD card If u root the phone its worth to see movies play games
Hi Guys. I bought this one on 25th November from Univercell, Chennai.. It works only with Micro Sim.. so i had to go and get it from AirTel, since i m using a corporate CUG post paid..i had no time.. so i decided to use it without sim for a week.. First day, i felt like 5MP camera is no good.. second day i felt like audio quality is very average.. third day display is out.. please mind that i m yet to use it with AirTel Sim... don know wat to say about it.. please just don go for it..nothing else.. thanks for taking time to read this...
I just unboxed my Xperia M and what I saw is a absolute masterpiece. This is how a phone should be made. This is the perfect combination of killer looks, solid build quality and awesome software. This is the REAL VALUE for MONEY. Peace Of Mind :)
Buy with assurance, no lagging but heating issue when continuosly playing high quality games, other than that it is d best handset for price. ,
Recently bought a sony xperia m (black) anybody thinking on buying average budget mobile between 10k to 15k den no better choice den this mobile. 1) Good camera 2)Good sound 3)Awesome looks Thankful to flipkart for fast delivery i got it within 3 days!!!
Bottomline - RAM and the Generation of processor MATTERS ! See the specifications, you'll find that in similar range - Samsung galaxy core or ace 3 (same kind of specs) - the processor is old..cortex a9 in fact, even older in s duos (lower end cortex a5). You will not get a dual core Snapdragon S4 pro processor in such a price, except Lumia (windows phone), which is already known for fantastic performance. So why not get the same with android ! RAM is 1gb - it matters a lot. For those opting for Micromax canvas 2, I'd like to tell them that however great be the specifications and lower the price of the model, its RAM is 512mb only...and it might suffer the same lagging and hanging fate that Galaxy S duos users face now after 2-3 years of use. So keeping the logic of phone's long life and use in mind, Xperia M is the best bet you will get in the price you can spend. Mark this - it is NOT overpriced...as sony phones are generally believed to be. The specifications and interface justify this, you can compare it with other sony models like Xperia U. This one is very optimally designed, they might be not. Its works like a charm for me. Be on the safe side and give this one a try.
I purchased the phone from another online retailer since Flipkart's price is much higher. I have been using this phone for the last few days and so far it has been a satisfactory experience. Pros: 1. Adequate processing power, there is no lag in opening any application, even after a number of applications have been opened and closed. 2. Display is nice, and color balance is very good. The default display setting is rather dark, so you need to increase the brightness and tweak one or two other options to get a very crisp display. 3. Audio quality is excellent. I have a huge collection of 320kbps mp3 files, and Im playing them one after the other ever since I got the phone. There are a number of sound tweaking options which really enhance your listening experience. 4. The phone updated itself to firmware version 15.1.C.1.17 soon after I installed the PC suite. The upgrade process was lengthy, but automated and completely hassle free. Cons: 1. Only 4GB of internal memory, this should have been 8GB. But I have purchased a 32GB Transcend micro SD card (class 4), so I havent felt any memory crunch yet. (Purchased the memory card from Flipkart). 2. Viewing angles are not very good. 3. Sony installs any number of completely useless apps. You have to go on uninstalling or disabling them one by one. I had not even heard of some of the apps that came pre-installed. Overall I would say that for this price point it is a superb phone. It handles very nicely, display is crisp and audio playback is excellent. I am rating it 4 only because of the useless pre-installed apps, otherwise Id have given a 5.
finally a nice budget phone from sony after xperia u i am not going to write anything about the specs since it's available everywhere this is my second xperia smartphone, after mini pro sk17i improvements have been made in the sony ui, walkman, album, movie apps are awesome battery backup is good considering to a 4" display no bravia engine, but display is still good camera is pretty average, same as xperia u or sk17i the headphones supplied(mh410c) are a joke, better to throw them away even a 200 inr sony headphone is louder( i checked with mdr e9a) loudspeaker is good, expected rom sony the phone is super light. it's way lighter than maximum 4" phones out there final verdict: go for xperia m(single/dual), best deal available at this price range if you are an xperia user, you know what i mean if you are not, buy an xperia, you will never think about buying any other smartphone people buying from flipkart get a micro sim or a sim cutter first (this phone has a micro sim slot) nfc is working fine, just bought two nfc tags, even reads my metro smart card :D also tested the usb otg cable, working with my pen drives wsr just slashed the prices by 1000 inr, the best deal available right now ws retail disappointed me this time. delivery was fast but the packing was not good at all it was literally crushed, looked like it had been packed in a hurry
i placed my order(when price was Rs.12990+offer Etechies SmartPhone 1 Year Extended Basic Protection) on 30 August,got it on 4 Sept though delivery date was 3rd Sept. Now regarding the product DESIGN AND LOOKS: it is extremely lightweight and the design and looks are also very good. PERFORMANCE: it has got 1gb ram,1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4, Dual Core processor with adreno 305 GPU.These are Specs,now reality check as i am a gaming freak i have played temple run1,2 and oz,subway surfer,etc.but i haven't felt any lag(though when music is playing in background i have experienced lag in temple run oz at the time of change in song but it lasts for only1-2 secs so no need to worry also i can't play heavier games like asphalt8 as it has got low internal memory issues).Apps run smoothly as well.Now as some have said about restart problems till now i didn't have faced such problems everything runs smooth and fine. CAMERA: Primary camera is good but secondary camera is not satisfactory(but i m not a photographer). CALL QUALITY: again thumbs up fom me as it is loud and clear The only worry is its internal memory which is only 4 gb with 1.48 gb free when u will open it first time but u can free some space by uninstalling preinstalled apps,and yes rooting is always an option to move apps to sd card. Finally at this price it is value for money.I was confused between L620 & xperiaM(core was never an option as its reviews showed it lags heavily and also processor and GPU are outdated).After comparing the specs,i chose M for Its 1 gb Ram(as i can't expand ram but can move apps to sd card after rooting) and android(no. of apps).Otherwise u can go for L620 also as its also got same processor and GPU so nothing more to choose from. WRAP UP: IF U R A GAMING FREAK AND UR BUDGET IS ARND 13K THEN GO FOR IT OR IF U R PASSIONATE ABT PHOTOGRAPHY THEN GO FOR L620
I am writing this review based on my expeience after 2-3 month of purchase. I will not go into too much spec and details as it has been mentioned. The pros and cons are as following: a.Pros: i. Graphics: Very good due to Adreno 205, compared to Samsung mobiles (Adreno 203 in many models in these range) ii. Processor: Excellent due to dual core Qualcomm. iii.Battery Life: Very good, with moderate usage goes for 1 day atleast. Guys who are looking for Android mobile should consider it as good. Battery is 1750 MAH which is a plus. iv. RAM: 1 GB RAM is also a big boost. v. OS: Its 4.1 jelly bean. And as the RAM is 1 GB, we can be sure of that this phone is going to support the next Android version for the coming years. vi. Apps: Sony comes up with some pre-installed android apps and maximum are usefuls. Though you can get it fom play store also. vii. Storage: Though internal storage is said as 4 GB, but user gets 2.5+ GB for usage, whic is not that bad.For extra memoy you can go for micro sd upto 32 GB. viii. Display: If you are fan of jumbo 5-7 inches phone then you might be a little dissapointed. But if you like the size which fits into your pocket, then 4 inch display is ideal and screen resoultion is also good(reasonable dpi). ix. Design: Sony xperia M is sleek and is much lighter than one will expect. Cons: i. Sound: Though Sony is known fo its sound quality, the quality is fine when used with headphones. But would have expected a little bit moe from the speeaker phones. ii. Camera: Xperia M has dual camera (Rear: 5.0 MP and front: 0.3 MP) with LED flash, which is fine. But would have been happier if it do produce a little bit better image quality. Overall this mobile is a good purchase in this 13.K range for guys who love android over Windows 8 (Lumia series) and are serious about radiation (Micromax,Lava,Karbon).
awesome, i have bought xperia m black. and i happy to get that. As far as looks goes, this phone is really pretty and sleek. 9/10 for it. Only iPhone 4 beats it which is a dozen thousand expensive. Turning on the display made me feel really good. I expected a dull screen but trust me, the screen is better than Xperia L or SP which are expensive devices than this. The screen is sharp and colors are nice and punchy. 10/10 for such a screen at such a price. The processor and RAM were the two most interested things. As expected, it didn't let me down and it runs as smooth and fluid as any other Android device would. Sony could easily earn 10/10 overall for the processor and RAM itself. The inbuilt memory isn't great and you get a mere 2 GB for apps and games as you can't use SD card for those. But, still I feel it's good enough as popular games always fall into 20-40 mb range. Meaning you could have around 50+ Games and Apps which isn't bad at all. Being a play station certified phone, the gameplay was great. No complains about that at all.
Bought this phone from local shop in Chandni Chowk , Kolkata for 12,250....saw all the 4 colours before buying and just fell in love with yellow and purple..Finally went for the beautiful yellow one as i was gifting this to my Fiance... This phone is unbeatable at this price...Infact its too good to be true...we were being fleeced by other companies till now and with this phone Sony has revolutionized the market...this phone is selling like hot cakes.... Pros: Everything and anything. Compare this with L which is 4k expensive...Only screen size, internal memory and camera better on L but 4k more required...Internal memory of 1.5 Gb available is enough for intermediate user and advanced users can always root the phone later and make sd-ext partition to increase internal memory...screen size of 4 inch is ideal plus pixel density on M better than L..Camera is better in L , but do u wanna pay 4k more for camera? Cons Camera is good but not brilliant..but then for 12k , the camera is more than above average. Frankly, I am forcibly finding a fault :)..This phone is flawless... This is the best phone in market....Choose between yellow and purple ..both look excellent on phone ..personally i loved the yellow a tad better considering i was buying for a girl...
Battery performance is not good. it always hangs.after buying from 2-3 days it always hangs.always restart your phone.
Hey Guys, just wait Moto G is coming to India early January. Its lot better device than this. Just google it!
I ordered Sony Xperia M through Flipkart and received the consignment in good condition. The phone is good value for money. It has a good LCD screen and the colors are vivid. The sound quality is good but not great. Earphone quality is not so good, coming from Sony. The touch screen is responsive and the phone runs smoothly, even when gaming. It does however have a few problems. The phone restarts and the camera key in my phone does not work. I have lodged a complaint with Flipkart and as of now they are giving me standard replies, notwithstanding the 30 day replacement guarantee. Lets see how it goes.
This phone is good if you are lucky enough to get a device without any hardware problem. Battery life is good, camera is good, etc. But of late I came across many cases in which people got defective sony devices. In my case, the phone had hardware problems right after the first month of its purchase. First the audio jack stopped working. I got this repaired under warranty but after a week the phone went dead and couldn't be switched on. This too got repaired under warranty - they replaced the motherboard. After 1 week of use my touch screen stopped responding. Again I had to run to the service center to get it replaced. Now even after being repaired for the third time the phone continues to have some issues with its screen - it blacks out sometimes. I guess its time to change the phone now. The after sales service of sony service center in extremely BAD!!! My phone had to be repaired 3 times in just 3 months from purchase. Each of the repairs took about 15 days. The representatives in the service center are not at all helpful and friendly and I guess they are technically untrained (sadly my phone is still not working well after 3 repairs at sony service center!!!!!) They treat you like they are doing you a great favor by repairing your phone under warranty.
I never expected from Sony, Till now there is no update available to my phone. They are showing partiality in update, First update getting to western countries , later and not guarantee to India.....Don't buy
I wanted an android smartphone under Rs 15000 and had a hard time choosing. I was sure that I'd get something from a reputed brand, like Samsung, Sony or HTC. But I could not decide. At the time of buying this Samsung had all the rage to the point that everyone and their dog had a Samsung phone! When I asked, people would naturally remark how their Galaxy smartphone triumphs over everything else in the market. But I being who I am, decided to make the "less-popular" choice. Call it a risk but for months before buying I stalked Sony's Xperia smartphones online instead of going the familiar Samsung route. I wanted to be "different". More particularly, Xperia M For months, I compared technical specs, performance data and user reviews. I watched hundreds of YouTube video review of the phones until I could come to the conclusion which eventually led me to buy it. Unlike most of Samsung Galaxy's Cortex processor, Xperia uses Krait. A dual core Krait is a win for me. Because believe it or not, a 1 GHz Dual Core Krait will outperform a 1.2 GHz Cortex any day. And is much better at gaming than Cortex. I am a gamer so I looked up the GPU as well. Xperia M uses Adreno 305.That's a pretty quality GPU for a budget phone. Another score! Memory is 1 GB which is quite sufficient to run most android applications and still have room for running games. Many phones at this range will offer you upto 768 MB so hey, you should be proud of this little phone. Gaming was one of my goals when I wanted a smart phone. And at this price, I can't think of any other phone that beats it at gaming. Games like Final Fantasy III, Chaos Rings, Asphalt 7: Heat and Dead Trigger runs like it was running as smooth as they would on an high-end handset. Quite simply the problem to run games on this phone is not the processing hardware. It's the storage. More on that later. The connectivity feature-set is cool. The phone sports NFC (Near Field Communication) technology. There is screen mirroring which lets you project your smartphone screen to a TV. The usual WiFi and Bluetooth stays. It's WiFi range is pretty huge because if I turn it on and walk around I pick up signals (albeit weak, due to the distance) from buildings far across the street. Music and Video playback is great. It comes with Sony's signature Walkman app. And it's all the music fix you'd ever need unless you are into internet radio, in which case there are options, like WinAmp. The volume is not too high and the phone warns you the first few times if you jack it up too high. Sony's default Video Player app is just a simple Video player that remembers the exact position of the last video you played. However I was disappointed with its inability to support external subtitle files and any video above 720p. Downloading and installing MX Player will fix that right up for you though. Xperia M comes with a 4 inch screen. Although small by many "phablet" standards, let me remind you of how Apple still prefers a 4 inch screen on their much expensive iPhones. Any more you'd need to use both your hands to operate them, unless you have really large hands! Camera is not the best. With 5 MP, works like a charm in daylight. But nothing like a Nokia or an iPhone camera. 0.3 MP front camera does it's purpose: just let others see you. Don't expect it to capture your face in full HD glory in video calls. Seriously if you want to take really great photographs get a camera, not a phone. My greatest complain is probably the low internal storage. It claims to have a 4 GB internal storage but 2 GB is eaten up by the system and you cannot even use it. Sony decided to fill about 600 MB of the remaining 2 GB with bloated apps that you'd want to delete as soon as possible. It came bundled with heavy apps like Opera, Mcafee Antivirus, OfficeSuite and Adobe Reader. If you do delete them, you'd get about 2 GB free at most. That's pretty bad if you want to install multiple high-end games considering you void warranty if you root this phone to access any external storage for installation. I couldn't try out games like Need for Speed: Most Wanted, The Dark Knight Rises or Modern Combat for this reason. It comes with Android Jellybean 4.1 and so far it works just fine. You probably won't get updates to KitKat so be warned. Sony packs a third party File Explorer called File Commander but it lacks the ability to handle compressed archives like ZIP files. I essentially substituted that with AndroZip which is much superior to File Commander in my opinion. I payed Rs 12700 after a major discount offer on Flipkart. It also came with a free charger with a bad reputation but that's another story. The phone alone made my purchase worth it. So if you are on a similar budget and are a multimedia freak like me, Xperia M should satisfy you. For those with multiple SIMs there is also a dual-sim version for Xperia M which is the same phone but a bit pricier. I hope you make the right choice.
I have used xperia m for about 2-3 days and i am glad to saw that it doesn't hang at all.The processing of the phone is perfect.Screen is responsive too. But this phone fails in giving access to hd games like asphalt 8,fifa 14,etc due to its 4gb internal memory does is a big drawback in this phone. The camera is not up to mark and capture blur pics in low light. But if you can ignore these points then its a best buy for you in this price tag.
A not so good product in the already over-valued line of Xperia series, only to grab a big share in the world smartphone market, which is already conquered by Apple, Samsung, HTC. Overvalued Crappy Secondary Camera Low internal storage Single SIM
mobile service is not good and this phone is getting more problems... I purchased 14000 ... 1 year old mother board having problem they told replace mother board cost 7000
I bought this item from Flipkart and not yet satisfied completely. I ordered this just because of the Brand name "SONY". Many defects as far as my knowledge. 1. Speakers are not that good (sound volume). 2. Very bad in connecting to the internet. 3. There is always a network problem with this hand set. You cannot hear others voice clearly and the calls are being disconnected frequently. 4. MRP shown by FLIPKART was around 15k. MRP printed on the handset cover was around 10k plus and I got it for Rs.10,390. There are many more to list on....just don't want to waste my time anymore. Be sure before buying. Rest....God helps.... thanQ
Don't buy this mobile this is very delicate mobile comparative Karbonn Android One Sparkle V 100% better choice same futures very strong mobile.
Looks are ok. speed is ok. Camera is fine but the Big Problem is less than 2GB internal memory which fills up fast. you cant move the apps to SD card also. cant load any games or big apps. Never buy this phone. Its waste of money.
there is no 4gb internal memory its jst 2gb (user memory 1gb) plz be aware of it n guyz before buying this product check out its features in your nearby sony showroom plz!!!!!!!
stylish look good features, great cameras , good sounds etc .. its a great phone trust me on this price thank you flipkart
I've been using the phone for almost 3moths now. Pros 1. Sleek design 2. Good display Cons 1. Comparatively high radiation (1.239W/kg) 2. Overheating while using mobile data or a long call 3. Very average camera 4. Poor front camera 5. Average battery life 6. Low internal storage 2.7GB out of 4GB 7. Cant move app or app data to SD card (rooting required)
The processing is very slow, which is frustrating me. But the sound and picture clarity of front camera is good as sony has been giving always. secondary camera is completely waste.
Only on Pros: Sound Quality Too many cons: camera, display, hanging problem, restart frequently etc.
i bought a sony xperia m last month.its d biggest mistake of my life.the phone gets disconnected on its own while in conversation.a few keys r pressed widout my touching the screen.the local mobile repairer says its a manufacturing defect.i have lost my money n confidence in sony.
Hi friends I bought this phone at almost 10000 rs. But its is very worst and dumb phone. I suggest you please do not buy this phone. its has 5 mp camera with flash. But its working like a VGA camera and from of camera you can not see himself. if you want to buy in this range i will prefer to Mote E. It has no flash and front of camera. But clarity is better then Sony Xperia M. This is my first phone of Sony but its has been lost of my trust of Sony brand.
I am using this handset since last 6 months...and I would like to inform you guys that it is an awesome phone made by Sony..I have updated this device with it's newer version of firmware which comes with android 4.3..and now enjoying the best performance of this device,camera quality has been improved,and the user interface is now smoother than the previous version of the android.......sound quality is also very good,better than any other Nokia and Samsung phones in this budget range,phone is also very fast....overall the phone is very good..
Easy to Use Easy to Hack Everything is Best in this mid-range phone... Best phone ever in the world at this range...
Was confused between Xperia M and Moto G. Has USB OTG support straight out of the box. So no APP required. Of the in built 4GB space, only 2GB is user accessible, but has Micro SD card slot, hence it should not be of any concern. Moto G has a better display and Graphical performance, but all said and done, you will never regret if you prefer Xperia over Moto.
Thanks for on time delivery from flipkart, as usual. As almost all the reviews says, in this price range the phone includes all features you are looking for a smart phone. I am using this phone for past 5 months and it is working fine. But consider following issues before you make a decision: 1) You can not install application on SD card!!!. The internal memory is 4GB and 2.5GB already filled with inbuilt application, google updates and android. You get remaining 1.5GB and it is too insufficient for keeping your application. your phone always says "storage space running out". You start deleting apps from your phone.App2SD will not help any more. Form Sony support I got a reply saying they are not going to fix this issue. 32GB expandable memory card can be used only as a mass storage device, just to store your movies and pics 2) If mobile data enabled , the phone gets heated up in few minutes if a call is received or made. It gets heated up more near to ear piece and you may need to keep it away from your ear. This is annoying and it happen more often. 3) Speaker phone does not have any noise reduction. If you put speaker phone, the it is too difficult for other person to understand your conversation.
the phone heats up considerately after using 3g for 10 mins. and sony has no answer for it. so do think before u buy..
Dear friends, I m putting this my review after six month of my phone purchasing.... While consider on Look, sound and price phone is awesome but noticing towards performance it fails, mostly poor battery Backup poor camera. It works on exothermic phenomenon means becomes too much hot when browsing, gaming or video...
very first let me tell you. i've buy this phone after so many No's. and you wont believe me i'm very much satisfied with this awesome product in this price range. i've updated my android to 4.3 and now it is far better than before. Music Player (Walkman)... sound quality is what as you can expected from sony. no doubt awsome. very much color ful phone in theme and all. changing the color theme automatically while you switch the song is fantastic. i'm using Sony first time at risk---- but in future for sure i'll go for high range of Sony like z and upper model.
Its a very good phone for the value u pay for it. Very good hardware. But i feel there is some issue with my phone as the battery never gets 100% charge.. Max it reaches 99%. Hope Sony/Flipkart hears this issue.
I bought many things from flipkart, recently i bought Sony Xperia M. Flipkart sent this product within committed despatch time. I luv this product ofcourse everyone know sony is best in industry.
The Xperia m i got last week is quite a well built phone having its own Strong points and weaknesses!. @ Quality Built: Gives Premium look @Good Battery Backup: It stands for a 1 full dae after an average 2 heavy use.. but struggles sometime @Nice Display @Performace and Gaming : Upto the mark. Really satisfied @Lack of internal memory: Struggling to install apps. really dissappointed considering all the other features. this disability persists even after the 4.3 update Overall a Really good package for its price!!.
I have been using this mobile for past 2 months with about 1-2 hours of internet usage. Battery lasts for about 3 days. No issues found so far. Music quality with inbuild walkman app is good with effects like hall, club, ...
Stylist, smoother & faster as I expected. it has enough camera quality. But it has only 4GB internal storage which is not enough for high-fi games or apps. I think its simply better for medium use.
This is nice smart phone in this range and never hang. Run smoothly and light weight. Nice performance with big screen.
bought this for my wife......was one of the best phones for this price range....my wife has been pleased with the performance of this product from sony
On site it shows the 4GB internal memory but actually it has TOTAL SPACE of 2.05GB. Gone through the video which shows 4GB too, got disappointed at this point.
Pros: 1. fast, intuitive interface 2. been almost 7 months the device has not given me any problems at all. 3. Voice quality and picture quality surpasses samsung and the likes 4. Notification lights and the available choice of colours for them is impressive. 5. mirroring is mostly hassle-free Cons: 1. Screen brightness is not as high the the LED screens that samsungs come with; everything else is a lt better. The glass is not that strong, my car key scratched the surface. 2. THE EXTERNAL SD CARD IS INACCESSIBLE FOR APPS. you cannot install NFS and such bigger games. Because of the android limitation. If Sony releases updates upto android 4.4 , this may be resolved. The last update was released in Nov/dec 2013. no updates since then. The cons of this phone are still manageable and not that idiosyncratic, keeping in mind the money you pay for it. The hardware quality of the essentials seems Way better than the competition. the glass/display-related issues do not make a substantial difference in the experience this phone delivers.
This is a very good product. It has a 1GB RAM. It has a branded snapdragon processor. It has a very good speaker. It has a display of 4". It has got a latest feauters and good camera. I got it for 11600 when the market rate was 13500. Hats off to flipkart.
It has been 6 months since this mobile has made it's presence in the market, so far it has given me a good back-up and for the given budget and features i am satisfied for the offering. The +ves: 1) Looks nice and slim, easy to hold in hand without worrying that it might fall. 2) Best in class performance: Never lets you down in this front, the dual core works faster 3) The walkman software gives you best clarity ever, the clear audio is a boon and works like a charm, and if paired with good quality earphones, one can have a best time listening to music. 4) Sony as always has best screen quality than my previous phone (S Duos) 5) The qwerty typing has a great feedback and the accuracy is awesome that the texting rate goes smoothingly fast! The --ves: 1) 5MP Camera has the worst quality ever made, there is presence more of blue colorish pics.quite uneasy to access camera features too. 2) Not all ear-phones are mated to this phone (Denon aren't compatible to this phone) 3) The charging port is in the right hand side inconveniently placed and uncomfortable to operate some times. 4) Battery goes down easily with usage of internet. Some good and bad bits: 1) The back cover should be handled carefully, there are chances of breaking cover if removed forcefully. 2) If internet isn't used and just use some 2 or three softwares the battery gives you more than 2 days of back-up. 3) Settings take time to get adjusted to, also its limited unlike samsung. Wallpaper can't be set fully. Finally, it's a good phone in the budget and if you can consume the camera clarity in this mobile and want a sony product, this is the one to go for. I think Moto G has been released recently, do consider this one too.
Hi Nice Mobile OF Sony Xperia M Single Sim Of Best Mobile I am purchase Mobile and my Friend Purchase
This is a very good phone and i am using it for the past 3 months. The hardware specifications are best in this category(if you ignore the Indian manufactures) the only short-come is that it has only 4gb of internal memory. With such low memory you won't be able to install most HD games in the device as most require more then 300MB space as some even around a GB. With 4gb you will get just 2gb internal memory that too should be at-least 400mb reserved for android for other tasks leaving just around 1.6gb for the user. I would rather suggest to go for it's bigger brother the xperia L which comes with 8GB internal memory enough for the gaming and application requirement for medium range phones.
I got my phone one my hands today at noon. 1st of all The packaging is too good. I ordered a 16GB MMC and athis XPERIA M. Ordered it on Sunday, Got it on tuesday noon. To comment..... 1) Looks and Appearance - Awesome look and feel. Super light. It comes with a Fat screen and Camera Guard by default. Lift off the camera cover. The specialty of the sexiness of this phone is it has a small light at the bottom which changes colour as per the main displayed colour in the screen. And it is too decent. Only Writing on the phone is SONY at the back and front. And a small box for NFC makes it even sexier. And the phone is complete edged. So smooth and sexy is Sony than Samsung or any other brands. Default Packaging - The main box have another internal box for the mobile and its tight, So very less Transit Fault or Damage may occur. It has a small charger adapter with a USB port, so the advantage is you can use the connection cable as both charger and data cable. It has a manual, a big battery and P.N - Read the back cover opening tutorial or you may end up with a broken back cover. Technical Details - The Galaxy Core and XP M is kind of same priced. But every thing except int memory is way better than Core. It has OTG, 5 MP Good camera ( FOR PRO GET A DSLR ), Has a flash and And a Lot of Options for camera like, HDR/PAN/ISO/, etc etc . It has default camera set to 3MP, you can always make it up to 5. Sound is Greeeat. The mobile will Vibrate in you hands when listening to BASSy Songs (ME A PRE SOUND ENGINEER. SO YOU CAN TRUST ME) . Display is too clear and bright. Has ~245 Pixel Density. V Good resolution. Now it has a Krait CPU with Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Chipset and with an Adreno 305 GPU, with 1 GB RAM. The main bang for buck. So Multi Tasking, Playing HD Games During DATA CONN, GPS ON, will be flaw and lag less. No branded phones have given the above things at ~13490. Next up is this Phones supports 720p Camera/recording/Video playback. Heats less too. And Battery Backup is Quite Fair. Seller Info - WSRetail. The best Shop in Flipkart. The delivery man told me that WSRetail is the shop of Flipkart it self. I bought everything from WS retail, even when There were no custom choosing of Online Vendors. WS retail never gave Defective Goods. Some people might have experienced bad, But still, no one is able to give perfect materials all the time. So, Customers, Whenever you buy something from Flipkart, Look for WS retail Availability. Thank you..... EDIT :- A Little Problem - This is a problem I found when Browsing the Phone for some days Don't have any file managers coded by Sony like of Samsung. It does not have a "MY FILES" personal file manager made by Sony like of Samsung. I Think Sony have a deal with Mobi systems, coz Its inbulit file manager, Office Suite is of Mobi Systems. Office suite does not have a fit to screen in Zoom Mode and thats why you have to scroll horizontally to read a document. specially PDF. Samsung's File manager have an option to set default directory. But Xp M's file commander does not have an option for that. You have to download Externals like Astro File Manager to do that. Secondly I found a problem of Bluetooth for a while. After 3 or 4 Big File sending, BT doesn't works. Every time when selected to send, Notif bar says "Preparing Bluetooth device" and after that you can send. But after 3 - 4 big Transfers, Preparing stops and no BT work. It restores to Normal after restart. Dont know if it only happens to me, or a Bug in os. 3rd Ly, Being and despite of Too Fast, Smooth, Hi - Res, And Too good from Hardwares, Samsung's customized android and algorithm is better than Sony. So Previous Samsung users like me, Will have to Adjust and compromise a Little Bit. U can't Slide to call, dont have a good galary like samsung, Still have an album, But Samsung's was better. So After little Adjustment you will find it good. From Hardware, Its very very good. Software You have to Adjust. So if you got time to Mess with, Go for it definitely .....
It is a moderate handset for its price band. Pros: Sleek design, light weight, excellent battery life, clear sound clarity, nice alarm and ringtones. Cons: Poor GPRS signal on 2G network, short data transfer/charging cable, old fashioned handsfree headset. I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 mini and Sony Xperia M with same mobile connections. Most often there will not be any GPRS signal on Xperia M but my S3 is always on network. This is a big let down for this handset. I am shifting to 3G hoping that it will improve the data transfer. The charging cable is really short, you have to always look for a suitably placed power socket to charge your handset. Sony has given a old fashioned (not earbud type) handsfree headset in the box !!! Also be aware that this set needs a MICRO-SIM, this was not mentioned in the specification page of either Flipkart of Sony mobile !!!! Flipkart/WSretail delivery was bang on time (3 days) and I have received the handset and accessories in good conditions.
xperia m vs galaxy core 1ghz dual core krait vs 1.2ghz dual core cortex a5 everyone may think that core is faster due to higher clock speed but it is not true b'coz xperia m has krait architecture which is much faster. adreno305 vs adreno 203 Adreno 305 is more than capable of running graphic intensive games smoothly but adreno203 is much slower. In all benchmarks xperia m beats core comprehensively. Go for core only if you want better camera and better screen size.
great performance. high speed processing. highest memory of RAM in its class. excellent!!!. it has excellent features like wifi direct, NFC , SCREEN MIRRORING.
Very Very Good Product in this price range. Has got more than expected features. If you have a plan of buying a smart phone, check this product before buying or else you will regret. Excellent Finish, Quality, Look & Sleek design. Has got all the features of a Samsung Series Plus Sony special features of Camera and Audio Quality. Dont Miss this Sony Xperia M. Thanks. S.Karthik
The phone is a very good entry level xperia phone. good specs for the price. Audio quality is awesome. I also have a Micromaxx Canvas Turbo and it costed me around 20k. compare that and the xperia i would still choose xperia as it has much much better audio quality and the after sales service. You can upgrade the firmware to JB 4.3. Its good over all. Display and specs wise turbo is awesome. Cmon see the price diff.
I bought my SONY XPERIA M one month back. From my experience, this is an Awesome phone. If you are looking for a mobile within a range of 10,000- 20,000 rupees, Get this phone. I love this phone Camera is oki. Awesome sound, Good quality Screen, Battery life is good. with out using INTERNET I got some 3 days battery backup, with using internet one day. I am not able to do any Video Call ( dono where the option is ) someone plz help me with that. OVERALL IT IS A REALLY A-W-E-S-O-M-E P-H-O-N-E
Superb the best phone at this price. i have been using this phone for 1 month now and the only word i can use to describe it is 'Superb' it it a fantastic phone. i was using the HTC explorer a310e which was very rigid but slow and had only android 2.3.5. xperia m was is a amazing experience for me this far. Pros: 1. superb build quality - i am very picky about the build quality of my phone and that is why i didn't go for those cheap plastic samsungs and mmx's. sony has done a good job using metal frames and the matte rubber back which makes the phone appealing and easy to hold.the silver power button rocks. in the sun, it sparkles like a diamond. the volume keys also have a arc shape and is easy to press 2. good screen at this price - this phone is only for 12k so who would expect an HD super AMOLED screen. at this price, the screen is very crisp and has accurate colours. 245 ppi is far better than other than other phone at this price. although there is only a scratch resistance glass, it looks like Gorilla Glass and is equally tough to. the screen is touch sensitive and the touch is very delicate and smooth. the smoothness and responsiveness of the screen even made my friends feel jealous. 3. good speakers - the speakers along with xLoud and ClearAudio+ are quite loud and have an unmatched clarity. they can easily rival the Beats Audio and win. WALKMAN in-built application is awesome along with the visualizer, equilizer and layout. headphones are good to use with this phone and the surround sound rocks. 4. average camera - the 5mp camera is great but not excellent. outdoors, the pics are very clear and the colours are spot on. but indoors, the camera shows its weakness are noise starts developing in the camera. but for an average person like me, it is satisfactory. the flash is very useful though.the dedicated camera key is very useful and rare. it allows for more stability while taking photos and can be long pressed while the phone is off to quick start the camera in 1.5 seconds which is very good 5. LED light - the notification light is very cool and stylish. it looks much better than the light of Xperia L and has more features. 6. fast processor and RAM - the 1 ghz qualcomm is very fast and heavy games like asphalt 8 runs without any lags. for the price, the chipset is excellent. the huge 1 gb RAM is great for running over 20 heavy applications at once without any lag. like i said, for the price it is excellent 7. NFC - nfc is a cool feature used to transferring files and data. in the US, NFC is used for making important banking transactions. this technology and system will move to india in the coming years making NFC a very important aspect Cons; 1. limited memory - out of 4 gb only 1.6 gb is available to the user which is very less for today. the sd card can only be used to store media but you cannot transfer apps. i however, rooted my phone using framaroot 1.6.0 and problem solved. i can transfer apps to sd by using gl to sd app which requires root 2. android version - xperia m runs on 4.1.2 jellybean which is good for the price but a little old since 4.4 kitkat has been released on nexus devices. sony has announced that they will update xperia m to 4.2.2 in the coming year and will and more features to WALKMAN and the camera with superior auto and burst mode sony xperia m is a superb phone with awesome specs for the price so buy it without a thought. a supreme all-rounder by sony
Its the best one i ever had.. performance is awesome!! SONYYY too much light..I love this phone..:) It is very easy to handle ..apps Switching is very quick Better camera quality and THANKS to SONYY for the small app facillity..Its very easy to use small apps.. TOTALLYY its AWESOME!!!...phone
This phone is a decent one for its price if you are not so much accustomed to the UI of HTC or Samsung. Switching from HTC's Sense to Sony's UI will be very tough though. I don't find the UI of M very user friendly. So other than the UI thing, this phone scores in almost every area. It has got one of the best power back up in the recently launched Android phones. Got a very good GPS which gets locked in seconds & the display is also quite good. If you are very interested in Camera, then you must check the photo quality yourself before buying this phone. The Xperia M I have with me is a replacement for the first phone I bought from Flipkart. Within 3 days the first phone started behaving strangely with the speaker going off all of a sudden & then it restores back to normal. So I wasn't able to hear any ringtone / any music I played in the phone. So I requested for a return of the phone & FK delivered the new product in 3 days without any questions. A good customer service. I appreciate FK for that.
Pros: 1.Reasonable price,premium features. 2.RAM is 1GB,so smoothly play games and browse apps. 3.Camera quality is good,flash works fine;panorama mode present. 4. HD video recording is descent. 5.Good battery life.Best in the range. 7.Very good hardware and build quality,look and feel like a premium range phone. 8.Dedicated camera key. 9.Premium inbuilts apps which you usually wont get in this range phones. Cons: 1.Internal memory should have been a bit more.Only 2 GB is usable.But not an issue for moderate users like me.Heavy gamers may not feel it sufficient. 2.TFT screen does not give as good display as AMOLED,but again best at this price.
best phone ...nice camera sound superbeb nice touch good 2 hold and play games only one drawback internal memory..
Great phone to go. Using from last few days, and it's the best phone under this budget. Smooth touch, fast processor. Sony rocks again..
Top class design top class display top class speeeed top class performance top class battery top class camera everything is just Top classss...Suerpbbbbbbbbbbbb, worth every penny!!!
Bought this for my wife after going through a lot of phones. I was planning to buy Core for 13k something when I noticed Xperia M. Got it for 1k less and similar features as core. Got the phone in 2days. Installed temple run 2 and played a lot. The performance of the phone is good. There is not much lag when changing to home screen from apps. Design is sleek; screen size is optimal. Camera is ok.. i hoped it to be better as it is from Sony.
I have xperia M dual Yesterday, I am also having same problem, all pics taken have a basic blueish tint, Bough Yesterday , details: Model - c2004 Amdroid version- 4.2.2 Kernnel - 3.4.0 Build- 15.2.A.1.12 Same is discussed in various forums across various countries, you can google it & see xperia forums + talk sony pages Therefore please watch out ,sony has not released any fix for provided build & version.I am now following up with sony support.
I HAVEN'T BOUGHT THE DEVICE BUT I AM PLANNING TO AND SO I HAVE DONE SOME RESEARCH WHICH SHOWS SOME OUTSTANDING RESULTS... Now, this phone is the best phone one can get in the market right now at this price. It has a dual core KRAIT PROCESSOR and ADRENO 305 graphics chip with 1 GB memory. This processor and graphics chip is one of the BEST in the market right now as ADRENO 305 is present in Samsung Mega 6.3 and HTC One Mini whose prices double than this phone. Also the Krait processor is one of the best in class and it easily competes with the Micromax Canvas HD's processor, being only marginally slower as Canvas HD has quad core. Also being a Sony smartphone, it has the best Android based User Interface out there in the market. So goys go for it and Diwali sale is also coming and maybe we can get this phone at a cheaper price.
I ordered this product on in the night of 4th October with price at Rs.11778 received it on 8 October. About the Product first.... Pros: No other branded company is providing right now this kind of specs(hardware) in this price. 1 Ghz dual core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Plus MSM8227 processor. 1 Gb of Ram. So i haven't face any lag till date (even i left many application running in background because i uses a lot home key) Medicore games like Temple run and Subway sufferwere running like butter even at high levels Cons: Not happy with battery backup(But all smart phone are same in this department) About Camera : I am not a geek photographer .and if you shoot or take pics i think its software is not optimised so one should click photos after optimising in manual setting as per need. Previously i was using Samsung Galaxy Young S6312 . So i will say its interface is a lot different than samsang and it may take time to get use to it. Edit - Its now more than 50 days. so I will change a few thoughts now battery back up is above average. It gives me 5 and half hours screen time and needs a recharge every day and one more thing my network is on 3g mode with internet allways on. Now the biggest con I see is its rear camera even its a five megapixels It performs very badly compare to other five megapixels shutters like xperia u , galaxy core. Its front facing camera is worst I have ever incountered even worst than the Chinese counterpart.
going 1 by 1 camera average sound quality clear but not that loud UI good screen nice processing no such problems yet looks best
does everything as its supposed to cons cam quality not upto 5mp standards headphones/hearphones provided in box could have been better
Best In Class.....compare with other leading manufacturers and u will find none providing such a treat in this price range....
This phone is just awesome for the price. Display clarity is outstanding, fast response to touch, you get wireless, bluetooth connectivity along with some other connectivity features. It cannot connect to adhoc wireless network u create, but thats a problem with Andriod OS I guess. I connected the phone to my home internet using ICS over bluetooth. Works great. Only thing is that it heats up pretty quickly when u play racing games. RAM, when I checked using its own tool was 800 MB, though 1024 MB should be there. U get 2 GB internal space with additional support for microSD card. I used a 2gb sd card that was lying around cos my old samsung stopped recognizing it, and it worked fine with xperia. Got the phone in three days, well ahead of the expected delivery date. In a short - I am happy that I purchased this phone. U need a microSIM for this phone. I used a downloaded template - took a printout matched with my standard sim and then cut it short with a good scissors.
I bought this mobile in local showroom in Chennai, I was skeptic about its performance, but the mobile proved its power, I would say no other mobile in this price range can stand close to this, before I used galaxy y, galaxy S2 & galaxy S3, but for this price Xperia M is the best choice. Pros: 1) Very clear display 2) Perfect size to hold 3) Can install external memory card, 4) Good battery backup 5) Very good sound quality in the speaker 6) No lags, can install run many applications 7) Touch is working flawlessly 8) Best 3G experience Cons: 1) 5MP camera is not up to the mark 2) Typing on portrait mode is quiet difficult, but swype is working well Over all Xpria M is the winner of midrange mobiles.
Nothing to say.. simply superb !!!!! lovin it.. Bought the mobile last Monday 1. Looks : awesome 2. camera : front camera is not good but back camera is ok 3. Performance : No lagging or restart issues 4. Internal memory is less but you have a memory card slot 5. Back cover is cheap plastic which is the only problem I felt 6. Headsets provided with the mobile is a waste but the external speakers are superb Overall I like the mobile very much. Don't even compare with the Samsung Galaxy core!! Just go for Xperia M
Sony xperia is great device for mid range (12K to 13K). 1GB RAM. it's completely work USB OTG (directer access of pen drive to mobile) . cons: low camera result. not move apps to SD card.
i bought this phone 1 week before writing this review at rs 12300 but its price is increased coz dollar is killin us.. :( bu i was lucky to et it at low price ... build quality-Awesome build quality sony has somehow managed to maintain its quality even with such affordable price...feels really cool when it is in hand :) thanks to sony. sony's traditional lock key is great.and rubberized back panel is also great.but screenguard shud be provided by sony LED light-looks great Camera- camera is average but has many fuctions [is complicated].secondry cam is useless [this is what i realized in my daily life...] UI- great UI but missing a good task manager but can get it through play store,i love sony's keyboard .sony has already installed many usefull apps like whatsapp,evernote,paytym,office suit etc. performance-works great in day to day usage multitasking is fluid..... battery- it backup is less only 1 day :( but every android phone has this drawback... gaming-great, can play medium games easily ,but not high end games like ashpalt 7 [ i tried] internal memory-surely a BIG drawback, only 2.05 gb is available form 4gb speaker - its loud and clear.[what one expects form SONY] display-bright and vivid but its dificult to see in sunlight..auto brightness works great :) NOTE-ITS accessories is difficult to find but i managed to get a flip cover and a screenguard. overall a good product having both pros and conss as nothing is perfect so ,its not a perfect phone but a good phone till the date..... regards...
This is a great offering from SONY. It has same processor as XPERIA L. Pros: Good screen at this price Nice battery Nice viewing angles 5MP camera+ Secondary VGA (camera is not bad and clicks decent pics) Fast Dual core processor with adreno 305 GPU performs well. NO LAGS Can play fullHD (1080p) videos. 720p recording Cons: 2 GB internal memory but it should not be a problem as its expandable to 32 GB. Note: Xperia M uses snapdragon krait cores and not cortex A-5. So it is superior to galaxy Core, HTC desire X etc.
awesome that's all i can say for it and that defines it pretty well... awsome looking fone defntly an attention grabber considering the fact that mine is yellow(its not actually yellow its more like fluorescent kinda color hint of green visible). hate it when people confuse it with a lumia at first glimpse from afar. very fluidic UI never hangs or lags. viewing angles are also okay,heard a lot of bad points about viewing angles but mine seems okay i mean its almost visible till 90 degree any side.(may be those reviews were from preproduction models i don't knw. have played few gpu intensive games no lag at all...(asphalt 7, most wanted and aralon to name a few) works perfect not even a hint of lag.. built quality perfect.dropped it once by mistake landed on its back not a single scratch may be coz of that matt ruberized back panel (so that pretty great compared to those glossy ones). sound is really loud but doesn't loose its crispness even played loud gotta love this.. camera quality i would say not so bad but won't mark it as aplus point i would say its there coz it had to be.i won't say its bad you could say other features outshines this one looking at other things you start expecting more in everything, so i guess it would be too much to ask considering the price point... thing which i feel is battery backup is quite low or may be i'm over using it can't say(check this one out with other reviews) or may be its with my handset ,cant get a full day with it always reaches my room turned off at night... all an all awsome phone defintly worth every dime spent...
Pros: 1. 1GB RAM 2. 1Ghz dual core processor 3. In build apps like Mirroring,stamina mode etc 4. Adreno 305 GPU 5. Best sound. Cons: 1. Only 4 GB internal Memory out of which less than 2 GB is available to the user. 2. Camera is not as good as expected . If you are looking for good camera phone don't go for it. Otherwise it's best phone at this range.
PROS - *Good build quality(Matte Finish is good to hold) *Pretty fine battery (Lasts around 2 days) *Smooth UI (Well optimized firmware) *Decent primary Camera for the price (Getting soft edges on Artificial Light) *Fine specs for the price (Snapdragon S4,Adreno 305,Krait Cores...what else you need) *Fine performance for the price(Runs the exactly 13K phone will run like) *Great Speaker (xLOUD is very loud) CONS- *Camera wont be that good in low light condition(With Flash also) *Short on storage (Max you can get is 1.7 GB , can't even play Modern Combat 4) *Get get bit heated up from top side (Not deal breaker but worth Mentioning ) Benchmarks- Antutu - 11000+ (A very good for a dual core device) Nenamark 2 - 61.6 FPS (One of the best i saw on smartphones) Plus you will get pretty good after-sales service from sony that any indian brand VERDICT-Good phone you can get within 15K
I got my most awaited xperia m today in good condition..(paid Rs 12340/- on ws retail)Thanks to the flipkart service for the fast and precise delivery of the item.And now about the sony magic...one of the most beautiful and user friendly(in all terms) handsets i have seen in the budget phone category.Its really wonderful craftsmanship from sony.I just started exploring the device and feeling good to own it.No restart issues as somebody earlier pointed out and no lags...great smartphone to own..go for it ........
Its a very good economical phone . Pro --- 1. 4 inch perfect to hold in hand with correct resolution 2. Good Look 3. Nice Battery Backup 4. 1GB RAM with Dual Core Processor and Good GPU Con ----- 1. Camera Quality is not tat Good especially front camera . 2. Battery really seems to be a problem . Its getting discharged very fast .
Sony has done a great job. This is a real good phone at a very cheap price point. I got the white one for myself and I am loving it. The feature I love the best is NFC. No other phone at this price offers that feature. You can share media to other Samsung and LG phones and perform one-touch functions like Mirroring with Sony TVs. The Adreno 305 is also a great addition at this price and offers awesome gaming experience. The only con would be the 4GB internal storage. The camera is awesome and so is the display. If you can spare 3-4k more, go for the Sony Xperia L. Otherwise this the best phone at this price.
I bought this product one week back and I really love this one. The only problem i find with it is, the buttons are not as smooth n soft as the samsung, but i guess that's how sony makes it all. Also, i find it difficult to close the apps, it keeps running (again, this is my first smart phone, so may be that's how it works) Other than these two things, it is an excellent fphone for the money. I bought this product from infibeam.com because WSRetail had this out of stock, but i have to say, i made the biggest mistake in my online shopping life. Guys, only trust flipkart, no one else. If flipkart is out of stock, wait for them to get it in stock. The only good thing about my purchase is, i learnt how other sites make money from the business. How Infibeam makes money : Sell smart phones wit battery 1750mAh -> Take the original battery out, replace it with a lower powered battery -> Sell the original battery & make money -> Tell the customer, since the cheap battery we gave you is compatible, we wont give you the original battery. So trust only flipkart, and this is an awesome value for money product to buy from Sony. Xperia M, Love it.
If you are looking for a phone in the range of 12k-13k, I'd say there is no other phone you should go for. Xperia M is such a product where Sony has put the best they could in this price range. Look, form factor : 9/10 (So sleek and elegant doesn't look a 13k phone at all. The LED at the bottom is handsome.) Performance : 8/10 (No lags, nothing experienced in even high graphic games & apps till date.) Display : 8.5/10 (Vibrant, scratch resistant, super smooth multi point touch.) Camera : 7/10 (Not excellent camera but considering the price range its good enough.) BATTERY : 7/10 (Runs one full day with a bit more than moderate usage. Though if data is not always enabled, it yields more battery backup. Stamina mode is a super addition.) MUSIC : 8/10 (Sony is very good in this department as always.) OVERALL: 8.5/10 (again considering the price.) JUST GO FOR IT! Well done Sony!
This phone I pre ordered for Rs12999 on 15 August and got on 26-27 . It has all the smart connecting features like wifi direct nfc bluetooth etc.. Sound and voice quality is superb. This phone work good in low signal also. It is very slim and beautiful phone. Touch is supersmooth. Battery goes full day when heavily used. If all power managment feature it will goes for days. Only little problem is with camera. Check all the features of camera and then use. Its default camera setting is 3mp, set it 5 mp.
The Sony Xperia M for Rs 12,990/- (listed on Flipkart) is an ideally priced Android smart phone. Considering the price, the 1GB RAM and 1Ghz dual core processor are definitely a plus. Though many quote the 4GB internal memory as being tad short for installing application, the size is decent enough for most apps for general usage. If you are considering to buy a phone under Rs 15,000/-, then this phone is an excellent option.
Hello Everyone I'm using this device from past 2 weeks.. Till now i haven't faced any kinda software or hardware issue.. Every single thing is designed up to mark.. Except the display which would be more better but considering the brand & price it hardly matters to me.. The only complaint from my side is about the internal storage which has been published 4gb but actually it is only 2gb user available.. You have to wait for the perfect root file uploaded on the net to root it & move the apps 2 SD card afterwards.. Without rooting its not possible & hence the handset is new in Indian market the is no supporting root file available online.. Rest is amazing.. I would recommend it to everyone.. Thx.. Enjoy..
I bought the 'Sony Xperia M' from a retail shop, in my area, 3 days back. This is a quick concise review from my experience of using this phone for 3 days, that might help a few people in dilemma whether to go for this phone or not. First of all, i own the white model. I chose the white phone over the black one because, the plastic back cover in the black phone looks very cheap when compared to the white one (Obviously same quality back cover in white too, but the distinct looks are evident) . Hence, the white phone looks better than the black (This is just a personal opinion). Looks : It doesn't look like a mid range phone at all, thanks to the effugent looks and slim design by Sony which efficiently contributes to the flamboyant body of the phone. Performance : Needless to say, one of the best dual core processors available in the market right now and the 1gb ram also contributes to the outstanding performance. It runs most of the games with ease(No lag till now). Display : Not as good as Super amoled display, but still the 245ppi display looks very clear and crisp. It plays 720p videos well. 1080p videos can also be played by using mx player but you will surely encounter frequent minor lags Camera : I wouldn't recommend this phone for a person who gives importance to camera in a phone. Because this aspect will surely disappoint you. But still for people who just wants a camera to take pictures once in a while, this will serve the purpose. The front camera is a 0.3mp camera which is sufficient for occasional video calling. Battery backup : Pretty decent. I wouldn't say it is too good. But still it stands for about a day with moderate usage (few hours of 2g/wifi, 20 mins playing games, 1 hr of voice call). Speaker/Music : The sound from the speaker is very loud, which is far better than most of the other android phones available in the market. The headphones that is provided along with the phone is decent for the price, but still i would recommend to go for a good pair of headphones for extracting the maximum from Sony's Walkman. The one provided is not an 'in-ear' model. Other features : The notification light is really a beautiful addition to the phone, and it is very useful too. The Battery-Stamina mode is also a very useful inbuilt feature. The charger wire is of very less length, a well reputed company like sony who knows even the minute customer needs very well, failed in this obvious and imperative need. Final words : For people who wish to buy a BRANDED android phone with decent specs and moderate price surely this phone should be on your list.
This phone is just awesome...!!! Shud mention it is weightless....... and Notification lights are just mind blowing.... Only con i noticed is its camera... gud in daylight bt awful at night.....!!!!! This phone is a magical sleek and slim product from Sony... Guys grab it!!!! :)
As per the camparison with other brands & other mobiles in this range.. Experia m is dashing,superkool look,slim design,superb notifications lights,battry life & stamina mode just rocking..!! Though camera is good in experia l bt nowdays ppls used to take their own camera gadgets for the clicking.. 1 GB ram jss awesome.. Thanks to sony for giving such crazzy model.. The rates gonna increasing in very soon dayz.. pick up at the right time..!!
The phone looks and feels awesome way more premium than the competition and performance, sound, gaming feels so much good for this price. Its better to go for this than cheap chinese rebranded phones from micromax, xolo etc for this price. The snapdragon s4plus processor with 1ghz ram and Adreno 305 gpu blowsaway the mediatek processors in relaibility and performance. Truly a quality product from a reputed brand at a very good price. Wish the internal memory was higher though!
Guys i have purchased it from sony dealer for just 12k. and i cancelled the flipkart order :p. Guys believe me this cell is fantabulus. Pros: Damn cool Design and look. Weight less. Awesome loud speaker. 1 Gb ram takes away all the lags in games which other this range cell cant avoid. Cons: Guys its battery; This battery flows out faster than water. could made battery much better. camera just okay. awesome in day but worst in night. **Dont worry it do the job perfectly.
latest features with low cost..touch is awesome..camera clarity also gri8....speed also gud less wi8 n more cofortable battary packup really good comparitivly than samsung mobiles n over all phone is rocking....
dual core,adreno 305, .5mp camera ,1gig of ram,latest android version and that xperia z design guys !! wht more do u expect for this price ? also available in dual sim!!! definately best new mid range phone
Ordered on 16. today is 20 still no shipment done. It was promised to be delivered till 19. They must improve the delivery process Otherwise the phone is good. Positive: Music, Slim, fast Negative: Camera flash is not so good, in brightness only it take good pics Display resolution is not very much bright as samsung.
I buyed this mobile on aug 30. on the same day i faced the restart problem while adjusting the volume of the phone and while inserting the headphone also while clicking pics. so i took it to the service center they told they will replace it with a new peice within 4 days. so waitin 4 it.. so (XPERIA M ) a very bad XPERIANCE ....
I seriously believe that Flipkart shoud restrict non-buyers+non-users from reviewing the product. Doesn't make sense. I see review across the site that are outcomes of people aimlessly browsing through the site, with shitloads of time to kill.
After using five months my device started heating up very quickly .Not worthy product for the money. Sony service centers in Hyderabad sucks. Even after service I am having same heating issue. Hardware spec mentioned incorrectly my device having only 800mb of ram not 1gb ram. MESSAGE FOR BUYERS Please think twice before buying this product and from flipkart. Lot of better mobiles of this price range are available with other brands.so please checkout toughly.
this phone is very poor. i had purchased it and i dont like it at all for such a huge prize we can other better phones in market. it is a full waste of money. i think its prize should fall shortly because it dosnd work proprly and hv few technical problems also.
first thank u all for the reviews in flipkart well i'm not a flipkart buyer but i bought it from local market at 12,500 single sim model just day before yesterday talking about my review nothing could be better than this phone at this range the fact is the os design everything seems more user friendly than my friends samsung galaxy core in shop i also looked forward htc htc was a bit heavy and less powerful less features and comparing it with indian brands i have to say maybe indian brands r powerful at this range but they don't have international chipset like snapdragon neither andreno 305 gpu they all have 2nd class hardware & software i love this cute notification light stamina mod is really awesome i've checked gaming performance is awesome whatever u can't play huge sized games cuz u don't have that storage so...camera is a big part of mobile but one thing i've to say u won't get disappointed at all it's ok 3/5 music - never doubt bass is great quality is very good not great 4/5 really...believe me or not u will love this phone as i do don't worry if the phone gets heated after 10 to 15 minutes use it also happens in z1 the high-end model and cuz it have android 4.1.2 while other high-end devices got 4.3 4.4 u might not like it but u ain't even spending that much better u stop searching and get it & my rating 5/5 cuz...i have one lollz....enjoy
The phone has good hardware and specs, but there are some cons too. The pics from the camera have a bluish tint and the screen also has some blue tint. As per various forum threads, this is a common problem in all models of this phone across the world. It can be fixed with some software update, but there's no guarantee that Sony will do it. Rest is fine. In my case, the battery lasts 4-5 days on calls, SMS, and wifi. I am not a 3G user. The phone is quite fast and responds well. About Flipkart: The product was delivered in three days, but there was a defect in the phone. The screen was chipped (2 mm in length) on the left side, but I noticed this quite late. So I'll rate 2 * to WS Retail for sending a defective product. It doesn't affect the phone and is hard to notice, so I'll continue to use it.
A average product from Sony, after a month it started hanging and daily we must restart atleast for one time.
What i liked: 1. Good performance. my mobile never freezed or never lagged 2. HD Games such as Modern Compact 4 works very smooth 3. good sound clarity with enough loudness 4. STAMINA MODE OF XPERIA which extends battery life to more than 3 days 5. Light weight and slim 6. OTG AND HDMI connectivity 7. Great multitasking What I disliked: 1. Low internal memory 4gb(2gb useful) 2. decent camera quality
About the phone, good hardware for the price, killer looks, notification lights, nfc and Bluetooth v4.0 at this price range always welcome. Battery isn't that great, drains out quickly, camera is not up to the mark as compared to that of the Samsung mobiles with a 5MP camera in this price range, internal memory is very less; of the 4GB, the OS and built in apps take up space and user available is hardly 2GB. Overall good entry level smartphone from Sony. Pricing could be more competitive.
Hi i preoreder sony Xperia m in 14 Aug .I got it in 23 Aug as flipkart told it in fourth week of Aug it release.its packinh is good. it a good mobile with good features,from My point of view for thia type of confugration Price is decent.You got evrything in one mobile. 1-Touch is good. 2- display is good 3-sound is good & clear 4-more applications 5-beautiful sony UI 6-battery is decent 7-Camera is good in sun light But in night picture is not good but not bad also 8-sony design is good Till now i dont get its all features.But i am loving to use it.In my point of vew it is a good mobile in decent price .As nokia lumia 720 give 512 ram it will be outdated in 1 year & it has not sufficent APPS.price much higher than sony xperia M. we got more feature in sony xperia M than nokia lumia 720.why not go for sony xperia m,It is also a second big mobile barand in worla..
They have specified the internal memory to be 4 gb. But when the phn get delivered i found the phn internal memory to be 2 gb. Else the phn is good. battery backup is very good. no lagging at all. Over all its a good phn in a budget price
I had taken this 4 months back....and i must say that it is the worst phone that i have used in last 12 years...It is pathetic..... 1. Charge goes out in 4-5 hours 2.After some day the Charging port in the phone will not work 3.The sound will come down drastically. 4.If you have done isurance then i must say that it is ome more mistake you have done....they will make you run and ask for many docs and form fillup....at the time of taking the insurance they will give u all sorts of lie. Just don't buy this phone.
Pros Decent look with back matt finish Awesome display with 4inches and very handy too when u holding it. 5mp camera with HDR is good for only outdoor not good in lowlight (But EXPERIA U gives u FANTASTIC IMAGES compared to this) processing time is nice... other featuers are 85% same like EXPERIA L CONS 1)Internal memory not 4 GB its 2 GB only!!! Also i dont see the complete info of OS and processor and RAM details in phone settings(Probably i may have to search in deep) 2)camera capturing time is very slow even though i dont stored anything . 3)Battery is running out like laptop...if u use continuesly with it,will drain out in 5hours. 4)You cannot feel the SONY SOUND EXPERIENCE in the given headphone...u have to go for IN THE EAR headphone if u r music lover. My rating would be 4 and for this price range its a good phone
the cellphone i had was a sony xperia sola which is under warranty...the problem was regarding the mic. and the speaker of the phone...gave it to the service center people on the 14th nov. received it on the 16 but the problem was still not solved...instead of the problems being solved the more and more problems started to occur...my phone kept on rebooting till 2 days...the phone rebooted like 35 times in 2 days...the spares were faulty...i mailed sony but the answer i got was to visit the service center...since last 15 days it has been my 6th visit to the service center but the problem is still unsolved..though some problems got solved they are back with some more n new problems..n still there is no satisfactory reply for them.. i've lost all faith on sony!! worst experience ever!! from the visits that i've done at the service center i've met almost 8-9 people who were at the service center for the repair of xperia m!!
I got it delivered on 6h May, and the latest thing you should know is they delivered a tampered sealed pack. This phone isn't what you want for 9K at all. You are thinking why I have bought it? Because my brother is a fan of Sony. Lets have a look at it.. Build Quality :- 5/10 The build quality is worse, Its very light weight, so there is always a risk of dropping from your hand. The Back Side is Rubber Coated Fibre to hold it easily, but due to its low weight it feels uncomfortable. Camera - 4/10 It comes with 5MP rear and 0.3MP front camera. And trully if you have used any branded company's phone with 5MP Camera then you will blame yourself for buying this device. Camera quality is worst both in Day light and Low Light. Processor - 5/10 It has Snapdragon S4 and has 1GB of RAM which can run almost every game and apps but with Lags. There are so many bloatwares that you can't even run subway surfer without lags. Sound Quality - 8/10 It's good. Internal Storage - 6/10 Frankly its very low. You will get only 2.09GB for installing apps and games. You can't install games and apps on SD card either. Battery - 5/10 Battery isn't upto mark. Drains so fast that you can't even understand where it gone.
I have bought this phone from flipkart in 2013 october, despite issues with phone hanging, memory etc, after warranty got expired, my phone went bonkers. I had to completely install phone software from mobile service centre again.
Hi Friends, Been exactly one year of using this phone today. To summarise the phone in a few words : The major drawback, as listed by several users, is the low internal memory. Found the display (480 x 854) to be unimpressive for the price. 2G performance is substandard, WiFi is OK. Having said the above, the piece has never hanged during operation or given any major problem.
:-) Great phone I 've ordered second time. I'm using since 2013, Old phone fall down from my hand inside water.
This phone used to be a good buy about 18-20 months back . I've been using this phone for more than a year now and it's been working flawlessly. There are phones available with better hardware configuration at this price these days. -- Battery life is good. -- Slim and light weight -- NFC --Sound's good.(but not VERY loud) --Rear camera clicks good quality photos for a 5 MP camera . --Front camera is non-existant.You can video-chat but forget selfies. This phone's a huge let down in memory section. You can't move your apps to SD card . So you only get to install only a few number of apps . Don't buy this phone if you plan to install too many apps. I'd suggest you to buy this phone only if you don't use your phone much and you need a slim , light weight and good looking phone .
it has been a year since i bought this piece. The location services never work. Took it to the service center, they say its the feature of the piece. OMG! the camera is dull, MotoG -Gen1 (5MP) camera is much much better. The internal memory just fills up; u cant move the apps to the SD card!
After the recommendation and search on net, i have decided to bought sony xperia M through flipkart.and also service of flipkart is very good.
It Has A 5mp autofocus camera with 720p hd recording with many modes it has a good selifies and it has a slim and good design it has 1 gb ram with 1ghz processor with 4 gb internal memory it comes with preloaded apss and games best phone in the mid segment
I heard that sony product is having superb quality with it's unique technology and which i also found by buying EXPERIA-M Black. but regret that exactly after expiring the guaranty (i.e after 1year 1month) the set is restarting automatically and suddenly one day it's not restart. immediately i had contacted sony service centre, first of all they signed with us a indemnity that while checking if the phone is dead then they have no responsibility finally i got the reply from service centre that the circuit became damage and it's cost upto 7000 to 8000. i am surprised with durability of sony products. because i used this handset with very care and even avoiding rough use of this.
I am using Sony Xperia M for past 6 months.Great phone with great features. Camera quality is superb, good battery backup (last 1.5 day of avg use) and all other features are really good. Overall good phone in this price range. And what a great delivery by FLIPKART.
The internal memory of the mobile is limited. Installed apps cannot be moved to external memory. If you feel this drawback is negligible, go ahead BUY iT!
Hi all, This phone was working fine for more than 10-12 months but one fine day.It crashed and was not getting switched on only sony logo was showing in screen.When I took it to sony service centre they told that board is gone need to replace and will cost 7k. I think this is only the problem with my phone.But rest all the features were good in this phone...For reliability and long life I will prefer only nokia phones from now onwards.
very good mobile no lags camera is average,battery back is good,sound quality is also good,Display is Awsomeeee.....must buy
Flipkart gave very god service and got product on time genuine and sealed, recommend to those interested good midrange mobile
as per description and fast shipping at lower rate .....................................................................................................................................................
Bought this phone in Jan 2014 and using since past 11 months. Now the touch screen is not working and phone simply is not usable. Battery gets heated up. Unable to enter lock code since touch not working. Gave to Sony service center. Bought it from flipkart and since it is within warantee (4 days to expire) gave it for repairs to fix Touch screen issues. Big queue with plenty of Sony xperia issues reported by multiple customers. All data in phone has to be wiped out. Will not recommend to buy this phone at all. Have lost trust in Sony xperia after this.
it's already been 1 year of using this set. Till now no issues in handling not even in processing. Looks classy. but my ear piece is not working properly
I bought this phone over than a year ago on Flipkart and it's hands down the best phone I've ever used. Other than what has already been mentioned, here's my experience (by geek, for geeks): Pros: * Moderate battery life. Certainly not the best but does it does get through the day * Runs Android 5.0.1 smoothly (CM-12-beta, voids warranty) Cons: * The side buttons are very flimsy. Do avoid opening the back-case frequently * Recommend using a case as the yellow paint coating on the back flakes off after 10 months revealing white plastic. * Wish Sony had used Gorilla glass on this display. Screenguards do tarnish the aesthetics of this wonderful device.
Great product, does its job well".......compact, good battery life, good user friendly design and optimal pricing. As usual, flip kart delivery was super and on time. The seller is good too. I have bought from the same seller many items and distribution/logistics is very professional. Thanks again!!
Awesome product. Only one thing is missing that is Kitkat Update. Apart from this everything is fine. :D
This mobile is better than other mobiles. price is comfortable to purchasing. front and primary camera is good clarity compare to other mobiles totally good package
Sony mobile phones are the worst phones I have ever used, in terms of reliability. All of the Sony phone have a common problem with the MIC. After using the phone for a while, the MIC of the device started malfunctioning. Outgoing voice from the mobile was not audible to the person you are talking to. Initially this use to happen only for a few seconds between the conversations, but once I gave it for servicing, condition worsened. Now, most of the time, I am not able to talk to anyone without keeping the phone on Speaker mode. This is pathetic, never expected from a brand like Sony. If it was Samsung or Micromax, I would have excepted the defect. But not with Sony. All my friends who have got a Sony mobile phone are facing the same MIC issue. Everyone is frustrated of it now and is cursing the company. I would never go for a Sony device again and neither would suggest any friend. Its a waste of money.
I purchased this phone lately i.e after 16 months of its launch!I'm highly satisfied Alhumdulillah after a long time!After using it for a while this is what I have to say! Pros: Great sound quality both in headsets and speakers!Walkman is awesome! Display resolution is 480x854 but display is very good compared to other devices of same resolution! 1GB RAM and 1ghz Qualcomm dual core is powerful and no lags I had till now! Battery backup is okay not great but its not a con believe me!Better battery life than other devices of same mAh! Cons: None :) No Samsung only Sony!
All the Xperia Models are worst and not worth buying. I purchased this cellphone for a good sound quality No doubt the output is perfect but when you plug your headphones you can hear surrounding noise well and not the Music that's the worst experience ever. I listen to music a lot and so do I decided to buy this cellphone such a heartbreaking disappointment after having this cellphone in my hands. You cannot move your applications to the SD card. It will not allow you to install a bunch of applications if it's internal memory is full as I am using a 16GB SD Card it is of no use right now because I can't install any applications or either move any applications. I am choked up with this phone. Better don't buy this phone and go for something best.
I bought Sony Xperia M from a store and have been using this for almost a year. Sony has cheated by saying 4GB internal memory. Actually only 2 GB is available and rest is used up by loads of unwanted, useless apps. Apps cannot be stored on SD Card and only less Storage games can be installed but cannot be played because the phone heats up and then restarts. Keeps on restarting till you remove the battery and let it cool down. After heating up it doesnt detect the simcard and insert simcard message is displayed. Its like the Phone says "Aata Maajhi Satakli". Service centre told me to change simcard, which i did and still the problem exists. I am so fed up that I have decided to sell this phone and buy something like Asus, Redmi or even Honour Holly. Negative Stars if allowed. May all the curse fall on Sony.
This product is the best in the market in terms of performance (touch, processing speed, camera, applications etc) and battery backup. I bought this mobile in march 2014 when the price was Rs 11300, so you can see a mere drop of just Rs 800 rupees in 9 months, which itself describes its excellence. Go for it guys!!
the only company I trust on... this company provides every thing in high defination... this phone is best @ this price pros: Every thing which you can imagine .... this phone can do... camera is the best... 5MP with flash .... thats awesome,,... with an Exmor Sensor SOUND IS THE BEST..(X-loud + Clear audio)... light sensor is quite effective.. :) quite responsive the people who tell that this phone gets heated up quickly...they are rite bud do you know why a phone gets heated up.......because to provide the speed for your working.... battery is awesome..... NO MOBILE COMPANY GIVES "NFC"..IN THERE PHONE....EXPECT SONY OVER AT THIS PRICE... Cons: only one thing ...... quite a less space to store apps because apps could not be transfered to SD card.. planing to buy this set.... buy this I am a certified user...And I use this set for over 2 yrs....never given me a problem
I have bought this awesome phone from market and using this for 2 months and then giving the review.... Looks- Just Great Cant say anything... Really Looks Awesome Ram- Very Good.. No lags from the date of purchase till now Screen- Pretty Good Hardware- Just the great I just find a drawback in this phone and that is that it cant be upgraded to kitkat... Because Sony Has Finally Announced That Jelly Bean Will be the final android version of xperia m. Otherwise the phone is just the great.
Its been a year now since i purchased this item. The phone freezes sometimes which is a usual case for almost all devices. The bad thing about this phone is that the camera has a bluish contrast even if I make all necessary settings. But apart from this, all other features/configs are almost the best for a mid-range phone like sony xperia M. I hope sony will bring out a better mid range phone like sony Xperia M with better camera quality and higher internal memory capacity with a lower cost :) Thank you Sony and thank you Flipkart!!
i bought this mobile from nearby seller because , its almost priced same either online or offline. 2 months went by.... , so i m saring my experience : very light, easy to handle , pretty display with notification LED at bottom. coming to camera .. , good clicking shot during daytime but excellent when at night. this phone has greatly helped me in increasing "fb likes" on pics. very fast processor with no lag , battery backup is superb.. , i m regular e-crazy for 8 hrs/per day. it lasts long.!! i m happy nd satisfied . only cons is that it bear a bunch of pre-installed important apps, it may be worry-some for some guys .. , bt c'ming to me : "rehne de yaar"
product is very nice, satisfied with my purchase.Its a very nice phone good design and best product from Sony Lots of unwanted apps installed.
i am also use this sony xperia m my fourate mobile i like it so many models are available but my fovarate phone sony xperia m
I bought this phone from flipkart to gift my sister on Rakshya Bandhan. I found it to be a great device at such a low price. Best things about sony xperia M is -Robust design and hardware -Its sound clarity -Screen Resolution -Light weight and Slim design -Price -Good Battery Life Camera is not that great. But looking at its price, this is a complete package for daily use.
Its a very nice phone good design and best product from Sony Lots of unwanted apps installed. Talking abt camera in night time the quality of pictures is low. But entirely a good phone
very good camera clear sound good display and comfortable size. but application cant be moved to memory card.
product is very nice received the very next day , satisfied with my purchase but need applications to be installed in MicroSD card as phone memory gets filled very fast no option for transfering the installed app to memory card
Its a wonderful product from sony dosen't hangs at all. Flipkart delivery has always been good got the product next day itself
excellent caring to the product and nice delivery.But the only bad thing is the delivery boys who are delivering the product are not responding in a nice way.they are not coming to the particular landmark which is present in the address and they ask the customer in return to come to a place more suitable for their(Courier Boy) needs.Please rectify it....
Costly and other brands are providing same specification for for below 7000/-Rs. Ex: Samsung Duos, Moto E etc... afford 2000 bucks you can have Moto G (2nd Gen).. Awesome spec. Moto G(2nd Gen) you will love it Android kitkat 4.4.4 ...
Its an amazing buy !! I bought it last year and it still looks brand new. It never leaves me wanting anything more from a smartphone. I only wish the battery lasted a bit longer.. it has to be charged twice a day these days (after android update)
Completely satisfied with the product.It's been more than a week, good hardware no issues so far! Great camera and resolution
Handy phone with great features. Ordered it for gifting my sister. Later on thought I should have ordered the dual SIM version instead of single SIM. Nevertheless, a awsome phone with nice built, decent camera and very good battery.
Overall a nice phone , Sony already loaded this phone with lots of apps which cant be moved consuming lot of internal space. Always you get a message to delete files .. updated with latest version still it does not allow to move to sd card. Sony should look into this and make the change..
Awesome Phone.Everything is good. Flipkart delivery is very slow nowdays.1 star less for slow delivery
Hats off to flipkart for its customer service.. I am always a fan of flipkart. To talk about the product, this phone is satisfactory all in all. Two things put me off in this product. I have a moto g and bought this phone for my dad. By the descriptions, I was expecting Sony to have same screen size to that of mmin. Well, the phone is indeed of the same size to that of moto g but the screen is .5 inch smaller than that of moto g. Secondly, Please do not activate Xalert even by mistake. It can ruin your new phone moments. I had happily installed it and gave it a password hoping it would save my phone from being stolen, this app is so good that it locked the phone forever. I spent a whole day downloading some stupid software update which didn't make any difference at the end of the day. So I had to spend another whole day at Sony service center. They fixed it for free, but I had lost two days of work because of this. Apart from these two areas of concern, the phone's battery lasts impressively longer and has a decent camera. With 3g this phone is perfect for the budget. But honestly, I like my moto g better than Sony.
i bought this product from local mkt..i bought dat in 9700 rs...its slim n smooth .. xperia walkman sound is juz awesome..n screen quality iis also very nice..
i loved it, what a phone i love sony very much...........they give me the update centre so i updated my xperia to the latest version.but xperia privilege is not working
Bought an Xperia M three months back and the phone was working pretty well till aug. On august 1st week display went off suddenly and when taken to service centre they have rejected warranty by saying its a display crack. When i argued that the phone doesnt have any external damage and nothing happened from my side they have told they would try to accomodate in warranty. After keeping me waiting for nearly 20 days they have come up with an answer that warranty stands rejected. They have even told that they cannot prove how the damage have caused and the display is so delicate that the same thing can happen if you keep in your hip pocket also!!! I've got a feeler that they are searching for ways and means to save money under warranty..
Mobile is as good as describe in Add. I just like it ... just share one thing accessory is normal not match with the price. i mean headphone is so simple voice come out from it. need to improve in that area. otherwise everything is good.
I bought the phone on 25th July 2014. Pros: Android 4.3 Great speaker and sound quality (better than moto X itself) 1 gb ram 5mp camera really does a good job NFC and THROW features Built in swype keyboard which is really amazing Really great battery Cons: Cramped screen space (breadth) Front camera quality a bit low Warms up a little bit when playing hard core games
Friends, By nature I am very perfectionist. A single error makes my irritates. In April, 2014 I was confused between two mobile phones. 1st Xperia M and 2nd Samsung Core (Dual Sim). But finally I decided to go for Samsung Core instead Xperia M. After using for single day, CORE just irritates me in different ways though the phone was running smoothly, Camera was fine. Overall Handy Phone but in sound quality was poor. Though I used it for three months but I can say it just made my days HELL. Lots of error. May be its a manufacturing Defect but when we purchase a new mobile we dont expect all those non sense. I sold that shit and go for Xperia M. Oh My God! Its a superb phone from Battery back up to its functions, apps and systems. I just loved it. Sound Quality is like Multiplex. HD resolution, Camera is too good....All are rubbish if someone says that its camera is not good...I would say to him to learn how to use camera first before you lay down your reviews and remarks regarding camera of Xperia M. For the purpose of Pros and Cons.... I will say all features and fucntions are Pros and only 4 GB internal memory is Cons of this product but it dont matters at all, Go for it undoubtedly.
Screen size of this phone. it is not 4 inch, it is actually 3.5 inch x 2 inch. Even Sony is Cheating ? Or there is some measuring loopholes in Mobile Screen Size measurement. I am dishearten to Rate it at 1 star..i wish i could have given Negative ratings
This phrase by Shakespeare truly justifies this product, "Xperia M" by Sony. The best phone you'll ever buy in this range. it's a must buy product. its colour is just so vibrant. just love it. so, im just gonna list a few PROS and CONS of it. PROS 1. Attractive looks, vibrant colours. 2. user friendly. 3. perfect sound quality(as expected by sony). features like xLOUD, ClearAudio+ and Clearphase enhances the sound even more. the most important thing, "Bass" is present in a good amount. 4. NFC feature is available. 5. have apps like xperia privilege, xperia lounge, to make the user's experience more delightful. 6. pre installed important apps. 7. track id. 8. so smooth touch. 9. the best thing is that it is so affordable!!!!!!!!!!!! CONS 1. phone heats up while on call. 2. you cant move downloaded apps to sd card. THAT'S ALL FOLKS!
As i've already purchased some costlier electronic goods from flipkart, i've full faith on this site. The delivery is far earlier than the projected date and even on holidays. This is very good feeling. The phone received in proper condition with invoice and warranty. I wanted an android based phone with maximum feature and more battery backup. Once charged and with continuous wifi on, it lasted for almost two & half days (only net surfing- mo calls). Don't expect too much from it within this price range. nice performance & durable battery backup and a bit fast operation---- that's all.
Its very good product and the camera clarity is too good. Weightless phone i like it very much and the sensitive of touch screen also good. The internal memory of the phone is 4Gp but usage is only 2Gp. I could't understand it.
This is the best smartphone for under rs. 15000 with nfc and playstation certified Android 4.1 upgradable to 4.3 5 mp camera great in daylight OK in low light Games work super smooth(Real racing 3,Subway surf, Temple run 2) Does not LAG because of 1 GB RAM Internal memory is less Nice sound quality in headphones and from speaker VERY LOUD XLOUD Screen display also GOOD 4 Inch display it doesnt feel like 4 inch though Battery is good on standby but gets over fast when playing , browsing , ETC Last night battery on standby 88% Morning 9:30 Battery 88% It is better than the samsung phones at this price Good packaging from Flipkart And Delivery on time as expected Overall very good phone
Well I have been using this cell from 7-8 days and everyday I am loving it more. Its touch sensitivity is great and due to 1gb ram its very decent to play big game also without any lagging. Its camera is good enough in room but its great in daylight. Music volume is also good. The thing I like the most is its design, it is slim look really cool when you hold it and for the fact that it is 4 inch which is really a big deal. I really like mid-screen cell phone and in my opinion its just the best choice among other cell phone of this range.
ITs almost 8 months that i m using this phone. No issues till date. Just upgraded my jelly bean from 4.1 to 4.3. HDR recordings are incredible...
gud product at dis range. but the battery drains out very drastially. very very poor backup even with battery saver mode on and minimum screen brightness. camera quality also NOT gud. rest all r ok.
This is a good solid smartphone that ticks all the right boxes for the price it is offered at. Solid build quality, very light and comfortable to use. Performance is fast with the 1 GB RAM and fast processor. No lags in everyday use. Excellent call quality and battery life too. Earlier I thought a 4 inch screen may be a little too small. But the resolution is decent and web pages and videos appear fine. When compared to an HD or AMOLED screen, the colors look a little faded but that is to be expected at this price. Sony has put in a lots of apps on it which is useful also. Now the cons. 1. Low internal memory, but can be expanded with a memory card. Old Android version, is unlikely to be upgraded to the latest Kitkat, but usage wise, you are not missing much except maybe some tweaks.If you are the adverturous kind, you can switch to one of the custom ROMs and get the latest Android, on the fly 3. Camera is just ok, so expect ok pics. 4. Poor quality bundled headphones, but you can buy your own, the sound quality and the speaker quality is very good. Recommendation: If you are on a budget and want a fast reliable and solidly built phone, xperia m is for you. If you are a gamer or want many apps or want the latest Android on your phone, it is not for you. Alternatives: Moto G is a solid competitor at roughly similar prices with better screen, more memory and latest Android, but doesn't offer replaceable battery, and is more bulky to carry around.
The delivery was quick. bought if for my dad - his first touch screen phone. The phone is nice to hold and the feel is good and looks premium. Wish it had the latest version of android on it. IT comes with lots of apps pre installed ( some of which are useless.) the battery is good for a normal day use. The music is loud . wish it had more bass in the speakerphone. For the first time users of SONY it might be just a bit difficult to use it if you have been used to with samsung is what i felt. For the first time users its not a problem at all. At 10k + feels a bit expensive in specs wise especially the camera quality is not good at all. the night shots from distance come with lots of noise. Overall a bit costly then its rivals ( so as other sony phones is what i think)
nice phone...using since last 1 yr and no prblem found.. wherver promises company made.. it fulfills tht
i bought it from sony center kolkata for my wife. color looks design 5/5 performance 5/5. camera 5/5. she is very happy with the camera and gaming capacity of the phone. first time bought a sony mobile and now i thinking why i wasted money over samsung. no quality or elegance in samsung/moto/nokia/etc. but sony is truly a mark of quality. i would loe to buy a another one in near future. one thing i found that what sony says about the mobile all facts are true. not like any other brand those are always saying something and giving way something worse. looking forward towards more quality products from sony.
the best mobile in this range ...... before i used xperia u,lumia 720,lumia 525 nd now i m using this xperia m.... i hav buied this phone yesterday and its perfect in the hand.... thats y apple makes medium screen phones..... good photo quality with amazing rest of the features.... and the best part is its notification light.... guiezz u'll love it in white color.... nd guiezz when u update this fone to android 4.3 jelly bean(as its pre installed software is 4.2.2) hen its camera izz awesum.... itzz more than any phone's 8 mp camera.... loved this phone... no lags no hangs.....
Best phone in this price range. Thanks to Sony for bringing all the good features in a budget priced phone. I got my software upgrade on the very first day. now it is Android 4.3 Jellybean. Thank you Flipkart for quick delivery.
Sony XPERIA m is the best smartphone. It supports a lot of games and it's browser has flash support and pop up support. I like this phone but it is not fully 4.0 inch. Some space is taken up by the back and home buttons. Otherwise it is a good phone
The phone is good, sleek in design, light weight. The in built apps are really cool for daily use and camera is really nice...... crystal clear pic.........in one word it is very good phone in the smartphone segment.
I have been using it for last ~8 months. Everything works fine except it once hanged, I feel internal memory is bit less.
as u know already sony has once again realeased another average smart phone its my first nd my best smartphone..!! first of all the screen resolution is quite good... nothing to say abot music mania...nd camera s a lil dull bt works perfect no no more dan perfect in broad day light...!! battery s an issue all over xperians...do not try to update ur software android version...as it makes the mobyl to consume more battery althogh internal memory is a lil bit small...u can jst shift pre installed videos songs nd pix to sd card...jst purchase 16 gb on flipkart itself jst for 440 nd enjoy xperiam u ve lost one of ur stars jst because of low battery..!! bt guys donot hesitae i simply advise those who wanna purchase xperia m can jst proceed...!! ;)
The product was good and the delivery was good. It might be the best if the packing was done even more firmly. Other wise excellent services by Flipkart.
1. Battery performance is good 2. Sleek and easy to hike and use 3. Even though internal memory is 4 GB, it's sufficient for a normal use 4. Ask basic things like face book, twitter, olx, and some other useful apps are installed by default. Display can be sine what better, but it's OK...
Shipping: Shipping was good packing also good.. but in that box i found one free memory card sticker was removed.. the sticker was half removed so i found that it was taken by the seller.. Product: Product was good.. touch screen sensitivity is good.. works fast..really nice.. but camera is not that good.. some dark colour is always coming in all pic..
Product was sealed pack which was more important for my satisfaction delivery by corrier service was bit delayed but co-ortination was the best part and had no problems with the service still more to buy hope you give your best Flipkart team
Camera quality not satisfying me as compared to Samsung which give me realistic picture quality it gives me brightened picture
I bought this last week only. I am not having any bad experience till now. Before this I used a micromax ninja phone. so, Its need not to be told that this phone is better. No other android phone i had ever used. so, i cant give a comparative review. I had a big problem with connecting to the internet with my previous mobile(even 3G). Now the problem is solved. I have nothing to comment bad in this single week about this phone and I hope it will remain for a long time
Phone spec is good, even performance is also ok. But there is bug in this phone where apps cannot be moved to SD card from phone memory. And Sony is not supporting a fix for this bug. However if one installs App2SD app one can move videos and photos but not apps to SD card.
had a pleasant transaction, had a good discount and freebies. the maxx smart charger which was received was faulty, and though flipkart replaced it the other was also faulty.
i am using this phone from 1 month.its battery life is superb it last upto 2 and 1/2 days. which is great than other android phones. yes its camera is not so good but it is 7/10. although its sound quality and volume is great than other mid range android phones its internet browsing is so fast. and it is very slim and stylish. those people whom i have shown this phone are saying to buy this phone. overall i wil rate it 9/10.
i have compared this handset with samsung galaxy core. Xperia M and Galaxy core are of same range and having almost same features. Xperia M is much better in lieu of camera, battery, Gpu, especially processor, looks and all.
This is my third mobile from flipkart. Earlier I had purchased Lenovo A516, iball tab and this is the third one. First and most many thanks to flipkart people. They are superb in delivering the items. All three gadgets I received within two days. Now regarding mobile. I did not want to spend 25-30K and so I was looking for good model which comes in the range of 9K -13K. After reading many reviews about different products I finalised this one. Though sony mobiles are bit in higher range as compared to iball and other products ...its worth to buy under good brand name. As compared to my earlier iball tab. i am finding this one much better and easy to use. i wanted 4 or 4.5 inch screen mobile so stuck to this one. Its really very light weight and hence u dont feel as if if u have kept it in pocket.... Latest android version with all necessary pre installed apps. Battery life is good...I have been using it since last 2 months. The only cons could be 4 GB internal memory ( actual available is lesser) and apps can not be moved to micro SD card , also single sim slot..but one can go for dual sim with bit higher pay. SIM slot is for micro SIM , I need to replace my old SIM with new one for this. I dont play games and all ..so can not comment on that. camera is not up to the mark but would say for those who constantly post selfies on FB or whatsapp or other social networking sites..its okay. For day to day use with sufficient 3G or 2G talk time... overall its good phone
The product has been delivered at an excellent speed and the product was also good and it is well user friendly.
first of all, i love my phone i.e Xperia M. fine finish, good hardware, used for over a month. . .no heat up or speed issues. all apps run smooth. music output is good, tried with a 7.1 home theater, its crystal clear. camera is good, satisfactory at this budget. internet surfing is good too, even on 2g. front camera, okay for the budget. UI is smooth and quite good. u dnt need to use modifications. in short, go for it. u can trust this phone :) i assure that.
1 AWSM LOOK 2 LIGHT WT 3 FRAGILE 4 PROCESS SPEED HIGH ENOUGH 5 HDR WORKS NICELY 6 CAMERA NOT SATISFACTORY EXCEPT DAYLIGHT 7 BATTERY OK
I think sony xperia is the most stylish mobile phone recently in the market with a price range of 10400 this is a value for money product, NFC and gamming experience is really good, we can connect USB devices and can transfer data from usb to phone that is a good thing for me, display quality is above average, phone speaker sound is good, 1GHz dual core is really good camera and head phone sound is average, 2GB internal memory is the other problem we can`t move apps to sd card from internal storage thanks to flipkart for adding easy returns
It's a good phone at a really cheap price from Flipkart.Good Speed and enough memory to support all kinds of App
A handy phone, very smooth, features are excellent,if at all u want to pin point any draw back, it would be the front camera. Audio is cool. what i mean by handy here is that when u hold the phone in hand its comfortable than those bulky wide screen phones.
hi all, this is my first ever review on flipkart. i purchased Xperia M single Sim from Flipkart for my wife. this mobile has got premium looks, specifications are great at the quoted price and user interface is better than samsung androids. the only letdown is camera quality. pics are not up to the mark keeping mind that it has got 5MP camera. overall its a great buy if you look for beauty & specifications. other wise you may consider Nokia Lumia 525.
Delivered a day before the standard delivery time. Thanks for the free headphones. Amazing and recommended.
Within 2 weeks of usage,power key stopped functioning. I dont know how to switch off my handset. Hmmm it was a bad choice.
The best phone i have used in this budget, this phone is a strong rival of any phone that you can buy upto 16K. The best thin is it's response towards soft keys. This phone has got a strong user interfac . The GPU used in ths phone is andreno 305 which is a strong GPU and can play all the games available in the market like Modern Combat 3, 4 and can play real racing too. In play store modern combat 4 is not available for this phone because this phone has low internal memory but you can download it from torrent and then play, it runs without any lag. The response of home soft key is so strong that you can instantly come to home screen within a half second from any screen even from a heavy game. Cons Poor low light camera Low internal memory You can not shift apps to sd even after root Can not play ful hd videos Pros Smooth and fast 4g network Play any game Superb screen brightness even in sun Never hangs I won't talk about specifications because you can see them yourself But the only suggestion is that don't buy dual sim version of any phone (i got single one) in any brand, the are slow and hangs very often. My friend has got a htc desire 501 dual sim, it has got 1.15 gb ram and 16 gb internal and a mali 400 gpu and 8 mp camera but it hangs a lot even Subway surfer lags a lot. So if you want to buy a phone then suggestions are xperia m = mrp 12k Xperia L = mrp 15k Xperia SP = mrp 18k or s4 mini = mrp 19 k Experia zr = mrp 26k S4 = mrp 29k or xperia z = mrp 29 k These are the phone which never hangs and can play any game with no lag rest is your choice
In this budget the phone is pretty much what I expected. Processing capability is good and the display is nice. I have been using this phone for the last 6 months, and during this time the phone never hanged. After all nice, but approx 1500-2000 expensive.
Hello, am using this phone since five months and am very satisfied with it. Battery is really good as I am using the power saver feature of sony. Looks are awesme.. Feels premium.. Fits in ur hand.. Display is good... Only issue is 4gb internal memory.. So i am giving 4stars orelse its worth 5 star rating... But in this price point sony has done marvellous job..
Good Phone to buy in the lot. worth spending, sony has kept its name, with tough competition in the market. this one needs to be looked for.
I brought galaxy but bass was too low in ths phone so i had to brought Sony MDR-XB400 extra bass Headphone. Love the extra bass of my head phone but if you use Sony Xperia Phones or Sony Mp3 player with this head phone u will feel explosive bass and that is awesome. This phone's camera is superb.
Simple and fast Android phone . Good sound and display Only can is it has got 5 mp camera which wrks well in good amt of light and when in comes to front camera it is very poor got a very bad resolution n it needs good light for a video call else images will be dark :)
i had good experience with the phone pros good processor good graphics excellent built this phone can play any andriod games available in the market low internal memory problem can be solved with some rooting trust me.... i have done that i have played asphalt 8 dead trigger most wanted etc these games can be installed on memory cards by rooting and you can install lots of apps using link to sd and rooting so if you have have courage to root the device this phone can be really be powerfull...............!
I have been using this phone for about 3 months now. 1. Only 4GB internal memory of which 1.2 GB is user available. 2. Cannot install apps on SD. This is disabled by the manufacturer. More expensive phones like the C/Z have this enabled. Cheaper phones by other manufacturers like Micromax have this enabled. 3. Screen visibility/brightness is quite poor in daylight/sunlight. Even with maximum screen brightness. 4. Connectivity - Keeps loosing signal, sometimes. If you pass through a lift and come out, the signal is lost. But it does not reconnect always. Sometimes, you have to do this manually 5. GPS connectivity is flaky and doesn't locate sometimes. 6. Plastic back comes off if we try to remove the PU case. Would expect a tighter fit with the body.
I bought this phone on Dec-2013. Really a good experience using this phone. Advantage is all the needed facilities are included. Disadvantage is Camera. Clarity is not good. Mobile get heated when using internet. All others are good. My rating is 3 out of 5.
moto e is better than this and experia l so no need to look for this phone go for moto e........ .................................
Experia M is a superb phone with excellent features. The performance of the phone is good and I'm able to play some of the high graphics games as well without any glitch. And after the recent software update it's got even more better. The camera, music and other features are very good and gives crisp and clear pics and sound.
Hey guys if you want 4.3 update you should update your update center app manually, So just download apk from given link dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/21943836/Update%20Centre_2.1.1.A.0.10.2.apk After update your update center app you got 4.3 update immediately..
i have buyed this phone from market i must tell u it is outstandding no lags i have tried dead trigger and dead effect and real racing like heavy games but the phone doesnt lags now it has got a update for android 4.3 the phoner has become very good now
this phone is really awsome.........i bought it through flip kart one month before. im just loving it.only problem is, ther is no option to install applications,games in external memory card. other than that phone is very good nd i mean it
no problem was faced. i think single sim mobile is better then dual sim xperia m. nice experience with xperia m.
Sony xperia M is best mid range phone compare to samsung. best to buy from flipkart.com to save miimum 1000rs from Market price.
The feature that I liked most in this phone: When you plug in the charger and the phone is charging, we can see a steak of red light at the bottom of the display. When the charging crosses 90% the light turns green. And at this point one is supposed to unplug the charger. The same light also indicates missed calls SMS recieved in other colours Camera: We get decent pictures with this camera. But if the object moves even a bit while the photo is being taken, the comes very bad, we see multiple layers of some parts of the image. The display is good
I Love this phone cuz if its size,looks,quality, its totally awesome. all i can say check out the specification and compare with all phones before u buy it. at the same time Micromax turbo is also gud, but Samsung damn sucks....
I just received my phone and thanks Sony because i got 4.3 update. I got this product within 2 days thanks to flipkart
its good feelings after use , better performanace for voice , clarity & screen touch feel, apps speed good , memory status better with 4 gb is suffiecient ,
I purchased this mobile almost one week ago from flipkart. i really impressed to flipkart services. time 2 time delivery and product packing is really awesome. i purchsed single sim and android 4.1.2 out of box. Battery is very good. I am getting 4hrs of display time which is excellent for a mid range phone. I am not using stamina mode and very happy with battery. Photos are good, but not great. O will use this for 2 more weeks and then upgrade to 15.1.c.2.8. jb 4.3 is not available in my phone right now. I was told to first update to JB 4.2 then i will get the notification to upgrade to 4.3
Totally satisfied with this one, even i am using xperia z1. but i like xperia M more that it. specially music. and great performance in this price. must go for it.
Delivery is always on time and products of WS Retail are always the best. I am happy to have this phone at the price less then the market rate.
Very very disappointed phone ever I used one, Purchased 5 days before from first hour Screen gone to FREEZE often then only restart through remove battery and fix it. Please don't buy this model,
Worth the Money. No phone has NFC with this price. Nice packing by flipkart. Good battery back up and excellent design.
its battery not supporting as like giving time by manufacturers.... nd processor heat very high every time when i only do chat.... m fear to play game,,, in this hand set.
This is good phone with fantastic loud clear sound, no match with other phone in terms of music player. Robust built quality. Nice phone in budget.
this device works great. pretty fast have been using it for couple of weeks now but there is no lag. the sound quality is pretty good the device is best in visuals n style compared to other brands and all the fuss about low brightness is simply not worth it graphics is quite impressive and battery is long lasting(24 hours with moderate to heavy use) the camera is similar to other 5mp mobile cameras.. but there is a bit of heating problem which doesnt matter much and the phone is bit low on internal memory as you cannot transfer apps to your SDcard
very bad camera quality. sometime call can not connect and show ''Connection problem or invalid MMI Code'' I went to sony service centre but they were not able to correct above two problems. so, pls. never buy this xperia M it is not good product from Sony.
Didnt buy this from Flipkart but writing a genuine review to help the fellas out here..I bought this wonder 8 months back Pros: Superb build quality. It feels really good to hold this in your hand Display is too good Awesome sound quality and clarity. The earphone quality is also good No performance lag Quite good battery backup..Switching the wifi on entire day, surfing the internet for 1-2 hrs, playing subway surfers for 30 mins - 1 hr, music for 1 hr, calls for 1-1.5 hrs and still the battery can support for around 12-13 hours.. Cons: Short charging cum USB cable Every app gets installed in internal memory..So you would get warning that internal memory is almost full often..Sony pls take care of this..
Excellent battery backup. Display is average. Camera is average. In terms of looks its really beautiful its like iphone-5. Weight is too light. Multitasking is very smooth. Amazing call clarity. Battery saver mode is the excellent feature of sony which this phone also have.You can use this phone turning on the data connection through the whole day without the fear of charging in the same day. After buying I immediately got an Android 4.3 Jelly Bean update which is very fast and user friendly. Overall its a best phone in this budget.
Happy to inform about this product. It's very handy phone cute but some minor issues are there if you install more than 3 apps the phone will get hang and process gets slow. Wifi connect also having some problem it's taking more time to connect. There is not options to create an album While using 2g/3g battery is not that much capable max 1/1-1/2 day overall looks cute i will suggest to buy this phone a lot is there about this product.... About the delivery it's very effective within 3 days i got this product and Flikart doing their job good product also good.
I was so mesmerized by the look of it about this particular model by Sony that I had to buy it. After seeing so many images on the internet about this device I finally bought it from Flipkart. After unboxing the package which was delivered to me on time by Flipkart I was disappointed by its looks. In reality it is very thin as compared to iPhone or Nokia 525. The thickness of the device is on the lower side. That itself makes it less premium. Its very average looking device. Some may not agree with me on this but its just my opinion. Apart from looks... the phone works like a charm. I did not face any lag throughout. My handset immediately got an Android 4.3 Jelly Bean update from Sony when I switched on the WiFi. I wish I could have stretched more on my budget to get The MOTO G. I don't regret buying this device nor can I complain but MOTO G is a better option for anyone in my opinion. Finally Flipkart is one of the best options you have for making purchases online.
Just loving it ... good Mobile ... great price !!! ... awesome service from Flipkart !!! ... and top of that I got a Sony headphone free with this set .... just made my day ...!!! For all, please don't expect IPhone or Samsung S4 from from this set as it is simply a budget entry level android set ...!!!! Cons: Less internal memory 1.5 GB good for people like me who, use less app and games Cons: Camera is weak ... but, then its OK compare to pricing of the mobile ... !!! Over all rating 8/10
AFTER USING THE PHONE, AND DOING MULTITASKING.....I FOUND SOME ISSUES. 1.SCREEN IS LOW 4 INCH.[4.5 INCH IS BETTER OPTION] 2.SOMETIMES LAGS DUE TO MULTI-TASKING. 3.CAMERA QUALITY[5 MP] IS EQUIVALENT TO ORDINARY 3.2 MP. 4.AUTOFOCUS IS NOT ACCURATE. PLEASE NOTE THIS THING AND CHECK ON OTHER FORUMS BEFORE PURCHASE.OTHERWISE THE PHONE IS AVERAGE,NOT EXCELLENT . PURCHASE THIS XPERIA M FROM FLIPKART@10795 INR ONLY.
camera sucks big time. everything else is perfect. specially works wonderfully with 3G connection. yes, flipkart is as usual a wonderful experience. the retailer a bit slow to deliver though.... mobile is quite excellent in its built too. very slim and kind of scratch proof. a bit pron to dust though.
Really worth buying the mobile in the price, The configuration is also superb as compared to other brands, this price is worth in Sony.
Battery is not good.....if u use camera and internet , battery is getting down quickly otherwise it is stable.Eventhoug we enable power management...Pls check before buy
Package got delivered 2 days in advance. Awesome phone :) Superfast and reliable delivery Waiting for the 4.3 upgrade
If u want a good phone from a premium company, this is the best product u can buy. I'm using this product for more than 6 months and totally satisfied. My Review About This Phone.. 1. THE LOOK....its has a beautiful, slim & sexy look but plastic back is a little bit disappointment and white phn gets dirty easily. Sony looks better in black. 2. DISPLAY- 854 x 480 Pixels Resolution & 245 ppi pixel density is good & it gives a better display. 3. BATTERY- As I'm a rough user...I needed a phone with good battery backup. Battery STAMINA Mode is good to save battery & give u long backup. 4. CAMERA- camera is not upto the mark. It gives good picture a light but in low light it is poor, front camera is also poor. Video Recording is also good in light. 5. PROCESSOR- 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4, Dual Core is good & its rarely lag. 1 GB ram is enough for gaming & multitasking. 6. OTHER FEATURES- NFC, Scratch Resistantetc. If ur budget is 12k, grab this phn. You'll never regreat.
I got sony M dual from an on line store and found that it lacks user friendly speed dial/ one touch dialling found even in low end phones as well as in smart phones and confirmed with Sony service also(not found in xperia models ) Even the resolution is not good as compared with sony phones of similar price range. Even the on/off and camera keys are awkwardly placed. I returned the phone.If you can manage without this facility, you can go for it !
xperia m is the best for people opting for budget sony phones. it is better than any other models of micromax or samsung(not present in this range) and lenovo. good n excellent touch... get urself updated n adapted to the sony camera... good ram...etc.....:):):0
The phone is good though flipkat took a little time to deliver it. Amazing speed for the hardware that they are packing. Screen size is good and for me, this is really good phone for entry level in Android. Camera functions satisfactorily well. Overall a strong recommendation to buy the product. Worth the money!
I have bought Lumia 520, Galaxy S Advance and this one Xperia M from Flipkart. Things u should know about Xperia M:- 1. M comes in around 12k, keep in mind its not a high end phone. 2. But, it has a better class of cpu and gpu and there is also 1GB of ram. I haven't seen it hang for once. 3. Camera is as usual 5mp just like other phones from this range, but it has a two-stage stutter which is very much useful. 4. Black color model has more grip on the back then other colors. 5. Mine was android 4.1 but as soon as i put the sim card inside, it showed firmware android update. 6. Sound is more clear and loud than other in range phones like Galaxy S Duos, Xperia L, Lumia 520/620. 7. Games donot lag. 8. Scratch proof display. 9. Sony Bravia TV connection support, as shown in the Xperia Z advertise. 10. File transfer via wifi is 4/5 MBPS and usb from PC is 20-25 MBPS. 11. Battery backup good. Bad things are 1. it doesnot play 1080P videos, bcoz the screen is built narrow, to manage the on-screen 3-buttons. 2. i will recommend Moto G over it, and Lumia 520 bellow it.
ULTIMATELY GOT MY PHONE YESTERDAY. After so many phone calls they provided some good customer care support. However The product looks good. Lets c how it performs. The Email sent to Flipkart got no response: Hi, Absolutely disappointed by your utter failure to deliver the said product within due date, to provide updated track order facility on your website and to deploy responsible and useful customer care service. Please go through the following points- 1. The item was supposed to be delivered by 21st March,2013 which was the 7th day from placing the order (15th March, 2013). 2. Did not get proper update in 'Track Order' facility. After 18th March, no update has been put on your website. Now its 21st March, still its showing 18th March update. 3. On 20th March, I talked to one of your customer care executives who assured me that I would get the product by 21st March and also informed that due to some holiday in Bengaluru, the website had not been updated on 19th March but could get that by the end of the day. But Alas! Nothing has happened on 20th March. 4. Once again getting no info regarding my mobile, I talked to another executive at 2:40pm today. She could not provide any further info other than which was written over internet known to me previously and told me that she would give the proper status 8hrs later!! Could you believe it?? 5. Still in real despair thinking of your cold-blooded carelessness to deliver the product to a famous city like Durgapur !! Now, You tell me how nicely you captured the art of playing with our hard-earned money paid beforehand and profiting all the interest out of it. Not only that, you are playing with our emotions, trust everything related to Flipkart. I know what you will do after finding this kind of email. You will just set an automatic reply saying 'we regret for the inconvenience, you will get the item by ….'. Isn't it? I don' want to listen many more lame excuses from you. Keen to get the reply from your end ASAP and want the exact status of the product by tomorrow 1st hour positively and get it delivered within 1 business-day failing which I will have to upload the screenshots of your 'track order' everywhere over the internet to get the other innocent people not fooled by your tricky and harmful business!!
Hi, I am happy to have sony xperia M thru Flipkart.... but my only issue is does not sony provide a user's manual / guide on how to operate the gadget?? I found it difficult to operate certain functions as i could not understand how to adjust / set any of the apps. If there was a user guide how to adjust cam settings, how to use other apps would have been better.... Please see if this is missing or not available from manufacturer only One thing I must say I am really happy on the service provided by Flipkart... the tracking of the parcel, the packaging, etc. I was told 4-5 days are required, but I received the item within 2 - 2half days.
The phone has all the qualities that you expect from a budget friendly mobile. The applications run fairly smooth and the amount of RAM on board keeps the UI lag-free most of the times. The only let down is the camera quality. The rear camera takes average quality photos in bright light and fails at indoor photography (which is to be expected in a low-end phone). The front camera only displays a black screen when used in medium lighting. Apart from that, a good solid buy for the price range.
Pros Handy- You can use it with one hand all operation unlike other huge phones. Speedy- no hangs and no crashes of application. Good camera quality - HD video, photos. Best is the HDR photos, color qulity in photos. Superb audio clarity - Clear Audio, Xloud and 2x equalizers. 2 side mic for superb HD recording. Cons Android v4.1 OS. Low internal memory. 0.3 MP Secondary Camera which not that much good in video callings. The company fitted scratch guard on the phone was not good quality, so I have to buy new one. So whoever needs small but powerful mobile in this price and brand go for it. TOTAL VALUE FOR MONEY Note: If you see one sticker with only number on it on the box. It indicates quality of the product (1st class, 2nd class.....).
the phone is also gud but camera is not so gud lukwise phn is better in all segment phone sound qualty great sony phn is awesome all girls like this phn
Bought this product a couple of months back. A killer phone in the 12k range. If you are using a 8MP camera or a DSLR, please don't use the phone's camera as you will not be satisfied. But the camera does well and lives up to the expectation of a 12k phone camera. Games run smoothly and good for multitasking. Overall its a good deal. Only drawback that too due to limitation of Android is that, apps can't be moved to the microSD card. Hopefully Sony will patch it soon.
So far i am very satisfied with the product after using from last 1 month. Initially i had the problem with internal calling speaker but after the complaint Flipkart changed my mobile with the new one...Thanks to them :)
Stylish fone, sleek and handy. Works good. Better choice for this price(1 ghtz proccessor, 1 gb ram, nfc, 4 inch screen etc..) But same problems as with Sony Xperia models. Its my 4th fone from sony. But never satisfied as samsung fones. Not even a single call-record software works in this fone. Google voice search wont work unless some updations.. My personal opinion.-- Dnt opt for sony if ur not so addicted..Even fones like Samsung, Xolo had more money value.(my friend uses- better perfomance for less price.).
Phone is good in that price but one negative point is its network problem, it loses network all time. I dont know if it is manufacturer problem or other.
the specs and quality of the phone is good. but the internal memory of 4 GB runs out fast. as of now the apps cannot be exported to memory card without use of outside apps, some of which need root access. and not all apps can b exported. even with dodol launcher and other additions, the phone works without any lag. the camera is as expected at this price (not great).device also comes with NFC and the 32 gig memory card purchased separately works well. audio quality is above average both on earphones and loudspeaker. in all the phone brings more recent tech at a great price.
Xperia M Is The Best Mobile Phone In Its Price Range......I Am Very Much Satisfied By Its design & style.........
Awesome experience. Good battery support, better sound experience, good display. The only problem is with the limited internal memory.
THIS IS ONE COOL PHONE...THE HARDWARE AND LOOKS OF THE PHONE R GREAT FOR THE PRICE FLIPKART IS OFFERING. IT IS CAPABLE OF PLAYING MANY GRAPHICS INTENSE GAMES...AND THATS COOL. EVEN AFTER 4 MONTHS OF HEAVY USAGE IT NEVER HANGS. A PERFECT 4 INCH PHONE THAT NEVER LETS U DOWN. IT IS THE BEST PHONE U CAN GET FOR THIS PRICE FINALLY...THANK U ONCE AGAIN "SONY" FOR NOT LETTING ME DOWN
I bought this phone as a gift for my wife, and it has been wonderful, so much so that I use it for the games from Google play. My Mrs. uses it for the internet interface that is good and she finds it convenient with the memory space in it for contacts and images. the camera quality is alright. It looks costlier than it is.
Camera: This can go either way. The rear cam is 5 megapixels with all the standard features already on board plus HDR. Images taken during broad to medium daylight are amazing, simply amazing. The sensor is extremely fast so you need not worry about missing a single moment. Low light is where the camera somewhat simply gives up. Images contain a lot of noise and tend to be hazy at times. Flash improves things but at the same time can be a pain in the rear as well. Sony needs to work on it's focusing issues. The Xperia can shoot videos at 720p resolution as well which I am afraid to tell you is not good at all, barely average. It's all down to autofocus issues. There is also a front VGA cam which is nothing noteworthy. Conclusion: At just around 12k, it's currently the best branded phone in the 10-16k market only next to Moto G. When it first came out back in August, it was the hottest phone and stocks were getting empty within days, now I know why. Worth every penny that I spent on it. It is for those people who want a very strong performance, good battery life, premium design, great music output and a decent camera. It is a true value for money phone with a few features like NFC yet to be fully realized. It's media capabilities are great, just excellent for a media happy guy. My experience with this phone has been terrific and I plan on using this phone for at least 2 more years. Model: Sony Xperia M C1904 Color: Black Firmware: 15.C.2.8
After having used java phones for a while, my first step into the smartphone world was Nokia C5-05, a modest smartphone in a time where the only easily accessible android phone was the rather legendary Samsung Galaxy Y. The Nokia stuck true to it's legacy, rarely let me down through the year and a half I had it in my possession, great music output, decent camera, decent internet surfing and all the other basic needs that one can wish for. For a while I had been looking for my first android phone, initially I had my eyes set on Sony Xperia U but it's limited storage always set me back. At one point, I even came to point of buying a single core phone but luckily I held myself back. Then came the announcement of Xperia M and I instantly fell in love with it upon seeing it. The features were everything that I had dreamt of. On 27th August, 2013 I purchased this beast for 13k and handed over my Nokia to my dad. Ah that day, I will never forget, I actually battled flooded streets just to buy a smartphone lol. So without further delay, let's get right into the review, shall we ? Design and interface: This phone doesn't look cheap from any angle, it has the design of Sony's former flagship device, Z. The curve is quite unique, the aluminium power button is something of a rarity and as soon as you hold it, you will feel like you are holding a 30k+ something phone. The phone looks damn sexy in black. The screen is great, at 4 inches and 245 ppi, images are crisp and clear although the viewing angles are somewhat off. The SONY and Xperia logos at the back do what they are supposed to do, the camera lens has an aluminium ring around it which further adds to M's design superiority. M has also has two active noise cancellation mikes but so far, I haven't quite seen how advantageous they actually are. Coming to the interface, we have Sony's timescape interface to play with and make no mistake, it's damn good and butter smooth. We have Jelly Bean's usual customization options and the pre-installed themes are quite catchy. In my 6 months of usage, I have never felt lost while using the interface. Performance: It is one of the main reasons why I bought this phone. With 1 gigs of RAM, 1 ghz dual core krait processor and Adreno 305 GPU, it is almost equivalent to any quad core cortex A7 architecture based phones out there. With JB 4.1.2 installed, I have rarely suffered any lags. I have a number of apps installed but my experience has always been smooth except when navigating through the home panels(bug). Temple Run 2 runs with 0 lag. Recently, I rooted my phone and installed NFS Most Wanted and much to my surprise, the game is running at acceptable frame rates a midst lags at times due to dual core processor. So, performance is no issue here and if you are a heavy user, this phone is just right for you. Unfortunately, for gamers, you can't move apps to SD and what's even more unfortunate is, with 4.3 update on the horizon, you still won't be able to move apps :( Media, Battery and Call quality: Sony's walkman app is too good, just way too good. Audio quality is great though I feel my Nokia performed better. I am using Sony's MDR110 headphones. Audio though is very pleasing and clear, but slightly quiet though. Walkman provides all the basic stuff like playlists and there is even an option to download album art and info from a service called gracenote. The album app is very neat and user friendly. Pictures are organized on the basis of which month they were taken in. You also get to do a slideshow and Throw settings by which you can play your images/videos on a Sony smart TV. Throw is also available for music as well. You can also view images based on the folders they are stored in or by their location and even their face tags. The movies app is fun to use, quite neat and user friendly, it also has the gracenote feature. 720p videos play smoothly without any lag but 1080p videos are a no go unless you use MX player but the videos will lag a bit. The battery is one of the strongest points of this phone, I will simply say, it's extraordinarily good. With moderate usage, it can even get you through 2 days without charging. Standby is exceptional and stamina mode will only make things even better. However, with mobile data on, battery drains quickly. Call quality is very good although it could have been slightly better.
I bought this phone for my younger brother who wanted an affordable, branded and android phone. I am not a android user/fan so can;t comment about the merits of this phone but my brother who has been using this phone for almost 1 month is pretty impressed with it and it's features. 2 things I didn't like about the phone are the power on/off key and camera quality. My 1 year old nokia lumia 520 takes better pictures and videos than xperia M
Simply the best. Specs available in site. So no need to write. Cons- Needs charging daily and gets heated up after continuous browsing, but not a major drawback.
Good budget mobile with good specs, less screen resolution, camera is average, pictures are poor when taken indoor, day light pictures are good for sharing on facebook , whatsapp etc, sound is loud and clear, slim n light weight, worth its money.
The phone is awesome, every feature is worth complimenting at this Price ! thank you xperia Happy with the product.
Overall a good phone. Has very good audio. decent battery backup. Very compact and perfect size for a phone. And looks very good. Not very happy about the camera. I tried clicking some photos, they were not sharp enough. And, internal memory could have been more.
Got this phone a week back. This is a wonderful cell phone in the range of 10-12K. Voice quality is good , music is good. Camera is average. Internet browsing speed is amazing ( It came with 1 GB free 3G data for 2 months from Vodafone :-) ). Will surely recommend this product to anyone .
good phone in fact. good camera good processor dispaly could be better battery is decent the bad thing is the memory management...the apps tend to fill the internal storage...and the rask is tedious to move into sd card...sometimes it doesnt.. however very good product
Good enough for a average user who does not do much of mobile data usage & Gaming as far as the internal memory and battery life is concerned
I've been using Xperia M for the last 3 months and I absolutely love it! I didn't purchase it from Flipkart so can't comment about their service in this regard, but the smartphone is just awesome. It's just the right size (can be handled using one hand), its light with an elite look. Screen resolution is less than Samsung phones but then I guess that has a positive effect on the battery. For me, with medium gaming, full day 2G use, half an hour of music, 1 to 1.5 hrs call, a full recharge of the battery lasts for like 1.5 days. Never experienced the phone hanging up...Personally I think that the sound quality is also upto Sony's reputation. Long calls can heat up the phone, but I use a bluetooth headset for them, so that's resolved. GPS is not super accurate but for the purposes of daily use, its good enough. Camera is just okay. Poor performance in low lighting. But for a phone of this range, can't complain about that either. Overall, I love the product and would recommend it to all who are purchasing a smartphone to use it more than to flaunt it.
I bought this phone as a gift for my wife from a neighbourhood shop. (Not from flipkart) The phone build quality if great but the display is not all that good. Very poor viewing angle and the colours and not that vivid.. Looks washed out. apart from the display the rest of the features are just fine..
Its purple color..very much attractive. The only problem is it has currently version 4.1 android, which you cannot move apps to sd card until you root the phone. The 4.3 version can do it.. but we have to wait for that version to come. I am using a 32 GB class 10 card. Works fine and very fast. I also bought a TPU case from ncase with it, Perfect phone for using in one hand.
Great smartphone from Sony at low budget.. I bought this 2 months back and I am very impressed by its performance.. It never lags and battery life is also quite good.. highly recommended to all who are wishing to buy smartphone at this range.
best sony smartphone available in range of 10000 to 15000 lookwise performancewise and in camera quality (even better than xperia L)
It's worth a consideration Sony has exceptional quality although now moto g makes more sense I would recommend it if price drops to 9k
gud looking nd worthy mob for money... camera s gud awasum clarity storage nd battery backup are the oly drawbacks
Hi, I purchased this phone 2 weeks ago, till now it works perfect.. amazing camera and music quality. i feel some basic features like to set ringtone or wallpaper (Lock screen) etc is bit difficult in this phone.. thats better in samsung android version.. White color may get dirty easily, use cases.. otherwise excellent phone..
The items have arrived right on time, and the package was in good condition, rest to talk about the phone is something personal which i believe anybody owning it can only have an opinion. Else Sony's experia series is very good one.
Hi guys, would like to know if there are slight chipping marks on the camera silver ring (chipps/air bubbles like feel) I have it on my phone ? is it a common problem even my replacement item has it. Thanks
Its too good....Purple is truly a beauty - though strictly suited for girls....Easy to use .....Everything is fine.....definetly meets your expectation..
more worthy for money and nice to use only defect is battery stands for 7hours while using internet but better than many other android phones
Simply superb!! Most of my friends said not to trust Sony due to their lack of durability, but this is surely the exception!! Perfection is how I would describe it. Total Value for Money!(I got it for 7.5K)
Camera 5.5/5 Display 4/5 Battery 4.5/5 Games 5/5 Interface 4/5 Dont see the comments .. Just Buy it ..Better than samsung mid-range & micromax
Sony Xperia M is a classic and a budget phone for less than 12k the price which i purchased for and over all its good and for a person who wants handy phone can simply buy this,camera quality is not upto the mark,the light changing below the display for images is good as usual from sony,over all can buy this phone if usage is not so much and one bad thing happened is the phone which got delivered was void the seal was broken and later on i found out that the display was changed to some local one but luckly it was Flipkart they made a replacement right after i complained .....
Good value for money. Got what I was looking for..Good features and user friendly..I think this is the best in this range and category.Compared with other equivalent products,did R & D and locked it on Sony Xperia M . Will recommend this to everybody over and over again.... the only worry is that the local sony dealer & service center is not happy that this deal has been done thro Flipkart..due to the great price offered by Flipkart. They refused to put their stamp on the warranty card..which is disturbing Time will tell if I get a step motherly treatment at the SONY AUTHORIZED SERVICE CENTER, God forbid if I have to go to them at all...
Was a good phone but after moto G launch its very very behind in race. Display quality is not so good but it's a so so phone
best phone.. got it for a discount price of 11.5g and im really happy with the phone.. i wudnt mind paying 13g for dis phone which is d actual cost...
Ordered this phn frm flipkart and recieved on 25th jan. After using for a while nw the phn performance is flawless, no lag even after playing high end games. The display is crystal clear and the phone luks premium wid gud built quality. Best buy under 15k.
I really like the phone. I previously had the Xperia typo and Xperia E, which weren't really up to the mark. But this phone is excellent and doesn't cause any problems. For the price its really good and does everything you'd expect it to. The phone is a microsim compatible phone, so make sure you use the correct sim. The one area it lacks is in the front camera, which doesn't work well in areas with low light, but in daylight its pretty good.
Screen resolution - Better in practice than figures in spec Handling - This is best (expecially for smaller hands, this is easy to handle). Light weight. Performance - Comes with dual core 1GHz processor and separate GPU. Buttery smooth. Connectivity - 2G/3G, WiFi, NFC, BT and all the necessary navigational sensors Price - Very attractive Camera - Average Built - Front panel with screen cover + back panel (as cover) matte finish (smudge resist) One may argue that for a slightly higher price point, you can get a better spec Moto G. But the convinience of holding it or slipping it in to your pocket with ease is something which you dont find in other similar priced devices.
A very good smartphone from Sony at this price point. Easily beats some of the best phones in its category. No brainer at its category
I bought this mobile through flipkart. i got my phone on time.. flipkart delivers me on time.. the service is excellent, and the packaging is safe and gud. i'm using this mobile for the past one month ,still now i don't find any probs in this mobile. a gud one to buy. it is worth for the penny you spend.
I'm very happy with this product (sony xperia M), it has great touch screen just like iphon. I'm very happy with this product (sony xperia M), it has great touch screen just like iphon.
I recently brought xperia M, the camera got a blue tint and screen got pathetic viewing angle. Camera is one of the worst in any of the camera phone. CPU, GPU, Ram etc are decent in this price range, and dont experience any lag. Phone is also good looking in White. Expect camera this phone is good.
for that price i think its very good ,good looks, good functionality, plus its sony,loved it,delivery by flipkart was also very fast
i am using this phone from past two months and and never regret ,, 1-it is better than galaxy core ,micromax a110,and many other phones even greater than its price tag 2-better signal strength and u know the feel of walk man.
Sony has certainly changed my opinion about it's products. The Xperia M has been the best cell phone I've ever owned in my life. It's light weight, sleek and just the right cell phone for people who are looking to buy something worth the price!
i purchased Sony experia m from flipkart and the mobile is running in good condition and am happy with flipkart services some time i get in best price
First of all, full marks to Flipkart for excellent-as-usual handling of the order. Keep up the good work! Now about the Xperia M. It is an excellent phone for that price; but I ran into two problem areas. Read on. First problem. The camera, at least in the piece that came to me, produces a greenish-cyan cast in every single picture. It is another thing that I am able to correct using Pixlr Express; but then I have to do it for every single picture! (For the benefit of other Xperia M users, the correction is possible using Pixlr Express by going to Adjustment -> Color -> Hue -> using the slider to -7). Major problem, right? Now here is a problem that is even bigger! I was trying of the various available features and I stumbled upon one that is actually meant for visually challenged users. On going to Settings -> Accessibility -> Text to speech output, when I enabled this option the phone got locked. Nothing, just nothing worked after that! I couldn't even power off. I opened the rear panel and removed the battery and replaced it in the hope that at least this manoeuvre must work; but it didn't! The phone had got completely, and apparently permanently locked! That is when I called up Sony's Xperia help line (1 800 3000 2800). I must have made at least seven calls and spoke to as many guys from their technical support team. Excellent team, nice guys to talk with, very helpful; but even they couldn't give a solution. Out of exasperation, each one of them directed me to drop in to one of their two service centres in the western suburbs - not owned by Sony, but their franchisees. One of them does not answer the phone (both numbers that Sony's technical team provided), and at the other franchisee's place, the responses on the three phone calls that I made are so pathetic and unprofessional that I dare not entrust my phone to them. So, based on my discussion with seven of Sony's technical guys, I decided to try different combinations (from the possible solutions that they had given on phone, although none had worked). Finally, one combination worked. I will share it with everyone; but only after I get Sony to look into this crippling bug in the software that drives the Xperia M. In summary, a) live with the overall greenish-cyan cast in every single picture and b) don't ever go to the option Settings -> Accessibility -> Text to speech output. Everything else seems good, at least till now! Touch wood!
one of the best product from sony in economy range, dual core processor with separate GPU gives a good gaming experience oveall.. sound quality is is as usual best of sony.
Have been using this phone for the past 1 month now, and it works very well! no lags, great music quality no issues with the battery, it works well for 2 days at a stretch without requiring a recharge (avg of 3hrs calls, 2hrs internet including downloads and messaging throughout and 30mins music) great mid range phone!
Good performance. Great looks and Great Sony Music. Overall Good phone in Budget. I wish sony can add some free internal memory to the phone.
I have been using this phone for the last 20 days.... It looks and feels great to hold in your hand, and its pretty light... The quality of the speakers is very good...!! The only CON may be the camera, the still photography could have been better... The video recording quality is too good though... Also, the device heats up a bit on playing games for a long time... Overall, its a very good buy in its range... I got it for Rs. 11365 from Flipkart, which was the cheapest at that time among all the online and offline options....!
Really a good pdt frm soNY..The multicolor light below the screen is just goldie.. PROS: 1.Not a bit of lagging 2.owsum camera (primary) 3.Gud for gaming 4.SOund quality is also good enough 5.support NFC CONS: 1.Battery backup is just avg 2.Front camera quality is very low. 3.Android is not upgrading to 4.2.2 . . . Overall a great device..Will give 4/5... If u guys r looking for an adroid one below 15k..just go for it...or else go 4 moto G...dont go for mmx or xolo...They Really SuCkZZ..zz...
Bought this fone on Flipkart. Got delivered on time. Great phone from Sony sound games display awesome!!!!!. Only problem. It say 4GB internal but only 2 GB is offered our use as the other 2 is used by Android.If u instal new apps (Usually we do) the remaining 2 GB gets reduced..Apps cannot be moved to SD Card.. But still a Good Buy..
Hi Guys, I Bought this phone 4 mnths back. it has lot of problems. The Display is crap, also the inbuilt memory is very less so you cant install apps more that 1.5 gb :(. specially mine had serious troubles with the PCB and the Display and I took my phone twice to the service center and they've changed the PCB and Display. Now it is still in the service center. i dont know my issues will get resolved. but once I receive it back - I'll definitely sell it and buy any new one but not sony again.
An awesome product. I had heard reviews that its battery life isnt good. But need to say that I couldnt find such an issue until now. The pricing at FK was perfect for 11.5K when other sites offered it at 12.5K.
Its a all-round great product, and works absolutely smooth no matter what you're doing (gaming, watching movies, surfing net...) but my device have a slight problem with its microphone which malfunctions certain times. All in all a 8.5/10 product and a must buy in 10-13k range.
camera is very bad.... even small shakes will produce blurred images...image stabilisation is not that much expected... remaining features are best among that range of phones...
Have been using the Xperia M for about a month now. The phone is really good! Great features and little things like a flexible keyboard makes your life a lot easy! For the price, it's a steal! Battery could have been more supportive though. Lasts the usual one day. You don't get everything in life I guess:-)
Really fast processors, allows multi view using small apps feature, battery lasts really long.... doesnt deplete exponentially. Go For It. :)
i bought my sony xperia M smart phone a couple of weeks ago. speaking about flipkart service, nothing to say bad about it, since they serves what we expecting and giving quality service and products. About my mobile, what i felt a big drawback is, while using my 3G, it got too hot at the top back side of the set and not even hand it for a long time. not only using 3g and also if i speak more than 5 minutes while calling, it even gets hot and scary to touch my ear. Pls donot buy this phone or use headset or Bluetooth while calling.
i bought this product on oct 2013. Till now, there is no complaint occurs. but cons abt this is, its menu arrangement, unwanted softwares, which cant be uninstalled, nd blue nd reddish appearance of the screen, which is same for all sony pdcts. I think moto g is a strong opponent of this model.
All things are are good, But the low light photography is a bit noisy. Nice design nice display(in this range) Sound quality very good
Thank you Flipkart for making an excellent phone such as this available at such an affordable price. This is definitely the best phone available at this price range. Some of the best features of this phone are: "Small apps" - these are available in the app-switching screen, and you can open them without having to close the app you are currently using. They will open above the running app. Calculator, flashlight, notes, timer, stopwatch etc. are the apps available here. You can also download a lot more from the Play Store. I found this feature super convenient! "Smart Connect" - this pre-installed app from Sony enables you to perform a set of actions when you connect your phone to a charger or a headphone/headset. For example, you can automatically set Vibration mode when you connect a headphone/headset. I was searching for a while for a standalone app that does this, and realized I already had one! "Xperia Link" - This app enables you to connect to the internet on your PC using the connection available on your phone. This can come in very handy during traveling for example. The only complaint - that many others have already made - is the lack of internal storage space. Apps to SD option is also not available. All in all, a super phone that can stand up to many pricier phones in terms of features. Highly recommended.
A great Phone . Its a phone not a 5 - 6 inch monster. great processor. no lag. a bit of a compromise on Camera.but offers decent photos in daylight. definitely better than Samsung core.
I AM PROUD TO OWN THE MAGIC PIECE 1.YOU CAN UNINSTALL THE STOCK APPS 2.CAMERA======== NATURAL AND REAL COZ ITS SONY 3.AUDIO===========NO BRAND CAN COMPARABLE WITH IT 4.DISPLAY========WOW I AM REAALY FALL IN LOVE 5.DESIGN=========PERFECT SHAPE LIKE BIPASHA (samsung is sonkshi) 6.REVIEW=========5 STAR ON ALL ONLINE SHOPPE 7.SONY========THE PERFECT,SOPHISTICATED AND UNIQ BRAND
light weight mobile. Structure of the mobile is good. But it gets heat more if you connect to mobile data and GPS not works properly.
it was my first shopping from flipkart and I am delighted to have the mobile well early to the said delivery date..the item was in good condition and its been wonderful, looking forward with more business with flipcart..
excellent service.i got the phone within two days of order.the phone is just great.it's working fine and has awesome features.great price too. thank you flipkart.
1. 4 inch screen...very nice to hold and slim too. 2. Superb audio clarity....different options like Clear Audio, Xloud and all....the headfones bundled with this are decent enough...Also got a Sony Headfone as Offer!! 3. Subway surfer, Temple run runs without any lags. 4. Amazing call clarity!! 5. Notification light...Oh how much I do love you!
Flawless and lag-free user interface., Best in class.. Will 100% recommend this device! Great service by flipkart as usual!
As long as Sony is not ready to update it software for the xperia m i am not ready to buy this mobile, Hardware is good, but software outdated.
First of all Thank You Flipkart and Sony.Awesome Product From Sony.Awesome 5 MP Camera .The HD mode is awesome.Has all the Features of High end Phone.Phone Never Hangs. Touch Screen is Awesome.Packaging and Display is Amazing.Has all the Features of the Smartphones Which Comes Around 20K. Games Like Temple run 2 and Subway Surfers are running Smoothly.Only the Front Camera is Disappointing.Rest All Are Good! Viewing Angles are Okay. Finally A Paisa Wasool SmartPhone!!
Phone has very good features. Functionality is good. Gets heat sometimes aduring playing game. Battery life is satishfactory.
Awesome phone. Crisp display and works like a charm on 3G. Battery recharges in decent amount of time (around an hour to full recharge) and lasts for 2-3 days with routine usage. Sony gives lot off apps, which is pain to remove and blocks the memory.
Superb Functioning. Most appreciated about the size and slimness of the phone by friends and family. In all best Value for Money.
i switched from lumia 620 back in november because of its crazy limitations. this phone is very stable compare to nl620. multitask is very fast. does not slows down. only problem is i use vodafone network some times it does not connect to internet at all even after restarting also but i had no problem in nl620.head phone is good.
Hello people , My search ended with Xperia M . my requirements were fast phone ,budget friendly , compact and must b a new model :) everything is Best in this phone ... The only NOT so familiar feature is the BACK,HOME button is on the screen itself instead of the body..which makes it irritating while typing sms etc .. battery backup is very fair ..completely depends on user's usage .. i got it exchanged so got this phone for 8k and m a happy customer :)
Good phone but hangs a bit on playing games like subway surf. 5 mp camera takes decent pics in the daylight but not so good in dark places. Looks are great.
This is a good mobile in a low range This phone has a disadvantage of low phone memory.final result you can't play asphalt 8 and big games like nova 3 etc Advantage Games do not lag at all
Excellent service from Flipcart. Within the delivery schedule, it got delivered. The phone is very nice. I dont find any negative in Xperia M. It is very thin and easy to handle.
I owned Nokia N95 and used it for around 5 years. Last month I lost that phone and decided to buy a new phone. I read online reviews and bought Sony Xperia M. If I compare sound, music, camera of Xperia M with N95, it stands no where. I really did not like its plastic body. Display is ok but not good. Overall it is just an average phone. May be just good for its price.
fist i thanks to flipkart...,,, i got this phone with in 3 days from the ordered date and also very lowest price 11365/- compared to other online shopping,,, its good worth for this pric... Since it has 1GB RAM with graphics ,speed of operation doesn't changed even after installing more than 60 apps in my mobile.It was amazing one with in this price range.!!! imp features: 1GB RAM Graphic 305 16m colours 4.1 jelly been drawback: As given in specification internal memory 4 GB comprises of two parts. actual memory parts 3.2 GB only (1.2 gb for firmware upgradation in future+ 2 GB for your storage) note you cant use the 1.2 gb memory for your personal use.
buying this phone makes sense ,,,, a great phone no lags at all ,,,, and look was awesome.. ... but dual sim version will be much appreciated
sony xperia m is the best phone in this range compare to samsungs phones no lags never great internet speed oniy camera lag behind apart from this great phone to have with good quality
It it Great Phone. I enjoy Lot. Supplier is also Good, Delivery is Prompt and Parcle condition is also good.
Its a decent looking phone. Cameras aren't so bad. Battery is good so far but i don't trust battery life on Android phones.
This phone is very good option for experiencing all the high end phone features. Amazing experience.
It's a good product delivered in accurate time. I started using it. It's amazing. Very good product at such reasonable price. Sony's best entry level phone.
good one for the buy but still battery is depleting very fast when using wifi and games ! if given more stable battery it will be best.
The product is just awesome as usual from Sony, yes i have the craze of buying Sony products, and the services rendered by Flipkart is just out of the world.
Best buy with in the price group. The one disadvantage is the internal memory. Apart from that a excellent smart phone
Been using Xperia-M for sometime now and would recommend it. The phone touch is smooth and the usage is very good. It has a classy look and camera quality is not bad. My previous phone was a LG and moving to this one was one of my best decisions...
One of the better looking phones in this price range. Everything you look for in an Android. The display and screen features are amazing. Battery life and memory could be better. Great Service by Flipkart, as usual.
i had bought xperia zr ..30k.. but i managed to lose it... then obviously i had to settle down with this low budget phone xperia m..and after using it for 3 months i now feel why did i ever purchase zr.. 1> battery of m lasts for almost 2 days (i have minimum brightness and black backgound and dont keep apps running in background) whereas zr never lasted for more than a day despite the 2300mAh battery as compared to 1700mAh of m. Perhaps quad core drains more power than dual core and also 4.5 inch screen drains more power.. also naturally xperia m takes way less time to charge as to zr. 2> zr had a bug which got fixed with a factory reset which m didnt ever have... during phone calls i cudnt open the keypad. then why do i mention it when it got resolved anyways ...coz it scared the **** out of me when i first encountered this. 3>another bug of zr which never got fixed it .. zr kept vibrating (for another ring) even after i answered the call which was annoyingly audible to parties at either ends . m doesnt have it prblem 4> i got m in xchange offer giving away my old bb so it cost me 11.5 k which is way less than 29.5k i paid for zr. 5> m fits better in hand as its slimmer in the middle and its 4 inch which makes corners thumb-accessible con: ram u get is 800 mb.. which may be slightly less if u r a serious gamer. i aint.moreover by rooting u could extend ram (i havent done it yet) camera is NOT good. doesnt bother me much.
Just tried the OTG wire with 16GB USBstick and it works fine on Xperia M... Reading speed, copy paste, watching movies from pendrive..all works flawlessly... I keep all the movies in pendrive and watch them from pendtrive itself. No additional battery burning noted. Overall considers the memory card and USB stick as same. Need to see how big Harddisk like 500gb works...
When I ordered it I was not expecting what I got. First of all Xperia M is very sexy and it keeps blowing my mind away. At the price of 12,000 its the best of the lot.
After my research, I was not sure whether to go for Xperia M or Micromax A110q, but then based on one of my friend's advice and gut feel, I went with Xperia M and I am happy with it. Pros: 1) I have been using it since last 3 weeks and As per my usage and criteria, it's a perfect fit and battery lasts for 3 days (normal usage) and at max 26 hours(heavy usage). 2) 1 GB RAM is just fine, have not experienced any lags at all whatsoever. 3) Good call clarity. 4) Notification light Cons: - When I call, I fell vibration of ring at the back side of phone a lot. I dont know whether it's fine or not but I don't like it. Delivery was fast(3 days) and received it in a good condition.
Well...This phone has best feature... 1. Smooth interface 2. Camera quality is good. 3. Sound quality is also upto the mark. 4. looks also too good. 5. Battery life is also quite good. Happy with purchasing this product. Flipkart delievey and services are also good enough..No nedd of hesitating in purchasing this product between 10-15k price range
been using sola till now(dont like playing games or watching movies on phone ,got a nexus 7 for that),been good but use to hang and the battery drains like hell(1350mah non removable) wanted something which will easily fit in my pocket has a long battery which survives my day nd is android... and i was suprised how the phone lasted the 1st day... battery is good/...if you are not playing games but using it mostly for texting nd VOIP calling it should last for a day and that to on WIFI and no need to turn on any modes unless its req Qualcomm Snapdragon is good not as good as tegra but for 11 k this more than enough and mini apps is really useful.. multi-tasking is quite smooth camera not that ,if you want something amazing go for a lumia ,dont whine on something like this Google now experience is good
its again awsum flipkart proved it........the service quality and assurance for delivery is perfect...sony in the mid range with 1GB RAM is most remarkable here and the product is grt...
Everything a teenager needs on a day to day basis ............ Pros: Nice interface, Decent resolution, Good Looks and Android Power. Cons: A Very Bad Camera ....... Its a must have. And a great choice if you're on low budget ....
this mobile is awesome in looks and depicts the z series. the cam quality is not upto the mark. 15.1.c.2.8 update will slow slow the jelly bean and cam issues are not fixed. overall a decent mobile which comes with 1GB(804MB) RAM and internal 2.05Gb memory for use. battery life is good. touch sensitivity is awesome. front cam sucks. dont rely on that for video calling.
Awesome phone..Xperia M..looks nice Checked the phone..so far so good . Delivered within 3 working days.. Packing is good.
It's going to complete a month in a few days. So far my experience with this phone has been pretty good. Processing is fast as it has dual core 1 Ghz processor. 1 GB RAM is enough to play small and medium sized games. 5 MP Camera is superb with flash and front camera is also very good in daylight. In fact, it is performing more than my expectations. Phone is too slim as well. Screen size is not too large but 4 inch is not that bad and the picture quality is just awesome. Few tiny problems...internal memory is too low. It has only 2 GB and around 600 MB is required for OS and apps. But it can be solved with SD card. You can't play large games, but in this range you can play enough games. And yes, flipkart delivered the phone as they promised...:)
Great phone with 1GB ram it run HD games quite smooth no lags or hanging issue i have faced .. i m using this phone for last 4 month and itz worth for money now itz been 9month and i am using this phone upgraded to 4.3(jelly bean) still no lags no hanging issues .
I always thought sony mobiles have great camera but this device have just a crap camera. I have used more than 6 different branded android phones in this range and compared with them this mobile camera is worst. Daylight shots are still god but even in day, in room pics are just useless. I'll have to research more next time when I purchase another phone. Everything else seems working good, UI is good. Will update this review after using it for few more days.
This phone works for me as i have not been expecting much from my phone. Excellent camera, ok ok sound. And average performance on commaon games. Has not hanged yet. A little issue with mobile data connectivity I am facing not sure if all xperia m devices are facing this
Sony xperia M look style is very good but some problem is there in software installation and updated new thing. in system some issue is there.. otherwise product very nice and look.
using the xperia m is just as a smart phone should be,nothing special but the price point makes it apart from other mid range devices.Owning one just superb feeling,had used it for over 4 months ,but no complains just minor disappointment in memory factor,but could be solved if the device is root,i already played dead space hd on it and it runs like butter smooth with no lags and presently playing modern combat 4 its just a superb experience .1o1 its a asome phone only galaxy s4 can replace it according to me.
Ver good Phone for the cost, Good Audio clarity, which means good sound levels when talking on phone as well good music quality. Rear camera and video 5MP is good, however front camera is not that great, at night time inside living room the picture is very dark, but outside in day light or inside room where you have very bright light its very good Battery is very good, especially it has the stamina mode feature, with only talk usage and limited internet browsing lasts more than 2 days, and with video play and playing games last 1 day. There has been some software issue in my phone where the settings menu sometimes asks for password, but I think its overall xperia issue in all models and just needs a software upgrade to fix. Internal memory is low, so if you have to store lot of apps then not good, but I am not an app person so I find it goood, HAVE added a 4GB External SD card for videos and pictures\ Overall excellent phone for the price and has can recommend to buy this product. Last but not the least, Flipkart once again, has given a good product and timely shipping
Its good buy for the price. Display, performance is good. Flipkart delivery is also very good. I received it next day.
This phone is quite superb except the camera. But somebody plz tell me how to keep it in silent or vibrate mode ?
The phone is pretty impressive except a couple of things. First the battery backup is very poor, if you use any application, the battery seems to get exhausted very fast. Secondly, I am not sure whether it is my handset's problem or not, if I lie down and try to talk, the person on the other side is not able to hear it. If it is my handset's problem, I am worried, if not its okay.
This is indeed a good phone with reasonable specs at this price tag. But the power button on my phone is a bit to sensitive and does not click. Looks like a fault to me and I'm not sure if Sony Service center guys will be able to fix that. Moreover if I hand this new phone to them, definitely they will gift some free scratches. So I think I have to live with it and after 4-5 months may be I will contact them. But overall its a decent phone. One star less for that fault.
M - has all ingredients. But the display white is not pure white. But apart from that all others are bright and clear. Sound is quite ok. In headphones you can't hear the ringtone at all. Games - most of the games can be played. But Wifi signal issues there. Often drop in the signal. Calls are crystal clear and excellent. But your nokia basic sim can show one point signal but M no signal at all. Overall if you want branded experience you can, but if you spend 2000 more you can get xperial L which is far far better than this.
so i am using xperia m which is operated by android jelly bean,consist of ghz dual core processor,1 gb ram which gives a brilliant performance pros- 1. low price 2. great design,slim and a beauty specially black model 3.display is sharp and bright 4.nice performance 5.easily handled not like giant phones 6. camera is gooood 7. best in class cons-1. dual sim model have battery problem but single sim has having no problem 2.low lighting images are sometimes blur only if flash is off 3.very few covers are available conclusion- it is the best phone for gamer,normal user,movies lover. highly recommended by me
good perfomence good camera quality better battery backeup good sound quality nice touch super led flash 8mp primery camera
Beautiful Display, Theme set up is very bright, Camera is not so good, No Hang as samsung, led flash is very good, All over is good....
wonderful experience sony xperia mobile line is easy to comprehend & use all in all a great experience..... cheers ! ! !
Market price was from 12500 to 13000 in various stores like poorvika and sony world. Got it at 11219 from flipkart..came in 24 hrs and great service and great product from sony.
Awesome mobile. Worth every penny. Only problem i found was the size of the phone. When compared to other phones height of the mobile is a bit higher when compared to other mobiles with the same screen size. 1GB Ram, Nice Processor, Decent Width. Awesome Price. 2 Cameras front and Rear.
I bought this phone for my nephew. Delivery is amazing fast. Though I left the city and phone's performance is yet awaited
Hi friends, I bought this one in October and was sceptic about the purchase buying first time from Flipkart but I ended up making the right decision buying it from here @ 11.8k in 6 months EMI for Rs 300. It was cheaper than the price at the stores in Kolkata and its brand new and not a refurbished one. So, Guys don't think twice and go for it if the retailer is WS Retail. Its better than my previous Xperia Tipo handset.........@ Flipkart - Please bring back the EMI options that were available earlier as it makes the purchase easier for us. Thanks
I bought this phone on 2nd Oct,2013 from a local shop. I want to share my 3 months experience with that phone. Looks - 5/5 First of all this phone looks really cool.You will love it.Its 4 inch screen so its comfortable in hand. Power button is rightly placed and comfortable. Camera - 3/5 Camera quality is average. In low light its really not good. Front facing camera is ok. Music 4.5/5 Sony is good in this section. . Games - 4/5 I have not tried so much games but played Temple run 2 with out any lag. Battery - 3.5/5 If you are using it for internet, music (which I do ) then battery will last for 10hours. Thanks
One of the best Smartphone from Sony. As usual flipkart service is good. I am using this phone over a month. Till now i have not faced any issue. Must buy product.....
I bought this phone 1 month before.. Overall it is good. Pros: * Stylish look.. * No lag. performance is good Cons: * Camera is not much good * Gets heated while using WIFI / playing games * HD videos are not playing Other than that, everything is ok
Sony Xperia M... My darling....I love this soo much...Awsome phone... omly two slight drawbacks.. 1) Blue tint in the picture taken by the camera. 2) Battery is a bit down. But still gives best experience within this range....
when i purchased this mobile with in 25 days battery not working properly , after replaced this mobile by flipkart again have some mobile hang problem. its getting hang some time and required to restart. my suggestion better check properly when you are going to purchase this mobile. and internal memory have 4GB its very low for new android jellybean.
my phone stopped getting network coverage within 20 days of purchase. I checked the SIM in another handset and the SIM was working fine. The Sony Service station which the customer care guy told me about was just a collection center ( and was difficult to find). I've been told that I'll get my phone back in 6-7 working days. Also, Sony's support site is not very user friendly. There is no warranty check option (if you want to check whether the product has warranty in India or not) Really a bad experience. However, if this defect didn't occur the i would have rated the phone 4stars. Sony's UI is better than Samsung's. Camera is decent for the price range. The cell never hanged. But the internal memory available for user is just 2GB. Overall I'll suggest to buy a Samsung phone.
Very good phone but Camera is pathetic. Any photo you take from this phone it will have BLUE Ting added to it.
every thing fine, but camera could be better, rest every things are fine loud volume, good battery life, cool looks
Bought this phone from Flipkart a week ago. Good service from Flipkart... on time Dilivery . :) This phone is like a tiny power beast and the purple color is a beauty. Phone is running buttery smooth and lag free. I'll give Sony a double thumbs up for this piece of craft. Few point: 1. Display is quiet crisp and clear, very good for watching videos and browsing. surely not enough for 1080p and 400+ ppi freaks... even outdoor visibility and viewing angles are also reasonably enough. 2. I loved the sound. I own Xperia Ray and Xperia S and I found the sound comparatively better on this piece. 3. Battery is good enough for carry you through a day of moderate uses. My moderate use is : 40-60 min talk time 2+ hours music 2 hours browsing on an avg. with some YouTube 20 - 30 min games and it lasted me like 11 hours.
Overall nice phone... It looks great, i wanted it for my dad. he is very happy with the performance of this device.. battery life is best almost 1 day with excess use. i love the Sony UI.
Well the touch is very good,camera is average , things have been very fast till now,but the major drawback is that there is only 2gb available plus you cannot move apps to sd card. Networking is great! I think its better than galaxy core.Another drawback is that i did not like the main menu. so LOOKS-8/10 HANDLING-10/10 CAMERA-4/10 SPEED-8/10 BATTERY-9/10 NETWORKING-9/10 SOUND AND MUSIC-10/10 It is indeed a great phone according to me If you want comparatively smaller or higher brand phone go for this. Well if you disregard big size and support, Micromax phones are better by features. BUT I AM JUST LOVING THIS
Great design,great battery back up,awesome sound quality both on speaker & headset (provided headset is very average, u should hear the sound using a good pair of neodymium air buds) , good build quality as par budget. camera is not great but it can shoot some good quality image in daylight. overall my advice to everybody to switch to Sony from Samsung Galaxy series. in case of software features Samsung is way ahead to sony (like good codec support in video player, sony doesnt have good codec out of the box .. ). but case of build quality & design, samsung sucks all time because of its same design & crappy material.
Pros:Brand value Nice built quality Nice display Good processing speed best in its class and a must buy phone, sony has done a really good job. Cons:Battery backup
good phone value for money. i have 3 M phones 1 purchased at sangeetha thats dual sim and 2 purple colord single sim frm fpk. 1 for wife an she lkd a lot and one more for her sister after she seen my wifes fone...
good phone value for money. i have 3 M phones 1 purchased at sangeetha thats dual sim and 2 purple colord single sim frm fpk. 1 for wife an she lkd a lot and one more for her sister after she seen my wifes fone...
Ordered this device solely on the basis of the features bundled for the price, and it has not let me down. I would recommend this to anyone with a short budget with the basic features of course. Only cons are the screen display in sunlight as well as the Camera in low light. But other than that the rest is perfect for the price. Amazing sound, good UI interface and the touch screen is good as well..
this smart phone will give opportunity to everyone for using android application in low cost smart phone this phone have all the feature which exist in high range smart phone. so according to my opinion this phone will capture the market of India in smartphone because india have more population in average family of middle class family so this phone is in the range of average user in indian users
Its my first Android Smartphone. I had shortlisted Lenovo A516, Xolo A600, was planing to buy Lenovo A516, Sony Xperia M want in my list as it was Rs.13K so avoided; but during GOSF Flipkart had sony Xperia priced Rs.Rs. 11279 and In no minutes without thinkin much I made the deal with 8GB Sandisk memory card along. Though Lenovo had 4.5inch screen and huge battery, I made choice of sony for Qualcomm S4 Dual core processor and 1GB ram (as ram matters lot). It was a tough decision but looking at the price tag from flipkart for sony Xperia M for Rs. 11279 it was a real big deal for my saving. Nothing comes nearby Sony Xperia M :- NFC + 1GB Ram + 1Ghz Qualcomm S4 Dual Core + Adreno 305 + 4inch super crisp Screen + Wi-Fi Direct + Sony Updates + 3G + Bluetooth 4.0 + crystal clear call + Sony Branding Apps and lots lots many more best features at this price tag even though it Rs.13K. Only con is its battery backup but using sony stamina mode app you can use ur battery whole day. Sony must had given 2000mAh battery. Screen is lot bright and one can easily use in bright sunlight just make the display to full brightness. I m not a gamer as playing games on phone is not my choice, but much loved playing angry birds as this slick got nice crystal sound; even walkman app is great. SenseMe app of sony makes album viewing a best experince with nice led blinking at bottom. We can customise it too as per our needs while getting calls, sms etc. Lock screen is nice and easy. Its WiFi connectivity is lot great and can catch even weak signal too. I dont have Wi-Fi dsl router but use my laptop as Wi-Fi hotspot for my broadband connection. Sony works like butter performance on that signal. No lag at all. Not sure about playing Q-HD movies (720p) as I hate small screen viewing. Camera is great in daylight. but poor quality in bad light or inside room. Dont accept lot from camera during nite snaps taking. It has lot of settings to do one can surely make adjustment and take nice snaps even during nite time as it has got huge bright LED Flash. HDR snaps can also be took from this one. DLNA, Wi-Fi Direct, NFC, Sony Smart Connect & Sony Link are one of the premeuim features we get. For Rs. 11279 for Purple color I surely got a big big deal. Flipkart service is real prompt and I m really a proud customer of them. Packaging was above average and acceptable; even delivery was on said day. Dont think much if u want Sony Xperia M. There are lot of reviews on net about this phone, Just think at this price what you get. One can wait for Moto G to compare with this rock solid. Sony is the brand name of reliabiltiy
the processing power of the s4 krait processor is remarkably noticeable, and it can handle any games thrown at it. I tried the riptide 2 which the phone handled exceptionally well. the camera is good if the objects are still, and it has hiccups to capture moving targets. the only con that i would point out is that the internal memory is 4gb of which 1.5 gb is usable. and jb 4.1.2 dont allow the apps to be moved unless rooted. This could pose a problem if you are into games amounting 2gigs and more. for the price i aint complaining any at all. The phone has a well designed body, which presents it with a premium finish.
dear XPERIA m users, please go musthaveappsxperiam.blogspot.com to find out which apps are best for your mobile.The blog is written specifically for Xperia users and based on 5 month experience of many XPERIA m users. I've a xperia m and nearly tested all top grossing listed apps,games in play store and internet.This blog helps u to make u'r phone smartest.
Hi Guys, I bought it the time it got launched. I carefully examined all the features as it was just a new release ans when I was going through the specifications It was just awesome and when I looked at the Price It shocked me as I was expecting it to be more than 15k with its overall features and got it just for 11800. Hats off to flipkart for their services.. The only online store where it is so easy to check out any product and take your decision instantly as per your pocket. Thanks,
Thank you Flipkart to deliver the product with 2 working days. Over all Sony xperia M is a good to choose with in 12-13K!!! Battery backup and camera quality is not up to that
This was my first smart phone & good to start with this product as navigation is easy but quality is best.
nice phone, i am a fan of sony. they made wounder full mobile with cost effective. i suugest you to buy this product from sony
My 2 days use of this sony xperia is good. The screen is good. Touch sensitivity is as it should be. Features are much more than needed. This is a overall good phone. You will not regret buying this phone ever. This only disadvantage is poor battery life even in stamina mode. I expected more battery life from this japanese giant. Of course everything is okay to the mark except the battery.
Its been 3 days using this phone, battery life is good. Good sound and clear display. Excellent Finish, Quality, Look & Sleek design. Has got all the features of a Samsung Series Plus Sony special features of Camera and Audio Quality.
for this budget, the best phone you can get. Look great, feels even better, works awesome. VFM device.
Hi, i got this Sony Xperia M - Black single Sim from Flipkart. here are few Pros and Crons--- Pros - 1 . fastest Delevery from Flipkart within 2 working Days 2. nice Phone with Sleek design 3. Attractive Phone Crons -- 1. Camera quality not so good. specially in Night Mode. 1. Battery is also not so good as it thought, finally good phone in range of 12-13 K
It is really a good phone at this price. The specs are really comparable with any phone at 20k-30k. It is really a smart buy. Guys go for it..
Perfect in style, Comfort and performance. But sometime gets shutdown unconditionally. During a call, if i switch ON loud speaker and OFF, then calls gets terminated.
Sony xperia m is very user friendly smartphone. Just doing perfect for me. It has good battery back up. Games are doing very fast with dual core processor. Apps are smooth. Display screen is brilliant.
Not good as i was thinking ,lags a lot while multitasking ,gaming is not good at all and more over battery drains out quickly
I'M HAPPY WITH THE PURCHASE AND THE PHONE IS A WONDER IN THIS PRICE, AND HAD MOST FEATURES . I'M HAPPY :)
When i decided to buy a phone i had two choices for my budget, Samsung Galaxy Core and Sony Xperia M, of course i chose to avoid micromax, karbon similar brands and windows phones for personal reasons. The toughest decision was to chose between core and m. I have my own reasons to chose M. M good looking, faster, have better sound & design quality and i like timescape than touchwiz.. I was worried about the battery performance, but the power management mode by sony is simply stunning, with normal usage the battery could stand for 1.5 - 2 days !! of course there are cons, display quality is average, indoor photos in low light conditions are horrible, internal memory is limited. But considering the price and other features offers by this phone these cons are not much of a problem for me.. Anyway these are my personal interest anyone looking forward to buy a phone of this price range, should consider core also, and choose accordingly.
superb phone wid lots nd lots of features which works smoothly in dis range.... only camera cud be a liitle bit more better bt in full light conditn it aslo steals the show guyzz... so you may surely go for it guyzz if u r thnking to buy this phone..... nd thnx to ws retail for there superb servce...!!!!!
iam using xperia m more than a month i bought it from flip kart only 11900 very low cost superb phone with a excellent features like camera, processor,sound etc.. no lag in any applications and games only one problem is the battery backup .hardly 1 day u can assure.when ever u switch off the screen then the battery backup become more. this is the best ever phone in this range
Hi friends, Got this mobile few days back from flipkart back then it was 12500 but i dont regret buying it. Kudos to Flipkart for the fast and safe delivery ! The mobile looks great and the performance is awesome. Touch is very smooth photo and video quality is good. Voice clarity is great. It is slim and handy. Games like temple run also compatible in this. If you are looking out for a good branded android phone, my verdict is to go for it ! cheers!!!
very satisfied you get everything that you can possibly ask for at this price pros: fast n responsive, screen size optimum, good video quality, gaming is also smooth, light notification, good sound from walkman, decent camera, secondary as well for skype calls cons: screen clarity is crap compared to nokia in outdoors battery could have better, it just about lasts 1 day with only basic usage(but stamina mode can double that) app space limited by internal mem, cant transfer to sd card without rooting
Review on 5th April 2015 (after using 18 months): 1)Phone was heating a lot while playing music and using mobile data simultaneously. 2)Battery drainage was another issue. 3)Later on ,phone was not able to take charge and then it completely collapsed,Now it can be used as paper weight only.I have visited a service center ,They told me that there has been some issues with circuit I need to replace it and since I am not in warranty I need to pay around 5K.So I dropped the plan of servicing my phone.I did some surfing on internet and I have seen lots of Xperia M users are facing the same problem.I bought this phone in 12K and after 1 year it is of no use.
color and design is awesome! good performance with controller, memory and Jelly bean OS. light weight :) comfortable size to handle and finger access. clarity is very good in display, 5mp camera and video battery life comes for 1 day, 30min call, 2hrs movie, over all its ok but not bad. full metallic body and getting little heat on top back portion. over all we can buy
Ok so this is my review after using this phone (black) for almost 2 months.Its a great phone and truly best buy in this range but with a few cons to look upon. PROS ==== 1.Screeen: Screen is a 4' Hi-quality display with really sharp texture and resolution and makes the phone luk vry vlassy and smooth. Touch is fantastic and HD is really awesome.But a slight part of the screen is occupied by touch buttons for BACK and others (4.5/5) 2.Performance: Its packed with 1 GB RAM which makes it run a mile and i haven't noticed a slightest lag anywhere. Played Dead Space,Dead Trigger with true gameplay experience. The phone heats little compared to others of this config (5/5) 3.Sound : As Expected by a Sony phone, sound is loud and very clear both in speakers/headpiece.Some might complain of volume but i don't (5/5) 4.Quality: The manufacture quality goes by the brand and the phone looks very classy especially he back panel. Its handy and easily fits anywhere.Build quality is just superb and i really flaunt my phone, especially for girls ;) 5. Gaming: All the games run fantastic, given the restricted internal memory.Subway surfers,TR2,candy Crush, Dead Trigger, Dead Space all run fine (4/5) CONS ===== 1.Memory : The major con is the memory restrictions.It packs 4 GB of space in cards but actually you get around 2.05 GB and the worst thing is you cannot install, move any app to External memory.Even the cache is stored in Internal.So you will run out of memeory with many apps and cannot play games like Dark Knight without rooting 2.Camera: camera is 5 MP which is really decent in day but its very grainy and bad in night.Also the flash is very bright so you will get Red eyes in pics, bright face and everything goes black if you look at flsh for few moment So overall its a best buy in this range and you can really cope up with two flaws, one of which is really curable by rooting.I recommend everyone in this range and my 2 friends already have got the same phone following me I
To all the newbies and fellow shoppers don't go with the reviews that aren't posted by certified buyers.whether you are Purchasing a phone or any other gadget just do your own research over net,practically take help of your buddies, learn from your past purchases and Go with the reviews which are usually posted by the certified buyers who originally buys from flipkart. some people normally face a problem even with a Good quality phone from a reputed brand. But often it might be a manufacturing defect ,consider your self a bit unlucky rather lashing out on the phone or service of any reputed online shop. I don't own this smartphone but i have plans to purchase one in few days.Specification of this phone are damn good including the build quality as per my experience . My cousin own this Smartphone and some of my friends as well. Both Sony xperia M and L are quite similar except the Camera.
Again thanks Flipkart. Very fast delivery. Awesome device. I was looking for such a device. It is my second best device after Sony Ericsson W995.
From the look of it. It is am awsome mobile. Graphics are outstanding and display is good. Value for money.
Going by the brand name it may seem it has the best specs with a brand value at such a low price.But think over once again and wait for moto g. Bought this from flipkart. Camera is worse than a 2 mp snapper. Even subway surfers lags after 2 mins of gameplay with the increasing frame rate. very cheap plastic used and batter cover removes just by a easy snap . Plz dont go by the video reviews .they never do the gaming review after increased frame rate. got duped after seeing it. Phone's heat percolates through a good quality thick plastic case and heat can be felt while playing games Wait for moto g or some better phone or shell 3-4 k more and go for a better phone instead
This is the best phone that anyone can buy for that price range I got it for rs.12152 Appearance---> looks premium, far better than samsung crab design performance-->snapdragon s4 pro processor with 28nm architecture dual core 1ghz with 1 Gb ram..... Adreno 305 graphics--> excellent graphics. s4 mini (rs 22500) and htc one mini (rs 35000) have the same graphics GPU Its a beast for that price Its performance benchmark lies in between samsung galaxy s2 and s3 Dispaly--> could be better, but manageable camera--> could be better, hope it will be better by the future firmware updates battery--> good.. for me its getting around 2 days & 1 night with stamina mode ON earlier i used HTC desire HD, and i got less that 10 hours daytime my rating performance 6/5 its soo powerfull, so 1 extra bonus point display 3.5/5 camera 3.5/5 battery 5/5 overall 4.5/5
its a very good mobile.it is an amazing phone and a good brand. i like this because it has good touch screen and a goood android version. i recomand people to try this mobile because it a very good device. thank you sony for making such a good mobile...........
Its a good phone in the given range. The performance and battery are good. One thing which it lacked was the storage space. 2GB of storage is good but not enough. this is a good phone if you dont use lots of app.
Nice phone in the price range. It has got good memory management and the small apps are too good..!! Light in weight, sleek in handling.
the phone is very light and handy have good screen resolution and Camera in its range.....but has less internal memory and have heating and less battery backup problem with games...
This set is just a value for money buy. It is elegant,fast,lag free and sufficient to meet all your day to day needs be it playing games or viewing 720p videos or apps this xperia stands on top. Multi tasking is fun and lucid....and the notifications lights r impressive. Battery back up is also good due to the feature "stamina mode" The only noticeable con is the 5mpx camera which is not competent with the other similar ranged phones(e.g. Galaxy S duos is better) but works well in sufficient lighting conditions. Overall i THINK tis is the best u can get widin 13k
I brought this mobile for my Mom and i say! its pretty good For 12k.....clear display and 1GHz Processor 1GB RAM A cool Mid range Mobile........ with adreno 305 Graphics Go with it!
I got this phone a couple of days ago not from flipkart for 13500.Good price at flipkart to say the least. Based on my usage i will share a few points : 1. LOOKS : ULTIMATE... trust me. Unparalled to anything i have ever seen. I got the violet color model. Stunningly sleek, light weight. Fits into pocket, hand everywhere. THE BEST 2. DISPLAY : Its not AMOLED , SUPER AMOLED or a HD screeen, but does the job very well !! Its display looks more sharper , clearer than its succesor xperia L. It sure is a bang for the money. Neat is the word. Does not play full HD, even i dont expect it to play one. 3. CAMERA : They say its 5MP. But , a lot better than that. Takes better pictures than xperia L, but, obviously the pictures get pixellated when zoomed. Expected. But, a very good camera compared to even NOKIA Lumia's. Front VGA is average. Video recording not Full HD, does 720 p shooting seamlessly. 4. PERFORMANCE : Killer. NO LAGS WHATSOEVER. Smooth as butter, mainly bcos of Snapdragon s4 plus processor and 1gb RAM and ADRENO 305 GPU. Dont go for any product of samsung below 20k, all the phones use MediaTEK processors, which are not worth the high price tag.And 1GB RAM is a must in Droids these days. This is way better than most others phones like GRAND , QUATTRO and others. Internal memory is 4GB , usable is 2.05 GB, which is good enough for some decent amount of apps, storage etc. If u wanna play HD Games, go for Xpria L , 8 gb Internal is wat you get there. Overall, the best performer in the 10-20k range segment(I MEAN XPERIA L,M AND C) 5. Battery : Average. It just lasted for 16 hours of normal usage for me. These days most phones last only that much. Comparing others, This is better. 6. UI : Sony's UI is good actually after coming from Sansung's TouchWIZ. Lots of customization options available. Good number of widgets. 7. NOTIFICATION LED'S : These are only a feature of Sony .. Something they can only do it !!! ITS MY LOVE in this phone !!! You can choose your led color for different events and it changes according to theme ... WOW ! 8. For Gamers : It plays all the hd games, like a piece of CAKE. Will post an updated review after few months of usage ! VERDICT : 4.5/5 ... Just BUY , U L KNOW Y !
its very dashing looks and features are just awesome... 1ghz dual processor. 1gb ram, 4'' screen,720p recording.17mah battery just wow mobile
Good quality product range of 13k awesome features & i like most touch 4 inch size which makes easy to fit in hand
Good quality product in range of 15k awsme features good camera qlty & i like most it's touch 4 inchh size which makes easy to fit in pocket
i hve been using this device since a while now and i must say for the price it is being offered it delivers wat its specification promise ....! as i being a normal user not a heavy one m pretty much satisfied ,for me casual gaming ,web surfing etc are flawless in this device even my xperia m started recieving updates from sony !! outdoor visibility is awesum the light sensor does it job pretty well battery is good wen we use the power management option eitherwise it last a complete day !! light effects are great i love sony devices for dis :) last but not the least design is wat m in love wid perfectly fits in hand and in pockets i recommend dis fone :)
its a good mobile but it is hanging in playing games even when u play subway surfer when u r listening music. lags many a time. 3G is awesome. when battery is low it hangs. home screen modified after update to 15.1.c.2.8
Flipkart is best in product delivery.Received my phone in 3 days. Best phone at 12k. I am using it for the past 3 months and i haven't faced any problem till now. Don't expect much from camera its pretty ok only.Other than camera this is the best phone at this range. No second thought go for it people. Cheers.
It's always better to review a product you have personally experienced. go for the pansonic for more offers and discount.
Guys i was waiting for this phone to get launched for acquiring this beauty...its been few months now....i did a through research & could not find a better feature packed phone at 12k...This is currently the dark horse for Sony at a under 15k price category market....Iam happy with the product in terms of its performance...special kudos to Flipkart...got the delivery of the product next day itself...go for it blindly guys...u will never regret it & hey thanx for the free buletooth & powerbank !!
A worth buy product for this range. I'm quite happy with its overall performance. Only thing battery backup is bit low compared to other mid-range handsets. I was owning Xperia mini pro since 4 years and was with very poor battery backup, expected from Sony a better battery backup. I'm rating 4 only for battery backup otherwise it would be 5. Flipkart delivered me on next day in-spite I ordered on Sunday.!! Kudos to Flipkart.
after buying this phone i was little excited about its performance..and it amazed me now i can multitask without any lag or whatsoever.. i have used this product over a month now and not faced a single problem thanks SONY for this Nice product.. better then Samsung and other phones at this price tag Happy buying...
she loved the purple colour..... camera captures a lil dark images....focus not good... build is awesome..... (y) happy with the purchase though.....nice phone
I was confused between LUMIA 625 and Xperia M but I'm glad I made a decision to go with Xperia M not because I have anything against Windows OS like majority of people have. But if you look at Xperia M as a whole package "IT IS TOTALLY WORTH THE PRICE" Display: Ok, now I'm coming from an AMOLED display so obviously display didn't impressed me much. But, given the price tag it's display is crisp and colours are pretty good. Sunlight visibility is poor as expected but that's not a big issue. Yes viewing angles are not impressive but that's ok we are not going to view it from angles. In fact i prefer poor viewing angles as people sitting next to you wont be able to see if your typing a message hence privacy. 4 inch display is ENOUGH!! Comeon its a phone!! If you wan't a big screen buy a tab or laptop! Sound: Sony really impressed me with the sound quality, clarity and loudness. It has a very clear and crisp sound so lyrics are properly heard. The built in walkman offers many good features as Sony always does. Audio volume impressed me. I never miss a call even when i'm in traffic. Can easily hear the calls even with a helmet on. Build: Definitely not feels like a cheap phone, infact when you hold it feels like you're holding a premium phone and not an entry level phone. Unlike Samsung that has cheap plastic the feels solid and sturdy. LED light for notification is something that I love. Performance: It comes with 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 dual core processor with 1 GB of RAM at such a price that too with a Sony brand. What more you can expect!! Easily outperforms Samsung grand duos which is clocked at 1.2 Ghz as it has a cheaper Cortex Processor. 1 GB RAM does a great job in multitasking. Lag is minimal (Every android phone lags whether it's a quad core) and it runs like butter most of the time. I've not tested games so far so can't comment on it. I've loaded around 20 apps so far and performance is top notch!! Storage: This is a drawback! 4GB storage with only around 1.5 is available so that means you can't install HD games if you love playing games. There is a workaround for this and that is you have to root you phone but that voids your warranty. 1.5 GB is enough for installing apps. Camera: Camera is not that good on this phone. With the absence of Exmor pics in low light are noisy and dark. Sony have introduced HDR mode to make up for this which does a pretty decent job to light up the pic in poor lighting conditions. To make the most out of the camera you gotta play around with the settings a lot otherwise you'll be left disappointed. front camera is ok as it is just used for video calls. Outdoor pics are decent enough. Video although it record 720 P but doesn't feel like 720 P quality. But the audio quality while recording is very good. Given the price tag you can't expect much from the camera keeping in mind the other specs. Battery: With medium to heavy usage it easily lasts me a good 16 hours which is more than enough!!! My maximum screen on time has been 4h 50 mins with 2g on all the time and 52 mins of call. Now that's awesome battery life!! If you're looking for a phone withing 15k budget you won't regret buying it and BTW I love sony launcher. It's different from boring looking Samsung.
I have used xperia m for 2and half months it is really a very good phone. the phone has excellent features in such a price range no mobile companies gives NFC and DLNA at this price.camera of the phone is nice(some minor change needed that shold be solved by sony updates for camera),the phone plays hd videos and playing games are lag free, go for this phone blindly.
i bougt it and use after 3 days a superb android device in this price point of view gr8 buy close u r eye n just buy i suggest to sony plz increase his price to 16000 gr8 gr8 n gr8 superb phone
I had been using a Symbian business phone E6 for little over an year and wanted to switch to a different platform, and wasn't certain which. I decided to start with Android, and get a budget phone to get the taste of it. Xperia M striked me as the perfect choice. I have been using it since past 4 days and so far I am amazed with its performance. Pros: Fast and smooth - The RAM and the dual core processor gives all the required juice to keep the device running smooth and lag free.Touch is sensitive and apps run without any crash or lag. Beautiful piece of work - the slim body, light weight thanks to plastic - but durable; gives Xperia M a beautiful look. The size is perfect- not too small nor too big. But the phone lacks a good grip, which can be easily corrected using a good case. I ordered a Nilkin, and its sexy! Cool features - Like NFC for pairing and data transfer. LED notification light comes in handy too - we can assign a different color to each kind of alert - whatsapp, sms, email, missed call etc. The Sony Xperia Skin is also very beautiful and comes in handy with a lot of features. Battery life is decent. Been giving me about 14-15 hrs backup and I have been using it a lot since its a new phone! The limitations (wont call them cons :P ) TFT screen - indoors it looks fine. But it isn't properly visible outdoors. Also, poor viewing angles. But for this price, I would say its a manageable compromise. Keypad - The default Sony keypad isn't quite good, and I kept on hitting the wrong keys. But this can easily be corrected by downloading a different keypad off Google Play. SwiftKey suited me. Camera - The primary camera shoots decent pictures outdoors, though noise is visible in the shots. But indoor shots with flash are poor, and photos come white and colors are bad. Yet again, I would say a big drawback for people looking for a good camera; but just a limitation for rest of us. In my opinion, Xperia M is a powerful performer for its class, ideal for budget conscious users. But keep in mind the limitations to avoid any disappointment. Personally, I am at peace with this phone :)
First of all, I received the phone 2 days late. So Flipkart .... Ahemm ! About the phone. Looks - This is the phone's USP. Matte finish at the back, light weight and perfectly fits in your palm. The entire Xperia series carries this look upto Z1 !! Camera/Media - The pictures are better than average under sunlight. After sunset the results are not that good despite the built in flash. The music is good courtesy 'Walkman'. Battery - The phone last an entire day with average usage. Connectivity - This baby carries all, including NFC. Price - Now here's the deal. You will get this phone a bit cheaper in other websites. I cashed in on the diwali offer. The phone was priced at 12499 with 15% cash back. Plus the goodies included a travel charger and a bluetooth headset. Nice eh! My recommendation - Go for this if this is your budget and Android is your choice ! Cheers !
i bought this product in flipkart...its really amazing using sony.. -Thinner than expected and feels good in hands -Light weight -Highly responsive touch. -Supports many apps -Sony Jive lets you download many songs and Sony Movies let u watch and download many movies. -NFC, where u can allow data exchange when the phone touches another device. so i definitely suggest u to buy dis product if ua range is around 15k :) :)
Guys this phn is totally worth the price.i was so much busy with the phn that i forgot to write the review.this phn outperform at this price.no lags, very smooth interface.camera is not also bad.the most important thing abt this phn which i noticed is batter backup/.it has got a good battery backup .i mean i play games, browse internet,listen songs.still the battery doesn't discharge that much..really a good phn.my money hasnt gone wasted.
i got sealed product but only complaint about this product is... camera shortcut key lying on right side of phone. we have to press it several times hard so that we can get application on.
One month beffore i bought Sony Experia M from a local dealer. it is a smart looking phone and working nicely so far. except some few problems its a nice budgeted and branded phone. 1. Internal Memmory 2. difficulty to get Back Cover ( Local dealers are not providing. I bought the same from Flipkart with an expense of Rs. 500/--
THE PHONE IS AWESOME BUT SONY NOT ABLE TO SOLVE CAMERA AND DISPLAY ISSUE THE ONLY BUT BIGGEST PROBLEM EXCESSIVE BLUISH COLOUR ON SCREEN YOU NOT ABLE TO ENJOY MOVIES AND PHOTOS SO Before buying this phone atleast compare video and phot playback with other
When I purchased this phone everyone shouted at me that why you purchased Sony instead of Samsung and I was a bit scared after hearing all this but now after having this phone I am satisfied that all were misleading me my decision was not bad got a good phone at my budget. Love u Sony for making such a good phone at this budget thanks a lot..........
Its a good phone. I did good research before buying it. Am personally using a nexus. Only thing that needs to be taken care of is that, when connected to router, and if your router happens to be old, other devices that connect to router will be pulled off. a firmware update to router or a custom firmware should solve the issue. @Flipkart....as always awesome service.
Even d most expensive models of Apple, Samsung, Nokia, HTC, etc will have some features not so great .... so, what we are actually looking for is THE best phone, not a perfect phone. So if ur budget is INR 10,000 - 15,000.....Sony Xperia M is THE Phone. Have done a thorough comparison between in range machines of samsung, LG, HTC, Micromax, Xolo and Nokia....Xperia M is d device.... Nokia lumia 520 is equally gud but i m n android person.... so here r my top 3 recommendations 1. Number one is Sony Xperia M 2. Lumia 520 3. LG Optimus L5 ll E450
sony xperia M is excellent phone. i m using this phone. i m really love this phone. battery back up is v v v vgood. one minus thing is only that it hasn't link of video calling.
The phone within its price range is very good! Although the internal memory is lower, the phone doesn't lag, given that its not loaded with heavy Apps. The phone comes bundled with a lot of unwanted applications which can be uninstalled. A good buy for an Average user and not a hard-code gamer. The quality of the physical body is also nice. The sound quality and the headphones bundled are very good. The freebie, Maxx Power bank is very bad. I got it replaced, but even that isn't good. Overall, A Value for money product.
Xperia M - the new Sony smartphone with one-touch functions. Best phone but a bit low screen quality and also camera, HDR is also very bad in this phone. so overall a good phone in the range of 12-13k.
GUD BATTERY BACK UP,1GB RAM IS WONT GET IN THIZ PRICE,LUKS VERY BEAUTIFUL....OVERALL NICE EXPERIENCE..
Awesome product for price 12.5 Pros:- 1. Handling, very light weight 2. Fast and furious with a dual core and GPU 3. Battery life 4. Gaming 5. Sound very loud when compare to other android phones 6. Fits beautifully in pocket 7. Plays all the HD, a bit lag in 1080p although it plays :) Cons:- 1. Heats up a bit on more use 2. camera looks ordinary 3. Internal memory 4GB (in use 2.3 for users) but u can extend upto 32GB and u can move the games in the external and play all 3D and HD games using GLtoSD app superb app but first u have to root ur phone with frameroot software 4. Nothing else :) OVERALL AWESOME MID-RANGE PHONE JUST DON'T THINK A SEC BUY IT :-)
I got gud deal from flipkart.. I got it at Rs 12499 with Power bank and Bluetooth headset. Best part is as usual next day delivery by Flipkart.. Pros: 1 Value for money handset 2. Much Better Than Galaxy Core.. 3. No lag at All( thnx to Dual core) 4. Lightweight with gud battery backup (in built stamina mode) 5. Touch control is excellent. 6. Inbuilt video player is capable of playing multiple formats. Cons: 1. Camera quality is nt of that level, there is sm issue with auto focus. 2. No 3G video calling like samsung. 3. UI need slight improvement. 4.I didn't Find the driving mode option (it might be there smwhere). Initially I found it a gr8 budget handset, a true value for money. After couple of month I might be able to give more Pros n cons abt this handset.
It is good looking and best performer of that range . much better than galaxy core . Only cons is the lower amount of internal memory .
i would like to thank all previous reviewers who personally used this handset and wrote every small thing about it that helped me a lot in buying this beauty
first of all, i would like to thank all previous reviewers who personally used this handset and wrote every small thing about it that helped me a lot in buying this beauty, to gift it to my fiance and "f-off" all those who just copy paste bad things about it. I saw maximum people here cursing it for having average camera but its not that bad either, yes, it is not excellent but it is good and if not compared with lumia's( I personally own Nokia lumia 800 and its camera is of carl-zeiss), xperia-m is way better than samsung's n others. the specifications it has and in this price, r u expecting it to have bravia eng. and camera like lumias..?? In 12k-13k....its THE BEST and THE BEAST...!!! One more thing, i got it in 11800 on 1st oct...what else i can get it from this..!!! extremely happy n satisfied with this handset
good phone with good display and camera but it gets heated up and apps not transferable to sd card directly...but overall good one
Ordered this phone and received within next 36 hours. Packaging was good and everything was alright. Now about phone - 1. No problem till now (4 days of use) 2. Doesn't lag 3. No restart issues 4. Battery is average so lasts for one day for average user 5. Gaming performance is good 6. Haven't used camera much so can't tell anything about it. GO FOR XPERIA M if you want to buy phone within the budget of 12k - 13k
Mobile s good worth for 12499 ....filpkart delvrd on 2nd day itself.... demerits ; mini sim merits;battery backup. speed,camera,games also....if u buy this mobile bcoz it reached well so no worries abt spares...flip pouch,screen gaurd,silicon pouch etc....
This is very good phone at this price range. Its display is even better then xperia l. It gives almost all features of this category. comparison LOOKS AND DESIGN FETCHES FULL MARKS LOOKS MORE PREMIUM THEN XOLO PLAY AND ASCEND PAD P1. CAMERA HERE ASCEND PAD P1 TAKES THE LEAD. ITS CAMERA IS AVERAGE NOT GOOD IN LOW LIGHT PROCESSOR HERE AGAIN XPERIA M TAKES THE LEAD SNAPDRAGON S4 IS THE BEST. SCREEN CLEARLY XOLO PLAY WINS WITH 720P RESOLUTION USER INTERFACE IT GOES IN THE COLUMN OF XPERIA M. GOOD UI INTERNAL STORAGE HERE XPERIA M IS DISAPPOINTING ONLY 2 GB FOR APPS BATTERY LIFE IS GOOD, SUPPORTS FOR A DAY WITH HEAVY USAGE OVERALL GOOD PHONE. IF YOU ARE LOOKING A PHONE WITH GOOD BRAND VALUE IN THIS CATEGORY THEN SONY XPERIA M IS THE BEST YOU CAN GO FOR IT W/O HESITATING .........
This is my first smart phone..just loving it. Performance is excellent ..Battery backup , Camera , music is really good. Only the front camera is 0.3 its ..little disappointed with this. Overall it is smarter than samsung.. Just go for it.
I am in love with my new sony xperia m mobile and got it at rs 10,625 only with free headset and usb charger as gift on diwaali cyber sale.
This is the good for budget User. because is has many specification like 1 ghz professor 1gb ram and 4 inch display so i give 5 rating to this mobile
xperia M is just awsome.Flipkart is the best online shopping portal.Thank you Flipkart.com.Happy with the product.
This phone is the best phone that i have seen in the 10000-15000 price range. The touch is superb and the graphics card helps a lot!! The interface is user friendly and the camera is good enough. The stamina mode also helps loads! The only con that i could find is that the phone heats up a bit after using it for half an hour or more. That and you cant move apps to the SD card. The 2 GB internal memory is just not enough for all of the apps!! That was a stupid move by Sony. All in all, it is completely worth the money and the best phone for the price!!
SURELY A PICK.... i just loved it......... Benchmark score is awesome.... antutu11745 quadrant4411 nenamark64.4fps 4' TFT screen with superb touch response 1 gb ram out of which only 800 mb is managable rest for android 4 gb internal 2.05 gb for us to use..... mx player plays hd n full hd videoes..... camera is decent..... a decent mobile for 13000 rs...... n believe of sony(make.believe) i will recommend to buy this for normal mobile user....little game n alll though can play aspalt 8 as well.... gets heated a little with games battery can easily last for 36 to 40 hrs....with normal usage..... battery 8/10 display 9/10 games 8/10 graphics 9/10 touch 9/10 processor 8/10 could have been 1.2 dual core camera 7/10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEiz0NCwpLo those who wanna go for xolo mmx or other i'll say to spend few more n buy this....PICK FOR SONY. 4.5 star according to budget
Superb mid range smart phone. I got my purple coloured Xperia M from flipkart. Got it delivered within 24 hours, excellent service. As for the phone only the camera is a let down. The focus for Near objects not good. Otherwise the best in this range
Using this phone since a week.. sony has done a good job..No hassle, no problem in product. Battery life is too good..Flipkart delivery was before time.. Cons- Camera performance is average, limited internal storage. Pros- except the cons...everything is good..
I have been using it since last week till now its working really great .model is sleek and display is awsome .camera is descent. battery back up also good.For me its the best phone in its range. kudos to sony.Last but not the least I am really impressed with flipkark as i got my phone in less than 2 days!!!
Well flipkart has done its job.....delivered within 2nd day....Excellent phone in 13k range.....I love it....Only one problem, internal memory is 2.05 GB instead of 4 GB....Got to sort out with flipkart....Recommend it to everyone who is looking of phones in 13k range...Awesome phone....!!!
Bought it a week back , havens seen major problems.. i certainly think its worth the money ( 11800 ) the headphones could have been better battery life for normal users ( who just use it for calls ,music n whatsapp ) is good and stays for a day atleast.. thanks flipkart !
after so much of research,i bought this phone on 5th October 2013 n i am very happy with this device.its the best phone available at this price.works very smoothly with 1gb of ram.but the device gets heated sometimes and the battery drains out pretty quickly.but overall its a great device.worth each penny.
Kya gajab ka phone hai. Woh bhi sirf 12,700/- . I sold my Micromax Canvas A110 & Nokia Lumia 520 at 12,000/-. And purchased at 12,700/- today 10/10/2013. I have used HTC one, desire, micromax, nokia, lg, samsung - > But really sony is something amazing quality. It's a phone within our life companion friend phone. Nice features and excellent camera. Also same reviews are for Sony xperia L and other models. Don't look back and think a lot just go for it.
better go for canvas 2 plus or canvas hd,better processor and camera and battery,canvas 2 plus scores 13500 in antutu and 56 fps in nenamark 2.
-best mobile in this price range. -sexy looks -Great specs for a mobile this range -don't wait u just found the right product..
after using phone for 2 days here is my review... PROS... -touch response isvery good.. -1 Ghz dual core and 1 gb ram is enough for any kind of multitasking.. -display better than xperia l with 245 ppi pixel density L has 215 -no lag issues with playing normal games like subway surfers or temple run 2 -music quality is awesome -4 inch size is appropriate in operating phone with one hand. currently best selling phone in range of 13k .. CONS..- -camera quality is not good.. photos clicked are too saturated..in colur..its not expected from sony that they are providing an all rounder phone but camera is bad... even with hdr pic quality improves only a little.. -thogh there are some battery issues.. but let the phone to get fully charge for 2-3 hrs for battery caliberation... after that it lasted one whole day with moderate gaming and internet usage on 3g... low internal storage... but u can move songs and videos to sd card.. OVERALL go for it if u can compromise on camera... otherwise go for xperia L if u can spend 3k more...who have almost same configuration with bigger screen size and 8 mp camera ...
Best phone. Don't think twice just go ahead and buy. Surely u will be happy. I realized that the only mobile company which maintains quality is sony. The camera is marvelous.
after searching a lot i have finalized this phone, the price and features suits me and my requirements, and got a great deal from flipkart.
First of all, The brand new Sony Xperia M is a good phone ,no doubt.. But if u take it practically, not the best at all.. Now take a look at Pros and Cons.. Pros: 1. 4 inch touchscreen: Good descent size for an ideal smartfone.. 2.1gb Ram: More than enough ,,which means u can play all games without any lagging issue.. 3.Android Jellybean 4.1: A must have OS and it is also upgradable becoz of its 1gb Ram and 1Ghz processor. 4. 1GHz processor: Supports all games without any lags.. 5. Dual Camera: You wont get dual camera at this price point from such a reputed brand.. Cons: 1.Internal Memory 4GB: Although it has 4GB internal memory but only 2 GB is usable which is indeed very less space..You cant install so many apps and if u install Fifa 14 (1.27 Gb), then ur internal memory will be gone.. 2.Camera: Back Camera is descent in day light but worst in low light, not a camera of a smartfone... Front Camera is VGA..Not even click a pic at day light.. Worst camera I saw .. 3.Display: Not as bright as u wish to have... 4.Switch off Problem: Most of the users had encountered this problem. The phone automatically switches off many times. 5.Not a good Battery: If u are a social geek, the battery is not sufficient for u..Discharges in 4 hours of talktime and standby time is not more than 2 days. In short its a good smartfone but some cons are really disappointing..If u want to buy a phone for using it for more than 6 months,, its not a good choice at all.. Instead, u should recommend Galaxy Core (for Android) and Lumia 520/620 (for WindowS Phone) at this price point.. These 2 phone I recommended has much more Internal memory(8GB) , good camera as compared to Xperia M..and a good Touchsreen and brighter display and good battery also.. Best of luck + Fingers Crossed..
Processing is very smooth & fast, Camera quality is superb whether video or still, its true HD, one will definitely love this phone, one will feel satisfied after having it.
Display quality is excellent... If you knowledge about camera its delivery good result.. Call quality is awesome..... Internal Memory 4GB is doesn't problem SDCard provide extended memory, applications also easily rooted by some Technics...... Overall Design is awesome... My suggestion its excellent phone for handled use....!!!!!!!!
cant expect more than this in this price range.The phone is fantastic,no lagging,no restart problem..In short worth of every penny.............................................................................................................................................
Value for Money Good Look Solid structure. Good Battery Life Soft and Sensitive touch screen Lot of apps where Pre installed. Never compare this mobile with any other model at this price. Just Go for it...
NOTHING TO SAY!!!!! !!!!!! As I am not well established in Financial. But, For SONY Only, I gathered lots of money passed few years in my Bank for Buying ''SONY XPERIA M''. Now, The time has come for me for Buying this Handsets spend for whole of my life. Thanks God!!! Next week I will place Order...
just ordered it right now only relying on reviewers!!! Hopefully sony dosnt backstab.. using sony vaio and sony xperia!! Hoping fr a gr8 experince....review coming soon.. i am only hopful about the battery life
Fats delivery, Product Nice as specified, but one small doubt, whether the seal 3D logo was opened, a small cut like was seen. but believing Flipkart services -I opened and found to be working fine. 1st time got mobile work 12K thro internet. Flip Kart really delivery is very fast, regular update in tracking.
i am used xperia m it is best phone but its major problem when headset connected then mobile hang and restart. so carefully purchased and verify mobile phone.............. i am suggested to micromax canvas 3 , htc phones, your budget is 12000-15000 to purchase Samsung phones.
Amazing Xperience................ #"small apps" feature is very nice..similar to multiple window.. #battery performance is good. more dan 1 full day after heavy usage(browsing,music,camera,whatsapp etc) # 1 gb RAM is just perfect. no lags at all whatsoever # Notification light effects r just wowww!!!
Nothing is not in its specification, which a phone user requires, Ultimate smoothness, ultimate clarity,sound, camera. U will fall in love with this handset, I bought yesterday, and super delighted... and top of that a Sexy Look(I bought purple color.)
AWESOME PHONE bought it couple of weeks back for 12900 n boy its worth every bit of the money its impossible to find a phone from a respectable brand [not micromax or karbon] wich has 1 GB RAM HAVE LOOKED FOR IT IN ALMOST ALL SITES N SHOPS good sized screen n very impressive battery life wen on stamina mode ONLY DRAWBACK I WOULD IS THE CAMERA ISNT THAAT GR8
yesterday I bought this phone from a local shop and now i love it ,Its my first android phone. 5 mp camera is good, very clear and sharp picture in daylight.if you know how to set the camera setting in different modes(like day light, cloudy,fluorescent) that it clicks very good quality pictures.sound is good,phone does not hang.
Amazing flipkart delivery..! The product was delivered to me just after two days. Amazing handset in a price range of 13K. I'm using this product for past one month but no lag at all. Good sound and camera quality. Games like Temple Run 2 and Subway Surfer runs smoothly. Display is also decent. But it is little difficult to use the handset in bright sunlight. Camera quality is good enough and it has image stabilization as well. Ideal for clicking images in low lightening conditions. The notification light changes depending upon the color of the background. Pros: Good display at this price Good call quality 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4, Dual Core processor Adreno 305 GPU Good for multi-tasking Slim and light weight 720p video recording Cons: The only problem which I faced with the device is its internal memory. Even though it has 4 GB internal memory, only around 1.5 GB is user available. Overall a very good handset at this price range.
This is my second Xperia phone and Sony has not disappointed. Awesome features, Upgraded UI and Nice hardware inside. Though the headset provided in the box is not so good, I donot have any complaints so far.
im planning to purchase this handset. it has got decent camera with latest processor and graphics. it can play the latest games without the typical problem of lags in android. Sony has made the excellent product while its competitors are offering outdated CPU's.the drawback is the low internal memory. i just want to ask whether the apps and games installed are movable to the external memory card?
Got the Xperia M on Ganesh Chaturthi day 9th Sept 2013. Flipkart prices were high from the day it was listed so inquired in shops around and got a better deal. As for the phone : Being a SONY gives confidence. Have not even restarted or switched off the phone since the 2nd day which was done to install the micro sim and memory card. Phone running 24x7 It tends to get warm on 3g internet, gaming and browsing. That is a normal thing. Antutu benchmark gave an overall score of 11k+. UI is fluid and games run well (installed only jetpack joyride as yet). Charging takes quite some time especially from 80% to 100%. Love the LED notification lights. Camera seems ok, not top-notch. If we need SLR quality pics then one should go for a SLR. Music player and sound is good enough. Installed MX player to play videos, which play smoothly. Battery lasted me around 1 and half day on full charge. This was with some gaming and internet chatting, downloading and phone usage. Felt satisfied. Unless and until the prices here come to the level of stores, it would be worth going to a shop and buying it. A recommended buy if your budget is below 15k.
I have purchased this phone at the local market in Hyderabad for Rs.12,600 during the first week of its release and i have been using it for last 3 weeks. I haven't noticed any major problems with the phone and surprisingly i was impressed with many of its features. Pros: ~1 GZ dual core processor and 1 GB RAM are just perfect to run all medium/small apps without ANY lag. ~Touch is super sensitive and very responsive.You will enjoy playing games like temple run 2 and subway surfers which needs a touch with faster response to expertise n reach bigger scores ~Very long battery backup.i was surprised with the battery back up of the phone initially.It can easily last for one complete day with normal usage and 2 days if you use it less. ~Looks.This model has such a premium looks and it feels so good in your hands.You can proudly use it in a public place. ~Speaker sound is awesome,its loud and you will be definitely satisfied. ~Call quality is good. Cons: ~As you all know,the internal memory is low and you can install apps ONLY in the internal storage and not in the memory card.So dont expect to play heavy games like asphalt 8 in this phone.If you are a hard core games,choose xperia L or Xperia SP(both of them are successful in their price ranges) ~Camera is just average but for this budget we cant expect anything more. ~Phone get heated up a little,not much,just a little warm which is acceptable and we have this problem in most of the phones these days. ~white colored ear phones for a black phone,looks very weird. Suggestion: I dont know why but if you make a market survey in the local market places like univercell, mobile store, sangeetha or Big C. Every salesmen suggests you not to go for sony and tells you to prefer samsung or nokia. Dont believe in them, I think they get less margin on sony phones or something and hence they try to sell more samsung phones etc. Believe in reviews available on internet and then decide,dont change your mind listening to those half knowledge salesmen. Query: We can share the internet connection on your laptop by creating a wifi network using softwares like connectify or directly through windows. Phone is able to detect those networks but it is getting disconnected very frequently and i am unable to useinternet of my laptop. If anyone knows the solution to this problem,please mention it as a review
Got this phone frm another website for 11.5k after coupon discount.The original price was 12.9k. This is my 4th Sony phone and 2nd smart phone. Its an amazing budget friendly phone with value for money specs. Pros- got a good screen,U.I.,clear sound production, Sony specific sound enhancements,good cam,and a good display. This phone has a very good battery backup.
Not the best smartphone out there, But very good for the price. Battery life is only 1 day max(all android phones are). Multitasking and gaming works fluidly. Low internal memory wont be an issue if you dont game much. Its very light weight and has a good design. Screen quality is poor. External speakers are good. Camera is really bad. Notification light is awesome. User interface is really good. It overheats while using 3g. Battery life is really poor while using 3g or Wifi.
It is just shocking guys. If you can just compare it with galaxy core, you will clearly note that all the technical specs are more or less the same, plus core has an advantage of dual sim, and with a 1.2 ghz processor. but as "M" has a snapdragon processor, i don't think it a major plus point. The major advantage of the core being the awesome user interface of samsung and the major problem i experienced with this that, it always gets hanged. I'm not at all satisfied with it.
Best in class of Mid range phones ,Best in class of Mid range phones ,Best in class of Mid range phones Awesome Feautures Light weight Superb Camera and Music Awesome Feautures Light weight Superb Camera and Music !
Do u know guyz y did Sony haven't released Xperia z mini??????? Bcoz dey done d masterpiece 'Xperia M'. Dis isn't exaggeration bt its true. I bought Samsung core within a month dis was released, I dint even think I gone with dis. 'A very best midrange phone'. it explains.....
I 'received my Sony Xperia m yesterday morning at about 11am instead of 9th monday mentioned by Flipkart. Xperia m is s awesome smartphone and i've not come across any lags in multitasking downloading/uploading media mp3 etc. Xperia m is indeed a lovely affordable smartphone by Sony and it beats Samsung galaxy core...thanks to Sony for providing this smartphone. I got this smartphone for rupees 12600 from Flipkart. in the box accessories were usb cable/charger, battery, earphones, guaranty card, introduction and sar value
awesome phone...no restart n no blue tint...loud speaker awesome... but in headphone not Upto to the level of Xperia u....go for it..price hiked due to demand..I just bought for 12.9k support otg too... delivery of Flipkart just unvelivable...good packing... definitely Xperia M is pure magic of Sony.
Hi..everyone I bought this phone 1 week back..white in colour.. First of all I have to talk about the features of sony(not Andriod) Sense Me ..awwwsum feature..!!! Stamina Mode.. Illuminating Lights.. Wow range within the budget..!! But not satisfied with the sound(compared to Iphone) And The Phone is a lil bit heating.. Camera is just ok..(if rear one is a more pixelled,it would be better) Subway Surfers n Temple Run plays well on long run.. Over all I Rate 4/5 A HOTCAKE PHONE WITHIN THE BUDGET(12.5,000 INR)
I have used Sony Xperia's from the days of their partnership with Ericsson and the release of the X10. After that I used the Xperia S, which was overrated. The Xperia M, I would have to say, seems well built from Sony. The UI is smooth, speakerphone in loud and clear. The area with a let down is the screen. But overall, its a unit that marketed nicely, and for its price, I would recommend this to anyone looking for entry-mid level unit, this is one to go for ...
nothing else to look..just buy it ....great phone at this price range... Display is really good because you are talking about FWVGA(854*480) on a 3.8 inch screen(0.2 inch for the buttons).This is what I had been looking for.The L is just too large for its resolution.The SP,Z are tablets,not a phone.:-p. Minimum requirement to play 1080p videos is 960*540 like in xperia P.They dont release it anymore.This has got enough to play 720p videos smoothly.When playiing videos or viewing photos,the full 4 inch becomes available. Camera.I would say its just sufficient.Its one reason why people would go for the L(8mp),but not sure about its clarity as well.Camera is not bad.but not good either.You cant compare it with the camera of nokia 520.But,hey presto,520 doesn't have flash.this does,which is why i say,Its sufficient.
Hi, I bought this product from flipkart and placed the order on this Friday(30th Aug) and to my surprise I recieved it on Monday morning.The Packaging and delivery time is the best thing of flipkart. The Phone is really great and have almost all the feature which a high end phones comes with.It looks glossy and has awesome finish.The phone is working very smoothly even after installing a lot of apps. :-) The Only Cons is the front end camera which is not that good.Apart from that everything is cool. I recommend this to everyone.So just go ahead and buy the same.
This fone is simply superb with all the features... touch is awesome...... no lags games run smoothly battery backup is ok camera is good... simply fantastic stylish looks and sleek design guys if you want a superfone within 15k then is the best gadget....with bundled features and apps.....go for this fone without second thought....
A very good handset for average users and gamers. picture and video quality could have been better, 4gb internal memory is a bit low coz you can play last year top games on this easly but never the-less a great phone. I pre-ordered it and got it just under Rs. 12990 :P
I bought this phone 2 weeks earlier from sony showroom as it was an upcoming item on flipkart.After 2 weeks of usage Iam very much satisfied with this phone, everything about this phone is just awesome....good looking, great display, very light, more than decent battery life (this was important for me), no lags while playing small games like temple run, subway surfers, even real racing 3 was running smoothly thanks to adreno 305 graphics. The only CONS that I could find is the internal memory which is only 1.8GB out of the box & camera is just OK .I was hoping a better camera from a brand like sony. All in All....at 12700/- you are getting more than other good brands like Samsung,LG are providing.so I would give it 5/5.
I brought this phone last saturday..An awsum and briliant phone at this price... Wat i like about this phone. *dual core processor *Killer looks display 4 inch (Feels very preminum) * Sense me in albums and in walkman music *no lag * 5 MP camera is decent. Only con i found is the internal memory but still there is expandable memory slot. Just go for it.. love sony mobiles
After two weeks of usage, am highly satisfied with this mobile. No hangs,no restarts,no call drop or signal failure, long battery and much more..Even am using with no cover or screen guard, the design and color still looks the same. Fast, standard and reliable piece and i recommend to all
Best phone in budget price. Loved it !! Had a great experience buying on Flipkart i recommend please go ahead. i was waiting for purple color so long on pre order. as soon as it was available WS seller shipped and delivered within 3 days. quality of phone with pre installed apps, 1 GB ram is sufficient, internal memory 4gb is cons,but the performance of phone, games, display internet speed* and special LED indication are good.
good phone in its segment in every aspects . compared with samsung core n micromax n others than buyed this one . go for it ......... Battery life is good. Also, the phone is bundled with SONY STAMINA and LOW BATTERY modes for enhanced battery life. No need to download third-party apps for power management. In-built battery apps tend to be more reliable and robust;;;... Camera quality can be good if you learn how to tweak around with some settings such as metering, white balance, focus and HDR. Auto mode is not always optimal. There is loss of texture and sharpness at times.......... Even though its just 1 Ghz Dual core, performance is very impressive
I Got this strday. its really superb phone. superb speed superb display superb music quality superb design superb user interface little bit low camera quality but clear photos. Xperia M has the best performance for an entry level device ever given by a foreign brand. It is snappy, runs all games flawlessly and movies run really well. XOLO Play and the P1 give similar performances, each giving superb performance for price results. 1GB Ram ensures Muti-tasking is smooth.
Sony finally hit the market with an awesome mobile !!! I bought this Mobile 2 days back and I'm really having a good time with it. There is no lag and game play is also pretty good. The Music experience is great and wonderful. The walkman Music app by sony is filled with options and you'll really love it if you are a music lover. The internal memory could've been more. I haven't had any issues with restart while taking screeshot and using headphones till now. Its worth the price we pay.
Bought this phone from a local store as it was cheaper than flipkart. The phone is just awesome. The looks are gr8 and considering performance, the phone is just superb! Ders is absolutely no lag and the interface is also superb. The display is really good in terms of clarity. The only minus point related to the display wud be the relatively narrow viewing angles but thats not a big problem. Gaming on this fone is also a wonderful experience so the only real minus wud be the relatively lower internal memory(1.5gb user available), which again wont be a problem if u are a light or medium user. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone!
i have been always afraid 2 handle touch screen nokia was my 1st luv n sits still d last but after much thoought n views i decided not 2 go for windows phone n after months of research n finalc onfusion btwn samsung core n xpeia m i got dis xperia M...i wanted something nice,sleek,girly,trendy n at d same time with all features n within my budget.. DIS PHONE IS REALLY AMAZING,,,,,good battery back up,,,nice clear pictures,,with NFC,,HANDY N LIGHTWEIGHT..all is bsoltely gud abt it...im luving every thing abt it..so guys go 4 it..flipkart helped me 2 decie n hence in return im helping its pepl by giving my review... final verdict: XPERIA M ROCKS
I bought this mobile just a week back,this is the best mobile in this range,its looks are awesome.the most important thig is It iS Very LiGhtweight,nice camera.this is the best phone u can get in range between 10000 to 20000.If u like it jusst GO for it,i promise u will have no regret.
Pls go n Buy its awesome... Superb Fantastic... except Camera .... Camera quality is not look like 5MP...One of my colegue is using nokia lumia 520 ...5MP ..its awesome quality.... except Camera quality.... Pls go for Xperia M
First of all Speedious delivery by flipkart n bluedart had my mobile in my hand within 1day 6 hours(30hrs) after ordering it... Pros- - Awesome looks. - Premium feel. - Smooth touch. - Extended freebie from flipkart. 1year extended warranty by etechies. So I can use it fearlessly.. - Battery drains no doubt but your usage defines. for me with average use lasted a day. Cons:- - Interference of sony not that great expected much from brand like Sony. - Camera Quality is ok, not that Wow factor as i expected to have.. - Battery is 1700mAh not 1750mAh for ur information.. - Inbuilt only 2gb if yu delete all apps provided for sony otherwise 1.3gb with apps.. They should have provided atleast 8gb internal, but never the less i have 16gb sdcard.. so less worry in this segment.. Only been one day since I bought it so detailed review will be up after a month. Soo 4stars for now.. -1/2 for camera n -1/2 for inbuilt space n interference..
I bought this phone recently from Sangeetha mobiles after reading only the online reviews. Disappointed with the phone for the below reasons: 1.Radiation felt around the hard keys. 2.Display quality is very bad compared to my old Defyplus. 3.Build quality of the phone is not great compared to Nokia lumia 4.I didnt like the usability of menus and options (my old defyplus was far better in terms of usabiliy) 5.Camera quality is not great but ok. 6.I faced couple of reboots in a week. 7.Battery goes for 2 days max if you only use it for making calls. If you play games then then it will drain very quickly even the battery save mode enabled. 8.The soft buttons of the phone has lead to lot of usability issues while doing drag and drop or delete icons operations. They should have avoided the soft buttons instead of saving cost in terms of hw. 9.I expected the music quality to be the best but not amazed not much Sony special options.:( Reasons to consider this phone for buy: 1. 1 GB ram will help for advanced games 2. 1GB ram phone with latest Android for 13k. Other options you shall consider: 1. Pay extra 3+K and go for Nokia 720. Though this is 512 MB phone its amazingly super fast. Net speed is awesome. Build quality and Display quality is unmathable. Camera quality of Nokia720 is Far better. Only issue with nokia is lack of apps.But most of the necessary apps are available. Missing feature was swype text keyboard in nokia720.
It's really a nice phone with great features, Good sound quality of songs as I am a big music lover. Constant travel during weekends had taught me that headfones are your next best companion apart from your friend who offers you free chips http://itbloggertips.com/
- Awesome looks. - Premium feel. - Smooth touch. - Incredible hardware at 12.5k (market price I picked at) - Battery drains no doubt but your usage defines. for me with average use lasted a day. - Only been two days since I bought it so detailed review will be up after a month. Go for it if guys !!!
Wat a great piece.... its really worth to purchase this Sony Experia M model... Great Touch... Fabulous speed... Slim and light weighted... with very good features in the range of 13000 rupees... and more importantly the BRAND...Sony Experia series in this range... The only setback is the internal memory which is shown as 4GB but the useable memory is around 2 to 2.5GB. Go for this model....
Its awesome .... Its d 1st day with Xperia - M(itu) ...Though I don't bought it from flipkart but its strongly suggested you can try it on flipkart too ..Let's go through very short unboxing review 1) Awesome built with pure black outfit , It easily a killer competent to those of Nokia 720 , Xepria J/L or HTC Desire V or Samsung Core 2) S4 Dual Core Snadragon Processor , Speechless smoothy performance in first instance of your faint finger touch 3) Display and Screen Display Quality is High Class , Though not supported with Bravia Engine but TFT display with atmost clarity and brightness . ppi and resolution is superb . 4) Adreno 305 GPU is icing to your cake . I have tried with Temple Run 2 along with 10 application running and there is no lag . Simply a wow factor . And you have 1 GB ( more or less with 804 MB ) RAM in your pocket cell . 5) Camera quality is unbelievable . I have captures some of the snaps in almost no light area and flash is so good that easily comparable with Carl Zeus lens if not more . Secondary camera is high above than similar 0.3 M-pixels . 6) Sound , do I really need to explain for Xloud , sound enhancement and clear audio . Don't think so . Sony is always a class apart here . and M is the Masterpiece here with quality headset . 7) There are lots of feature which yet to explore but NFC is the one which you will find amazing and for 13K range you will not find with any other cell . After all , Its SONY ...... Go for it without a doubt
Just got this and i never write reviews but this phone has made me do so. Totally worth every penny and touch is just magic, camera and memory could be improved, but overall this phone is just brilliant. Good midrange phone , you won't regret it.
Bought this Xperia M (black) on 20th August 2013. Hardware: It packs a great uni-body design just like the Xpera Z. It also has a slot for attaching a cord/sling. Rubberised back with big “Sony” branding in the center and “Xperia” at the bottom. The aluminium power button is also very elegant in looks. As for the processor and RAM, It houses a dual core 1Ghz Snapdragon Krait processor which is from the latest series of Snapdragon Processors said to be very powerful and battery efficient coupled with Adreno 305 GPU (Again the best in this price group and better than PwrVGX GPU’s of some MTK Cortex processors). Also has very eye catching LED notifications light. Software: I won’t talk of the features of Jelly Bean but yes the Xperia Timescape theme in all of these 2013 Xperia Phones is outstanding. My last phone was a 2011 Xperia Mini ST15i and since then the skin of Timescape has improved a lot. (You won’t get such a good experience of android in any of the ugly looking Samsung’s Touchwiz or HTC senseless HTC sense - yes I am a sony fan). It has a very good feature of small apps and also to open and access recent apps. Sony might also update all of the 2013 phones to Android 5.0 Key Lime Pie next year. Camera: Not the camera I expected, flash is mis-caliberated as well as the focus about 40% times (sony shall have to look into it in the coming updates for the phone), Flash doesn’t fire while using HDR and you need to have super stable hands while using HDR in low light (though it does what it says, takes up nice photos in low light). 720p Video Recording is extremely crisp and good, front camera is decent as well – No complaints here. Music: Earphones are on-the-ear, clear and decent but the MH-650 in-ear earphones I got with my last Xperia Mini are a class part but unfortunately they don’t work with Xperia M. Music from Loudspeaker is really loud and amazing. Performance: It has the best of processors and RAM tuned in the best way and thus delivers exceptional good lag free experience, I tried playing Temple Run 2, pressed home, immediately pressed call button to make call and it happened without any delay (Note: This is a small test to check speed in everyday usage, several badly tuned phones fail this even being dual core and having 1 GB ram). Phones also plays 1080p videos seamlessly using MxPlayer. Display: at 245ppi in this 4” display, its better than Xperia L, Lumia 520, 620, Grand, Core etc. Battery: 1750 mah battery which is equal to that of Xperia L is more efficient in Xperia M, mainly bcoz of 0.3 inch smaller screen than that of L. Goes for 12-15 hours on heavy usage without using any “Stamina Mode”, I am a power user and when I say heavy usage, I mean really heavy usage i.e. calls, messaging, continuous whatsapp, few photos as well. Others: It has NFC no other phone in this price group has that, I bought Xperia Smart Tags online for Rs.250 for 2 tags. Very useful if you know how to make use this extremely handy feature. Phone reception is very clear, light weight. It has premium build quality. Sony features inside the phone like SenseMe slideshow are also very good. Ratings: Build: 10/10 Performance: 10/10 Music: 9/10 (9 because earphones are not in-ear) Camera: 7/10 Video: 9/10 Display 10/10 Overall: 9/10 (This is my opinion since phone is way better than Samsung Galaxy Grand (cortex processor, bad screen ppi), Xperia L (poor screen 228ppi, not so good 8mp camera, not so good battery), Galaxy Core (again cortex processor, bad screen ppi).
Cons: -Average Camera -Only 4 GB of internal storage where as 1.5 GBs of internal space would be used for operating segment default apps and customization. -Hard to read under Indian Sunlight Pros: 9/10 new notification lights 8/10 Extreemly fair Pricing 8/10 Classy Design 8/10 Very good call quality 8/10 Catches wifi Signal even at relatively long distances 7/10 Battery Backup lasts for a complete day 8/10 Speaker Output 9/10 Music Quality Conclusion: Xperia M is just new exterior body with same flesh. Sony Xperia sola, Sony Xperia miro and Xperia j have similar configurations and we couldn't understand the need of another xperia device with very similar configuration. It's always good to have option and xperia m gives you another option to think of.
The only thing Sony is not improving in its phones of these type is the camera. I must say the camera quality is very poor in Xperia M, when photos are taken in dark conditions. In daylight, they lack sharpness. Video recording is just average. Auto focusing is not good and delayed. THIS IS THE BIGGEST CON IN "XPERIA M", and also in all the Sony phones of this range. Otherwise the phone is AMAZING... Inspite of the poor camera, I still give it a 5-on-5...!!!
Hi.. I've order dis to flipkart on 15th aug.2013.. Since i'm waiting 4 my SEXY YELLOW! (finally cancelled order on 27th and got my YELLOW SEXY from local SONY CENTER.. :) ) I'm nt going to deliver the specifications! It's all about STANDARDS.. Which is much more higher than crappy samsung, mmx, xolo, lg etc.. Here, SONY delivers u the premium feel, ROWDY OR PROUDY LOOKs, lightning fast processing, 4" FWVGA screen, HD camera (remember its SONY!), crystal CLEAR sound with clear BASS and noise reduction, adreno 305, 1gb ram bla bla bla...& so more... Plus battery stamina mode! NFC, HDR(camera) are the cherries on the cake! I'm just crazy 4 this.. It will beat galaxy Core, desire u, desire x, lumia 520-620 anyday, anytime! If u want to attract everyone(i.e. Girls), go with this SEXO... U'll certainly rule.. STANDARD matters... Love u SONY!
Xperia M is great phone for the price it offers. The bank offer was great so it came cheaper than whats currently listed. Any purple is great color to have considering its even present in the high Xperia Z. Pros - Good value for money, great feel, good looks, and like Xperia phones has a colored light indicator at the bottom. Cons - The touch buttons if outside of screen would have been better. Also, 4 GB is not that great considering the power the phone has in terms of processor and RAM
what a fantastic phone I got, in a budget....completely having all features...Great phone for all SONY lovers..micromax, samsung, nokia all are in their way but Sony is a different thing,..but people think that it always a higher in the range...but this XPERIA M:- Think for while ....its feature & its price you can of course compare this with Nokia LUmia 720, with Samsung sduos...Must Buy this Xperia M...
I got this mobile today morning. I don't want to talk about flipkart service. As usual it is awesome. About the mobile When I opened the box and saw a phone i was really happy. This is cool phone. Touch is awesome. Played some HD game and there is no lag. Please go for this mobile if you are buying mid range phone.
Preordered this one fewdays ego...Finally got it today ... very Classy design .Working Very smothly... Cons: Low quality Plastic made cover... Get too much heated when u use internet Back Cover is so weak. overall phone looks classy i would say go for it rather dan samsung
Really Awesome device from SONY... =>Awesome display with 4inches and very handy too when u holding it. =>Battery is decent. =>Hardware is good like processor or ram. =>Sound clarity pretty good. =>Notification light effects are just Awesome.
i have got this mobile on rakshabandhan. this mobile has got a fabulus magic touch . it plays heavy games likle RETURN TO CASTEL WOLFESTIEN. ASPHALT 7' NFS MOSTWANTED GTA3,1,2,4 AND ALLL OTHER WITH IN 1..0GIZGS U WANT TO PLAY I HAVE GOT PURPULE COLOUR OF IT AND PLZ DONT BUY WHITE AS ITS SCREEN DOESNT LOOK SO GREAT AS IN BLACK BODY AND VIOLET BACHEAD. MY FRNDS WERE LIKE OH MY GOD! IT PLAYS ALL MOVE FORMAT EVEN FLV MP4 MPEG4HVGA AND SO MORE SOUND IS VERY GREAT ITS LIKE HAVING A SPEAKER ON HAND SCRREEEEN HD QUALITY NO LAG TO SHOW COLOURS ITS A PERFECT MOBILE FOR TEENAGER AS IT HAS GOT PASSION STYLE LUXURIOS LOOK MAT DESIGN SCRATCH RESISTAN SCREE AND ETCC............................ I SOUD TEEL THAT U MUST DEFIENETLY GO FOR IT!!!
I AM A SONY FAN WHEN IT COMES TO VERSATILITY WITH FEATURES DESIGN ESPECIALLY. BUY THIS TIME IT HAS BEEN UPSETTING ME, WITH REGARDS TO THE DISPLAY OF IT, THE DISPLAY IS NOT LIKE EXPERIA U OR SOLA. IF U ARE EXPECTING IT TO BE LIKE XPERIA SOLA OR XPERIA U DONT GO FOR IT. NO DOUBT THE OTHER HARDWARE IS GOOD LIKE PROCESSOR OR RAM. BUT IF U HAVE EVER USED SAMSUNG PHONES LIKE S3 OR NOTE AND FOR SOME REASONS U WAN TO BUY THIS U WILL NOT KIKE IT FOR SURE. ITS GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY THOUGH. NO DOUBT. BUT DISPLAY IS UPSETTING SAMSUNG GRAND DUOS HAS A BETTER DISPLAY....
Awesome fone Performance- 1GHz Dual-Core Processor......Adreno 305. All games worked extemely well....no lags good for GAMING.... Asphalt 7, Dead trigger ..etc.. worked great Good Camera! good Screen! Lights! ;) Front Camera! Jelly Bean!! STYLISh!!! Great!!! PHOne!!! SONY XPERIA M.
Hi Folks, I got XPERIA M from flipkart. My experience in Xperia mob as below: Xperia U -----------> Xperia J ----->Xperia SP -----> Xperia M (3 months used) (7 months) (3 days used) ( now using) So i thought upgrading myself to 1Gb Ram Xperia mob, so i got Xperia SP,, Bad Experience: ---------------------------- trust me guys...Screen is very light,, we cant even see single word in Sunlight,,if we want to call somebdy,,its very struggling in SP...Non removable battery,,,it got switch off when i played high end games,,,,i tried some methods to switch on like described in online also,,it never worked.... i flashed & made it ready,,,but switching off happens,,, some times r other....i got frustrutated & Sold in Olx.in by 3500 rs Loss Moving to Xperia M: --------------------------- Already wasted money, so i was planned to stick with 15000 worth mobiles....i hunted in Samsung & xperia brand,, finally i got Xperia M,,it had all the decent specification wat xperia SP has,,,except.. Bravia engine & gorilla glass,,, I AM VERY HAPPY ABOUT IT>>>> Having lot Adventures with XPERIA M
If you guys wanna go for a best budget android phone of a well known standard company, this is it. Having provided with one of the best qualcomm chipset krait dual core processor, the company also packs 1gb ram and adreno 305 gpu which i think you wont find in any of the branded phones in this range. Touch sensitivity and response is awesome, till now no lags in the OS and also almost all games ran without lag. Ofcourse this phone too has some cons, major among them is IT LACKS BRAVIA engine, and its camera is just OK whereas its competitor GALAXY CORE camera wins this aspect. Other problem is the internal storage which is just 4gb as a result comes out to be just 1.4Gb user available. For those who arent hardcore gamers and wish to buy a great deal in budget, JUST GO FOT IT....
This is a awesome product... first, this is the brand `sony` It camera is 5mp and it captures photos and videos in good clarity even in night. It can play high games like subway surfers, temple run, temple run 2, temple run Oz, GTA 3 without any lag. Its screen is 4 inch which is OK at this price. Its performace is very fast too. 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Dual Core Processor which is a big plus. Its BATTEY STAMINA MODE is awesome which saves a lot of battery. At the end i want to say this phone os awesome for those who want a mid - range mobile.
just buy it its really a awesome one:)at this price:)best in gpu:)good at camera,good at design,loud sound with clear bass,just 1world i would say awesome:)and am loving this xperia m note:not so good in camera performance but other then that its awesome:)
I was waiting fr a mnth or above to see this mobile :in stock: in FK... Now as it is in stock i ll b buyin this gem soon.. I have viewed all the reviews of Xperia M in youtube.. thnks 2 GeekyRanjit who has reviewed every aspect of this phone... its d best in its class n d only con is its internal memory which is around 1.5 GB... it can play all heavy games includin asphalt 7 & RipTide2 flawlessly.. other heavy games it would have played but thnx to the lower internal memory it wont install.. if you all want to see reviews on xperia m den search (review on xperia m by geeky ranjit) on yotube and u ll b more clear about its performance.. thnxx n regards Raj kishore
was waiting when it'll be available on FK.. i'm ordering it instantly.. best at this range.. and the sound quality is really awesome.. great design.. the lowest priced phone with NFC whether branded or non branded.. go for it guys.. it'll be the market changer for Sony in very next weeks or days.. but would have been great with BE and 8GB internal..
