MOBDJSJSQZZ2ZA57
I've been using this phone for the past 3 months and it's working perfectly fine. I play lot of games, use 3G, listen to music, and so far no hang ups. This is a really good phone for someone who wants quality at a reasonable price. I love the screen size, it's just right. Battery life is good. It's important that you charge your phone 100% to extend battery life. Leave it charging for at least 10-20 more minutes after it says that it has been fully charged. As is with any phones, it has a couple of drawbacks. One is that you cannot move games/apps to your external device, this is quite frustrating. Secondly, there is no back light and sometimes you struggle to see the screen in sunlight. Otherwise this is a really good phone. Lastly, kudos to flipkart as usual. Delivery was very quick and the package was well sealed and undamaged.
first of all great service flipkart.. this is not my first time.. they delivered my phone in 3 days.. OK now lets talk about phone. phone is really good looking with awesome UI No hd recording and playback.. thats why i gave 4 stars pros, 1. great UI.. dont need to install other launchers 2. Phone is really good looking 3. Dual core processore 4. 768 mb ram @ this price 5. Clear and sharp display 6. Free 50GB box storage 7. Decent camera 8. Good battery life 9. Q-slide and quick memo 10. cool pre-inbuilt apps.. like polaris viewer, lg tv, quick translator Cons, 1. No ambilight sensor 2. No backlight in buttons 3. No HD recording as well as HD playback :( Trust me best phone under 15k.. if u want a brand name and a powerpack feature phone dont think too much just buy it
Dear All, I would like to share my experience on LG Optimus L7 II P715 Dual. In one sentence I describe it as "A deceiving look but inside a CRAP". Now the story to prove it I bought this phone on 27 Jul 2013 from Univercell Sync CMH Road Bangalore. In fact, I went there to buy a Samsung dual SIM phone. The marketing guy there showed me this phone very nice looking, slim and DECEPTIVE. Still was not interested but they said this is the best, light weight, good looking and what else. I finally decided to buy it. I have faced two problems on this phone so far and of-course no longer i have the problem. You will see why a few lines below :( Prob1: It hangs so many times when i receive the call.I have to restart no other go. Tried upgrading to latest software still no luck Prob2: Hardware crashed. That is why i said no more a problem. The stupid thing is that the device failed just 10 days after the one year warranty expired. It is more like a time bomb. I went on searching for a service center and finally found one. In a city like Bangalore, I have to travel more than 10 KMs for an LG Service Center for this stupid phone. After all service center guy said "Hardware Crashed". How much to repair? 8K!!! Ohh Ghosh.... my 15K phone is such a sheer waste. I could get Samsung S Duos at 8K price... why to repair.... Verdict: Never go for any LG products if you want peace of mind. I had same experience with another LG Product, a Washing Machine. You know after 8 years they stop support and they wont provide spare parts for a 20+K priced machine. Now the call is yours guys.....
This is my first review. I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 and I bought this phone for my mom. Definitely I was not even looking for cheap built micromaxes and karbonns. Now I have used it quite a bit to write an appropriate review. Surely Samsung knows better in terms of usability and features. Though it is not apt to compare a high end phone with mid range one, but this comparison gave me a perpective. Pros : 1. Touch is good. 2. good phone if you are a dual sim user. 3. great battery life. after an average day usage, the battery remains at 50-60 % available. but surely this number can vary depending upon use. 4. not for gamers though, but definitely not bad. (I truly don't understand the term gamer for an android phone user) 5. Ram is average, 300 Mb always available. (My galaxy S3 shows only 200 mb ram free, this is better than that) 6. resolution is good. Watching a high resolution movie on this phone was a good experience. 7. I found Quick memo feature quite fascinating. Cons: 1. the 4th capacitive touch button on the bottom panel to switch between the dual sim is quite irritating. How often will a dual sim user even use this option? 2. capacitive touch menu is not backlit 3. Definitely not meant for someone who uses only one sim but still planning to buy this phone 4. It gets heated up and many a times even does not allow to increase the brightness. A message pops up "Cannot increase brightness because of high temperature". This is undoubtedly a very unsmart feature. 5. Camera is not upto the standard. The photo quality is not good. Samsung 8 MP camera is far far better than this one. Infact a samsumg 5 MP camera (galaxy Core) is much better than this 8 MP. Night mode is something you would never turn on. 6. Speakers are not good. The sound cracks at high volumes, 7. Even though I said, touch is good, the responses many a times are not as expected. May be because I am used to galaxy S3. 9. Lastly, accessories are not readily available. It took me a while to search a flip cover for this mobile like a samsung one. buy this phone only if you are a dual sim user. keep an average expectation, as it is a mid range phone. This phone is good, at its price, but definitely could have been better.
Bought this mobile 3 days back from a local vendor @14.5k, free leather journal cover offered by the company itself. Pros: Mid range smartphone with all essential features. Good sleek look with decent size (not too big or too small a smart phone) Dual SIM (stand by) feature perfectly fine. Only one SIM can be used in used for 3G at a point of time. Resolution is very good with buttery smooth touch experience. Dual Core ARMv7 Processor with Adreno 203 GPU, 768MB RAM Hot Key to switch SIM with color indication of 2 SIM (a very useful feature) Quick memo key (an useful feature if one uses) Very good battery back up. I have managed even upto 42 hrs with 2 SIM moderate call/sms/3G down loads (Tweaked some of the apps and used preloaded battery saver). Cons: No back-light in home/back keys - one gets habituated. No ambient light sensor. Speaker sound is low. camera is ok. getting Screen guard/ cover difficult. not for gamers No HD recording Recommendation: Anybody requires decent dual SIM mobile around or below 15K go for it. NB. There are some reviews that this phone hangs with some benchmark program like Nenamark2 or the back key fails to respond but in my case nothing happened like that.
Dear Friends, This is the 3rd mobile i'm purchasing from the most genuine site : FLIPKART, I have Ordered the mobile on 9-May-13 and i have received the product on the next day. As usual "Lightening Fast" shipping from Flipkart. Coming to the Mobile ------------------------ * Mobile looks awesome with great features and with a good battery backup * New Buyers i would request you to go for WHITE color, It looks great than the Black color. * The most interesting part of this mobile is its Camera which comes with a voice controlled option. * Flipkart is providing a sealed box with Free Protective case (which is of Rs 500/- worth). So no need to buy a new case. Please note : ============= If you purchase this mobile within May 15th then by default you will get a discount of Rs 750/-. ie. Actual mobile price : Rs 14,990/- Discounted price : Rs 14,240/- Flipkart is providing such a good opportunity so don't miss it !! Buy with confidence !!
This phone is very good , if we look at the price compared to others, I got this in 14K, that too With free CASE, it is clearly written on the box of this phone that CASE is free. No battery issue, no performance issue. Thanks LG Camera is awesome.
I am using this mobile since last 2 months . It is aesthetically a beautiful piece , strong and sturdy . Display is good. Watching movies is a pleasure on it. Internet 7.2 Mbps - gives high speed access. Battery back up is very good and lasts about 1 to 1.5 day. It has 2 normal sized sim cards. Last but not the least - purchasing it from flipkart is a really good experience - good packing and very fast delivery. Follow up ( 3.6.2014 ) - very good handset . Fallen twice from my hand - No damage seen.
Recently i bought this after lot of research on most of the sites, and I was right It's the best dual sim phone in this price range with this specification like 4.3 inch screen, 8 mp camera (but its not too good) and the most thing its battery backup which is superb. Abt cons 768 MB RAM its the worst thing in this phone, so if u want to play Asphalt airborne than buddy u never win any race in ur life ;)
Hi, I recently upgraded from my 2 cells sony erricsson 810i ( masterpiece ) & Samsung wave s8500 to a dual sim phone with android. And trust me after using these 2 legend phones it was making my choice of a replacement very difficult. Did lots of research, saw Panasonic p51, Samsung grand, Quattro, the micromax, Karbons etc but finally rested with Lg optimus l7ii. Been using it for past 4 days and now putting my reviews. Pros: ??? Perfect size of phone for single hand use ??? Big size screen , with wonderful colour resolution ??? Great battery life , lasts me a cool 1 ½ days with more than average us ??? Wonderful function to switch between 2 sims , making it very handy ??? Wonderful camera , trust me ive used s8500 which had one of the best camera and this one at 8mp is better , video at 720*480 is also good ( but camera could be better) ??? Lg has some useful additions inbuilt ??? Played subway surfer etc with no lag at all ??? Call Sound quality is loud, and so is the speaker ??? Music playback is AWESOME with DOLBY. ??? Great price at 13100/- ??? What more do u need in a smart phone! ??? DEFINTITELY A VALUE FOR MONEY PROPSITION Cons: ??? Screen brightness in outdoors needs to be manually increase as no automatic light sensor is present ??? Back cover not easy to find in the market ??? no lights on the bottom panel, using in dark is a slight problem ??? Nothing really else which I did not find upto the mark I expected. Rgds
who said that not supported for heavy game..i like to tell you that fifa 14, D day, virtua tennis, ducati challenge ...running smoothly in this mobile. so please do not spread rumors...
Lg phone is good . i am giving it 4 star. Holds in one hand perfectly. Those who complaining about old hardware just go to near LG shoppee and experience it first then comment. Buttery smooth operation. RAM 200 MB+ always been free. Good camera. My every friend laughs at me first as I bought LG phone but after using it they are stunned. i am quite happy with the device.
Phone is really good.But this phone comes with freebies (flip cover-which is clearly written in box cover) and flipkart is not providing it..It is suppose to be a ,genuine LG flip cover,which is not at all available in the market and it may cost at least 1500,.When i contacted flipkart they said i can return the product else 200 Rs cash back.I opted 200 Rs cashback as i badly need a phone.Am totally disappointed by this deal as i searched many shops in Bangalore for a flip cover and i ended up in paying 500 Rs for just a back cover.
Have been a NOKIA user all this while, and this is my first Android phone. My Requirements: 1. Good Battery Life so that I dont have to charge it often 2. Data Connection ( 2G ) on all the time, used primarily for checking email and short responses 3. Decent Camera, primarily Still Camera; Video only for very short videos 4. No requirements of playing Games other than say a Fruit Ninja / Bejeweled only once in a week for 15 minutes on an average 5. Average Talk Time in the day is 1 hour Evaluation: 1. Just about right performance for my requirements 2. Battery Life though advertised as 2460 mAh, still needs me to recharge it every day after 12 hours. I believe my usage is not that demanding. NOKIA used to last 2 days ! I believe all Android phones suck battery anyways. 3. The Battery % shown is very erratic.e.g. Once it is charged 100%, when I unplug it, it drops down to 93% quickly...:( 4. Sometimes, with a Game like Bejewelled and Fruit Ninja, the response is sluggish, but, for me it doesnt matter 5. The Camera is decent. I like the feature where it clicks the picture with you saying "Smile", or "Cheese" etc. You dont need to click / touch .. 6. The Launcher buttons are not lit, but, one gets used to it 7. Dual SIM operation is quite nice and easy, with one touch button provided for swap Overall, this is probably just the right phone for my usage, for the price I paid. The White color is surely better than the black one!
I've been using it for a month now and it's really great. True, it gets heated as many others have commented. And it does not have backlight for its buttons, but I hardly care now that I'm accustomed to the buttons. With Jelly Bean 4.1.2, an 8 MP cam, the lovely white color, and the not-too-big size of 4.3 inches, it's a good budget buy. :)
Bought this mobile before a month from Flipkart.... A pretty decent one I would say...There are more pros with less cons when it comes to this price range. I'm not mentioning the pros much here since I don't know the competing models (S duos, Grand, Experia E and Chinese re-branded models) possess those or not. Still I would like to mention why I didn't go for Samsung Grand or Quattro. 1) The mobile is very handy. I always believe a mobile should fit in your hand and it shouldn't be difficult to take out from your pockets. 2) The battery backup should be decent. I'm not suggesting Samsung models have a poor backup, but the 2600 mAH batter might be doing a better performance in case of L7II. The Cons (These are pointed out because I had all these in my previous mobile): 1) There is no option to change the ringing volume option to a constant one rather than an ascending one. I like to hear the ring aloud from the 1st ring itself, not after a couple of rings. I expect LG will fix it in their next update. 2) I first thought it as one of the major advantage in buying this mobile, but now I don't really feel so:(....The SIM Swap button given is a disappointment to me. It would have been better to include both SiM option in the dialer application itself. It usually happens to me get changed my selected SIM without my notice and the call getting placed from a wrong SIM 3) Unable to add more than 5 home screens. It should have been better if we had atleast 7 home screens. 4) There is a lag in scrolling the pages while using online applications such as Quora, NDTV, Wikipedia etc. Keeping all this cons in mind also, I would still recommend this phone. I am not a gamer and I use my mobile mainly for the calls,messaging, reading articles, news and listening to music. I was using a Karbonn mobile earlier and this mobile is very much reliable when compared to the earlier one (at least I feel so:)) I would suggest this mobile to everyone who is looking for something reliable, easy to use and definitely not a gamer.
proccessor is toooo bad .. no hd play back.. camera not good but avg......... pls do nt purchase this mble phone , this mble work very slow ................. .............................................................................................................
This is a totally a crap. a thin plastic back cover. Looks like a toy phone, not supporting clear videos.. while playing audio skips the track. No at all happy with the phone. Retuning it within an hour of purchase
I have been using this phone last 8 months. I was happy for 7 months because of the stunning performance of the phone. Now its battery drawing very quick. It will work only 2 to 3 hours when charge is 100 % even when i switch off most features and very low brightness. It is overheating. Some times the working is very slow. My wife also had one LG P5 phone. That also got complaint within the guarantee period. That is frequently disconnecting from network.There is no authorised service centre in my place ( Calicut,Kerala). So i am very disappointed with LG products. So i strictly recommend to not buy LG mobiles.
I bought this phone on last march . Most of time while traveling it totally loses signal for second sim and u need to restart the phone and above all the below part of the touch screen is not working now... My suggestion is not to go for this LG product.
I have been using the LG L7 II dual for about a year and a half now. Though impressive in the beginning, the phone just lost charm as it aged. I faced lots of issue with phone not responding, touch keys not working, frequent network disconnections and various other problems. Games and UI lag quite a lot. However, the dual sim feature is quite unique with colour coding. Overall, a nice experience with this at the beginning. However, became a nightmare as it aged.
This is really awesome to use and cheap compared to other brands! Battery backup is great! Only problem what i face is suddenly while playing games the mobile is hanging since it has only 712 MB ram.
Best Phone in its category, Long lasting battery, Good 3G speed, Nice camera, Sleek Design , better than expectations
Really liked the phone. Has a great battery life. Best for medium usage. Bought it for my wife. She only needs facebook, whatsapp, decent camera. Voice quality is better than her old Sony Xperia Go. Also I like the quick reply SMS feature.
I bought this mobile 2 months ago . Camera is good , but the games like temple run, subway surfers does not work properly. If you are looking for a gaming mobile don't buy this.
Best mobile in 12500 , all features is great ,beautiful shaped using from 7 month and very satisfied
Quite a good phone for the price! Since the launch of Nexus 5, LG has witnessed increased brand value indeed. Pros: 1. Sleek and lightweight. 2. Preinstalled apps are less unlike other brands (Samsung) where most of the apps preinstalled are useless to a normal user. 3. Good interface, smooth and stable. 4. Good amount of RAM available. Multitasking upto 5 - 6 apps, then it starts lagging. Cons: 1. Bad battery life. People who wish to use their phones continuously may find it difficult to manage. I'd say no for this phone if you run a business/get loads of calls/do 3g messaging. Althogh its bad, this can be fixed by using a portable charger. 2. Android 4.1.2 - phones in this range have even got 4.2 and above already. LG must provide software updates. 3. Not a great camera - the 8MP camera takes good photos for daily use, but it lacks the quality that LG should have provided. Images look like 5MP. 4. Accessories are difficult to find in shops. You can get them in Flipkart. Overall a great phone for first time Android users. Not recommended for power users, High-End gamers (those which need great graphics - Temple Run and stuff work flawlessly. NFS Most Wanted works fine too).
Its feature and very thing is good but the phone is getting heat often, that one i am feeling as negative remaining all are fine.
Got this for my father and by all means this is an excellent phone!!! Could not believe the number of options available, does most of the things a smart phone does plays videos clearly on that crisp excellent display and also good screen size. Rock solid battery 2450 mah that's more than some high end phones out there!! Good call quality and some crisp and sharp pictures as well on that 8MP Camera. I have gone through all the options i.e. below 13000 INR and this is the only one which is great and all round performer. Haven't used for intense gaming but most games load, don't expect ridiculous high graphics games to run, that's not what a mid-ranger does. Overall a great phone on all aspects, would recommend anyone on a budget to pick this up
Great phone very light weight at just 120 gms awesome Good camera It even has the same feature as in galaxy s3 for which samsung did so many commercials and that is the front camera monitors ur eyes and if look anywhere else phone screen is locked awesome....very easy to switch btw SIMs...great features at this price...LG is good value for money brand to go for...extremely satisfied...found no lag in phone till date it's a dual core 1 GHz and it's simply awesome and I m giving this review after using iPhone 5 ya I use iPhone 5 as my main mob and I m impressed like anything with this mobile just awesome
Flipkart service is good, i got in 2 days after my brother booked it Have used the phone for a month now Definitely not a bad phone but can be much better Pros Very compact Phone and can easily be held Can be slipped into a normal shirt pocket Music sound and Headphone quality is superb Cons Battery drains very fast until 60% and stays until 1.5 to 2 days Very slow and sloppy browsing Call blocking feature is not available in OS (may have to use an App)
After much research, I decided on this phone, as I did not want to spend too much while at the same time wanted to have majority of the features of a typical android phone. This is my first smart phone, upgraded from Nokia E5, hence, it is not a disappointment. The phone delivers basic functionalities and much more. However, do not compare with S4/S3 etc.,
I purchased this phone 1 week before. During this one week i am happy with the experience. Battery lasting upto one day for normal use. Plus: Touch is very smooth. Very good processing speed, no lags. Very good display. Stylish. GPS is working fine Neg: Camera is not satisfied, looks like 3 MP.
Had purchased this mobile for my dad as Samsung duos was expensive at 21k and when compared had almost all the features. Don't regret my decision a bit.
i got this mobile last month, according to me look- not that much good finish camera- 8MP camer very good,comparing other mobiles touch-good battery-excellent performance,stands for 2 and half days without internet,with normal usage of internet stands for 1.5 days which is very good comparing other mobiles DISADVANTAGES *ram is only 768MB but performance is good even when many apps are opened *light is not provided in the back and menu *auto brightness is not there ADVANTAGES *extra button on the left side in which any apps can be assigned *camera is excellent *quick memo is provided *face detection is perfect * IPS Display is attractive *battery backup is very good *audio which includes Dolby which is really good *software update can be done directly in your phone-kit kat update on the way overall i felt really good after purchasing the mobile, comparing other mobiles i am sure that it is the best choice..............
I bought this Optimus l7 and i am happy with this product since then. LG is m=now showing their muscles in India after their success in Nexus and Optimus series phones. If u are not using data connection, the battery will last for 3 days, with internet all the time, the battery will last to 2 days with no fuss. The screen is the best under 20,000 range of phones only Lumia IPS display can compete with it. Unlike Galaxy AMOLED display, the IPS is showing natural true colours, which is more pleasant to the eye. LG phones are more better than theNokia, HTC, Micromax, Karbonn, and Gionee. Samsung and LG are almost the same korean hardware setup . LG is more advanced in innovative design and display screen engineering.
I have been using this mobile for 2 months. I purchased this from other shopping site . Pros : 1. Nice and clear display 2. Camera 8 mp is better (though little) than galaxy grand 8 mp camera. 3. very smooth interface. My sony expeia J friend user also said the same. Camera is way better than experia J 4. Good battery life. 5. Quickmemo app in this phone is good. 6, very light weght, 7. very strong network reception and call quality. It has noise cancellation microphone on upper side which helps our voice to be heard clearly on other side. Whie chargin the phone keep it charged for 15 min even after fully charged. Otherwise battery discharges about 25 % in 30 min even if not used. Cons : 1. While it is light in weight it seems sone build quality is missing. 2. HD videos wont be played, 3. little low internal memory. Apps cant be tranfetrred to Sd card, Overall a very ggod smartphone for the price. I am happy with it.
I am a user of this phone and m wrirting this review aftr 1 month of use and the phone is just simply awesome... Everything works best . IF U ARE GOING TO BUY A MICROMAX CANVAS I SUGESST U TO HAVE A LOOK ON THIS PHONE TOO &THEN DECIDE Camera....4.5 Stars UI..........4 stars Battery LIfe.....4.8 stars (2 days back up normal use) Design....4 stars Music.....4.5 BRowsing....4.5 GAmes... 4.7 (Subway Surfers ONLY) Over all a 4.7 star PIECE IN SHORT A PERFECT ! 1 ! ;)
1. Sleek and handy 4.3 inch mobile. It can be operated by single hand. 2. Battery 2450 mAh: Runs for 2 days, awesome. Compare the same with Samsung Mobiles (always under rated): one reference is Samsung Grand, with a 5 inch screen and the battery just 2100 mAh, the same gets vanishes within 12 hrs and Samsng Glxy S Duos S7562 with screen 4 inch and battery 1500 mAh. 3. RAM ~ 756 MB and generally ~ 188 MB is always free. 4. Light Weight 120 gm: compare the weight of Samsung Grand 5. Org Equip Mnfr: is same for LG & Samsung, only the tag is different. 6. OS : JB compared to ICS in Samsng Glxy S Duos S7562 7. Better processor 8. Many pre-installed applications. 9. Leather Flap + Back Cover available with the pkg which is made in KOR.
This Phone is full on for me and everyone because of its features. Best Battery Backup. Latest Android Version, Good Camera, All Android Apps support it Best Audio Clearity, Duel sim is best feature of this phone Hance it good, Every one go for it...
using the phone for 1 month.too good for this price,screen quality very good compared to other phones in the same price range e.g samsung phones.camera as good as iphone 4 have to say very good phone.you will not regret buying it
Pros: 1.RAM 2.Dual Core processor 3.LG Service Support both online & Offline 4.Beautiful Mobile Case 5.LG Softwares & apps are better than all other INDIAN brands 6.Light Weight & easy to hold 7.Best Camera quality for This price even better than LG Optimus L9 8.Awesome Battery Life 9.Quick Memo & Qslide application from LG Cons: 1.Touch is second best to Samsung Grand 2.Lack of backlight for home button. Try search internet for best rates
I'm willing to buy this phone but I'm not sure if this phone has gorilla glass? Can anybody answer me? One more thing I'm interested in knowing is if the mobile cover is included in the box. I'm not great fan of LG but seems LG is doing good in the market. If anyone can help me out for my query, I'll be glad. Or else I need to look out for new phone.
Bought this phone after a month of Research across ALL brands. And its around 10 Days of usage i had and this phone has withstood my expectation. I was a bit skeptical abt the RAM of 768 and memory but no complaints now, Its wrkng gr8. For those still not convinced, few negatives:-) Touch Experience a shade lower than HTC, Samsung. Getting Accessories may be tough. But a matter of time. In short nothing to complain about.
Excellent product from LG.. Guys you will not believe this the screen resolution rocks.. Camera cannot be rated as the best but good for this price range.. extra-ordinary battery back up.. the perfomance can be given 5 stars.. simply go for it.. If you want something which rocks for 15k.. go for the white one according to me it is having a rich look as it is having chrome finish too
Pros:- 1) Excellent Touch while messaging and applications open / close response. 2) Very Amazing Battery Life where i got for Two days with out data network and brightness of 100%. 3) Has Fabulous loudspeaker and ear speaker very clear in noisy environment though. 4) UI is very cool and also very good appearance 5) Mobile has quick short cut button on left above the volume button to note any sort of quick memo, doesn't matter what ever u keep on doing on the screen. Memo will pop up and can note any of the information very quickly. this short cut is editable and also can be changed. 6) clock screen is very cool and has customized buttons along with the calendar/date / time . Cons:- a) No Led display light for the Home, Menu, dual slim and options key placed on the bottom. b) Camera is not so very good, We can say ok ok .. c) FLash is very bad, very bad. Over all with my hands on experience i can say very good budget phone along with the specs as it comes with. 1 GHz, Dual Core WVGA, 480 x 800 Pixels IPS Display, Pinch-to-Zoom Li-Ion, 2460 mAh 768 MB RAM
