MOBDMZYAWCB5MMGR
Its only one week I am with my second smartphone panasonic T11, my first one was samsung galaxy ace. So I can only compare T11 with ace. The interesting thing is I paid 4000 Rs less for my T11 than the ace(8900 for T11 and 12500 for Ace). But I got a ram which is 4 times that of ace(256MB in ace), 4 times the storage (ROM, only 158 MB in ace) , 4 inch screen (3.5 in ace), a 1.2GHz quad processor while in it was only 800MHz. Thanks for the technologies. After long research only I buy this phone. So many options was there in my hand, below I am listing those options and why I didn't go for that. 1. Sony xperia M-(Almost Same configuration as T11, but only 1GHz processor and cost is 4000 higher than T11 ) 2. XOLO play- acutually I reached the payment page of XOLO play, was so much interested in the nvidia processor (But was not satisfied with the brand) 3.Nokia Lumia 620- (First and the main thing is not android, and the 2nd is the RAM only 512MB) 4. Micromax canavs HD A116- One of my friend is having micromax he is satisfied with its performance (Cost wise its on the higher side, I was not interested in BIG SCREEN) I didnt tried for samsung (They got enough money from me- I think I am a communist) Now coming to the point: Look wise T11 is having a classic feel, when I shown to my friends every one was impressed by the look. I am having a full black one, me too impressed by the classy look. T11 looks strong because of the chrome finishing in its sides. Performance wise its proves that the configuration whatever in the book is true. Absolutely brilliant. Till now friends I never feel a lag in T11 (thanks for the RAM). He is a brilliant performer. Screen wise T11 is not as good as my ace (Must remember its a gorilla glass in ace and TouchWiz), sometimes I felt some miss match in the sensitivity. But its not that much to worry. Some lags I felt in my ace also. Battery, this is the area where T11 disappoints, 1500mAh does not drain, its actually rains like a monsoon when I am gaming in T11. For a 1.2 quad core 1500mAh is not enough I guess. In full charge also Du Battery (An android application for battery management) shows 17 hr remaining. Truly I don't know about the battery backup of other smartphones which are currently available in market. When compared to my ace which was having only 1350 mAh this is less(Less processor speed and less display size should be noticed), so I bought one power bank (But not used till now). So overall I am satisfied with my PANASONIC T11, my suggestion is if you are frequent traveler, this is not the phone for you only because of the battery backup. But you if need a smart performer for a small budget then you are at the correct place. NOTE: You wont get 1 GB RAM below 10000Rs for any other brand. (This I am writing on 11 October 2013 don't know what happens tomorrow). Foot note: I am still having my samsung galaxy ace, now he is safe with my wife and she use to complain that I always use the new one, I think that is true.
This is the worst phone ever had or seen. Excessive heating problem could not be handled / repaired by the (?) service points. Please don't purchase ANY product of Panasonic. Their after sales service is very poor.
I purchased T11 in March this year, and phone started showing problems in few days. The receiver sound was very bad, and always had this crackling noise from start. Few days back it gave away, and niether the ear receiver, not the loud speaker was working. Battery backup was extremely poor, and even after night long of charging it still only charged half. There were really major issues with phone, which I never expected from a brand like Panasonic. I only chose Panasonic though it is new in mobile arena, only believing it would better than other OEM chinese phones that Micromax, KArbonn, Spice etc sell. Little I knew Panasonic is doing nothing different. To top on this I am extremely appaled by poorest customer service from their Service Center - Shree Services, Patil Plaza. I had given this phone on 5th August (Job Card : KJASPMH498814K1905), and today been 11th August - still there is not a single call from the center in regards to what the problem was, and whether its resolved, and whether I should collect or not I tried on the numbers 02069331234 and 9158009892 - it is seldom answered and attended by very unprofessional staff. Nobody gives a definite answer of whats going on. I am totally disappointed by the product and by the service. For sure, I will never buy Panasonic phones again.
Bought this phone on 30-11-2013 from day one there were problems in the phone. WiFi would get disconnected again and again ocons on home screen would move by it self or get deleted, sometimes call answer slider wont work, alarm wont stop. 1gb RAM my foot its around 780 only and as per reviews the battery is a BIG nonsense it wont last for 2 hours on data and again heats up too much if you use this phone for 8 to 10 minute. Bad phone from a brand like PANASONIC a MNC having roots in JAPAN. My xolo Q800 works far better than this phone. T11 has good built quality, nice looks and also feels good - but the hardware it sucks & last very very average phone at a cheap price. Go for Indian Brands Cheap and Good
I am using this phone from past 2 months. This is my first Smartphone. I preferred this than other smartphones of 15-25k, because technology is changing day by day and after 1 or 2 years even this phone will be outdated and hence i felt it to be unnecessary to spend extra. Coming to Pros & Cons: Positive+ +Works without lag +Looks attractive +Display is colourful and bright +Decent screen size +Sensitive enough to touch +Everything else works similar to how android works on other phones (Minor deviations are negligible) Negative- -Camera quality is average -Worst Battery & takes 3 hours to charge -Default head phones are of bad quality -Unavailability of any case or cover (Searching from past 2 months) -Build doesn't seem to be strong (My previous phone SE W200i has fallen a no. of times, but nothing had happened. But this i feel is not so strong)
If you use Mobile data or Wi Fi within few seconds this phone start heating. Another problem is very very poor battery back up. Without using Mobile Data( GMS mode) and Wi Fi it will give you 1 day battery back up but if you use Mobile Data or Wi Fi then Bhagwan hi malik hai. Took a lot of time to Charge up.
After a lot of research on the internet, I finally purchased this phone and I am happy with my decision. There are lots of choices in this range but very few would match this item in terms of build quality and features and brand assurance. I have been using it for a week now and without any issues. I list below some of the pros and cons of the phone. Pros: 1. excellent build quality and great design. 2. IPS display is excellent 3. touch sensitivity is good 4. Speaker is loud and clear. No issues in hearing ringtone in busy/market areas 5. No call drop and signal reception is also very good 6. can handle any application with ease. thanks to quad core processor and 1 GB ram. 7. it is a sleek phone (9.5mm) thick 8. absolutely no lags in navigating though contacts/settings/homescreens etc. 9. gaming experience is good 10. fits very well in hand and grip is good. 11. GPS starting time is very short. Now for the cons: 1. 1500 mah battery. needs frequent recharging 2. battery charges very slowly. 3. No flip cover available in market for the model 4. heats up a little while playing games, but maybe that is due to the processors. but can live with it. There are numerous models available at this price point from local companies, however not sure about the build/performance. I would have rated the product 5 starts but for negative marks for the battery.
i bough this mbl before 12 days. this phone giving very worst battery back up. whenever i enable Data or start game immediately start to heat. not able to handle the phone in hand. Second thing for the same data and games the battery is not capable to managed not even for 1 hour. these are the worst very worst experience from this product. other than this all are fine in config wise. ...
Good Hardware but lacks battery power. Camera is fine in daylight, there is no detail in the photo clicked by this camera. Go for MOTO-E instead of this phone,
i bought this phone and have been using it for the past one month. This is one of the best budget phone now in market. it has some superb features and some cons as well. PROS: 1.Performance - with Quad core processor and 1GB RAM this one is a monster. and don't think of this as a luxury..you'll get to know this when you use this. 2.Good Display - 4 inch IPS screen is perfect 3.Good Looks - it's very sleek and the body has a solid look. the chrome lining adds a classic look 4.Brand - this is of course for those who care about brands. the Panasonic brand itself makes a good impression. CONS: 1.Battery - the 1500 mAh battery is no where near sufficient. An average user can use it for one whole day. But if you're a gamer or avid surfer, this one will disappoint you. we need at least 2000 mAh for a phone like this. 2.Camera- for day light shooting it is okay but using a flash it is below average. and no option to turn off camera sound..!! 3.Heating - gets heated up very fast while using Wi-Fi. Plug in for charging and use wi-fi, you got yourself a mini room heater..!! 4. Android- most basic android with zero customisations. there is no default calendar application
4 GB ROM is also very insufficient... no question of playing game with such low battery backup.... At present i have shut 3G off for saving the phone from shutting down...
This phone start heating while charging, data uses and long talks. Very very poor battery back up. Takes lot of time for charging. You cant buy cover for this phone.
The phone is good performance wise. Very fast and smooth but....... -Battery is horrible. -Heats up very quickly -Does not respond some times -Screen is not smooth and is very hard to use.And it is very weak -Memory is not good -Camera is plain bad -Overall hardware(buttons, frame) is bad -Speaker is Ok -Very hard to find protection (cases and screen gaurds) Overall below average performance.
Buy a Panasonic Phone..only if you plan to throw it after you face any problem. The big Panasonic Brand is supported in India by a little unknown company " Jaina Marketing India", which basically imports crab phones from china and markets in India with Karbon brand name. I purchased one Panasonic T-11, thinking that it must be backed by big brand name " PANASONIC" which is consider at par with SONY. But, I was so much disappointed with the service support provided by "Jaina" that even 40 days has passed but my phone has not yet been repaired. Every week end I run to their service center to get it repaired but there is no reply from them. If I would have knew that Panasonic phones are serviced by Karbon mobile, then I would have never bought this phone. Total wastage of money.
Hello Friends, don't buy this mobile, I have purchased this mobile before 10 months ago. I have submitted this mobile three time(made call means mobile goes to DELHI) at service center but mobile SD card problem as it is. Problem is : SD card removed successfully. Services center executive said mobile will not replace any condition, we will only repair. So be care full about Panasonic mobile Thanks
Not recommended. This model heats up with moderate usage forget about using other heavy features. Buy with a word of caution. Instead buy Panasonic LED but avoid mobile.
battery backup drasicly lower down when u start using any apps or calling. heated very much. i recomend wait for company any replacement made with this phone be good for all.
Pros:fast user interface and no lag at all Cons:gets heated and sometimes get restarted plus battery is very poor
I purchased this mobile last year on NAVRATRI but i am not satisfied with this model. After using this mobile i am not satisfied with it. It drains fast if your internet connection working for 1 hour your battery will drain from 99% to 60%. Big problem is over heating. Due to over heating you can't put mobile near your ear and many time it is very hard to put on hand. Over heating occurs backside near camera body and front side on phone speaker. Since purchase more than two months my mobile is in Service Center from Ahmedabad to Delhi Head office of Panasonic but same problem persist...
I bought this phone from Croma. This is my first smartphone and I really like this. Build quality is superior. Image quality is marvelous. Look and feel is great. music is awesome with both speaker and earpiece. It comes with 1.2 GHz processor so performance is great and not lagging while using heavy apps. Rear camera quality is very good. Cons: 1. Battery drains quickly 2. It heats up little bit while playing Games but that's obvious with high-speed processor. 3. Flip Cover is not available in the market. The only one case cover I found on Ebay and I am comfortable using it. Overall, I recommend this smartphone who wish to buy smartphone under 10K with great performance, trendy look and feel with international brand
Fastest performance when compared with other of same price range; Excellent for Multi-tasking; Amazing camera.. picture clarity is fabulous; Touch response is simply superb; Music player is good means excellent clarity; Functioning of blue tooth is beyond my expectation; E-mail & net surfing is super fast; Really I am amazed with Panasonic T11 as it is performing beyond my expectations
Very Poor battery life 2. After every restart mobile automatically turns into 3g mode though before restart it is in 2G mode 3. wifi hot spot not working properly 4. Poor launcher (Hide app is missing) 5. Camera having some problem it shows not able to connect camera
I am using this phone for the past 3 months (it was not listed in flipkart then and had to be purchased from panasonic showroom) and i agree with the reviews written here so far. Pros: 1.2 Quad core processor & 1 GB RAM No lags in performance and Decent built quality Sound is clear and Display is bright Cons: Battery- 1500mA only means fast discharging when using 3G. But for this price u cant expect everything. If u want a 5 inch screen, gorilla glass, good picture quality from camera, 2000 mA battery then choose panasonic P11 which costs ~14K, again the cheapest among the branded ones in that category.
good phone... i loved it, nvr hangs ... but battery, dsnt drain, but rains... only sucking part is battery although it is gud.... i luvd it
I bought this phone 10 days back after some research. I preferred a good performing dual sim phone, a reasonable phone camera with flash, and a good enough RAM and storage memory with budget near ten thousand. I hesitate a lot before placing order for this and even cancelled once before finally made up to go for this and placed order again. My pleasure it looked beautiful and It met all my expectations and effortlessly played whatever the games and apps I throw at it. I feel the areas it can't compete with those 40K phones are in camera, and internal storage. For me 1.4GB usable internal storage and expandable memory support with SD card is much more than enough. It also came with screen protector. Just place the phone on the table, even those 40K phones should shy for its sleekness, build quality, and classic appearance. No one can notice there is phone in my pocket, it's very slim and size is comfortable for holding it. I am extremely happy with the purchase. I feel Panasonic did a good job in making this phone.
The phone is excellent with the only cons of having a poor battery and camera. Jellybean runs nice and smoothly thanks to quad core processor and 1 GB RAM. In gaming, the phone is really good for its price with big 3d games such as D-day and virtua tennis playing without any real lag. Internal memory is not much but apps can be moved to SD card, so the memory is not an issue. Only issue which I am facing with the phone is 1) It restarts randomly once in a while which may be a jellybean issue or a issue with this specific handset. 2) Whenever I drop the phone ( from a small height on its back) on a hard surface, it restarts. Can someone who owns this phone verify whether they are facing the same problem or is there a problem with this handset only?
I bought this phone 15 days back for Rs 8200 with diwali cash back offer. Only issue i faced with this is Fast Battery draining(survives 10 hours after 100% charging) & It gets heated when we use net. I coudnt able to use net throught this 10 hours & games even for occasional becoz of its battery capacity. I got review about battery avg performance, knowingly i purchased it only due its"Panasonic brand". Panasonic Team has to look into it. Do the needfull Apart from these all the feature exceptionally well. Giving four star only because of high end features at this price range. If battery is good definitely i would give 5 point Overall Value Product for normal use at this budget category
This is very unique and trendsetting phone. I purchased this phone on durga pooja and it is giving me awesome results, its sound and picture quality is out of this world specially when it comes with amazing diwali offers !!!!! PANASONIC rocks !!!!!!!!
Heats up when downloading data (3G/Wifi) Slow charging - 2/3 hrs Ok battery backup - just for standby, it's great. If you use for 3g/wifi (data) - fast discharge. For calls - medium discharge For games - slow discharge (nice) Performance - Awesome (as good as HTC one X - I use it at times) Clean looks Perfect size Brilliant display Overall - performance is very good. Cam - I dont use it much - i think its ok..
I bought this mobile a week ago . As a first time android user, i found this phone quite good, but the battery is dragging the phone s performance. Also the phone keeps hanging quite often which is irritating. Might be , am only facing this problem. To sum it up, a true android phone with poor battery back up.
I have busy this phone today. Its really a nice phone. Look is also very good. Touch is clear and very easy.
