MOBCZQ5BUTBXHTCT
I had read the reviews before gifting this mobile to my relative and after 2 months it started giving problems. Profile is getting changed to headset mode automatically and you cant change it to general mode. So you have to receive calls on headset only and cant use in normal mode. Visited one of Micromax service center and repaired it. That guy was also telling this mobile has problems. So pl don't buy and waste your money on Micromax mobiles.
so the story begins like this..... Quite unexpected i got one free SIM through a scheme. And you know about human psychology ! ! it always wanted to use and check the freebees...so did i and for that i wanted 'one more'mobile ( one more becos I have one good expensive mobile with me already). So, I don't want to go for expensive one. Browsing thru flipkart helped me to get hold of "Micromax" - decent price and look wise. I placed the order and Hats off to the service done by Flipkart, they deliver it to me with all care. Great job Flipkart!!!.. "WOWWWW "was the only word that comes out of the mouth for ever viewer of my mobile..Friends, relatives, young and old every one liked this and me being a simple human being i even took the strong step to replace my expensive mobile with this not so expensive mobile...just becos of the great review i was receiving . And the stroy took complte U Turn better to say "W turn"..when its started to give me lot of troubles soon...( to be precise after one month). * Display problem * Poor Battery support * Automatic profile change...and many ... and last but not least hell of the time finding Micromax service station:( and without any second thought i switched back to my expensive phone again... I thought to write this review becos for many ppl out there this may be their first choice for gift or self use.Please read rather than repenting later. Rating time: Micromax For look :look wise awesome...everyone will admire. 8 out of 10 ( from young girls' point of view) As Mobile : very poor performance. 1 out 10 ( any techi will say) A big 'NO' if you want a mobile with quality performance. Think twice before buying this product. Cheers !
its a awesome mobile with hi speed internet facility its looking is nice and it have good camera small n sweet design modal nimbuzz twitter features are good. facebook opening give problem directly to one touch access.in opera mini qwerty keypad is not to be supported by application .Almost good feature back glass design is also best.diamond key is very nice.battery is gud and give some more best feature . so u can buy this without any doubt.
One of the Worst product that i have ever seen my life. pls don buy this damn phone as it has got problems for everything. it started giving trouble soon after my wife started using it. and their service is terrible....
Hey Guys, i wanted to gift something to my girl for her 23 birthday, after a long research i found this mast piece, i gifted this and she is so impressed,i cannot explain her happiness, the best part is she not letting me to touch at all,(bcoz i handle bit rough), now she got new name as "Bling Babe", she use this mirror in it for makeup, (He he he he he) she loves it, am So happy bcoz She is happy with the gift. remember white will look better than black, its girly mobile
This is especially designed for ladies. Not much features, as such ladies doesn't require those features. Product is good. I am happy with the product and the delivery with in 2 days. Good service by Flipkart. This was like an Dasara gift by Flipkart.
i have used this set for a year and half, it's very cute n i love it's pearl white colour, i did face some little problems, but never any major problem, this set does not contain so many features, but all that i needed, i never used internet, i only did texting, calling and listening to music. n one thing... it does not have silent mode but what you can do is download a silent ringtone from any good website and use that as your ringtone n put all the other things on silent too and boomb you have just created the silent profile yourself ;) :D if these are your requirement too, then you may go fir this mobile, but if you u are looking for more then i would not suggest this one
Just seeing the huge smile on my wife's face when she saw this phone was "Pasia Wasool" for me. This phone is not the most genius or an android or for that matter, is not even a smart phone. But still it delivers. It is a perfect design for the ladies. The Swarovski Crystals render a royal look to the phone. The turn-swivel open feature is really stylish. The QWERTY keypad is very easy to use. The phone even features a good quality mirror behind the screen (after you swivel it open). Nice and intuitive for the girls. It even has a neat velvet pouch for carrying the phone. It is aptly colored baby pink and white. The voice quality is good, the display is bright. The camera is OK, VGA quality. Radio is good. Opera browser with good network delivers well. Overall the phone delivers and does justice. Flipkart service was amazing; the phone was delivered without any defects or damages. Gift it to your wife or girlfriend. She will simply adore it. Thanks Anirban
very delicate not at all good. worst battery back up. i am telling u that you will have to repair this phone atleast 5 to 6 times a year
it is a decent phone but the main attraction is its looks. To speak the truth it is working fine but the swarovsky crystal has come out and cannot be refixed, not the mention the bad servicing attitude.
this phone of mine broke in 2 months time and is not working any mor e.recomended not to buy this one
My wife had this phone earlier also..and unfortunately it was physically broken...so my wife did tried other phone in between but finally she asked again for this model only..Its simple and sweet....
Bought it for a friend.very attractive look.best battery back up. Best looking phone you can get at this price range.
This phone is not in sale these days. It is outdated. But we were looking for it and there you go, we found the seller. The pin which should be used to connect to computer thorough USB cable is not working. So I was disappointed and had to spend 350 INR to get it repaired. Was disappointed that it looks new but it is not.
Good & Cheaper for Ladies Cool, Simple, Good & Cheaper model in Dual SIM... Super Sexy One from MicroMax... Best One to GIFT for Girls..
I purchased this mobile for gifting purpose to my sister for her marriage. this is really good gift, I surprised my sister by giving this gift. As her old mobile is also same, she got excited.
I bought it from Flipkart, I got genuine product. The phone is simply superb. This phone is idle for female.
Do not expect too much from this set. Its a very pretty, girly phone. The "bling" element actually has some value :) but there are serious voice issues with the phone. The voice quality is bad. Signal reception is good, battery life is good, looks are awesome. But I guess a fair deal for 3k so I cant complain really but yeah other options in the same range can definitely be considered.
I purchased this mobile in a local store for 3500/- (in 2011) and gifted it to my girl.. She just loved the phone, she has nothing much to do with a mobile except for calls and messaging......... However even girls bother about the camera quality and internet, which this mobile lacks....!!! It has a mirror at it's back and it is rotatable flip mobile, not the flip that moves up, but the flip that rotates.....these two were the only things to talk about in this mobile and these two are the only things that contributed to the looks of the mobile(even the buttons on the mobile are awesome that are made of crystals).. I would suggest to buy this mobile only as a gift to a girl who requires a mobile only for "CALLS" and "MESSAING" purpose.....
Worked good for almost a month, later the display started having issues. Now my little baby uses the phone as a mirror while playing
1. Unique look, phone but looking like a jewellery for women. 2. Light weight. 3. Good battery backup. 4. Low charging time. 5. Easy to use. 6. Expandable memory. 7. Box pack is awesome like jewellery box. 8. Unbelievable pricing make it value for money.
I have purchased it for my Aunt. It is a very good mobile specially designed for women. qwerty key board is nice. its look grt. battery back up is awesome. internet connectivity is very good. back side mirror is very suitable for ladies. again I just want to say I became FAN of FLIPKART. I always refer this site to online purchase. and also expressed my feeling to friends. FLIPKART online Mega Store is the best online shopping experience
ADVANTAGES : - NICE PRODUCT. NICE LADIES MOBILE. DUAL SIM BEST & FASTEST COURIER SERVICE ALWAYS PROVIDED BY FLIPKART. DISADVANTAGES:- POUCH IS NOT INCLUDED WITH THIS PRICE WHICH IS VERY SURPRISING MATTER. FLIPKART SHOULD THINK AND INTERFERE FOR THE SAME.
I purchased micromax bling Q55. It is really WORST MOBILE.MICROMAX HAS GIVEN ALL THE FACILITIES LIKE FACEBOOK TWITTER ETC. BUT DOESN'T WORK ...... VERY LESS SERVICE CENTRES SO BETTER DON'T GO FOR MICROMAX IF U STAY IN REMOTE AREA LIKE VILLAGE.... OPERA NOT WORKING PROPERLY ..... BATTERY SUPPORT LASTS FOR ONLY 4 TO 5 HOURS ....... MY ADVISE NEVER TO GO FOR THIS COMPANY WHILE YOU ARE INVESTING BETTER GO FOR SAMSUNG OR NOKIA AS FOR BOTH I HAVE BEST EXPERIENCE.... PUSHPENDRA 07600201301
I bought this mobile 2 days back. Its display gone. Now onward I will not believe on Micromax mobiles. I faced problem one year back also in another Micromax phone. So there is no need to be proud that its Made in India product. This is same as Made in China phones. Finally I would say, dont believe on Micromax phone. Worst phones ever.
Quick Delivery from FlipKart... awesome!!!! Phone for such a price,....thanks flipkart......nice phone....Micromax has really read the mind of girls....Ha ha ha!!!It has dual sim.....It would have been nice if phone had wifi....
Omg its awesome!! I m crazy fr displays.. n bling has awesome look.. total girly phone.. worth d price of 3k. Dual sim phone. U can access internet through Gprs facility. Fb n opera mini browser r in built. N the main thing was I got delivery in jst 2 days. But dont buy it if u want a smart phone. dis is not android. but I totally loved it coz u wont get more than this in jst 3k.. Keep Blinging... ;-)
first is the flipcart service is imaging and micromax bling is very qute mobile and small size my wife is huge smile and diomond key is very beautiful just like a good ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
i Buy this Phone Two Week Ago. good Service From Flipkart. i got it very Quickly.it Looks Very Stylish . but it has Feel as a Ladies Phone.it has a good 2g Service, No Youtube in it. good Look for this Price.
Bought this mobile from Flipkart for my wife and did a repeat order for my sister in law. Excellent service from Flipkart. But the phone has difficulty in low signal areas. The voice quality is also not that good. It is hard to hear the callers voice. Also the picture quality of the camera is horrible indoors. though the camera is a 2 MP shots quality is no where near it. Buy it only for vanity value!!
Not a good one Dose not support Youtube sometimes backlight remains ON until restart good for girlfriend as a gift what more your girl can expect only the style n looks not the features! think before buying this phone its only for style
That was a perfect gift for my wife.She became very happy by getting this nice looking phone.Simple uses are also make her smile.Hope,this product'll be a perfect gift for the ladies.All features are working perfectly till now.Display & Sounds are good.Camera is ok.That's why I rate this 5.
an awesome piece for girls ,though not much featured bt cant expect more for this price it works for a long time once charged i liked its type of sliding ,the main buttons made wit crystals give it a look
I gifted this for my mom bday. Within Six months display is gone. Micromax service center people took one month to fix that issue and really ruined the phone. Even for mild usage also buttons got weak. Not worth for 3000rs :(
I ordered this phone from Flipkart and they delivered it in 3 days.... To add more on to the product.. this Micromax Bling is a dual sim phone that has all the required features... which would allure any non-teachie.. the finish is fine and the sound quality is good.... A real value for money !!!!
The charger spoilt within 2 months. But the service centre for micromax wanted me to bring it to them which was 10km away and then send it for a replacement and call me again for it! If I had bought it from a local shop he would have done the replacement promptly.So I just bought another one locally which was delivered home!!
excellent product brand new.i have recived it after 2 days.safely packed god job flipkart.thankyou!
Excellent Service. I received the mobile in 48 hours, this is what I call the best & speedy online service. The mobile is small, petite & beautiful. Thank you Flipkart for such wonderful service.
I had a bit of trouble with the phone initially because it would not read my memory card. But after resetting to factory settings, it is working like a dream! I really do like this phone. The basic ease of use, soft keys, easy navigation actually make this a better phone than my earlier Samsung touch phone!
First note for very speedy delivery by flipkart. I have ordered this at Sunday late night and got it on Tuesday morning. Bling was designed only for girls, starting from pink pouch, swarovski elements as main navigational buttons, pink flavoured theme with jewellery icons. Simply a perfect gift to your loved ones
