MOBDJEXHRU4FRD9D
Delivery and Handling are immaculate with Flipkart. Got this in two days. I wanted to buy the Xperia Tipo. This one takes the cake. No snags, or drags. Very flexible phone with all kinds of apps. For a budget entry level android, this is the best, Jelly bean, 1ghz, 512 RAM, 4GB internal. The camera quality, video recording, and display resolution is just great for a budget phone. The LG team has worked really very hard on this one. The memo pad where in you can just scribble on wall paper screen is too terrific. Call blocker and Auto call record install very well for those who are looking for blacklisting and call recording respectively. Buttery smooth touch and crispy call clarity define this device. CON , The FRONT TOUCH BUTTONS (home, menu, options & dual sim) are NOT BACKLIT! In the dark its difficult to hit these basic keys. Nonetheless SUPER SUPER PHONE. ADD-1 googleplay says turbofly 3d is not supported. get this .apk file anywhere from google search and see how beautifully it runs on this phone. Same applies to certain other apps; Moral- Don't take googleplay's word for it!!(TRY SUBWAY SURFER TOO) ADD -2 This phone already has an in built "Call Reject" facility(call logs>call settings>common), which is just awesome, much better than any other call blocker app. For sms/spam block you only need an sms/spam block app. ADD -3 USE THE PHONE KEYBOARD TO TYPE SMS' its really great Settings>Language&Input>LG Keyboard(click the settings icon)>Input Language Type> English (..again click on the settings icon)>Phone Keyboard! ADD-4 Try 'Carousel' or 'Breeze' (default) for the 'screen swipe effect' in 'home screen settings'. Really lovely! ADD - 5 A simple trick to side load apps for this phone. Many apps are listed as incompatible by 'google play' especially some good games like 'turbofly' and 'where's my mickey'. One can easily get these .apk files from other sites and side load them (load via PC-USB onto SD and install from SD card). The problem with side loading apps/games is that sometimes the app/game "shortcut" does not get created on the home screen and it is not at all visible in the "app drawer/download drawer"! So there seems to be no way to start the app/game. The solution....simply create a folder on the home screen by combining any two existing apps. Click on the "+" sign top corner of the folder. This will open up a list of ALL the apps/games installed. You WILL find your 'side loaded' app there. Tick and add it. Poolmaster, Jetpack Joyride, atilt 3d, labyrinth lite, Raging thunder 2 and Where's My Mickey are some good games that I love playing on this phone. ADD- 6 Bluetooth works awesome with Car Audio Bluetooth systems. Especially Ford Figo. Its been six months of hassle free use. No issues so far. Just remember to shut down or restart the phone every 15 days for 5mins, clears up the android cache and makes it run bit faster. It still has 4.1.1 jelly bean. Got a total of two updates from LG so far,,, first was for battery and second was for optimus UI - call making/recieving improvements. Best part is the phone has a sturdy build. It has fallen down so many times, cover battery and what not have all popped out, but just works super. ............Thank you all for reading my review............ FINAL ADD 17 SEP 14: After 1 & half year of use (kids included) this phone still runs sturdy and solid. It's still on jellybean and will never get Kitkat because it's a low end phone from LG. As of date it's worthy competitors are.... SPICE DREAM UNO, MOTO E, ASUS ZENFONE 4, XIAOMI REDMI 1S. Any of you planning on buying a budget oriented device as a backup or second phone consider these in the order listed! :)
I was looking for the Single SIM version(E425) of this phone, but wasn't available here in flipkart. So bought it(E425) from a local shop in bangalore for 7030 Rs. After using it for almost 4 days here are my review of single SIM LG Optimus L3 II E425 - 1. Awesome battery backup. 2. Very responsive touch screen. Why I choose this LG over corresponding Sony or Samsung models- 1. Better specs for cheaper price. 2. Better built quality.
This is thebest compact phone ,considering the price it is way better than xperia tippo n galaxy y series!!!!!! pros: -superb battery life -awsme design n finish with laser cut contour!! -feels n looks premium -1ghz processor -android jelly bean -it has ips screen , so good colours n viewing angles. -n great lg support cons: -only resolution is average ... but it should not b a prob considering screen size! if u are lookinng for a small compact phone .. just go for it!!!
It is a fabulous smart phone 10000 times better than galaxy y or galaxy s series. I just love this.I will say that if anyone buy this smart phone he / she will not be disappointed with this phone. But one thing is bad about this phone that you cannot move apps from internal memory to external, and the internal memory is only 4gb. But except this, it is a fantastic phone. I can bet that it will be smarter than it's user.
A good mobile for 8k It has advanced features good quality,good clarity,camera-only average but ok,sound above the average we can say 65% ok. We cant touch the perfect word while msging in qwerty pad,better use phone type key pad it's good. Wants to check one thing on Internal memory as they said It showing 1.75 MB but wants to check whether it is 4GB totally....other specifications given is right..Comparative to sony&samsung it is good with more Pros.and less cons. finally i got delivered this next day from flipkart Appreciable Let see LG whether It's Life's Good
the phone is very very good. It has almost every thing. It can play mid-range games like tample run 2. The main thing is its IPS display, it just awesome. I recomend to every one who want smartphone under 8k. Don't think again go for it....
good budget phone.but display is not so good.very low resolution display as the previous one.ordinary camera.Exellent battery backup.it has front speaker,not back.that was very bad.good for some gaming like angry birds,temple run.it has jelly bean.internet speed is good in 3g but not in 2g.go for lava iris 430 or videocon a30.
I have been using this phone for more than 3 months and I have had no issues with it. Never hanged. I don't play games on it, I have my PC for that, so can't say anything about it from that point, but basically, using it as a phone, e-book reader, sometimes movies, and browsing and working fine though it does tend to get a bit laggy at times and a restart puts it right (I read somewhere smartphones need to be restarted once a day although I go weeks without restarting the phone).
Buying this phone is not bad deal.. Camera and resolution are the disappointing things. Phone is fast and touch is smooth.. Battery lasts long if you don't use internet.. It is better than Samsung galaxy Y and Sony experia tipo. Can buy phone if budget is around 7K.
But, warranty expired. They are asking now Rs: 2850/- to replace this mother boards. Poor hardware quality. Good model but it has average screen resolution.... Like * Internet Speed * Battery * Touch * Speed processing Dislike * Average resolution * Small Screen * Device always in warm state
Lg done a very good job with it's L segment. The phone is excelent. It has a great look, great display and great sound. Superb perfomace. *Pros: 1) Andtoid jelly bean. 2) IPS display. 3) 512 mb of RAM is enough for smooth perfomance. 4) great disign. *cons: low resolution screen but screen clearity is superb !!!!!! Thumbs up to LG.
I am going to buy this phone very soon after surveying so many companies and brand. I am a LG Mobile customer using LGT515 since 2 years, I know how better would be the product L3II 435 from the Brand name LG.I have really great believe and faith to LG product though it does not shows too many AD and publicity.
i place an order,14/04/2013 at 11:30pm, comparitively good phone, before i use lg p690, but its internal memory is very low...so i go for new jellybean4.1.2 version. very decent features, very decent budjet, compare to others... one bad thing is only 512mb ram...
all are nice, only think is pixel is very low, it looks like old phone. ram is good, user friendly, internal memory good, battery performance really good
Purchased from Snap-deal, great phone in that price money. Price worthy. Clear Display, great features, good battery backup & camera too. Highly recommended for the persons range is b/w 6k-7k.
bought in april 2013 form flipkart at very good price and service using since no problem at all perfect size for pocket not very heavy and mobile itself very powerful sometime during power failure i use it as a wifi hot spot on my laptop for internet so you are getting dual sim with latest android and decent camera at this price go for it
Great product by LG,no problems as such for a phone of this size. *Inbuilt speakers are good n loud *Good smooth UI *Good touch response *no issues with software,good in-built apps Only con is the low resolution screen but it doesn't affect the beauty of this phone. If you're looking for a good compact phone,this is it. (try adding a matte screen guard for best experience)
everything is good except resolution (320*240) and color (262k). this is very poor that i feel.except this everything is fine. sound camera feature all are best than Samsung or Sony or etc.. lg l3 II also has single Sim phone.price is 7200 that i have..one can also go for that.
