MOBDNGR9GZXRGDB7
As mentioned by Gaurav Shah in his review, I too had problem with the mic of the phone where my voice was inaudible to the receiver. Luckily I have found a workaround to this problem and if anyone else faces a similar problem they could give it a try. First enter *#*#3646633#*#* on the dialer. This will get you onto the Engineer Mode of the phone. Then on this mode swipe sideways till you find 'Hardware Testing'. Then from Hardware Testing go to 'Audio' and then to 'Normal Mode'. This will open up Audio_ModeSetting. There will be a Type field with type set as 'Sip'. Tap it to bring a dropdown menu and select 'Mic'. After selecting 'Mic', on the Level field, change the values of all the levels (0-6) to 255. Set this value and go back. Once this is done, reboot the phone and check whether the phone mic works properly. This did the trick for me.
I dropped my decision of getting lumia 520 and got this phone and I never regretted . The phone generates too much attention it looks like a high end phone .slim and sleek just grabs eye balls. And then when they graze over your display their eyes opens even wider saying wow which is just awesome for this cheap phone. Jellybean interface and the display are in the likes of 20k phone . it has some dedicated graphics card so you can play all games in a much better way than its competition. I checked with Arcane legend and the output is tremendous . Camera has low pixels so the pictures appear grainy in system. it can't play 1080p but works well with 720p which is enough for 4inch screen. PROS 1.looks like HTC or Sony 2.feels like HTC or Sony (I mean it ) 3.display is just awesome 4.performance is on par with all device under 10k 5.price CONS 1.camera night mode 2.can't play HD 3.finding the brand name on phone is difficult when they make a product this good they can start building their image too . 4.stock headsets are of very poor quality spoils the music experience
Xolo A500S is best smart phone among the same prize smart phones. Pros: 1. Very Slim and light weight. Feels smooth in hands. 2. comes with xolo power software, which is really smart power manager, prompts about idle running apps, auto switch off's the wi-fi/ gprs/gps when battery is low and keep battery power for little long time for phone calls which is the main purpose of mobile...lol. 3. Screen size and resolution is good. Fits in hand and able to handle with one hand. 4. Got flash led. 5mp primary and VGA 0.3 secondary cams. My feeling VGA is more than enough for skype/viper/whatsapp usage...else network usage will more. 5. Signal strength is good. 6. AGPS is good. I used for Mapmyride and mapmyrun apps they very accurate tracks. 7. No RAM Logging so far...using it from a week. cons: 1. Complete plastic body. afraid what happens if it slips from hand. 2. 5mp is not so good quality. picture is not good enough. 3. Battery is only 1400mAH not enough for the 4inch size smartphone. Battery drain very soon. need to carry charger/USB along with you. 4. Phone is heating up soon. 15mins phone call you will feel your ears heated up. Overall Xolo A500S is very best choice smartphone in the prize range. I like it.
I'm an android developer (both, apps and ROM). So I'll be giving a complete in-depth review, for both hardware and software. Also, previously a user of XPERIA NEO. Build quality: 10/10. The overall build of this phone is just amazing. The moment I took this phone out of packaging, I was already in love with it. Feels perfect in hand, very slim, easy one hand use. Battery backup: 7/10. It is just fine. It would last a day IF you are a casual user, you only check mails, average number of calls, average browsing time. IF you play games a lot, watch movies/videos (any activity that uses screen/processing) then the battery would last only half a day. In this case you'll have to charge it at least 2 times a day. Camera: 7/10. Being a student, in many cases I have to capture class notes or documents. This phone camera is JUST NOT MADE FOR MACRO PHOTOGRAPHY. Being a fixed focus camera any macro/nearby shot is completely out of focus (I can't read a single word in captured document). However, the camera CAPTURES BEAUTIFUL SCENERIES, MONUMENT PICS, or any other scene which doesn't requires close focus. But then again, the flash is of almost no use so night images are not at all good. Display quality: 8/10. Being a TFT display, I didn't expected much out of it. But to my amazement, the display quality is BRILLIANT (APART FROM POOR VIEWING ANGLES). Color reproduction is accurate, picture is sharp and the display is NOT AT ALL DULL as some people commented. Touch screen (response): 5/10. This it the part where this phone disappoints me. The single touch response is perfect/accurate. Only in rare case (1 out of 10 times) the touch is not detected. However the double touch (2-point touch) response is just pathetic. Any activity that requires use of two fingers will not work accurately. For example in the case of pinch to zoom, I'm not at all able to zoom to a particular point in the pic in the portrait mode. In landscape mode the 2-point touch accuracy increases, but still takes patience to zoom into pics. Same happens while gaming. For example you require 2 fingers to move and aim in a FPS game. Then one of the function will not work very accurately, however it is manageable. Now comes the awaited specifications part. 10/10 here. Remember, all this is considering that it is a budget handset! RAM: 9/10. At this cost and rest of configuration, 512MB is enough! You'll be able to do decent amount of multitasking, and play all the games that the GPU supports. CPU: 10//10. The phone is absolutely lag-less. For your info, the background apps that are continuously running are: FB, FB Messenger, Whatsapp, Twitter, Email sync, All google services, Google Now, Quora, Weather widget, Calendar widget, Truecaller, App lock. After all this, I have >100MB free RAM, and still phone is lag-less. App switching is smooth. Webpage rendering is smooth. GPU: 9/10. The GPU used is the same as Galaxy S2. At this price bracket, it is more than what this device should had!! It runs all games very smooth. The games which I tried are: Templerun 2, Subway surfer, Dead Trigger 1,2, Plants vs Zombies, Asphalt 7. All these games were lag-less. The GPU also plays 720p perfectly, and 1080p with a bearable amount of lag. Call and functionality: 9/10. The handset which I got was working perfectly. The volumes on mic and call speaker were decent. However in handsets of some people they complain about low mic problem. (for this problem refer to SSK's post). Music: 8/10. The stock headset is useless if you've been previously using good headphones. The stock headset quality is not at all upto the mark for music lovers. For the loud speakers, just the volume is a bit low . However if you use good headphones, it is a nice music phone! Software: 10/10. It has stock Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2. There are only 3-4 XOLO bloatware apps. Because of Android "project butter", the user interface is lag free. There is not at all any customization done. However there is a preinstalled app "xThemes" using which you can change theme to other than stock one. Now for all the developers/modders/mod users out there: There is a lot of development going on on this phone on XDA and AndroidJugaad. However the development is only limited to custom ROMs. Custom kernels cannot be developed as MediaTek does not publicly provides kernel source, and neither does XOLO. Final verdict: I'm happy with my purchase, and would recommend this product to those who have their budget inside Rs. 6,000/-. Now what I've to watch out for is how long this phone lasts, because as all the people say, the customer care of all Indian modile brands is simply pathetic. Hope my review helped you all! Thanks for staying with me till the end of this long review! :P
waiting for a phone like this to arrive, and the moment has come, yes i already ordered it, trust me this phone configuration and its build quality (xolo always excel in this department). This phone ppi (almost retina display), Anyone wants phone should be a phone atleast hold on to one day atleast not like new phones with highend quad core processors and big screens force you to charge every after 17 hours. I think xolo people know their indian customer very well by launching this product. If they fix the price at Rs.6499 then this phone will rule. Anyway I dropped the idea of buying Q800. Will write a detailed review after the arrival. As per the specifications mentioned in XOLO site, this phone packages good cocktail of sensors as well as on board memory. the best part is it has V3 blue tooth and autofocus camera. A-GPS is another added advantage. Simply go for it
I bought this phone before 15 days, it's right time to tell something about my experience with the phone. 1. Awesome battery backup. 2. Very good processing speed. 3. Fantastic display. 4. Plays nicely pure HD videos without any lag 5. Almost play every high end games(temple run2 etc) 6. Awesome audio/video quality 7. Look just outstanding. 8. Anti Theft technology is not so impressive but good if u dont like changing settings very frequently. 9. Xolo care very nice feature which track your battery usage by every running app. so you can stop a app who is consuming more power . 10. Last but not least Internet surfing just haven.........
I will review the phone shortly in following points. :) Contents in the BOX- 1battery , 1handset , 1earphone , 1data cable along with adapter (CHARGER) , 2scratchguards (1 set already on the display) , 1 Warranty Card and 1 Quick User Manual Bad Things- Just 2-point touch (greatly reduces the usability of the phone) Camera is pretty descent Good Things- Except for the bad things , everything is good about the phone! :D Battery Life 10/10 Value for Money 10/10 Camera 6/10 Performance 10/10 (NO LAG while moderate multitasking which is good) Touch 6/10 Looks 9/10 (M a fan of BOX type phones) Music 10/10 Display 8/10
Unbeatable handset compare to other phones at this price range...i was hesitated to buy glancing my eyes on the new brand Xolo...but after seeing the user reviews on flipkart website i decided to take a chance on this,fortunately it worked for me with the performance of Xolo A500S...When it comes to say on this phone.. a) Phone design is really attracting,slim looks like sony phones ( it is not only meeting sony by its physical appearance but also by its performance ) b) It has got 5MP primary camera, which gives you good quality pictures than your expectation. Secondary cam is fine as well. c) Touch is best i must say,it senses even with lighter touch on the screen. d) Display is good with 4inch screen. e) Sound clarity is good, it has inbuilt 3D booster effect in music ( some says bass is not good c'mn guys go to play store and download some equalizer which works for you) f) Battery life is best as compared with other phones,it last longer than some phones) g) browsing speed is really good (experienced with opera browser) h) Xolo power,xolo care,xolo secure are some extra good applications with this phone i) You can schedule switch on and switch off of your phone at your desired timing is another good thing... *** Only thing which disappointed me is, it was mentioned 4GB on flipkart website and also on the Xolo A500S box but it was not that as mentioned, the one which i purchased via flipkart came with 1.27GB (internal storage) and 1.24GB (phone storage). ****** My final words on this phone as on my experience is,it is a good phone with its performance and features at this price, one can buy without hesitation, i really liked it...
Hi....After reading so many reviews I bought this phone for my wife.I ignored some negative reviews by seeing its looks and specifications.The first impression was good.The phone was working better than my Motorola xt910 in all aspects.But after some weeks in between the usage it is restarting and one blue screen will come.Then you have to remove the battery and switch it on then only it will work.And one more problem is that the other person will not hear your voice clearly.The Mic has some problem.And some charging problem also there.I'm staying in Hyderabad but no authorized service centers are here in this big city also.So beware... Don't buy any of the XOLO phones.TRUST me.Don't waste your money.IT LOOKS GOOD BUT NOT WORK GOOD.
I bought this phone from a local retailer for Rs.6500, so can't really complain much about the price at which Flipkart offers this. The phone is a beauty! Dull black fiber covering, vivid screen, sleek structure and an overall satisfying look. The specs as mentioned here are all true, though I'm doubtful about the auto-focus feature. It can handle most basic games well, and I've tried NFS: Most Wanted and it ran without a stutter. The display is wonderful, and you can't get any better with a non-IPS screen. Cons : The portion below the camera gets overheated with prolonged use of a game or video, possibly because of increased rate of data-transfer of the SD card which is located there. Battery life is okay. Not great, not good, but okay. The fiber covering is risky. Flip covers are available, but silicon back covers are not. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ All other features are great! It has all that an Xperia J has, at less than half the price. So, all those who've been eying this product, go for it. XOLO service centers are common here at Kolkata. And many retailers also offer pick-and-drop facilities. And probably you won't need a service center :)
Pros:- 1. HTC one inspired front panel design - Good looks. 2. 233 ppi - Good screen 3. Latest OS - Android 4.2 Jelly bean 4. Latest Dual core processor - Cortex A7 5. High performance Graphic processor - Mali-400MP (same as Xperia U) 6. HD video recording - 720p 7. All this for just 6999.... Wow ... Great value for money...... Cons:- 1. Low density battery - 1400 mAh battery 2. Average RAM - 512mb
My personal suggestion is not to buy this stylish, excellent featured, low cost phones at all. why because .......... I have purchased XOLO A500 two months back If anyone looks at the specifications it is awesome and it works fine for one or two months. Then the problems starts. 1. Batterry will not charge properly 2. with out any new messages its message box always shows a new message indiacation 3. very prequently hangs 4. XOLO customer care very very very very very very pooooooooooooooooooooor. They will not respond at all.(I personally experienced) 5.no post purchase services. If it works fine then ok. otherwise you have to through it in dust bin. 6. will not get any flip cover for xolo models. So touch screen will be damaged. and again no service.
hi guys i got this product from a local dealer in mumbai , the producr xolo A500s is really beautiful , its very smooth and good deal at this price range , but i was fooled buy its charming looks and design when i realised when my friend said he couldn't hear a word i said !!! , for the same problem i contacted the service centre but seems no response from them ! i request you to buy from a good dealer and please check microphone the first thing !!!!! rating below Design : 8/10 Screen ( TFT ) : 7/10 Camera Day time : 8/10 (5mp) Camrea Night time : 1/10 ( BAD ) Flash LED : 1/10 (BAD ) Touchscreen : 6/10 earphones in box : 5/10 charger : 5/10 you get a extra scratch guard in the box with this product ! NOTE : XOLO service Centre are hardly found ! please check around your area or ask you Mobile Dealer to inform if any near by you !!!! After sales and support is BAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
after buying the phone within two days the screen turned white and nothing was visible,called the customer care for help i.e xolo care they replied that you need to do a hard reset ,but the method which they told was not working for me so they further replied that you need to take it to a customer care centre where proper inspection would be done and the phone will be ok ,i was shocked after hearing such type of nonsense as if after buying two days after the phone's condition is as such what would be it after 5 or 6 months guys please don't compromise on quality rather go for branded items such as samsung as they might charge you more but they offer the quality for value, i would rather call these phones as cheap chinese phones which were available 4 to 5 years ago ,only the names have been changed but the spare parts remain the same guys please believe in the best go for the best
I bought this a month ago and It has so many problems with it. 1. It has got a software named Xolo Secure which disables pattern lock only 6 digit PIN or Password is allowed which will waste your time and most irritating. Suppose if you didn't register this product it stays on your notification bar for ever. 2. It has something called Xthemes. This will disable all display settings.. you can't change wallpaper and lock screen wallpaper. (very bad). 3 I have inserted a 8GB memory card with 3.5GB music in it and it has 4GB free space.and each time I play music it gets stuck I mean phone gets very slow. (I haven't installed any game.)
Got the phone within 2days after order!!!! no issues from flipkart !!! the phone is just awesome!!!! u can do high graphics gaming in the phone!!! tried asphalt8,mostwanted2,modern combact4,deadtrigger run butter smooth!!!!!!!!! Aswell subway surfer temple runs (really runs on this phones) Over all 5of5...... i apologise go for this phone!!!! its very cheap !!!! go for this!!! Thank You flipkart for availing this product!
I have brought from flipkart about a month ago and i have being using it and its the best phone for its price it has 1.3 ghz dual core and 512 mb ram which is good and the gpu is great i can play mordern combat 3 and 4 and it runs very smooth.and battery is good for a 1400mah i can use for about 8 hours.multitasking is the best on android jelly bean 4.2.2 and we put the apps on sd which is perfect and it has 1.27 GB for apps and 1.27 GB for music,videos,photos,etc. I strongly recommend xolo cause it is really the next level. buy it guys.
after using it for 10 days . i switched it off and while the time of switch on. i was totally shocked to find some unusual display. it showed like left key.right key. volume keys ............. i felt like something gone wrong . but now it is working normally after switching it on by removing the battrey and keeping it again........ i agree that it was a great phone at effecient price. if xolo continues this kind of serveice, i feel like suggesting this for everyone. speaker audio output is a bit low. earphones a very noisy but almost good even my earphone's mic was broken due to physical pressure (while sleeping :P) which indicates the quality. due to this problem i m rating it 4 or else 5. FLIPKART SERVICE IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH. they have shown me a screen guard was made for xolo a500. and i have bought it in combo. but later i have returned it because it was not degsined for a500.
please think and buy this phone..the phone has good features except fpr the camera n sound quality...you'll be running after them if you buy this phone..their service centres are worse than a normal dhaba...they don't even know to manage their customers properly...their services are also poor...my phone has got a problem that its switching off automatically...i took it to the service centre 3 times still they din't fix it up...and when i called the xolo care they were going on repeating "sorry for the inconvenience" but din't solve my problem..worst mobile company so far...i advice you people to invest the money on branded smartphones like nokia or samsung instead of going for this piece of shit :/
Nice phone...but the speaker is of low quality...you can easily buy this phone due to its comparatively lower price nice handling,touch and other features are also very good...its sllek looks also draw attention...an ultimate package
bought it for rs.6500, was initially upset as the 2nd sim was not working, on 4th day contacted the customer care, was told to visit the centre, the guy at the uttam nagar new delhi centre mr. ankush podar.... a nice guy .... advised that in case the problem is with the hardware the set would be replaced, but alternatively i contacted the dealer from whom i purchased the phone, even he told that he would replace the set immediately ..... the same was done by the dealer itself ..... haven't faced any problem since .... camera is tooo gud, look wise awesome, pretty fast processor, can watch live mcx & stock mkt, play most of the games, only problem faced till now is that the magnetic compass app not working (orientation sensor not found) otherwise nice product...
Been using it for over 3 months now and am pretty happy with it. Didn't face any lag at any time. Light weightiness and looks of this phone makes it a grab at this price.
Hi, I have ordered this mobile on flipkart from WS Retailers with in-a-day guarentee (+90 rs charges). Brough this mobile for 5800 after discounts. Pro's: 1. Excellen performance with its 1.2GHz dual core processor. 2. I haven't faced any lag while using more than one app simultaneously. 3. Battery!! its WOW for regular use, i don't belive still the phone has only 1400mh battery, it lost almost 2 days after medium usage of internet usage over wifi (1 hour), games (temple run 2, subway surfers and stick cricket for 2 hours), and a decent call time. 4. Built is solid, slim and looks very decent. 5. I read in other reviews phone is getting heat after some use, but i don't find its getting heat ( compared to my Galaxy Sl Previous mobile i used). 6. Decent with day light. 7. thanks to flipkart for delivering it in 1 day. Over all Experience a satisified. Con's: 1. for flip cover i have to order it online as i didnot get in outlets (cost was 300 for it). 2. Flash, it has not enough brightness shoot photos in the night. Suggesions: If you are looking to buy a smart phone below 7K then its the best bet.
5 stars for the service 4 stars for the product. Phone is good. Appearance and looks are quite good. Doesn't feel as i am using a lower brand phone. Working and performance is also good. Speakers and head phone as well voice call sound is not so bass type. Camera clarity good in daylight but night mode photos not so clear as its led is not powerful. Functions and applications work fine.. Overall. Nice phone in the budget.
even after reading the bad review about the mic and ringtone volume and speaker. I purchased this product. But facing the same issue. I have limited budget and purchased this one.. why dont xolo company correct these issues, make their product after these reviews. it has most of the features at least price. which is attractive.
Waste of money, not recommended. Having problem with flash, charging last for 4 hrs and phone is getting heated after 3 min call.
I gifted to this to my boyfriend as he has broken his newly bought sony X-peria M dual, so i was searing one with the same features. He likes the mobile and its better than sony X-peria Except sound system. It is really a good handset for cheaper cost and worth the money.
best ever phone i used till now...... i use canvas 2 , iris 455 , galaxy s duos , xperia mini pro and karbonn many more in the 5k to 13k phone. Pro:- 1. best battery backup (i ever use till now) 2. great look (feel premium) 3. faster than any other similar price. etc many other but i m not able to describe in words . GO BLINDLY FOR THIS........... XOLO A500S ROCKS
Every thing touch, software functioning, gaming experience all are very good. But loud speakers are not good, headsets are of very poor quality spoils the music experience
Please dont buy any of xolo phone..I get very bad experience regarding to service. My charger work not perfectly so I sent to xolo service centre on 25th june but yet not receive. also they hadn't answer properly. You can see more detail on this link. PLease read before buy any XOLO phone. www.droidmafiya.blogspot.in/p/compain-on-xolo.html
I purchased this mobile from Flipkart after going through all the reviews about this model, all over the internet. This model will provide you everything that it promises. To be true in this budget, if you want to go for brand names you will get a handset with limited features. Whereas this mobile will provide you with features beyond this budget. I have been using it for a month now and very satisfied with the performance. The processor is good, RAM and Camera is moderate. Only thing that I think could have been better is the battery. It drains fast when you surf internet or play games and will last for less than a day. So, it is wiser to carry the charger with you.
Note: The review has been done keeping in mind that the phone is a 'budget' smartphone Been using Xolo A500S from the past five days, bought this phone on 24th August 2013 from a local retailer for 6.2 K. It has pretty decent specs for a low cost smartphone and the phone has been working fine till now. Xolo A500S Box Pack: contains the handset(mine was black) with a screen guard already stuck onto the screen, one additional screen guard, 1 USB cable, 1 travel adapter, 1 set of ear plugs, warranty card and user guide. Looks and Design: on the first look one can simply mistake it to be a Sony Xperia J or an HTC Desire 600 to some extend. The build quality is very decent compared to other Indian handsets and even some foreign handsets for this price range. The phone seems just fine enough be held in your hands, neither too big nor too small. The rear matte finish on the back is another good feature as it provides a good grip and also gives the phone a premium look. The phone's bezel and curves are also a welcome change from the boring rounded handsets currently available. Display: 4 inch TFT display with 800 x 400 pixel resolution(16 M colors and 233 ppi) does fine job. The touch is smooth and very responsive, again at par in comparison to other Indian brands. Nice viewing angles. Accelerometer, light sensor and proximity sensor are there. Hardware: Unlike mentioned, the dual core Mediatek processor is actually clocked at 1.3 GHz. The Mali 400 GPU really boosts the overall graphics performance, again a very rare feature for a phone in this price point. the 512 Mb RAM decently manages to help you with the multitasking. The 4 GB ROM may seem a bit low but then you can always expand it via a 32 GB card. The apps can be installed on the external storage, which is relief unlike the problem being experienced in a few other Xolo phones. Camera: Don't expect much from the either of the cameras on the phone. Though the rear 5 MP camera manages to take decent shots in bright daylight and outdoors but indoors the shots come out to be grainy and with noise. The camera is not an Auto-focus unlike mentioned on the box pack. The camera could record 720p HD videos Performance Benchmark: Antutu-8359(decent), Quadrant- 3390(decent), Nenamark2-41.2 fps(decent), Multi touch- 2 point(disappointing) Sound: Call quality is crisp and clear. The loudness level is just a little bit low for the loudspeakers. Music when played through loudspeaker seems bland. The earphones did a decent job. Entertainment: the phone could play 1080 HD videos, and the video playback is very good, no pixelation!!!! The Mali 400 GPU is a beast under the hood, the gaming experience is very smooth- Temple Run 2 runs butteery smooth on full graphics, but the real challenge for most handsets is in playing games like NFS, Dead Trigger and Frontline Commando and surprisingly this phone did perform really well, again no lags experienced. Battery: 1400mAh may seem a bit less sometimes. Currently, i am using only 1 SIM, 4-5 hours of browsing and data usage through Wifi only and 1-2 hrs of gaming and the phone manages to stand for a day with Xolo Power ON. Other: Adroind 4.2.2 is a welcome, Xolo care, Xolo secure and Xolo power are useful apps ; WiFi, Bluetooth,3G, GPS working fine. In short:- PROs- Stunning Looks, Good performance, Price Range CONs- sound, camera, battery(somewhat) Courtesy : Rob .
First Delivery had a faulty SIM card slots and no SIM was getting detected. Eventually Flipkart sent a replacement and it worked fine on the new phone. Hence be careful if any features doesnt work as it might be specific to that handset only. Now coming to the phone, i followed instructions to increase microphone volume on the phone and it worked fine. Display is good, processor is pretty good and have decent internal memory. Camera is way too good if compared with any of Iball or other similar phones. Image clarity is pretty decent however motion images one needs to focus properly to get the right shot. Only Drawback on the phone is the Arrow icons for Internet download which shows up when download or upload are happening. These icons are integrated with on the Network Signal Bar and you really have to make an effort to recognize the download or upload status. Possibly a separate icons would have made more better and clear visibility. Battery is standard and drains quickly if you are on GPRS constantly. Display screen being 4 inches also consumes lot of battery. Better advice would be have brightness settings altered if you need more battery time. I see this issue on majority of other phones of similar or bigger sizes. Even if you have more larger battery still you need to charge it often as lot of people use 3g or 2g nowdays. Charger wire is slightly tight in getting connected to phone and possibly XOLO needs to improve quality on that.
good's:- the phone is pretty good and slim nice sensors, nice touch , display, graphics n nice stereo ear phones bad's :- battery back up was poor , strucking in CSR game racing , the phone was strucking when the multi tabs and fast rapid usage, loud speaker i mean with out ear phones the sound was very bad ... in sound clarity i will give 5 out of 2 rest of them so good Any how the budget oriented phone it will look like xperia z slim over all i'll give 5 out of 3.6
Hi All, I read many reviews on flipkart for this phone and finally bought xolo a500s from indiatimes for Rs 5606 last week. this phone is stylish and smooth performer for its price. but first thing i checked was the call clarity. the mic volume is actually low and I have to speak loud enough so that other person can hear me :(. I can still compromise on this but this phone 's real drawback is its battery. its taking hours to get charged up. I charged it for 3 hrs and charge status is still 60 percent. battery backup is again poor. the 60percent charged battery gave me just 2.5 hours of backup of normal use. its battery is a dead brick. Guys avoid this phone pls till they improve on the battery. about its gps , i will comment later on.
I can simply say Awesome I bet u will not get such a superior quality mobile at this price.I am using this since last one month. after one month of usage what I found is, positives: price only 6.3K stylish slim design (the most attractive feature of this mobile ) fast 1.2 Ghz dual core processor 4 inch display ( I think this is the best display size if u want to hold comfortably) smooth touch ( i have experienced same touch on Nokia Lumia ) 5 mp camera captures descent pictures 0.3 mp secondary camera no lagging so far nice sound quality ( off course u can not compare it with sony xperia) the most important is SUPERB BATTERY compared to samsung and micromax of the same range. though battery power of xolo a 500s is only of 1400 mh but when i compared it with other mobiles it does a great job battery drops like any other device of same range but it doesn't get turn off soon. many times my battery falls to 20% still i able to speak continuously for hrs and hrs.without charging negatives : ring tone sound is not loud display doesnt turn on when u connect it to charger or head phone. at last i would say this is the best mobile. at best price with best features.
Flipkart delivered it next day..amazing response time..however the product was faulty having a white dot or some dead pixel in the middle of the LCD screen.. I did not face any issue getting it replaced..got my new phone in 2-3 days time again. Post few days of usage Pros: 1. Stylish Phone..very slim and looks premium 2. Battery is nice if one is not using it for games..mine lasts 2 days. 3. At this price... its a steal. 4. Nice bright screen 5. Light weight Cons: 1. Battery will drain quickly if used for heavy gaming...i believe this stands for every smart phone. 2. Still trying to get used to the not-so-responsive-keyboard..since im more used to my Iphone5 3. Ear piece volume is low compared to my other mobiles ive used. If this helps you making a decision... my feedback...do buy it!!
NOTHING BETTER THAN THIS HANDSET... EXTREMELY SATISFIED WITH THIS..It has been priced at Rs 6,990(approx) which makes it an extremely value for money device. Seeing the fact that it has a better build quality than the competition at a similar price point, it might just turn out to be one of the bestsellers in the entry level segment. TOP FEATURES THAT I LIKE THE MOST.. INTERNAL MEMORY LOOKS LIKE HTC ONE and BLACKBERRY Z10 Android 4.2 Jelly Bean 4 INCH SCREEN BATTERY LIFE SOUND QUALITY 5 out of 5
I love this phone.... its proccesor and its all features are awesome... but guys where xolo service center in gurgaon pls tell me !?! I dropped my decision of getting lumia 520 and got this phone and I never regretted . The phone generates too much attention it looks like a high end phone .slim and sleek just grabs eye balls. And then when they graze over your display their eyes opens even wider saying wow which is just awesome for this cheap phone. Jellybean interface and the display are in the likes of 20k phone . it has some dedicated graphics card so you can play all games in a much better way than its competition. I checked with Arcane legend and the output is tremendous . Camera has low pixels so the pictures appear grainy in system. it can't play 1080p but works well with 720p which is enough for 4inch screen. PROS 1.looks like HTC or Sony 2.feels like HTC or Sony (I mean it ) 3.display is just awesome 4.performance is on par with all device under 10k 5.price CONS 1.camera night mode 2.can't play HD 3.finding the brand name on phone is difficult when they make a product this good they can start building their image too . 4.stock headsets are of very poor quality spoils the music experience
Dear all, this is my first android phone that i hv brought a 4 days ago.Design of my mobile is like a sonyexperiya .prize also low compare to other mobiles it gives lots of features which can't give other vendor in this prize it has also downloading speed upto 21.1mbps for one sim that is sufficient for downloading apps.camera quality is also good more clear resolution.sound also gives theater feel finally it depends on you how you use your mobile ,all mobiles are good
I have bought this phone last month for my wife. believe me it is awesome. It has the best camera in the mid range phone i have tested. display is quite amazing and touch is smooth, looks are also very stunning looks like a 10k phone. Awesome phone @ this price. very satisfied with this.
I ordered this mobile day before yesterday and received it today. super slim, light weight, cam is okay with flash, wide screen looks awesome,speed is excellent. Super mobile i waited a long and got this for my husband. he loved it.
HELLO GUYS,I HAD A XOLO X900 PHONE,THE WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER USED.AFTER 7 MONTHS OF USE IT WAS NOT CONNECTIN TO THE NETWORK.I CALLED UP XOLO CARE AND LODGED A COMPLAINT ON 28 MAY 13.THOSE GUYS SAID ME TO DROP THE HANDSET AT THEIR PICKUP POINT IN HYDERABAD.AFTER A WEEK THEY CALLED ME N SAID MY PHONE CAN'T BE REPAIRED SO THETY WILL GIMME REFUND OR REPLACEMENT FOR THE PHONE.THEY WERE REFUNDING ONLY 7000 RS. FOR THE PHONE I PURCHASED FOR 22000 RS.SO I DECIDED TO GO FOR REPLACEMENT.THEY PROMISED TO GIMME A XOLO Q800 FOR MY X900.ALREADY 3 MONTHS HAVE BEEN PASSED BUT STILL I M WITHOUT PHONE.SO DON YOU GUYS EVER BUY XOLO PHONES.................
I have ordered this phone on flipkart and got the phone before the committed time as usual excellent delivery of flipkart. Now regarding the phone I am using the phone from last 3-4 days and tested whatever is possible found that the features and performance what the mobile is having is definitely value for money. I would say that at present in this budget such a rich feature and performance mobile is not present in the market.
I would recommend this phone instead of Samsung or any other mobile at that price. The features are superb. Here are the Pros and Cons I see but no way Cons while using it. I used to compare every time with Samsung as it the Market leader now. Pros: 1. 1.2 GHz Dual core processor with dedicated GPU.. Can you get the same in Samsung at < Rs.7000? No way. 2. Even though front end camera.. even though it is 0.3 MP, is showing clear picture in video chatting. 3. Xolo care apps are good. Xolo secure is a modified version of android device manager to locate and secure phone remotely. 4. Touch interface is superb.. it is highly responsive. 5. Scratch gaurd is included in box. 6. Finally, stylish and slim. I love it. Cons: 1. RAM is 512 MB only.. but it never decreased the performance. If you are Game addicted..:), then can use an app for swapping the Memory card some memory to RAM just like windows paging to increase speed. 2. Front end camera should be little more .. but as said above. it is still good for me (MY OPINION) 3. Head phones are not that good. Just matching with phone in style look. 4. Back lid over batter is simple plastic .. should have been rugged one.. 5. Case cover is not available compared to xolo a500 availability. I know they are little different for case covers. so please be cautious while buying the case covers. Finally, I would highly recommend a strong buy on xolo a500s. Thanks
Could not buy this phone from flipkart as it showed out of stock on 12th eve and then showed in stock till 13:00 on 13th any how m having fun with it since last three days and till now there is nothing that i can report of which might raise concerned eyebrows... Screen and its viewing angles are excellent ... cant expect anything more from the price point. getting 4.2.2 is boon an is fun to use and also feels nice to be having the latest android processing is also nice lags are there but not bigtime... dual core supports each other and processing lags are minimized Battery is always a concern in android and this phone is nothing diff also having 1400 Mah batt is not helping have to charge it twice sometimes videos play effortlessly and look v nice touch is also excellent Camera is just so so but the chipset wont support a 8MP thus have to adjust ... but rear cam is something that you can live with but front VGA is horrible... Voice Clarity is good but holding the phone and talking is some what difficult atleast for me. Network coverage is v good in the phone... and surfing is very fluent Ears Phone could had been better and phone sound is also low. but i always keep my phone on vibrate thus it is not a concern for me. M giving it 4 stars as something problematic might come up in future. but
STEPS TO IMPROVE AUDIO: 1. Enter Engineering Mode - Dial *#*#3646633#*#* 2. Go to Hardware Testing>Audio>Normal Mode. 3. Select "Sph" in type. 4. Select "level 6" in Level. 5. Enter 160 in value. 6. Press Set. 7. Restart the phone.
This is my first review on flipkart so pls bear with me. I bought this from local retailer at 6500 for my sister. I installed temple run V2, lane splitter, candy crush, subway surf, whatsapp, xolo power saver, touchpal keyboard application. After installing all these apps I checked whether there is any lag in performance. But there was no issues at all with performance. I am excited by this!!! My sister wanted a basic phone for calling, few games, moderate browsing and casual photography. So 5MP camera with flash, 1400mAh battery and 1.2Ghz processor, it suffice the requirements. Therefore I bought this phone. Lightweight, Slim and awesome looks are added advantage. Backcover finishing is also smooth. I guess it is same as it was in Nokia 5800 xpress music. However plastic of backcover is of cheap quality. They should improve on this. One issue I found is that if you are playing games while charging the phone, backside of phone gets heated. Therefore I started avoiding playing games while charging. I would recommend this phone to people who are technology followers and dont want to spend 13K or more on phone with same specs and are not BRAND frenzy. Thank you.
To begin with the looks , one can perceive it as HTC . slim profile,,quite slim. easy to hold in hand and the dispaly with 240 dpi with 16m colors is best at this price. Hardware details are: cpu speed: 1.3 ghz dual core yes it is 1.3, not 1.2 (Cheked both on benchamrk sytem info and cpu z). It doesnt make a diff but look at the price. Display: vibrant and nice viewing angles. Graphics : Mali 400 , no comments. ram is 512, quite manageable. Camera is ok. ( u can be satisfied for the money u spent). all of us are not going to be professional photographers aren't we?.. Music is good with good earphones. Overall build quality is awesome, nice rubberized back panel, u get colors like blue maroon, black. Pl check out..
Just one word Awesome ,!!!!!!!!!!!!Fabulous looks ,Good performance .Overall its a complete pack in this range of price .Bought it at Rs 6750/- .Including 2 screen guards !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
m using this for 1 mnth and working great.ppl facing problm with mic,speaker sound do try this dial *#*#3646633#*#* and then go hardware testing ->audio->normal mode ->type & increase sph,sph2,mic (fr level 0) as u desire (limit is 255) mine mic,sph,sph2 value is 150 & its working great m playing nfs mw,asphalt 8 with zero lag. it doesnt hangs .do try touchpal keyboard. & use nigh mode fr xolo and juice defender to save battery sound is good with the headphone must buy
maine yeh ph 18-2-2014 ko pahele liya hai, eski battry very poor hai, cam bhi not a good, tuch bakwas, hang bhi bahut ho raha hai, bas eski look hi achi hai, baki sab bakwas hai, company bhi koi response nai de rahi, somy- samsung-nokia, always best, xolo daba band phone,
it is very good & value for money.....Unbeatable handset compare to other phones at this price range...i was hesitated to buy glancing my eyes on the new brand Xolo...but after seeing the user reviews on flipkart website i decided to take a chance on this,fortunately it worked for me with the performance of Xolo A500S...When it comes to say on this phone..
GUYS DO NOT BUY XOLO. IT IS THE WORST PHONE EVER AND MORE PATHETIC IS THE AFTER SALES SERVICE WHICH DOESN'T EVEN EXIST. CAMERA QUALITY IS POOR, THERE IS MICROPHONE PROBLEM, DATA CONNECTIVITY IS NOTHING MORE THAN JUNK AND WHAT NOT. WORST-THEY WONT REPLACE YOUR PHONE BUT KEEP ON "REPAIRING". I WONDER IF THEY ACTUALLY ADHERE TO THE SPECIFICATIONS THEY WRITE??
,,,,to buy i was using it for past 1 month it never get hanged till now...only prob is it ll get slow in otr launchers
nic phn in under 7k.. best frrom other top rated brands.. dual sim great with slim nd stylish design. really fast phone..
It's Good With Is Features And Very Smooth touching Xperience Ever I Like This Phone It's Very Nice.It's Run's With Android 4.2 Jeally Bean The Latest High Techique Android Os As Iam Concenerd It's Is 512 Mb OOOO My God It's Rally Amzing Blast. I Had To Say You Guys Buy It It Will Be Best Phone U Experience
I had recently purchased a xolo q800 which was good for the 1st few days after which the phone started having problems . It was only then i realised how big a mistake it was to choose xolo as they DONOT HAVE ANY SERVICE CENTERS yet , There are a few collection points and even they take mobiles which have been purchased from them only . Only 1 or 2 collection points take the mobile for service and send it to the company . Its been nearly 2 months and the problems havent been rectified yet . And most important of all , XOLO HAS THE MOST PATHETIC CUSTOMER CARE u could possibly imagine . They will not respond at all . It will test ur patience and frustrate you . So i suggest not fall for the low price tricks of xolo and wait until u can afford a quality handset from brands like sony/samsung . BRAND DOES MATTER .
1: Very Slim and light and feels smooth in hand. 2: Xolo Power software,Prompts about idle running apps,switch off's the wi-fi/gps when battery is low and keep battery power is nice and good. 3: Screen size and Resolution is Good. 4: Got flash led. 5mp primary and VGA 0.3 secondary cam also good. 5: Signal strength is good. 6: 5mp is not so good quality. Picture is not good enough.
its really a nice device,its look and the performance is really good.when i bought it i was little worry about its performance but when i got it ...nd i used it nd its work too good...handsuuppp to this celll..
I've been using this for more than 18-20 months.... till now it is performing great..... all supported apps are running with our lacking..... I am very satisfied with this product....
Hi a am using this phone almost 2.5years.This is just great phone for Rs.6K.Just go for it.best in memory,no hanging,good dispaly,all software compactible
dont buy this phone so fast as you have many options better than this you can go for moto g moto e asus zenfone 5 with better specifications i suggest this because my friend has bought it and now he is regretting so be patient wait and think then buy
awesome mobile i am ok with it i bougth this product before six mon but still now i am not having any problem with sure we go for it with any hesitate
i have been using this phone around 9 months and till date no problem. there is only one problem and that is while talking on phone with other person, he do not able to hear you. this is mic volume problem. every thing else is good in this budget...
I had purchased Xolo A500s in the month of Nov 2013 and i am still using , till the last month it was running very smooth but suddenly it lags and whenever i try to download any app the phone gets restarted even if i configure my mail box
Very good phone in this range.compared to low range scraps from big brands in market it stands very high..so you can go for it and give it a try!!! value for the hard earned money guaranteed.
i buy this product. this phone play 1080p video without luge. this phone's style so butty and slim also. you can play hd games.
sony xperia m & xolo a500s same looking 1. Very Slim and light weight. Feels smooth in hands. 2. comes with xolo power software, which is really smart power manager, prompts about idle running apps, auto switch off's the wi-fi/ gprs/gps when battery is low and keep battery power for little long time for phone calls which is the main purpose of mobile...lol. 3. Screen size and resolution is good. Fits in hand and able to handle with one hand. 4. Got flash led. 5mp primary and VGA 0.3 secondary cams. My feeling VGA is more than enough for skype/viper/whatsapp usage...else network usage will more. 5. Signal strength is good. 6. AGPS is good. I used for Mapmyride and mapmyrun apps they very accurate tracks. 7. No RAM Logging so far...using it from a week. cons: 1. Complete plastic body. afraid what happens if it slips from hand. 2. 5mp is not so good quality. picture is not good enough. 3. Battery is only 1400mAH not enough for the 4inch size smartphone. Battery drain very soon. need to carry charger/USB along with you. 4. Phone is heating up soon. 15mins phone call you will feel your ears heated up. Overall Xolo A500S is very best choice smartphone in the prize range.
Dont Buy.. Sleeping Screen..Lots of Lags.. Waste of Money.. Screen Blackout during Calls.. you will have to restart all the times Service center dont agree to the Blackout screen Problem.. may be this is the best escape I waster my money.. trusting XOLO... but its actually a LOLO and a pocket HOLO
Very Worst Not worth for money, hanging problem. Can't to apply a wallpaper for longtime Only attractive look. Not so much great. Bad phone I ever seen. Its a great cheating.Don't go for this. Other great models available at this rate. Very slow...........................................................................................................................................................................................
After using 6 months,what i said is 1.It having mic problem 2. It run's slow when i play game. 3. Touch is not working properly. 4. Speaker volume is low
I chose this phone when I was looking for an android mobile below 7k. I don't have any good things to say bcoz i was disappointed, below are the problems I faced from beginning. 1. The phone gets hanged often, atleast once in a week, calling customer care also didn't help much. 2. The touch is very hard when I placed screen guard. 3. The polish or the layer of the mobile was deteriorating fast and the apperance of the phone became ugly. Hence I don't recommend this phone and look for other phone.
i like xolo i still use xolo but touch of A500s is not proper . other wise XOLO rock . i first use Xolo A700 for 6 month then i purchase A500s but not satisfied with this phone so i return nd now i purchase Q600s which is excelent phone if ur budget is 7k then prefer 600s .
Hii this is karthi , i brought XOLO A500S (black) in flipk cart .. This ph is very slim and a best smart phone for this price ..it comes with 512 ram and 4 gb internal memory ..I read lots of adv and dis adv of this ph and choose to buy this phone but its really superbb...camera quality is gud but its auto focus .. The only one dis adv is that the battery lost fastly when using internet and it takes long time to charge But this ph is superbb ..i love my phone :)
very nice and awesome set of xolo company .. it is very cheap and smart ... so i like this .. it is functioning very smooth and touch also working smoothly
Packing is good extra screen guard included its brand new working great i got problen only with its sound its very low i can't hear it sometimes 720p videos playing smoothly
It gives Sony Xperia premium look in budget price. Performance of the phone is almost similar to Moto E.
xolo a500s is really good and for 6000rs this mobile is worth, the main advantages are its supports many games and internet is also fast the only disadvantage is camera its not up to the level........ instead of buying samsung surely we can go for this since i used both samsung and xolo i consider xolo is far better than samsung
I bought this phone as soon as it arrived. Awesome phone at this price. it looks good, it feels good in your palm. A great package.
If you want to buy phone in 7k then go with Moto E. Xolo touch is not smooth, sound quality is not good, I feel like China.
I had used this phone for 8 months. Good phone for the price if you are a first time android user. Poor battery backup, Worst customer service(I mentioned worst customer service coz my friend had a better model than this. Battery bulged after 6 mnths of use. To get a replacement he had to wait for 3 months.), Mic volume and earpiece volume doesnt give out the best sound and after changing the factory setting , no use. Screen becomes irresponsive at some angles. For others who have been using a smartphone you can try this as a spare phone.
this is really good looking phone and really a stylish looks. if you have budget around 7000 or less then go for this. its really good product by LAVA Company. i really like it but please use it only for minor game not for the high graphics game cause it not going to happen in this phone. u can easily use social network on this phone.
Phone was delivered at appropriate time, in good condition. As far as phone is concerned, battery backup is little toublesome. You need to charge it atleast once a day. Rest Touch screen 3/5 Look 4.5/5 flash 2/5 cam 3/5 processor 4/5 multitasking 3/5 battery backup 2/5
Bought this set being attracted to the design and look, despite the sales boy telling that this is not robust one. After purcahse, i realized three biggest disadvantages in that order. 1. Service is poor as they keep you waiting for 3-5 weeks for repair if some parts need replacement as it happened with me. Phone got hung and they wanted to replace the touch screen. After 1 month i have not recd the set. 2. The touch screen is poorly responsive. 3. audio quality is poor and volume is also too low to enjoy the music. After I was disappointed with this set, I bought MOTO-E. It is beautiful and best buy in that price. Go for it.
I Will take this mobile for my friend its so good and but touch is some slow ******************************************************************************************************************
Hi friends, this is Utsav from kolkata. I have recently buyed a XOLO A500S from flipkart. I have no words about it. Unbelievable performance and style. Superb battery backup and HD recording camera. I am very happy as I make this decision to buy this product. One more thing want to add.... Thanks Flipkart for so wonderful delivery procedure on time and for providing me such a nice product.
very nice and good model but whn we open for use its battery and charger has shows problem and sme we went to service centre ...... delivery also ontime..thnks to flipkart..
Its gud mobile in this price it is no hanging problem it better than other and very slim trim looking good. its features and sped osm samsung chipset no good its just fame, but no good mobile so i advise u buy xoloA500s mobile
using for past 1 month working good nice mobile working fine and fast value for money but flash and camera is not so good
Its a budget phone with good performance. Camera ok to that cost. When it comes to SERVICE , forget about that.
pls launch a qwerty android mobile and It's configuration 1gb ram, 8mp camera, 1.3 dual core processor, 4.2 jelly bean,2000 mah battery
It is a good phone with the price. Only issue is it's volume - which is bit low. Rest every thing is fine.
i purchased this phone on 8 april this year ................ this is totally bakwas..............battery backup is so poor ............... voice clearity is not good .............phone charger is very poor...................camera also bad .................. in all dnt puchase this phone.....................
its been almost 6 months i purchased this fone for my brother. as he is an overexcited teen, i did expect that any fone he uses would last for more than 3-4 months. but fortunately this Xolo A500S is doing fine in my brother's hand. that means it can endure anything!! its a nice sturdy fone and value for money. haven't faced any problem till now.
Hey Guys i Bought this Phone From Flipkart around 7 months Back. that too with an express delivery from Flipkart ( You guys Rock). & am extremely happy about this product. I have never faced a single issue till date. No Hang ups, No lags while running Apps. Am loving my Xolo A500s. Great vaule for the money u pay. U can't get better than this. Highly Recommend to the people who needs a power packed Mobile with Small Budget. Xolo Keep on the Gr8 Work. Only Cons is that the inbuilt Speaker Volume is less. Other than that Its a beautiful & Stylish Mobile.
it is a cheap phone...thats good but the performance degrades with time...i faced some problems while playing games and multi tasking....touchscreen is good...headphone quality is average...but i wont suggest to go for it...
It has all features i expected and its a bang for Buck ...this is my first Android phone,im totally satisfied with this.
Beautiful piece with an iphone finish. Works pretty well without any technical issues. Great to get a piece of such a nice look and feel in the given budget.
The delivery part from Flipkart is Fine. But when I so witched on my new Xolo A500s set it didn't recognize any Sim. Then I tried to restart but after that it didnt even start. You cant expect such problems from a new set. (especially when you gift it to someone) When I contacted XOLO service center they told the product cant be replaced because we replace only withing 7 days of purchase. (I bought on May2 and reached on 9th). Neither such policy is there in XOLO booklet nor the retailed told so. I would strongly suggest you to not to buy this product, especially if you want to gift someone.
This phone is simply worth every penny that I paid for - the features are quite good for a phone just over 6k... Only downside is the camera clarity, however I'll be contempt with the present camera quality for this budget phone.
Value for every paise u paid. xolo had done a wonder full job.............................................
i buyed my phone in one month it is creating problem sometimes it gets dead sometime mic problem. no offence but xolo is not upto the mark in its service. disppointed after buying this phone and with the service of xolo. i want to give zero rating i dont have any other option rather than that so giving 1. not worthy big zeroooooooooooooooooooooooooooo to u. 000000000
I bought the mobile and hardly used it for 4 days. It stared to Flash XOLO logo and it just wont boot up. I gave it to the authorized service center and still waiting for them to come back. They say the mobile is sent to the factory for a repair.
bad back panel which fades away and gets discoloured quite easily, good graphics and design,camera also catch peoples faded pics like its missing life.Paid Rs6579 for it which others we re giving in Rs 5200 for it.All in all itney paisey me itna he milega
nice touch screen good looking long life battery nice processor camera is not good as 5MP In this price this mobile is very good smarty look 1 GHZ processor good
low ringtone low speaker volume total crap not suggested for person who is on the bike most of the time.
nice phone ....battery only 6 hours but all others are good ...if battery is good no match for it.both front and back camera also good ...touch is too good ...best for playing games..and tooo slim phone
Low budget very nice mobile dual core .. battery life good at all performance good according to budget happy happy happy never hangs up :D
Good Product to buy. value for money..I believe shipment & delivered with in time. Also product is as expected...
Xolo A500S was my first Non-Premium Branded Phone. I have purchased this for my friend. It hardly worked a day. To my surprise. No network was detected. We went to service center. They gave DOA Certificate through which I have got a refund. Thanks to the seller & Flip Kart for refunding Money on time. Personally I will not suggest A500S for anyone!
Nice features in this mobile within a price range below 7k. Good one for gamers and people who rely on GPS mostly. Camera is not so great, compared to 5MP in samsung and other brands, but in this price range, its ok. Overall, a good one in its category. Indian brands are evolving. Service should be improved to increase the sales. Finally customer satisfaction is the one which increase the selling.
It's a great value for the money. Has a nice camera and is very fast and easy on battery. Intel chipset is a good choice.
I purchased this phone and used it for 20 days and i was never enjoyed it. Look is nice but touch is very unresponsive and even battery performance is worst ever. Don't recommend such cheap quality phone.
this mobile is the best in its price range plus its made in India thts y its cheap better than any samsung,htc and micromax phones under Rs12000 range its comparatively lighter than any other Indian brand. just bought a piece and i dont have any complains but sometimes when the battery gets hot(happens only when put in a bag or a pouch with direct contact with sun) the phone just goes blank(it doesnt shut down only goes blank and is cured by removing and putting the battery back in its place) all my family members own xolo pieces only and I woud say buy this piece only. do not hesitate.
If you think 6K bucks worth good for this smarphone...don't think like that..its like putting your money on fire.
My Xolo handset started malfunctioning on the 4th month of purchase. I device was handed over to the Xolo service centre in Calicut (Mobile Lab) on February 24, 2014. (Work Order Number: 310000285355). More than 45 days and still Xolo care has not returned my handset. I have contacted the service centre, who stated that the handset has been sent to Xolo facility for servicing. I have registered a complaint in CORE.NIC.IN, the consumer complaint portal and still there is no reply. Xolo is not a good brand. Their service is the worst in the world. Please stay away from Xolo products.
Very nice handset.This set is very portable and nice, everything in the phone is awesome. I really like this phone very much. Thanks to xolo jai hind
i purchase from it from flipkart, services from is good but battery is very poor, it take more than 4 hour to full cahrge and get discharge in 4 to 6 hours.
Very Good. Worth a Buy. Fast android interface apt to XOLO performance.
Over all Mobile is good (for the price) except few things like getting heated up soon, keypad issues (sometimes the keys pressed is not displayed properly)
The service offered by flipkart was very good,the product was shipped almost earlier then approximated time. the product quality is also very good ,especially the look is very nice and attractive ,from the point of price tag of 5661 (offer) the quality is really very satisfactory ,don,t go for it if you want a magnetometer, and other tech,also the gps provided is a-gps not gps which means you will get your location in a range of more or less 40m while in the case of gps the accuracy is of about 1 m ,even you could see pointer rotating if you rotate your phone,but this is not available in it,any way after seeing my mobile working properly after surviving a road accident ,the quality is also trustable in my case
xolo a500s is not a good phone at all.i have from flipkart.it is a very slow phone even if u insert 8gb microsd into it.battery is the worst.after 2 months of usage the phone didnt switch on.i went to authorised dealer of xolo. he said its a battery problem and asked to go other store near it .he said the address.i went there.he said he will repair it but he didnot mention what was the problem.the phone got on and started charging.i thought the phones problem was resolved .but i went charged it in car it was showing 1 percent charging for almost 10 mins.again i went there, another person came from there and said ic has gone.he repaired it and gave.so i had to wait more than 3 hours in same place .now lets come to gaming performance.though it boast a mali 400 gpu its gameplay is very poor .simple games like angry birds crashes.i clean the caches regularly still it is very slow.its camera is ok.battery drains in 5 hours of standby. it is not worth buying this phone
i hv never seen such a worst product like that after purchaging next my cell is nt working nt even its on.
I bought this phone by market because i could not wait for 3 days of delivery time from flipkart, and moreover the price i were to pay for phone was just rs 100 more than the flipkart price, so it didnt made difference so i bought this phone. Today after using this phone for six month i am writing the review and today why i am writing because i am going to sell this phone. I am not complaining that i didnt get this in the phone, rather i want to complaint that, what ever was given was not upto mark. Camera: Of course it is 5 megapixel and much better than karbon A series, but is actually not. the images clicked by the camera captures faded color. If u zoom the color gets fade and there is something not present there that make u feel that the image is upto mark, but if you take the image from karbon A series phone in full day brightness, the image quality is awesome. I clicked the image of a text of my book from xolo camera and my friend clicked too with its Karbon, but the difference that i observed by karbon, was really to be mind. On zooming the text was very clearly visible by karbon camera but on my phone it was not.... Oh.......... bad....... nt much but it is..... Typing: the thing that made me extremely dissatisfied. A lot of lags in typing. In laying straight, you cant type that u want to type. if u want to type M then u have to press N or B, only then u have M. Very bad experience in typing. This make me to sell the phone. the message that i use to write with my C5-05 in 1 minute, can be written in more than 2-3 minutes. worst experience regarding typing. Processor: in three months of begging the processor worked well but now it has been slow down, even i have restored it once. now i have just few apps like MX player, Opera Mini, Flash, notepad, newshunt, mahendra app, english to hindi dictionary. Even i don't have any game, but still processor is not woring properly. There is lags in processing.... really disappointing. I have these apps that consume very small ram, but still all the time i go to apps in setting, the free space of ram is 20-30 MB. Sound Quality: the earphone company provided is very cheap. If u plugged the earphone in and the sound is on 14 in music player, it can make u deaf... so please dont use the ear phone without reducing the volume... My charger has also been dead, last day i bought new one. he he he dear Xolo.... my advice. Stop doing like this. I and my type of customers could have really happy if u had provided somewhat less but that work upto mark. U provided all, but nothing works well. Camera quality is good but infact poor. Processor is good but infact poor. Touch senstivity is good but typing is poor.... This type of phone is used to bought by the persons who want to use Whats app, facebook, dictionary like apps but if the typing does work like this then how to tolerate... but dear users now dont start thinking like this about all the phones of xolo.... may b somewhat high range phones are doing well... but honestly... now i will feel hesitant in touching xolo any device.... This phone is for persons who want to show that they have android but dont want to use it actually like android.... have a nice time all dear...
Good packing, product was safe when delivered. A good buy for this price. HD display and video streaming is amazing. This was a gift for my Dad, but delivery was delayed by 2 days, raised a complaint after which it got delivered. A bit disappointed due to this, Otherwise 5/5.
I bought 2 of this cell phones almost two months back.....not for myself but for 2 friends Must say they both are happy for the fine performance, cute looks and moderate pricing. After all many phones carries similar configurations and price tags, but what matters is the personal liking and affinity about the brands. I recently saw the XOLO Q1100, must say it is better than the Moto G in many aspects. Will be buying one soon, and of course from FLIPKART. I am a devoted buyer from flipkart for over 2 years and not a single minus point to talk about. Cheers
overything is perfact about this phone. i love this phone.. it doesn't hang.. bettry backup is least for one and half day..
I have purchased this product from flipkart, asusual their delivery is good. This is phone is value for money and i have observed two deficiencies in this phone. Low speaker volume for calls,you have to manage with headset and battery getting discharged when u use data services. Except these two,phone is OK
When i got this for my bro...he was amazed that in this price all the features are quite good on this phone.i have used the handset for near about a hour or more..it is really value for money..i agreed that it is a perfect gaming phone..now my bro is quite happy and enjoyed to have such device
XOLO A500S is worth for the price given. Flipkart price is the best one i found. I got screen gaurd with the pack, very good. consider to give a flip cover and cn charge extra also.
I wont recommend buying it. When u can get a phone like the Moto G now for just 14k why go for anything else. those who are in need of a very cheap smart phone under 6k can buy it. But still i would recommend Nokia X of 8K rather than this. But i have to agree on one thing. It has better build quality than Micromax or Samsung Phones.
its very nice and chiper cell phone..for every one.xolo 500 is cell phone of the year. in my sence..i like this phone and very2 thanku for flipkart and its price range.
NICE PHONE ALSO GOOD FEATURES (MID RANGE MOBILE TO ALL CUSTOMERS) WITH REASONABLE PRICE AVAILABLE IN FLIP KART ON TIME DELIVERY I LOVING IT
I bought this phone for my wife 3 months back. Its a nice phone. If your budget is 5K-6K then you can go for this. One should not expect any high end features in this price range of phones. The screen, camera and speed all are OK for a normal user. The looks of the phone are very good. I did lot of research before selecting this phone. I compared it with all the models available in market in this price range and found it the best. I even got this at the best price (5600/-) at that time from flipkart. Going by the reviews there are mostly ve reviews here. I myself bought this after reading ve reviews here on flipkart. It is a successful model from the Xolo brand, you can easily find its accessories in the market now a days.
i think this mobile hang every time when we open more than 2 application. its take time when i start 3d type game. ans sound is also not up to mark.
I had purchased Xolo Smart phone from Flipkart and I am fully satisfied with the said phone. I re-command to all, to purchase best gaze-ts from Flipkart.
I've been using this phone for the past 3 months, and I've not faced any issue till now. Its a great phone, slim design, with good battery life. The only con is the camera, its average and the pictures are grainy. All in all, its a great phone at this price !
Last 1 month Before i Purchase Xolo A500S Smart Phone... 1st Time i afraid, Becoz is this Company Product or not. but After Purchase this Mobile My Friends also buy this Mobile one by One... Advantage: -->Soft Touch Screen -->Large Display -->Jelly Bean Version -->Low Cost -->4GB internal Memory(But 1.40 only Usable) -->512MB Ram -->Anti-Thief In-build Apps. -->GPS Disadvantage: --> At the Same time 4, 5 Games cant installed --> full Charge to takes Very Long time take Totally Valuable to 10K Mobile.. I like it Xolo......
I have been using this phone since ane and a half month and observed few pros and cons pros: 1) Good battery life at standby 2) nice design and a smooth hand grip 3) much efficient cons: 1) the sound while listening songs at speaker is literally too low 2) the voice on speaker phone while calling is unbearable thankyou
I bought this phone but on the go was a littel upset that i havent ordered the ips display one, but today i dont regrert it this phone worth for its price great price no lag till now nice gaming exprience unlike samsung it dont hang also
no problem in mic its working good also 1.looks like Sony 2.feels like Sony (I mean it ) 3.display is just awesome 4.performance is on par with all device under 10k 5.price CONS 1.camera night mode 2.can play HD 3.finding the brand name on phone is difficult when they make a product this good they can start building their image too . 4.stock headsets are of very poor quality spoils the music experience
Phone is good should had buyed IPS touch. Camera ok kind not to an extent of 5MP. Good to buy based on there requirement but compared to others voice is not gud.
Best Performance phone in this price range, worth more than 6.5K. Earlier I have lumia 620 but it sucks, Battery life is fine. Speed is OK even after lots of software installation. One of few phone below 10K range have Accelerometer.
i bought this one four days ago its awesome this thing supports dead trigger , nfs and other hd games and has an a bad battrey backup if wifi is on
Dont buy XOLO. XOLO has worst after sales service. I bought A500S hoping to find a good handset for low price. The mobile had problems from the day I bought it. - Proximity and other sensors stopped working. - The touch screen was not working properly and I was not able to use the keyboard maintaining my sanity. I gave the handset for servicing to XOLO care on 14th Feb 2014 and havent received it back yet. They dont call or give you any explaination whatsoever about the handset. I think I have lost the handset now and valuable time. I am from pune.
Bought this for my brother and has been delivering good. Have compared with a lot of low cost android phones and way too better than micro-max, lava, carbon, etc. Please don't compare with Samsung/Sony/Nokia as the relative models are 40-50% costly and hence are properly tested and built. this phone has less h/w issues and average s/w issues
its good handy n cheap cell as we indian need.satisfy with xolo A500S.though flash light and song voice clarity is not so good but overall u can buy this stylish phone.
it's a time real a very bad experience about this cell phone. it can be are battery backup was good. but, battery charging backup are it's tuff. more than 8 hours.
I'm using this mobile for past 4 months, the performance is great, the model is awesome. This kind of performance and design for 6000 is unbelievable. The camera is not as expected. If you not really concerned about camera, you can buy this this mobile with eyes closed. With these features in Samsung or Sony will cost around 18000, for 6000 it is real is a steal. I recommend this mobile if your not concerned about the camera, except camera all other things are awesome. The speed is unbelievable. Not even a log while working. Thanks XOLO!
Good,worth to buy , Internet option are good and fast, Ring tone volume is too low, very apt to students
The phone is really good.But, the only issue with this phone is the long time battery.But considering the price it is really good phone
Very nice mobile with reach of features. Value for money, Got fast delivery and with nice packing. This mobile is good compare to other mobiles of samsung in this price. I have tried with installing many heavy games and run all one by one, but no lagging and working very well. Camera result is also good.
I am not a big fan of touchscreen but this one takes me to a different level of hating the touchscreen. I am an sms kinda person so this is a huge problem for me. Texting takes hours, forget the fact that its very very and very slow. Hate this phone from the bottom of my heart.
fully satisfied with my new xolo handset I hv buy .......no defect found .....grt delivery well in time .....I will rate 5/5 to flipcart as well as xolo 500s
I received phone by 3rd march of 2014, Its a very nice phone it this price, stylish slim body working smoothly,battery backup is sufficient, headphone sound is not good enough,but its a perfect smartphone for me. Thank you Flipkart team and WS Retail for the delivery in 3working days.
I ordered this phone as a gift to my little sister who is not fussy about brands at all. She likes to use this phone now. Quiet sturdy hardware, rarely hangs. Camera quality is good according to the price tag. I am using Z1 right now and cant compare this to my last phone OneX or Z1 but the ease of use (Of course its Android) and hardware doesnt let you feel down. Overall, I would say that this is awesome value for money.
These many features at this price is really good. Its definitely a Value for Money phone. Already bought 4 phones between our friends circle and all are working fine.
i have placed this order and got a sms from flipkart that order placed successfully...but still the order didnt get processed...
worst ever speaker performance and mic quality is very poor. i baught this phone 2 days back n frm day one itself i m nt finding this phone as i hoped it would be. being a budget phone the features are good but the performance is very poor especially thea audio performance of the speaker and mic. the songs are not audible when played on speaker mode
This phone is very fragile. This phone felt from my pocket & phone lost its touch as well as display also. I have given XOLO A500S mobile for repair on 11th January 2014 to following address: Siri Communications 6-2-641, Shop 18, Opp. Shadan College, Hyderabad Contact Person - Mr. Jagdeesh (9642504181) 50 days had been passed. I am still waiting for my handset. Service center is not providing any clarification. Persons from service center do not pick up calls.calls. Xolo have not given me any alternative handset to use. I am just following up with service center & wasting my time & energy. Worst service!!!!! Friends, these mobile importer companies like Xolo will make your life nightmare if you face any service issues. Please do not buy these fragile phones!!!
I have purchased a xolo mobile(A500s) on dated 24 Dec 2013 from flipkart and I got mic problem after one week then I reset the mobile and it was worked but problem has not resolved after one month I visited service centre(Ambe Electronic-Noida-18) for same issue and they took time for 10 days for repair(MIC replacement). And I got same problem on same day after received the handset. Then I again visited at same service center for same issue. And I got again mic issue on same day after received my handset. Now third time I given my handset on same service center for same issue(MIC not working), Now its passed about 10 days and I haven't got any information from xolo care nor service center. When I called at service center they told me, contact to xolo care and when I called Xolo care they told me contact to service center. Really its very critical issue but they took as casual.....!
If u guys are looking for any phone which is under 10k, just go for this. Xolo A500S, Slim phone, easy to handle. the main problem in this is the youtube video buffering is too slow.
i received product quickly. think its Exclent value for money. the product finish is very beautiful. camera quality is also good but not as 5 mp as of Samsung. ringer voice is very low so its difficult to know your phone is ringing when its in your pocket. mp3 quality is good for headphone but voice is low for speaker.
good product and which have a fit,finish and good look...... best in price range...............................................
Good Budget Android Phone With Lot Of features Like A Standard Android Phone Loudspeaker Sound is Little Low Otherwise The All fetures Are Working Well
Really Xolo A500s was a good product, now i use this, all of my friends says mobile was so worthful and looking smart. smooth working , camera super both , head set not good, touch ok, best budget smart phone, wonderful ...Os v 4.2 jelly bean real.
if u want to buy xolo a500s ... then think once more because it is not a gud phone..... and compare it by micromax canvas viva a77.............becase i find it too low in comparision of canvas a77.......so. think once more......
This is good ph and very cheap and looks good and function is also goodand this ph is very light this is good phone i like it and i recommended this all my friends to buy this ph
Though its very early to post the review.. First look is always the best look... The image shows Fluorescent Green [Yellowish Green].. Wherein the one i received is Dark Green.. It looks so blunt.. Otherwise features are good for now.. Hoping the same hereafter as well ...
sleek design, fast processor, useful inbuilt apps(like xolo secure).. and many more features.. worth buying it..
The phone is good overall performance wise but the battery is not up to the mark.the camera is good.voice clarity is also good
this is a very good buy for me with many pros and few cons. Android is too good. Apps run without any problem. Xolo power software turns out to be very helpful Hangs at very rare cases. Sleek design , looks magnificent. Looked mind blowing when i first got it out of the case. The camera quality is undeniable magnificent. At this amount of money this is a very good piece and returns your money to full value . youtube streaming, 3G speed is lightening fast. Yeah but battery runs out too very soon. And i mean very soon :( Overall a very good buy :)
Guyz dis phone is jst awesome... dis phone's look killed me... itz sooo stunning... such an amazing phone for jst 6200... UNBELIEVEABLE !!! i've got grt response frm my frnds too.... guyz dont think jst gooo for it.. !! LUVD IT...
Frankly speaking at the price range of this you can't expect anything better than this. I bought this phone from flipkart and not disappointed with the services. This phone has good and sensitive touch, good speed, supports all applications and games, nice camera with flash, 4.2.2 android. What else you expect in this price range. Where all the other brands charging 2-3k extra for the same features. It also have good quality service centres in all leading cities. Superb device!!!
great performance of xolo ... and excellent service by flipkart i suggest others to go for it.. each and every feature of other costly android set is incorporated in this.best use for middle class people who have got restrictions on budget in purchasing cellphones...
good to use this mobile .. xolo A500 is good for this amount . i continue my purchase in flipkart . flipkart is good in customer support and service
Got this piece of tech for Rs.5560 from flipkart. I have no idea that how the price went down so much. Anyway, the performance is good considering the price point. Temple Run 2 and Subway Surfers ran without lags. But I must say that the camera will disappoint you; quality of the pictures were below par. Moreover, it's not auto-focus cam. The green box in the camera app is nothing more than an animation. But overall performance of the phone is very good. Useless to say, delivery by E-kart was damn fast!
THIS PHONE IS BEST PHONE IN 7K BUDGET . DONT TRUST OTHER REVIEWS, BELIEVE ME. I BHOUGHT THIS PHONE ON 2ND JANUARY 2014. AND BELIVE ME I NEVER LOOKED BACK . THIS PHONE GIVES BEST GAMING EXPERIENCE. I WAS WORRIED TOO AFTER SEEING THESE REVIEWS BUT WHEN I CAME TO USE IT IT GAVE BEST OF IT. SO DONT BOTHER JUST ORDER IT.
Look Nice Speed good The picture quality is not very great in low lighting, but pretty good for an average camera with normal lighting Battery Drains quickly while using Whatsapp and other apps. it takes about 4 hours to charge completely when battery is complete nil. Body Quality not so good.
+ Stunning Looks, Good performance, Price Range. Display: 4 inch TFT display with 800 x 400 pixel resolution(16 M colors and 233 ppi) does fine job
Hello frds..xoloA500s one of the best phone.Becoz it got good camera, battery backup and especially Mobile sleek design oh my god Really awesome. If any one wants to by new mobile Buy xolo it will be the best choice believe me instead of going for samsung, htc, sony,etc.... if u have 10k are 7k xolo is the best mobile i can say . i am using this moblie from last 2 months amazing mobile smart phone good features. Buy xolo u r life becomes solo becoz u will be busy playing games watching videos...enjoy the day..bye..
xolo a 500S is good mobile , its a smart phone and very easy to use. Its music system is not so good very dull sound...
nice product with all features in this price. And also avilable for me on less price comparetively aal other sites
Only 2 cons.. 1) - mic problem 2)- its heat up quickly whn you charging or playing games.. Other than its a good budget phone.
Low price, ultra slim, very premium look. OS consumes a lot of RAM, 1GB RAM will make it the best and give other brands run for their money.
I bought this mobile from flipkart, and to my surprise it was delivered in 2 days. Nice mobile with good battery backup, latest Android 4.2 Jelly bean and a nice 4 inch capative screen.This phone come at the cost of 5K which I think is worth the buy. Overall nice experience with this mobile . Just adding a note the mobile comes with 2 screen gaurd. So there is no need of purchasing a new one. I would say "Go for it !"
Flipkart,,, you people are wonderful,, service is very good,, coming to the mobile,, This mobile looks very posh at first sight, features in this mobile are also good, XOLO options are also good, sometimes i felt that the volume is lesser that other mobiles,, overall this is a worth for the amount paid,
This is my first Android phone and I am very impressed with it. Its great value for money and it has all the features I can ask for. The phone is very responsive even with multiple apps open and picks up signals where my earlier phone used to show no signal. The speaker feature is very good and I use it a lot. The screen is very responsive and the pictures taken with it come out great. I still haven't tested the camera in low light yet. A great buy at a great price.
product is good battery sucks. battery is not okay for frequent traveller battery will bw a concern . otherwise its the best in range
This is the best thing which you can get under 7000 in the recent market..has an Nvidea graphics and 1.3Ghz processor which says it all...trust me just go for it blindfolded :) :)
I bought it and am using it for a just a week... i had always used 3g only till now for the first sim. so yesterday i changed it to 2g mode , it was good, and now when i try to put back to 3g mode, data is not working... i tried it with other= sim cards also... and now i am from a village and where should i find a service center, even their logistics partner fedex will ask me to comme 50kms...sure the other specs are woth it for this price... but 1 week is too little for problems and their service is a big question mark.
I bought this phone a week ago, and what I found is just amazing.! The sleek design, the processor, the touch and the display is what attracted me the most. Being a student, this phone is a beast for me, and literally when I carry this phone people do ask me that is it SONY or HTC.?? Just in love with this phone. Having a budget within 10k, buy this.! Thums up from my side.! :) :)
i have used this product. It.s too much smooth... Camera quality is very fine.. but the secondary camera is not a good.. Android function also a good quality. nice Gaming experience.. It Is a cool Mobile. it might be more upgraded to the next level, so have hope for the next handset.
Budget Android Phone with latest android Good screen and features Bad quality headset and charger
It was my mistake to buy this for gifting someone. It worked till the battery was charged. After that it could not be charged.Since this happened after 10 days of delivery, the dealer could not do anything. The service center is 40 kms away from my place, I am not getting time to get it repaired.I will not suggest anybody for this product.
XOLO A5OOS is worth for the consumer interms of his value for money. Budget one. Thank you., excellent delivery by flipkart
For the price i paid, this is a very good gadget. comparatively to other brands the features are very good
The Xolo A500S is an Excellent android Phone with all the features within a very very reasonable price. Its looks are perfect and nobody can identify it as Xolo in the First look. It is very Slim at the same time and not heavy at all. it is good choice if you are going for this one, i am having Blue one So, don't copy me buy all the other different colors offered by Xolo
THIS IS THE BEST ANDROID PHONE THAT I HAVE EVER USED IN MY LIFE IN THIS PRICE RANGE THERE IS NO COMPANY TO GIVE THIS TYPE OF HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE IN THIS PRICE RANGE I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERY SINGLE ANDROID LOVERS MOREOVER WITH NEW IPS DISPLAY IT IS MORE AWESOME.. BUY IT
If you don't bother about the brand this is the best piece with all the features at best price. Thank you flipkart for giving me this product for less than the market price (y)
Though Xolo Might not be a brand for many people , but this phone has killer looks with exceptionally good performance.
phones display broke, n they don't have a replacement display and they make sure its not available in any shop and the authorised service centre(who repairs all phones) kinda lie saying: display would cost 800/- less than original price of the phone, as good as buying a new phone, ridiculous i'd say
Its good phone at this price. About flipkart i must say wonderful shipment service. What should i say about the phone...I have started using this for few days now and till have not got any complaint about it. Everthing is good for now
Very good for the price it comes at. Most of high end games do not work smoothly but if you can get the ram high then the games do work. Calling, sms and other social apps work out of the box with no issues.
Pros: dual sim android 4.2 Jellybean 3g,wifi, 4 inch display Cons: Battery time Worst headset-some pieces are having receiver problem in mobile. Go for this mobile if you are in tight budget and to have a first time android experience
Display quality is very good and Battery back up is also good But music quality is little bit low. Overall good product for the money paid. Design liked by everyone.
The delivery is ultimate. good . It reached before i expect. and regarding quality of product , still working good.and the camera is no as expected. otherwise best phone to purchase
used this product for 2 month. gets hot very quickly. try using gps and wifi and see the battery countdown. but easily gives a backup for 3 working days, when no games/power apps were used, but about 4 hours of 2g phone calls and full time 2g internet active with 10 minutes email, live watsapp sync. Noticeable Lags when changing homescreen. camara flash is pathetic. cant even click a picture 50 cm away in darkness.
over all phone is very good...worth to purchase..low price best features and look...........using this phone since last three months
xolo is on of cheapest mobile indian brand......!!!Excellent Build Quality no compromise.........!!! i am using XOLO Q700vice nice comparing to samsung galaxy mobiles..!!!
Very recently I have purchased Xolo A500 S. The performance of the mobile is very excellent comparing with other this cost mobiles
awsome phone......better than galaxy s duos...as it is only of price 6k.......i bought it from retail store.... performance wise superb..... with moderate use battery will give you a whole long day....graphics is superb.... runs almost all high end games...... video camera records 720p hd video..... bt still camera could have been better.....altough it is written as 5mp it will give you as good as 2mp...... but all in all its the best smart phone i used ever(used lumia 520, galaxy s duos). so feel free to buy.... and dont go behiend the brands.... its the best smartphones under 10k.......:-)
Very brilliant phone. Love at first sight.I have compared XOLO A500S and then ordered thru Flipkart.Delivered timely to my office.This is my second purchase from Flipkart .First is Karbonn A26 (5" inch EDGE Phone..It is also very very good phone as I am using it more than 3 months without a single problem).Xolo A500S in Blue colour is a owners pride.It is very fast ,colour is excellant,Camera is nice.All gams like Subway,Temple Run2 runs with butter smooth touch.But fipcover is not available.Value foe money.Go for it.
goog phn at this price goog camera good sound good screen touch vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvfffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
xolo A 500s in this product You will buy your are money throw a dust bin never ever buy this product. This model mobile is very dead slow 3G surfing and 2G is wast of time we are waiting surfing. A-GPS is not working hang on a map . Sound quality is worst and head phone is worst quality. Touch pad is not properly working, If you type y it'll show t . Camera 5MP is only name wise camera it's also worst. Please guy's never buy this product. I purchased in this product I phased lot's of problems in this phone
Phone is Superb user interface jellybean 4.2.2 nice processor ok ram 512 and model is superb and it runs all most graphics game like most wanted and others and battery back up is good has front camera too for video conference and sensors totally u cant get this specific phone at this cheap rate :)
good product for such a price i can play hd videos and internet speed is superub major problem was about camera its not good it has 2megapixal clarity they said it has 5mp. i thanked flipkart for such a quick delivery i got it with in 4 days from i ordered
Worth for price, good configurations, touch but sound quality is worst compare to other brand. Headset is too bad.
!!! 100 DAYS IN XOLO SERVICE CENTRE AND STILL NOT REPAIRED OR REFUND AND THEY HAVE NO IDEA WHO MUCH TIME IT WILL TAKE.XOLO HAS WORST SALES AFTER SERVICE . MY XOLO X 900 WAS SENT TO CUSTOMER CARE ON 27.09.13 COMPLAINT ID 310000116176 XOLO X 900 IMEI NO 911202500067020 WHICH HAS NEVER REPAIRED & RETURN BACK THEY REPLACED IT WITH A USED X 1000 IMEI 911300450072337 WHICH STOPPED WORKING THE SAME DAY AGAIN DEPOSTIED THE MOBILE FOR REPAIR WHICH IS NOT RETURNED TILL DATE.
It is really good phone. There is only one problem in it is photo zooming(pinch zoom) does not work properly. Otherwise -Battery backup is good -good storage space even on less price
I buy this phone before 15 days. now suddenly it's not switching on. i went to customer care they told me that this seriesphone having this issue and they will return it to me after 45days. it's totally disappeared. if you thinking to buy this phone please don't buy this phone as per my side.
really, I didn't purchased this mobile from flipkart , as a result I was in loss of Rs.300. Next time , I will not do this mistake again :-( Coming to the mobile, It brings some kind of smile on my face. When I was opening the box of Xolo A500s , I was bit of nervous, because my brother was is favour of buying costly branded mobile and I was in favour of buying cheaper Xolo mobile which is a premium product of Lava and Intel. In the end ,my brother admit that my decision of buying Xolo was right. There are lots of comments regarding mic problem and bad sound output and poor camera quality but i do not found any problem on my mobile. Yess, the camera of Xolo is not upto the mark like branded mobiles but it is not poor either. It takes very nice pics in day and night too. Atleast greater quality than any other Indian brand. Sound quality is perfect from speaker but from headphones , bass effect is not available which can be made available by purchasing bass enabled earphone. Performance of CPU, gaming experience is greater than 10 thousand rupees branded mobile available in the market. Battery backup is ok..ok.. not so good ..not so bad too. you should buy this mobile.. It is value for money. It is not a perfect mobile , but it is very near to perfection.
I hv buy this phone before one month...after 2-3 days from buying, it get hang. Touch pad of the phone was not calibrated so when we are pressing any key it does not work but side by key was work so that i hv requested for replacement. after 3-4 request flipkart has replaced the peice but same problm has found in newer one. better you go for another fon. look is too good and good at this budget so it is better for android lovers who does not use more features.
Excellent...no words... Battery back up ... 2 camerazz slim.... low cost 2 year warranty what else u want for this cost..from an android.
It Was a good phone,the last mont i purchase a xolo a500s black but xoloa500s red is very glamour phone choos xolo A500s Red----shamsu
This phone is a budget phone will all the features you want for a moderate android user.. The phone is fast and can take care of games like Angry Birds, Temple Run2 without a hitch.. Only problem is that the resolution of the camera is a bit low..
This phone is total wastage. Had bought the phone before 2 weeks by seeing the ample features it is providing. But the phone quality is worst. Within two weeks the phone touch is gone. It is not responding at all. It is not working after resetting also. So if you want my advice, better go for Micromax if you want Indian brands. Don't go for Xolo or other.. There is no complain about the Flipkart service. It is the best for its pricing and fast delivery. So you can blindly order your product in Flipkart.
Very nice phone in the price segment... slim and beautiful.... loved this product.....only con is the camera... other than that i loved this product.. planning to purchase another 2 mobile of the same company....
Had bought it for one of my friends, Good built, Better than average phone within a limited budget. Included earphones are not so great. One good thing is it does not have too many unwanted apps so it would be worth downloading what is required.
Thanx to XOLO/LAVA team for XOLO A500S. I purchased this phone after seeing the phone, of my friend, i like this very much cause of the low price and high features like any other BIG company phones have, and i like it's slim look, scratch free back panel, less weight, supports all apps and games, u can watch HD videos in this phone without any disturbance. After seeing my phone, three of my friends ordered the same model phone. I Strongly request to XOLO/LAVA or any other sellers to release the flip cover and other types of covers for the MODEL, again i thank to XOLO/LAVA Team for making XOLO A500S
xcellent touch...xcellent gaming graphics...xcelent video quality...bt bad camera in low light...nd nt so good in 2g internet....
First day of my purchase,i am not satisfied with the touch functionality. To open an app i need to touch or press harder. Thought i made a good decision of going for it but i regret, buying XOLO.
All things is good except touch screen response. some times not respond to click on application. Battery back up is not so good for running movies, surfing on net through wifi and playing games.
Please do not buy this phone . Hardware & price vise its an appealing deal but you end up just looking at the box because the phone would be with the service center. The after sales service is so pathetic that you wont believe your self. My phone has been with the service center for last 2 months and I just used it for 10 days. Please only go for XOLO if you have all the time in the world to call them to speak to their ill trained customer exec's. You wont believe your ears when you speak to them. Also Flipkart is doing a good job by trapping people into this.They only give 10 days return policy during which you would never understand any problem about the phone.
mast set h ,koi problm nhi ,ab ok h, ENERAL 2G Network SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G Network SIM Dual SIM (Mini-SIM, dual stand-by) Weight 120 g (4.23 oz) DISPLAY Type TFT capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 480 x 800 pixels, 4.0 inches (~233 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes SOUND Alert types Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB Internal 4 GB storage, 512 MB RAM DATA GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Speed HSDPA, 21 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v3.0 USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 CAMERA Primary 5 MP, 2592  1944 pixels, LED flash Video Yes, 720p@30fps Secondary Yes, VGA FEATURES OS Android OS, v4.2 (Jelly Bean) Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Radio FM Radio GPS Yes, with A-GPS support Java Yes, via Java MIDP emulator Colors Black, White, Red, Blue - SNS integration - MP4/WMV/H.264/H.263 player - MP3/WAV/AAC+ player - Organizer - Document viewer - Image/video editor - Google Search, Maps, Gmail, YouTube, Calendar, Google Talk - Voice memo - Predictive text input BATTERY Li-Ion 1400 mAh battery
Touch is non-responsive. I took ten minutes to type six words sentence since the touch screen is so bad. If You press 'A' it will read either 'D' or 'F, sometimes when you press a single character it will read 3 or 4 character'. Its sometime worst than chinese phone which cost around Rs. 800.
Xolo is offering a huge discount on their devices when compared to others. this device is awesome and mind blowing at it's proce
I am using since four months but not satisfied. Poor quality related to voice volume. Not satisfied at all with the product.
This phones sucks big time...please dont buy this...it hangs twice a day on average after like 1 week of use....battery sucks...please go and buy a branded mobile from veterans like samsung,sony or even nokia....a big thumbs down for xolo products
Is a good phone for limited bugdet better then other local brands I am a htc and iphone user but i use it in emergency only but its really nice phone Feel like using htc phone
I love the themes which are avaliable for A500 S. It has smooth and speedy performance. I got a great phone in reasonable rate. According to the performance the prices is really cheap. The battery back is fine, it depends our phone usage. Thanks to XOLO for bring such good phones and keeping the consumers thought and activity in mind.
I got this red a500s 5 days back for 5513 by universell. I donno about others but really liked the phone since i have used both high end phones and basic ones.Processing of this phone is ultrafast with no lags till now.It is a really economical choice for basic to medium users.The only sore points are poor battery and camera which is actually like 3 megapix...u cannot scan any document and read it.Thus if u can find extl powerbank and dont care for camera then this is the phone for u.beleive me the looks and performance beats 20k plus phones anytime
Good design, good camera ,good display, good performance Great product and great price. Don't think about another models if you planning to buy a phone under 7000k..
I bought the A500S Xolo phone 1 months back and I have had a great experience with this phone. This phone has everything that you would need with all the basics. An amazing phone for the price you shell out!! I am satisfied from all aspects. At first look phone looks good, nice features like 32 gb memory card support 4.2 Jelly bean OS, 1.3 gh processor 512 mb RAM and above all Size Neither big Nor small easy to Carry in your Palm.
At around Rs.6500, its the best cell. Good signals, better battery, quality picture, sound quality is also good.
Hi, This product is value for money.. no issues as on date. Slim, light weight and good quality. Flipkart delivery is as usual... On time & perfect packaging. Bought a red color phone for my wife and after using it for 2 months bought black color for my uncle. Highly Recommended :)
I have got this phone in Rs.5450/- and it is nice phone with avg battery back up. nice display and processing but not for heavy users. All in all a good phone in this range
I bought this mobile for one of my friend. To begin with this phone has a stunning look and the display is very good quality and the color reproduction is of good quality. The Android OS is good with little tweak. I installed 32 apps and haven't got a reason to complain on its performance. The battery I must say could have been better however I guess the Android OS has been developed that way. Music good quality reproduction. Browsing is good. Well its a money worth. A good looking phone with good specs at good price.
great phone in budget all the featyres of the phone is good even camera is also nice in budget of 6500 this phone has achived the level as compare to other companies this phone has a always great deal only one thing is get negative that is its battery life
This phone is really wonderful. I bought this phone discarding all the negative reviews regarding the mic problems. I bought this for my friend first 3 months back, as a marriage gift to her. Later upon a very positive feedback from her, I also bought this a month ago. Now both the phones are running in good condition. I recommend this to people who are looking for a budget Android phone with good features. Thanks!
looks good camera quality is a-ok. speakers are fine touch is smooth no problem battery back up is good and it have 3g support looks simple nothing's to fancy best phone under 7k
I find the phone basic for an entry level android phone. If you want a better phone which is reasonable priced wait till Jan 2014 for the Moto G Flipkart delivery process was pretty good.
I have read a lots of comments about Xolo that there customer service is pathetic. Your phone may work for few days if you are lucky but if you have some problem with any Xolo or Lava phone (Both are of same) you won't get your problem resolved. They are in India that's why they are still in business. People should boycott there products.............
I have used it & found the folllowing: Ram--512 mb better than any other mobile touch screen is awesome.. sound is best.
Please do not buy any xolo phones, they started by using intels name...there phones are made with worst hardware possible...my phone went bad in 3 months...within warranty they did not fix it saying liquid damage is there....my phone never fell in water ?? still it had liquid damage...when i complained i was told by there North India head that most phones sold are rejected ones and people are returning there phones within 3-4 days...they provide no service...there service is outsourced to F1 services ...f1 concentrates only on samsung phones etc...most of the times they will refuse to fix phones on false pretext that company does not offer service on most parts.. their executives will also ask for a bribe in order to get the phone fixed....even if they take your phone months will pass before you would get it back...over all i have had the worst possible experience and not just me the internet is filled with complaints for these phones... do not fall for the low price and do not buy these because of intel....stay away spend a little extra and buy a branded phone .....
simple design, good working. better battery life.camera quality is not good as i expected. but best budget phone under 7K.
Although I don't possess this device, I have had the chance to operate it. It just feels right for a mediocre phone with all additives one hopes to look for. Really nice form factor. Instead of a 5mp cam with a useless flash which blinks / flickers like a dynamo, they could have focused on quality sensors. But it does a good job recording 720p video with crisp audio. I enjoyed holding this phone. With the latest 4.2.2 offering, it sure gives a stiff lead to many unworthy devices from other cheapskate brands. So not heavy to hold. It was priced modestly at 5,450/- yesterday. That is the right price for a noteworthy device. Kudos for the invention.
Never Ever Buy a Xolo Phone.....Instead Donate your money to some charitable cause...Bought a Xolo Phone X900 for Rs. 18900 from my hard earned money. Laminated it first day, used with proper cover as 18900 bucks meant something for me. Reasonably good device at that time in that budget. But within a time span problems begin to rise like charger dead, light bleeding from downside, power button failure, vibrator not working... finally sent the device to service center (which was actually a collection center, as xolo doesnot have service centres). On 6th November set was given (Xolo X900 IMEI 911202500168901) Sai Tele Links, Ludhiana (M) 8283836666, 7696141000 (Munish). with service no. 310000145473, and customer care promised to resolve the problems within 12 days at maximum. Here begins the harrasment, No clue of my handset whatsoever for one month and then finally mr. munish said it cant be repaired and hence they will send q700i instead after consulting with Mr. Mohit (M) 08826992714 at delhi service center and Mr. Satish 08800647774. But then again Mr. Satish said Handset can be repaired and asked to wait a few days more. Finally after 37 days i got the Handset from collection center on 13-12-2013. But they given me some other used handset with IMEI No. 911202500159108 and with so bad physical condition, with dead pixels on screen, dents and scratches all over the body, back cover in so bad shape and ridiculous low battery backup and set restarting automatically. when i cross check the service record from customer care, i found out service complaint pending for the same with service complaint no. 310000175428 for restarting problem. I can't understand how can Xolo do this to their customers. Giving some other person faulty handset to me. After contacting again with Mr. Munish, Mr. Mohit they again offered q700i, after so harrasment to close the matter i accepted that. But again a twist, Here called Mr. Satish with a condition to deposit the handset with full box and accessories. which is impossible for me as charger was dead so long before and box was recycled. So now they say a new thing that this handset is out of warranty. so here is the trick they played. when i sent the handset it was in warranty and they kept it 37 days and send a fake handset with different imei with service issues pending. All the xolo employees Munish, Mohit and Satish are all bunch of crooks. I think company pays them for this, they will take the mobile and wait for the guarantee period to over and then will give the bad mobiles to customers again and chapter close. This is not good for a brand like xolo whose turnover is touching 150 crores. The worst brand i will say. So Bad Experience. Will Never buy any xolo or lava product and will always guide people to stay away from xolo or lava. I think i have wasted my 18900 bucks from my hard earned money. After 38 days of harrasment I just want my money back. Regards, Pardeep Kwatra 09888711001 sweedan@ymail.com
Like all other android phones, its good. The only problem is the battery. It takes a lot of time to charge and the battery drains out very fast compared to other mobiles.
superb phone..but the volume can be little bit increased.. An Very good product to buy that too for ~6k with all features in it...
Overall performance is good and battery lasts long for more than a day even after browsing and gaming for more than 6hrs a day. An Very good product to buy that too for ~6k with all features in it...
my favrite smartphone in xolo A500s, best speed,best look,ultra slim,best battery backup,best gaming perfomens
The phone was delivered within 3 days and packaging was very good. As well as customer support is also awesome. Good going Flipkart Team.
Good phone but never buy these phones. Worst after sale service i have ever experienced. First of all very few service centers and these centers have no spare parts. You have to wait at least 2 months for any problem. Even company's customer care executives have no answer. They ask to contact seller not company.
product is ok, but not tested by quality control, 5 found problematic from sound (especially mic). when basic things are not good. phone is not good totally. even though consisting of many good features.
I am the unfortunate guy who committed the biggest mistake of my life when I bought a xolo product. I wasted my 11,000 rs on this God-Cursed brand. It was a XOLo q800. Due to some touch screen problems i sent it to service center and its been more than 2 months and yet no sign of getting it back. XOLO initiated the pick up service of the faulty device from my location on 24 th September 2013. Since then I am only hearing "Your product is still under repair". How is this even possible? If I had put 11k in some bank I would have gained some interest money, I suppose. Guys you need to understand that you get 12 months of warranty support and out of that 2 months is already gone thanks to their service center. What kind of a joke is that? Don't ever buy a xolo/ lava product. you are finished if you do.
Product are just okay till it working incase anything happen then you have to struggle/ cry To get it repair back, mine x900 are got dead 3 month back while resetting before handover to my bro, And till now even after 5-6 visit many escalation result are double zero U can't do anything expect regretting your unfortunate buying, never ever and ever a Xolo product
I recently bought this. Should say am impressed with it. The common mic problem which many were mentioning was not there in my case. No lags, good camera quality, light weight, looks like it supports CDMA sim too and decent battery backup.
nice phone.. drains battery when using 3g net and xolo power apps is also draining the battery.. all other features are good. for a budget android phone this s the first time i experience more talk time. Xolo service centers are required more in many places. In chennai only 1 center is available.. could be at least more than 5
Phone is sleek .. good battery backup and there is a back end development going on. so we can even expect updates unofficially.
i brought this phone 4 days ago i m in love with this phone it has got everything one needs in android phone. it lacks few features like led notification, camera is kind of blur but can be used, user interface is not very attractive but this phone is a very good deal in this price i recommend this phone
I bought this mobile 2 weeks back. After 2 weeks usage i did not found a single drawback in the mobile. No hanging. cam quality is good. Gaming experience is awesome.. 100% worth to money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best product when compared to all the available phones with the same price tag. Don't know how accurate service xolo will provide. 512RAM JellyBean is the only concern. Till now no logs. I am already using XperiaU. Xolo has better screen, Handy, Not bigger screen which always need to carry by hand :P Cam Not bad Battery Ok
nice and very slim and all latest android version 4.2.2 looking very nice. under 7k this is the best phone.
Best phone with cheap rate. The plastic behind the phone is too good. I bought Red color it was too awesome. Going for big brand names you can go for this mob with high end specifications. Its worth for 6100.
Bought on 12.11.13. Phone works well. My expectation was low because of the cost and brand name. But as of now, its all fine.
This phone has wonderful looks and it is the best phone under 15k. Firstly i had sound and mic problem but thanks SSK your trick solved my problem. I taught of replacing this phone with other but SSK's trick solved it.
I ordered Xolo a500s from flipkart on 31th october and i received it on 2nd November,so the one thing i would like to say that the flip kart has very good shipping .I have read the reviews about this products,many people have problem about the mic.But fortunately the one i received has no problems.the touch is very smooth and i would suggest the readers ,if u want to buy a phone under 7-8 k,it is a nice phone...........
Its a good phone in the range of 6k, the specs are good, the only prob is Ram but still its manageable. I would like to thank flipkart for delivering me the phone on time.
Im using this phone from past a month. Im experiencing network related issues, voice not clear and breaking often. AND MOSTLY, IT HANGS AT LEAST 2 TIMES A DAY, I'LL HAVE TO REMOVE THE BATTERY AND INSERT AGAIN EACH TIME or Else I would rate it 5 STARS.
This phone is sleek, light weight , looks are just great....but i recommend not to go for black colour other clolurs look tremendous...very fast - I would compare this with Grand duos...the processor is a class..never hangs..browsing is like feather smooth..Go for this ... HIGHLY RECOMMENDED...well packed with 2 screen guards..one already fixed on phone...!! I am using this for almost 2 weeks now and did not find any thing to talk negative about this product...Hats off to Flipkart.
it is an excellent phone in less cost,i highly recommend for those people who r wanting a mobile phone in below 7000/-.but head phones are not good,my gaming experience is also very good i played temple run, and it runs smoothly. so u can expect a good geming experienc.so friends go for it.
Pros : Price - 6k to 7k (Good buy) Look - Slim and Light Weight n attractive. Features : Many features which you get in high priced phones. Camera : 5 Mega Pixel with paronama , Which is good. One touch feature activations. Cons : Cellphone heat up when you put on charging. Dual Sim (Standby) , So if you are on a call on one SIM, the caller calling on second SIM will recieve unreachable message ... Which is very bad thing. Battery is quiet poor, Require recharge for continuous use. You can answer the calls only using touch screen , No Hard keys to answer calls. (In event if your touch screen stops working, You will not able to answer the call).
Its a wonderful phone to have under 10k...i am using sice past 2 months and even dropped it once but still works fine and i suggest u can go with it...it wont dissapoint you that,s for sure..........!!!
First on Flipkart service - Just stunning. The phone was delivered to me the next day of placing the order in perfect packing. The phone had a scratch guard on and the pack had one spare scratch guard in it. The phone was very easy to setup and start. I could start using it in a few mins. The display quality is good. Battery works really well - this Android phone works 3 days with a fully charged battery. The camera quality is good too. Bad is the sound quality - especially with voice calls - it is kind of irritating at times. The response to touch is also not upto the mark. The response is very slow most of the time. With these shortcomings, the phone still scored with its design and price. So, its overall a thumps-up.
u cant get anything better than this at a price of 6999/- Dual Sim card option, and Intel mother board and many more.. u can explore once u own it.. Was waiting for a product like this:-)
JUST NOW RECEIVED MY NEW XOLO A500S..............AMAZING MOBILE AT SUCH A PRICE.............TOUCH VERY EFFECTIVE.......I THINK I CANT GET A SUCH SLIMMER MOBILE IN MARKET..........BUT I HAVE NOT RECEIVED FLIPCOVER......MAY BE NOT OFFERED IN THE PACK...........I RECOMMEND TO BUY THIS MOBILE IN THIS BUDGET..........
Sometimes I wonder whether the reviews written here are by the representatives of some XOLO competitiors.. Hard to say.. But what is not hard to say is the fact that at 6000 bucks this phone rocks.. I would advise all the people looking for a sub 5000 range android device to go for this phone.. You won't regret it..
Just got this phone for someone and ive used quite a number of samsung galaxy phones and i am amazed at the level of quality and good looks this phone has. Its got good UI themes, the phone feels quite good in the hand and look . The features are quite self evident and is beats most of the other brands in this range. Ive also suggested this brand to a few people i know and all of them are just surprised at how good the XOLO phones are. Overall just awesome XOLO.
that battery back up is good ,and performance is much better than galaxy grand while playing games ,mic is also good no wrong reviews plzzzz... i am using this phone from 1 month .
This is a very good mobile for android OS lovers.First thing to mention about this is its looks which are really cool. You get the feel of holding an Xperia. Touch feels great and normal games like temple run,subway surfers,racing moto can be played smoothly. But when it comes to heavy games it doesn't work great like popular brands. Camera is decent in daylight but you cant use it in the night as there is some problem with the flash(But u can use this feature as a torch :-P). I had some problem with typing initially but i solved it installing Touchpal X. Output volume is OKAY and mobile lasts for 1 to 1.5 days on battery(Given that u play games for 2 to 3 hrs atleast). Anyway this a great device for such a minimal budget but the only concern is its longevity...... As of now I don't have any problem with the mic as many people were reporting....
All xolo users including a500s users kindly join this xolo official developers group on facebook /groups/xolonext/ Post your all queries here or mail to us xolonextlevel@gmail.com You can provide my name and a photo of your xolo phone as reference for joining the group. We will try to help you as much as possible. Thank you Regards, SUMAN SEN (member)
Pros : The look of the mobile is pretty awesome where you can't get the slimness and style for this price. Front camera - 0.3 VGA [ But it is really good compare to karbonn/micromax mobile of 2 MP] Support HD video recording and HD videos playable Battery Backup is good. Talktime(2G) gives 18hr and stand-by for 3-4 days Many says mic and headphone volume problem. But it depends on piece they get. Mine is good for both. Cons Rear Camera is not good , can be acceptable only on outside. Touch response is good but not for games lovers Sound is really worst. But now a days, in medium smartphone range the sound clarity is not good. Call Ringtone sound is very low. even we volume rockers are moved to high level. Pre-defined apps is missing.[xolo customized apps of battery and anti-theft alone installed]
I got this phone from a local market in Pune, because I wanted it asap. Here's why. A day to my b'day, I had gone to check out Karbonn phone, but this phone caught my eye. It looks like some high-end Xperia (atleast a dozen people have asked me the same). As many would think, Xolo is not an Indian brand; it's parent company being Intel, U.S. and only the marketing part is done by Lava, in India. Let's get down to the Pros and Cons. Pros - Coming from an engineering background, I know what technology can do, when mass manufacturing is opted for. I, for one, do not volunteer for phones which dent your pocket, when you can get the same technical specifications, at a far lesser price. The phone does not lag at all. I ran many HD games on it, and they were fairly smooth to play with. The screen quality is top-notch. I also own a Lumia 620, and yes, the clarity os Xolo 500s is at par with Lumia 620. The slim build & looks are phenomenally beautiful. I do not like the brick-like large phones, but this 4-inch display just-fits-right. Even after playing games for an hour or so, and calling of around 2 hours, and continuous Wi-fi usage, will make this phone go a full 24 hours, in a single stretch. Nevertheless, Xolo's in-built app will help you, in regards to conserve battery better. Cons- The Android keyboard is sometimes a bit painful to use. Repeat. Sometimes. Many users complained about in-built earphone problem. But, unless you have some hearing problem, the sound is decent. The speaker is not par with Sony. Perhaps, you should not compare it with Sony, after seeing the price-tag on this one. Conclusion- This phone is indeed a power-packed, highly commendable creation by Xolo (and, at such a price). I have personally used Lumia 620, iPhone4 and Motorola Atrix HD in the past, and I can vouch for it, that Xolo 500s is a beaut.
Handset looking good but very poor mic quality and charging adopter was cable was very low quality. it will hang many time.. please let me know the service center contact details for USB cable replacement procedure.
One of the best in its class. You have everything you need. But only con is GPS. Satalites doesnt get a lock at all. Need to use Wifi Data for accessing location.
subrb phne i m using from last 2 months and i hve nothing cons execpt on that is sound quality. But for me it never mind because i m loving of games.It plays games at no lagging .
I am using this for last 1 week and very much impressed with its performance in terms of speed. And so far i have no negative experience...everything is working well...it plays 720P (.mkv format) video with no problem.
I would like to review XOLO as a company, u will get the WORST service from them. they have kept my mobile for 3 months and they are still not aware whn they can give it back.these clowns dnt know when there pickup center gets closed and they advice people to visit them. I have called them over 50 times in 2 months talked for over 2 hrs at a strech , mailed them many times (they didnt reply to mail so claims to )n yet they have kept my mobile permanently. and this is the conditon in Capital ,so think their service in other cities NEVER NEVER go for XOLO
supeb camera with autofocus anti theft xolo secure app amazing touch,screen size,colours. whatever i checked in this phone i got surprized & my reaction was that OMG this phone has these specialities & u should not see the brand as its better than any nokia or samsung phone(in the range) .
Nice phone to buy.... looks are pretty good..... we can say it has copied the looks from experia...... performance wise no glitches so far........ taking too long during system updates........ Clicks nice photos with 5MP camera...... though flash is not so strong..... hence dont expect nice photos in low lights....... sound quality is nice but not comparable wit sony...... processor is doing nice job.... found no lag in opening the apps and transitting between the apps and pages....... no hang problem so far..........
xolo A500s an owsome phone by xolo in this this range good camera best hardware in this range good for gamers bought this phone becoz of 3 reasons 1st price 2nd camera which is 5mp 3 rd the main reason to buy everybody knows samsung note2 but nobody knows that this phone has the same gpu that samsung note 2 has that is mali 400 mp which is good for gaming , softwares
First things first, If you guys encounter a bad phone, do get it replaced and use the proper phone before reviewing it. Machine defects are completely acceptable in these days. I have been using this phone for more than a week and I believe this is the best Android product you will ever get under 6.5k. You get 2 cores of processor, front and rear camera solves the purpose. The touch interface is butter smooth and I have used a Lumia 520 before, this is nothing short in front of it. I have read some worst reviews about music experience, downloaded poweramp & listened on it. Trust me, it is so good & lovely with the headsets provided on box. It's time for the Samsung & much hyped Micromax to come down & serves the Indian customers better. A lovely phone which you won't regret buying :)
The phone is ony as good as per the features listed. But the built quality is really cheap, as my handset went dead within one month of purchase and now since 09-Sep-13 its dispatched to the Xolo Service Center but there is no response from their end. As per Xolo policy they revert with the repaired (For under Warranty) handset within 5 working days but its now around one month but the only answer the customer service call center is that they dont have any update from the back-office and the matter is escalated to the service center. They have done 4 escalation till date and no update on when the handset will be dispatched. BEWARE - Buy Xolo only with the understanding that if something goes wrong your money is down the drain.
The Good : 1. Nice design 2. Lightweight 3. Smooth touch 4. Fast Processor 5. Maximum storage: phone- 1.29 GB, Internal- 1.27 GB 6. Camera is good 7. Good gaming device..play Frontline Commander, Real race 3 etc. 8. Record & play 720p (1280x720) HD videos The Bad: 1.Speaker quality- its loud & noisy 2. Headphone 3. Flash You cant xpect evrything superb in this price but this phone is good for those who wants evrything for a small price.
I have been using Xolo A500S from last one month. But I was too unlucky that I got a faulty piece on hand. After I reached home from the shop, phone's dispay had some issues; when I press power button display goes off. I went to the shop next day, and they got it replaced with a fresh piece. Now from one month its working very good even though it gave some real trouble in the beginning. Except for the low speaker volume and low performing flash I really love this product. I also got a flap cover for my phone. Enjoy smart phone at a smart price......... With regards, Babu M Andrews Chennai
Not looked into the update yet but I am happy to know that there is OTG update for A500S. Just a little tweak by installing android applications like swiftkey & 360 mobisecurity and your A500S is just awesome
this phone is simply very good.i love this phone a lot.xolo technology is very best.really it's avery nice phone..the processing speed of xolo a 500s is good.this is the new model of xolo a 500.xolo a500s is much better than xolo a500.look wise also a500s is very nice.look of xolo a 500 s is extremely attractive.
really this moblie is very good at this cheap price i bought this mobile from local market. i have been using this mobile for more than 3 days. and moreover I have no complaints on this mobile, except output sound of mobile is not that much louder and clear. If u r interested to go for new brands with low risk, u can buy this mobile happily..............
The phone is feature rich. Price tag is comfortable hence we should accept certain draw backs like slow response occasionally.But there is an uncompromisable issue. The ear price, I mean the speaker through which you hear voice call, is placed at the extreme top it is small and having very sharp voice and high treble. Hence you get shrieking sound unablre to bear when people talk. Continuous hearing may make you very uncomfortable.They have kept the volume too low to mask the above issue.. Another related issue ,may be more serious one, if you use head phone to hear music at you comfortale volume level and a call comes at that time then the sound of ringing is so high so high that you cant bear. Believe me it is dangerously very high. Xolo have utterly ignored sound engineering in this model surely. I have tried to inform the issue to Xolo care but no response. Service is very poor. I bought mobile on 28th August. Though regularly buy things from flipkart this model was not available for pretty long days in the month of August. I will be soon taking the issue to proper forum if XOLO is not ready to respond to my mail and requests and will surely let you know Sreekumar
I always use to shop from flipkart due to just not only good product quality but also its delivery and return policy. This model has excellent hardware-software wrap up. Perfect configuration with this budget. Most of the games are running smoothly even that doesn't work on lumia and Samsung other set of this range. Overall i ma satisfied with this product.
Xolo A500s is best phone in this price range I purchased it from some other place. Everything is good in this phone especially it's look is awesome. Cons: I noticed only one con that is battery, battery power is little less.
2 days back i bought this phone from xolo dealer it power pack mobile , never hang up but only disappointment is battery which dry up quickly while using wifi. when comes to camera it has decent camera in good light u can capture amazing pictures and videos whereas in low night i wont due to weak flash. benchmark of this mobile competes with 14-18 rs phone benchmarks xolo : benchamrk nena mark 2: 42 fps quadarnt : 3400 around or even more antutu : 10900 around or even more this is excellent mobile phone with good build quality i suggest to buy this phone if u have low budget around 7 k
Great phone and very good features.You really shock because of you get lots of features this price point. Stylish and "9 mm" Thick just like "Cad bury". Rectangular body with scratch resistance very attractive. Awesome display ,Work smooth.Camera 5 mega pixel is ok, with "face detection" and "panorama mode". Head phone quality good. 512 Ram& 1.2 GHz dual core is enough for gaming and other running apps. About battery i dont want to see each and every time how much % is remaining Bcoz once you full charge its enough for a day. Last Service Center ,Why you need service center if your not getting a single problem. I dont need to call service center till the date. So,Go with XOLO.
i have ordered this phone after researching all my options. believe me, on the front its better than a 12k phone. on the looks its probably like a BB Z10. Now waiting for it to arrive. will post my review about the phone later. hope it sticks to my expectations.
I've been using Xolo A500S for past 2 months and found it to b a decent phone except for the battery life. The Jelly Bean version of Android is left untouched and it would have been great if a little customization was added to it from the manufacturer. But the good thing is you won't get any unnecessary apps with it which you dont want. If you need anything you can very well download it from Google Play. Well, coming to the battery i am very disappointed. Considering 4" screen with 480p resolution, the 1400 mAH battery provided with this phone is absolutely not going to run this phone a single day even. You will need to recharge this phone twice in 24 hours if you are on 3G network and using internet on your mobile. The looks are quite good in fact. Looks a modification of Xperia models from Sony. the phone performs well and is quite smooth in regular use. Not played games though. Rest is quite decent about this phone.
U will luv it like crazy...... Build quality is awesome luks like bussiness class high end smat phone Camera is too gud 5 MP with led flash and front clicks crystal clear pics Games plays like butter smooth Screen 4 inch Resolution it plays FULL HD Android 4.2 Jellybean d best Simply go 4 it........
The phone looks very good at first instance... but do try to open the battery and u will see the quality of the material used.. The microphone dont capture the voice properly and hence results in a low voice at other end.. No service center in pune so check the service center.. The customer care is not responsive and the service is very bad... Go for micromax, karbonne if you are looking for budget phones !!
good competitor for brands like samsung, apple,nokia, micromax etc. dont know much the technical feasibility but i am giving my review as general public I have purchased it from flipcart 3 days back and find it very attractive at this price.. 1. interface looks good 2. touch looks good... 3. camera quality is ok...not that bad...as if you are buying phone for camera only.. 4. design is awesome, perfect fit for a pocket 5. games running fine but not while charging 6. disappointment is battery....takes long time to fully charged and it will rest max only for a day....but you have to compromise somewhere overall worth buying....why to spend huge amounts of money in big brands.....
Hi All, I purchased this Phone form Local Dealer for Rs 6550 on August 6th. My review or Suggestion is this only , Don't spend your hard earn money on this mobile, you'll get only looks. There is nothing to impress other than looks. We mostly need good sound , good battery and good camera quality. All three are missing this. I am feeling like cheated. neither i can buy a new phone now or i replace it. There is no Customer Support also. For all mobile seekers my request is that Buy a Branded Phone like Nokia , Samsung, Sony Etc... But don't go for these cheap Chinese imported phone. I m giving 2 star only for it looks.
I have been crazy about this phone since the day i came to know about it. But as they all say, "look at the BRAND NAME". "Go for APPLE or NOKIA etc,,,,," I suggest everyone of you to think, SAMSUNG/MICROMAX was nothing in the competition market when they launched. But they started selling mobiles in a very fare budget for us to buy...... No matter what people used to say before but now many of them uses those cheap sets & suggest others to go for it.. I mean to say be SMART, dont think too much, just BUY IT. you will not such a great phone in such a less price...
OK, with the pro's first. Android 4.2 runs smoothly on the device without any lags. HD 720p also runs fine, without any pixelation, where other smartphones don't even support such videos in the similar price range. Looks. It's a stunner. The first time you get it, you can't get your eyes off. Also very sleek, At 9mm, just 0.49mm thicker than the Galaxy S2. The display is brilliant. Good color reproduction and is visible enough even in the outdoors. Secondary camera, is the trump card here, you can make video calls and click selfie's. Cons: The touch response is very, very bad. Especially in the camera interface. The shutter button takes 3-4 taps to click a picture. Typing works fine, but takes time to get used to. the camera, as mentioned in the specs, does NOT support Autofocus. Decent picture clarity only in the outdoors, that too without shaking the handset. Slight shake and the pic is ruined. Speakers. Isn't loud enough. Being a chinese make, this is where I expected it to excel. Hopeless. Lastly, the battery backup. Is lesser that I imagined. Works half a day of intensive usage. Wonder what will happen after 2-3 months.. Verdict: Don't ever go with the features list. Yes, it's a pretty usable phone, but only for first time Android users. And also for girls, this handset will serve their purpose. Others who are used to the Android OS, even if you have low budget, I will suggest you to wait some time, save some bucks and buy a branded handset.
I bought this mobile on 23rd Aug. First of all the Touch response was Worse, especially when we type with two fingers. Rest of the things is nice. - 1.2 GHz Dual Core CPU and 512 MB RAM gives good performance. - With 233 ppi for 4" Display gives good clarity - Good connectivity over 2G, 3G and WiFi. - Sometimes Games like Subway Surfer lagging. But the main issue is touch response while typing. When I touched on "A" it typed S, When I typed "W" it typed T.
Primary Camera : Average , secondary camera : Average internal memory : 1.30 gb only Battery : One day Display : good video : full hd play games : super Xolo A500S smartphone with 4.00-inch 480x800 display powered by 1.2GHz processor alongside 512MB RAM and 5-megapixel rear camera
Got it on 23rd aug i am really surprised to see its performance. It is one of the best phones available under 10k. Simply go for it. Only one con its headphones are of really cheap quality. Touch-9/10 Built Quality-10/10 Screen-10/10 Headphones-5/10 UI-9/10.
I bought this mobile from Mirchikart since it was out of stock in flipkart when i ordered and it was 600rs lesser there.Got the mobile in 2 days. The mobile felt so cheap without the battery installed. It was so light and then i installed battery, it was okay rom then. Booting up , was the next thing. The cost of the phone started to bother in terms of qualiy. First of all the Touch response was Worse, epecially when we type with two fingers. Then my second thought was to test the screen. The screen was looking good while we see a photo/ UI. It becomes worse when we view a Video. I tried MX player and played lots of 720p videos. The Blacks in the video irritated my eyes. I was wondering why it happens. Then comes the place where this phone totally sucks. I tried playing some Songs. Though the headphones that lava provides suck, i tried my Creative EP-630 In-Ear heaphones. I always use poweramp to listen to my songs. It was good until i boosted the Bass, it became Noisy. I thought that the problem is with the headphones. I tried the same song and ull bass with my Tab 2. Tab 2 seemed to have no problems. Then i tried to use a Sony headphones (which came in Xperia Z). It sucked. Voice was not clear too. I am totally not satisfied with the product since my main usage is listening to music and chatting. I cannot serve both the purpose. Then there are some good things in this mobile that i like. It looks nice. Battery backup is good. Screen quality is Okay. Camera seems to be fine in SUNLIGHT. Sucks in low light. Sound quality from loudspeaker is good. I own an ipod touch 5, so i will be using this device only for calling purposes. I think that will be the only use for this device.
i got dis phone at rs6690 from flipkart. believe me u can't get anything more den this at dis price tag.phone looks really damm good...sleek nd glossy.touch is quite smooth.gaming interface is good. although it runs nova3 with some lags of few microsecs. camera is satisfactory....hd video recording.....but as mentioned on box it has auto focus but it is actually fixed focus camera.battery life is gud. over all dis phone really rocks .....till date it is amazing specification at dis price...just go for it
Good features at best price. Latest Android version and good speed processor. Nice look and also good color. Compared to other models in the market at this range, this is best model at best price. Ordered it already. Will have to check the performance once it comes.
My first impression of using this phone is worth its price. I do not see any serious flaws as mentioned by few in their review. May be the battery life and performance could have been little better. The performance of software and servicing aspects, I cannot comment as I am owning it very recently.
i bought this phone from mirchimart since it is unavailable at flipkart.the phones look is a killer much like xperia l.performance is fantastic and i have noticed no lag after 7 days of use.only demerit is sound output is little low compared to other phones
Hi Friends, I bought this mobile a few days ago and I am writing this review after using it fully. The phone looks so stylish, thin and sleek. and does it's duty for the cost provided. My personal opinion is that the touch Could have been better. the touch malfunctions a lot. Being a 4 inch screen. the display looks good but the viewing angles are bad. Cant play games with it due to touch problem. The camera is good at daylight(outdoor). The sound from the speaker is not that adequate for hearing ringtones when you are outdoor or very far from your mobile. The battery is also O.K. For me it works for a day. Full HD videos lags a lot, But HD videos get played smoothly. There is no OTG enabled as if it is in xolo Q700. So if you want a small 4 inch android JB phone( like me), go for it else buy xolo Q700.
Recieved Yesterday and feeling very much satisfied yet . It looks more stylish and slim than the pics shown here. Pros: Slim-premium look (9/10) Smooth Touch (9/10) Smooth processor(dual core) (8/10) Android 4.2 (9/10) GPU Mali 400 (8/10) Supports full hd720p video playback , even sometimes 1080p too Cons: Speaker is not so loud , (but the sound quality is very good) (7/10) RAM-512, (but works very well) (8/10) Display is bright but
i bought this phone and i dont have any regrets............this phone is too good.........hd games run smoothly.......and everything is just awesome.........it also looks like a high end smartphone with a price ange of about 17k....
I have using Blackberry 9300 for last two years and it's been a excellent set during that time .And it's service has been excellent too. Xolo A500S at 7K is a very good buy.Booked it on Friday and received it on Monday.Fantastic service by Flipkart.I Have used the set from 2 pm today and it has some great features for this price.Smile detection is working fine ,touchscreen is very good.Battery backup looks good,looks like it will last 24 hrs with 3G network and heavy usage of browsing and moderate usage of other applications.Camera is decent .Audio is good with the headset but great with Tekfusion twinwoofers. Only con is the back cover which looks very delicate. Overall very good purchase in this price.
ITS AN AMAZING PHONE.I BOUGHT IT FOR Rs.6200 FROM OTHER ON LINE STORES. THE DISPLAY QUALITY IS EXCELLENT, VALUE FOR MONEY , PHONE IS SLIM AND THE SURFACE IS EXCELLENT. TOUCH AND RESPONSIVENESS IS EXCELLENT. BATTERY IS EXCELLENT.
I bought this phone last week at 6500 from local retailer. 1. Superb looks, excellent touch screen sense, day camera or under good lights camera is just awesum, but at night or low light it dont work. 2. RAM 512 but decent and responsive. 1.2 Ghz dual core is perfect at this cost. 3. Mails and social networking works at good acceptable speed. 4. Looks - it is a killer one. combo of BB Q10, Apple and Xperia in many features. 5. Internal memory for use is 1.3 GB, purely for anything you want to install. 6. Low quality head phones, sound is 3/10 but loudspeaker works superbly on phone calls. 7. Battery - 1 day lasting with full day EDGE/GPRS on 8. Superb material for phone making and slimmest finishing. 9. At 6500 its the best in the market. at snapdeal it is 6000 only. 10. Android 4.2 is the latest loaded.
EVRY THING IS PERFECT BUT A BIT CAMERA QUALITY LACKS .. GOOD GAMING NYC PICTURE QUALITY HD VIDEOS SUPPORT . A GOT CELL PHONE MORE THAN EXPECTION IN THESE PRICE RANGE.. Fabulous design Look like sony xperia Great for gaming and Internet. ETC..
guys can anyone tell me about gaming in this phone can it plays nova 3 witout any lag please tell me and other games like gta vice city gta 3 nfs most wanted modern welfare 4 zero hero and all other games works perfectly in this phone please tell me soon i have ordered this phone i am eagerly waiting for it so please tell about gaming in this phone please please please tell me fast guys about the smoothness of the big games
I have purchased in SP road Bangalore for 6.5K!! I was in confusion that phone will not be that good, but i was surprised to see such a classic design with bright display of 233ppi picture quality which looks almost like AMOLED screen! Specifications are very good. tried installing all processor and memory consuming apps Games and used it for 2 days. Excellent performance! Design is damn good, very smooth body nad slim!! My suggestion is good to go for this phone instead of investing 18k-25 for samsung phone ,But very little compromise on quality! My rating 4.7/5.
extra ordinary phone To begin with the looks , one can perceive it as HTC . slim profile,,quite slim. easy to hold in hand and the dispaly with 240 dpi with 16m colors is best at this price. Hardware details are: cpu speed: 1.3 ghz dual core yes it is 1.3, not 1.2 (Cheked both on benchamrk sytem info and cpu z). It doesnt make a diff but look at the price. Display: vibrant and nice viewing angles. Graphics : Mali 400 , no comments. ram is 512, quite manageable. Camera is ok. ( u can be satisfied for the money u spent). all of us are not going to be professional photographers aren't we?.. Music is good with good earphones.
It is the best phone in the market within 6k-10k. I bought this product 2 days back in 6600k. This product is for techie or who have less budget and want something awesome. Guys, Xolo came with first Intel processor based mobile and now NIVIDIA Tegra. Design is very sleek, back cover is with rubber touch and also have 2 screen guard with it. This will give a hard competition to its competitor.
Just need to say one line about XOLO A500S: BOSS of low budget Android Phone... "no cons" for this phone all work done with this phone is great.. If your budget is upto 7K then dont think much just go for it... Awesome deal...!! Salute XOLO for this one.... :D
salaam to every one.first i wanna tell tht no other mobile can defeat xolo a500s in its design nd sleek fluence cut edges at the penny of 6000.i had ordered this mobile from mirchimart as it is available at less cost than the flipkart.after reciving the mobile inshallah i will give my review about the best features nd cons of the mobile.allah haffiz.
it support all games & it has mali 400mp graphics other wise it is very similar to htc explorer.it is cheapest phone of the xolo . Graphics core - Chipset - Mali-400 MP Processor- Chipset MT 6572W - CPU 1.2 GHz Dual Core Resolution- 800 x 480 WVGA 233 Pixels Per Inch
Don't think. BUY IT.. I got it on 12th Aug, and i'm loving it. I guess this is the only budget phone that will give u Android JB 4.2.2 That too with 1.2 GHZ processor & 400Mhz GPU. GO for it. You will never regret after buying. :)
Waiting for it . you cant get anything better than this phone .Its one of the slimmest phone in the market. If you are looking for look , XOLOA500s is best. Bad luck that the is not shipped in pune:( . HOpe so will be getting it as soon as possible.
After looking specification phones seems like good for everyone. So think about to purchase. A good package in a small bundle. Good screen size 4 inches, flash, dual camera, 4 Gb internal memory, sufficient battery and 4.2 jellybean.Price is also good.Thanks to xolo for giving this.
