MOBDPV9Z8JTYYSFS
I ordered Canvas Fun A63 from Flipkart on 3rd October 2013 nd got it on 7th...quite satifactory service.. Now about the device..If u r looking for a budget smart phone nd its gonna be your first Android then THIS IS THE DEVICE u r looking for... I can see that there is a lot of confusion about the front cam.this phone DOES have a Front facing cam of 0.3megapixel..The touch experience is just awesome and very much on for a 'Canvas' experience..games nd apps run just fine.. Do not xpect much from the rear cam.. I was expecting a bit more from the battery backup...to be honest its not upto the mark..! A74 of the same Canvas Fun series serves better in this field.! But overall its a decent android device widin d range of 6.5k...if u r not that enthusiastic about Photography then this device is worth buying..! Best of luck!
Guys, First of all I have looking around a budget dual core from a reputed brand like micromax. My friend said that micromax a89 superfone ninja will be a great buy,so I looked for the product,but unfortunately it is discontinued. So with my extensive research,this canvas fun a63 emerged out to be a winner.I didn't buy it from flipkart, but bought it from a local dealer for 6499 bucks.Its a bang for the bucks spent. The specs are same as cavas fun a74 except the camera and almost similar to that of canvas 2. The basic reason for choosing this phone is its internal memory. Though flipkart claims to be 1GB internal memory,there is another 1GB of internal memory remains untouched for apps. I have made a detailed comparison with micromax a89 with this canvas fun a63, these are the following differences. Display; Both a89 and canvas fun a63 have 4 inch display.But canvas fun a63 has a slightly better display clarity of 294ppi Winner-canvas fun a63 Camera: Though flipkart claims that there is a secondary camera of 0.3mp, there is no front camera. Rear shooter of a89 is 3mp,but canvas fun a63 has 2mp with flash(Though useless!!!) Winner-superfone a89 Processor: Micromax a89 has 1Gh dual core whereas canvas fun a63 has 1.3Ghz dual core which results in 30% faster processing power Winner-canvas fun a63 Internal Memory: Well,this is the most confusing bit for almost all the android phone buyers and let me clarify that here. Generally ROM is the only internal memory which is divided into 3 parts. I-For OS,II-For apps,III-As internal storage. For seamless working of android,this part is the most important thing i.e., memory for storing the apps(which is responsible for fluid performance of android) In a89 the 4GB ROM is divided as follows: 1.5GB for OS+500Mb for apps+2GB as internal memory(Note:Apps cannot be stored here,so don't get enthusiastic just with the figures mentioned here) In canvas fun a63,4GB ROM is divided as follows: 2GB for OS+1GB for Apps+1GB as internal memory.Only the Apps storage is considered into account(Coz,the internal memory can be extended via a micro SD card upto 32GB, so no issues there) Winner:canvas fun a63 without any doubt. RAM: Well,don't confuse RAM with ROM guys. RAM is the temporary storage which is responsible for the no.of apps handled at a time. a89 and canvas fun a63 both sport a 512MB RAM ,so no issues. Winner-Both. Battery: Micromax a89 has a battery capacity of 1450mAh whereas canvas fun a63 has 1500mAh,not much difference. Anyway canvas fun a63 has a slightly greater capacity. Winner-canvas fun a63 OS: micromax a89 has android version 4, but canvas fun a63 has android version 4.2(latest) Winner:canvas fun a63 Price: Well,this canvas fun a63 comes for 6499 bucks,which is also the same as a89. Winner:Both Verdict: Guys,if you are a first time android phone buyer or if you are looking for a budget dualcore from a reputed indian company, and if camera is not a big issue,also the specs are almost similar to Canvas 2, Then I say "Go for it!!!!" Thanks to micromax for launching such a perfect mobile for android beginners with a decent specs phone. I am really happy with this phone:-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
Except camera clarity, remaining all are excellent.Super speed processor,good display clarity. Supports HD videos ( even Samsung mobiles are not supporting compared to this mobile,especially bellow 13000 /- like Galaxy core, galaxy Y S6312 etc and also these mobiles lags very much). Games and apps are runs smoothly.Really Micromax is nothing like anything !!!!!
I have bought this smartphone from my nearest shopping mall. It has the following advantages: (1) Latest Android OS version (4.2.2 Jellybean). (2) 4 inches TFT touchscreen (LCD). (3) Good 2 MP rear camera with autoflash and 0.3 MP front camera. I have seen here some of the reviews about this phone that it does not have a front camera. Are they blind? (4) 512 MB RAM with smooth running applications. (5) 2 GB free space (1 GB for smooth running applications and 1 GB for storage memory). (6) Supports HD videos, which is not supported even in some other Micromax Canvas series smartphones. (7) Good 3G speed, WIFI, Bluetooth and all other features which should be available in any high-range smartphone. (8) Dual SIM (GSM + GSM) standby. (9) Above all, a good 1.3 GHz Dual Core processor. The disadvantages of this smartphone: (1) Cameras should have a bit improvement. (2) 768 MB or 1 GB RAM would have been better. (3) Quad Core Processor should have been there. (4) Battery should hold much longer charge. Micromax Canvas Series has all excellent Android series smartphones (except the Canvas Viva A72, which is a flop smartphone). It is equal in almost every feature of its descendant the Canvas Fun A74 or the Canvas Fun A76, except in rear camera, screen size and Android OS. Conclusion: If you are looking for a budget smartphone with all features, this is the perfect choice. Not many branded smartphones below Rs. 7,000 have such facilities. Really nothing like anything. Go for it!
I bought this phone 3 months ago.. Touch screen stopped working. It hangs a lot as well. While you are working on app, you never know when it will kill that app and your work is lost!!!!
I bought this phone after reading reviews from flipkart.. Dear All, thank uuuuuuuuu very much for all ur reviews. It really helped me in shortlisting a phone... About phone, as every1 said, its awesommmmmmmmmmmmmmme phone in this budget. Games are running smoothly.... Good processor... No lagging... Camera and battery is an issue, but common ... the features which micromax is providing, no other phone has such features om this budget... GO FOR IT :-) :-) nd hv fun with CANVAS FUN..
this is the worst device i ever bought.. i bought 4-5 mobles frm micromax. but this device is piece of sh!t... in two weeks i went to service center to re install of sotware.. it hangs a lot . touch scree is not goods as previous once.. bottom line is this shouldn't be buy ..
HI Folks, It may looks lucrative by cheap pricing factor, But let me tell you,it will cost you maximum, you will realize only after start using this phone. Performance is Damn worst If you are using Internet, WI-fi or if you have open 2-3 apps together, Wait time is 5-10 mins to process one touch on screen. I have never seen such worst performance. I think there are so many good phone, if you can just add few more bucks in your budget, You can get a better smart phone. Macromax says this phone has 500 MB RAM, but actually 85-95% of RAM will always be occupied somewhere even without running any apps.Don't even consider to buy such a worst phone, unless you want to Dump your hard Earn Money.
If the phone does not serve the basic function of listing then what the point of all other features ??? After several tiring visits to Micromax service center the audio is still very very meek. I removed flip cover also hoping to hear better but I have to strain my ears a lot to understand what the caller is saying...bad purchase :(
this phone seems superb and worth buying at the given price initially. it works very well till 9 months, but after that it becomes the worst phone. it starts to hang, gets switched off automatically ( and you have no option than to remove the battery). my earphone stopped working just few days after 6 months( warranty period for accessories ). don't buy if you want to have a phone for long time.
after 6 months of purchase touchscreen failed, when taken to service centre was promised that mobile will be repaired in 8-10 days, after 10 days both service centre people and those at micromax customer care told they need 15 days more, again after those 15 days then again it was told they require 25 more days..... micromax displayed worst of service ever be provided, customer care people are bunch of crooks , they dont know how to being polite, worst smartphone brand ever
1. GPS NOT PRESENT 2. SKYPE DOESN'T WORKS Beware!! It's written that it comes with A-GPS with Google maps, but it doesn't have an inbuilt gps receiver in it. It uses your data connection for finding location, which is completely inaccurate and dead slow. Also, you make have trouble using video/audio calling apps like Hangout, Oovoo, viber, etc.. because when someone calls you, sometimes it doesn't rings at all. You will only know that you had a missed call. Rebooting the phone fixes this issue temporarily. And Skype doesn't work in this phone at all, however it may get installed. High graphics apps like makemytrip, redbus, yatra etc are not compatible. Rest everything is fine. I have used the phone for 6 months till now, but I have rarely seen the phone hang. The camera is good. Battery life is average.
Awesome phone.. Performance so good.. Its work like a 1GB RAM mobile.. Only problem is Camera quality.. Otherwise it too good...
I bought the Micromax Canvas Fun A63 from a local store in december 2013. According to me, this phone is worth every Rupee spent. Here are the pros and cons- PROS- 1. Vibrant display 2. No lag No hang 3. Decent sound output 4. Decent battery backup 5. Decent and above average perfomance 6. Good Build 7. Good 3G experience 8. Good call quality 9. Proximity Sensor and Accelerometer work perfectly. 10. Decent Performance CONS- The Camera. It is not that good at low light conditions and is average at daylight. Not for mobile gamers. Overall, A63 gives a decent smartphone experience and can be your next phone if your budget is
As per value of the product , mobile is more or less ok. But it has some set of probs. It gets restarted suddenly, often hangs after making a dial.
I have bought this phone from Vijay Sales 7 month back. Why You Should Not Buy -: Its get hanged frequently and touch pad is not working. Battery Back up is only of 30 mins with internet. Again, camera is only 2 MP Why You Should Buy -: But, It looks too good. Design and all rest of feature is very well. You get 4.2.2 Android OS with low budget.
This mobile looks gud an hv some nice features but after some 5-6 months this mobile is completely shit it hangs a lot and no battery backup better go for moto e than this shit and now I hv snt to Delhi for the touchpad replacement PLZZZZ..... DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT OF MICROMAX!!!!! EVEN IF THEY OFFER U FREELY DO NOT ACCEPT IT!!!!!
Nice cell. Has almost all features of Samsung grand mobiles. affordable price. been using it for an year now. Camera is a let-down. only 2mp But what more can you ask of a cell of the cost of just 5000 go for it. I recommend this over Samsung ace or young. got more or less all of their features
i had purchased this phone 6 months back. however, i missed out checking if both the SIM slots are working when i received it. now when i wanted to use the phone as DUAL SIM, found out that one of the SIM slots is not working. Its a let down as basic function it self is not working. Other functions are working ok. I dont use my phone for playing games.
Used the phone from two months, not getting any major issues, only one issue observed that is phone is hanging in 2 - 3 days frequency so after restart its working fine.
Hi, I have purchased this product. everything fine with the cost. however the batter back up worst. even i am not able to use this mobile at least for 30 mins with internet access. NEVER CHOOSE THIS MOBILE.
I am using this smartphone for around 2 and a half months from now and i must say it is truly a budget friendly smartphones with all the features you'll get in a 10k phone. So without wasting much of your time I will get straight to its PROS and CONS: PROS: Android v4.2.2 1.3 GHz Dual Core Processor Supports dual sim pretty cool Front Cam Can play games like asphalt 7, dead trigger, subway surfer, temple run 2 without lag Can play 720p(HD) videos without lag and 1080p with MXPlayer Software mode. CONS: Poor Camera : although it records at 30fps but still the quality is not upto the mark Average Battery Life Internal memory 1GB only 512 RAM Still considering the price tag i will say that for this price money it is much better than buying any other cheap brand. Go for it. Micromax have good after sale services so i guess that will not be an issue.
Display is not good, its decent with bad viewing angle. touch is not that great too many typo's occur on the keyboard. Overall is a steal @5.8k
nice phone micromax a 63 is a good android mob phn for new byer who is looking for a good android ph in good budget with nice features.
This phone is good for elder people with lesser exposure to Smartphones/ Touch-phones. Touch works very good [Silk-touch]. Camera is Ok Ok. Sound is Very Good. Charge stays for - 1 day
I am an Android Developer and a H/W Enthusiastic and i was in need of an affordable first buy Android Piece to have an experience before buying a more high end pieces. This piece proved to be conclusive. No matter what i look, its form-factor, looks, H/W and Performance, it way above its Price Range and a complete Set at it. I Strongly suggest people to explore this piece and look forward as a Beacon to Android World. Thank you Micro-max for producing such a Piece.
was not upto expectations. slow very poor battery life go fr lumia 520 mch better ph with jst 1500 rs extra. heating prblm
the screen quality is very very low as far as touch sensors are concerned. i bought it for 6k and it was a total loss. I had used it for 5 months now and I have to say that the battery backup is good and this is primarily because v cannot use the phone for internet browsiing as the typing is REALLY hard in this screen. even answering a call is not possiblr sometimes. and need not say about the pattern unlock. I have to keep cleaning the screen everytime i need to use the phone or even unlock the screen. such a worst product should never be purchased the seller 'Green mobile' did not accept for a return as there were no issues with the delivered product. the manufacturing quality itself is worst.
I purchased this phone 3 months back and at this prize range this is the best phone to have.The camera is very ordinary even the games it supports very well 512 MB of RAM an graphics
If you want to buy a smart phone in a cheapest rate, this is a better choice. But the only draw back is no GPS in this phone. It is equal to canvas 2. 512 MB ram, 2 GB internal memory, expandable memory up to 32 GB, processor 1.3 GHz. It is a better choice for you.
Has everything for a daily use. Got this mobile for my friend. Cons: Icons not so cool Have many unwanted inbuilt app
ur budget is low,,,,,this s a best a option....a cool phone,,, battrey dries very fast ,camera quality is ok,,,over all nice
Its been a month and i am enjoying the features of this phone . its a game intensive phone so you can play good graphics games on this phone . the only problem is camera and sound .the jelly bean os is good and i have heard the micromax is going to update all its canvas phones to kitkat . if you can spare a little more then better buy a A74 but for people strict with their budget of 6000 buy this phone without any fear .
Mere phone lene k do hafte k bd airphon ka jack khrb ho gya agar us problem ko hata k dekha jaye to phone acha lga itne kam rate me micromax ne acha phone nikala h I love this brand I think ye phone lene me koi khrabi nhi iske baad maine nokia x liya jisme 512mb ram h or back camera 3 migapixel h or rear camera nhi h me aap ka in dona me se micromax canvas lene ko advice krunga nokia x me hd video support nhi krti so my advise is aap micromax hi le
I ordered this phone around a month back...turned out to be great value for money. I got this for my brother who was going to be first time android user. Phone is snappier without any lag for day to day tasks. It's dual sim and on one sim you can activate 3g. Works well with wifi as well. Only downside is it feels plasticky and some what cheap ...but then it actually is :). Good service from flipkart.
Just bought one last month. It is often freezes and the whole of fun is gone. It may look like the best and cheapest option but the performance is not as good as we expect while buying one. I guess if you are planning to buy a smart phone better choose to stick to a reputed brand.
Hi, just wanted to inform you that this Phone is a real value for money....the performance is great, only thing is that the Primary and Secondary camera does not give good picture clarity without sufficient light...else it is perfect for daylight Clicks...the Phone is really Good...Go for it if you are Okay with Day light Photography...
please say the net weight of the mobile without box... this mobile is suitable for playing games... how this camera and flash.. i planed to buy this mobile say ur suggestion or say best match of this mobile..
I bought this Fun A63 two days ago and did not make any calls, did not play games, browsed the internet for about 20minutes and the battery went down to 30% in less than 12hours after charging it full as given in the instructions.
Dont Ever Think to buy it wether you are first android User or last Bcoz the main problem of this phone is that it hangs allot Camera is of Poor Quality And all though it is Android -4 Series but than also cant pick the themes or Apps so Useless phone by Micromax
i got this phone yesterday this phone runs on jelly bean 4.2.2 this is a nice phone its looking stylish and is capable of playing high graphic games and can run good apps the battery backup is good everything is good expect the camera this is only a disapoiment so go one and get it guys
Dear sir Please readyuse the price and advice your final price for this micro max fun A63 mobile Immediately.
I Ordered this item but the very next day there was some issue with the ear plug jack but fortunately thanx to the good service from FLIPKART!!! within 3 days i have a replacement of the product and now its working all fine. I would recommend if you are looking for budget phone..just close your eyes and go for it!!!
I buyed this phone 15 days back from Flipkart for 5350/-, It came the very next day after my order in place. About the phone Its very nice when it comes to Build quality, Display, Battery, Touch, Games. I was pretty confused between A63, Lenovo A390, Panasonic T31 and finally decided to go with it after seeing too many reviews, videos and I am pretty satisfied with my choice The battery comes easily for 2 days for me as I use only mail and whatsapp with 2 sims on I would recommend this phone to every one who is searching for a Android Phone of
hi friends I want to ask you what is the output of the charger of this phone as it does not charge with other chargers. I have lost my charger please help. other wise the phone is very powerful and plays gta vice city,gta 3,asphalt 8 nfs mostwanted etc.
If you bought this phone then pray to god that it works fine till you don't want to use it anymore. I wish no one had to visit Micromax service centre ever. Yes, I am not going to say that you don't buy it, this phone has the best configuration at this price range. I wish i bought this phone from Flipcart to try 30 day free replacement. I bought this phone from The Mobile Store with a manufacturing defect in it on 20th Nov, 2013. The screen Autoworks, it got hanged every time i am about to disconnect a call and a whole bunch or software and hardware issues. Now, the worst experience started when i reached the Service centre, believe me i have taken this phone to The Micromax Service Centre 7 times at 2 different centres in the last 3 months for the same issue and every time they added a new issue to the phone and always delivered me unrepaired phone, according to them they have replaced the LCD/Digitizer and trust me the Android got installed 12 times till date. I dont know the phone looks an old phone which they were never able to fix neither they replaced anything in it though I know it was hard luck of mine but micromax looks like they are interested in selling only but not in providing Quality Service, which is something crap.
I have been using this phone for 3 months. Here are the pros and cons. Pros-(1)Good screen of 4" (2)Display is good (3)Supports all the games without any lags (4) Processor is fast (5) Has 3g and wifi hotspot.(6) Has front vga camera Cons-(1)Camera is not good in low light (2)Navigation is not good enogh
when i bought this i have no idea what to choose. But when i use this phone i fully satisfied with this phone. a littlebit problem with camera but overall functioning well. processor is good. Up to dated phon. very good battery back up. light weight. wanting to gift this phone to other is a good option
Received the handset with no issue. But the headphone is having some issue. Rest there is no issue with the handset.
i bought this phone ,.its features are just awesome but my phone is replaced on the very second day.so,this phone is not tooooooooo good according to its features
thanks to flipkart shopping, my first experience it was really amazing service renderd by flipkart, I am happy with the Micromax Csnvas Fun A63 cellphone. verry good anroid phone with 3G support. verry good light weight easy to use. Battery backup is less thats only one unhappy.
I would recommend this phone, if you are buying your first smart phone and if you have budget of 6-7K. Overall all latest configuration and latest JB version. Works great with class 10 SD cards. Only Battery sucks, it drains in 2-3 hours if you are using internet. Till now no issues with MMX. Good brand.
Good product for the amount it costs.. Phone works quite smoothly. Not the best camera but cannot complain for a sub 6k budget android.
it's very nice phone. all the given features are working well. if you want a budget phone just go for it........................................ :) :)
Bought this phone from local market,cost me 5700 rs. in local market(including flip cover and a good screen guard).It's been a week and all I can say is if you want to buy your first andriod at low cost,this is the product to buy.The screen touch is smooth,screen is large enough,and processr speed is also good for using apps.(games and all others).Battery is fine and my model does have a front camera.What this phone lacks is good camera and the battery cover plastic does not look superfinished.Als the earphones given with the phone are delicate and lack crispiness in the sound quality. But afterall how much can you expect in less than 6k rs? Final verdict is: do buy this if you are tight in budget. This model is worth the money you'll pay.
Bought this phone after i lost my micromax canvas 4 unfortunately. Am very happy with this phone at this budget , did not face any problems till now.
This is very good mobile in 6K price range as it is 3G phone. Inspite of being a 3G phone it is also equipped with latest android jelly bean. I'm using this for video calls and the call is so clear in hangouts which runs on data charges. Only problem is phone hangs sometimes. Of course this is common problem.
This phone MICROMAX CANVAS FUN A63 BLUE is very fantastic. Its worth to buy and its blue color is so cool and stylish. Please buy this phone.
I Just Purched MMX A63 From Local Mobile Store. Every Thing Is Good But D Main Headache Is Battery & 2g Interned Speed Is Verry Dull.. :( I would like 2 suggest all. If u r a die-hard net surfer & gamer then don't go 4 it. Otherwise It's everything is gud enough.... :)
This is the cheapest and reasonably good mobile with a front cam for video calling. With 1 GB Internal Memory and I can install good no. of applications. Except for the low camera quality and lower screen size, it is as good as any mid range Rs.10000 to 20000 mobiles for business operations.
in atuntu it gets score of abt 10k which is more than s2 awesome mobile, display is high quality will be equal to 10k mobile phone jelly bean makes every thing smooth just buy it !!!
I have purchased this after seeing the review in youtube. but before that i have already purchased a74 that is very gud.....for this mobile a63 i am not satiefied.
Dont buy from flipkart, in market its available for 5500. BTW its a awesome phone , same as a 10k phone minus camera and GPS
d phone is good,as per d price d facilities are good. only m facing a minute trouble finding stuffs and battery bckup is not good. but on a whole itz good.
yes it was good to use and user friendly... hope it will be good working conditions and looking smart
Value for Money buy if you're looking for sub-6000 Android ICS phone. Good battery life and decent usage experience. One cannot expect a Nexus like performance. Delivered 3 days before the expected date. That's a plus too.
Battery Backup is too less, Camera picture quality is good in the day time but bad in low lights especially at night. Supports enough apps, but if u r a gamer, the battery won't last more than 3 hours. Browsing is good also the touch response is good, the charger of my cell was faulty, i called flipkart and they replaced my cell with a brand new one. Good service. With this price, go for it!!
Firstly, thanks to Flipcart for their awesome services for delivery of the product before scheduled Delivery date. I have purchased MIcromax Canvas Fun A 63 thru Flipcart.The Mobile is very good looking and easy operative with Android OS.All nessesary featres are there.The Price is also reasonable.In this price,more features are available compare to other branded sets.
micromax canvas fun is a quite good phone,it is pretty fast,but don,t know why the inbuilt music player is not working..I have to play songs from a different media player
The phone is overall good & best smart phone under 65k advantages are 1) awesome touch & quick response 2) display is good 3) made of good quality material 4) processors is good & not lagy 5) game like subway , templerun 2, fifa 13 works smoothly 6) play 720p&1080p video without lag 7) good 3g connectivity 8) music on speaker is good & on headset cons 1) less battery backup 2) camera is not so good 3) Wide Viewing Angle is not good I suggest that this is best phone android phone under 65k compare to all other brands in this range
Its very nice look, high end features camera quality good. i bought this phone in Snapdeal Rs5999/- only
Got the phone just a day after placing the order ! Thanks Flipkart ! Coming to the phone, its worth every cent that you pay for. Pros : Great interface and good touch response. Android Jelly Bean. Good construction and looks. Works well with most apps and games, however if you are a avid gamer this might not be the phone for you. Cons: Poor camera - Ignorable. Doesnt support some video formats ( can be solved by downloading mx player) the interface can be made richer with colour quality and pixels Overall a great phone for person who wants android experience at a good price
guz i recmended to u d cell is very superb in all dat budget experiance....go for it... it camera is average bt overall al function is working smoothly
Good mobile at this price range. I Have been using since one month. No lag, Gud screen clearity. Camera is ok not that good quality but certainly u can use. 3G/2G speed is good. Battery easily lasts for one for normal use.
I order the phone 31st october at 7pm i got it at 2nd november at 2 pm great delivery service. I am happy with FLIPCARTTTT
in this budged i think its the best over all.and also other company will give this features atleast on 10000. hardware in enough potential. hard disk is sufficient camera is good for normal ruff use but not sophisticated android jelly bean is given here latest till date its jelly bean 4.2.2 ram could have been slight better display is awesome game running so smooth apps going well all is well. its really fun after having this. JUST GO FOR IT. U WILL FEEL THE FUN.
I purchased this product last month, I was very much happy with the features provided, but later after a week, my happiness started melt down due to poor battery back up. Like the way I eat daily 3 times, I also need to charge my phone fully three times, otherwise with a flash warring for 2 mins, it get dead. Not reliable when you are roaming. My suggestion don't but it.
I got this smartphone for my dad, and i have to say that i envy him. (I own a HTC A310 explorer). The phone is excellent and opposing the reviews, without any lag. Loaded a couple of games and the phone is working well. Certainly user friendly, especially for the Gen X.
PROS:SUPERFLUID INTERFACE-NO VISIBLE LAGS AT ALL WHILE PLAYING GAMES. I TRIED DEATH TRIGGER,ASPHALT 7 HEAT AND MC4 AND IT RAN SMOOTH-NO LAGS.EXCELLENT FOR GAMING.720p VIDEO RECORDING IS QUITE GOOD.1080p VIDEOS PLAY WITHOUT HICCUPS BUT ONLY IN MX PLAYER IN H/W MODE. CONS:THE PHONE DOESNT HAVE A GPS RECIEVER, NAVIGATION AND MAPS POSITIONING WILL BE INACCURATE, THE THREE CAPACITIVE BUTTONS ARE NOT BACKLITE, NO HDR SUPPORT FOR CAMERA..THE PHONE GETS HEATED UPON USE OF 3G AND WIFI.
battery pickup is very bad,,,,,,,meanz u have to keep on charging continuously while chatting...............also hangsup while playing three or four apps simultaneously...................,,,,,,,if u have good budget go for somethng else
After a long search, reviews and suggestions, I have chosen this mobile. Really it is awesome. If u need a gud phone under 7000, go for it. Really worth of it. One of the best brand from India with an Hollywood actor (Mr.Hugh Jackman) as ambassador. Flipkart is really good. They delivered the products in 2 days.
i bought this mobile not through flipkart this is really very good and excellent performence. it supports video calling also i recommended this to all of mobile lovers
very good budget phone with front facing camera,3g i'm a student studying in 10th std all my own phones are of micromax 1st was micromax X250 2nd Micromax A25 3rd Micromax A63.....
The phone was incredibly good.:) hats off to micromax.. Very good service by flipkart as usual...good value for money
hi i am abt to buy this phone . just need user experience !! plz answer this question 1) how hd games are working like temple run 2,subway surfers etc 2) how is battery life 3) is it really 512 mb ram ? 4) what abt GPS ? thank you in advance
