MOBDB5KPCFZEAZFH
This is a nice phone.. What i love in this phone is its LOOKS.. Spectacular design! No more words to descreibe about its design.. Slim meets Size. Plz note that: YOU CAN'T GET A PHONE LIKE THIS FROM OTHER VENDORS! LG's L Style really made a blast! Using this phone is a pleasure as it has a big vivid display. But it sometimes lags while opening 'Phone' and 'Contacts'.. Apps works/starts well. RAM usage is almost 89% alltime. So I need to use a RAM booster to get a 59%. Some unique features in LG's Optimus UI: The SWIPE unlock feature, Widgets tab & LG TV app. Camera is okay for me. It has some noise in low light. Panorama mode is fun. front cam is sluggish! Overall this phone is a great buy with awesome design, good stuffs and performance. It beats all other competitors in terms of DESIGN. You'll be noticed by everyone when you carry it around. L7 rocks! LG rules! :D
Please be sure if you had used(or atleast seen) the phone before you write a review.. Don't start writing reviews on seeing the specs and the BRAND.. LG is not a fool to make foolish handsets. I am fully satisfied with this phone as I am a genuine user of this smartphone.. Got this 3 months ago. Now it is working fine - doesn't even gets hot(although its slim)! No hangs(but little slow rarely). UI, Camera and everything is nice.. Noticeably, the LG's notification bar has some customizable shortcuts for Wifi, Blutooth, Data, NFC, etc.. very useful for me. The design is very nice.. The LG logo, the camera strip, the battery cover finish are neat. The high capacity battery lasts long. Optimus 3.0 UI has some unique features that are not present in TouchWiz and Timescape(I am writing after using it all!!).. Go for White L7! It'll be more inspiring.. BUY IT! You won't get a IPS 4.3 inch screen + ICS + 8.7mm thin for 15990!
I Am using this Phone From 5th June (Two Weeks Prior to its official launch.) I was all set to buy HTC One V For 17,000 Rs. But At Mobile Shop I saw this Awesome Piece, It was Love At First Site. By Shelling Out 2,000 Rs. More I got This Amazing Phone. Looks Are killer, IPS Display Is Best In class as Good As Samsung Galaxy S 3. I Have Black one, White Colored Phone Looks Even More Beautiful. Performance: At Times it is slow (but doesn't hangs). I have installed nearly 100 apps, they all work smoothly. Don't Expect Hardcore gaming from this Phone, though Games Like Temple Run And Racing Moto Work Smoothly. Only Disappointment is Its Music Player which is quite ordinary. 720p Videos Play without any hiccups. Camera is Good so is Video Recording (not HD, but Good). Call Quality is Fantastic. If Someone Want value for money this is the phone.
Its a stylish phone with cool looks, but, i must say, it is a bit slow.. While unlocking, it will take 2-3 sec to get unlocked & the same happens while attending the calls too. But i must comment about its battery backup. Cant believe that it lasts for 2-3 days.. Anyway, its worth for just 18000 Rs..
I have recently purchased the LG Optimus L7 and my experience is as below Pros : 1.Excellent looks with 4.3" IPS screen with ~217 ppi.At a price tag of 17,900 no other brand offers the same screen size 2.Good call quality , sensitive touchscreen. Wireless connectivity is simply excellent. Not to forget the Gorilla Glass dispaly and slim 8.7mm thickness 3. Preloaded ICS 4.03.... chances are you will find a Jellybean update very soon either officially or custom ROM 4. A battery of 1700 mAh ensures that you last atleast 2 days with normal usage. I have been using it for around 2 Hrs calling , 30 min gaming , 1 hour wireless browsing and I am still left with 39% of the battery. Since I use as a business phone , 3G data services with push mail is always on with bluetooth. Cons : 1. Phone can be sluggish at times specially when you play games. Since I am not into hardcore gaming on phone , i really donot feel the difference 2. The Indian Version P700 doesn't come with NFC
This mobile phone is really good comparing to the HTC One V Mobile phone. One bad thing about Optimus L7 is that it comes with a ARM Processor which is slow compared to the Snapdragon processor in One V which is really fast. Other than that, it is a very good mobile phone with a very cool and premium look.
I have recently purchased LG optimus L7 which is has wonderful display and features are attractive.But even for short duration call it heats up very fast and Battery is poor had to be recharged frequently
1) Hanging like any thing 2) Very slow 3) Too less internal memory. 4) Not possible to Play MP4 files 5) not possible to move all apps to SD card 6) worst battery 7) not at all worth for money
Higher battery power would have been more comfortable for heavy users. Except for that it is an excellent product at that rate.
Never even a phone with a single core processor in it which makes this phone a ultra slow one otherwise everything is fine.Camera is truly a third class one very noisy pictures are been captured over this camera LG app store is good one
