MOBDPEPF3CGHYV77
I received the Karbonn A99 phone on May 2, 2014. Within minutes, I realized the piece was defective and the product is generally of poor manufacturing quality. Even a 10-15 second voice call heated up the phone considerably -- hot enough to become unusable. If a phone is heating up by just making a short call, it means the ventilation is poor or dysfunctional. Sound volume (voice calls, ringtone, music) at max levels was noticably low in a quiet room. The charging cord is pretty short: it's ok if you're charging from the laptop or have a shelf close to the plug point. I didn't even try other features: If the basic phone (sound, ventilation) doesn't work, what's the point.
Its an excellent phone and flipkart delivery is just awesome( They deliver it within 3 days) Now lets move on the cons and pros. pros. 1. Good built quality and feel. 2. Excellent Gpu(Mali 400) and cpu(1.3ghz Dual core). 3.Antutu scroe is just amazing i.e. 11006 at this price its just awesome. 4. Every single game works perfectly i have tried asphalt 8, Gta vice city and they all works perfectly with out any problem. 5.Average 5mp camera decent enough to capture good images even though the quality is not like which is expected from 5mp camera but u can record 720p hd video with this excellent phone! 6.Display quality is just amazing i compared it with other phones but the kind of display quality it deliver is just amazing. The viewing angle is also amazing as u know its an ips display. Now lets come to the cons. of this phone. 1.Although this phone is just perfect but u wont get light sensor it means auto brightness is not present. 2.Gps is not working at all! so those who can manage without gps can go for it! Overall at this price point this phone just amazing u can easily go for it without any second thought!
This phone has heating problem and there is no sound in the speakers. To talk I have to turn ON loudspeakers. For this reason, I got my phone replaced once from Flipkart. Again I am suffering from same issue and now replacement is also not possible since the issue occurs after 30 and Flipkart have 30 days policy. Cam is good in day time and worst during night time. Flash is also not good. Request you all not to buy this phone. Do not go with the ratings (I did similar mistake). Seems like Flipkart employees are filling the reviews to sell this product.
I ordered this mobile on 9th April after reading so much positive reviews on internet.I recieved this yesterday.Thanks to Flipkart & WSRetail. As this is my first android phone,I am soo much excited. Now how do I feel about the Karbonn A99- 1. Speaker volume/Call quality is superb.. 2. The phone has so many features that I had to read the manual for the first time in my life. 3. The screen is just awesome, you really got to see it to know what I am saying. 4. The UI is not as good, but it is still easy to use. 6. Build quality is great. 7. The phones is so light you forget its in your pocket. The only CONS of this mobile is just the Camera Quality.It doesn't look 5MP.and It's clicked pics seems to be like the quality of a 2MP camera.The pics are decent during daytime.but at night,the pics are unrememberable. My Rating 8.5/10 PS: All the negative reviews are from Karbonn haters, and most are not even certified buyers, so just ignore them. Go to a store check the phone and then buy.
hi friends...iam writing review for mobile Karbonn A99.. Design: a smoth design with trendy look ;) Applications: all runs smoothly;-) prosessor:a high processor at ths price:-) baterry:as usual any android givs u 1 day music:not so good bur average,if u change the ear phone thn its amazing experiance:) touch:a decent tuch Camera: its good both front and rear at under 6k mobile overall ican say u ,under 6k its amazing phone...dont look only brand look its performance and application overl its a 5 star mobile at its price...;)
Hi Friends, First of all I thank flipkart for there timing shipment of the product. Its the best mobile for a cheap cost. This A99 is the upgrade version of Karbonn A9+. Specification is more than I expect.. U can blindly go for this product.
Using the phone, Its really lightweight...camera is below average, finishing is not up to the mark...NO GPS at all....3G can be switched to any sim...Memory not all 4GB....user only gets 1.27 GB of space....back cover is loosely fit....side buttons are temporarily hanged on the back cover....removing back cover removes the side buttons too...And, to my great surprise, the box contained a black handset with WHITE accessories......
Ordered this on flipkart. as usual excellent service by flipkat. delivered in 2 days. I ordered the white one. The phone looks like a premium phone. The display is really great. it is a ips display and colors are crisp. The voice quality is good. No issues. was able to download apps from google store and run them without any problems. The battery seems to last 2-3 days for average usage. I do not play games very much so that might be a factor. I ran some pre-loaded games to test the phone out and they seemed to run fine. Did not lag. Wifi worked fine . No issues with connectivity. The phone is very light and fits nicely in the pocket. The camera quality in low light is not that good but i think it is true for all of these mid level phones, in general i would recommend this phone for anybody who wants a andriod phone for average use. Considering the price this one is a good investment. The other comparable phones in same price range are either 3.5 inches which are small for typing or have only 256 MB of RAM. Go for it. I will update this review once i use this for 4-5 months
Bought this a few months back. The phone was decent looking and everything was alright for me as I'm not a hard user. I don't know why there are so many negative reviews for this here as this phone is decent enough compared to other phones but that doesn't concern me. Let me just conclude by stating that this phone is Great. From the build quality to the performance. The only issue I faced with this phone is the battery life.
I bought this product from Flipcart and I am very satisfied with its performance except for the fact that it gets heated sometimes. Otherwise nice product and timely service from Flipcart.
FIRST MONTH ITS AWESOME 1) BUT NOW BATTERY DOWN QUICKLY WITHIN 4 HOURS ONLY STANDUP WITHOUT GPRS U CONNECT GPRS WITHIN 1.5 HOURS ONLY.. 2) WHEN I BOUGHT THAT MOBILE I THINK THAT PROBLEM OF HEADSET SO CHANGED MY HEADSET NOW THAT HEADSET PORT IS NOT WORKING 3)INITIALLIY RAM PERFORMANCE IS SUPERB NOW ITS REDUCED HALF OF THE RAM SPEED AND MY DISPLAY IS ALSO BLINKING WHEN I RUN THE GAME
my first piece ships with faulty on/off switch, but flipkart replaces with new unit within 1 week. Now it is working perfectly and satisfies my daily needs. At this price point, i'm completely satisified on what i get
everything is Good But camera quality is not Good (Night)
Good and original product, very good delivery by flip kart. I can proudly say that the second name of trust & satisfaction is flipkart.com, also thanks for your best services. keep it up!
Man... just hear me.. it is absolutely no doubt that it is good product. among karbonn, under 5k, it is the best...
Other guys have done good balanced reviews. Read them. If you have the 5000ish budget, buy this phone without any further thinking.
The ear piece died within 2 months of buying the phone.. The software is also erratic.. Phone dials numbers on its own! Not worth 5k
I have just purchased this product in the mid of Apr14 but just after Two Months its Reciever was not working and if you add 5-6 Apps Mobile is running very slow. Server Centers too are not avilable in Hyderabad
I ordered this mobile a month ago and it was good product but started hanging because of slow processor or RAM but still it does not give much difficulty
Really a brilliant phone, best phone under 5K It has got 16 million colors with IPS technology It has got superfast 1.3 ghz dual core processor 512 mb ram Smooth UI Can run good games with its mali a400 gui It can run games like Temple Run 1,2 , gta vc, asphalt7 very smoothly.
I had purchased thru flipkart after seen a lot reviews & i got it before delivery date. thanks Flipkart. Handset is good for low budget but only drawback is brightness is Auto, you cant change it as per need.
From day one this phone started giving trouble, screen was blinking now and then, SD card automatically showed dislodged, worst thing was the sound terrible via headphone. After my complaint to flipkart they promptly but new phone which I got was even worse in its sound quality. Its sound is same as hitting on empty drum. Never ever go for this phone, all the positive reply seems to be from the company promotions
Initially excited after purchase but soon found out problem with earpiece. Yet to visit service center to see what they can do abt it.
I am not satisfied this karbonn A99. i purchase this cell phone before 15 days. 2 days before receiver not worked in phone.i went to karbonn service service center and they said me part not available. many karbonn problem same receiver problem came.
I have changed twice but getting the same issue for both the piece.Speaker not working and network restarting every 10 minutes.
First of all thanks flipkart for its smooth delivery. Now the Mobile: Pros: 1. Very smooth functioning 2.smooth touch 3.good display 4.games are played without any problem like no hanging of the mobile while playing 5.Nexus 4 type user interface os Cons: 1. Drawback is low battery life..have to charge it very often when i play game or use internet Overall: The performance is good and I recommend you to buy it if you dont have probs charging it now and then. :)
booked this phone but it was not delivered..now booked it again...lets see how u deliver this time........................
1.3 Ghz CPU, 4 GB ROM, 512 RAM, 3.97" IPS wideviewing display, except this camera quality in night is dull which can be negotiated at this price, using this phone since one week and having a freaking awesome experience. Overall go for it buyers.
Mobile is so hot after 20 minutes that you cannot touch it with your Ear Other features are good enough than other models in this price Flipkart delivery is very good
The phone gets very hot very quicky, with less than a minute usage. Be it calls, browsing or gaming, in less than a minute the phone gets very hot and very uncomfortable to hold to your ear. Other than this problem, the phone seems to be good. Very fluid touch , light weight , decent battery. Camera is average. Update : Flipkart has replaced the phone with another unit and the replacement seems to be faring much better. Flipkart -- awesome customer service. 5 start for flipkart.
1)5mp camera with flash,camera quality is average.front facing camer.2)512MB ram,4GBrom.3)wifi,3G.4)latest android 4.2JB.5)good gaming perfomence.6)good build quality.7)record 720p videos.8)play hd videos.9)1400 mah battery.10)the battery quality is good for moderate usage. over all it is good mobile from karbonn.so suggested u to buy is mobile..thank u frnd.................
pros: good looks (i got the white one). it looks similar to iphone. normal apps work fine. camera decent in daylight. connectivity options like wifi, bluetooth, 3G working flawlessly. cons: call quality is worst. my friend also has this phone and it has the same problem. the voice calls are very poor. no matter how good the network, either you cant hear or the other person cant hear you. lags while playing games like subway surfer if mobile data is on. after using a heavy app for some time, the launcher takes a while to load. all-in-all, its a decent phone in its price range.
Ordered to gift it to my distant relative so budget was a constraint. Searched many handsets but this one I felt had all those what I needed in the phone at a cheap price tag. Used for just one day and felt happy with my purchase. Don't expect too much at this price tag and you'll be satisfied.
Good feather touch Good speed of working 1.3GHz processor is awosome with 512 MB RAM Really good product.. But couldn't get flip cover easily like other models. I think it's because of buttons are existing with back panel like Lumia 525
The phone is just amazing.. the performance is too good. trendy look, lightweight, applications run very smooth.. The voice quality is superb!! Camera is not that good, but yes manageable.. WiFi works fine.. Overall an amazing phone for this budget.. no second thoughts... go for it!!! And thank u flipkart, the delivery was superfast.. I got my phone in 2 days..
KARBONN A99 is having all the basic features of complete smart phones like 3G, WiFi, G-navigation, 5MP camera with flash + front camera, dual sim etc. along with other common features. Quick replacement arrangement made by Flipkart.com will definitely encourage the Customers purchasing online, without any fears about the product.
This is a very good phone in Rs.5000. shipping by flipkart is awesome for this product this was my first purchase from flipkart. Karbonn A99 Display is good. Camera is good. Flash is poor. Rest All is OK.
i checked other phones but no one got this much features at such low prices. features are nice although camera quality is not as expected from a 5 megapixel and internal memory is just more than 1gb which is not as described.
Karbonn A99! One of the Amazing Product from low budgetkarbonn mobiles! Love this lot! Looking like 13000 mobile! Bt Battery and camera really disappointed..
I Have received Karbonn a99 recently . It is very nice in feature but the Inbuilt memory as described is not correct as shown 4GB , it is just only 1.36GB. as well as phone is very nice.
First thanks for Flipkart For first class service. This phone was very good with superb display. Normal users can buy this. I use mobile for normal usage and this fitted for all my need. I searched more than 1 month and selected this.
It is a good budget phone having all the applications. In this price range it is a value for money. But I found a problem with it that It gets restarted when connected to 3g or WiFi. I get the phone replaced but new set is having same problem with a new one that it is too slow as compared to the previous one even when I have not installed any of game or any heavy application in it. So just normal users who just need a big screen phone with good config, Go for it. Above Normal avoid it.
A mobile store person recommended to buy this product. After the receipt of phone I observed that the phone is heating up while receiving calls and extensively heating while charging. Further, it used to spontaneously get heated up on its own!
After 10 days of use i found this item above my expectation works flawlessly no hangs no lag nothing average built quality which is acceptable in this price range Design Beautiful slim and handy phone looks beautiful in black Camera 5MP WITH FLASH indoor image quality is average works good for outdoors Calls call quality is good you wont expect it comes equipped with proximity sensor as well poor front VGA camera for video calls Over and above true value for money phone
Hi, I bought this ph and faced few problem like heating up very early, hanged some time and ear piece is not working. So, I contacted Flipkart and they replaced my ph with new one. I dont know that new one would work fine however I can say that Flipkart has awesome customer service. Keep it up...really good. If above proble will not happen again then I can say its a very good low budget phone. My rating is only for Flipkart customer service....
i purchase A99 on 29/4/14, its screen is really good and nice look.everything avilable in this phone.camara quality is good but battery shoul be 1600 mah.overall nice phone.any other brand can't give these features in this price
In short paisa wasool h boss. Display Awesome... Processor speed is good.. Average Camera but it's doesn't matter due to this price....
Five star for the Flipkart service. Bought it last month and had some issues with phone heating. Called the customer service and got a refund. Phone was not bad may be just my piece but awesome Flipkart service.
I checked storage it is showing only 1.2GB around not 4GB as mentioned in spec. need to explore on this all other things looks ok only drawback it heats up if u are using at room temperature.
I received this product yesterday. I had ordered white one and glad to say it looks like premium phone. Screen clarity , brightness, colour and viewing angles are awesome. Provided screen guard on mobile is just ok. Better to put additional screen guard. Phone is light weight. Fits nicely in hand and pocket. Sound is loud and clear. At full volume call clarity at phone earpiece was little buzzing ,but reduced volume to 80% and its works fine. Provided headset is not that good but works. Camera is of poor quality both front and back. No high expectations at this price. Both wifi and 3g net works smoothly, tested both. After all inbuilt apps running free ram is left for user is around 215 mb. As usual flipkart rocks. Brand new original sealed product came with good packing . So overall a best buy at this price.
its a karbonn Apple 99, low budget apple phone for common people. its a good for low salary people having all the feature . very good touch screen , looking nice and good camera. its working is so simple.
It is nice budget phone under rs.5000 has a very Light and slim body. Screen is ips so very clean and smooth. I prefer everyone to purchase this mobile
good phone as per the featues best rate ... ok to buy if you want all the featues in this budget .... ............................................................................................................................
have to say karbonn surprised me with this product awesome affordable android device..... nice response, easy to use , light weight ....sleek design...android jelly bean is nice....good processor and gpu ....light weight...nice tangle free headset...good call quality ....keypad is bit tight not easy to write works nice in landscape mode....at this price possibly the best in class
I am very much satisfied with product with its price and specification level. No one can match it with it's design and software and hardware specifications at this price level. My sincere thanks to Karbonn and for the seller specially for the seller who can help me to get this phone at it's cheapest price online.
I got it delivered in 3 days from Flipkart and having been using for last 3 days. The phone is good, specially the white color looks awesome. The features are good for this budget and the touch and memory are fairly good. Speed is good. I have just installed few applications and games, so yet to see their performance.
Recently got this from flipkart and found fair to this price. If there would be few offers like memory card, scratch guard and flip cover with this then this would be the complete package.
No words for this phone its just amazing! pros: 1. Excellent screen clarity. 2.Dual core processor. 3.Antutu is 11066 which is absolutely amazing at this price. 4.Mali 400 gpu all games work perfectly. 5.Camera is average but still decent enough to capture good images.(Video recording is HD 720p) cons. 1.No light sensor so there is no option of auto-brightness. 2. Gps is not working properly. But overall its an excellent phone at this price point with excellent gaming performance and good built quality. Just go for it!
nice mobile ...smart configuration fasted 3g internet.. no.1 touch camera is good not a bad ..really so pls try.....
Its a good phone with all features.. In low pricing ... Go for it if you have low budget........ This time i have given 5 star because this time I have purchased white one which is good looking compare to black one but the features are same & its a 1.3 Dul core processor & 5MP camera which is very good for a 4999/- smart phone...
Everything is ok, but battery backup only 4 to 6 hrs when continuous usage and 1 - 2 days when standby... but value for money....good product from karboon
Just purchased this phone its a good looking phone with nice camera with flesh.... I cant say about its functioning right now, but its a value for money phone. best for gift purpose & Good Service by Flipkart....
it is a very good phone but before choosing this phone you can select Samsung Galaxy Young S6312 Karbonn A99 camera is not good
