MOBD4GCXWJDBUBAQ
For those who wants to buy just because of dual SIM, note dual standby. When you are on a call, other SIM is dead (not reachable to anyone). Even if you GPRS on one SIM, other SIM is dead. So both SIMs are not active. Solution for this is when using GPRS - use first SIM in 3G mode with 2G GPRS pack so you can use GPRS in one SIM and you can receive calls in other SIM. If you use GPRS in 2G mode on one SIM, other SIM is dead. receiving call waiting when on another call - activate call forwarding to other number on both SIMs so when you are on call and someone tries to reach you on other SIM will be directed to first SIM and you will see call waiting. Other functions are okay. I would say this is okay mobile. Do not expect much from this mobile. GPS reception is very bad particularly when you are inside a building. Sometimes dual SIM function gives you trouble(restarts by itself, SIMs go dead etc.)
The phone has very nice look with the sleek design. Screen clarity is excellent. We can also upgrade the Android latest version. internet and other applications works very fast, but performance would be a bit slow while dialing and receiving calls. For video games, it's awesome. Battery backup is not that much good,comes 3-4 hrs if we use continuously, and comes 35-40hrs if we use it only for calls. Headset is not up to the mark. Touch screen is too good.
I bought this phone from flipkart about 2 months back. Before this, I had been using Spice Mi-270 (dual sim android 2.2) and also use Nokia E-63 currently. Pros: really good screen: (1) brilliant display. (2) Touch is generally responsive, except while in call. (3) Media audio quality is good. (4) Phone is pretty handy, both in size & weight. (5) Internet browsing experience is great on this phone (6) General Apps work pretty well (didn't try angry birds & stuff like that) (7) Given that it is dual sim phone, its battery life is pretty okay (8) When Data connection is active on one sim, your both sim cards pretty much remain in coverage Cons: the phone features are very unreliable. (1) When the keypad is locked, it takes at least 2-3 strong swipes to answer the call. Many times it takes so long and so many attempts to answer the call that the call would get disconnected by the time the swipe gets registered. (2) It is equally difficult to end a call. It takes quite sometime and many attempts to end active call. The touch doesn't get registered at all times to end it. (3) It is almost impossible to use IVR on this phone which requires you to key in your credit card number and pin (& things like that), because the key strokes don't get registered properly. All the above keystrokes issues happen only while in call, or when it resumes from standby/keylock. (3) Very frequent hangs & reboots: on avg, my phone crashes & reboots at least once everyday on its own. (4) After reboot of phone, if you leave the phone unattended, the sim cards don't get registered automatically, so many times your phone remains out of coverage. (5) If your sim card has pin lock, it hangs a lot while unlocking the phone. The startup of the phone is a nightmare (6) There is a proximity sensor in phone which locks the keypad when you hold the phone close to your ear, to prevent accidental touches on screen. This is a good feature too, but it is probably too active, and results in keypad not getting unlocked even in normal times. (7) LG has not released any bug fixes to the best of my knowledge
Hi, I bought this phone through flip kart in feb last week 2012. Please find my review after two months. I wanted a dual sim andriod phone from a branded manufacturer. Samsung had few options but the cameras were 2 MP and screen was smaller. I knew about optimus dual net for sometime but I was waiting for Motorola XT 532 for a long time but it did not get released till feb 2012. So i decided to purchase it. Pros Dual sim android 2.3 with a 10k price great camera and video. Really good when shot during day light. Surfing is good. Simple to use interface and Easy to transfer files with usb. Battery is decent and comes for two days with 30 mins call/day and surfing emails (not regular but sporadic). Cons Touch Response at times is very bad One sim is blocked during call sim goes into deactivated mode at times after a call. a bit heavy Calls dont end even after pressing end at times. Overall i am just satisfied with this phone purely for a fact that there is not much competition for dual sim android from branded companies at this price tag.
I bought my first dual SIM smartphone with a lot of expectations, but the phone seems to have quite a few problems. Screen flickers every now and then. Back button and tabs dont work at times. No matter what you press, you go back to the same screen. Touch pad could have been more sensitive. 'Buttons' dont respond at times. Switching between GPRS and Wi-Fi is not easy. Have to reboot the phones to get it working. Battery life is horribly short even with no GPRS/Wi-Fi and with minimal services running. Phone gets heated up very easily. PC Suite doesnt work. Like any Android phone, proxy settings dont work.
Overall Very Good. I could not install LG PC Suite that was on SD card. I had to call Support but they gave solution very quickly. Apart from this, no other issues as I was setting it up. Touch, Sound Quality is good. Battery is an issue but I guess it is issue with most of the brands in this category.
This is a really good mobile to start with This is my first Android mobile phone, I got gifted, This is really good mobile 1. This mobile has a really good processor, it runs many application at a time, but however it sometimes hangs & need to restart it, dont install any external keyboard layout, it could be very disturbing after a while, this could cause your mobile hang for a while more. 2. Dont like the dailer, it is the normal dialer as of all android mobile, sometimes causes problem to answer it & end it. 3. U have good phone memory 160 mb however some apps have alreay utilised almost 60-80MB of the memory. 4. Bluetooth is really awesome it has really nice range, if u plan to purchase a bluetooth headphone this mobile has really good range that can cover up the wide radius, ofcourse it has the 3.0 version of it thats really good. 5. Touch screen is good, u can have 2 touchs at a time function, its smooth and good, if u have high end phone experiance user, then u would like this touch, its a normal TFT touch screen. 6. Battery life is normal as normal as other android mobile, you have to charge once a day for sure, if u are an average user of all the utilities. 7. Dual sim is good, but in this phone if u use one sim card for the Net then/GPRS then other sim card losses its network connectivity, so make sure what are your users then use, cause i am using the single sim function in the dual sim phone, so choose other model P690, this is relative term. 8. Camera quality is Fair & also good, it gives u clear picture with proper lights, there is no flash light in this phone, there is good function to switch between the sim card. 9. This mobile is really good for the apps to work on it, u could do much more when u explore the android market. 10. Personally i loved this cell for my personal use, this mobile is worth its price. 11. The loud speaker is good, u can hear your alarm & ringtones for sure its loud enough.\, however in loudspeaker u will not like the music it will feel like its exploding, listen in the headphones they are really good 12. The phone Mic communicated less volume to other party(Might be only my cell, but just telling you), as compare to the headphones. Purchase this mobile to get great android experience, u will love it for sure, great price tag Rs. 10K, its worth its price, dont be fool that says LG is bad company for the mobiles and all, people say alot about it, but my experiance with LG is really good & I am enjoying it.
Because, I am feeling very bad after spending 10k on this phone. The dual standby is really a bad feature. Many time it is taking 20 to 30 seconds to come to home screen after making a call!! If I want to make another call immediately....really it is testing patience. why LG is not taking care to release a software update, I dont understand. I would have read the reviews in flipkart before buying. Other than calling features, this is good at managing android apps, but what is the use????? Please think twice before buying it!
I appreciate Kundan for giving a detailed description of the problems of this phone. Really its not yet all a phone only a device to manage android apps. Many a times to receive a call or ending a call showing HELL to me. Why LG is not taking care to release an update for this? Even the display color when we making a call is horrible. When we end a call it should immediately come to home screen or dial pad and nothing else. If we touch the end icon twice many a times it is redialing. Many apps like FM Radio, Music etc., are running in the back ground, even we are not used once. Nothing but occupying the memory. I strongly request LG to take care of these problems, otherwise OPTIMUS P698 will become an extinct.
good value for money-dual sim android mobile. Able to run all my essential Applications. recommended for anyone willing to buy a dual sim smartphone around 10k. As usual, shipping and packing were excellent. Thank you
Hello, Everyone If you need dual Sim android mobile under 15K Go for It. Its very simple Android phone and very easy to use. If you need a simple phone & you are not a gadgets expert LG Optiminus net dual is a bets option. Good :) About-- Android v2.3 (Gingerbread) OS 3 MP Primary Camera Dual Standby SIM (GSM GSM) 3.2-inch TFT Capacitive Touchscreen 800 MHz Processor Wi-Fi Enabled Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB Bad :( About-- Look wise- Very Poor Look Battery Not very cheap- Better option here- Samsung Galaxy Y, Dell XCD35 Weight 124.6gm
Hi, I am using this phone for 3 years. no problem. good battery life and other features. regards vinodh
I bought this set 1.5 year back for Rs. 10500 thinking the set would be a great Handset. But from the day I purchased I experienced the following problems. 1) The Phone gets hang many times. 2) If you are disconnecting an ongoing call it takes minimum 4-5 seconds to disconnect completely. 3) Very less internal memory (150 MB). You cannot have more than 3-4 good android applications to download and run from the market. 4) Sometimes It automatically restarts while connecting to PC. 5) LG customer care does not have a solution as it comes with all factory settings. So my rating for this set is less than zero.
Had got it for my wife (not from flipkart) around a year back. Super simple to operate. Beautiful screen. Works fast with wifi and 3G. Found no lag or delay for any game sofar installed. Best is have to take just one phone when going for a trip (dual sim mode). We have used the phone more as a GPS kit more often when going on long trips. Looking for a classy back cover for the phone.
GUYS... I am writing this riview after thorough use of this phone. it is not at the top level at this range segment but not the worst one too. coming to memory..lg gives you a memory card,but that is pretty insufficient, camera: even though without flash,believe me you will love it at this segment. the processor isnt bad enough....but i peronally feel i must have opted for sony tipo, which is far,,far better than this one. all the complains regarding tipo is misleading, the phone is absolutely flawless. i am not absolutely satisfied wit this phone..but i intend to keep it only for a couple of years ,so manageable....
this mobile is just awesome and by the rate its a bit too much but its absolutely a great mob to have!!!!!!!! and the best part is the mob doesnt hang a lot as other android mobs do!!!!!!!!!!! cheers enjoy
PHONE FUNCTIONS ARE LITTERALLY BAD AND THE PHONE GETS HANG ONCE OR AS MANY TIMES IN A DAY. NO SOLUTION STILL AVAILABLE WITH LG ON THIS ISSUE. THEY WILL ONLY SUGGEST YOU TO RESET THE DEVICE AND THATS ALL. NET SURFING AND OTHER ANDROID BASED APPLICATIONS RUN EXECELLENT.
I have been using this phone for 3 months now and am very satisfied with it. The display is better than Samsung's Galaxy Y line of Dual-Sim phones - you get HVGA in lieu of QVGA, a marginally bigger screen, a better battery and more RAM. However you do lose out on the processor which is around 30Mhz slower than the aforementioned devices. As other users mentioned, touch response during calls is definitely an issue and I am not sure if this is because of the slower processor or a software bug. IVRS calls will be a real pain and you should be ready to pay for a couple of extra seconds because the 'End Call' takes a few seconds to respond. If this is extremely important to you and you call a lot of IVRS numbers that ask you to enter digits to navigate, you should probably look elsewhere. For me, these issues are minor. The phone has all options covered; be it connectivity, external storage support, media playback, blah blah. The paltry internal memory does affect you if you intend to download a lot of apps, especially since most apps do not support 'Move to SD card'. But for the average Joe, it really is sufficient. I am a hobbyist developer and I find it convenient to try out my apps by installing the APK directly. The spec says this is DLNA-certified but I could not test it as I do not own any other DLNA-certified device. The bundled hands-free is pathetic but since it has a standard 3.5mm jack, you could buy a decent one. The product package I received had a bonus(?) back cover - along with the Titanium one. The extra one I received was black, so you can change the back cover as per your liking.
I have been using the single SIM counterpart of this model (P690) fro almost a year now. And believe me, LG is the best. They don't spend on ads and thus provide with excellent quality handsets unlike Samsung. This DUAL SIM sister is an excellent product. PROS: Display (brilliant, 1000% better than Samsung) Touch Sensitivity (touch and other sensors) Call quality (excellent sound quality) Most of the other features CONS: Battery is a bit weak; but hey, if you use a smartphone you don't want to be a stupid I-just-make-a-few-phone-calls-and-sms-everyday type of guy! Both the sisters give 12 hours battery on medium usage (call+sms+app+internet) VERDICT: Choose LG always, blindfolded. They don't do over-promise-under-delivery.
battery charge not get one day,only making calls and heast from battery ,touch is very good and speaker sound is lowoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolowooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
