MOBDSAVHCZPDJZVX
Hello Friends, After a lot of research i finalized this device as my choice and then without second thought i ordered if from another online site for much lower price than flipkart.I have been using the device from past 20 days.And my opinion is : The device performance is Buttery Smooth,Windows UI is Awesome.I suggest this phone for those who are bored with laggy android,those who cannot afford a high end android. Almost all important apps are now available on WP store except very few which we use hardly. Never think that WP store does'nt have apps or so ! Performance : yes performance is superb in this price range, I bet you,show me a single smartphone other than windows,in this price range that performs really good ! We cant find any ! Microsoft has given high priority for the Privacy of customers and this is the reason there are many limitations in the OS.Hopefully at least few will be addressed in next update. Camera is excellent during daytime but Nights its not ! Though there are no customizations as of now,Microsoft is working on WP 8.1 which adds many customizations. And never ever compare WP and Android ! Android took nearly 7 years to reach the position which it is enjoying now,but WP is just two years old.It takes time. Most Of the people have complaint regarding the Battery Life. --> This is because most of them put over charge before the first usage(6 hrs ++).Those days were gone. --> If you are getting a new phone,then just charge it to 100% and use the phone normally for a couple of days(lets say 4 to 6 days or a week).And never operate your phone when its charging(Only during these days),mainly do not play games. -->after a week or so play with your phone as you want, No restrictions. Note : This is not from any source or article, This is from my personal experience. -->My phone gives a back up of 1 day + 5 hours On "moderate--heavy" usage. And on light usage i get 2+ days back up. Moderate--heavy Usage : Wifi Always on,Whatsapp,hike,Browsing Via Internet Explorer,Subway surfers + 2 or 3 games,calls.Streaming(at times only). Light usage : Calls,messages,Few normal games.No wifi or data. ** Hope this review helps for those who decide to buy this phone**
First of all i wanna tell you ABOUT PHONE:- this is the best phone under 10K if you've 10k then go for it without thinking much.. 1GB RAM is perfect for Gaming & snapdragonS4 processor is also a good performer.. It can handle Big graphic rich Games like Asphalt 8 with ease.. No lags found.. 5MP camera is the best of its type & with Nokia Camera it is totally out of the comparison with those Micromax or Xolo(Lava) or Any other Indo-Chinese brand.. Don't go on numbers these Chinese vendors show for processor & mega pixels for camera as these are making fool.. Micromax's Canvas 4 camera is not better than Lumia 520 or 525 5MP camera, when Nokia say something about their phone their phone really perform as said.. Its battery backup is also satisfactory.. It'll last you one day despite having much more tasks such as watching videos talking on 3G, Gaming or Clicking photos, Browsing Internet, chatting with friends and much more.. SO IF YOU HAVE ANY DOUBTS DONT THINK MUCH JUST BUY IT & Don't be confused if some people are telling you the flaw of Its OS that Windows Phone 8.. People say Windows Phone have less apps...But Nah.. Nah.. I've used Sony Xperia before and i can assure you.. You'll not be disappointed with its OS.. In fact you'll loge its Beautiful & Smooth UI & Those who complain for APPS availability they need to update themselves as now windows Phone store have all APPS & GAMES WHICH you'll need.. Instagram, Vine,Facebook Messenger, Indian Railway, BBM is coming shortly and much much more... They are all now on Windows Phone Store..Nokia Mix Radio, Here Maps & Here Drive and many other Nokia Exclusives make Lumias even Better...And now lets talk about its OS WINDOWS PHONE 8.1 COMING TO ALL LUMIAS... I've ordered this Lumia 525 as i wanted a refreshed experience in low budget and windows phone provides best user experience.. Don't be confused of buying a windows phone as it is surely better than that lagdroid.. MICROSOFT RECENTLY ANNOUNCED WindowsPhone8.1 update with Nokia Cyan update which will make Windows Phone the best operating system so don't blame windows Phone anymore go & read what's new coming in windows phone 8.1. Action Center,which allows you to quichly access settings..by swiping down from the top Notification Center,is also there to show your all notifications..at one place..Option to enable that extra column of live tiles, New Backgrounds with parallax effect for start screen now any picture can be set as a live tile background & with parallax effect it looks awesome... Apps, Games and anything can now be stored in CLASS 5 or higher SD cards.. New battery sense.. And Most important Cortana the best Personal Assistant is also coming it is far better than Apple's Siri.. You can read more about new Windows Phone on WPCENTRAL website.. Or windows Phone website... Now Switch to Windows Phone as I've switched and you'll love it
IMP NOTE: Read only if you really want to buy this device, and do not blame me / my review if you do not like the device after purchase. Thank you flipkart.com for delivering this product one day before the actual date. The package was very clean and good. But, I thought you would provide another invoice bill instead of sticking it to the box. Never the less, you have provided good quality as expected. Review: Before you decide that "is lumia 525 the best smart phone I wanna buy?" make sure that you are not interested in android platform, apps and tired of clutter content or the way your current phone looks and lags all the time. Also, a small advice, people always have a misconception about the camera in mobile devices, I've seen most of them think more megapixels means more clarity, which is not true in fact. A smart phone which has 4 inch IPS display (Multi-touch) 5MP camera (lenses included *) which gives you quick uploads on your favorite social media like facebook, instagram etc,. is always a smart choice rather than compromising on things which are least important and does not helps in our routine life. Specification of this phone are genuine. Usability is truly amazing when all tasks are done on it each and every day without getting lost in useless apps. However, this phone gives you a feeling of carrying a premium quality device and not like a budget ones. Read below for all the pros & cons of this device in detail. PROS: * IPS Display: - Vivid and crystal clear. - Gives you full HD experience. - Color profiles are amazing. - Super Sensitive (can also use it by wearing gloves) - Scratch less (please don't use a pen or pin on it to prove me wrong) - Auto adjust the brightness according to environment. * Built Quality: - very good, soft in hands (only if it has a black panel, rest of the covers will slip from your hands) - Buttons are good, they do not wobble from place. - Connectivity is good both for USB and Head jack. - Speakers are loud enough. * Windows OS 8: - Lumia Black update (pre-installed) Ready for windows 8.1 - Minimalistic Interface, fast, secured and no lags anywhere like android. - Has all the "Must have apps" from windows marketplace. - Nokia did a fantastic job in providing them. - Creativity(+) - Office use (+) - Business purpose (+) - Entertainment (+) - Premium Ringtones (+) - Addictive (+) (if you like windows) - Does not hangs in between - Boots up soon, no delays (except the first launch) - Classy looks - Upgradable * Call quality is great (Airtel only / don't know about the other provider) * Can record all sort of calls including conference, radio and voice recording - Recording quality is very good (real-time) * Music quality depends upon your earphones. * Video playback quality is very good, more format options available and no need to get extra player apps to play different formats. * Camera: - Intelligent, Auto Focus (ISO options - Nokia Camera) and gives good pictures (if taken in daylight). - Different lenses, more creative options. - Apps. (Nokia Exclusive) - Good light gives you 5MP worth quality. - Video recording quality is great (depending on light) more options for creativity. * Network: - Fast - 3G is very good, never slows down unless if you face a low bar in signals. - Internet explorer is much faster and pages load more quickly than previous version - Wi-Fi speed is excellent (depending upon the strength) - Download speed is good - Upload speed is good * Storage: - In-build memory gives 6.8 GB (2Gb reserved) (total = 8 GB) - One Drive gives you 7 GB online storage (Free) (upgradable) - Camera roll gives 3 GB additional on One Drive - Expandable memory card up to 64 GB - Total Storage : 80.8 GB (Excluding 2GB reserve) (no phone gives this storage for 9k) * Other: - Apps are clean and fast. - Games do not stuck in between. (high end games+) - Maps are a plus add-on to this phone CONS: - Default earpiece gives basic audio experience. - Bad lighting gives you a 2 - 3 MP picture / video quality. - Sweaty hands can't hold it properly. - Heats up if used continuously for more than 4 hours. - Not so Customizable like android with themes or launchers. - Less apps if compared with android - Delicate - Single Sim - Short USB cable I hope you find this review helpful. For more info you can visit nokia.com. This review is only to help you to decide on the terms of the phone you are about to purchase. Please do not held me, my review if you think windows lumia 525 sucks! Opinion varies* Good luck on this buy!
its lumia 520 + { 512mb ram+dlna(Digital Living Network Alliance)+bluetooth v4+ Brightness Control+Lumia Color Profile+ Auto-c Screen+Integrated Hands-free Speakers+Proximity Sensor+ Orientation Sensor} what elsi could you expect for the extra 2k you pay. thats it pay more get more.
Hi Guys, It is the best low budget smartphone you can ever get from a premium smartphone company. For all who cribs for paying 2000 bucks for extra 512mb ram. The answer is It is brand new just released phone. When 520 gor released it was around 10,000 bucks and you are comparing the price of new 525 with old 520. It is not fair.
Me being a Windows OS follower, extremely happy with the performance and user interface of this device. Highlights : 1GB RAM delivers excellent speed (probably this much memory is not even required for win OS) Maps : HERE maps are accurate and they work offline as well. Just loving this feature. Music : Free music download from Nokia music store is just too good a bonanza. I was too tired of the same Bollywood and Hollywood music. I am now exploring carnatic, raagas, telugu instrumental albums, marathi singing violin, flute, old artist albums, trans music and many more such gems which otherwise i had never known before. Thousand likes for providing such a valuable perks. Contacts : Integration with FB and LinkedIn is too smooth. I now have contacts of almost every person that I know on my finger tips. Battery : Battery life is longer and enough. Magazines : Are free download Display enabling : I like this functionality too much. With just two taps on the screen you can enable the screen. Other devices you need to use a hard button which after heavy use starts mal functioning. Camera : Camera functionality gets enabled with hard button touch, instantly and you don't need to navigate till the camera menu and enable. You don't miss to capture the right moment. Its just instant camera use without any delay. Cloud space : You are given free cloud space which i guess no other device offers you. Movies : Free limited movies from the store. What else do you want. Meeting reminders : They come on screen and remind when I configure my office outlook account. No chance to miss your meeting for lack of notification. I am HAPPY especially for : HERE maps and navigation with GPS system that I can use for long car drives. Nokia Music with endless offers Exhaustive Contact list generating capability Unlock screed display with two taps on screen. A Thumbs up for being an excellent offer for so less a price !!!
Nokia Lumia 525 has brought with a wide range of advanced features which has made it a smartphone in it’s own rights. The shiny and colourful interchangeable cover came in 3 choices of colours and I had decided upon the yellow one then. The 4” display in the front makes the handset pretty attractive and also makes operations on it easier as I get a lot of screen space which is helpful in case of a touch screen. The sleek and trendy phone is loaded with a number of useful as well as entertaining apps that I can boast of. The Microsoft Office app, which helps me create and edit documents on the go. Since it can even support document formats like Pdf, Excel, Word, One Note, Power Point I can instantly download files from the internet and get going with my work without wasting too much time. The big 4” LCD with high resolution and True Colour display gives an amazing gaming experience. The display enhances the quality of the pictures that I take with it’s 5 MP camera. Now if I get bored when I have to travel long distances, I have a whole new world of entertainment and fun at my fingertip.The images taken with the 5 MP camera is complete with sharp texture and rich colours. I can capture the precious moments of my life with great ease and proficiency. The Nokia Smart Camera is capable of performing a number of advanced editing functions which people usually do with the help of a separate software. It can take Action Shots, remove unwanted objects from the picture or capture the best smile. It has an internal storage memory of 8 GB which is expandable upto 64 GB, for storing all my files and applications. The Nokia Lumia 525 has a customizable home screen which makes it more personalized. I can select and edit the colourful live tiles and set it the way I would want my home screen to appear. I also now know where to find what on the phone.
First thanks to flip kart for deliering the product on time. i.e., in a day guarantee. Ordered on 20th and received on 21st. I already have mmx a110q. Though i want to buy and use windows mobile for a long time. Hence i bought this mobile. I was waiting for the perfect time to buy. I saw WS Retail selling the mobile for 9285 rs. i ordered immediately. The packaging done by WS Retail was really good. ADVANTAGES: 1. 10 gameloft games free.. I bought from WS retail 2. 1 year free music subscription free . Download unlimited music. 3. 1gb idea internet free if you insert idea sim for the first time for two months. 4. 5mp camera crisp and clear at day light 5. Touch is smooth and sensitive. 6. Because of 1gb RAM mobile is too fast 7. Mix Radio, Nokia Smart Cam, Office, XBox , Mail are perfect apps to start with. 8. Gets connected to wifi and 3g network in seconds not like android taking minutes to get proper connection. 9. Windows 8 black is awesome. Windows 8.1 will be available by April 19th. 10. Nokia here works perfect. But not as good as google maps. 11. I exported my contacts to google from android mobile. As soon as i synchronized my account in lumia it got all my contacts into it. 12. IE is fast like anything. you will feel the difference once you use 3g or wifi. Dis Advantages. 1. No flash and front camera. 2. Few games are glitchy e.g, temple run 2 . But higher end games work flawlessly 3. As of now u cant move apps to sd card. But after 19th april you can move. 4. Few apps that you find very useful in android are still not available in nokia store. E.g, Axis bank. and whatsapp privacy updates. etc., 5. Discharges very fastly. Only suitable for moderate users. Not for hard users. 6. Single sim. some times we use one for internet and one for rest of the purpose. I will explore more and update this review later.
The bright glossy colour of its cover and the sleek and trendy design of my new Nokia Lumia 525 exude a very positive feeling. The lively and happy colours have always helped in lifting up my mood. Thus when I first saw it I was very pleased with all the 3 different colours it came in. Moreover the cover of my new handset can be swapped into a different coloured cover. Thus Nokia Lumia 525 never gets monotonous and boring. The rounded corners and the gentle edges have given it a more softer look but its large 4” screen in the front is highly noticeable. The IPS LCD display has been equipped with the Clear Black and the True Colour technology which is why the display of my new phone is of such good quality. The big screen and the clear display make way for a better gaming experience. Other than the high quality display, the dual core processor and the 1GB RAM can also be considered two of the most integral and the strongest point of the device. The uninterrupted gaming experience and the smooth functioning of the other apps can only be accredited to the processor and the high resolution RAM.My Nokia Lumia isn’t only colourful on the outside but in the inside as well. This is because of the colourful and the customizable Live Tiles on my home screen which is basically used for storing my apps on them. My Nokia Lumia has a number of interesting and useful apps, like the Nokia HERE Maps, MS Office, Outlook, photography apps such as the Nokia Glam Me, Creative Studio and so on. Apart from the 8 GB Mass memory and the 64 GB of extendable memory the Nokia Lumia 525 has also provided me with the 7 GB of free storage on the Microsoft One Drive so that I never lose my important documents. The strong battery life also enables a longer lasting phone that doesn’t require to be recharged every now and then. A great Mobile
I bought this phone 3 weeks back, n using day night out, everybody does that with new phone :P Advantages: I have been using a High Mid Range Android,i.e. a Sony Xperia SP, and believe me i love my Xperia, but, this Little dude is a Superman!!! WINDOWS phone is way smoother than Android counterparts,the UI is just extremely Fluid. I installed the official Developer preview of Windows Phone 8.1, and there is so much more added to windows UI!! If u have used android,u would certainly miss the drop down notofication,but now in windows 8.1, u have that too,dropdown notification centre, Cortana,the voice guide for windows is almost close to Siri of Apple if not better,but its way better than google now U CAN INSTALL ALL UR APPS AND GAMES AND EVEN MOVE APPS AND GAMES TO THE EXTERNAL MEMORY CARD with WP 8.1,except system apps!!! thats a big deal!! Nokia's Image sensor and image processing is excellent. Yes, there is less apps in Windows Store than Google Playstore, but do u use 270 million apps in playstore???? the thing is u have all the needed apps in windows store too..FB,LinkedIn,adobe,camera 360,flipkart,goal.com,hike,instagram,maxthon browser,fb messenger,times of india,cnn,uc browser,whatsapp..games include Asphalt 8,which runs smoothly,given all apps n games are supported as it boasts 1GB of RAM. dark knight,FIFA 14,GTA,Temple Run,Angry Birds,Subway Surfer,Real Football... name a stuff n u have it. Call quality is excellent The Nokia and Microsoft apps are excellent,believe me,they are awesome,u have a bunch of Microsoft n Nokia apps,and they are so much better than Google one's.. Excellent build quality The best thing is everything is so beautifully integrated,from mail to different social accounts. the battery life is excellent,that would be a sigh of relief, u easily get 18-20 hrs even after using it moderately like playing games a bit,surfing via wifi,listening to music,1 hr voice call. it would be 15-18hr on 3g though,but still u should be left with 35-40% charge left!!!! The screen is very good,ambient light sensor works perfectly as does clear black display
I bought this phone on March 27th, 2014 with extremely high spirits, and I wasn't able to wait for it to arrive. I was on the hunt for a nice smartphone under $150, and I did a lot of research on all these Micromax and Gionee phones, to no liking. I decided that Windows Phone was a good place to look, and I found Nokia! I knew that Windows Phone was a fast and zippy operating system from the moment it first appeared in 2010. Despite my friends telling me not to buy one for lack of apps and compatibility, I bought this phone. I don't have words to describe how wonderful the experience has been with it. For people complaining that the phone will hang, or become unusable due to the lack of CPU power, their argument is only correct for gaming. The 525's 1GB RAM is great for multitasking; however, because Windows Phone 8 requires extremely less processing power to run the OS, the S4 Play does just fine. However, upon running benchmarks, you will see it far below the list of other Android phones with better processors at this price point. Windows Phone 8 has good power management and app backgrounding, so even with the meager 1430 mAH battery, you should be able to squeeze at least a day out of it with moderate usage. The camera isn't a disappointment for a budget phone; you get what you pay for. However, the lack of a flash has upset me a few times, but what can we do? And if you do heavy video calling, or take the occasional selfie for Instagram or other social networks, this isn't the smartphone for you. Yes, the phone has the Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 chipset, with a 1GHz Dual Core processor coupled with an Adreno 305 GPU. This is a really good SoC combo, but keep in mind:- it is not mentioned anywhere that this is the PLAY chipset. Basically, the PLAY chipset puts limitations on the hardware capacity of the phone; i.e. on an S4 Play chipset, you generally are limited to an 8MP Camera, 1 GB of RAM, and a 1.2 GHz dual core processor. You also cannot have LTE, 1080p video encoding (only up to 720p, which limits video recording resolution), and no NFC. This is why the phone doesn't have those features. Also, presumably to cut costs and save battery, you DON'T get certain features that other Nokia Lumias have, which are the Glance Screen. And yes, this does have the Nokia Beamer application. Not just this; I signed up for the Preview for Developers program and got Windows Phone 8.1 Dev Preview onto my phone. Guess what? Apart from a little graphical lag here and there, it works completely awesome, showing that this phone has been future-proofed well. On Windows Phone 8.1, you get a new Notification Center and tons of new features, which kills the Android competition out there. And yes, despite the lack of applications on the Windows Store, you can get by with the apps they already have. And more apps coming for Windows Phone 8.1 if you can update to it! NOTE:- This phone is PREINSTALLED with WINDOWS PHONE 8. You need to follow a certain procedure to install 8.1 on your Lumia phone. The last limitation this phone has is the lack of internal storage (only 8GB) which will be a problem for Windows Phone 8 users. But if you manage to get 8.1 on your phone, you can install apps to the SD card, meaning you can have up to 64 GB worth of applications installed to your SD card instead of My ratings:- 1. Day to Day performance:- 8.5/10 2. Gaming:- 7/10 (Not really built for heavy gaming...weak CPU was designed for utilizing Windows Phone apparatus, but poorly optimized for games) 3. Camera:- 7/10 (Lack of Optical Image Stabilization and Flash, 5MP resolution may displease a few) 4. Battery Life:- 8/10 for Windows Phone 8 7/10 for Windows Phone 8.1 Dev Preview (has more background applications) 5. UI:- 10/10 for Windows Phone 8.1 Dev Preview 9/10 for Windows Phone 8 (lacks notification center, introduced in update) Overall Rating:- 8/10 Please do note, the official Windows Phone update will come out in the following months, but you can get the PREVIEW now. Note this will void your warranty, and you may experience issues such as bugs. If you are not comfortable with this, use Win8 until the official updates are out! Ciao, enjoy the Lumia experience (if that's what you buy, hopefully)!
PROS: Touch is impressive. Battery backup is good. Cons: Camera is not so good. If you take picture in low light then the pic is not up to the mark. Absence of a good file explorer. Data cable comes with this phone is so small. Worst Head Set, Sound quality is bad and If you use it for half n hour then ear pain starts.
Hi this is my first ever review . Iam using this phone for nearly 1 month . I will share ny experience with this phone s performance and features pro s one by one a) First ever , Who are all bored with android and samsung's same design crap models , this is the perfect refreshing os b) Whatever the negative reviews , this phone comes with 1GB of RAM even 720 which is priced at 15k comes with 512mb RAM so 525 is highly preferred for high end game players ( It supports HD games , I played Asphalt 7 ,Asphalt 8 and Assassins Creed , all of them plays without any single lag and the touch response is awesome) Also Gameloft games gives free xbox games worth 2100 INR valid upto 31 March 2014 c)Those who says , this doesnt come with Flash . Under 10k even phones coming with flash is not capturing crisp clear photos in night . Nokia camera is far better than any other brands and for front cam , I noticed everyone having phone with front cam hasnt that facility used for a quite long tym d) And from the windows store, we can download our day to day daily usage apps(paytm, flipkart, uc browser(best mobile browser) ..etc) which is highly supported in this phone and runs almost all apps very smoothly e)Other pro's are IPS display(~233 ppi) , supports 1080p video playback and cam records video at 720p which is of high quality . Cons: a) Coming to the cons , Battery backup is medium . Nokia should have given it as 1800mah instead of 1450 mah which is quite disappointing because this models comes with game snapshots they should have thought about it. But anyway it s not a big problem b) They said internal memory is 8GB . But user available is 4.4GB . Again a drawback and phone installs game only in internal storage . HD games are of 1GB capacity. But for running it requires more storage space so if u install 3 HD games phone memory almost gets full so try to save ur music and videos in SD card Conclusion : I bought it for 9k from other websites . Certainly it is a worth buy. Any one barking for flash and front cam pls go for lava , micromax , karbonn and so on. Making a negative reviews for this phone wont make any change . This is already an HIT. Hopefullyy , windows is releasing an 8.1 update on april . Update is rumoured with installing games in SD card and notification features . If it is real , it ll be happy for all 525 users
for those who are finding dificulty in space management kindly download LUMIA STORAGE CHECKER !! IT WILL ALLOW YOU TO MOVE MAPS TO SD CARD .. AND N NEXT UPDATE 8.1 APPS ALSO CAN BE INSTALLED ON SD CARD BEST OF LUCK GUYS !!
What can i say about this phone? well for starters,its cheap!,seriously for people who are on a fixed budget like me and want a phone that performs and entertains at cheap price,this is it, Pros- 1.Awesome Camera,the picture is really clear and doesn't pixelate even after zooming in. 2.Its fast,1GB Ram and a dual core processor are enough for daily use and you can also use it for medium gaming,Because of the increased RAM in comparison to 520,new games are available that were not on 520, 3.Easy to use,No need to explain that.. 4.Mordern and trendy design Cons- Haven't found any yet If you are a lil short on money and are looking for a phone that is good and cheap buy it! Note-Thanks to Flipkart for offering me a good discount and good delivery service,you guys rock!
Hello everybody, recently I have purchased this lumia 525 for my wife. and I am using samsung galaxy s2. basically i am an android fan. but surprisingly after handling lumia 525 I became windows mobile O/S fan too. the build quality of this mobile is really good and decent price. camera also really good under bright lighting. but there is no flash. we can play most of the 3d games without any lag (becoz 1gb ram). overall it is a very good mobile with a smart price tag.I can download songs from nokia music. this feature is really very good.
A handset having a strong dual core processor, high resolution RAM and a very strong battery would anyday be my first choice over any highly featured fashionable ones. But on Nokia Lumia 525 I found it all. It isn’t that extravagantly priced but yet it has been loaded with some of the smartest features and apps. It is a very durable handset with a strong dual core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor, 1 GB RAM and 1430 mAh Battery. These are the assets of my Nokia Lumia 525 which create a platform for supporting all the important functions of the phone. I have apps like the HERE Maps, MS Office, Outlook, Cinemagraph, Glam Me app etc which run perfectly on the dual core processor. I can even keep multiple apps open at a time without worrying about the phone getting hanged or the battery running out. It has a 5 MP camera which comes to good use to me. The quality of the images clicked is very nice, as in they are sharp and clear with a rich colour balance. So my Nokia Lumia 525 is always camera ready and that is why I can take snaps whenever I want to and use the photo editing apps for giving different effects to them. It’s glossy and colourful shell along with the 4” screen make for a very pretty outlook. The large screen has been supported by the IPS LCD and the True Colour technologies which is why the display looks so spectacular. It isn’t only pretty but is also quite durable. I had dropped it a couple of times but it hadn’t really affected it in any way. The home screen has been adorned by colourful and customizable Live Tiles on which I can store my apps on them. I now know my menu well and it is easier for me to find stuffs on it. This is an all rounder handset and makes up for everything I require on my handset.
Very bad experience with this phone...charging circuit inside the phone went faulty within 20 days of purchase... nokia service centre saying that it can not be repaired or replaced. Total waste of money.
My Nokia Lumia 525 has stood upto all my expectations. I have been using it satisfactorily for quite sometime now. It has features which are of lot of help to me as for example the MS Office apps and the Outlook and even the HERE Maps. Along with these apps the 7 GB One Drive Storage too is of a lot of help. I now have a back up for all my apps and I can thus carry those files around. My phone also lasts really long because of the 1430 mAh battery. Also the other hardware configurations of the device are pretty impressive as well, the 1GB RAM and the dual core processor allows for a much smoother running of the device.
Nokia Lumia 525 is a phone that scores high on both in terms of it’s functions and design. The highly efficient handset is true value for money. From the apps like the MS Office, Outlook, HERE Maps, Glam Me, Cinemagraph etc to the free 7GB One drive storage and an amazing battery life, my Nokia Lumia 525 has all that I need. Despite is highly advance applications and so many features, my phone doesn’t at all lag which is a great relief for me. this is mainly because of it’s 1Gb RAM and the dual core processor. Looks wise too it is pretty good with colourful design and big screen of 5 inches.
The stylish feel that comes from the colorful glossy changeable shells of my new Nokia Lumia 525 and the also from it’s 4” large IPS LCD screen is the reason it first caught my attention. But the style quotient of the handset hasn’t affected it’s durability. It still is resistible to impacts and blows. It works absolutely fine even after I accidentally slipped from my hand. It’s sleek rounded corners enhances it softer outlook even more. The display looks brighter with the colourful customizable Live Tiles on the home screen which has made the Nokia Lumia 525 more personalized.The 5 MP camera with 4x zoom helps me capture vivid and detailed pictures. There are more than one application to assist me for smart editing. I use different tools on the Nokia Smart Cam that does majority of the editing part whereas there are the other apps as well like the Glam Me App or the Creative studio which also are capable of advanced editing functions. With Nokia Smart Camera I can take a number of shots in a sequence by which I can either select the best shot or just put together all the shots in one frame, enhancing the movement. I can also remove unwanted objects from a picture. On the other hand the Nokia Glam Me App is the digital make over app with which I can experiment with my own pictures and do the editing to make myself look better. My Nokia Lumia 525 also has apps for real work purposes as well like the MS Office or the Outlook. These apps come to great use when I have to work on certain documents or create presentations. My Nokia Lumia 525 allows me to take care of these on the go. The 7 GB of free MS One Drive storage provides for a great benefit. I can store all my documents on the One Drive and pull it out form there whenever I need them. Not only documents but I can also store pictures on the One Drive as well..,
I am happy and pleased with my new Nokia Lumia 525. This smart phone has all the essential features that I needed like a good camera, powerful battery, attractive design and so on. If though it seemed all fine from the beginning I was still a little skeptic about it. I feared that it might just start malfunctioning after using it for sometime. It has been several months now and considering how roughly I handle the phone it is still doing very well. I have also changed it’s looks once within these few months. The colourful shells can be swapped if one wants to. So I don’t have to get colour bored as well. I can swap the cover to suit my style as well. The slim handset also has a 4” display screen which is absolutely sharp and clear. Thanks to the IPS LCD and the True Colour technology for perfecting everything from its colour gradient to sharpness. The games that I play on my phone and even the videos and the images turn out so splendid on the screen. And the customizable Live Tiles on the homescreen makes the display appear pretty cool. I can arrange my favourite apps on them for faster access. As I said earlier it has a good camera and along with the 5 MP camera it also has a number of photo editing tools and Apps. The Nokia Smart Cam itself is capable of a number of complicated editing functions like taking action shots, blurring the background, removing objects from the pictures etc. So I can do a bit of a touch up on the images after clicking them on my phone itself. I hardly require separate softwares for the editing tasks. The battery back up too is great. The 1430 mAh battery is strong enough for sustaining the phone for almost about a day with just charging it once. My overall experience with the handset is good and it has been a good buy for me. Great Device
I bought the Nokia Lumia 525 that I am using at present several months back and I must admit that so far I haven’t experienced anything bad with the handset. it is working fine and I am very pleased with this buy of mine. It is not only it’s glossy and colourful cover that got me into buying this handset but also because of it’s features. Ofcourse I liked it’s outlook. The colourful covers can also be changed according to wish. And the 4” display is one of it’s most commendable features. The IPS LCD with the True Colour technology is responsible for making the display sharp and clear. It also has a good viewing angle so whether I am playing games on it or clicking images, it is always a great experience. The 5MP camera that has been provided with the handset is efficient in clicking good quality high resolution pictures. The colour balance and the sharpness of each image are just perfect and just as I like. There are a number of photo editing applications on my phone like the creative graph, glam me app etc which I can use for effective editing of the images. With the Nokia Cam as the default camera app I though have nothing much to bother about the editing jobs as most of the advanced editings can be done by the Nokia Cam itself. Amongst the other apps the MS Office and the Outlook come very handy. I can easily create, edit or share any document, create presentation or send official mails, all on the go. So even if I am not with my personal laptop I can still have these works done. All these apps wouldn’t have been functioning so good if not for the dual core processor and the 1 GB RAM. These two together makes functioning smooth and fast. My phone doesn’t experience any kind of lag or doesn’t hang up if I have two applications running at the same time.
I bought this phone with great expectation.....but i think flipkart had sent a defective product... actually the price was much less than the market price and I feel they sold the defective products at that price..... Here Maps was not working (which works fine in my brother's lumia 520) and hence I asked for a replacement ..... but the replaced unit also had similar problems and it was more defective as sometimes the double tap feature was not working in that unit...thus I asked for a refund ...once the pick up was done and refund process was underway I asked whether they could replace with a genuine and working product and cancel the refund but they said it was not possible and asked me to place a new order.... however the price has now been increased by about Rs 900 ...so I feel that they tried to sell the defective units at the reduced price..... really disappointed with flipkart and this have shattered my trust in online purchases at a heavy discount.. P.S- Flipkart have refunded the money though...but still it is a bad business strategy to sell defective products at reduced price claiming those to be genuine and original...
nookia lumia 525 black... real gorgeous phone... and when i say gorgeous i am talking about nokia lumia 525 only and not comparing with any other phone in the market. windows OS is techie and professional. flipkart does the job great once again by delivering the product before due date making my mothers day more happy and enjoyable. Performance : yes performance is superb in this price range, I bet you,show me a single smartphone other than windows,in this price range that performs really good ! We cant find any ! Microsoft has given high priority for the Privacy of customers and this is the reason there are many limitations in the OS.Hopefully at least few will be addressed in next update. Camera is excellent during daytime but Nights its not ! Though there are no customizations as of now,Microsoft is working on WP 8.1 which adds many customizations. And never ever compare WP and Android ! Android took nearly 7 years to reach the position which it is enjoying now,but WP is just two years old.It takes time. Most Of the people have complaint regarding the Battery Life. GREAT
Been using this product for 2 weeks now. The interface is smooth, no lags, and the phone is fast at handling daily tasks. However, I noticed that the phone heats up if you use internet while the phone lasts for about 9 hours straight using whatsapp, playing music and downloading songs,etc. However, the battery is replaceable and it'll not burn your pockets to buy one. *P.S. Windows Phone 8.1 is coming on June/July and it is one of the best updates ever. Sure WIndows Phone will outperform android in the near future. Cheers! Buy a windows phone today.
Nokia Lumia 525 is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 MSM8227 chipset. This chipset consists of a 1 GHz Dual Core processor, Adreno 305 for graphics and several other components as a part of the system on a chip. Yes, this is the exact same one that Nokia uses on its other Lumia phones, including the 520, 620 and the 720. Unsurprisingly, it exhibits similar performance characteristics as the other devices, like in games as well as in the regular UI, which is smooth and responsive.
Nokia has made an awesome gaming phone within 10k. The 1 GB RAM supported by a 1 GHz processor makes the phone work smoothly. It doesn’t lags in any aspect. Games like Asphalt 8, Halo, Modern Combat 4 etc works smoothly. Also the 3G and wifi support makes it even better. I think in this edition Nokia should have added a camera flash. Even a Nokia Asha 503 has a camera flash. So overall this phone is better than Lumia 520 in performance. So I would suggest this phone to those who want a high quality phone within 10k. And nothing to say about flipkart’s service. The phone was delivered within 3 days with nice packaging and in excellent condition.
I needed a smartphone at about 10k and liked the professional look of the Windows OS. I have been using android for couple of years and wanted a change. This review is based on 3 days of heavy usage. Windows Os: I find the OS to be extremely engaging and interesting. I have heard reviews that it has a steep learning curve. However, i found no such issues and the look and feel is very different from the standard feel of android. I was also able to find all the apps I need withing 2 hrs. I am not a heavy app user or gamer. However, all the productivity apps and the few games I used to play I found in Windows store (or satisfactory replacements). Screen: The screen is a plus at this price range unless one is looking to buy cheap brands like lava or micromax. The touch is immensely responsive. Sunlight readability is however a bit low. Battery: Battery is a problem. I needed to charge once every day at medium to heavy usage. Hardly lasts 24 hrs with data on. However, this is a problem with many low budget phones. Build quality : Excellent. Period. Camera: Surprisingly good.
Withe the backing of both Microsoft and Nokia this is one gem of a phone to have. You get an awesome OS in Windows 8, a pretty good camera (though no flash), easy synchonisation with all your mails, UNLIMITED songs download with Nokia music ( u 'll need Wii-fi for this) and HERE maps ( the offline version works quite well..but still a tad below Google maps). You may however have some issue loading your contacts from your old phone as this phone doesnt take vcf cards as contacts. There are programs to convert vcf to csv ( outlook format of contacts) but you 'll have to convert them individually. The bulk converters will only convert the names..no. wont appear in your phone. The only solution I found was to load them in your sim card and copy. If you have 500 + contacts you may have to do it multiple times. I found the interface awesome and the screen readiblity in sunlight is also good as claimed by them. But since there are not many Lumia users around as much as android users, u 'll have to deal with any queries youself or through net. If u have been a happy android user then stay away frm Lumia coz u might go mad.. the interface is totally different and might leave u bitter. The options in gaming is limited compared to android. The phone however has not hung a single time since I have started using it ( one month old). If u enjoy having two companies backing you and enjoy perks like unlimited music downloads and a robust OS go for it. ( For people who insist on hving a flash in their camera ..go for 720 but it comes with a 512 mb ram compared to the 1 gb 525 offers).
I'll compare this model with android pos: 1. Big screen 4 inches 2. Great camera..works awesome..with great Nokia apps. 3. Live tiles works great 4. Battery life. 5. 4 Months free Nokia music store subscription..U can download all official songs for free. 6. Moliplayer Pro works awesome (It's alternative for MX player n windows) 7. Desktop software syncs with itunes also... neg: 1. No LED indicator.(you'll never know u got a call or message until you unlock it.)...very irritating. 2. Same Sound profile for all.(media, notification & ring) 3. No timeline xbox player..there is no alternative. 4. No swipe keyboard..windows keyboard won't allow it. 5. Finally no notification bar and widgets...!!
10K for 1GB RAM, 1GHz processor was a surprise from Nokia. Grabbed it !! The quality of the OS is very standard and nice once you get used to it. Decent gaming experience. Good sound quality. However, cam is not much to boost about. Of course, there is few Nokia built in feature for cam, but giving the flash light a miss will always make you regret if you have high expectation with the camera. I did not mind compromising with this for its reasonable price tag. All in all, good for gaming, outlook & office purpose. Decent 7/10.
I have been using this phn for almost 3 weeks and have installed all apps necessary and up to the brink of the internal memory...still runs buttery smooth..App ecosystem is gd and increasing....windows phone 8.1 os update slated to release around mid 2014 promises a truck load of new features....with much anticipated notification center and installing apps to sd card just to name a few.....with wp8.1 this already awesome phn is sure to rock smartphone charts....cngrts nokia on a brilliant phone... only con is lack of flash and front cam...
Phone is good enough for those who are looking for stability and quality. But what the hell flipkart is doing?? They are charging 500-1000 more on each and every models. Take a look at other websites, google it. You will get my point. Who will pay 1000 more for one month replacement guarantee. BTW flipkart service is good. But price must be competitive. Edit: Today I got a mail from flipkart , not to mention price reviews , only review about product, My question is from flipakrt? Price matters a lot for every customer and other websites are not selling fake products. Flipkart has fast service, but you couldn't charge 1k more on less than 10k product. Being of largest online seller, Better to provide competitive price instead of deleting customers review. I suspect now they allow only positive reviews.
many apps together can run very smoothly ..it doesnt take resuming when aaps are open it runs very smoothly ..it has updated version of software which has made device very smooth in gaming ..it runs sufway surfers temple run2 very smoothly and other heavy games ..but 520 lags sometime but 525 doesnt lags at all
mobile is nice, quality is also good, but the Apps r nt good. the problms u hv 2 deal wid it r as follws- 1. No micro sd explorer or viewer, not evn good apps in store 2. U hv to connet it wid P.C to set a ringtone, u cnt set it frm mobile 3. No option for creat playlist in music player 4. no mkv player or good video plyr wid subtitles 5. no copy, cut or paste option, u cant copy files like images, musics, videos or other document 6. No rename option 7. key lights r absnt, hv 2 face difclties in dark 8. & the xtrm dsapointng featr is windows keyped, u cant write a word properly wid this keyboard 9. .....etc. As a whole microsoft cldn't make dis windws rt cmplted, dis lumia mobile comes wid incmplt featrs. But the good qualties r nice cam, xtrmly smooth touch, 1gb ram is good for multi-tskng, intrnet explorer is a good & light browser I shared my experiences now ur choice
I bought this phone two days back and what a superb service by Flipkart..!!! About phone: Except missing from front camera and missing flash, the Nokia Lumia 525 is simply superb by all means. (The missing one star in my rating is because of that only ;) ) You surely would not get these much features, smoothness, quality and after sell service (Nokia Care is everywhere) in this price range. Many have already written so many good things about this phone so I am avoiding to mention it again. I recommend this phone. Nokia is back...
Even if they r charging little more but it make sense for such a company to be respectful to environment...A brand value of Nokia never ever eroded..I have layed hands on cells since cell techonology launched in 1995..Nokia always delivered from front those years..its trust that goes a long way..
lumia series is d best smartphone available in d market right now ......i have used sony, samsung, blackberry n lumia seems to have an upper hand. right from looks, design, performance to its simplicity .....its just amazing....i tried few heavy apps n games ....n it played it witout any lag...i was confused between 520 and 525 bt i guess an extra 2k for 1 GB ram is really worth ...plus d battery lasts much longer thn androids if ur confused whether u shld buy a lumia or not....just dont think much ...n go for it ....u wont regret ...!!
People have appreciated it enough so I'm pointing towards some points which people might be missing... > Sloppy User Interface,,, for e.g. If you need to turn on mobile data or Wi-Fi or any other minute setting like increasing brightness etc.... you need to go to settings, look for that particular option and then you're done. Quite Time-Taking and Sometimes Frustrating! > 5 MP Camera w/o flash means your cam is for outdoor day-light only. > No secondary camera, people having high-speed wifi connection can't make video calls over various platforms, Skype, VIBER, Nimbuzz & many more. > Less battery back-up, under this use... 1 hour calls, 2 hour surfing, 1 hour games, this device shows battery low... so what's the use of 1 GB RAM which is advertised as it's USP when we can't use it w/o plugging the charger every 8 hours. Not worth 10k. Choose Wisely, Good Luck Guys!
due to 1 gb RAM its burning we can boil tea on it the phone is getting heated due to 1 GB RAM i think the design should be changed so that it will be better for the users . if the company changes its RAM design so that it will be better
I have been planning for a nice pretty looking smartphone that wouldn’t just look pretty but have some substance as well. The Nokia Lumia 525 happened to be just the phone I needed. I love it’s glossy and colorful exterior with the 5 inches IPS LCD display which is gorgeous as well as sturdy at the same time. Also it has got apps like the MS Office and the Outlook on which I can do my presentations or edit my documents whenever I like even on the go. The One Drive storage provides for a large quantity of space on the cloud where I can simply store away my files and access them from any other device. The battery back up too is very impressive.
currently i bought this phone for my son.... as he wanted 1gb ram and a low budget phone... guess what???? HE WAS SIMPLY AMAZED TO SEE THAT WHAT HIS WINDOWS PHONE COULD DO!!!!!!!!!!!!! IF ANYONE TELLS THIS PHONE BAD OR NOT GOOD.. SERIOUSLY U GOTTA BE KIDDING ME
It's a monster from NOKIA. The product almost has same config as 520, but the main change/ upgradation is RAM of 1GB. This makes the WP OS work like a monster.. A real good buy at this price. Only complain: no front cam-- atleast 0.3MP could have been given. :)
USING SINCE LAUNCH JUST PERFECT NO LAGS AND HANG UPS NICE PRODUCT FROM NOKIA WIN 8.1 WORKING SMOOTH AS SILK
Nice product.... till nw no pbblm..... Using since 6 months....... Don't fear 2 buy windows phone.... it is jst a romour.... All apps u can download frm Store....
First things first- You get the games if you buy from flipkart and the seller is WS Retail. Maybe others offer it too but i cant say. Display:- For a windows phone with all its lined icons and tiles instead of the round curvy ones in iOS or Android, 480x800 does amazingly well considering its is only a 4 inch panel. Agreed its not a retina but it is still not that obvious to the naked eye. Brightness is awesome for the phone in 10k category. I mean cmon guys stop comparing it to those Amoled panels. They cost you. IPS display, excellent colour reproduction and as always, nokia's quality. Touch:- Only one word. BUTTER. in high sensitivity, you actually do not need to touch it. if you maintain a very small gap, you get to use it. The double tap to wake is great for checking the notifications while its lying on a table. Build quality:- Guys, just remember one thing, it comes from the company which made the 3310. Awesome quality an the poly-carbonate back feels much better than the cheap Samsung ones. The only disadvantage, Nokia dosen't give you flip-covers like Samsung. And the Lumia 520 covers and cases by Nokia are absolutely compatible. I have always been a fan of straight lines and edges. So i love its design. If you like curves, go for Samsung. Battery:- A 1430mAH battery but performs much better thanks to the windows phone OS. Lasts me about a day with usage included. On standby with background 3G with some whats app and brightness on auto, Gave me a full 2 day session until it switched off. Performance:- The USP of the phone. A snapdragon s4 Dual core in 10 K? Two years ago i would have told you its impossible. Nokia bought me by providing a snapdragon at this price point. Dual core runs all the windows apps and games without lag or stutter even with two running. 1GB RAM is the best you can get at this price and honestly, its quite enough. I ran NOVA 3, Modern Combat 4, Lets golf HD, Assassins creed, NFS HP. None of them lagged. For stress testing, Uninstalled all apps, cleared all files and installed two games NOVA 3 and MC4. ran both simeltaneously and NOVA had slight stutters in Graphically intense scenes But MC4 lagged a bit. Mostly due to lack of cores for parallel processing. Camera:- Compare it with anything up to the 20K range except the lumias and it'll just blow them off. Guys remember one thing, megapixel matters only when you want a whole big print. Except for that quality matters and this thing gives you just that. The focusing is fast. The capture is fast too. The Nokia camera is a good thing for a planned photo but for a quick snap, the general camera is much better. Video is clear and sound reproduction is just awesome. The OS:- Depends on your taste. If you want all that games and customisability with ROM's and all that stuff, go for an android. Windows is targeted towards a guy who wants just some basic smartphone features for manual and want to let the phone do all the other stuff. All general functions are there. Dont forget the nokia MixRAdio. Necessary apps are available. All games are not but quite a few are. Here Maps. Just Awesome. Comparing with moto G. Firstly it costs 2.5k more. Secondly, its quad core is a older Snapdragon 400 not a S4 pro. And as the render resolution on the screen is more(720x1280)it it taxed out. Still performs better Than the lumia:( Camera is a big Letdown. Build quality is okay okay. Screen is much better that the 525. Verdict:- Unless you are a geek who want all the latest and the best, go for the nokia. If you want that big appstore and app ecosystem, go for the Moto G. DO NOT, I Repeat DO NOT go for indian brands like LAVA, Micromax, etc. I agree they have good phones but the service is pathetic. Please stay away. If you want the iOS, the apple iPhone 4 is still for sale, grab it.
Bought this beauty in May and that was my best decision ever! I'm never going back to stupid lag-droid devices again! This comes loaded with WP8 but WP8.1 Update 1 is available now.. That is 2 updates already!! Performance wise: Can run Asphalt 8 without breaking a sweat. Images: Can be below par in low light but that hasn't troubled me .Day time is perfect. And to all those saying We don't have apps... Complete B.S , stop living in 2008. We have about 3 lakh apps! And sending images,videos through Bluetooth is not possible? B.S again! Moto G does not have a SD card and that is y it wasn't an option for me. Micromax is crap, Xiaomi is crap, Don't buy cheap Chinese phones that provide high Specs..U will regret it within a month. hasmituchilAToutlookDOTcom
I was using Android for the last 4 years since Donut. The android uses much more hardware resources than windows. Hence even if you have more number of cores and higher clock speed, it freezes. You feel crazy when it freezes while dialing an urgent call or something. To solve this i thought of going back to Symbian. But S60 series are not available and S40 has limited functionality. I need a phone which is fast and smart. After days of my research i fixed Windows 8 (Windows 8.1 update is rolling out) OS and Nokia hardware. I agree that windows has so much limitations compare to Android and may not be suitable for youngsters (for gaming, chatting, trying new apps from play store etc.). But its a good smart phone for professionals to Sync their Outlook, contacts, calender and much more. More than that Windows OS is more secure and difficult to hack or loot data from it. Nokia 525 is cheap, smart, fast and SAFE. So if are a student or developer go for android so that you can pass time with it. If you are a Doctor, Engineer, Executive officer, Administrator, Operation manager or any other executive definitely go for Windows, i phone or Blackberry.
we already know lumia series has proved itself, 525 doesnot let you down. As usual quick delivery and great service by Flipkart :-)
it is very fast compared to lumia 520 and is having compatibility to many apps that are not possible in 520. having a great time with its amazing features and apps.
A good windows phone under 10k. with 1 GB RAM and 8GB internal memory. Camera quality is good 5MP. The only cons. Flash is not there. Rest all the features are good..
I am very much thankful to Flipkart for delivering me the product before time. Excellent service i must say you will be one of the top websites in a few days for sure. Coming to the product, i got it delivered yesterday and it was properly packages with all the equipments inside it. Let us see the pros and cons of this device:- Pros:- 1) Excellent touch. 2) Fast phone. 3) At first it might be difficult to understand the features but once you do it, you are the boss. 4) Battery back up is fine. Runs for 1 day on moderate use. Better than android in touch handling according to me. 5) Has voice recognition feature. Say and the phone does it right for u. 6) Speaker is quite loud. Voice is quite easily hearable with no problem at all. 7) Good applications on store. Less games but QUALITY games are there in this phone. (temple run 2, subway surfers, asphalt 3) 8) Many other applications are there to brighten up your day. 9) The look of the phone is classy. What more could you expect ? 10) I was NEVER a Nokia lover but yes after this phone, i must say Nokia has come up with a bang. Please work on this market you guys have a lot of potential. 11) Charging time is also fast. takes 1-1.5 hours max to charge up 100%. Cons:- 1) Camera quality - terrible. Works fine in light conditions. 2) Less applications than android. Excellent phone at a very less price. I was an iPhone user previously but i must say, the touch of this phone is at par with the iPhone 4 or 4s.
Phone is simply immense in terms of features. Get it on 12/06/2014. Updated it to 8.1, all basic issues like Notification centre, file manager, etc, got dealt with. Didn’t lag or hang even once. Battery is not bad as the other reviews said (Tip: use power saving to restrict background processing, use 2G if not using 3G internet) So far I’ve notice Dungeon Hunter 4, Asphalt 8 both are much detailed & awesome to play in comparison of 520, ‘coz of 1024mb ram obviously. Conclusion: Best in class OS due to no bugs or confusion to choose from various app as in Google play store. Go for it, if you try to get into it, you won’t regret it.
The best Phone is low price. also after Wp8.1 as developer it has unlocked many limitations. It doesn't lags like a Android Phone.
I received my order in just 2 days. The product was excellently packed and i can't note even a single problem in my nokia lumia 525. For beginners i don't suggest lumia because it is very hard to get used to its methods. Once you get used to it you will not suggest anyone anyother product than lumia 525. REMEMBER If you don't have a COMPUTER please don't buy it. Pros: Large battery backup. When comparing with samsung galaxy s duos 2 it have almost twice backup eventhough lumia is equipped with 1430mah battery. I receive a backup of almost 1 and a half day in my standard use and i also receive almost 6 hrs backup while playing high end games like temple run 2, angry birds etc. Neat display: Lumia 525 is equipped with 4" IPS display which overthrows any competitor in it's segment. 4" TFT capactive screen of S Duos is more battery consuming and less efficient when compared with lumia 525. You can easily operate lumia even while wearing glouses. The light sensor in lumia is very efficient and helps to save battery life. Audio Quality: The sound is quality is very good which equals any phones in its range. Apps: No need of many unneccecery apps for tasks killing and saving RAM. windows phone 8.0 is preloaded with restricting background apps itself. Many Softwares comes preloaded in the phone itself which comes very handy. Perfomance: The nokia lumia 525 has qualcomm snapdragon dualcore processor which is the best in it's class. The perfomance become unmatched when it comes with 1gb ram. Camera: Nokia lumia has 5MP camera same as samsung galaxy s duos 2. It can transform into a professional camera with the help of certain apps like camera360 and nokia smartcam.. CONS: No led flash light. No secondary camera although it's competitor S duos is equipped with secondary camera and LED flash light. The phone get heated quickly as it is has dualcore processor. Does not comes with dual sim card slot and also requires micro sim. Music player does not comes with equalizer or volume control. Can ADD RINGTONES only with the help of a computer. Has no filemanager to manage your files(But you can download many from the app store) IT STILL RUNS under Windows Phone 8.0.
A Nice and Valued Phone for Android Haters :P Jus kidding. A Nice Entry Level smartphone which is an alternate to Android. Nice Build and Well Optimized S/W. A Good Buy.
lumia 525 is budget phone with lots of new features, camera with 5mega pixels is very good, quality of this phone is awesome, also windows apps are good should not ever buy SASMSUNG
I've been using this device from the past 4 weeks and not even one lag from then, I played some games and they are pretty smooth... Even Temple Run 2 is far more better when compared to androids at that range. All apps and internet surfing is fluid and freaking fast, you won't even notice any lag. As for the android apps, I think you don't need all those bulky and various apps, while windows store provides almost all useful (only useful) apps for daily life. Its nearly as fast as my android Canvas HD, but the major drawback I had is, this mobile doesn't have a good video player and it doesn't play flv videos, so we have to convert them and copy. As for the .avi files, they get converted automatically if you're using windows OS on your PC or laptop, it doesn't convert if you're using Ubuntu... Nokia Mix Radio is nice, downloads cover arts by itself and subscription goes to an end after some months. Moreover, its worth the money. And Flipkart delivered this 3 days after the order was made. Now, about the earphones, this Nokia product now supports earphones which suit samsung and you can buy earphones which are specific to samsungs and highend phones. *** Its better than lumia 630 and 625 in some ways I found out, do a little research and you'll find out... The main is that those all have a same resolution but the screen size varies along with the pixel density. The more pixel density is with this 525 and its better than 625 in its crisp display. But the fact about 625 is that it has 60Hz screen refresh rate which is generally used for high-end displays... Coming to the heating issue of the mobile, c'mon guys which mobile doesn't heat up while you're squeezing it max even while charging... BTW this mobile only heats when it is charging along with data connection on and you're on some multiple apps... This happened only sometimes. Its battery life is brilliant, and amazing then some android phones, this one charges faster than my canvas hd and even lasts the same time. Battery is the best thing here, by using data connection 24 hours, the phone lasts one day and while on optimum usage and calls, it lasts more than 2 days but who will leave a smart phone without doing anything. I'm just waiting for Windows 8.1 to get its consumer version other than developer one right now. As the screen is scratch resistant, literally we don't need to use a scratch guard.. Its an amazing product... JUST GO FOR IT................... *Update: Got Windows 8.1 Cyan and waiting for Denim or 10 what ever comes first Cyan is blazzing fast and the Cortana, amazing than the google now and siri, BTW cortana is still in alpha stage for India but it performs way more better than Google now and SIRI. Not at all hangs and good for daily usage...
good build quality with great software.. if need a handy and durable phone just go for it.. nothing can go after windows
Earlier, i had purchased Nokia 520, and found good experience with Windows OS 8 and Good Hardware from nokia. Pros: 1. Phone User interface is lightning fast , shame on budget android < Rs 15000, except for Moto G & Moto E. 2. Windows User interface is user to use, but learning curve attached to it. 3. 1 GB ram makes difference in opening of Apps, and kind of future proof for future OS updates. 4. Camera despite being 5MP, is amazingly good and of-course with very good SW lenses. 5.Good alternative to Droids, (especially avoiding desi brands) Cons: 1. Upgrade from Nokia 520 to 525, shouldn't be just ram, maybe even battery. 2. Runs easily for 24Hrs with moderate usage, but should have been more. It would be killer selling point. 3. No Geniune File manager in windows. :( 4. Current Windows phone 8.0 has few limitations, which are to ironed out by next Windows phone 8.1 being launched on June 24. 2014. Overall: Very good buy, if you appreciate quality(SW & HW) over hardware gimmicks like processors, specs etc.
I have been using this phone for over a month now and i bought it at Rs.9048 from flipkart. I am satisfied with the product as I researched a lot before buying it. Definitely better than Lumia 520. pros: >1 gb ram, so u can run almost any thing on it without glitches. >build quality is ok as per nokia standards. I accidentally dropped the phone a few times on hard ground from a height of about 4 feet, even then everything was intact apart from a little deformation of back panel which is ok, atleast the screen didn,t crack >graphics and processor performance are satisfactory >camera is good , afterall its nokia >charger charges the phone in around 30 minutes from 0% to 100% >battery backup is okay >design of the phone is minimalistic it looks nice, build is not too cheap >dedicated camera key, half press for focus cons: >no flash >performance doesn't feel like 1 gigahertz dualcore >it gets heated up a lot at the back near the camera on heavy usage, processor is placed there so understandable but could have been improved >windows 8 which is not as intuitive as android >NO FILE MANAGER, you can't check whats in your memory card >cannot install apps on sd card, although phone memory available for apps is 5 gb, so u can manage
I bought this phone for my mom as a birthday present and she is absolutely in love with it. I myself is an android phone user. But trust me guys windows 8 phones are super cool especially nokia lumia series. Have been using this phone for 3 months now and there have been no lagging issues like that with my android phones. There are many who think that windows apps are too costly. But there are plenty of free apps available which my mom found pretty useful. Buy lumia 525 and you wont regret. (Its better than lumia 520 may b even 720 since itz ram is 1gb)
the product is excellent....flipkart made great delivery well before time that's so amazing abt them..it is good to use its very different to use than android.,..suits for professional life. I just luv this product
Its excellent phone under 10K budget. Except for the Windows OS the phone is excellent, since its bit complicated to use for Android users. I brought this phone for Rps 8550. Touchscreen & camera clarity is really good. Would recommend this phone if you really like Nokia & Windows OS.
I am using this phone from last 7 days... believe me this is an amazing phone... this is the only phone in the market at this price point which i love... no problem with anything.... gaming experience is awesome camera is wonderful didnt expected that phone at this price can have such a mind blowing camera.... Don't believe the people saying that windows phone os is faltu believe me its an awesome os with very smooth interface... 100% better than android.... and many people say there are very less apps on market for wp but believe me there are almost all apps present which we use on daily basis... n the update wp8.1 is coming for this phone in some months and it has dedicated swipe down notification centre and parallax effect... so enjoy the all new experience..... and the new guy cortana (Digital talking personal assistant) will help you in everything.... so if you have 10k then go for it n yes flipkart service rocks.... good packaging good delivery... :)
I bought this phone last week . On the very next day, i found that the volume button is not working(I HAD TO RESTART THE PHONE). Add to the injury,interface is not pleasing. I'm having hard time to find apps for this phone. You cant just forward the song by a touch as you do in Samsung or Sony. Rather.you must keep pressing the forward button to do. Annoying. However,screen is good and works smoothly.
It was a great service that converted my purchase to a gift. I ordered the Lumia 525 for my wife and it was delivered with prompt service and it become a valentine gift for my wife just before 14th february. The phone was boxed and it was new no complaints. It was a wonderful experience with flipkart
Just try a windows phone....its simply awesome ....and lightning speed and amazing transition effects .....just go for it ....believe me you would never regret your decision ....And flipkart you are just incredibly awesome..:) you delivered the phone within 18 hours ...what a service boss ..Hats off....
Its just lumia 520 with 1gb of ram(lumia 520 has 512mb of ram)why pay extra 2k for that??Nokia lumia 520 also supports awesome games like asphalt 8 etc? so by getting 1gb of ram it lets you play games like nova 3...nokia lumia 525 also gives about 6gb user available internal memory and nova 3 is like 4gb and nokia doesnt allow you to install apps on ur micro sd card...Micro sd card is purely for photo,Music etc.. Id say go for nokia lumia 520 which is around Rs.7250 on flipkart rather than 525 which is around Rs9500..hope this review helps and i also have purchased a 520
IT IS A EXCELLENT PHONE AND I SAY THAT YOU SHOULD BUY IT AND THEY ARE SELLING AT VERY LOW PRICE SO DON'T MISS THIS PHONE
Excellent One in lowest budget with Good Configuration! This mobile never face any hanging issues. Supporting lots of apps and also games.
Best phone in this range. superb touch, camera apps and UI. There are enough quality apps in windows such as Nokia cam, photosynth, Here maps, Here drive. Do not pay attention towards rumours about phone such as video cannot be share via bluetooth and all that.
it is a pleasure to rite this review, really it's a great phone...i loved all the way...great pic clarity, sounds are good , battery is standing for more than a day
The packing was too good and delivered on time. The seller service was really good. First time i am using Nokia Lumia series it is very user friendly and for playing games this stuff is really a good one. For music lovers you can down load lot of songs from Nokia mix radio
I bought Lumia 525 before a week.., I am having an amazing experience operating the phone, its really smooth and scary fast. The features and pre installed applications are very helpful., totally satisfied with the phone and the people who are looking for a windows phone for 10,000 with 1GB RAM, i would suggest to go for lumia 525 THANK YOU
Good phone from windows.. new to windows difficult to understand the setups. now its fine... Camera is good, Games running fine, apps from nokia Negative: No flash
I was waiting for long for some discount on lumia 525 and found that on JAN 26 on flipkart. Except for the 5 MP camera which is not convincing for night shooting rest everything is as desired. Gaming experience is really good. If you do not turn on wifi battery back up is fine. With windows 8 ease of use is better. Music clarity is good. Headphones are pathetic definitely need to buy other headset. For 10k this is the best in its range.
Nice phone, 1GB RAM makes your life easier. One of the best in low cost smart phones. There are few cons when compared to Android, still a good one to buy at Rs. 10,000/-
I am die hard fan of NOKIA and i strongly recommend people to go for LUMIA 525 rather than android phone. And i got mobile in just Rs. 8899 when same piece is available at nokia site at Rs. 10499 Why to go for Lumia 525? Answer: 1. Superb battery 2. 1 gb super fast ram 3. awesome camera 4. Nokia Flagship product only onething missing - secondary camera.
1GB Ram in Lumia 525 allow me to run more applications and the processor is also fast. I am satisfied with the product.
I love this phone. I have used Motorola Defy and Xolo Play before. Both were 12k+ and this is 9.5k+. Both my android phones were slow. It took time to call someone, to open up messaging etc. Windows Phone 8 is brilliant. It is very smooth. Pro Fast Cost Office Con No direct wifi toggle button I hope Win Phone 8 gains traction and launches phones with 1080p/2160p, 4 GB Ram.
excellent phone,great touch and 5mp camera is very good. all apps and games runs smoothly in the phone. I am using this 1 week and believe me its a great phone. flipcart services are very good, it deliver very very fast and safely.
I am a huge fan of LUMIA 920 mobile. As i was very happy with the performance of LUMIA seires i bought LUMIA 525 recently as it is affordable ligh weight smarter in many ways. But after using it for 2 day i realised that i got decived for purchacing this model. best points : touch sensitivity.. its awsome..! Although i am a fan of apple products i am loving Lumia touch sense a lot. Nokia music store : u will love it. U will be proud for sure being a part of nokia, I can assure that. cons : - hanging (specially with email accounts) - battery back up (Might be the piece i got is defective- only upto 2- 3 hours) -camera without flash, not great. I have videos supporting my everystatement.
Its been more than a month i started used Nokia Lumia 525, My phone gets heated up and battery drains very fast , not even 4 hrs. Now i am really worried about safety.
Listen Up! I'm not gonna copy paste the specs here and no blabbering about the goodies in the piece either. Others have already done that. Pointing out the shortcomings- - No flash camera. The camera in itself is good for a 5 mpx. Carle zeiss optics (Comparable to many of Samsung's 8 mpx's) But lack of flash makes indoor samples grainy and dull and at night too. - Dual core processor is good enough but processing speed should've been more.( remember iPhone used singles core's till recently. No. of cores doesn't matter) -Gaming is average but few games like Asphalt 8 are good. -Non HD screen. Overall at this price point almost all are offering the same or less specs. Not considering cheap Indian companies. And at 10K plus features this is one of the best phones for entry-level users if you're not a camera enthusiast.. _NJ_
windows os limitations are totally irritating for those who switched from android to windows like me... 1. windows doesn't play .mkv .mov .flv files but purchasing of moliplayer will make it feel better. 2. file explorer is unavailable for windows and those u download from store has restrictions implimented by windows for better wait for windows phone 8.1 to make it more feasable. by the way overall performance is quite impressive. i m using heavily this phone since last 10 days but it never hang ... infact some time slow down.
I have buyed this phone on the next day of it's release but on the day onwards phone was heating up fast.i thought this will be for only 1 week but it's continued if I talk on phone for atleast 15 mins it's heat up like anything. Once I kept in fridge to decrease it heat and use it again. so please dont buy this phone.
Firstly,for those who criticize Nokia: When a new product is launched,it is launched in such a way that it does not cannibalize the similar offerings by the same manufacturer.For those who feel that the 512 mb extra RAM is not worth 2K extra,don't buy.Here people are showing sheer ignorance.People want powerful & upgraded devices at the rate of similar low spec offering which means people want the manufacturers to bear the loss,which no manufacturer will ever want to do. Secondly,for those who criticise flipkart: If you feel Flipkart is overcharging,don't buy from Flipkart.Buy from elsewhere where you find the same device for lesser price.Nobody is forcing people to buy this device exclusively from Flipkart.I know of a reputed seller who is selling the same device for 10,199.Will the same people say that Nokia store is overcharging & sucks?? IT IS EASY TO CRITICIZE SOMEONE EASILY THAN GETTING DOWN TO ANALYSE THE LOGIC BEHIND A MOVE.
Please do not buy windows phone if you are used to android. So many features are not there. For example, 1. Videos you shoot are between 30 MB to 80MB, which you cannot send through whatsapp/or any other communication – ridiculous 2. There is not blink if you receive any msg/call/mail 3. You cannot make u r songs as ringtones 4. Facebook doesn’t work properly 5. You cannot upload saved pics in facebook 6. You cannot have u r own wallpaper on the home screen Above features might sound silly, but there the simple thing swhich a common person wants today. I was a nokia fan one time.. not anymore. So think before u buy this phone…
Nokia Lumia 525 has a very good battery life and a good hardware system for which I consider it to be a very durable handset. It is also a sturdy phone with a hard polycarbonate back cover in bright shiny colour and a big 5 inches screen in the front makes for a very good display. It has been filled with a number of amazing apps those are supported by a dual core processing system and 1GB RAM. Because of these two all the apps on the handset function smoothly and properly. It has a 5MP camera along with Nokia Smart Cam and other interesting tools for editing the images that I click with it.
I was very pleased to learn that the Nokia Lumia 525 which I own presently has very good features and a commendable battery back up. When I saw it I found it very well designed as well. Ofcourse it’s bright and vibrant colours make it noticeable enough to attract attentions and besides the 4” IPS LCD screen is no less as well. And the colourful covers are also changeable so I do not have stick to one colour for too long. Even the pictures that I take with it’s 5MP camera can be added to the phone’s credentials. The resulting pictures are very well defined and clear. The Nokia Smart Cam lets me adjust the resolutions before I click the images so that I can get the desired picture. There are several editing options as well which I can use to my convenience like the Glam Me app or the Creative Studio alongside the Nokia Smart Cam. I can perform some of the most difficult editing tasks by using these apps with great ease. It’s amazing how simply such effects can be given to an image which would otherwise take longer. Amongst other applications I like the Nokia HERE Maps which helps me with the directions. It gives me accurate and updated information of all the streets and turn by turn directions so that I don’t get confused. The MS Office apps are also of good benefits. Whether it is about creating a new document or editing a prepared on or even preparing a presentation, the MS Office app has been programmed to take care of all. And the MS One Drive has provided a 7GB storage so that I can keep my documents safely. It acts as a back up for all my documents and I can fetch these documents from the One Drive storage when I need them. The 1430mAh battery also helps me to keep using my phone for longer tan usual by having it charged only once a day. Go For It...
Phone is good. Interface, camera, apps everything Is fine. But what use of features if you cant hold your phone for more then 10 minutes ? This phone gets heated up in doing anything. I reported it to nokia but they said that hardware cause it to heat and its common. But then why other phones Like samsung s4 and iphone 5s etc heat in 10 minutes. Trust me its not normal. The heating is around The camera region and it gets very uncomfortable to Use specially when you are using Whatsapp. Heating is when you use 3g, maps, camera, any 3rd party app. You can see nokia discussion forum. Many users notice it. I think after seeing 5 star rating on flipkart that people who Byed It from here run it on 2g with back case. Thats why they dont notice that annoying heating. Otherwise the phone is nice. if you are the person who gets annoyed by a single scratch on your television or mobile screen then dont buy this Phone. it will irritate ysame way through heating. Nokia and microsoft need to find a fix as all lumia phone heats up. I sold my 525 for 6k and buyed htc Desire u ds. Satisfied nw.
THE IS A GOOD PHONE PHONE BUT ITS NOT THAT MUCH OF AN OVER THE LUMIA 520. MOST OF THE FEATURES ARE SAME.......EXCEPT FOR THE RAM BUT THEN IT WUD HAVE BEEN MUCH BETTER IF AT A LITTLE MORE COST A FLASH AND A DUAL CAMERA COULD BE ADDED.....
Gifted this to my wife. Size is just about perfect for a lady. Also my kid uses it for playing games so my Lumia 720 is now safe. Very good handset and enhanced RAM which really helps.
Gonna rate this product 1 cuz it's the least I bought this phone on 3rd april 2014 and got the delivery on 5th april 2014 till 1st may it was good but on night of 1st may mistakenly it got dropped from almost half feet from my hand and got a big scratch from the sensors tilted scratch and it was in the 30 days replacement guarantee which was completing on 5th of may so i called on flipkart tollfree no.at morning 9 am they said that it's a common problem and i'll get a call from their technical department in 24 hours so i waited no reply not even till 7 april there was no call everyday i called them asked for the call from their tech department and asked r u going to call me after 5th may so they replied tht it was their mistake cuz there was no call from their t-d after that i called on 7th may today they said this is physical damage it will nt cover in the warranty i said tht u have nt written in ur details page tht physical damage will nt cover in 30 days guarantee and said if u click on tht 30 days replacement guarantee offer then u will get tht which issuse nt covered in this guarantee now which bullshit guy do knows this thing he only checks whether it has tht guarantee or nt and the reviews i also done the same thing now he transferred my call to his senior tht senior told me tht their td has call me on 4th of may on 5:40 when i was home wtf and also i have given them my alternative no. they havn't called on tht day cuz yesterday won 6th may when i called tht guy requested me have trust on him tht their td will call me tomorrow for sure tht means he doesn't even know tht they have called me on 4th may this is flipkart service the phone is really good dnt have any complaint for tht bt dnt but it online !!!!!
The device is same as Lumia 520 and yeah there is no special performance with the 1gig RAM.I know its an entry level phone.But its better to grab 520 than this one.You are not getting anything special on this except lot of SW bugs!Lumia lovers,here is what i have faced with Lumia devices. 1.files are getting duplicated automatically(mp3's and picture files). 2.Ringtones are not making sound anymore.Strange but these are two well known issues. Pros:1.Good entry level choice with all the WP tiles effect. Cons:1.Lot of SW bugs 2.Tweaks needed. 3.Nuthug new except 1 gig RAM from Lumia 520...yeah its of no use.
The phone is good but the one which i have got had problem of camera key whenever i clicked photo using camera key it was getting stucked and photos were clicked continuously so i called flipkart for returning but there was no reply from them so i have decided to go to nokia care centre who resolved my problem very bad customer care expirience
This phone is good as compared to high priced phone. Its windows 8. Pro's Nice look, Speed of operation Cool apps although limited Ease of handling Good Video quality. Con's Cant delete temporary memory completely Cant share songs, videos from device to other apps like whatsapp Not all windows apps are available for this device Not good camera against expectations although it is 5 MP. Require to add ringtones explicitly from PC or laptop or else use those provided with device. Not so good sound quality either. Single sim device.
Buying this phone for only 512 MB more Ram?? Nope... Invest 10k in this or may be save some more and get Xperia M or L (if Android ) or Lumia 720( 14-15k ) is much better than Lumia 525 They have more features like NFC(not much use currently),Front Camera 720 does not have 1 GB ram but has Clear Black,NFC,Dolby Enhancement, decent camera ................... 512 MB more means support for games/Apps that earlier required 1GB. Apps and Games Loading Faster,but the Graphics or any lags in Games(noticed rarely) will continue to occur.... The chipset is the same if Nokia wanted this to be a bestseller should have added VGA front Camera atleast for skype calls and to sweeten the deal Clear Black to make the screen readable under Sunlight.... :P WS Retails priced it around Rs 9470 and now it has gone up again .. The phone Priced at around Rs 9000(max)(I know its a bit high) is worth considering given the freebies from gameloft(works on Select Providers only eg Airtel..) But at its current price the phone really does not have much to offer... As for gamil,chrome,youtube well it may be a while before we get them on windows..... @Arka Das Both have Adreno 305 but performance may vary as in Moto G its been coupled with a Quadcore S400,On paper Moto G seems to be much better than 525 with Front Cam,flash,Gorilla Glass,high ppi screen it has limited storage and may be priced at around 14k-15k...... All people looking for windows wait up for 630/635 or moneypenny (may come out by Feb end :( )
I bought this phone from local nokia priority....the phone is good....but while starting the temple run2 game... menu and play icons are not visible correctly (i.e play and main screen) .ofter doing visual quality settings in temple run 2 game settings it can be fine ....but ofter restarting the game ...problem remaining same ....pls help me ..any one getting this problem and what is solution.
Its excellent mobile, I got it from local market at price tag of 9900/ (Available more less if you don't have color choice) . Camera is good, but missing FLASH for night :( . Battery is fine. App - All the needed apps & Games are available. I installed lots of apps, no issue. Nokia music - Excellent Window 8 - WOW Design & Look - simply great All in one a great product from NOKIA.
guys..this is an ultimate phone for those people who are on a tight budget. there are all the apps one needs... ppl who buy phone for subway surfers...yes..it is available here... black update is ultimate...nothings lacking in this phone except the front camera and flash..but u can use skype using rear camera. ppl seeking for youtube apps should know that microsoft is lanching xbox videos for its users...which will be but obviously better than youtube... so go for it guys..who will use windows once will never look back for any other device...once u came know all the features..
Guys a must have phone... Purchased this phone on 10th Jan from Nokia priority store Ludhiana Punjab @ Rs.9550=00... Awesome price and great performance... Ppl who r bored of android and its sluggishness... Must try dis.. Windows phone rocks.. I have no idea wat flipcart is upto with the price tag of Rs.10499=00
Nokia Lumia 525: best phone in it's clas... with fast processor & 1 gb RAM in 10k range is just AWESOMEEE!!! as usual nokia at it's BEST..........jst go for it
Please do not buy this phone. I just wasted my money. It doesn’t have some basic funtions avaiable easily. 1) No browser avaialbe in the windows market which allow you to log into firewall ... very surprising but true!! 2) This phone can not be put on ringer mode!!! It has only two options ringer+vibrate OR vibrate. If you choose to put phone on slient mode, you have to take longer way to do that. 3) No shortcuts available. For each and every fucntion (GPS, Bluetooth, mobile internet, wifi, etc) you have to go to settings and waste your time to turn on and turn off that function. There are lot of CONS ... I am not writting everything. But I just wasted my money.
As far Flipkart service - delivery on time and product packing and condition is excellent - 5 star. How ever after using NOKIA Lumia 525 for nearly 2 months. I strongly recommend to users; who understand meaning user interface and organized features in mobile phone. NOT BUY Windows is one of best operating systems for computers and laptops, but for mobile it is just crap. "ZERO" so to conclude any Nokia Lumia (Windows phone) = Getting more headache Nokia Asha platform (example Nokia asha 501) = Money Saving and I am sure you will love nokia asha.
This is my first smart phone so cannot compare it with android but as far as look and feel is considered it is quite satisfactory. would recommend MOTO E instead far more better than nokia lumia 525. Worst part no whats app. On Official web site they say what app will be back don't know when.
All the feature of this cell is perfectly but only one problem is there that was the flash light is not in the camera........
IN PRICE BOTH NOKIA 525 AND SAMSUNG S2 DUOS MAY BE SAME BUT IN PERFORMANCE NOKIA IS FAR FAR BETTER.HARDWARE AND BATTERY OF NOKIA HAS ALWAYS REMAINED TRUSTED AND FULFILL THE ASPIRATION OF THE BYERS.
I bought this phone from a near retailer. A fantastic phone. Lot of apps are available in the market. Quality apps. You get around 2000/- rs free games(from Game loft-which are made free by Nokia until early march). Good- *Reception is super fine. good call quality *Nice windows phone UI experience *Great chip-set for 10,000 Rs. 1 GB Ram, 1.0GHz Dual core, Adreno 305 GPU. *Great 720p video Recording with continuous auto-focus and exposure. *Overall Design of the Phone. *Music quality is nice. Bad- *Battery back-up is average. I wouldn't say its the worst. Because i get around more than 30 hrs on the phone with a single 100% recharge (, good thing is that, it takes only a short time to get fully recharged). *Camera is not that good. macro shots are fine, but infinity shots captures less details compared to old Nokia X6 (landscapes etc). Ugly- *Windows phone doesn't support USB mass storage mode. You can not copy music files onto the phone or memory card using popular drag and drop style ( of-course you can copy, but won't show on your music player). You need to sync music using some player. I am using Ubuntu as my desktop operating system and this is a big disadvantage for me.(Windows phone only support MTP now). *You can not manually select 3G or 2G. This is a another big disadvantage for me, because 2G signal strength is greater than 3G in my area, thus phone only works in 2G on automatic mode provided by Nokia, and my internet browsing and downloading apps is kind of a hectic task. Verdict- Actually i love this phone. great phone for 10,000 RS. Both of the UGLY issues can be solved by software update. I wish Nokia release it very soon. Windows OS is pretty great.I like it more than Android-kitkat.
after big hit od nokia 520 , this is flop product from nokia by just increasong 512 mb ram price is 10k ...... not worth it just wait for normandy.........
just for 512 MB we have to pay 2000rs...waste of money...if it is dual sim then it is good one... Nokia 525 is costly compare to 520
I read it in the reviews that this product doesn't support google Apps like Gmail etc...Any idea whether it's true and if so I am just wondering what Nokia ppl must be thinking when they disabled this function.... Come on yaar, I wanted this phone badly but won't go for it unless it supports all apps, especially google.
You should buy this phone for awesome following features 1. super fast 2. awesomely handy 3. fantastic camera
extra ordinary phone at such low cost..... smooth touch . extra ordinary display . 1 gb ram is soo good which speed the phone working
I got this for my father, but now i see him really struggling with the interface lumia offers, even as he is pretty comfortable with samsung phones.
I am using this phone since 4 months.I notices that the phone is easy to use and good user interface but lacks the long battery life.While using the multimedia the phone hardly sustains itself for a day.I would recommend Lumia 535 who are in search of best windows phone under 10k
this lumia 525 is successor of lumia 520. PROs: crisp display 1 gb ram due to this no lag fits on my hand easily upgradable to win 8.1 CONs: beaware the gameloft games are not available on this phone very annoying
Its worthy buying it for such a low price, Amazing cam. When taken with Nokia Camera App its simply superb.
Hi friends, I brought this phone from local mobile showroom and it is an awesome experience to use a 4n like this.I am using it since 7 months.And i didn't found any trouble uptill now. Good battery life,almost you can install all imp apps like whatsapp,facebook,files,etc. With 1 gb of ram and 1mhz dual core processor, you can have a good gaming experience.you can install all high graphic games like temple run 2,subway surffers,asphalt 8,etc.The main advantage of having a windows phone is there are no leads or lags while operating. Camera is too good specially in daylight. So guys its worth of buying.
i have been using the phone for more than 6 months. ya i didnt buy it from flipkart ...... but still am righting a review... its a super quality phone under 10K....it hasnt laged a bit fry a single time since now. anyone searching for a windows phone or a high end and best quality phone under 10K then go for it without thinking a bit. ya but microsoft now please release the denim update for this monster phone..... then i wld give a 5 star.......
Good *Superb camera *Superb battery *Good net speed *Buttery smooth processing *Superb Touch *Good look Bad *Audio Quality is not very good but its OK OK. *Same features you can get in Lumia 520.
very good phone, all thing good expect one thing that there is no equalizer in phone and it is very disappointing to music lover
The phone is very good except one big flaw. Battery is very BAD. If you switch on 3G or WIFI, it drains downs too fast. Make sure you check battery performance before you buy this. Apart from this flaw, everything else is perfect.
it is better to buy 520, because all the features are same only the difference is processor but I am not feel much difference in performance between 520 and 525
Purchased for 8.9K. Suddenly Microsoft launced new mobile for 9.1 with lot of additional features. Lack of LED Flash
Good Gaming mobile, Best ever operation systems. Surely not for all. Good touch, good camera, good battery, good display resolution, good software management, best in this price range.. Thank You.
I have been using it since last 5 months.. Flipkart (WS Retail) gave me at the lowest price .. outside it was priced at 9500 to 10k but i got it at 8.5k The rubberized black back and sharp corners give it an amazing premium look an feel. I must say the build quality is best for a phone below 10k. Amazing camera quality. The 5MP cam has an ability of manual focussing for macro photography,shutter speed control for veiling effects. Although it doesnt have a flash. It can take great low light pictures thanks to its amazing post processing. I am currently on Lumia Cyan though i got stock Lumia Black at first. The Windows Phone 8.1 adds many conveniences that WP lacked compared to Android. But its 5 months now..and so far i havent faced any stuttering or lag at all! It feels as smooth as an Iphone! Incredible touch response as well. Sometimes u can even hover ur fingers close enough to make it work! Wish it had Flash and Front cam though...Nevertheless.. Im very satisfied with this phone. UPDATE : Its now a year i completed using the handset . It still feels like i bought it yesterday. I never felt so satisfied using any other handset,this being my 6th one. It got the Lumia Denim update like breeze and now it is running on Windows 10 TP Build 10052 (2nd Build). Amazingly smooth and fresh new look and feel. THIS PHONE NEVER GETS OLD
Alright, I personally am in love with the UI that WP8.1 has.., it is probably the simplest and cleanest interface, the design is impeccable. However if you want to buy a Windows phone, I suggest going for the530, 730 or maybe even 625 as the 1gig ram is really not necessary with the screen size and capabilities. Also the battery life is pathetic after 1.5months of usage, it is really starting to get annoying. Please do not buy phones with the batteries of this range, it will spoil your whole experience.
I have bought that hand set from FLIPKART , i think i used it from last 6 months its touch is too smooth and if v talk abt camera even flash is not there but camera quality is too good as it has 1 gb ram that makes is too fast .
Nice product from Nokia; as expected; No fault to find so far in usage... Battery life is satisfactory.. Pretty good performance..... Can do a bit more with the OS though..... Can DEFENETLY handle Rough usage....... So I am Happy :D
very good phone with very long battery life and good apps thank u flipkart if u buy this u will be forgot android
i have used nokia lumia 525 only for 2 months but i have attracted by this mobile this one step up of the iphone which cost rs.22,400 pls utilise it it have been a stopped model pls retrieve it
People must note that, if you want to enhance your device with system apps which are not available in your device download app "Sysapp Pusher" or "Lumia updater" and install them like: Nokia Pro Camera app, Dolby Surround Enhancement, etc. and enable them from settings. U can also obtain the system app's beta & official updates before their official release. Thank You for giving attention..
I am using this phone for last10 months. Before getting everyone stopped me from buying windows phone. But I purchased as I lost my sony experia after using it for 2 months and I was happy loosing it as the performance of sony was poorest of poor. Pros : 1. Windows phone uses lesser space than android hence faster. 2. Windows phone uses lesser battery than android hence lasts long. 3. Front glass and body is good. I dropped it many times from 5 ft height but intact now. 4. Camera.... just awesome without flash even...the best. 5. Screen resolution...awesome 6. Touch.....the best faster than fast. 7. Sound is just woow. 8. Download speed very fast with 1 GB RAM and dual core. 9. Transfer of data, connecting to wi-fi, sharing net with PC awesome. 10. Windows 8 very smooth and looks different than other. 11. Office 365 for windows phone the best for outlook configuration and mails are very fast and real time. Cons: 1. No flash (but not required actually as camera is so good captures good pics even in dark) 2. 1430 mAH battery. Needs more powerful at least even 1900mAH. 3. If slimmer will be better. 4. Sending songs and videos is a difficulty. In budget you can purchase easily with blind eye.
I have been using this phone since 4 months and I must say it is perhaps the best phone in its class! I bought this phone so that I could challenge myself with a different OS and features but now I have realised that buying an android would be challenging!! The performance of this phone is buttery smooth no other phone can match its performance with the same specification, it just does not hang and even if you have a faulty app by just pressing the windows button any app gets minimized within a fraction of a second and can be then terminated. Although yes the apps are not in many numbers as android but the windows phone store has almost all the major apps and is developing at a fast rate. Even after having 6 games or apps open it plays a 1080p HD video without any lag, completely seamless!! The 5MP camera I must say is just perfect in its class morever it allows 720p HD video recording which is very very commendable!! The only cons are because of its OS which limits some feature however having just the right apps like the Pocket File Manager, Adobe reader, etc make it a phone worth a penny spent. The battery life is decent and works quite well compared to Samsung. Offline navigation is just tooooo good it knows just everything!! Just have the GPS on and viola! seamless navigation effortlessly!! The biggest advantage is its performance 1 GB RAM is a lot for a windows phone doesn't matter if its 1GHz dual core. The touch is very good and it even has an option of touch sensitivity, with high sensitivity the phone can even be accessed with most type of gloves. Its integrated voice command is quite effective and easily understands the words you speak even Indian names!! Moreover if you upgrade your phone to windows 8.1 I must say all that I say will get doublefold resulting in a very very good smart phone. And lets not forget its a Nokia phone it is very very durable and will never give you a chance of complaining about it. So just go ahead and buy it you would be proud to own the most personal smartphone in he world!! Much much better than the android laggards!!
nokia lumia 525 is superfast and there is no stuck like android phones .great phone supports latest games
simply great. i was connected with ease to the concerned departments without having to wait unnecessarily. finally, the girl who sold the product was pleasing and gave a discount too. flipkart will surely henceforth be one of my first online stores. great going.:)
the 1 gb ram is awesome you can play approx 1.3 GB game (like asphalt 8, fifa 14, fifa 15) and chat on whatsapp by minimizing it simultaneously. scratch resistant glass is the best thing. i have used this phone for 6 months n still using it. another thing is that you can extend the warranty for one more years by just paying rupees. 525. very fast phone.
I was forced to replace my Nokia C5-03 because it was damaged accidentally, beyond repair. totally non-tech person but still putting in my two rupee worth of feedback. my requirements were reasonable camera but good enough to scan documents...a must for me. front camera preferred, for video conference but not selfie. MS office and pdf reader. no need for facebook or whatsapp and what not options were either sony xperia z compact (34K) / HTC one / Lumia 725 (16k) or this. bad... 1. too wide for my small hands, even wider with my cubix case 2. options like flight mode and bluetooth should be pinnable on home screen it may be too much to ask but a even poor front camera would have been good. 3. i miss my personalised ringtones from older models. i had favourite songs assigned to individuals. here i am stuck with nokia's list 4. my midi and wmv files wont play. some favourite musics gone 5. cant browse media files from different folder. what's the big idea? this phone is like a small computer but no file browsing allowed ? BIG IRONY. HATE IT. 6. 8 GB in built storage is a nothing great coz the phone itself needs almost 6gb to operate 7. there should be left and right and up and down arrows to browse through typed text. here you either select the whole word or number or nothing. imagine the irritation of retyping "acquiescence" just because you missed the "s" in the middle at first go. 8. awful camera but "handyscan" apps solves all problem regarding document scanning. i have to depend on others for photos in get togethers. I guess you cannot get a good camera in this budget and even if you do you'll have to compromise otherwise good 1. fast 2. user-friendly...i guess. WP update gave some good features. 3. typing is quite ok. this is my first qwerty touch screen so i wont know the difference 4. it supports AutoCAD...but not for regular use. only in emergencies. 5. I guess it's true what they say, best business phone in this budget. Lumia 630 is sleek but slower coz of less ram.
Apart from NFC, compass and front camera, this phone has everything! And wp8.1 is the best OS out there, so this is a worderful hw/sw combo.
a good phone of nokia .. works really fine ... it is like a heavy duty use .. but the size is small ,, but it is cost efficient ... i recommend to buy this phone
Just don't think much before spending for this.... The product is awesome No lagging No abrupt shutdowns Much much better than 520 Going for a low budget phone with all features........go for lumia 525!!!
Even though the windows phone interface is pleasing its not worth the hassles these mobiles come with... copying files and songs is a pain.... the free subscription to nokia music ends without alert....very few good apps in the store....need to install windows phone app on pc for data transfer....too many privacy issues with microsoft.....u cant copy this...cant installl this...this is protected by copyright.... In a nutshell...go for android phones..they much better..
all good but lack of apps it has all the useful and popular apps though. phone is awesome..........................................................................
Decent Phone with upgraded ram.. even 512 is very much enough for windows this model has 1gb ram Love windows interface.
Nokia lumia is worst. I dont recommend this product. Always android products are best. Product completely waste. I was using this product past 6 months. Really disappointed.
This mobile from nokia is really good. It never hangs up and touch is really smooth. The only drawback of the mobile is there is no front camera so you can not do video chat. Otherwise all features are good.
the best phone i have ever use.. after windows 8.1 update i'll never go for android. Business phone. Wonderful experience after using it 6 month.
i bought this phone from snap deal 1k cheaper,I personally used for 4 months resolution is good, touch is awesome but battery drain very fastly ,I bought this phone for gaming,i luv games, asphalt 8 is awesome,if your charge is 100%,while playing aspalt 8 it remains for 2.15 hour,apps can't install while sending from another wp device through blutooth, there is no file manager may be available in 8.1 version,better go for lumia 630
Quick and fast delivery without any damage to the product. Easy payment method and Equated Monthly Installment options. Prompt reply to the order placed. No hidden cost.
Excellent Mobile... worth the money..... Windows OS is professional & not crap & annoying like Android
It's really beautiful one. Display, sound is nice.Camera is excellent.. but zoom isn't very high.very fast phone as it comes with a quadcore processor. but the given headphone is quite cheap.
cons: no lags due to 1GB ram, good display resolution (though brightness is a bit low on the bottom side), can be upgraded to WP8.1 with cyan update, apps can be moved to micro SD card after cyan update, games like asphalt 8 & temple run 2 runs easily, camera is decent in daylight. cons: doesn't have a flash, doesn't support all movie formats like mkv etc.(there are no good apps for playing movies in WP8.1 which supports all formats) OVERALL: a good product at this price range!
I bought this mobile in April 2014, the next week i requested flipkart for return as i was not happy with features of this mobile, and thank god flipkart rejected the request.. Phone was dull with windows 8... But the moment i updated it to 8.1, the experience has been different. Previously i used android 4.2 and trust me its better than any other phone in market.. with 1GB ram this phone never hangs.. Carry on Nokia
Some problem with Window 8 but Window 8.1 better working.... I hope so, come soon good update window in nokia 525...
This is my first Windows Phone, as I am hardcore Android fan. Overall I did not find it attractive and below my expectations. Usability is a bit tedious and not so user friendly.
Nokia has always lived to the expectations of it's customers and users(no doubt), The Lumia series of phones are sturdy in make and are ergonomically designed. Buy this if you are planning to buy a windows based device with full network support. The image quality of pictures taken are awesome. A good buy within 10K range. :)
I bought this Lumia 525 in the April-2014 for my mom as she likes and handles touch screen phones very well. No doubt, this phone is worth all money I paid. Actually I wanted Windows Lumia phone to explore, because rest everybody have Android phone at our home. :) There have been news of Windows 8.1 Upgrade for this phone and today I actually got Windows 8.1 for this Phone via Phone Update. There have been some good changes and added features in Windows 8.1 like front-scroll and improved battery backup etc. Shall post you more after some days and more usage. So Guys, Enjoy your Lumia 525 with Official Windows 8.1 OS... Thank you, Manish
i have bought it from flipkart and i recieved great service. i have been using it since and i feel great using it. it never hangs up and doesnt slow down. i reccomend this for all...
its sleek, its tough, its nokia... good for window lover.. but i would say do check... its new model which come with dual sim.. other wise its good phone
THIS PHONE IS GOOD,IT CAN PLAY HD GAMES LIKE ASPALT 8,MODERN COMBAT 4,FRONTLINE COMMANDO WITHOUT ANY LAGS.THIS PHONE IS SMOTH.THERE IS NO PROBLEM RELATED TO SOFTWARE BUT AT THIS PRICE YOU CAN GET BETTER MOBILES LIKE REDMI 1S,ASUS ZENFONE 4.5, ASUS ZENFONE 4 AND MOTO E ARE EQUAL TO THIS PHONE.THIS PHONE IS WORTH FOR 7500 BUT NOT 8K OR 8.5K. PROS:1)YOU CAN EXPERIENCE GOOD GAMING PERFORMANCE 2)HAS MS OFFICE IN BUILT 3)GOOD FOR WINDOWS LIKERS 4)COMES IN MANY GLOSSY COLOURS 5)GOOD BUILD QUALITY 6)AWESOME CALL QUALITY____________AWESOME(CRYSTAL CLEAR) 7)OFFERS 1 GB RAM ETC CONS:1)THE PHONE GETS TO MODERATE HEAT WHILE PLAYING HD GAMES SUCH AS ASPHALT 8,MODERN COMBAT 4 2)BATTERY BACKUP IS NOT UPTO MARK.PLAYING HD GAMES FOR 3 HOURS CAN DRAIN UR BATTERY. 3)CAMERA QUALITY IS NOT SO GOOD COMPARED TO REDMI 1S,ASUS ZENFONE 4.5 WHICH OFFERS 8 MP CAMERA.AND NOKIA LUMIA 525 OFFERS JUST 5 MP CAMERA WITHOUT FLASHLIGHT 4)NO FRONT CAM SO AT LAST I WOULD SAY THA T GO FOR REDMI 1S FROM XIAOMI OR ASUS ZENFONE 4.5. TOP MOBILES UNDER 10K 1)ASUS ZENFONE 5-10K 2)XIAOMI REDMI 1S-6K 3)ASUS ZENFONE 4.5-7K 4)MOTO E-7K 5)ASUS ZENFONE 4-6K 6)SONY XPERIA M-AROUND 9K IF U CAN SPEND 14K THEN GO FOR XIAOMI MI3 OR MOTO G 2ND GEN FOR 13K(APPROX) IF U CAN SPEND 10 K THEN GO FOR ASUS ZENFONE 5 IF U CAN SPEND
Windows phones i think have yet not matured that much. It will take some time. But the working of phone is overall smooth. Fast touch response. handy user interface. can get better app support. Many apps are paid ones. but the ones for daily use n small games are free of cost. you should go for it if u r really willing to go for a windows phone. This will be a good buy from a well known brand n a trustable one .:)
After use from Phone from 6 Months. I simply say very good phone from Nokia with 1 GB RAM & Windows 8 OS. Windows phone always good in terms of Memory & OS Management. Only lack limited application available from Windows Store download Freely.
When compare other company's phone like micromax...xolo etc etc...Lumia 525 is Best Phone In Its Class...
I bought this mobile reading the good reviews it is indeed a nice mobile and good performance but the build quality is inferior and spare parts way too expensive the worst is the screen which cracks very easily is of a very low quality and replacement costs 3k which is 1/3 rd of mobile price
Nice phone in all terms but eats memory in temp. file which cant be deleted unless u do factory reset.
very impressive model at this price and precious for me....................................................... it became useful for my studies during my exam.................................
hey guys i have brought this phone with a aim of gaming but battery is too mini and it cannot acess games for too much time and also has high burning point
When I bought Nokia Lumia 525 I kept in mind a lot of factors. Attractive to look at, long battery life, a fairly good camera, and obviously all the smart phone features should be there. As I finally I settled for Nokia Lumia 525 I had made sure that I have bought the right phone for myself. Nokia Lumia 525 as a device for photography is pretty much in ideal for me. The 5MP camera and the Nokia Smart Cam features do the editing bit for me or enable me to take different shots. The action shot is one such function amongst the others. I have been using the phone comfortably as the 4” LCD, quite a big one for displaying everything with clarity and detailing with a super sensitive touch has made operating the phone easier. Nokia Lumia 525 is a slim phone with a big screen and interchangeable semi transparent back cover which comes in different colours which serves me as a trendy accessory as well. There are a horde of other apps on my Nokia Lumia 525 that I find very useful. The MS Office and the Outlook are amongst them. I was so relieved to find the office apps on my phone. These softwares I need so frequently that having them on my phone seemed like a complete delight. I can now edit my documents and even create or share hem using the Office apps. Nokia Lumia 525 has allowed for a huge mass memory that is of 8GB which can be further extended to 64GB. Thus I have no trouble storing my files and other stuffs on my phone. An additional 7GB storage has also been provided on Microsoft One Drive. Thus I can also carry my important documents with myself. The presence of so many applications on my phone hasn’t really slowed it down rather it works fine even if I play more than one app at a time. This is because of the dual core processor and also the 1GB RAM that my handset never gets stuck or slows down.
As expected Flipkarts delivery was good. About the phone, it has some good specs but you can get some chinese makes at a cheaper rate but if you really love a phone for its feel on hand and its catchy colors you should go for Lumia 525 and noneother. Whata a Candy Orange!!!..
No User Friendly Phone If Know Using Window Phone Its Nice If You dnt Know How To Use Window Phone This Is Waste
This is one of the best phone in this price range.One of the best windows phone i ever had.Also service of flipkart is too impresive.....
Thanks flipkart. I got the mobile in right time. Their delivery was on time. This mobile is awesome ,with windows 8. Everyone liked my mobile. Thanks Nokia & Flipkart.
been using using it for over a month. absolutely no glitches, faults, lags... runs smoothly and the extra 1 gb ram is handy for heavy gaming the back get slightly hot during extended use, especially above the camera lens. other than that, its a great phone for the asking price. good alternative if u want to break away from the din of android phones
A great Phone under 10000 you will love it if you like windows phone. Pros: 1. Great Camera. No Flash but still gives descent photos in low light. 2. Free Game loft Games(around 10 of them were free on the offer when i purchased which include assassin creed, asphalt 7 & 8) 3. Battery life is good as compared to other smartphones. Can work for 1-1.5 days under normal usage 4. Up gradable to windows phone 8.1 though its still under testing in India on this phone when i am writing this review. 5. All Games including temple run 2, subway surfer, asphalt 8, assassin creed works perfectly fine on 1 GB RAM. no lags, work smoothly 6. Nokia Music Subscription free for 3 months( Unlimited downloading) Cons: 1. No front Camera 2. No Flash 3. Single Sim Overall a great windows phone to buy.
I bought this phone 3 months back and I'm more than happy with it. I've been a android/ios user for a long time. But the smoothness and UI of this phone is just amazing. Only downside is that Whatsapp on windows eco-system is not fully developed and is a bit slow. Loved it, would definitely recommend it.
Pros : Excellent h/w. Nokia keeps up its name and integrity by providing best in class hardware for their devices and not something that has real lots of specs but low on quality. Basic phone features of making a phone call, internet, gprs, navigation, games (not high end) and editing documents every things is butter smooth and easy. Call / Signal quality is as amazing as nokia has been traditionally. Cons: Being a Windows phone there are many things which are bad (with OS not the phone). Especially compared to android it lacks in minimalist features like global search, msgs search. Customizations of themes and desktops is not intuitive and limited. All in all i am happy with after my purchase since last 1 month. Lets c how it goes in future
It is good to say that i have been using this phone from last 4 to 5 months, i am a very satisfied from the built, look and quality. every thing is good in this phone except front camera, and flash if NOKIA attempt to provide these feature in this phone this is best buy under 9K(today's price), yes still one thing it lacks audio equalizer although its sound output through speaker is very good and loud but in term of enjoy your music it lacks in this field software upgradation on the charm i have already updated window phone 8.1 after receiving the phone immediately. Must buy or check urself for better option that suit u.
Lumia 525 is an improvement over Lumia 520. However, looks exactly the same. 525 is faster than 520 in operation. Camera is OK. The design could have been slightly better, but that's personal taste. All in all a fine value for money proposition.
u need not take a back step to buy windows phone,except for the android store it excels in everything and even windows store is boosting off with xbox in it and in the mere future we cannot show any difference between windows and android store.either go for moto g or this phone cause no other phone is worth like this phones..even among moto g and 525 i would prefer 525 because there aren't any repair centres for moto g and due to mass production i heard that some of the phone batteries are instantly heating and shutting down though it is one in thousand[moto g] and if u look for 20k range go for 1320 if u have no problem with 6 inch screen.it is low priced than 920 and better than 920,lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Low budget and maximum durability and reliability when compare with other smartphones I purchase this phone for my Father, He likes this phone very much. One thing i want to Add : That if we buy this phone from shop that they give the "Insurance" for this also, but FLIPKART is not given this. Insurance should be given by FLIPKART. it is good for Customer.
I got a defective piece, expecting a replacement by 13th August 2014. The speed of the phone is good & the camera is not that great.
Hi Team, I have purchased the Nokia Lumia 525 Black mobile from flipkart.com on 22nd July, 2014 but there's an issue with the touch screen & sometimes it's automatically restart. I had purchased this mobile as a gift for my father. In view of above probelm, the quality of this product is not good. I am not happy with this product & it's making my life more complicated while using this product. I have already been monitoring these issues since last two weeks. I would request you to kindly look into this matter & resolve this issue ASAP.
It's Low budget best Smart phone ever and most imp thing is that RAM of this cell is 1GB which remove all flaws of Lumia 520. Excellent Delivery by Filpkart also.
mobile memory keep on increasing as you stream videos and finally you are running out of memory.I have contacted customer service and they are not able to help
This is my second Lumia phone.I lost my lumia 720.But this time I thought of buying a budget phone thats why I bought 525.Eagerly waiting for 8.1 update
i m using dis pho before 6 months. i m telling u the cons of dis pho.............. nevr buy a wp phoo . hangs lots of tym, battry backup-bakwassss!!!! camera quality- bakwasss!!! as u know in wp phones many imp apps are missing............. screen - ONLY IPS NOT H.D DISPLAY....... ram - 1gb dats gud... bt no need ... 1gb ram only used for high resolution gaming,,like ashplt8.... if u wnt 2 buy a gud phoo then go for MOTO E........ the only draw back is, dat no frnt camera n flash.. bt it is d latest android kitkat... amazing yr.. h.d display, guD camera quality... the price is good only 7000rs... wow......REMEMBER ONE THING ALWAYS BUY A ANDROID NOT A WINDOWS PHONE...
The performance of the phone is awesome and the display quality is good. The speaker performance is also loud enough. Call qualityis also awsome . Finally a great phone from a great manufacturer.
all thing in this mobile is good,but the only problem is some times it goes automatically switch off for second and then starts,
I am using it for last 1 week.....and it really feels great having a lumia phone. It gives a felling that you are using a smartphone, with the most recent and friendly OS "Windows 8" The Phone is really awesome...it gives you more features than mentioned in this Product guide....They say you can play only 720p Videos @ 30fps...but It can 1080p videos without any Intruption...perhabs it has less appa than Android have....but Internet Exploler 10 gives the speed of 3G @ 2G signals...Its really Good point about that. Gaming is also Good but you have the purchase it from the store.....The last and the final thing that people then when they buy a phone...that it has a led flash or not......Yes, it doesn't have led flash but it gives more better picture than any led set (for eg. Moto G, S duos), It never Hangs and never fezes......you can also update to the latest verson on windows when it comes.... I want to say flipkart that after my purchase its cost increased, I am Lucky (I purchased @ Rs.8715 from this site...not its Rs.10050) This means that this product is good at Sale thats why its price is Icreasing My Opinion......GO FOR IT.!!!!
Delivery was very quick. Booked on Thursday evening and was delivered Saturday afternoon. Product is very good for the price especially with 1GB RAM. Over all the product is good. Nokia must improve the headphone/ear phone quality. The headphone are really very low quality. I would not even give 1 out of 5 for it. There is no option to take call or switch music button in the headphone/ear phone, very below standard.
Great Product. As always awesome timely delivery by flipkart. Keep up the good work guys. Few points you might want to know especially if you are confused between Lumia 520, Lumia 525 Lumia 625 and Lumia 635. Why you would like to go for 525 ? Simply put ... its 4.5 inch screen makes the display crisper compared to other models of 4 or 5 inch. Technically 525 has a higher PPI (pixels per inch) so a btr clarity. Other features - you can easily compare on flipkart compare tool. On using for over a week ... 1. battery lasts over 2 days on moderate usage with calls/emails/surfing/games 2. grip is slippery - get a hard cover/flip cover 3. easy to assemble & get going. 4. doesnt lag like android cells
Lumia 525 !! Just a value for money. its lumia 520 + { 512mb ram+dlna(Digital Living Network Alliance)+bluetooth v4+ Brightness Control+Lumia Color Profile+ Auto-c Screen+Integrated Hands-free Speakers+Proximity Sensor+ Orientation Sensor} what elsi could you expect for the extra 2k you pay. thats it pay more get more. Very Nice Product. Loving It.
This is very good product of Microsoft Nokia ,also it has a good processor and battery life also, it has 1 Gb Ram for faster processing and process execution also, so you can also play large size of a game for without any interrupt. -display is LCD is so good
It's very good product at this price range. camera is good. very handy. light weight. lots of options download songs from nokia music store. free subscription for 3 months to nokia music store. loud sound. one thing which is demerit is phone is getting hot when we play games.
i think window os is better then ios n android i used both of them but i like window os. but dont go with my way of thinking everybody has their own choices
Been 3 weeks since I have been using Nokia Lumia, 525. The phone has been good so far, very user - friendly and accessible. There are not a lot of games and stuff, but I don't care about those cos I was looking for something easy to use, connect with my laptop and have a mini - walking talking work area without carrying a laptop or tablet. I was able to sync the phone with my accounts and you can update calenders and contacts and make back - ups easily .. I will update you guys in 3 months about how well it is going.. for now its fantastic .. Updates today on the phone: the battery runs out really fast if you keep internet on or keep listening to music etc .. need to charge at least thrice a day.. hmm
Good window phone in budget A quick edit and spell check will work wonders for your credibility. Also, break reviews into small, digestible paragraphs.
First of all i wanna tell you ABOUT PHONE:- this is the best phone under 10K if you've 10k then go for it without thinking much.. 1GB RAM is perfect for Gaming & snapdragonS4 processor is also a good performer.. It can handle Big graphic rich Games like Asphalt 8 with ease.. No lags found.. 5MP camera is the best of its type & with Nokia Camera it is totally out of the comparison with those Micromax or Xolo(Lava) or Any other Indo-Chinese brand.. Don't go on numbers these Chinese vendors show for processor & mega pixels for camera as these are making fool.. Micromax's Canvas 4 camera is not better than Lumia 520 or 525 5MP camera, when Nokia say something about their phone their phone really perform as said.. Its battery backup is also satisfactory.. It'll last you one day despite having much more tasks such as watching videos talking on 3G, Gaming or Clicking photos, Browsing Internet, chatting with friends and much more.. SO IF YOU HAVE ANY DOUBTS DONT THINK MUCH JUST BUY IT & Don't be confused if some people are telling you the flaw of Its OS that Windows Phone 8.. People say Windows Phone have less apps...But Nah.. Nah.. I've used Sony Xperia before and i can assure you.. You'll not be disappointed with its OS.. In fact you'll loge its Beautiful & Smooth UI & Those who complain for APPS availability they need to update themselves as now windows Phone store have all APPS & GAMES WHICH you'll need.. Instagram, Vine,Facebook Messenger, Indian Railway, BBM is coming shortly and much much more... They are all now on Windows Phone Store..Nokia Mix Radio, Here Maps & Here Drive and many other Nokia Exclusives make Lumias even Better...And now lets talk about its OS WINDOWS PHONE 8.1 COMING TO ALL LUMIAS... I've ordered this Lumia 525 as i wanted a refreshed experience in low budget and windows phone provides best user experience.. Don't be confused of buying a windows phone as it is surely better than that lagdroid.. MICROSOFT RECENTLY ANNOUNCED WindowsPhone8.1 update with Nokia Cyan update which will make Windows Phone the best operating system so don't blame windows Phone anymore go & read what's new coming in windows phone 8.1. Action Center,which allows you to quichly access settings..by swiping down from the top Notification Center,is also there to show your all notifications..at one place..Option to enable that extra column of live tiles, New Backgrounds with parallax effect for start screen now any picture can be set as a live tile background & with parallax effect it looks awesome... Apps, Games and anything can now be stored in CLASS 5 or higher SD cards.. New battery sense.. And Most important Cortana the best Personal Assistant is also coming it is far better than Apple's Siri.. You can read more about new Windows Phone on WPCENTRAL website.. Or windows Phone website... Now Switch to Windows Phone as I've switched and you'll love it
the product is good. decently fast and no non-sense applications. Though I have not used it myself. I bought it for my father. He is quite happy with the product and its features.
Nice mobile. The camera in day light is perfect. It is my first windows mobile and the flat UI of windows is very impressive. Features which i wanted but not available... 1. Camera quality for low light. 2. USB tethering, which required for connecting to my PC
I was fedup with the android OS, I have used Samsung Galaxy & Micromax A63. So I took a turn to Windows OS. When I bought this mobile, I have no idea of Windows Os. So Some Pros & Cons for those who have no idea about Windows OS. Pros :- 1) Very Good Touch. 2) Good Battery Backup. I use 2G Internet for all time. My phone gives at-least 14-15 hours of battery backup, Including Voice Calls & Heavy Internet Usage. 3) Phone does not hangs or lags. I have used UC Browser, Hike, Whatsapp & Viber & Skype & Some Battery charge displaying apps. 4) Many persons told me that apps are not available in Windows OS, but I found every apps which I needed. 5) New OS, which is Windows 8 OS. No Update available except 8.1 BETA, for which you have to be a Windows App Developer. 6) Camera is good. Even in low light it took great pictures. Cons :- 1) Music Player is worst. Its completely different like Android OS. Android OS have a very good music player. Windows OS have the worst & personally I was fedup with the Music Player. 2) Headphones are worst, headset keeps dropping from my ears, and sound quality was like basic headphones.headset does not fit properly even in many of my friends, worst quality headphone from Nokia. 3) Battery capacity should be increased. 4) No Update for normal users for Windows 8.1. 5) Major Problem which no user mentioned is :- If phone is switched off and you put it in charge, phone gets restarts, which I found very bad. 6) No restart option. 7) No good file explorer or manager, no zip files can be seen. 8) Radio is worst. Those channels which are very clear in my Samsung & Micromax, Nokia is unable even search it.. This phone is best for users who use INTERNET a lot, checking mails & messaging. I am not satisfied at all in terms of music player & file explorer & phone getting restart when phone is switched off and plugged in for recharge. Rest everything is best. Regarding Flipkart, this is my second purchase, I am very happy customer from Flipkart team. Just one request when ever you call, Kindly use Hindi as the first language as many person are unable to speak very fluent English. I had a personal experience when my family member handed me the phone just because he was unable to get what was been asked as the representative used English language.
It seems, it has some problem with the radio. Radio does not work properly. I have replaced the phone twice but no luck. And headset does not fit properly. zip files location cant be seen anywhere in the phone. rest all is ok.
I ordered this upon request from a friend to get him something which was not too pricey, but would serve as a cost effective multipurpose communication device, the most important purposes being data storage, superior camera and video functions, and ease of use. The Lumia is great for the price, and does it all. I do not think that comparing it with a higher priced model makes any sense; for someone who wants a smartphone for fun, entertainment, and maybe some light business activities, it is ideal. Flipkart's delivery time was excellent as always, and I hope to continue ordering books, gadgets, and stationery from you guys. Keep it up!
The best windows mobile in this range,its just buttery smooth ,the camera is awesum.. sound quality is far better than micromax n moto e.display is grt....so just go for it guys :) --------------------------------->>>>>>>>>>>>
Lumia 525 is good for those using MS office. For those who are not using can opt for an android os. Internet usage down loading are good. but the signal intrupts in between the calls. I'm not sure whether it is the problem of the set or network.
very much satisfied with the product. Now I can read write and edit all my official documents on the go. Plus the lync keeps me in touch with all my peers when ever I am on tour.
i got this phone one day ahead of the specific date.thank you flipkart, thank you ekart!!!!you people rock and thanks to all those people who brings our stuff to our doorstep. anyway as for my new phone its sooo beautful!!i wont go into all those specification jargon as those are already mentioned tenmillionth times by other reviewers but as for me, im loving it. the price is reasonable the camera is wonderful, the touch screen is simply smooth,.now all i need to do is to understand how to learn this windows phone quickly as its bit complicated for me as i was using sympian nokia before.but for now im in love with my new baby. go for it, you wont regret it.
Thanks to flipkart for the awsome price. I opted for next day delivary and it came wit good packing and WSRetail has become my fav. Coming to the phone I was looking for upgrade from my low end android samsung wave-y. I had seen so many android phone and their reviews. I basically wanted a good "phone" and after that all other features. After checking so many of them Lumia 630 met my expectation. But I dropped at the last min due to SAR value (1.5). 525 is a very good phone for that price. Display and win 8.1 9after upgrade) is really good. As of now I am not missing android except very few features. What ever (apps)wanted in a phone, I had checked whether they were available on windows. Once confirmed just bought it and installed my Apps. Call quality and signal strength is good (as expected in nokia compared to other phones). Even you open multiple apps at the same time phone works very smooth. Cons: * Battery kind of drains faster. Not sure about other phones. * Work around access to youtube etc. I am very happy with this phone. It fits my size requirements, call quality .
i just got it by 13.07.2014 and it took the hole day to cpomplete the setup. after that its greattttttt......
The shipping which was said to take a week just took 2 days to reach my homw with proper packing. The product is awesome and comes with original Nokia accessories. Thumps up to Flipkart.
in the nokia lumia editions this phone carries a good role, i really satisfied and enjoyed with my own lumia. don't be funny its good phone with a price range under 10000. am be happy and proud to as a part of microsoft.
Been using it for more than a month now. I must say I'm impressed by this beauty. 1GB RAM, professional build quality from Nokia, smooth touch interface, WP8 (by the end of July 2014 we will get WP8.1), live tiles and amazingly useful Microsoft apps are the most selling points for Lumia 525. If you budget is below 10K, don't second guess your options. No Android phone can compare to this at this range. Overall Happy user :)
* Offline navigation - Yes it works even without an internet connection and believe me it directed me exactly to the location. Hats off to Nokia maps and navigation, it stands apart. * No annoying inbuilt apps which cannot be removed - I was using HTC before and they had some useless inbuilt apps which could not be removed and it occupied lot of internal memory. * internal memory of 6 GB (out of 8) available for usage. * Phone doesn't lag when many apps are installed like androd (< 10K phones). * Nokia mix radio is the best way to download songs genuinely - I still wonder how they are handling the bulk licences for songs and giving it for free (limited period) to the customers. I was buying songs before from iTunes which costed me 15 Rs. for each song. But with Lumia i was able to download all my favourite songs for free and it is not pirated. * Ya files which are not supported by Microsoft cannot be kept / used in the phone. But I'm using windows OS laptop and most of my files are compatible with MS office so it is never a problem. * Cloud integration is too good. Whatever files i share with the cloud from my laptop is immediately available in my phone. And 7 GB cloud space is free. * Whatever apps i needed i got it from windows store. Of course the no of apps is less compared to android, but everyone need to understand that not all apps in android store are good since it is open source and the apps are not reviewed by google completely. But in case of windows, the app developers will know it how difficult it is to put their apps in windows store after so much scrutiny. The apps are genuine good and doesn't in anyway affect your phones performance but some apps from google store might bring down either ur phones performance or battery easily. Cons: * With android phone whereever we find audo / video files we can long press and share with all possible ways but here its difficult, we need to go to phots folder to share not in the video player app itself. * sharing files other than audio and video through watspp is not possible. And we cant select a file from photos / videos folders to share it with whatspp rather we need go to whatsapp and through Attach files we need to go and select the file. File integration with other apps is a concern. * apps cannot be kept at SD card. But it will be available in windows 8.1 update as i read in some review. Overall a superb product. I'm waiting for windows 8.1 update in enjoy all new features.
The features are extremely good! The looks, getup, charming display and battery life are appreciable. You will feel yourself someone special with this phone among the conventional Android users. Overall, its the best and unrivaled option for the unique thinkers on behalf of Nokia. Last but not the least, FLIPKART is the best! I am overwhelmingly satisfied with their service as I received the product just within 2 days. Unbelievable!
i bought this product via flipkart in last month so far it is good in use....no hang touch is good as compare to others and most important price worthy..budgetary phone
I'm using Lumia 525 for a couple of months now. It's the best windows phone you can get under 10k which actually provides 1GB Ram. Personally I think it's not worth spending 10k on a smartphone if it dosent have 1gb of ram. It comes with a 1ghz dual core processor, which is not the best but good enough for it. Compared with android devices within this price range, windows phone has a lot more to offer. First of all, it doesn't freeze if u install a hell lot of apps in it. Which in case of android might actually kill the phone. It's faster than 520 as it comes with an additional 512mb of ram. Upgrade it to windows phone 8.1 and enjoy a whole new world of smartphone. Camera is 5mp. And we all know that nokia camera beats all the other phone manufacturers cameras. And it's not always about the resolution, it's about the lens. Lumia 525 has some heating problem. Its back gets really hot if you play games for a long time. That's the only negative point that it has. Except for the fact that it doesn't have a flash or a front facing camera.... But if you are not much of a low light camera or video calling person, then lumia 525 is the best you can get within 10k.
guys it the legend NOKIA we all used to have iits fone ....what now???ITS TIME TO BRING THE LEGEND BACK HOME!!!!buy it it awesome.......its got snap dragon !!!
Nokia lumia's hardware is best at it's price point, and combination of Nokia and Microsoft's os is amazing. I specially like software developed by Nokia for this platform. This is really best mobile then all it's competence.
very nice windows phone at this price. guys if you want to buy windows phone in this budget just go for nokia lumia 525
Great Experience....Good software and Hardware....Nokia should think of adding a flash with Camera...otherwise a very good choice.
Fast and responsive. Great value for money. Windows 8 takes a little getting used to but overall a superb phone. Another great phone by Nokia.
Got the Mobile in 24 hours after placing the order... Everything is fabulous in mobile.. 1 GB RAM heats the mobile when we use more apps at the same time..but the speed was awesome and no match for any mobile of this price range..
Hi All, i have been an android user for the past 2 years so thought of trying this windows platform as i am going to change my disgusting phone ST2i1 (Sony Tipo) ... and believe me i bought Sony tipo with 8K ... and this phone i bought with Rs ~8.5K and there is so much evolutionary changes within 2 yrears that it is reallly astonishing. Lets come to the review part .... Yes i only got this phone 1 day back so battery usage statistics will be variable due to high synchronisation usage and apps installation and system configuration for the first few days. as we all get excited when we buy a new phone. :) .... other than than lets come to the functionality of the phone and its performance. 1) Crystal clear GUI cannot complain one of the best i have seen ever 2) Windows 8 flexibility is a bit of confusing ... almost like Unix (keep the system cache clear) but we will get familier to it in a small time 3) No process is in running state one of the best feature to keep the RAM(1GB) at the threshold. 4) excellent classy build and touch - no complain 5) what more you expect from 8K mobile :) 6) no unnecessary apps is included in the mobile features. Cons - 1) No pre installed Facebook and whatsapp is there in the phone ( as promised via advertisement) 2) Camera is ok as per 8k range also flash is excluded so low light or night photography is not possible ( As per my principle buying a phone on the basis of a camera is totally wrong if you have to buy a camera then go for DSLR or SLR that will provide variety and quality and ) for normal use the camera is more than ok. 3)front camera is missing (within 8k this expectation is a little more from Nokia) 4) Heaphone quality provided in the box is worst 5) as per phone usage heavy usage leads to drainage of battery preety fast (assumption)
the packing of flipkart is average... delivery is great... phone is amazing and is awesome about its cost... very good product from nokia
DETAILED REVIEW ORDERED ON 16 JUNE 2014 AND GOT DELIVERED ON 19 JUNE 2014- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I LL FIRST LIST THE HARDWARE PROS AND CONS : ############################ PROS 1. VERY GOOD CAM. ( ONLY DURING HIGH AND MEDIUM LIGHT CONDITIONS) DURING LOW LIGHT PICTURES ARE NOT GOOD. BUT MUCH BETTER THAN MOTO E. HAS AUTO FOCUS WHICH IS A BIG ADVANTAGE. HAS HD VIDEO RECORDING. 2. TOUCH SENSITIVITY AWESOME NO LAGS & SMOOTH SCROLLING. 3. SENSORS ARE VERY RESPONSIVE AND QUICK.(Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, Proximity sensor) 4. SPEAKER, MIC AND LOUDSPEAKER ARE EXCELLENT. 5. VOLUME + & - , SCREEN LOCK KEY & CAMERA BUTTON ARE COMFORTABLE TO USE. CAMERA BUTTON FUNCTIONALITY IS SAME AS A DIGITAL CAMERA'S BUTTON i.e PRESSING LIGHTLY WILL FOCUS ON THE OBJECT AND PRESSING HARD WILL TAKE A PICTURE. LOCK SCREEN KEY IS COMFORTABLE WHEN COMPARED TO MOTO E. 6. MICRO USB CHARGING AND DATA TRANSFER PORT AND A 3.5 MM JACK PORT. 7. BATTERY IS 1430 mAh WHICH IS GOOD FOR AVERAGE USERS, AS THE DEVICE DOES NOT RUN UNWANTED APPS IN THE BACKGROUND, BUT FOR POWER USERS I THINK THIS BATTERY WILL NOT SUFFICE. CONS : 1. HEATS UP WITHIN 1 HOUR OF INTERNET USAGE (3G). BUT NO HARM 2. BACK PANEL OPENING SLOT IS NOT AVAILABLE, YOU HAVE TO OPEN BY PULLING IT OUT. 3. NOT WATER PROOF 4. THE 3 CAPACITIVE TOUCH BUTTONS DO NOT LIGHT UP. ( windows button, back button and the search button) SO DIFFICULT TO USE IN DARK. PROS AND CONS OF SOFTWARES ********************************************* PROS : 1. MANAGABLE OS. 2. NOT MUCH COMPLICATED AS ANDROID. 3. CUSTOMISABLE HOME SCREEN LIVE TILES. 4. PREINSTALLED OFFICE 365 5. EASY TO NAVIGATE 6. GOOD GAMING EXPERIENCE 7. DOESNT CONSUME MUCH BATTERY FOR AVERAGE USERS CONS : 1. NO THEMES 2. NO USEFUL APPS AS IN ANDROID. ( SOME POWER USERS NEED APPS LIKE EBOOK READERS, EMAIL CLIENTS ETC.THERE ARE NO GOOD APPS FOR WINDOWS) 3. NO GOOGLE MAPS ( "HERE" MAPS ARE NOT AS EFFICIENT AS GOOGLE MAPS) 4. INTERNET USAGE CONSUMES MORE BATTERY ( 3G) 5. INTERNET EXPLORER NO SAVEPAGE OPTION. NO DECENT WEB BROWSER APP IN WINDOWS APP STORE. 6. NO O.T.G SUPPORT 7. APP INSTALATION IS DIFFICULT. UNLIKE ANDROID INSTALLATION APPS STORED IN SD CARD ALSO REQUIRES INTERNET CONNECTION AND A WINDOWS LIVE ID. FINAL - * BASIC PHONE FOR AVERAGE USERS. COMMON GUYS ITS NOKIA ! * SERVICE CENTER IN EVERY NOOK AND CORNER. TRUSTWORTHY. * IF YOU REQUIRE A LOT OF USEFUL APPS THEN THIS IS NOT A PHONE FOR YOU. * POWER USERS NEED 2 BATTERY PACKS ( EVEN I USE 2 BATTERIES)
i love to purchase from your site easy to use. easy to find what i want. frequently i'm buying from your site.
Very worst phone ever i bought, this phone is very worst, 3000rs worth only. The screen automatically freezes, the applications is opens very very slow sometimes, my rate is for this phone 0 out of 5. I got fooled by other reviews. Please don't buy nokia windows phone, It is very worst.
nice phone having microsoft office and games,5mp camera.windows having so many apps and its better than nokia x family.
Flipkart does not fails in impressing with yet another on time delivery. Product is great as one would expect at this price range from Nokia. If you want to show class in everything you do, this is the phone for you. Aces!
It's a nice product. I purchased the same from the Flipkart. it reaches me with in 3 days. Thanks for flipkart. If you go for a windows phone, it is an economy phone containing 1 GB RAM with a price less than Rs. 10,000/- The drawback is only flash light & Front camera.
This Nokia Lumia 525 handset is quite good. Only I face some problems regarding 1. Battery, 2.Gaming In case of battery its horribly last for a days in cautious uses(below moderate). using internet it drain 50% of battery in a hour. Its really not expeted from nokia. In the case of gaming its seems lagging many times in normal games like temple run, subway surfers etc.
Very nice phone. value for money. Zippy fast, smooth experience in this price money, Although its lacks flash and secondary camera still its 5mp Autofocus gives decent pics. Windows OS is easy to operate and very upright for professional users. AND LOTS OF FREE GAMES
Guys, people are having a wrong intention about windows phone. The thing is when you update an android phone it will slow down to a remarkable extent, but in windows phone it is totally different. It will improve its performance with every update n also they are improving their OS at every step of their OS update unlike android OS updates which is nothing but same stuff with different look. I was not so satisfied with windows 8, but after the update of windows 8.1( did it by following the procedure from You Tube as I was unable to stop myself to wait for the official update also the procedure was not illegal), I am so happy that I bought this phone 2 months ago. The thing is that we can move our apps to sd card even with no lag while running the app in windows 8.1 and with many other added features. Guys, I recommend you to see the videos of the working of phones after update to 8.1 . I swear if you are in confusion that to buy this phone or not, you will go for this fine product from nokia at such a reasonable price!!!!! Defiantly, the 8.1 update is able to overrule the kitkat update by android which is a hell to majority of the old android phone thereby making the system to lag remarkably. A windows phone is far more better than the android phones at a long run. Hope, this review was helpful to you. Thanx.........
1) flipkart delivery is on time. The seller is also providing new, sealed product.inside, i got a phone with detached battery, charger, usb cable. The box is still sealed. 2) about the phone, i love it. It's within my budget, smartphone, all that i can ask for. I really just want to use it for calls and whatsapp. Having all the other features was a nice addition. 3) at first, using a window phone can be a bit confusing, but once you get the hang of it, its really quite easy. 4) very fast. Games, camera, apps, all working smoothly so far. 5) if you're like me, just looking for a smartphone that is high quality but within your budget, you should definitely consider nokia lumia 525. 6)i'm a careless person, i might and will drop my phone sooner or later, thus i need a brand that is tough. In nokia i trust. Been a faithful nokia user since my first phone. Even my previous phone, a nokia e63, is still working up until today. Its just that i need to change to a smartphone because the technology nowadays are fast improving. So i hope nokia lumia 525 will make it ancestors proud. It should stand all the dropping, throwing, scratching, etc. fingers cross!
Lumia 525 is the best smartphone within low budget.It has some unique material which can easily satisfy many buyers like me.
overall 525 is a good phone. u can go fr it. is 525 upgradable to wp8.1? if so when will 525 get wp8.1 and lumia cyan update?
Ok windows phone experience wise is better than Android. it is light and feels great in hand.. only thing micrsoft said some free games but they are not available now on app store.. :( hope they come back soon..
The experience was really smooth and simple. The phone works beautifully. The services provided are better than expected. Could not have had it better!
AT FIRST MANY MANY THANKS FLIP CART FOR NICE SERVICES. LUMIA 525 IS AWESOME PHONE--------- NICE CAMERA IN DAY LIGHT BUT I MISS FRONT CAMERA, NICE SOUND QUALITY ( MUSIC,VIDEO & CALLING ), AWESOME MS OFFICE, 1 GB RAM, U CAN PLAY HIGH RESOLUTION GAMES VERY SMOOTH . BATTERY BACK UP IS NICE . APPS STORE IS VERY NICE BUT I WANT TO SAY MS CO & NOKIA CO. TO DEVELOP THE STORE WITH MORE APPS. OTHERWISE IN THIS PRICE RANGE THE PHONE IS AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME..........................................,..... & THANKS MS CO. & NOKIA CO. FOR THIS PHONE.
About Phone :- Better than starting range of android phones. Good display and super sensitive touch screen at this price. The camera of the phone is just great than what you can get in other phones of this range though flash is not present but works well in low light. Music quality is good but you cannot change the equalizer settings though its not a big problem. The earphone which comes with the mobile do not have answer call button so you have to buy other earphone for that purpose. Overall awesome mobile works fast, efficient and elegant. About Flipkart:- I have experienced a faulty display problem which I complained to Flipkart immediately and soon they have exchanged the mobile with a brand new one. Overall, delivery from flipkart was on time and the replacement was quite hassle free. So flipkart has stand upon my expectations.
I just love this phone. Awesome service by flipkart and a great device by nokia. Totally it is an extraordinary product.
Good economical phone. Though it gets heated up if you even perform a simple task as browsing for a long time.
SOMETIME IT GET HEATED UP DOING SIMPLE THINGS LIKE BROWSING PHONES. DOING APP DOWNLOAD. TOUCH IS REALLY GOOD. SOUND IS AVERAGE. PHONE IS FAST.
Am really very satisfied with flipkart for making my parcel delivered witin 48 hrs rather than 10days taken by its contemporaries. my phone came wit a neat and compact pack. phone is same as got in showroom. lumia 525 is worth its price. grab this phone and am sure no regrets.
A very good Phone with 1 gb ram and camera quality is awesome low light pics are also nice. Great work nokia.feels good in hands. And for flipkart i got in only 3days.
Nokia always great IM very satisfied with nokia service and 525 is very good with 1gb ram supar fast .thank you nokia?thankyou flipkart??
genuine product from retailer. will recommend for those who wants to use it for office purpose..........................................................
this phone is an gaming phone because unlike other models it is provided with 1 gb ram which can run heavy games like nova 3 modern combat 4 asphalt 7:8 and assasins creed hd camera is awesome battery backup is also good go for it
Well its a really good phone if you are buying your first smartphone and you are a fan of windows ... Great for gamers BEST PHONE IN ITS PRICE SEGMENT......
This is really a good smart phone with a great speed due to 1Ghz processor , good internal memory of 8GB with a reasonable price tag. Only one disadvantage is that this phone does have front camera and there is no flash . But can be ignored with it's great pricing. Flipart services are as usual too good , product was delivered within 2-3 days at my doorstep.
phone is very nice .........and also faster for my usage.......... only on thing is this phone is not having flash
I bought this on flipkart...good phone..fits my need (just a smartphone with decent features, camera, good processing speed) ..but battery drains fastly when using 3G network,,,,otherwise a good phone....without using 3G the battery would definitely last for 2 days..other wise no disadvantages in this phone
apart from some heating issue, everything is just perfect. so don't give a second thought to buy it. And yes, the flipkart service is also excellent.
ALL THE FEATURES ARE OK. BUT ONLY PROBLEM IS SOUND IS VERY LOW. THE OTHER FEATURES ARE VERY GOOD. THANKS A LOT.
> The phone is really good > I can connect my Office Outlook to the phone > It is alerting for the meetings and holidays from my Outlook calendar > I got this phone @ 8550 Pros: Fast advantage of MS Office 1 GB memory Had excellent voice clarity on Skype calls Cons Save your old headphones or need to purchase new one... as the one comes with the phone is similar to the one provided with nokia basic phones Data cable is very short
Very good phone smooth as a quad core processor but the freee games as promised are not there also lots of games r not showing other than that good phone also another flaw is very little phone memory
Lumia525 ia very cool... one thing abt it is that it has 1gb ram which makes it run smooooothly... look is great..... and the camera is good(no flash). and all the store games run smoothly and there is no lag... i luv this phone very much...
Awesome mobile.
nice experience. it was good good experience with flipkart and am happy with flipkart service and policy.
I brought NL 525 2 months back... All features are good for a phone priced in this range but i doubt that have i got an ORIGINAL nokia phone or not? because the battery dies superfast than average android based phone... biggest drawback of this phone is battery back up which is unbelievable from brand like NOKIA.
1. Any 3k mobile has Internet Sharing option, NOKIA & WINDOWS claims the same about the mobile but in my mobile its not there. 2. Quality of Music is like Cheap Karbon and other Korean phones. 3. No file browser. Finding files is a terrible. 4. Enough apps in the store but very few quality apps. 5. NO basic screen guard provided with it. 6. Have to hold the phone very steady to take photos. But the camera is really good. 7. UI is very nice. 8. Battery is Average I hoped a lot from NOKIA & WINDOWS but I was really disappointed.
Best looking and fits your hand easily. Feels like using a phone. I want to talk about the software only. The store is well equipped for your needs as it not comes with default apps in phone ready to use. No good file explorer available in the store also. Wait for its OS 8.1 Update which makes some other explorers work properly (Aerize Explorer,etc) Cannot send pdf files through bluetooth, Cannot share Music,videos from your collection in whats app( what type of security it is don't have a single idea). People who work for longer times need a power bank or charger along with themselves cos of 1430mAH battery. Experience is good using this phone. watching photos in this mobile is my favorite about this mobile. I wrote what it cannot do first. now go for what it do Office for editing and viewing all your documents. Connecting your company account if your organisation uses Microsoft office exchange/outlook. Plays any quality video file but you need to buy Moli Player pro (160 INR). Gaming experience is good too. Supports number of games. can use this phone as a remote for your xbox. free nokia music to download songs. If you want something extra go for any higher versions of Luma. SIngle sim and that sounds cool to me. Want dual sim go for Lumia 630 or Android phones. No need of any anti-virus apps. It can take care of itself. Buy this phone only if you like to use it as a phone instead of a tablet. otherwise go for Android phones. All worth the money you pay for it. I strongly suggest you to not buy this and regret if you already used android phones and had done all that this wont do. i stress on it again, bu it only if you want a smart phone that can fulfill your requirements.
I brought this phone in January *[not from flipkart]* First I thought it was a nice phone with the specs and all other stuff and a brilliant camera. Now I regret it. Main problem with Windows Phones are that you don't have separate volume controls for media and ringtone. So if you were playing music with volume in 10 and closed the music, left the phone, and when someone calls, you can't hear the phone ring! because the volume is just 10. The developers were stupid enough, weren't they? The Next Big Thing---- The OS---- If you want to make a call, you have to go through many things. If you want to turn on WiFi, you have to go to settings then find wifi in the long list then tap it and then turn it off. Buy an Android phone. The Galaxy S duos or Moto E [best choices under 10k budget]
Good value for money phone and very fast. Touch response is amazing. Battery stand by time is not so great but acceptable.
worth for money easy to handle attractive genuine no words .......................................................................................................................
touch is really good. battery is rapidly down. speed of internet is also very good. good affordable phone 9k rupees.
4/5 because unable to play live streaming videos. or else i would have given 5/5. >>light weight >>ideal size >>excellent touch >>love Xbox
Good Sync with Windows 8.1.Nice features, Good graphics and with al necessary apps. At par with any Anroid phone.
I bought this for my bother who was yearning to get a Lumia for a while. Weighed this against Lumia 520 and thought this would be better that that given that this one has 1 GB RAM. Well, he was excited and now he's immerse into the Lumia world. What he reported was "bhai, I think of it, and this one does it". LOL Go for it!
Hi - this phone is wonderful and a good smartphone from Nokia. It has all the features one would love to have on his / her phone. Processor Speed - Good Ease of Use - Good Getting Hands On - Takes time (if u r switching from other feature phones or Android) RAM - Good enough Screen Resolution - Good Camera & Options - Good Overall good phone.
Its a good experience with the Nokia Lumia 525. I have used it for a couple of days and here are my comments on this. +ves: 1. hardware performance is very good 2. touch sensitivity is awesome 3. updated to win 8.1 preview, gud experience with the update. software runs smoothly. 4. Gaming experience is awesome with smooth graphics. 5. Cam is gud for entry level phone 6. Auto brightness and battery saving options are gud, this saves battery life -ves: 1. no cam flash. Disappointment for low light shooting 2. no front cam 3. storage. of the 8Gb provided, only 4Gb is available for user 4. some basic functionalities are missing like contact auto search while dialing numbers. 5. USB teathering is missing from the software perspective. Hopefully will be updated in the later versions of Win. 6. Gets heated up while playing games from more than 1hr. Overall its a very gud phone in that range. I cud say this is a very gud phone for gaming.
App gap is just a myth.. Dive into windows and first thing you'll notice is smooth multi tasking. Its reaally smooth, though I miss flash and front cam, im not much of camera person. With coming phones from different oems in windows competation will lower the prices. If you need promised care and future proof phone with a smooth and fluid experience,buy nokia. Nothing else. Promised updates and improvements will make your feel good. I was sick of android and this purchase has been good till now. battery is ok.Have to legally buy some apps. Other than that no issues. I repeat no issues. Buy nokia you will NEVER regret!
Nice build and worth of money spent when compared to its android counter parts. Pros : No lag (best plus when compared to Samsung phones). Nice camera
Previously i used moto g which unluckily i lost, any now i bought this Lumia 525 thought lets see what windows os got. how it feels? well the ans is good, but sometimes it gets hot and you can feel burning sensation in your fingertips how it performs? For average user's its good, although while opening whatsapp its not that quick. Battery ? Battery shrinks fast. On average use if you recharge it in morning it will be dead by evening. Call quality? Its good Apps? Not much but all important apps are available, IMPORTANT i said. Touch? 7/10 sometimes it gen non responsive, i have updated it to windows 8.1 preview that might be the reason. Interface? Lovely Thats all.. overall 7/10
awesome touch , great features , bad style ,good in gaming , etc fast shiping just in 16 hrs... after paying 90 rs.
As usual I have got the delivery of this product within 2 days of ordering in north east region. Hats off to flipkart for such a fast delivery. Thanks flipkart. Now come to the product, I am using this set since 10 days and i am enjoying it but there are some things not available in this device which dissapoints me like a built in file manager, internet sharing options, camera flash, but u cant expect at flash at this price point Except this points I can says that this is a superb product for those who like to go for window phone...Toally lag free, I have installed 25-30 apps but i havent faced a single hang or lag problem. I doesnt even freeze till now...at last BEST WINDOW PHONE.
I have used this phone for 2 weeks.The phone is simply amazing.Here's my pros and cons Pros: 1.Great for music if you use other headphones(I use sony which have a button to control music). 2.5MP camera is simply awesome in daylight. 3.1GB ram and Doesn't lag 4.Fast and smooth touch(can change sensitivity). 5.Facebook integration is very good. Cons: 1.Gets heated if u play high end games too long (like 30min). But it wont harm the performance or battery though. 2.Battery is 1430mAh. lasts only for a day. Here's my usage.(I always keep WiFi ON) music(3hrs), messaging and whatsapp(2hrs), calls(maybe 10min), games(1hr) If u are looking for entry level smartphone and doesn't want your phone to lag go for lumia 525. Cant wait for official WP8.1 release.(Dev preview is simply awesome)
Good phone. Fast fluid performance. App store now has most of the popular apps. Gets even better after installing the Windows Phone 8.1 update. Swipe keyboard which is very good. Good camera ( in decent to low light conditions). 1 GB ram gives you access to the full app store. File manager in Windows phone 8.1. Cortana voice assistant. Good display. Nokia maps is good. Even Google maps is available via 3rd party Gmaps app which is very good. Windows Phone 8.1 update fixes most of the small loopholes that the earlier OS had and now feels like a solid well built, smooth and most importantly, a fresh and good looking OS! Most of the daily used apps like Whats-app, Facebook, Facebook messenger, Instagram, Foursquare are now available and others catching up. Even Internet Explorer 11 in the 8.1 update makes it a lot better and easier to use than the previous version.
Superb Model with fast actions Great dispatch looking forward from flipkart the same ever Model is really good I like a lot for its performance
As usual service of flipkart is excellent. Product quality also very good. Best price from the market.
The device performance is Buttery Smooth,Windows UI is Awesome.I suggest this phone for those who are bored with laggy android,those who cannot afford a high end android. Almost all important apps are now available on WP store except very few which we use hardly. Never think that WP store does'nt have apps or so ! this is the best phone under 10K if you've 10k then go for it without thinking much.. 1GB RAM is perfect for Gaming & snapdragonS4 processor is also a good performer.. It can handle Big graphic rich Games like Asphalt 8 with ease.. No lags found.. 5MP camera is the best of its type & with Nokia Camera it is totally out of the comparison with those Micromax or Xolo(Lava) or Any other Indo-Chinese brand.. Don't go on numbers these Chinese vendors show for processor & mega pixels for camera as these are making fool.. Micromax's Canvas 4... (Expand)
just using for only a few days. The only problem is, it is not detecting any micro sd card. Nokia care told me to format the phone. Otherwise a good phone for them who understand PC operation. It is a Windows 8 mobile as well as palmtop tab. Go for it.Nokia care at BBD Bag, Kolkata solved my problem. The phone is running without any lagging.;
I was a bit hesitant to go for Nokia again but after buying this product I am completely satisfied. It is totally a different interface which was my primary need because I was fed up of seeing Android in everyone's hand. The Windows Phone Operating System is Simple and, good looking and fast making it worth of it's price.
It is looking so good.working is awsome best mobile products is 100% geniue i am purching a this product best price Thankyou flipkart
Good. better performance. And Worth the price...............................................................................................................................................................
While this is a great phone in itself, Windows phone OS is very restrictive. I didn't find any significant hardware/design faults. I will list the cons first: Most of the problems are with the software. The hardware is great for the price. 1. There is no decent file manager till 8.0. You can't access music and videos folder-wise. It is all present as a lump of all videos and audio. 2. I have approx. 3000 songs on my phone and it lags a lot when i choose the 'song view' in any music player. Playing music is very difficult on this device unless you have playlists ready. This spoilt 2 parties for me. It's a shame because once you get a song to play, the sound quality is really good. 3. Very few apps, and unlike what most people assume, the quality of the apps is really bad. They lag, and are restricted in features compared to their Android counterparts. Search for audio/video player gives 3-5 results, and most of them are really low quality apps. Stock apps are decent. 4. No secondary camera for video chats. 5. Can play very few formats of music and video. I can't find a way to play FLAC files (lossless music, which i have a lot), playing mkv is a headache. Can't play 1080p videos, atleast the high bit rate ones. 6. Can't play subtitles- #ucks because i watch a lot of german and french movies, an i am new to the languages. 7. Whatsapp is slow, and sometimes i don't get notification sounds for messages. 8. Latest problem- i cant change the volume for videos or music, the volume keys are just changing the ringer volume. 9. Very few popular games. 10. No way to access commonly used settings quickly. You have to go to the settings tile for even minor changes. 11. Screen resolution is low- at least 720p, for quality web browsing and reading. 12. Please throw away the bundled earphone- You will get better ones for 50 bucks(i have s4 earphones which are amazing). 13. Web browsers aren't good enough. Can open 6-9 tabs max. Google chrome allowed 100+ tabs. I need just around 25-40 though. 14. No google maps- This really blows. Nokia maps is not even 10% as good as google maps. You will never use it in its current form. 15. Torrents can't run in background. Strange flaw, i mean who runs torrents on the foreground(desktop/mainscreen). 16. Can't change the launcher, same as apple. 17. Camera- no flash. Pros: 1. Call quality is really good. very clear, good signal strength and no drops. 2. Very stable. The phone never hangs. Whatsapp restarts sometimes. 3. Fast phone for the price (regarding app performance). 4. Looks very classy and funky at the same time. Mine is orange and you can change back covers for 300 bucks. Good build quality. Feels premium. 5. Very good quality screen- Pictures and videos look amazing, low resolution does make web surfing a bit frustrating though. 6. Charges fast. Battery will last a day since you probably won't use it for high end tasks(hehe). 7. Music output quality is really good, almost equal to my s4. 8. Windows have some of the following important apps- whatsapp, truecaller, shazam, facebook, instagram. 9. No ads anywhere (at the cost of reduced number of free apps). 10. Good sunlight visibilty, very clear even in the strongest light (good brightness levels). 11. Good for the price. Nothing great here. So overall, it's a very capable phone, restricted by the software. Windows software on the phone is as restrictive as Apple's iOS. Both of them can never match android on the functionality. Basically, if you want a phone for calling people, go for one of the Nokia ones. If you want a phone that doubles up as a computer, go for android. If you are really rich and don't mind paying for every app(and the inherent restrictions) go for apple. I lost my S4 to salt water damage, and needed something cheap. So i gave windows and nokia a chance. Not very impressed with the software, but the pricing is very reasonable. If you're a gal - this is the best looking phone aside from HTC one.
I bought this phone from flipkart two months back when I lost my previous Xperia phone. This is my first Windows phone. After using Android for so long, I needed a change. The phone has good processing power and navigating the phone is fast. The camera lacks flash but does a reasonably well job when there is enough light. The display is pretty good. The earphones that come with it are poor quality, hence I use my Sony earphones which do a decent job on my Lumia. The Windows store has many apps, enough for my use. The only and big down side of this phone is its battery. I have to keep my phone on battery saver mode all the time since it doesn't last more than 4 hours otherwise.
Good Phone.. But cant beat Moto e .. I wish I would have purchased a month latter. I had gifted this to my mom. She is loving it. Two Drawbacks. 1. No Flash 2. In head-free there is no button to pick up the incoming call.
The delivery time was good but packaging was bad. The cover box was crushed from 1 side and there was no sealed polythene cover. Another product of Rs 599 I ordered along with phone was packed very well and better than the phone. I guess for flipkart 599 > 10k. It's been around 20 days I have been using this phone. Phone is good budget phone. Fast and smooth. Windows store contain sufficient daily usage apps. Found Wifi-Bluetooth sluggish. Here Drive is good. The 3 blocking Issues I faced with the lumia 525 phone till now are: 1) Phone gets heated to very extreme extent sometimes while playing game or on charging. The heat felt at back cover is itself so much, I am doubtful if excessive local heat may damage internal components. 2) After making/receiving a call, when call is cut, phone touch stops working even the lower 3 UI buttons too. Phone has to be suspended and resumed to make touch work. 3) The in-built call receiver speaker does not work sometimes when a call is made. You don't hear anything. The phone speaker has to be turned on to listen the ring/voice going or coming. Not sure if others too faced this problem.
i got my lumia 525 on 22may. guys, the apps section is hell on windows phone. earlier whatsapp was not their , but it republished on 31 may, after updating still crashing on lumia 520 and on mine NL 525 asphalt8 is not showing in store, though it is available free. no matter which window phone u will buy , u will definitely face d problems wid apps n widout apps no use of smartphone, GO FOR ANDROID.
there is a problem of battery getting heated when you are playing the game , i have observed for all Nokia 525 mobiles. and also there is problem of memory. I mean you cant move your APPS and Games from phone memory to memory card. Excepts this Mobile is too good within 10k.
hey guys if u want a budget phone go & get it its best under 10k.................... If u think of those android based phones within 7500 with same specs. then u are wrong.... totally wrong [specs given above allready] because those mobiles dont provide internal storage more than 2 gb (available) so you always use a card that makes phone much slower only problem is flash but it works gud in low light too so only problem is front cam otherwise its PERFECT.................
Hello People, I have used this stuff and found that it hardly have those features that I want in my smart phone however it is fast comparing to android. It doest even have a file explorer. I wish i have gone with android. But if you are looking for a phone just to chat and dialing calls this is perfect.
everything is fine and fantastic..but my phone's theme background lock screen is not changing..its being the same..i have tried a lot to selecting colours or making a photo my lock screen but its not taking...don't have a flash..contact saving style is pretty interesting.. windows have to work on its system more ..........
The phone is excellent. Windows Phone OS is very fast, intuitive and very less confusing for even my elderly parents. This is a great phone at a great price.
I have tried androids in range of 8-10 K. All become slow for heavy applications. This one is far better than them. Backup, camera quality, display quality is very good. Nokia has again proved WHY IT WAS NO 1 previously. There is no complaint about the hardware
awesme pn at this range...go ahead lumiaaaaaaaaaaaaa.....
Guys, I have used many high end phones but I have never seen so fast browsing like this. Even on 2G the browsing is so fast that you cannot imagine. I enable wifi and use tablet for browsing to my surprise it gives very fast speed and data usage is so moderate that sometimes I wonder how this phone does it. And the calling speed, it reminds me Nokia 1100 of 2004, where the moment you touch the number, you will hear the other phone ringing. call quality, even on very low signal reception it does not break the voice or call quality. If you are looking for a device with super fast calling and browsing, and off course gaming, go ahead to purchase. Battery life is good but charging time is very less.
Best products.... much better then Samsung...as it never hangs...super fast with 1 GB Ram.. Candy crush game is not available in Windows Phone.... :( you may buy any products upto 15k is equal to Nokia Lumia 525.... matrs hai bhai log lelo..... socho maat...
A nice device. I Can play my favorite game very well and battery still lasts for a day. and best thing is weight. Only thing is Gorilla Glass and flash is not available. otherthan that the mobile is having great features.
Android users may tell "Go For Android only". But for a change just try this device with Windows OS, its awesome with 1 GB Ram for Lumia 525 within 9K. I am using this device and is excellent in its performance till now. The only cons are secondary camera as well as LED flash and is well known before buying it, hence not required to bother about it. Camera is ok, and battery is also good.
its better than the android mobiles.1gb ram is very useful to playing games.camera clarity is very good.only disadvantage is slightly heating due to playing games.
got new phone phone from flipkart on my another account.phone was delivered on time and was packed nicely.now coming to point the phone had fault in its earphone jack which keeps coming back even after repairing although the phone works nice
Lumia 525- I got this handset two days back and am so glad to make this purchase.. Flipkart service is super good and fast.. order came in the next day itself. About the phone.. its apt size and smooth..good looks and Windows Mobile OS.. i am loving it. Camera of the Nokia is damn awesome.so clear and crisp pics.. once connected to network all works super fast...touchscreen is also super smooth ONLY ISSUES i found is the battery drain ..really fast drain and the overheating at the back when i use it...is this same for all Lumia-525 users? any way to overcome this heating issue?
hi, I switched from Symbian to Windows phone. My first touch screen phone as well. I liked its few features, tile menu etc. However when it comes about apps, I feel it will take time to get mature for this OS. There are very few apps in store and beside they are paid. Even a file manager isn't full functionla as windows have put some restrictions. Sound quality is average not good. I had seen on many sites that its good but believe me its not. Picture quality is good, but i compared i took some snaps with moto g which has same cam 5 mpx, but found their quality slightly better than nokia.Strange! flipkart was good for delivery. Conclusion : Go for windows mobile after 2-3 years as by that time it will be more ripped.
everything is great about this device ...only con is that it gets slightly heated ! but it doesnt affect the performance in anyway!! you will not experience any lag on ths device It gvs a feeling that you are using a very expnsive mobile!! :) very happy with 525. truly classic
I bought the phone for my dad, and its very user friendly for him. He is very much accustomed now with the phone. Good product Nokia. Also very fast delivery of Flipkart.
The Lumia 525 is available for Rs 8900. If you’re not bothered about a front-facing camera and LED flash, the 525 is the best >10k phone in the market. There’s no Android phone in this price segment that can offer such fluid user-experience, camera interface, maps and navigation. The phone costs Rs 1500 more than the 520. This obviously leads to a question as to which phone is a better buy? The answer is that if you enjoy gaming, you should go ahead with the 525 as it not only comes with upgraded RAM, but also Rs 2000 worth free games. Otherwise, it makes sense to get the Lumia 520 and save a few hundred rupees.
Overall, I satisfied with the mobile performance. Pros: 1. Good Display 2. Good Camera 3. Good Speed.(no hanging issues while doing multi tasking) 4. Internal Memory 8 GB + Skydrive 7GB + auto backup of photos 5. Almost all famous apps are available for Windows Cons: 1. Heating issues when i surf & play games (within less time get heated). 2. functionality is not completely available related to memory management. 3. Battery (could have been more.) Eagerly waiting for Windows 8.1 update
Android is best in it's class, it's more user friendly. Windows phone is just far far away from user friendly. Go for Android and not windows!!
its a great windows phone.Instead of using android phone i would choose this phone.:):):):):):):):):):)
Plus Points: 1. Best 5 MP Camera 2. Windows 8 ( Upgradable to Windows Phone 8.1) 3. 4 Inches Screen 4. Low Price 5. Internal Storage: 8 GB 6. HD Recording 7. IPS Super Sensitive Display 8. MS Office 9. Lookwise Awesome 10. Lag Free 11. 1 GB RAM 12. BEST FOR GAMING UNDER 10000/- 12. S4+ Snapdragon Dual Core Processor Drawbacks: 1. No front camera 2. No Flashlight Highly Recomended.
Pros: 1. Awesome build quality from Nokia. 2.Super Sensitive Scratch Resistance Display 3.One of the best 5MP camera on the market 4.Premium OS from Microsoft 5.No lag what so ever 6. 8GB internal storage 7. S4+ dual core snapdragon processor 8. Great Gaming Experience 9. 1GB RAM 10. Windows Phone 8.1 Upgardable Cons: 1. No flash
Bought this beauty after 2 years on android phone. I do agree that google store is great, but the basic functionality even unlocking of the phone is not smooth in sub 10K phones. I have been using this phone for past 2 months for calling, whatsapp and occasionally internet. Pros: - Simple Interface - Smooth UI - 1GB of RAM - PRICE [ I bought it for 8600 in flipkart ] Cons: - the only downside is app store needs a lot of improvement If u are basic smartphone user like calling, whatsapp and occasionally internet this is THE PHONE to go for. But, if you are inclined towards apps and gaming you can give this phone a skip. Giving it a four star only because for the Windows app store
Hello flipkart, Firstly thanks to deliver product in given time. About phone no problem ever except extra hot during playing games and can't get proper range of FM. Thank You Rahul
I have earlier used android Xperia L; compared to it I found its touch butter smooth windows OS is also very good. Battery is better. everything is there. i dont need front camera and duel sim; so i found this mobile the most complete and perfect!!
A great phone that can easily match up to android based phones and even do better. At this price range, its a steal.
I purchased this for my GF as her first smartphone. I knew she will not be happy complex Android security measures. So I thought of this one as it will be more secure for her and also has perfect screen for her small hands :) :D, and a good GPU and Ram for Mid end gaming, and this is coming from a hard core Android user, which is a really big Deal. 7/10 from my perspective. Camera is somewhat on the darker side in low light, also front facing camera and Gorilla Glass would have been awesome. If you want what I wanted, that is security and Mild user experience with good gaming under 10k then go for this, or if you can increase ur budget a little go for Moto G !!!
I have been using since 2 months. No issues. Pros: excellent performance with 1GB ram when u use internet. Expandable memory. Good look and feel. worth full within budget Cons: No Flash. No Front Camera. Average battery backup. If you browse continuously, discharge speed is bit fast.Hardly 3 hours as its using 1430 mAh battery.
it very good phone, with smart features like faster net, battery, ram, etc. good looking. from my point of view it is better much than android.
You can't see your folder on SD card,can't manage folder previously installed or by pc and many mor op issues
Amazing phone and flipkart's great delivery time :) The phone by itself is very sturdy, having fallen a couple of times ranging between 2 feet to 10 feet! It has always been great to use and I've never had a problem with it
Bought 525 three months ago and I am happy with the performance. You can never ever get a Windows 8 smartphone with this price. The only thing I am unhappy is only about the apps. Especially Whatsapp. We can’t send music files into Whatsapp. Can upload videos only if we have saved it to “Camera Roll” folder. We can’t get that aesthetic looks of Whatsapp that we see in an android phone in Windows phone. Most of the apps in Windows’ store are not updated. If you are tight in your budget YOU should GO for LUMIA 525!!!
its performance is good..and got it at a cheaper price..plus got it on time hope to order more cellphones in future.
I have always been a buyer of nokia due to their awesome hardware quality but this time i had to buy a new budget smartphone but i was confused between android and windows phone 8. As , i saw the upcoming update (lumia cyan or 8.1) to come on which is really gonna make nokia to stand beside ios and android with awesome features. The games just run awesome on this phone and with 1 gb ram you don't have to worry for atleast one year.Touch is fluid and so much quality games and apps on windows store which will make you to buy this phone and a fat ass memory card. Go for it !
This piece of mobile is a real value for money, justified by all means. and even at this price nokia is giving u a very sturdy camera which has great quality snaps even in low light, n mark this it has no flash. n having a 1gb ram in its hood is real advantage when u play high defi games like asphalt airborne and etc. go for it..strongly recommended.
This phone don't even lag a bit even after going through a hard gaming session . apps in windows are quite good for a starter like me ... windows need to improve a lot in this dept. all apps consumes a lot of space and it will be installed only in your phone memory . Screen {5 stars) the promised gameloft games are absent in my handset. a preinstalled railrush was only there . camera clarity is good. (but don't even think of taking a photo at night) From android to windows changeover is a difficult task .
Using this phone for over a month. Its a very good phone, quick operations, has decent battery life, its best phone in this price range, Nokia built quality is great & tough, on the top of it wp 8 rocks.... Super like...
Lumia 525 with 1gig of Ram is the best entry level windows phone. Led flash and front facing camera are the only draw backs.
I already used this product for 2 months... But the most interesting thing is that the phone doesn't hang not even for once. this is the device which make my world..
Product was very good. on time delivered. happy with the flipkart service. but the worst part is after buying the price of the phone dropped to 8700.i have bought it for 9600.. one that much of reduction.. i am bit un happy.
Its an awesome product. Good looking and super fast. Best phone in this range i love this phone camera and battery backup.
Very nice strong mobile from mobile nice camera an daps good music everyone around u will be in love with the phone... A must buy if searching for a budget phone
I was going for my first smartphone and nokia lumia 525 was my first choice. I am personally prefer windows OS over android and so this product was exactly the one I was looking for. The phone is a great value of money, the 1 GB RAM allows various apps to function more efficiently and smoothly. Finally the flipkart service and customer support was extraordinary. I was really impressed by service of flipkart.
its the best phone at this price,I think its far better than all the android phones with price of sam range as of this.The phone will not hang anywer and touch screen quality is excellent.Video quality is gud and can play 720p videos and all format videos except flv and mkv.But one thing battery back up is an issue bcas battery will die after nearly 7 to 8 hrs if u use internet at a stretch.Camera quality is also decent but low light capturing is nt poosible as it is not having a flash...overall it is the best with the price tag!!!!
I am using this phone , it is good but I am lucky becoz I got It from Flipkart and They never store the BAD phone in their website.
Once again...great delivery by Flipkart!! This is the best device that can come under 10,000..with windows phone 8, which the most fluidic and responsive of all mobile OSes. With 8.1 update...it will get even better..Action Center, Tile Background, Cortana and what not...go for this one...you will never regret..!!
some games likes subway surfers are hanging on lumia 525.but have greater graphics..im satisfied with this service for the faster delivery...................................................................................................................................................................
Bought it for my Dad, was looking for a smart phone within range with basic features. Ordered black one and received it on time. Neatly packed. Easy to use, was able to customize the front screen. Thanks to 1GB ram, some heavy games run quite smoothly.
I was an android user before using this phone and wanted to try something new. After doing a fair bit of research over internet i finally decided to buy Nokia Lumia 525. After using this phone for more than a month i must say i have not seen any sort of lag in the phone. Facebook works just perfect. Whatsaap also works fine. There is a bit of lag while opening whatsapp chat window but the lag is only of a second or 2. Gmail....yahoo....youtube...everything just works perfect without any problem. Camera clarity is nice during day light. Not so good during night. It does not have flash and secondary camera hence no video calling. Games like temple run, Asphalt run without any lag. Battery backup stays for 24hours. Overall a perfect Smartphone. You are getting a decent smartphone from a brand like NOKIA with almost all the features and that too at 9000rs its a worth buy.
The battery backup of the device is downright poor. Almost in the bottom 30% of all smartphones. There have been issues with data connectivity. The ultimate solution to that was restarting the phone, which is not helpful. Overall, a bad user experience.
NICE PHONE AND NICE FEATURES .INITIALLY HAD A TROUBLE.BUT LATER ON QUIET GOOD.CERTAIN OPTIONS LIKE USER RINGTONE,BLUETOOTH,MEMORY CARD OPTIONS ARE QUIET DIFFICULT TO USE..FOR EACH N EVERTHING APPLICATION IS TO BE INSTALLED.. IT WOULD BE BETTER IF FEW FEATURES ARE IN BUILT IN PHONE.. HEARD ABOUT WINDOWS OS 8.1 FOR ALL WINDOWS PHONE .FEATURES ARE NICE IN 8.1.WAITING FOR UPDATE.
NICE PHONE AND NICE FEATURES .INITIALLY HAD A TROUBLE.BUT LATER ON QUIET GOOD.CERTAIN OPTIONS LIKE USER RINGTONE,BLUETOOTH,MEMORY CARD OPTIONS ARE QUIET DIFFICULT TO USE..FOR EACH N EVERTHING APPLICATION IS TO BE INSTALLED.. IT WOULD BE BETTER IF FEW FEATURES ARE IN BUILT IN PHONE.. HEARD ABOUT WINDOWS OS 8.1 FOR ALL WINDOWS PHONE .FEATURES ARE NICE IN 8.1.WAITING FOR UPDATE.
As a user of both the lumia 520 and 525, I can say with confidence that the extra amount you pay for the 525 is nothing when compared to the performance improvements. It is worth it.
nice phone, good for gamers. i ordered it on 30th march 2014. best price, compared to other shopping sites. got product delivered on time
I like this phone very much. It has all the features.... Learning about the configuration takes time, but after that it is helpful. For example, I thought I can't copy the old SIM contacts to micro sim contacts. But there is one application available in this Nokia phone, which can easily copy the contacts...
Decent smartphone.Value for money. Quality hardware. Understated. Windows 8 meets the average users' needs. Nokia music is awesome. However, windows OS has to go a long way.
Phone is excellent at thus price point.Applications are running pretty smoothly.Only thing i am missing is a flash.
It's not even been a month since I bought this phone and it has been so easy and simple to navigate and use so many features. There are a variety of apps too. Looks good, got a nice pouch to go with it that makes it safe and comfortable to use. Very happy with my purchase.
i gave 5 star, its design,looks, features and its performance is better as compared to Lumia 520, camera application is awesome, supports x-box games, no hang , disv. no flash light, and vd calling
I am writing this review after using the mobile for almost two months, I did not encountered any problem still now Windows has proved its worthy in multitasking compared with any other devices in the market in this price range I Love this device for its speed and clarity of display the only short fall.is no secondary camera and flash flash for main camera Rest all its Superb Mobile
Well I am using this phone for last one month and it is really the best phone in this price. The only problem with it is that of heating. It heats a lot even on light uses like browsing.
superb, I always prefer this site while shopping online because you can be rest assured abt the genuine product and price.
Got this product on Friday and impressed by its looks. Touch sensitivity is superb and with its 1 GB RAM you can play almost any game. The mobile gaming experience with this product have gone further. A little issues with the volume which can't be set separately for ringing, alarm,music the volume that u set is same.But no worries it will get fixed in WP 8.1 update. Very Happy by owning this product!!
Value for money. Does everything a smartphone in the range of 12 to 15 k would do. Flipkart delivery and pricing was great as always. Go for it.
after taking so many research on many mobile of variant company....finally i found this as awesome...the phone in best in this price....it has 1Gb RAM ..so the phone is run so smoothly....... I got what i was looking for , everything is in this phone lyk Here maps , Nokia music store ( unlimited songs play & download ) , social apps n spclly MS office for which i was luking for... Thank to Flipkart/WS Retail for on time delivery..
well i was not a big fan of android or hater of windows....it was just that i was confused about whether to go for the former or the later...one of my friend suggested this and guys believe me this is the best phone for its price...its smooth, never hangs, voice quality is decent and the display is good too, only letback is it doesn't have flash also the camera doens't do justice for its 5MP tag but nonetheless it is decent...also Flipkart you are simply the best...i ordered on friday afternoon and got it on saturday afternoon...
Specs are known to everybody, so I won't go into that. I have been using it for more than 15 days now. And here are the pros and cons - Pros - 1. Price is wonderful for a smartphone which does pretty much everything. 2. I had used Windows Phone earlier, so I had absolutely no issues with any learning curve etc. Overall also, it is a fairly easy to use and understand phone 3. All games are fast enough, including the likes of Asphalt 7 etc. Cons - 1. Switching on/off WiFi, Bluetooth, GPRS etc. is a slow process. The phone takes some time to switch on or off these settings, which I had not expected, given the decent specs of the phone 2. "Here Maps" is something that now seems to be a little off my expectations. You can't change any points on the map while looking for directions. You just have to necessarily follow the entire route which the software is indicating.
pleasant phone in low price range. 1gb ram good camera as compared to 520 lumia but do not expect more features (panaroma is not there).back cover is changed and has a nice finish
The product is Very Good. Its the best phone under 10000/- with 1 GB RAM and a good processor. The touch is also very smooth. Also the delivery time was also very quick from Flipkart.
GOt the phone within the promised timelines. Flipkart at its best as usual with In-a-Day delivery! Windows Phone OS was a pleasant surprise. yeah it took some getting used to, and some basic things that I had taken for granted in Android or Symbian were missing here. but theres always a way around. and for my mom who was the intended end user, the big live tiles and colorful designs were the cherry on the cake. the free music is by far the best feature which everyone can enjoy. if you want a more powerful or enjoyable experience, this basic phone is not for you. within the wp8 lumia family, the 925 is a gr8 option. the bigger and new arrivals 1520, etc.. are big screen extravaganzas for the video lovers. tip: i got an original red back cover separately coz the total was still lesser than getting a red color phone outright!!
Hello pals its a nice fast mobile. Product i recieved is good. Only one problem is there that is from microsoft. "I am not able to update it to Win Phone 8.1" showing error before update now after downloading update.
Nice Lumia phone, this should be you first smartphone and fast delivery by Flipkart got within 24 hours... :-)
I have been using the above product for about three weeks. It's a good mobile to use. Quite user friendly. Battery lasts about one and half days with minimal video usage. I had difficulty in transferring contacts from my previous Nokia N 97 mini. I got it done at a service centre. Flipkart service was good. Delivered before the scheduled date.
The product is good but unfortunately I'm lowering the stars because of the delivery. I have not yet received the delivery two days after the ONE DAY Guarantee! What's the point of a ONE DAY GUARANTEE if they cannot deliver even 2 days after it! Also, the customer care is not able to track the package, I called 5 times. Plus, they keep telling me that it will be delivered within 24 hours. Twice! I could have got it from a local store instead. Pathetic and disappointing service FLIPKART. Will never recommend one day guarantee to anyone.
beleive it or not ... this phone is the best... pros.....1)1gb ram(better than s and s duos2) 2)never lags (unlike lagdroid) 3) touch is more than awesome 4) no problem in updating os(i have windows phone 8.1 and voice assistant cortana is better than siri or google now ) 5) best in class daylight camera 6) like nexus for android nokia for windows as it offers ota updates 6) best in class graphics and processing(all high end games like tr2 , asphalt 8 works without a lag ) 8) apps can b moved to sd card 9) extremely stylish phone (my frns are in awe ... all tis for 10 k) cons.......1)no flash.... and regardung the os war ...... u cant use an android for more than a month without antivirus...this just proves play store has more malware and spyware......i got this phone for my birthday and flipkart delivered it b4 the day given...hats off flipkart
Those who want escapism from android and in this price range this is the best smartphone available. Opted 525 rather than 520 considering gaming in mind and it works, no lagging at all. Do note that it does have only few apps in app store or sometimes none compared to android and for a moment you will be wondering, still you can live. Also you can't transfer videos, no proper file manager. If you are a surfer, will keep the charger near or else it will hold to 2 days easily. Flipkart delivery was excellent. The projected date was near to 1 month, yet the product was delivered in 1 week.
This is my first smart phone and I am enjoying it :) There are few drawbacks like FM quality is not good, no LED flash, no DUAL SIM, no Gorilla glass etc. Overall it is a good package from Nokia with 1GB RAM. If someone is looking for good and reliable smart phone in around 9K range then can think of it.
I am using this phone for last 2 weeks. Very good phone in budget phone range. Performance wise couldn't able to make out much difference when compared to 520. Pros: 1) Avg battery life (Can make out one day; As we can't expect much with 3G performance) 2) Faster performance when compared to the Android phones. 3) Call quality is excellent. Cons: 1) Observed sometimes signal has gone out and the phone goes to no service and comes back in some time. Couldn't able to conclude whether it's phone issue or network issue. 2) Initially I am not able to connect 3G, which is solved by enabling "Flight mode" once and disabling it again. Conclusion: If you are concerned about price, then go for this phone. This is the excellent choice in low price compared to Android phones even in mid-range segment.
I got this phone recently for my fiance, and I am really content with the fast shipping of flipkart. The phone is awesome, considering it is similar to Lumia 520, except for the 1GB RAM, which is why I got it, because that means it wont hang a lot, while installing many apps. I totally recommend to anyone who's looking for a smartphone at a budget price.
This mobile looks very beautiful. 1gb ram is using to multitasking and gaming performance is great.
All my friends asked me not to buy this phone. But i thought Nokia, Microsoft and whole security thing they told. 1. One day my OS crashed n Nokia care reset my OS n now all my purchased s/w , offers given by Nokia are gone n nobody is taking responsibility for it. 2. Now i understand security means - even you don't have access to your data,music,pictures n videos. 3. If you've used android then don't buy it. If it's your first smartphone then you can it because you've never seen all features given by smartphones ;) . 4. It doesn't have even many functionalities of Nokia basic phone as no song as ringtone, click accept on each file of Bluetooth, can't send vCard through msg,delete each video file individually etc. It's a long list. 5. For Facebook n watsapp user, application r worst n never updated. No YouTube,Google's service, games are less in number n less updated in comparison of their android counterpart. 6. For game users it's good but very limited options n games are less updated. No candy crush. a
Delivery done on time as said...very happy with phone...flipkart is the best...windows8 in the next big thing...user friendly...most common apps available...
I would suggest please dont go for it. I never expected this kind of poor device from Nokia. Worst part is Flipkart has refused my request for replacement of the mobile though it was purchased a week back.
Thanks to Flipkart service. This phone getting heat for use few mins (If you playing games, Wifi, etc) even usual usage message call etc. IT will be heated. Otherwise this is very good product. I update to Windows 8.1, This is really awesome. Microsoft rectify all drawbacks from their old version windows. Notification center, tile image, etc. These are come from WP 8.1 Battery backup is OK. Display resolution and 233 ppi Look like very sharp. Processor is ok, even 520 is have same performance i haven't any changes in performance. Ram is 1GB but there is no change in 512 and 1 GB. Gaming performance is awesome. overall If you find alternative phone for Android. You can choose This phone. If you need budget phone, you can prefer Lumia 520 its cost only 7000 RS only. Thankyou
This is a good mobile with all the specification mentioned above. Only Three things can be better - 1.no led flash 2. Back cover is to cheap type 3. Back option didn't work properly rather then a good Lumia from nokia
The phone is nice,its good looking,stylish and comfortable to use.now a days androaid has become very cheap even at Rs.3500/- but if you seek attention its the right smart phone for you.for its features the camera is good,sharp and clear.its fast for its good processor and 1GB ram.but its takes away too much of its battery life.the back of the phone heates up after 10 minutes of constant use.but over all if you want to buy a good smart phone,its yours for the taking.....
very nice product made by nokia initially nokia never made a good touch and a fast phone bt nw d lumia series has a very smooth touch nd a phone which does not get hanged at any point of time
For those who are looking for an alternative to Android phones this is the option. This is an excellent Windows 8 phone under 10K category.I bought it for 9K from WS Retail and that too delivered to my home in 1.5 days. Pros: 1. Excellent build quality: Nokia build quality is easily visible in the black rubberized like back model that I ordered. Easy and comfortable to hold. Far better than those cheap plastic models from Samsung stable. 2. 1 GB RAM: Enough ram to run any kind of heavy duty games and apps while doing multi-tasking. 3. Easy to use: Though I was using Windows 8 for the first time on a mobile, it hardly took any time to configure the phone - WiFi, Office/Personal Mails setup etc. 4. Display: Contents are easily readable under bright sunlight. 5. UI: Decent and simple but needs improvement...hopefully in coming Windows 8.1 Cons: 1. Lack of good and useful apps and games. 2. No front camera and flash for those selfie addicts. 3. Battery backup is OK. Will not last more than 1 to 1.5 days of full use. My suggestion - Go for it from Flipkart (Market showroom price for Black model is still more than 10K)
The remake of Lumia 520, Lumia 525 has same advantages as other windows phones and have 1 GB of RAM which is found only on high end lumias. If front camera and flash are not concerned, this is most value lumia. this lumia can play all the games from Windows Store and have an excellent Nokia build quality and finish. With WP8.1 coming soon, it is an excellent smartphone to rely on.
Hello guys, I'm gonna give u a complete review of lumia 525 in short BUILD QUALITY * Awesome DISPLAY * Awesome * Not bad under sunlight but not too great either( Contents are almost readable) * Cheers to light sensor UI * Decent, simple * 0 lags * Dont expect it 2 be like android * Finding an app from a set of tile apps can be a bit tedious APPS * Much lower in no: compared to android * U can download to PC from store but u need an SD card to install apps on your phone * Gaming apps are not that great (Lower 3D effects, errors, improper rendering) compared to android(), the app developers have to take care about it PERFORMANCE * Awesome for this price * 1GB RAM and adreno 305 enables great gaming abilities * Not much games are available till now but we can hope more will become available soon CONNECTIVITY * Call connectivity and quality are awesome * Limited Bluetooth sharing (Only photos and songs) BATTERY BACKUP * Poor - 2 days with minimal usage ( I had an S Advace, It gave me 4 days backup on average use(avg gaming,music, video,call,msging,no internet/wifi usage) but this gave me only 2 days with low calling& msging, no music/video, played games for 15 mins max,no internet/wifi usage) Camera * Awesome * Could have been the most successful phone in this segment if it had a front cam and a flash * Apps for camera are excellent Security * Super awesome from malicious attacks/contents perspective * No possible hacks available till date * Only password protection is available for now(For user)
One of the Awesome handset from Nokia... Pros- OS is smooth as like iOS Light weight Doesn't even hang Awesome camera Can use Ms office on the go Totally good and useful for a all Cons- No front cam no flash
Great mobile for 9k... only thing, we need video player for all formats:( also lot more new things.. tired of Android... hopefully we get the 8.1 update sooner in india...
have been using the product for 2 weeks.so far excellent.its really good budget phone with good interface.worth the money
super windows phone with 1 gb ram give super experience in game and best windows 8.1 give very good experience
Pros- OS is smooth as like iOS, doesn't even hang Good motion camera Can use Ms office on the go Totally good and useful for a student Cons- No front cam no flash
buying Nokia Lumia 525 was the biggest mistake the day I got it from flipkart and I tried inserting Simcard it sim jack got stuck and when I approached Nokia center they denied for repair they said it can't be covered under warranty ,now I have no other option left please suggest me if any thing can be done but any how Flipkart services and rates are too good you can't find better rate and services anywhere I am disappointed by Nokia but satisfied by flipkart services do try purchasing other products from this site .THE RATINGS ARE FOR FLIPKART ONLY
I recieved from flipkart on cash on delivery. This phone is very good. I am satisfied with performance. I played temple run 1 temple run 2. it is playing nicely. voice quality is very good. I have not come across hang..... So very good phone worth buying it for 9 K.
The price was the lowest among all the online retailers. I had used in-a-day guarantee but the delivery was a day late. Rest all the things were proper. Thank you for the support.
Was a android user previously, Bored of seeing same kind of products in all hands. Thought of having a fresh look hardware and appealing tile look, this is perfect. Even the performance is awesome. Battery back up rocks. Smooth navigation, cont find better phone in this price tag.
Very, very, very goooood phone!!! Very fast and stable!!! Fantastic multitasking. U cant find anything better for this money. Nothing is perfect, so WP have some confusing things (two taps to answer; a lot of taps to save number; if u transfer google contacts to phone, u cant send message if its saved as "phone", u must change "phone" to "mobile" and u get option "SMS contact") but all this little shits will be removed by W8.1.
This phone is better than d nokia lumia 720 which is double d cost of d 525. The nokia lumia is ultimate for gaming as it has 1Gb ram n d 720 just has 512mb which causes d 720 to lag or hang up. But if ur budget is 11,000 then plz do buy d experia M which is almost similar to d 525 but better.
Ordered Nokia Lumia 525 (Black) via WSRetail and the product was delievered within 12 hrs. Very satisfied with product and service. Been using since 1 month without any major problems. The, things i felt were missing/suggestions are: 1. NOKIA - Headphones supplied have no button in them, which helps to change tracks etc. I had to buy a new pair of headphones to use the facility of changing tracks, play/pause music. 2. Flipkart - (i) Please provide an option to search products by Retailer(on Flipkart). Or any option to check the products which a Retailer(on Flipkart) supplies. (ii) Provide option of Login via Google in your app "Flipkart eBooks" as you have provided in Website. App only have options to login via Flipkart account or Facebook account.
Good budget smart phone, good build quality & service assurance of Nokia makes it good choice for budget phone under 10K. Nokia commands a reasonable resale value too. Flipkart as always made me happy with best price and quick delivery in 30 hours of ordering.
Bought this phone today. As i have switched from android to windows, a totally new experience was waiting for me. Firstly, i was facing some problem regarding download from nokia store. It was showing 80090010 error while downloading. After reseting the phone with factory setting finally got rid of that problem. Now working fine. NIce UI and graphics quality in this range.
I receive the product in just 1 day and its working fine till now hope it will work so on . and looking forward to window upgrade to windows 8.1 truly a nice window phone without any lag , as well as lag free gaming even a 1 gb size game works perfectly
Compare to other touch mobile with in 10000 rs it's quite gud than others. Battery life also really good.
Well their is only Ram Difference between 520 and 525 still i must say 525 is awesome in application running.I not faced any problem till date in any manner.Looks is great and when you run application then it runs within 2 seconds.I am absolutely satisfied with the product and it it is a budget phone with great functions.
This is one brilliant buy, the most amazing smartphone under the 10K mark
1st ios bb andro all r different platform, so plese dont compre with windows to android # altogether difffrenet look #build quality good #touch superb #1gb ram so faster #offline maps with navigation r too good what else 1 want expect less...get more....
This is the best phone i've ever bought :D and best under 10k with 1 GB ram :D :D.......i feel windows is the best os than android.
processor display battery ,,,,,,,else are really cool but store contains very few free apps ,,most of them u have to buy..
good product quick delivery and reasonable price I would highly recmmend to buy this productNothing more.Very gud phone in this price range..
I like the model. Specification is great. Flipkart delivery is awesome. Nokia is back with lumia series...... i am very much happy with the mobile....
Good delivery time. Genuine Product. Was delivered in good condition. Phone is good at this price range.
it's simply awesome.the gaming experience is wonderful it did n't get lag at any time whn i use a 3 or 4 apps simultaneously.I love this ohone thanks to Microsoft to give such a wonderful phone
people don't find windows useful..because...they never used it..! once u get to know ur windows..u feel lucky to get this..! the phone i got was well packed..and i got this with not a single defect in hardware as well as software. WS retail rocks..!! :D
The use of bright-coloured polycarbonate has paid off. The back is curved nicely, although the front corners are a bit sharp.The Lumia 525's charger also has a fixed wire, unlike almost every other phone on the market today. For PC syncing there's a separate, but much shorter USB cable. It's powered by a 1GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 Plus, with integrated Adreno 305 graphics. The Lumia 525 is a small, affordable phone with a surprisingly decent camera and plenty of attitude, but not much else going for it. When held up to similarly priced Android phones, it's hard to make a case in favour of Windows Phone, which is why Nokia has capitalised on looks and ease of use.
It is best low budget phone,I got this this with in two days and lower price . Touch and Feel is good. With higher RAM and other features, Battery should have lasted little longer.. Thanks to flipkart
Good product at very affordable price (NOKIA). Touch and Feel is good. With higher RAM and other features, Battery should have lasted little longer...
Hi, I'm now having both Nokia Lumia 520 and 525 so I think am in a position to comment whether 525 really offers anything better than 520. Sadly, the answer in one word is NO. Details below :- 525 might be having 1 GB RAM, but I don't see any improvement in performance in 525 compared to 520. Nokia 520 has an appreciable and irritating lag while opening apps and even when opening whatsapp messages. This lag is there in 525 also. There are some other CON's which are common to both models, such as : 1. Wired handsfree doesn't have a answer button!!! How am I supposed to answer/disconnect the phone? Doesn't it defeat the purpose of a handsfree??? Inspite of connecting the handsfree, you have to take out your phone to answer and disconnect calls!!! Shame on you, Nokia. 2. Data cable is approximately 6" long. Nokia might as well not give a data cable at all!!! 3. Battery life which was woefully low for 520 is even lower for 525. There might be minor enhancements in 525 such as Bluetooth v4 vis-a-vis v3; Lumia color profile; DLNA etc. But tell me, does the average user really require Bluetooth v4? And how many users have any use of DLNA? And do you really require Lumia Color Profile (which allows you to make minor adjustments to the colour tones of the display) ? Bottomline :- The extra 512 MB might be helping the dedicated gamers to play some games which may otherwise not work on the 520. Aside from that, I see absolutely no reason why anyone should pay approx 2k more to buy the 525 over the 520. Thanks for reading and hope this helps.
one the best site to place the order n the Nokia lumia 525 handset is also beautiful . best features easy to operate.
Good , but the cost is more ten thousand three hundred rupees rather than nine thousand three hundred rupees.
Best delivery...In one day flipkart sent this...Everywhere this costs 9500 Rs but here I got it for 9100 Rs...Flipkart amazingly dependable about authenticity no doubt...They even sent me a list of service center near my address...Just wow
I ordered this phone on 4 apr at 12.40 noon & received within 24 hrs in standard delivery. This is only expected from flipkart. Further this lumia phone is super fast in-terms of net speed & multitasking. After 2 days of use I can say this is the best phone under 10 k. If u can ignore big 5" screen & front camera, this phone can beat any android phone with 1 GB ram. Go for it without any second thought.
Battery life - average. Display, Camera, Touch, Speed - good. User friendly OS, ease of operation, file manager - not there. Phone's hardware is very good. However body is not so strong with rubbrish back cover. Take windows phone only if you specifically want windows. otherwise take android. In category of windows phones, it is very good product at its price.
Hi Everybody, Got this phone 4 weeks back. Got it after an extensive review from flipkart and you tube for the product. Best phone for the price range of 10-12k. Best Pros: Nokia Mix Radio, Here Maps and Here Drive working offline, Nokia Camera, Apt fitting size for one hand use and shirt pocket, Connect to facebook updates from contacts, Cons: Dim Display, Fluctuating Dim-Bright display, Ok battery Life, Some best rated apps from android must have been there. Front camera Overall : Satisfied
Absolutely value for money product from Nokia. No lag while conducting operation. Good for light users. 1 GB RAM is more than enough to run multiple applications. More of a utility phone.
Watch a video on youtube . You will see that windows,apps start much quickly than android ones . And,now,microsoft is launching .NET NATIVE AND SO APPS WILL RUN 60 PERCENT FASTER . all importand,apps are available,in Windows . soon,wimdows 8apps will run on wp8 and vice versa
Windows Mobile Better then Android Received. Good Mobile Very Easily and Touching Really Fantastic..Awesomeness Gamming Experience..Camera Was Good impressive.Video Quality Better then Samsung Mobile..But Big Problems in Browser Downloading. Last Lumia525 Really Unique Smart phones.. Flipcart Ultimately
Nokia Lumia 525 is truly superb phone and especially feels a lot faster & better after prolonged usage of Samsung smartphones.
Beat budget phone, once again nokia showed their quality by upgrading lumia 520 to 525, great phone with well equipped features. I suggest to everyone who are aiming for 10k budget. Though the OS does not provide large variety of apps, it is trying its best to improvise it. There is no shortage for essential apps, what i like the most is that, there is no slight lag even 5-6 apps are used simultaneously. Best mobile.... again flipkart showed its excellence in delivery and customer satisfaction.
i bought this phone one week before, it looks very good, but it is little bit more difficult to operate, and also the battery back up is very bad.also lot of features missing from android mobiles like can't connect it with computer using data cable
A couple of observations (mostly cons as others have covered pros): The battery hardly lasts around 20 hours with WiFi on all the time(less than 520). There is no option to optimize energy consumption like turning off vibration for back button etc. Waiting for 8.1 update on 525.
Hi, i brought lumia 525 on march 18th,good packing. till now i did not get any issues with the phone, but i noticed slight heat will charging, i trust(WS RETAIL) I bought nearly 6 items form this retailer till now i did not get any issues with the products . i refer (WS RETAIL) the best.
I recently purchased Nokia Lumia 525 from Flipkart and it was delivered in next 2 days. Awesome product.
It is the best phone for the price of Rs. 10000, easy to use, better touch screen, 1 GB RAM, 8 GB storage, Game play without any lag, battery life is good. What else do u need at this price????
I had proble with my nokia 520, which has only 512mb of RAM. but Nokia Lumia 525 really cares of gamers like us. i got this phone just before 15 days. its really amezing. fast and fabzzz... :) :) we can play any HD video with Nokia Lumia 525. still no any problems. battery life is enough good. and super attractive design.. :) :)
Good simple phone.. Good to use and super gaming with it ... Buy it guys for normal use .. For camera it is 720p good Sound is also good ...
Really an awesome product by Nokia. Its an amazing gaming experience with 1 gb of RAM. Touch screen is really good. Even I can take a great picture with 5 MP camera. Here Its a lot of fun with windows phone 8. I really love my Lumia 525. It is the best phone within 10K budget. If your budget is 10 K then don't think about any other product. Just go for Lumia 525.
best phone in nokia Lumia series. good delivery by flipkart. 1 GB ram is additional compare with nokia lumia 520.
Pretty good phone at this price. 1 gb RAM does make a big difference. Windows rock! It syncs with my laptop which has windows 8 as well. Overall awesome!
- Shopping Experience was great as Always - Phone is Good.. Speed is Good because of 1 GB RAM, Camera is also good and with Camera360 App.. it gives great click experience. - Windows 8 Experience.. hmm if you have used iPhone/Android before.. then it's not user friendly as others. (might be it's new for me so ..)
This phone is very good comparing to other android phones eg. Samsung, micromax, karbons are available but this is branded and trustfull phone. And all problems of windows phone will be removed in next 8.1 update. It Can also run all hd games and apps.
Phone performance is good and and most of the required apps are available for free. comming to os there some issues but hope microsoft will fix those soon
As usual flipkart is rocking for delivery. I received this item before they mentioned delivery date. Delivery was awesome and packed well. I started using this mobile and I feel is amazing.
What a superb delivery by ws retail, delivered before their promising date. fascinating mobile , what a wonderful performance. Loved this windows fone worth of money.
It is nice buying products here.. but shipping was bit late, neva mind product was good n fine, packing was maintained with safety, rest was fantastic n good.. pricing n all is much better.. i hope this is a good shopping website for gadgets.. i had a gr8 experience.. Thank you flipkart :)
This phone is totally awesome. Because of 1GB RAM and S4 processor it can play all high end graphics intensive games. No lag at all. Camera is far better than any mobile under 15k. Battery lasts for 1 day, no problem of heating. The speakerphone is fairly loud. Don't go for lagroid. It is good for a month or two then it will lag will hell. Nokia's here maps and here drive are totally awesome. With Nokia Music we can download thousands of songs free. I'm more than satisfied with the Nokia Lumia 525. I recommend this awesome phone.
smooth touch, bright crystal clear display, games play without any lag, wish there cud be a camera flash. Brilliant phone.
A good phone and good operating system. Value for money. Windows OS integration with Microsoft Login works well and most convenient.
the phone contains almost all thing that anyone needs.the games graphics is awesome.the phone is awesome.the budget is also good.but the problem is only one that it does not contains google play apps but much more.
I wonder why WS retail not selling Lumia 525, where as lumia 520 is available in their store and even 525 was also available few days back... But the phone is very good.
Good Phone, only the front camera is not there, if you don't do much video calling it is ok. the phone has good processor and gaming is fun on it. touch is nice overall a value for money phone.
Great phone its fast and most important that camera , its only 5 mp still awesome picture quality .................................................................................................
Hi, im using this from 20 days onwards. Every thing is nice but have some defects like their is no led notification for any missed calls or messages. Even camera is nice but without flash light it wasn't clear images in dull light. The most disappointed thing is Battery life it is working less than a day. I would like to say to Nokia that please increase the battery life to work the phone with out interruptions. Remain every thing like software,games,interface, every thing is nice in this budget. I have an awesome experience with the gaming and music.
I would like to ask abt the camera of this set, specialty to the current user of this phone (Nokia Lumia 525). Are the photos and video recordings captured by this set clear on desktop, laptop or the devices which have more bigger screen as well as having more resolution?
this is 'The device' for.....Camera features are really very amazing specially the Panorama and the Cinemagraph features......gaming capability is great you can go for amazing races and chases, but the device doesn't hinders............you can do a lot of office work with this......we can also give a ppt presentation from any where in the room.......you just have to sync this with the laptop.......i have checked these two features and they are really very great....i doubt any other device is giving these features in this price range and this is the smart phn......
Nokia devices are best in quality, but some day if unfortunately you buy a defective piece then your life will become hell. Nokia customer care is worst in service. They do not listen to you and make sure not to give you any replacements unless you go to customer care. They treat every problem in their device as miss handling by customer.
The phone is really good with excellent features.It is better to buy the phone.The flipkart service is really good,they delivered my item within 2 days
the phone so handy. touch is so smooth than any other phone.game play is also nice. apps can be installed in sd card with the help of your pc(not all apps)-so storage problem can be solved easily. game play is nice with the help of 1gb ram. something that is not fullfill my wish, is the camera without flash. over all this is a worthbuying phone with 1gb ram-that's enough
Camera could be more better. maps could not transferred to SD card hence consuming lots of internal memory.
flash is problem.every thing okkk.camera quality awesome. internal memory should be more .best to buy smartphone .apps also good .
Filpkart did it again....on time and great product. I am happy with this phone and its performance. Good for entry level
Hi..i brought this phone from nokia prority @ 9800....excellent pone...wont disaapoint new smartphone user.. About complaints people have.. 1) Screen----- yes u have to be bit more carefull...just like other smart phone 2) ringtone can be changed through phone itself..no need to connect it to computer 3) NO led.....if its already mentioned about no led...then it can be a complain....go for a higher version 4) 1 GB ram ....make the phone smooth....very smooth.. 5) Price is higher in flipkart in comparison to other website..
+ 1GB RAM + Faster than Lumia 520 +Windows 8 OS + Simple And Creative Layout +Integrated Hands-free Speakers + price=rs. 9601 Flipkart / WS Retail : As always excellent service, great packaging quick delivery. Thank you
This is my first review on Flipkart and it's for all those friends there who are planning to purchase the Lumia 525 or Lumia 520. The screen on these phones will break easily even if you drop it from a waist or lower height. I accidentally dropped by brother's lumia 520 and the screen shattered into a million pieces :(. Now coming to replacement, warranty doesn't cover cosmetic damages. Touch screen digitizer replacement costs around 2k+ and you won't get the feel of the original screen. Apart from this issue the device is good and people who are moving from other OS needs time to get accustomed to Windows 8. If you can afford a little more go for the Moto G which comes with Corning Gorilla Glass 3, way better display and good battery life.
good product to buy, high quality nokia, nice service of flipkart, buy it with confident....look is good, price wise affordable and also nokia gaming offer
Bought Lumia 525 @ Rs 9800 Pros: 1. The speed is just awesome.....! 2. Surfing Net is really fast and cool...! Cons: 1. Poor UI for Apps (Worst possible Whatsapp GUI :P) 2. No single separate thing for all notifications 3. Heating Issues 4. No direct access to phone memory. Not even to save contacts in phone memory 5. No shortcuts (for Wifi, brightness etc) 6. Apps are of still mediocre level as compared to Android. Very less to offer #Windows_OS \m/
excellent product from nokia and windows at this price point,speed ispar with 20 k phones,games playing smoothly,very good browsing speed,build quality is top notch,elegant and sleek design,real value for money with the inclusion of snapdragon s4 chipset,adreno 305 gpu,and krait dual core cpu,even moto g has only cortex cpu,kriat is much better cpu than cortex
Temple run game is not running properly...it irritates... Wifi connection connection is also slow...downloading time more than compared to other sets...
Had a great experience in using this phone. I recommend it to every one bcoz it is the combination of NOKIA (Expert in Hardware) & Microsoft (Top in Software) Pros:- Microsoft Office Battery Life Sound Quality 8GB internal Memory for apps Snapdragon MSM8227 and Adreno 305 Never Lags like ANDROID and never uses much RAM Nice Camera quality but without Flash. Lumia Black Update Cons:- No Secondary Camera and Flash Less in apps. I require very less apps to use. Bcoz i am not interested in games much. All necessary apps are available for the platform. So, it is highly recommended to go for it at such low price with 2025Rs Gameloft games free.
hi every one .the phone is pretty good.the pricing is slightly high bt it surely deserves. leave that android crap .all the major apps and games are now available in windows too.sure windows gonna push down tha android soon. there are some minor issues some apps.bt al the issues are in apps and not in this phone. coming to the camera performance, smart cam feature is the best camera feature a smart phone can have.it rocks man. dont run behind samsung .al r crap ,i really hate to have a android mobile.they have many apps ,bt who cares .all are nw available here.pretty cheap .go for it.u will sure enjoy the customisation .
i have been a user of nokia since nokia 6600..:P...i bought it 5days ago...due to lagging in all games...i replaced the device and still i am facing the same problem with new device and nokia care said it will take 10-15 days to repair the set. . .soo tht means i spent 10k to get a repairing of brand new product. . . .don't go for it. . .
amazing worth the price and pretty sturdy stuff....i love it,Batts are lillet down, they drain fast i see my normal usage , giving me 14-15 hours.. n m not a gamer , but then wat u see is the best in price in term ofdurability the calls os OS and the Nokia reliability shows when u use it.
Its a awesome device. great speed while exploring apps. great touch sensor and brilliant performance. i selected this after a lot study and comparison between Nokia, Samsung, Sony and i found best as Lumia 525 in this specification and price range. i bought it at 9600 from Nokia Priority Shop. when money also matter so why to pay even a single more penny :P.. go for this.. great mobile device and truly much more than worth to money.. window phone rocks
I didnt but,it from flipkart but am arthik tung review coz d phone s,worth of,it. Cool design ui looks very posh.. With 525 am using a note,2. Cant compare both but both r ylunique in der own way, before 525 I was using 520 with 512 MB ram I installed more den 25 apps thou, the phone never lagged s lo decided to 525 which was,luanched with 1gb ram. Performance is just awesome I have installed 12 games & 20 apps syltil phone is very responsive never lagged,
frnds nokia will surely cut down the cost as they r planning to launch android os phone so surely lumia with a flash would have been a better option ..... everybody talks of front camera but who uses very few in no i think u so .... this phone is awesome but wait till march prices of lumia will go down ,,,, 525 is an awesome phone but nokia waal 720 mein bas ram increase kar do dekho kya hota hai even if 720 with 1 gb ram will cos around 18k it will be the best choice
The BEST smartphone you can buy at this budget and the build and quality feels MUCH more than the price. It comes inbuilt with a an outstanding 8 GB internal memory and to be the icing on the cake-it comes with great gaming performance. The camera is a little on the downside with low light images looking greenish,but the sheer accessibility and productiveness of the 360 Camera and Smart Camera makes up for this shortcoming. Downloads take much less time than in an Android because of sheer software strength. It beats all Android phones in its range.
I just bought the phone on jan30 2014 its really amazing there is not even a single lag. It is really good. Game quality is very good. Camera in daylight is unbelievable its completely awesome.A must buy phone for 10K budget.
for you nokia lumia 525 is best. i m using 720. browsing experience is one of the best in windows phone.
I recently switched from android phone to this one. And let me tell you it is too good. Touch and interface is mindbogglingly smooth to use. Typing messages and long emails are child's play. Also internet speed is superfast. Camera is 5MPx but better than most of crappy samsung phones camera. Does not lag at all while even playing 3d games. Must buy phone.
Even though this phone has satisfactory battery life like other smartphones....Turning off wifi,bluetooth,location tracking when not using them will help increase battery life even more.
This phone is very good but the price should be around 9000 rupees other features are also very good such as camera apps, games,features and many more
Im using this device since a week, Its really an awesome device, 1GB RAM makes it very snappy & touch is very responsive. Major issue was the battery backup, Being a 3G user the phone couldn hold up for more than 6-8hrs before shutting off, This could pose a problem if one is travelling. Recently I saw AMKETTE POWER BANK 5200mAh in a shop & bought it for 1850/- Its really a nice powerbank with 5 layers of protection + 5200mAh samsung lithium-ion battery which means phone is absolutely safe & powerful. Now its a great experience with lumia 525, ( powerbank can charge my phone for almost 3 1/2 times) SO GUYS IF U WANNA EXPERIENCE LUMIA 525 WITH FUN THEN GET A POWER BANK WITH IT.
Firstly, I was about to buy Lumia 520, but when this was announced, I waited, and I finally have it in my hands XD The look and feel of the black matte finish is pleasing, I suggest people to go for that, it has a classy look to it. Coming to WP8 and the apps, the app store has increased with lots of apps, I didnt have any difficulty with setup and OS, it is butter smooth unlike android. Even S Duos 2 in the same price range as this can't even match this phone. It was one of my earlier choices. One thing that you all should take note of: no flash and front facing cam. It isnt a bother to me as I'm a school-going student of Class 9 and wanted a great budget phone for 10k. The OS is light on the hardware and memory. I got out about 4.5 GB of memory from the 7.2 onboard for my usage. Even the OS integration is very good. You will face NO LAG whenever you use this phone. So, to conclude, for this range, this is the BEST. But if you will to go for Lagdroid (Android), with lag, go for S Duos 2 with almost same specs + flash and VGA FRONT CAM. But if that isnt your concern and if WP8 suits you, go with this. A negative star for flipkart for taking more time (Ordered sunday got it on thursday)
Not like samsung, these guys in nokia understood indian market very well, Now, another feather in their cap. This mobile phone going to steal the market. Yes, they know the need of the hour. Cool, feature rich, you get updates on the air and moreover their customer care (Nokia care) is everywhere and I strongly recommend this handset for all. Gaming is fast too
pros 1.super sensitive touch screen 2. good camera. 3. beautiful look. 4.fast processing. 5.strong back cover 6.fast charging. cons- 1. heats up early. 2.missing flash (this point should not be in the review as buyer already know while buying) 3
Is there any sort of network problem in this.i just purchased lumia last day and there is a lot of network problem in this or this is due to my sim.
Phone is pretty good but wait for the prices to come down.I have enquired about the prices in open market and it is available for 9400/ there.prices should come down to 8000/ within few weeks to make this phone unbeatable in this price range. i have just bought this phone yesterday from gaffar market with bill for 9200/- great phone.there is no lag in the few games i have played till now.
good but lacking in a little features which are not too much exposed. gudd ram nd processor. but the colours are different
