MOBDSVFSSESFS9YR
Dont believe what other's Say ZTE is a multinational company and their products are well know abroad . I bought this one for my wife .Its splendid . PROS : Battery : Lasts up to 2.5 to 3 Days on normal usage with 3G on all the time. Screen : Very good and responsive with excellent clarity. Camera : Good and so is the front cam. Sound Quality : Buy separate good quality headset , the one provided is not good enough. CONS : Weight : Pretty heavy Camera : Could have been better , there is a slight lag when u move the camera while taking a picture It is as good as Moto G and the price is also very less. Antutu Showed a score of 10k.
I have Used This Mobile Since Past 9 Months(Bought it directly from a Chinese Retailer). No Hangs. 2 Days Battery with easy Multitasking. Lots Of Custom Roms Available at needrom website for zte V967s Best Buy At Pricepoint 6-7K
Phone is really great for the amount paid. Few things that are worth mentioning: Like: Fluid UI and smooth Video playback Plays casual games with ease Great 5 inch screen with qHD resolution great battery life that lasts around 2.5 days of moderate usage. Decent wifi connectivity never dropped signal once. good outdoor camera with good sharpness and very little chromatic aberration variety of custom roms available on xda and needrom Cons Bit heavy, needs getting used to GPS is average. Locking is a bit slow but pretty accurate Overall its definitely more than worth the money spent. Buyers Remorse: Absolutely sucks that I bought it for 7k and now its being sold for 6k. :(
The best ever smartphone among mobile models of Quad Core processor, 8 MP rear camera, 5 inch screen, 1 GB RAM, 2 GB Internal Memory and 32 GB expandable memory. More worth than the money you spend to buy it.
price is very high for this product 1. camera hangs every time 2. audio jack is horrible 3.picture quality is bad 4.high quality games hang sometimes 5.screen resolution is bad i think the price should be lower than its original price
Excellent phone Some pros and cons are :- 1.pros-- a) display quality is impressive b) high end spec at this price ...and really good parts 2.cons-- a) camera is good but not like 8 mp ...but still its really good b)the touchpad is sometimes a little unresponsive...but that's 1 in a 1000 times
I bought this phone for Rs.6000 from flipkart. It worth the price and I'm totally satisfied from it. Don't know why white color variant is being sold at higher price. All the things mentioned in specs are correct and playing games like subway, temple run etc with no issue. Battery backup is also good. Only cons is camera. although its written 8MP but doesn't give that quality. but its OK with the cost of the phone. Outdoor pic quality is good. I will give it 5 stars. Thanks
camera is super low light images are also average but clear gud battery backup remains for 2 days of average usage display quality is super final is u can buy this prouct i really loved it
mast hai sr........camer i awesame........it dont hang......its good 4 software engineer chep and best have service center in pullincunnu...............
ZTE grand x lite says it has 8mp camera but actually it poor than a 3mp camera.total waste of money. Performance is ok . I'm not happy with this mobile.
Thia is a Robust phone with good battery backup. This can be far better co.comparing with M..max; Charcoal etc etc.
i got this mobile from chinese online stores in sep 2013, before it came to india,and still using it,the mobile is excellent,without giving any problem.the battery back up is excellent,lasts for 1.5 days even now also.i have never seen any mobile with this battery back in the market. PROS: 1.Good Large and clear display. 2.Excellent battery back up. 3.No heating CONS: 1.Averge camera 2.Heavy to hold in hand. 3.Flip cover and case not available.(screen protector available in local market)
All the features you get for which other brands charge 2-3 times of its price. Go for it. Only 3 minor cons: 1; Little Heavy With sturdy build quality, can live with it. 2. Camera lag is there when you move it, still photos are good 3. Cover and case not easily available.
i purcased it from flipkart at 5990/- the phone was quite good .the feature i like : nice battery life 2days,clear display,no lags .the phone is best at this price range . the thing i hate about phone is its camera ...both cameras are poor ..although its written that it is 8MP. but it seems to be 2MP.A and so is the case with the front camera . u''ll get no accesories for it ...like cover cases,screen guard even head phones !!
I'm using it for last 3 weeks & well satisfied with it. At Rs.5990/- it's the best deal. Pros : Battery back up is good. It will last 2 days Supports USB OTG. No lag. Free flip cover which is not mentioned. Cons : Little heavy. but OK
I have been using this phone around a month. I was looking for Redmi 1S for my mom. But since it was very difficult to get one, I started looking for any other phone with same spec and price. Then I found ZTE (slightly bigger than Redmi 1S). Let me tell you ZTE is also one of the big mobile & data card manufacturer in china and you can definitely rely on their product since its not a new brand in the mobile industry. I went through lot of reviews in youtube and then I also called their customer care toll free to check if it exist and to my wonder the guy at customer support was very well spoken and humble to answer my queries. Finally I bought the phone (white version) for 5.8K. I liked the phone so much that I started using the phone for myself. Will wait for the price drop to buy another one for my mom. In the box: Handset A very good flip cover Ear Phone - Not that good for music but for calling its pretty decent. Charger Data Cable 2500 MAH battery and no screen guard however the temporary screen guard which comes pre fitted is also good. Manual Both SIMs take normal size SIMs . Sim1 is 3G and Sim2 is Edge Comes with a different browser very much similar to Chrome but a bit better Pros: 1. Excellent screen and very vivid 2. Very good touch and no lag 3. Processor is pretty good. I could play Frontline comando, Raging Thunder without any lag 4. Sound from both speaker and ear piece is very good, however I installed MTK engineering app to tweak the sound to fullest 5. It seems stock android but they have tweaked some settings 6. 3D weather widget (with a sheep moving) is awesome 7. It has got a LED notification and there is option to choose color of LED but in real it will either light Green or Red 8. Another good feature is DayDream, while charging it will show time on the screen like in blackberry. You have the option to turn on or off the feature. Cons: 1. Very poor camera. But I have installed an app called "A Better Camera", with that the camera is still ok 2. Not all the widgets you install can be placed on the screen. you won't see some of the downloaded widgets in widget menu. 3. Music player has no bass but its expected at this cost. 4. Phone is a bit heavy due to 2500 mah battery. 5. You get only 700MB memory to install app on the phone however you can install app on SD card too. Overall I recommend this product.
This is my first android device and I had a thrill in using this device. Good job in making this masterpiece. Pros: Touch is great, nice looks, very fast and no lags, headphone provided is great, very nice display, clear and crisp Cons: Battery backup is poor, speaker not too loud, installed apps are not of great use, quite heavy (personal opinion) Overall: I am happy with the device and I think it is a great smartphone and people should really buy it rather than buying a high end smartphone like Samsung or some others which offer similar features for high prices. If you are on minimal budget 10k - 15k then go for this. If you are concerned about the brand and status then no one can stop you from opting for other brands. By Amar from, delhi
i purchase this mobile 5790 in flipkart no compare another mobile with this price,, features 2500 mah battery,1.2 quad core,1 gb ram more features
first-flipkart service is the super fast zte is the international brand the quality is the best in this budget 8 MP cemera with good quality super fast performance due to quad core processer
helow i need a spare battery on this mobile i am give request to flipcart plz sale the the mobile spare battery the mobile is very good
