MOBDCBES8Y3RZUHT
Alright, here we go...I bought it few days back, though needless to say flipkart service was real fast, i was eagerly waiting for this new Phone. I thought to write a review but then I wanted to use it handsomely so that I can make a fair judgement. Should you go for this one or not depends on your requirement, the price of this phone is sort of the starting price of Android phones. I personally don't have much interest in apps(and the hoopla it's having). I guess if I would really interested in Apps I will go for Apple nothing less which is unthinkable in this price range. If I am not that much interested in apps then its not being android hardly matters. I won't call it a smartphone but it's a talented phone nevertheless....the look and feel( and touch) is fine, I mean its pleasant to hold it in your hands, it's easy to use, didn't have any problem with touch sensitivity. Camera is okay though I was expecting a better quality (sony ususally provide great camera quality). Due to it's 1GHz processor it is far from lethargic in any scenario and its safe to say that I am satisfied enough considering the price range. Though few apps I found useless (who uses orkut nowadays?) still some of the apps were great like nokia maps, not as great as google maps but handy to have, weather app, browser is fine, let me clarify something here, I read in earlier review someone pointed that with this phone/browser you won't be able to watch youtube videos. It's a myth....I watched a few youtube videos (being specific "The Hobbit" trailer). But winner of all to me is the internet radio.....I am avid radio listener and I don't like these commercial fm, mirchi sort of radios, with internet radio I could get to listen to some world class radio as BBC World Service etc.....still exploring(note: it eats much of your data). So what's left....music playing is fine nothing awesome, video quality I found was tad better than other phone in this range. pixels doesn't expand which makes it better for viewing however I am having a hard time in finding the exact formats it plays. I am sure it wont be able to play any messed up video in any format. but then that's the case with most phone. Anything left? Yeah, I don't know why they don't provide data cable, maybe they think since it comes with many other phone one can easily manage that, I mean they have point I had two spare data cables of earlier phones, so had no issue. All in all I liked this phone and I am happy for my decision in not wasting much money on things which I hardly use. Hope this helps. Thanks. P.S - the opinion about the phone is totally personal and might not be applicable to other individuals.
i bought this mobile for my mom, but after using this for sometime i was really amazed with its responsive touch and performance,every features is uniquely cool,specially easy access of everything at this price range,though the cam quality is not upto expectations but its defiantly better than any other 3 mp mobiles at this range, but who cares this is the first touch mobile shes using for the first time, and tell u what, its very easy to learn, think ill buy one more for me,i have x3-02 touch type, kinda bored, and am not a hardcore mobile user!! so my point : The good: - Responsive touch, - extremely good battery run time, - smart design, - camera better than equivalent htc or samsung 3 MP, - 2 GB memory card included (not mentioned in specifications here), - does not hang or lag. -super speed processor -nice gamming mobile The bad: - only 56k colour display, - YouTube works but with poor video quality (240p), - no A-GPS. (who cares) look at the price ;) so if u expect a mobile with tons of features at low price range than android or whatever id suggest u go for asha 311 am sure u wont regret..
I believe Nokia has done in great job in pricing this phone. The Asha 303 at around Rs 7600 was definitely overpriced. For 6500 you get a phone with 3 inch capacitive screen, 1Ghz processor, a refreshed UI, the best maps application in the world, GPS, 3G and WiFi connectivity. Also worth mentioning is the scratch resistant Gorilla glass which I believe no other company offers in this price range. Plus 40 free games from the EA games. The OVI also has all the apps you will ever need (FB,twitter, angry birds, whatsapp etc). All this with the great build quality and the best after sale service from Nokia. Overall I believe this is a very good phone. You can get a Andriod phone with utmost an 800Ghz processor in this range which would be very laggy while running most of the apps. So unless you can spend 9k to get a decent Android, better stick to s40.
The Nokia 311 is a very competitively priced handset and comes with all the features necessary for a phone for a normal use. If you are looking for an Android in this range, you're being just too blindfolded. Android needs pretty decent specifications to run smoothly and S40 is perfect for a phone in this range. Don't write negative reviews mentioning the absence of Android. If you need Android, this phone is simply not for you (move forward). I however expected S60 in this, but the modified S40 is doing a great deal too. This modified S40 is offering the notifications bar and much improved UI. You'll get apps for most of your needs such as Social Networking, Gaming or Office work. Further, you get 40 Free Games (Of-course Angry Birds too), Gorilla Glass, Wi-Fi, Nokia Maps and 3.5G (which is faster than that of Galaxy Y). Only thing lacking here is the GPS, which an average user rarely uses. In the end, I'd only say that its a Decent handset with tonnes of features at a perfect price of ~6500. What else do you expect at this price? Try it out and I'm sure you won't be disappointed. Compare it with other nearby rivals and you'll see it defeating all those in most of the categories with a good difference.
wifi with b/g/n.... thats really cool, i am 100% sure this product will help nokia to come back into market.. what else will you expect for 6.5k price ??? everything is there in this product expect GPS which i think this would be solved by installing google earth later! physically looks cool as well.
but only one features is missing is that OS is not symbian 60 series over alll very very goodd capacitive touch screen and 1ghz processor speed with 3g network support those who want fronet camera for video so pls dont buy any front camera phone becoz no friend make video due to expensive high rate
I bought this phone yestrday 4 my dad frm a Nokia priority dealer...@ 6500/-... Here r the pro's n Con's : 1. Great budget capacitive touch screen phone at this price. 2. Easy to use user interface...smooth touch experience due to the 1Ghz processor. 3. You can legally download over lakhs of hindi n english songs all for free (DOWNLOAD SPEED IS REALLY FAST) !!! 4. 40 EA games free 2 download to kill that boredom. 5. Great call reception. 6. Wifi + 3G + BLUETOOTH FILE SHARE 7. Gorilla glass scratch resistant display. 8. Can play Youtube videos via browser. 9. Has a new type of easy-to-access notification bar(like android). 10. Decent 3.2 MP camera.. 11. Multitouch pinch to zoom option Cons: 1. No GPS..THE MAPS app is thr but without GPS accuracy will b less. 2. few good apps on the nokia marketplace. 3. No flash with camera 4. Build quality cud hav been better. 5. Cannot apply wallpaper on homescreen only on lock screen. 6. No multitasking
I was using a HTC desire earlier. Though its an android.. my usage was just in music, video, and surfing! This bar is so cool with its features and performance. really love using it! if u dont like android.. close your eyes and buy this mobile.
Nokia has finally come with a world class product for a reasonable price.The phone is cute and have a sleek design.I have used galaxy y,mixwalkman nd optimus before but this gives me the best satisfaction.it is too good for INR 6430 as u have got a 3.2 mp camera and notification bar really helps while using.....if u have a budget of around INR 7000 ,then go for it.If u buy from flipkart u will get it for 6430....go for it....its worth the money...
great phone severe competition has made nokia to launch sweet products at sweet prices. excellent build quality. features(gps ,3g ,wifi ,gorilla glass ,nokia badge,3.2 mp camera)at only 6500 certianly better than galaxy y in many aspects 5 or 6 models like this in every range would make nokia comeback in style
By this product i think nokia should promise there believe in us.I congragulate nokia to introduce such a wonderful product in a very less price.I think in 2013 nokia get their top place by the coming of nokia asha and windows phone .once again thank you nokia from the users who loved to use a capacitive touch by less price.
Guys this phone is very much helgful for them who does not style in their way and very much sure of nokia that in the market nokia sleek design and their os means symbian is high in rates though like nokia very much as i want style to be with me . I assure this product will be the king of nokia in the market for its features like hsdpa 3g,wifi 802.11,gorrila glass,3.2 megapix cam,3 sensors, navigation,2.1 bluetooth and last but not the least smartphone
very bad & useless. any time complaint and complaint............ touch complaint & display complaint. waste of my money & time.
Well...Undoubtedly Nokia has done a great job in giving this phone a smartphone feature but somewhere it lacks that thing. No matter the phone is equipped with a good processor and a clear display with 3g and wifi support and other technical specifications which you can know through this page but there are few minute things a normal user would like to have in his/her phone that lacks in it. Being an android user previously i would like to bring in limelight few points:- PROS: 1. Good display with a smooth touch 2. good processor - does not hang while playing. 3. sleek design. 4. battery seems to be OK not that great but u'd like it if u were an android user previously. 5. The pricing seems to be Ok CONS: 1. The worst thing about this phone is that it lacks multitasking. You can by no chance switch between Apps.All u can do is write a message or hear songs.This is a major drawback for people who use nimbuzz or facebook chat and mail together. 2. One minute thing i noticed is that you cannot copy, select or paste the text. 3. Even the whtsapp is not as great as it is for android. 4. OVi store seems to be a useless store.. You ll get all the useless apps over there. NO TOI or ET no Skype, No dropbox and many more. Its full of junk and nothing else. 5. though the gaming thing is hyped but its again not a good experience.. the NFS and football isnt that interesting as u think it would be. and when it comes to angry birds then you dnt get to see the bird , you have to wide open your cornea to concentrate. 6. All useless Apps - orkut, climate ...etc.. and to add on it - u cannot delete them .. they are system files. then Chat application and nimbuzz have the same function then y to provide both - nokia forgot to do QA on it. 7. And if u use maps to fully load all the cities and locations will consume 1/4th of your memory card. 8. When it comes to music and camera- its avg. but the earphones they provide are cheapo and sound quality is very poor. So i would say think before you buy. nothing can beat android. Android OS is crafted and built with perfection. there is no flaw. All they need to do is give a better battery and good combination of other technical stuffs.
Its a good one for a person who wants to buy a smart phone with low cost. all the shortcuts provided are very good. easy to select a tone profile and the touch sensitiveness is good. But the box doesn't have data cable. and it would be better if it have a document reader.
Pros: touch is very responsive 1 ghz processor (phone is fast) sound clarity is very good Music does play well Wifi and 3g built in. built in quality is good battery is decent. camera clarity is good for 3.2 mega pixel cons: it is 56000 colors. RAM should have been a bit more does not ship with data cable.
GREAT TOUCH SCREEN,GOOD CAMERA,GREAT VIDEO RECORDING,SUPER FAST CPU,NICE BATTERY LIFE,40 EA GAMES,4 SENSOR,CORNING GORILLA GLASS.SUPERB. NOKIA IS BACK BOYS.IT IS A VERY GOOD HAND SET TO BUY UNDER 6500.
I got a very bad phone. it started lagging within 2 months of purchase, apps were replaced by error messages and apps also disappeared.... Its a total waste of money and now i cant even use it !!! data connectivity takes so long to turn on and activate !!!
WE ALL STILL REMEMBER NOKIA 3310 FOR ITS GREAT SUCCESS.NOW THIS ASHA 311 IS GOING TO HIT THE SAME AMOUNT OF SUCCESS IN THE MOBILE MARKET.I BOUGHT THIS PHONE 20 DAYS BEFORE,ITS SIMPLY GREAT.ITS GREAT USER FRIENDLY PHONE.BELIEVE ME>NOBODY SHOULD COMPLAIN THIS PHONE.DONT WAIT MORE THIS SHOULD BE YOUR GOOD PHONE FOR THE COMING YEARS
This is based on a Weeks usage. yes, some of you may tell this phone is costly , for this price+ u will get a decent android which can multitask. But,u can do three essentials tasks always irrespective of any app u run,that is play,call & write(music, call & txt),so at most times u won't feel the need for multitasking. The Polarizer used by Nokia works as a charm to provide Good Sunlight Legibility along with the aid of Ambient Light Sensor & The Gorgeous Gorilla Glass. The transitions are pretty smooth for a phone at this price range,with a very rare stutters. The interface is easy to use around. Texting is pretty good,using landscape qwerty,its even more easier. After using Large Screen phones,u may feel this phone is bad,after all who told u to buy this phone after using a high end phone,u can't compare a tiger to a cat. Wifi reception & 3G is really good,though the browser leaves you yearning for more(if u used to browsing on high end phone). The unlimited Nokia Music(3 months & later paid),is really good. Though the design feels odd,it grows on you from the moment you buy. The little things here and there in the UI will surprise you as time goes with the usage of phone,those little things make the experience so much better. The music player with equalizer is good,nice interface. Finally,the advantage with feature phones is the battery,i was frankly surprised when the phone was alive with three bars battery left after a days usage(Smartphone users will know what i mean),it put a smile on my face. Nokia didn't just slap on a touch screen,it changed the Interface only,for Someone using a windows phone(Samsung Omnia W), i found this phone really a surprise. I never could find the diff btw using this phone & omnia w, except for browsing and mainly push mail(i guess most ppl in this price range wouldn't mind about push mail).
Email protocols SMTP IMAP4 IMAPS POP3 Packaging Containing up to 60% recycled materials Minimized package Packaging is 100 % recyclable Materials Free of BFR, rFR as in Nokia Subst. List Free of PVC Contains bio plastics Free of nickel on the product surface Product is recyclable up to 100% recoverable as materials and energy Think Before Buying....some other phone!
"ASHA" 311....the name says it all! nothing to worry about this product,nokia has done it well this time..you will not get such a preloaded cell phone (all features of today's smartphone)at an incredibly LOW price ! 1) wifi is good b/g/n. 2) storage(phone + memory card) is abundant. 3)PROCESSOR 1 GHz, YOU WONT GET THIS FEATURE IN ANY OTHER CELL AT THIS LOW PRICE. 4) GUI IS ok(just similar to BELLE)not INTUITIVE, I FOUND IT CONFUSING 5) SOUND quality (i.e on loudspeakers its best) HEADPHONES ARE AGE OLD !!! PL DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. 6) BEST PRODUCT @ BEST PRICE, go for it ! NOTE: BUSINESS PERSON NEEDING ACCESS TO EMAILS,IMs,CHATS CONSTANTLY, pl think of other product.it wont suit YOUR NEEDS!!!
i recently bought dis fone n hv a few day to day usability issues 1. no custom sound profile, custom equalizer setting 2. no option to change the auto lock time 3. no digital clock screen saver 4. no option for group sms(family, friends etc) 5. orientation sensor and notification light does not work for 3rd part apps like whatsapp, opera mini 6. no option to change font size 7. nokia app store is seriously lacking quality apps 8. Loudspeaker could have been louder Hope these issues are fixed in the next update. Apart from this the phone is fast, does all day-to-day activity with ease and speed, call quality is good, plays several music and video formats, camera is average, touch is sensitive, typing is good and physical buttons are also tactile.
ITS BEEN A WEEK OR SO I'M USING THIS MOBILE, AND TO TELL THE TRUTH I'VE USED MANY TOUCH PHONES IN THE PAST AND TRUST ME PEOPLE THIS IS THE BEST TOUCH PHONE I'VE EVER USED CONSIDERING IT'S PRICE. I'VE NEVER EXPECTED THE TOUCH TO BE SO SMOOTH AND SO RESPONSIVE, AND ON TOP TOP OF THAT I CAN ACTUALLY FEEL THE PRESENCE OF THE 1GHz PROCESSOR. IF ANYONE WANT TO BUY THIS I'LL SAY GO AHEAD WITH YOUR EYES CLOSED, TRUST ME YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
1 GHz processor, 3.5G, Wifi, GPS and other basic features all works perfect. Nokia's this OS works perfect and it has android like features. Build Quality of nokia phones are always good and 'Asha 311' is not a Exception.
The touch in this phone is really responsive and the 1Ghz processor really does its job,there are no lags in the transition effects and angry birds plays very smoothly...wifi connections are very stable...but the battery life is mediocre...user interface is great,its on par with smart phones....you won't get such a phone offering such great features at this price.
I bought Nokia Asha 311(IMEI no-355477051391903) in the month of March-2013 from FlipKart. Since then I had to visit the Nokia Care at Vapi, Gujarat for the problems with the Handset. The details of the issues are as below- 1)First visit- 22 April 2013- For the Touch Pad not working 2)Second visit-22 May 2013- Again for the Touch pad which was not working 3)Third time- 17 May 2013- For a) Poor Outgoing Quality b) Phone keeps on showing the USB connection tough not connected to the USB. Got the phone back on 4/7/13 but after I brought it home on the next day 4/7/13, the phone was now ready to go back to the service centre for problem related to its loud speaker, no ringing for incoming calls,cant listen to the music!!!!! I have submitted my fone to the Nokia Care Centre again & i am still awiting its return!!!! I thought that Nokia Phone will provide me the Value for what I paid but it was not so. The Product I got is not even working in basic features. I don't even know for how many times more would I have to visit the Nokia Care Centre within the warranty period???? I have got a Faulty/Damaged handset , I want a replacement with a new one with no such issues. Every time I have been facing these problems. Does a brand new product have such issues???????? I brought the phone in the month of March 2013 & have visited the service centre for 3 times since then .I have to visit thes ervice centre for the 4th time tomorrow (6/7/2013) for the mention problem. I am completely fed-up of this problem physically & mentally. I have to take leave from my job to visit service centre for repairs then have to wait till the date they tell me to come back & collect the mobile,so i have to take one more leave for this!!! Is Nokia experimenting with the consumers, if their strategies to attract customers do work by making the customers lure the with ads?? I feel like I have have fooled myself by trusting Nokia product. """'I did'not want to rate this product but it is mandatory for submitting the reviews so have give ! but it actually goes below ZERO!!!!""""
i was an android user, but when my samsung phone was dead i thought i rather go for nokia, because of its battery backup and nokia's service.. so i bought this phone because of its 1ghz processor. if your begineer then this phone is good for you..but if you are android user don't buy this phone.you will doing biggest mistake...
1: document viewer not support 2: no led flash light. 3: people who using E63 the feature of voice calling on 2g network is not supportable. like Skype calling , gtalk , yahoo messenger, its work only on wifi.
I bought this phone from flipkart who as always provided excellent service esp as i had recieved a defective piece and they were very prompt in getting it replaced so kudos to flipkart!! Now to the Asha 311, it is A "good phone" by Nokia but is nowhere near amazing. The Nokia Asha 311 has good specs for a feature phone in this price range in the market but it could have done much more. Now with the smartphone market getting very competitive one can get a decent android mobile from a good brand at this price range. But overall it is a decent phone by a company that is known and loved by most..!! Pros: -Instant startup and shutdown, Smooth UI, no lag, 1ghz processor is more than enough to meet any requirements one can dish out. -Freebies by Nokia (Music Store, EA Games) -Good touchscreen, very responsive -Good battery life, nokia as always does'nt fail here -Watsapp, Facebook, Twitter, Zomato, Nimbuzz preinstalled with Nokia Maps, Store and Music. -Pushmail and Nokia Chat -Good music quality on speaker and headphones, i was not dissapointed -Good browser, fast and effective on 2G, 3G and WiFi Cons: -Games were a bit dissapointing. Dont expect android type games and graphics on this device. Although board and card games were entertaining on this device. Ex Monopoly, Life, Battleships, Tetris. -No multitasking -Poor camera, picture quality is OK, shots are grainy even in daytime. Definitely not expected from Nokia -No GPS (This device would have been awesome if it had GPS facility to go along with Nokia Maps but sadly it does'nt) -No flash (to be expected at this price range) Overall the Nokia Asha 311 is a good buy, no regrets here but with smartphone prices dropping fast one would rather spend 3000 more and go for a Samsung Galaxy Ace or a XOLO A700 (around 10000) with better camera, flash, GPS and multitasking. (Both phones are available at Flipkart)
pakaging - Superb. Delivery date - superb customer care superb - superb my point : The good: - Responsive touch, - extremely good battery run time, - smart design, - camera better than equivalent htc or samsung 3 MP, - 2 GB memory card included (not mentioned in specifications here), - does not hang or lag. -super speed processor -nice gamming mobile The bad: - only 56k colour display, - YouTube works but with poor video quality (240p), - no A-GPS. (who cares) look at the price ;)
hello all , if any one buying for internet usage as there is a 1 ghz processor in mind then do not bye it as this phone gives error any time while accessing the internet may be via browser and also via any app.i am sending this mobile to nikia care gurgaon office to fix this , let hope they fix the issue the mob is mfg sep2012 .
Trust me guys ur gonna regret buying it if u had been an android or iOS user.The same old stupid symbian 40 os where yu wont even find a call blocker forget playing NFS lyk they show in their ad! Total shit by nokia!!
People who have used basic phones can buy this. But people who have used android will feel disappointed to use this. Hardware is good and durable. Main draw back is software. All games available for this mobile seems to be developed for the basic non-touch mobiles.
i bought this mobile 3 weeks back. Im Really impressed with its processor. Pretty fast mind it. After using blackberry for an year, This handset didnt made me miss my BB , the emails come just in a snap, like it used to come in Blackberry. Which is very very good for all those who are always connected on mails. No data cable, but thats ok... samsung or bb ones work well. sometimes the pictures in gallery become bluish , dont know why. They disturb at times. Music is good, cam is decent, you cant expect anything WOW i this price range. Typing is good. I though miss the swype feature of Samsung Galaxy. Its is good start of phone for those who want to use whatsapp and dont want to invest much ;) Touch Screen is superb. And yeah!!! songs actually download within 50-55 seconds (In gprs) and in around 10 seconds in WIFI, which is damn impressive. Just as what they show in Advertisement. Overall a good (a bit more than good ) buy !!!
My reason of buying this phone is the battery backup it offers, it is about 12 Hrs, and i have not tested it so far, but with the experience, i see the battery is only half discharged in 2 days time for almost 2 hrs of talking. The touch sensitivity is very good, and there is very less lag, when compared to samsung galaxy y, and resolution is also better than galaxy y another one good feature is : you can make your ringtone using any mp3 you have in your phone, you can mark start and end points to play when your phone rings and that is something i was happy using :) my previous blackberry did not have it. some cons : No multi tasking (though this helps phone not to slow down) No copy paste feature browsing is cumbersome, it is as bad as galaxy y all in all, good value for money.
A superb phone from nokia Pros : - amazing touch and swipe smoothness , capacitive touch - nice screen resolution - Really good interface. - Build quality feels solid - 3G , Wifi , internet radio - Quick charge and decent battery life - Gorilla glass ! - touch keyboard is accurate..even for large hands it is decent - PRICE Cons -S40, so cannot install that many good games and apps, could not install SWYPE/Touchpal keyboard also. -Nokia maps is only fairy accurate..voice guidance is not there. Apart from this..it is a pleasure to use..awesome looks, design and functionality.
I have bought this mobile 15days back @Rs6500/- .After using it i have witnessed the following HIGHLIGHTS: -Notification bar which enables the user to easy access certain features of phone such as WiFi,mobile-data,music player,call log,user profile,etc. -High speed processor. -Stylish look which makes us feel moving in modern era of latest gadgets -Virus attack threat free mobile. DOWNPLAY: -Though nokia has provided WiFi feature for the mobile, the nokia browser doesn't work on WiFi instead it asks for a mobile data to be switch on. -Secondly the mobile is getting hanged(mainly because it doesn't support multi-tasking) -Applications are not good and makes us feel bored using them -And many other minute defect are found in mobile software such as camera sound. Instead of buying Nokia Asha-311 i recommend to go for Samsung-Young which has got similar features
I have bought this phone from flipkart.com and have been using it for about 20 days.Performance wise it is very good. It never hangs and reboots.No such problem. But, this is for you only if u are looking forward to buy simple,good-looking,non-android budget phone. Features added to S40 but symbain belle would have been great...
Complete bang for the bucks, nokia is launching good phones in low budget. Really like the apps like whatsapp from nokia store and 1Ghz super sonic web browsing. Camera quality is fine but not that great, but okay for this price.
Firstly one cannot add contacts from call log,one has to note down the number on a sheet of paper then feed it back to the phone.Despite its good looks its heavy and while its being marketed by saying that they allow 40 free ea games only the free ones are downloadable while the charged ones appears to be free (because the charge is crossed) it cannot be downloadable.The worst youtube quality ever,not tested the wi-fi yet but the browser is terrible pages never gets adjusted to the screen and the pinch to zooms makes it further terrible.battery life not as good as it is marketed.I am disappointed in this brand very disappointed please read all the reviews before thinking of buying one PLEASE
I have purchase Nokia Asha 311 for gift to my wife but every time i am facing problem due to that she can not use this phone. I have made 2 round to nokia care due to the problem also i phoned to flipkart regarding this but nobody want to listen so i am unhapy with this service
FIRST OF ALL I LIKE TO APPRECIATE THE SERVICE OF FLIPKART .ORDERED THE PRODUCT ON 13.3.13 AND GOT IT JUST NEXT DAY ie, ON THE 14th IN NICE SEALED PACK. ABOUT THE PHONE: IN A WORD THE PHONE IS A SUPERB ONE.TOUCHSCREEN IS VERY SENSITIVE. SOUND QUALITY IS WELL.EARLIER I USED NOKIA 5233. BUT ITS TOUCHSCREEN WAS NOT SO GOOD LIKE ASHA 311. SO I SUGGEST IF U LIKE TO BUY A TOUCHSCREEN PHONE BUY IT CLOSING UR EYES.
Recently ma sis hav bought one ...... and its a crap.... Its slow ........Internet connectivity is worst........ touch is not good.....(have to touch the screen many times before it reacts.......And as others say !!! it consumes less power as its Symbian and those shit..... Actually its battery consumption is same as that of android phones........... I was also thinking of having it seeing the configuration ........... trust me its a crap........... Have a Android phone instead........
This mobile handset does not work with Wi-Fi connection practically although it has been advertised as it supports Wi-Fi, 2G, 3G etc. I can,t make video calls. The cost of the handset is not matched with its performance. I suggest not to buy this product at the present price of Rs.6,430/- as per Flipkart advertisement which will put you in despair after purchasing it like me.
USB data cable is not bundled with phone !! It means buy phone and then expend 300/- for the data cable. 3.2 MP Primary cam is average, preinstalled games are there like angrybirds. Song download is an exciting feature.
I bought this nokia asha 311 on 2nd May'14 from flipkart,seller was wsretail. I am using this phone from past 5 months no issues upto now but one day I compared this mobile with local market's nokia asha 311 I was shocked because my mobile's build quality is not good and also signal strenth not good. I checked the box of another mobile's on that it clearly say's made in Finland but on my mobile's box says made in Tamilnadu. I went to nokia's customer care they said "luckly your mobile have 3 months warranty but this mobile look's like local made better next time buy from a nokia's certified buyer to avoid this type of products". Now I realised why my friends hate flipkart. In this issue there is no ones mistake all the mistake is mine buying from flipkart.
within in four month stopped working and Nokia Care does not care to repair it. Worst service by Nokia care, they kept pone with them for two months and then return in damaged conditions. I have now resolved to never buy a Nokia Phone. Bye bye Nokia
one of te waste phone in nokia bcoz it goes on hanging at tat time i had 2 remove battery n strt its a bull shit pone dont even see tis phone waste
sometimes it is exhausted by too many apps and average battery life. this is a good product from nokia but when compared to nokia asha 503 it lags behind. needs few software upgrades.
Exactly after 10 months of using, touch screen stopped functioning. In general, the phone is not worth buying at this price. Another disappointing product from Nokia. In the last 12 months, phone was sent to service centre at least 4 times. Key problems are with the touch screen and wi-fi. It looks like some batch of phones have this problems, while other are OK. Frustrated with constant problems, decided to buy another phone. Will never buy a Nokia.
Problem with Touch Screen. Phone was unusable. No use of warranty. I was asked to pay 2200 rupees just after 3 months. Better don't buy it. I read other reviews with the same problem.
5 stars for flipkart alone for delivering my order within 48 hours of ordering from Delhi to a town in Tamil Nadu. Got a great deal on the phone with 16GB card free. Nokia has come up with a phone with great features for the price. No doubt it is not comparable to Android phones, but to the ones who love Nokia's strong body, this phone is actually very good.
Bought this mobile for my wife on her birthday. As usual, Flipkart was very prompt. Wanted them to deliver it on the birthday and had informed them accordingly over phone. But since it had arrived a day earlier, they delivered on that day instead of the birthday. -- No problem with that since, she could start using the new mobile on her birthday. This may not be a smart phone but for those who just want to make voice calls, take photographs and listen to music, this is a good buy though a little overpriced. Now regarding the mobile : Pros : 1. This is the first I bought a mobile with a touch-screen and found it was very sensitive to touch. But then got used to it over a period of time. 2. Lovers of Angry-birds gave will have a good time. But alas, only 15 levels and for more levels, you need to connect to internet. 3. Had some difficulty in finding out how to create speed dial numbers. Learning curve is a bit difficult. 4. Camera : Good. 5. Transfer of phone numbers/photos/ from old LG mobile through bluetooth was smooth. The old LG mobile did not have option to transfer multiple phone numbers through bluetooth. :-( Had to transfer one by one. 6. The HEADPHONE with the package was a good deal. Cons : 1. After having spent Rs.6000, I felt that Nokia should have included the "mobile tracker" facility which is available in the lowest category mobile of LG, Model GB-170. This is a big drawback. 2. No flash is a minus for this mobile. 3. One can store multiple numbers for a name on the phone. But if there is a call from one of those numbers, only the name is displayed. The number from which the call is being made is not displayed. If the number is also displayed, it would have been useful. Overall a good phone but I feel Nokia can add more features for the same buck. Also options of more colours would have been nice.
I bought this phone for my father who is a first time user of a touch phone. We were looking for a phone which was small in size and smooth in operation and not with too many features as it would be confusing for him. Am happy that we chose the Asha 311. It looks premiuim and feels premium without burning a hole in the pocket. The features are just enough for basic use. The touch quality is very good and the layout is neat. Although the camera quality is not upto the mark, but it is passable. The earpiece sound is very good and comfortable to hear even in crowded environment. Overall satisfied with the phone and also Flipkart service was again upto the mark. 3 cheers....
This phone is the worst I have ever used in my life. Keeps dropping signals & does not have flash with the camera so clicking fotos in dark is awfull. This device does not deserve any stars at all. Shit... I bought this phone.
The phone is just OK. I am using it since 8 months, and arrived at the following points Pros: Lightweight Good-Looking Some features such as silencing a call when putting the phone upside down Somewhat good battery life 1Ghz processor Nice UI Compact Cons: App store is completely a waste No nice themes and apps. You won't get any good games too, if you get some, it will always require internet connection Small screen, a 3.2 inch one could be better A Difficulty for typing Hangs a lot True, especially while browsing Poor camera My mom's asha 305 has a 2 mp camera which clicks better photos Gets very hot while charging After 5 months, the phone was getting really hot while charging.I had to remove its back cover and battery to escape the heat. Another stange problem I had was a disappearing menu...some widgets/icons disappeared in the menu though they occupied space and were unable to be removed. Whenever you touch them, the phone restarts....did anybody else had this problem??? Anyways...just use the phone once at any store and then make your descision. Hope this helps :)
I had read glowing reviews of this on Flipkart, but I want to warn others that the phone can't perform basic functions right. 1 - It drops the call every time. Which can get very aggravating if it happens 5-10 times a day, everyday!! 2 - The proximity sensor is rubbish - so the ear or cheek press buttons - cutting the call, or making other phone calls or triggering other functions and disrupting the call. 3 - Since it's on the old Nokia OS - it can only open and run 1 app at a time. It must shut down the app to open another one. 4 - I find the menu system cluttered and archaic. Save your money and get another phone. Else - spend a little more and get an iPhone 3gs or Samsung Galaxy Grand - it works, is intuitive.
Bought this mobile from the local store here on Aug 31st, 2012 and this phone still works like a charm! I am using it without a screen guard for many months and no scratches at all. For a java touchscreen phone this is the best. :) 5/5
Starting this with tears... !! Made a grave mistake by buying this phone.. It hangs many a times and the charger doesn't withstand even for a day. Please DO NOT go for it.. I heard better models are available from SAMSUNG. The only reason i wanted to buy Nokia was because of its Longevity and its UNBREAKABLEness. OOPS now!!!
I ordered this phone on 23rd Feb and got it in my hand on 27th (It was a delay), anyway I'm satisfied. I don't think there is anything to blame regarding its features as far as its price is concerned! It plays videos well on youtube (at 240p quality). It showed me that "Loading video..." only one time and then it completed the whole video (to be particular, I watched Sarara by Beckly) of 5 mins without ever interepting! Its processor is amazingly fast and UI is incredible. It is loaded with 40 apps. If you are a music lover, keep calm, it has equalizer preinstalled with the music player (though there are not many functions to equilibrium). Gamers, this phone is for you. It never hangs or stops even in running and rendering great 3D games (jave only, I tried Covert Ops 3D, Counter Strike 3D, NFS MW 3D, Prince of Persia 3D so far). It can handle games upto an individual size of 16 MB (not mentioned here). Now let me summarise the phone in detail: PROS: - Nokia brand itself - Battery charges too fast (just like smsung phones) and lasts long. - Nice sound quality - Camera clarity is superb ( 3.2MP nokia camera is like 5MP samsung camera) - Awesome UI and touch sensor, its UI experience is amazing. - 2GB installed microSD card (not mentioned here) - 5 connections: 2G, 3G, Wi-Fi,Bluetooth, PC connectivity, what more do you expect? - Gorilla glass display (which you hardly find in 20k+ nokia phones) CONS: - OS is Symbian s40 (not really a smartphone, smartphone starts from s60 series) - Can't minimize anything ( inspite of having a 1Ghz processor, I hope nokia includes this in its next software update) - Display is not as large as its price is concerned ( though 3 inch, but only 240x400 px display while if you invest Rs1000 more, you can get a 480x640 px nokia display for sure ) - 56k colors ( but believe me friends, no one can guess that when it is in your hand untill they read the specifications... ) - Whatever wallpaper you set, it won't be at the main screen (It shows in standby screen only) - Can't copy-paste in message editor! At the end, it is worth the value!
I bought it two days back by paying Rs 5800 from Agartala,Tripura and i can say this is a very good phone considering the price. There are really some good features as well as some very big drawbacks.. PROS : * 1Ghz Processor,so very smooth operation * Very nice and gorgeous user interface * Good sound quality and clarity...with good headphone it is gr8 * Good built quality * 3G speed is very good * Nokia music application is very nice * GORILLA glass CONS : * Worthless camera..simply worthless..it would have been better if there was not any camera * Only 65K Resolution..so a gr8 and clear picture also looks noisy * You cant set a wallpaper..its always black So, if u r looking for a good 3G and music phone thn u can buy it definetly but u will hjave to consider the camera
The Nokia Asha 311 sweetly surprised me. I wasn’t planning to buy this phone, but when I got it as a Christmas gift from my dad my opinion of the phone changed completely. It is a phone definitely smarter than the rest. Though it does not boast of highly complicated apps and features one never would use, it is a very simple, sober and functional phone. When I choose to buy a phone, gaming is on my number one priority list. On the Nokia Asha 311, I can play up to 40 game titles from EA games for free. A phone loaded with apps means slow speed. Aha! Not my phone! The apps are compressed and stored at a lower size making this phone excellent. I was blown away by the phone’s 3-inch capacitive touchscreen with LCD transmissive technology. It gives excellent visibility and offers unmatched clarity too. Protected by the Corning Gorilla Glass technology, the screen is safe from scratches, bumps and abrasions. The Nokia Asha 311 is such a cool phone with a 1 GHz processor. Even when I use so many apps, all at the same time, this phone never becomes slow. I play games, sway to music and chat with friends; multitasking was never so easy before. This phone has exceeded my expectations largely and the reasons are obvious. Nokia Asha 311 has become an inseparable part of my personality. With the Nokia Series 40 OS and seamless 3-screen navigation, my life is so simple and sorted. At the touch of a feather, all my contacts, call lists and apps open up instantly. Fast and easy, the functionality of this phone is unquestionable. The Video player on my phone allows me to watch and download videos from YouTube at 30fps and upload them on any social networking site almost instantly. Capturing valuable moments is simple and easy with a 3.2 MP camera that has a 4x zoom and some good features too. The camera offers good clarity and enhanced visibility. Thanks to my profession I need to stay connected all the time. The Nokia Asha 311 offers superb connectivity with the Wi-Fi, data, Bluetooth and much more. Whenever I want to chill out, I download songs from the Nokia Music app and store them on my microSD card. If I am in a meeting my super ‘smart’ phone allows me to switch ringers on/off with the navigation panel, saving me immense embarrassment. The Nokia Asha 311 is complete with a proximity sensor and orientation sensor too. I must say, I thank my dad for gifting me a phone that has truly changed my world. He was always a loyal Nokia customer and has transformed me into one too. Whenever I make up my mind without trying something new, this phone is a sweet reminder.
For everyone who thinks smartphones are for the elite and too good for them, the Nokia Asha series is surely a surprise. I recently got myself a Nokia Asha 311 and believe me; this phone is worth every buck paid. Right out of the box, this little beauty has impressed me a lot with its sleek design and powerful, yet convenient and easy to use features. My Asha 311 comes with a 1 GHz processor that is powerful enough to drive today’s games, memory intensive apps as well as allow a high degree of multitasking. For gaming enthusiasts like me, the bundled 40 premium EA game titles were like a gift from Santa. With accelerometer and other sensors and a touchscreen UI, gaming on my Asha 311 is totally immersive. Apps on my phone are automatically stored at lower sizes due to compression, saving precious space and allowing them to open in a flash. Integrating a 3-inch capacitive touchscreen display that supports multi-touch features, all I need to do is swipe, pinch or tap to access apps, view images or navigate through the menus. It uses Corning Gorilla Glass technology for protection against accidental bumps and falls, and is resistant to scratches. The Series 40 operating system of my Nokia smartphone is perfectly suited for people who like simple, clean and easy navigation. It provides the 3-screen navigation feature; one of my personal favourites. On my home screen, I can just pull down and swipe through 3 different screens to locate my favourite apps, all my contacts and my call history for new notifications. Connectivity features like Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, as well as phone ringers can also be switched on and off from here. My Nokia Asha 311 is a perfect buddy for passing free time with its integrated music and video players. I have downloaded like a zillion songs on my phone, and the fast download speed with the Nokia Music app is sheer joy. Clean and awesome music quality, with no worries about piracy! My phone’s 3.2 MP camera comes in handy whenever I need a quick snap of a place or thing that interests me, or even just for a quirky self-portrait. With up to 4x zoom capability and a whole bunch of features for photo editing, my snaps turn out really good. I even record 30fps videos at events like birthday parties and share them with my pals via YouTube. Downloads, data storage and space for my multimedia collection is available in the form of 120 MB internal memory and an expandable microSD capacity. I have subscribed to 3G services and the Nokia Xpress browser lets me connect to websites and stream online content so fast. I can easily use Wi-Fi hotspots when I am on the move and connect to social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter and Orkut that are embedded in my phone. The popular WhatsApp and Nimbuzz messenger apps let me chat with my friends even when I am at work.
I bought this phone on 10 Jan 2013 and so for the phone performed very good...and as per my opinion this phone will be a great delight for those who: 1. do not bother much abt technical details of OS and such. 2. do not use much of apps to do there daily routines. 3. are moving from low end feature phones to smart phones segment but have limited budget. 4. care for battery long battery life..!! And these are the pro's and cons: Pro: 1. 1 GHz super fast processor for fluid touch and UI experience. 2. many supported apps like WhatsApp, Angry Birds, etc. 3. Capacitive touch Screen.. 4. Good battery backup.. 5. WiFi support 6. UI is pretty good considering other S40 phones..!! Cons: 1. Average camera quality..coz Mega Pixel is not the only deciding factor for a good camera performance, like a missing auto focus feature and a flash.. 2. No secondary camera.. 3. Limited app support compared to Android and iOS phones.. 4. No GPS.. 5. Some essential options are missing like cut copy paste feature, camera shutter sound on/off feature etc.. Overall it is a very good Nokia phone and I think nokia can re-establish it's place in market by making phones like this but better OS..like Android or at least S60s.. and budget conscious frnds plz know before buying it that it is not a true multitasking phone and not an android so don't expect much from it in terms of functionality..!! :)
I AM 15 YEAR BOY AND THIS IS MY MY FIRST PHONE, I BOUGHT IT FROM FLIPKART AND AS USUAL THEIR SERVICE WAS VERY FAST,SO MY POINT IS..... ITS PROS 1. 1GHZ PROCESSAR 2.NICE TOUCH SCREEN 3.NICE SOUND 4.40 GAMES FREE FROM EA 5.NICE CAMERA COMPARED TO ALL OTHER 3 MEGA PIXELS CAMERA. 6.LOOKS STYLISH. ITS CONS ARE 1.THE VIDEOS ON YOU TUBE ONLY RUNS ON LOW QUALITY(240P) 2.NO ANDROID CONCLUSION= IT HAS MANY PROS AND LESS CONS I SUGGEST GO FOR IT ITS A VERY NICE PHONE AND BETTER THAN GALAXY Y.
The Nokia Asha 311 sweetly surprised me. I wasn’t planning to buy this phone, but when I got it as a Christmas gift from my dad my opinion of the phone changed completely. It is a phone definitely smarter than the rest. Though it does not boast of highly complicated apps and features one never would use, it is a very simple, sober and functional phone. When I choose to buy a phone, gaming is on my number one priority list. On the Nokia Asha 311, I can play up to 40 game titles from EA games for free. A phone loaded with apps means slow speed. Aha! Not my phone! The apps are compressed and stored at a lower size making this phone excellent. I was blown away by the phone’s 3-inch capacitive touchscreen with LCD transmissive technology. It gives excellent visibility and offers unmatched clarity too. Protected by the Corning Gorilla Glass technology, the screen is safe from scratches, bumps and abrasions. The Nokia Asha 311 is such a cool phone with a 1 GHz processor. Even when I use so many apps, all at the same time, this phone never becomes slow. I play games, sway to music and chat with friends; multitasking was never so easy before. This phone has exceeded my expectations largely and the reasons are obvious. Nokia Asha 311 has become an inseparable part of my personality. With the Nokia Series 40 OS and seamless 3-screen navigation, my life is so simple and sorted. At the touch of a feather, all my contacts, call lists and apps open up instantly. Fast and easy, the functionality of this phone is unquestionable. The Video player on my phone allows me to watch and download videos from YouTube at 30fps and upload them on any social networking site almost instantly. Capturing valuable moments is simple and easy with a 3.2 MP camera that has a 4x zoom and some good features too. The camera offers good clarity and enhanced visibility. Thanks to my profession I need to stay connected all the time. The Nokia Asha 311 offers superb connectivity with the Wi-Fi, data, Bluetooth and much more. Whenever I want to chill out, I download songs from the Nokia Music app and store them on my microSD card. If I am in a meeting my super ‘smart’ phone allows me to switch ringers on/off with the navigation panel, saving me immense embarrassment. The Nokia Asha 311 is complete with a proximity sensor and orientation sensor too. I must say, I thank my dad for gifting me a phone that has truly changed my world. He was always a loyal Nokia customer and has transformed me into one too. Whenever I make up my mind without trying something new, this phone is a sweet reminder.
Why Nokia have used 1ghz processor for S40 OS. Nokia must go for at least Symbian OS and VGA resolution than it will become so much valuable. On the other hand Hard-wares of this phone fits for this price. no doubt. But Its not a smartphone, Nokia is faking customers by advertising it for a smartphone and a gaming phone without high resolution and Symbian. I think Nokia have to learn definition of smartphone. U have saved Ur reputation by launching lumia 620 (comming soon in india), lumia 710, and after cutting out the price of lumia 800. Take good steps like these lumias otherwise u will lossed in this competitive market of HTC, SONY, MICROMAX, Samsung.
it is a cheep price to get a smart phone but its better to go fr galaxy y....coz it hangs a lot nd apps r also nt so gud comparing to galaxy i m useng dis mobile frm last 1 mnth nd i m nt satisfied.....so better to go fr samsung galaxy y than asha 311 battery back up is also not so gud nt more den 20 hrs
The Flagship of Nokia After extensive research I had 5 mob - Noki 311, Nok 510, Sony experia, Smsung Gal duo and Micromax nd compared their features and selected this one and I cn tell u I have no regrets i bought this mobile for my wife, but after using this for sometime i was really amazed with its easy touch and performance,every features is uniquely cool,specially easy access of everything at this price range,though the cam quality is not upto expectations but its defiantly better than any other 3 mp mobiles at this range, but who cares this is the first touch mobile shes using for the first time, and tell u what, its very easy to learn my point : The good: - Responsive touch, - extremely good battery run time, - smart design, - camera better than equivalent htc or samsung 3 MP, - 2 GB memory card - does not hang or lag. The bad: - YouTube works but with poor video quality (240p), so if u expect a mobile with tons of features at low price range than android ice cream or sauce id suggest u go for asha 311 am sure u wont regret..
Asha 311 is an interesting device. Especially for the one's who are slowly moving from basic feature phone usage to smartphones. Apart from being a sturdy phone, what I like best is the free sms app, hike, that users can download from the ovi store. Gives this phone an edge over the similar one's of its class.
Dhoka in the name of smart phone :D .................................... no mobile office ........................ can't adjust brightness ............ ok camera .............. free games are not of much worth ............... no multitasking .............. simple headfone which also available with base models of nokia .................. 3/5(bcoz of gud processor)
This is the best touch screen phone in the budget category...........the smartest u can say. Certain drawbacks are there but u have to look at the price tag. U can hardly get an android in this price category from companies like karbonn,intex,micromax etc but NOKIA is somehow much more powerfull and trustfull. The asha series has its own quality. Pros: Great UI highly responsive touch CORNING Gorilla glass 3g at 14.4 mbps wifi ambient light sensor proximity sensor lots of features etc etc n etc. strong battery back up. cons: poor earphones/headsets(who cares go for clarity headsets) average camera. supports limited video codecs video player is ok. only 56k colors. lack of brightness controller( though it provides ambient light sensor) ---------------------------- if u think that its not a smartphone n not a multitasker then let me clear u............u can make a call,text,play music from any where in the screen..... if ur budget is under 8k then go for it...it will dissapoint u.........the main reason to buy 311 is that androids budget phones have very poor battery back up and hangs frequently. android is good bt with a higher price tag n higher specs. NOKIA ASHA 311 is the best in its class.
we can not minimize any application in asha 311.There is only one window in nokia browser . It is not supporting the Google map. Nokia map is not good in this phone & can not navigate with its GPS. Sometimes it hangs.This phone has good touchscreen & games. It is good for music & gaming purpose only. We can not play all songs of a folder in memory card but it play only one song. it play all song only in media player not in memory card folder as compare to other phone of nokia. Internet browsing is also good. SIM & Memory card are below the battery. so If you want to remove sim or memory card, it require to open the phone & remove the battery.
- This is not a smartphone . so don't expect features like multitasking, apps support. this phone has s40 operating system, which does not offer a software platform to runs apps - This phone has wifi, 3G, but on a 3inch screen and nokia browser it is of limited use. - this phone has java support. so java games, apps can be executed. the 1 gz processor offer excellent environment, but again the small screen becomes bottleneck - The phone has an excellent (amazing ) graphical user interface. The GUI has amazing simplicity and attractiveness. its very easy to use - The battery life is excellent ( i am using 2G) - There are no apps such as VLC, adobe reader, adobe flash, mozilla firefox for this phone - java apps available on nokia store are JUNK - loudspeaker is of decent quality. headphone provide excellent sound. - THE MOST IMPORTANT POINT- The music player, at times hangs. - if u want a touch screen based mobile phone this is for you and this is the best. - Otherwise consider android
I have been using this phone for a week now and first of all I am amazed with the fast product delivery system they have. Ordered on Friday night recieved the product on monday morning at my office. Just as they say in their adds. Coming back to phone, this is a value for money phone, with all the features like 3G, WiFi and ok 3.5 Megapixel camera. Touch is awesome, responsive and works when required. The most WoW feature in this phone is the Music Store [free of course for 3 months]. You just search the song and hit download and BOOM, your song is downloaded. It takes 5 secs to download a full song. Just one thing to watch out, this phone has maps but NO GPS. maps works on mobile towers. All in all a good phone.
Gorila Glass Touch screen with 3.2 Mp Camera 1 Ghz Processor Free Games, plenty of songs free works charm no issue no hanging what else i can look out for with in 6.5k price tag only negative point is the sound quality of songs while playing thru speaker with full volume
It's a very stylish phone from Nokia. Appearence of the phone software is nice. Slim phone. Touch is very good at its price range. Phone is very fast. Apps are too good. It has nHD screen, you can watch movies, video songs etc. Sound quality is too good. I'll suggest you this phone if you want to buy a phone at its range.
nothng is good say about this phone only i can list the not factors..... 1.camera --- maha bakwas 2.wifi ---- sucks 3.no apps -----as old java operating system 4.hangs a lot 5.youtube video quality sucks 6.worst display colors even my old phones hav 16 m 7.1ghz processor---- achar dalo uska kyu ki na hi koi aaps hai for testng naa hi hd video play krta hai.. if nokia would invite me for the review of this as it wont i wul definetly request them to..."stop making mobile phones" .. mere bhai ne mujhe gift kia varna iske bare mai sochna bhi night mare hai
The biggest problem with the Nokia Asha 311 is its operating system. Its the s40 series which is used in c2-02/c2-03 phones. There arent any decent applications to use.. you cant read pdf files or view Office documents. The wifi isnt good and the internet doesnt work properly. It hangs while watching videos online. The 1GHz processor is a complete waste.. Never go for it.. Repenting Big time.
Good approach but Its neither a symbian 60 nor a android phone, then what is the use of 1 GHz processor. You cant use this processor efficiently for applicatons and gaming too. wasted money in investing this processor, otherwise phone is good.
This phone has a serious rival in Samsung Wave 5380 which offers a better package compared to this phone at a price not too much higher : 1. Bigger Screen: 3.2" v/s 3" 2. Wifi hotspot 3. Better Screen Resolution (HVGA v/s WQVGA) 4. GPS with A-GPS 5. Smartphone. However, with better looks, faster processor, better camera and media features, Nokia Asha 311 is a very good phone within its limitations, and good for users who are not too technically demanding.
I found this handset quite usefull for gaming . but as this is an android phone It does no has much internal memory, overall as compared to price it worths. It has 40ea games free with this handset which worth rs.2500/- and the camera is great
It is highly priced handset with same old operating system and low features. This company ruled India mobile market once by selling some quality handsets (As there was no competition for them at that time). I guess Nokia is not in the mood to lower the price for Indian market. At least they should see how Micromax is capturing the Indian market. I expected this handset to be priced at 3000-3500.
I bought this product 5 days back, the processor is hopelessly slow and automatically stops while downloading any file/program. Connecting to the site is absolutely hopeless, every time a pop up pops up stating no internet connection or try again. Wi-Fi is absolutely useless, please do not go by the processor speed it's of no use, though the camera is 3.2 MP but the pictures taken lacks clarity. Touch screen is great very responsive.
I bought it 3 days ago... *touch screen- really very very smooth *it has 3g also *display very very good *a 2gb memory card also came with this model *Music quality- headphone and loudspeaker really awesome *Net speed- Nice.. and support other browser also as uc browser *camera quality- very decent in a high light but when u snap in night or in tubelight u will not get so better quality picture *easy search of all apps as well as file manager also *very comfortable in hand *if u r going to buy asha series phone as asha 311, asha 305 and other so i recommend that plz go for it.. this phone will not despair u. my promise *i m using net with wi fi.. so it giving decent speed,, no hanging problem.. *Again saying Touch is Really very very smooth.. so overall Hit H boss..!!!
A perfect feature mobile has its right price. Phone hardware works excellent, like sensitive touch screen, calling facility, 3G network etc., the only problem I observed is the mobile OS symbion 40, why means I try remove the pre installed games to get some memory space free but it not possible to remove firmware installation.
everything is good but you can't configure your exchange email on this phone which is a Big disadvantage of this. internet browser is very slow you can't configure your exchange email on this phone which is a Big disadvantage of this. internet browser is very slow.
i haven't used a feature phone for quite a while now.but if i have to use one this is the phone i'll get.my friend has one and i must say this is the smartest feature phone i have seen.definitely value for money,unlike the cheap androids which are so laggy and horrible battery backup which give the worst smartphone experience for the user.
i got this mob yesterday and bam!.....i loved the very site of it! goods- awesome touchscreen(capacitative) one of the best map app ovi store has every app you want or need as light as a feather good internal memory storage quite the good looking one camera is good(3.2 mp) proximity sensor 40 free games from EA 3G,WAP 2.0,WIFI,Edge,etc. fastest processor in this price range bads- no flash qwerty keypad is a little hard to work with(if you never used it before on a touchscreen mob) everuthing else is very good excellent mob from Nokia NOTE-i did'nt buy it from flipkart
Every body is telling all features are available. But nobody said whether these features will work properly or not. I have purchased this mobile, used 6 days and exchanged with other mobile. These are main reasons not to buy this mobile. 1. WiFi is there, but it will never work properly. 2. Battery back-u only 12 hours 3. Camera clarity is worst. 4. Video clarity is worst. 5. Nfs car racing games are not that much effective. Please don't buy this mobile............ Worst product from Nokia.
Hi, I just got this phone yesterday only and found it not better than samsung Galaxy Y, u can't do maltasking in it, browser does'nt allow to open sites as nicely as "Y" does. Google Maps does'nt work in this. I would suggest if you want to go with this, pls drop your idea and go for Samsung Galaxy "Y" in this range.
the phone does not have group option,maps without gps worth nothing,touch sensitive is less and making music playlist is difficult in this phone otherwise its an nice phone with good camera,fastest internet,gud TFT touch pad n 1ghz processor.
I was in need of a phone, a basic one, for TEXTING, CALLING & MUSIC. I am not very fond of using internet on mobile. I found the spec. of Asha 311 very interesting. I ordered it on 25th Aug and without my surprise, got my phone on 27th Aug(thanks to flipkart) for four days i was proud and happy customer of Asha 311, till when I found my lock screen was getting hang. On that case I was unable to switch it off also. The only way to rectify it was force switch off(plugging off the battery). I called Flipkart and they responded me quickly on it. they released a patch and the screen hang problem rectified.(thanks to flipkart again) After that I started researching my phone and found follwing Cons. 1. 1 GHz processor is useless, because this phone didn't support multitasking for me atleast. 2. Wifi is little weak. 3. When loaded with lots of text messages, it started randomizing the items in the message box. The conversation items get jumbled. (Ex- conversation items of Person A can be found under the name of person B or Person C or in both). This was the major problem for me (basic need in phone for me). Don't know what was the matter behind this. But I don't have very positive opinion about this phone. So I was thinking again that 1 GHz processor for what ?? Not recommended !!
Before you purchase this model please go through this cons of this phone: 1) Service provider Signal reception is very poor. I'm a vodafone user, this model signal strength is very poor, in the room or in the road. 2) This model is lack good calculator, even a percentage (% )function is not available. 3) Converter is not available. 4) Lack of application support. 5) Essential applications like PDF & Office is not available for this model in Nokia Store. 6) Battery drained out in single day... if you access internet it will drained with in 1/2 day. 7)YouTube works but with poor video quality (240p), 8) Unnecessary application which may worthless for you 9) It is not a smartphone. 10) Less user friendly like other model of Nokia. PROS: 1) Faster 1 Ghz Processor. 2) Touch is smooth 3) Good for Gamer
its very silly add givin by all processer mobiles... a pc r a laptop with a processer dfntly needs a processer cooling fan.. exactly half d click rate of 1GHZ need not want fan.... dont u feel it a silly tak.... never belive in nokia n samung mobiles...... samsung is damn worst mobile,,, mmmmmmoooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee problms frm samsung
Nokia smart phone is worst quality product of Nokia,Specially Asha 311. I need to submit my product to the nokia care 2nd time in one month due to dispaly issue. It's advertisement of Need for speed game is not look like at all as advertisment.It's graphics is very poor and the game is also not good. You can find better mobile of other company within this price range. So,pls dont buy this product.
Well, if your budget is strictly below Rs. 6500/-, then this phone is the best you can have. However, I will recommend a better phone within rs 7000. LG Optimus L3 E400. This is a phone worth buying. here are the specs: Processor: Qualcom Snapdragon MSM2727 800 Mhz Cortex-A5 GPU: Adreno 200 Display: 240x320 125 ppi 3.2 inches TFT LCD screen Camera: 3.15 MP 2048x1536 with VGA video@25 fps OS: Android v2.3(Gingerbread) Memory: 384 MB RAM, 1 GB Internal, 192 MB ROM, 32GB SD slot Network: 3G, WiFi, GPS with A-GPS support, tethering. I have been using this phone for quite a while, and it supports great games like Temple Run, Fruit Ninja, Asphalt 5,6,7, GTA III, Assassin's Creed, etc. Adreno 200 is not that good but having a weak GPU is at least better than having none. Also L3 has more RAM, and 800 MHz Cortex A5 is much better than Asha's 1 GHz. Believe me, I've used Asha 311, and it's comparatively slower than L3. If you can extend your budget to Rs. 7000, you should buy this, and not Asha 311, because Asha is inferior to L3 in many aspects. The only disadvantage in L3 is that is suffers RAM shortage when playing HD games, which you can prevent by using Advanced task-killer or RAM Booster.
pls not sell this phone i reqest for flipkart customer this phone note smart phone very poor phone i am bought this phone 2 months ago in rs 6500 and cell this phone yesterday only 3500 rs i loss rs 3000 not buy any customer this phone my reqest
its not at all worth the price it retails for. something great is only the 1ghz processor. it even does not hav a 5mp camera, only a 3.2 wich is really boring. it may be 3g, and battery life is shown good, its very poor. battery standy time is only 48hrs. after using it, i recommend to not buy this phone
Nokia asha 311 a Symbian phone?? are you kidding?? who cares to buy a s40 symbian when one can get an android experience in Galaxy Y.. Galaxy y beats asha 311 in almost every aspect...starting from android which is the best mobile OS ever..Best user interface...Lots lots of free apps..from Play store... Samsung is the on the top of mobile market nowadays generating the best smartphones ever.Just give galaxy Y a try you will not regret. also asha does not support true multi-tasking...but galaxy y does.Moreover it has only 128mb Ram while galaxy y has 290mb RAM..asha has 1 ghz processor (god knows of which local company)..while galaxy y has ARM processor 832mhz but better than asha.. The camera of asha is 3.2mp but of poor quality...Galaxy Y has a Fantastic 2Mp camera which is of quality of 3.2Mp.. Asha has only 65k colors ...while galaxy Y has 256K colors..Imagine how much poor Display on asha.. Galaxy Y also has a A-GPS..which is missing in asha.. galaxy Y is absolutely better than asha 311...Just go for it.
Please don't go for this guys/gals. You will be in trouble. Enormous touchpad problem and worst internet browsing.
Just started using it and I love it more than the previous Android/Samsung phone I had. Great design, colour and performance. Value-for-money purchase.
it is the worst product u can ever expect from nokia.. It has 1GB RAM with no use.. generally 1GB RAM is much more in rs. 6000 but it is useless... It hangs in new style daily... unlimited hangs and lag in operation.. too much disappointed with this product from NOKIA...
its too good, flipkart service and the product obtained. i don't need really an android phone which consumes my whole the time . i just want the basic one, best camera than compared to similar range android phones and a worth of paid money. if you are apps lovers don't go for it.guys.
Bought this phone on 5th Jan 2013 and was looking to be good as the usual Nokia phones be. But soon after 2 month the touch pad stopped working and I made it to go Nokia care, there the people first made few irrelevant arguments about the online shopping warranty, then I strongly made a defense for my claim and anyhow made it repaired. Nokia care recommended to get it replaced with some extra money being charged for this. It happened twice. This incident was at Nokia care Ranchi Center. Now the warranty is over and the same issue. Touch Pad gone.. Its really freaking with a Nokia product now. Not so good for its goodwill.
Pros: Very Good Battery Backup Camera is good Internet Speed 1mbps in 2G (I did not use 3g in 3G u could get upto 5 to 12mbps I think based on network) Very good games Package 40 games + u can have free games gift from gamesloft also U did not get gorilla glass for this cost Minus: No flash camera No Secondary Camera Sometimes It will restarts After U use Internet Updates: There is Updates from Nokia Store
Good product at this price, delivery is within SLA and no hassles at all. Nokia Asha 311, I bought for my wife and she was happy by seeing this product. Perfect colour
PROS 1)GOOD INTERFACE 2)GOOD DISPLAY 3)GOOD MUSIC CONS 1) NO ORIENTATION LOCK 2) FEW FEATURES MISSING FROM THOSE OF BASIC S40 MODELS
This phone is worth buying. I had bought it in 6.5k and then it was one of the high range phones. I was not that familiar with android. To be honest it is a good phone but not the best out there. There are many better phones which are even android. I will start with the cons Cons: 1) It is S40 OS. Quite outdated not even the alive app works. 2) There are very few useful apps available. 3) Overpriced 4) Hangs if 3g is switched on for quite some time. 5) Wifi reception is not that good. Even standing under the transmitter you get only 46%-70% signal. 6) It is just 3 inch screen. Pros: 1) The touch is smooth. 2) It is user-friendly. 3) Call recording. 4) 3g streaming is fast and 2g is not at all slow. 5) Voice clarity is excellent. 6) Resistant to rough handling and also water(you can just dry it for a while and it will start working again) unlike sony xperia Z as claimed in their ads. Overall 4 star is fine. I have been using this phone for 2 years and no repair has been required till now.
I purchased this product and it's a genuine, its really good and owesome. Thanks to the seller as well as the website(Flipkart) including all the workers. Thanks for fast and save shipping.
Good Mobile with Budget...the only problem i found so far is there are lot of default apps which you don't need and unfortunately nobody can delete this.....Again it's killing your internal memory.
I am very much disappointed to inform you all that Nokia Asha 311 is a worst model. Though it has some features but it is not at all useful for any official use. It is my humble request that Samsung and other products are much better than this kind of mobile. Shame on you Nokia
very bad product... un-usable internet... lousy touch interface... there are better products in market for this price. don't buy it. ever!
my mom gifted me this phone on my birthday in september....i was so happy but spending some time with this phone i came to know that the apps which i want in this phone that i can't use...very disappointed with asha 311....attention galaxy y is good enough then asha 311 at this budget... the phone hangs if we try to load any high volume web site... does not allow to open pdf files... by downloading such apps the phone starts hang... And the main disadvantage of it is ITS HEATING WHILE CHARGING...
This phone with the best of features at this price is not recommended. The touchcreen hangs every now and then. Once the screen hangs, I cannot do anything with it.It is like a dead phone. STRONGLY NOT RECOMMENDED
Good price n awesome phone i use this product since 1 yr ago n i didnt get any problem with this phone
I have purchased a pink one for me.. I have got all the features in it that I needed.. The price is also fair enough...................... I am very happy with my phone :)
I had a Nokia phone before which I had used for almost 4 years without any problems. That was the main reason I chose to go for Nokia Asha 311 from my earlier Samsung 3310i. Unfortunately, this phone has several drawbacks: 1] UI response is slow (takes some getting used to, but not a show stopper) 2] Network reception is tricky. Inside Bangalore city, I would experience frequent call drops when using this phone, which never happened when I was using the Samsung 3310i. After a lot of frustration, I discovered that if I change the Network mode to "2G" instead of choosing "3G" or "Automatic", then the reception is ok. By default, the phone comes with this configuration option set to "Automatic" 3] Call history display is inadequate. Time of call is not recorded in call history, for calls which were made before today. The time stamp for calls shows up as "yesterday" for all calls made yesterday. On any Android phone or the older Samsung 3310, I could get exact time at which calls were made for any call in the log. 4] Apps availability : To avoid being bombarded with tele marketing calls, the older feature phones and Android phones have a "reject list" feature/app. No such feature or app is available with this phone. 5] Poor hardware quality : A small impact is enough to kill the touchscreen. In my case, the phone fell from my hand to my desk, hardly a couple of inches away and that was enough to make the touchscreen non-operational. No amount of battery removal/replacement can recover the phone and a visit to the Nokia care center is necessary 6] Wifi reception is poor : The phone struggles to detect Wifi in areas where a laptop can comfortably detect multiple networks. Probably not fair to compare a phone against a laptop, but poor nevertheless. I wouldnt recommend this phone to anyone. -- Edit --- The touchscreen broke down once and I got it fixed at a Nokia care center. Now, within a span of 4 months, the touch screen conked off again !! Goodbye Nokia
the camera is brilliant, the touch response is good, and the company is Nokia.... what else does one need??? the delivery was very fast indeed less than one day.... great purchase and i am saying this after using this product for 6 months..
All time favourite. Evergreen mobile from nokia and color is........... its cute. Just get it for your loved ones.
Touch screen quality if very important when buying a phones, so check if the phone has capactive touchscreen like other smartphones or resistive like atm machines. Also even if the touch screen is capacitive, check for touch quality. Check for battery life also.
As per ma personal experience lemme tell you why u need to buy this. -Looks- stylish & decent enough. -Touch quality at this price is mind blowing. -One can get plenty of java touchscreen games for this phone. -Customization is a little difficult though but there are some free themes and really beautiful themes which u can purchase @ Ur store. -Durable phone trust me!! i have been using it for the past 1 year & 4 months. I have even extended my warranty. This phone has fallen from ma hand for more than 15 times on the screen with battery and cover apart and not only this but it has fallen from the the first floor of my college corridor and is still working amazingly smooth and fast. - There is no such phone @ this price with such good looks,quality,durability and all the social networking sites that anyone would need. (Whats app, Line, Hike, Twitter,Facebook, Nimbuzz, easily accessible mails and a Lotta stuff) BUT IF YOUR BUDGET IS MORE THAN 5600 YOU CAN GO FOR ANY OTHER PHONE :)
I have bought this Phone from local market for rs.5850 about 3 moths ago.. many of my friends suggested For Cheap droids of MMX,Xolo,Lava,etc.,etc.... But i Trusted nokiA for their thumsup service since my first phone nokis 2323c-2 to 2626,5130,,and bought asha 311... I appreciate my choice after seeing my friends' lava mmx condition....They all are busy travelling between their home and Service centre...haha:D..and my phone is still flawless and running like a master.... Pros: #1-> The Hardware Quality(Nokia's Benchmark) #2-> The O.S,,,cute cute...ummmmmaaaaahhhhhhh:* and Flawless #3-> RAM 128MB more than sufficient for S40 #4-> could be better if nokia have provided 5m.p. but gud quality snaps #5-> net speed uh la la...... i was getting constant above 550 kbps downloading speed with airtel 3G #6-> Hang Free Lag Free Cons-> None encountered Uptil now
i am using this phone from more then one year. it is worst Nokia phone among which i used . still i can write some proc and cons so lets see few proc - good looking phone - free 40 ea games - 3g - fast cons -bad touch quality -bad battery performance (if u use WiFi or 3g can not be used more then 4 hours) -in my case i found bad nokia service....i got repaired my phones touch 3 time in warranty period and whenever i asked them to change touch they told if same problem will happen again then they will change. and when my warranty got over and again same problem happened and then they told no other solution they have to change touch. -no good apps -no gps -nokia map is not even useful -less internal memory
I bought this phone expecting an android-like performance... but was disappointed. Not as many apps as today's fast growing android-world. But this was the first ever NOKIA phone that I've seen with an excellent touch response...which is the main reason I bought it. But the lack of apps kind of makes the strength of the phone useless... Most of the apps available are not so appealing to today's users... I found them really boring and not at par with it's competitor android's apps... My advice... go for another phone... The camera is OK-ish...(only beacause it is 3.2 MP...nothing new or interesting)
IN THIS PRICE GO FOR SAMSUNG ANDROID NOT JAVA PHONE LIKE AS ASHA 311. MAHA BAKWAAS PHONE. EK BAAR LO JHELO BAAR BAAR.
The only benefit of this phone is that you can Download songs from Nokia Music within few secs. But apart from this 40 EA sports games are pathetic.These games are only for 5-8 years Kid. Phone's touch is good however the touch being good without any feature on which it can be used on is simply useless. Limited themes are available and it doesn't make much of a difference to the phone's look. It has Gorrilla Glass, which is the best part of it. Sound is good.(Every Nokia phone has) All I can say, with a 6000 budget its better to go for any Low brand phones like Micromax or Xolo, atleast you will not be dissapointed.
Good Product from Nokia. Good Battery that lasts given my usage. Reasonable cost. Great service from Flipkart.
My mom has exactly like this and its pretty good! I read other comments and some complained that this phone had to be repaired 2 times in just less than a year...but that depends on the user of the phone.My mom is always careful with her phone.and ...1 year had passed but its still in a perfect shape and no need for repairs! So go on and buy it!
on this date there are many options other than this phones. i purchased this phone 1 year ago and as usual, it is still really like a new phone. i will point out some pros andd cons. customer has its own decision but my opinion is go for some android in this range. PROS: 1) good battery life 2) above average camera (you cant expect a very good camera phone in this price range) 3) easy to use user interface. 4) good touch screen 5) gorilla glass screen 6) good design 7) good screen resolution for a 3 inch phone 8) fluidic fast experince 9) good sound 10) proximity sensor works good. when placed at year while making calls, it automatically deactivates the screen. 11) when phone rings, we can make it silent by simply turning the phone screen downwards. 12) has a notification light between call and end button. nokia makes it so that the source of this light cannot be seen. it glows when there is a missed call or a text message. CONS: 1) like all nokia phones (i dont know about lumia or belle phones) its volume keys does not work when locked. 2) i dont know if my phone do this only but sometimes when i activate moblie data and open whatsapp, internet doesnt immediately starts only in this app. it activates after 30 min of browsing. 3) sometimes it automatically restarts when using some apps some apps like scrolling photos in gallery, using nokia xpress browser and some other apps. 4) in xpress browser, after search in 2 -3 times on google, google search website appears appears with no search result. instead use uc or opera mini for browsing. 5) we cannot pause in shooting a video. biggest stupidity of nokia. 6) it does not support some flash files that other s40 keypad phones easily supports. 7) nokia showed false ad that this phone is good for gaming only by 1ghz proccesor. but ram space and os also matters. it only supports java games but yes it can play high requirement java games like angry birds. 8) angry birds seasons is very laggy. nokia promised that angry birds rio will also come but nothing happened. first part of angry birds works good. 9) the 3 inch screen dimensions are not good. we cannot type easily in potrait. but you need some practice and thumbs should be small. you can do landscape for typing. but excluding some apps, it doesnt support landscape virtual keypad which is a shame on an accelarometer equipped phone. 10) we can set wallpaper only for lock screen. there is no improtance of wallpaper but you can change icons by changing themes 11) we cannot copy the text to clipboard like other s40 phones 12) we cannot turn off camera sounds even in silent. 13) cannot control brightness. VERDICT: buy this phone only if you want 3g and dont have faith in any other chinese and indian company. if you dont want 3g, go for nokia asha 501. otherwise intex y2 cloud, xolo a500s and micromax canvas fun are also good options
Flipkart service is simply amazing. I have placed 3 orders via Flipkart and all of them had been delivered atleast one day prior to the promised date (awesome!). The product - Nokia Asha 311, (came with battery, headpohone, charger, 2GB SD card and manual). I am not a gadget guru or a games expert, but a average user (calls, text, browsing/email, mp3 songs, radio, themes, doc/pdf viewing, file transfer (BT) & occasionally take pictures ). Asha meets all these demands, except for document/pdf viewer. There was one feature that made me disappointed with Nokia Lumia 520 i.e., no file manager. Asha 311 has that one too. (Yes. I am glad that i can use my phone as a pendrive :) ). I believe the browser in Asha 311 has a cache, which will provide the page (without fetching from internet), when you go to previous page (whereas, IE browser in Lumia didnt had such cache - so you pay for every visit forward and every visit backwards and i guess without going backwards till the first page visited, you can't close the browser - I may be wrong. But it appeared so.) For those who consider worth for money and don't want to be proud of having a high end smart PC on their palms - this one's for us!
First things first, Nokia is falling. Nokia Asha 311 is another extremely disappointing phone. Actually we Indians are used to demand best things in a cheap price. That's where Nokia was good at earlier times and emerges as a trusted brand in India and may be the world. But with the technology growing day by day they have to upgrade them and have to come with a good model in a cheap price. But there was no equilibrium. Them the software problems started in each and every new phones of Nokia. Asha 311 its also no other than that. I've changed so many phones in my life since I've started using cell, may be its around 25-26. Only one phone is from other company, all the remaining phone are from Nokia. I can say clearly and loudly from my worst experience in so many cases that the response that you get from Nokia is too bad. Pros: 01. Touch is good than the previous models. 02. Camera quality is really good while being only 3.2 MP compared to others. 03. Expandable upto 32 GB. 04. Support both 3G & 2G Cons: 01. Don't have desktop. 02. Phone screen automatically turns white and restarts. 03. Screen resolution very low. 04. No secondary camera. 05. Internet call doesn't work properly. 06. Touch screen doesn't at all in a few months. 07. Battery becomes too bad at times suddenly (don't know why). 08. Speed is not upto the mark. So, the summery of the story in short is - I WILL NOT EVEN BUY A LOTTERY TICKET IF THE PRIZE INCLUDES ANY NOKIA PHONE THERE. Just tired of Nokia. Sorry, if some of you don't agree with me. This is my personal view. Thanks
it had to repaired twice in less than a year even after the nokia care had completely replaced me witha a new set...........
This phone is really fast and good looking but the Nokia Store has very low no. of apps specially for gaming purposes. This phone's UI is very fast. It is very fast in terms of startup and switching off. It have used the product for more than 6 months and i like it very much. also a 2gb card will be in the box so no need to buy extra.
The main problem is low RAM... Otherwise very good. Hardware and UI is good... Many high standard games like Plants vs. Zombies, NFS Shift, Where's my Water are available for this phone...
Its a nice phone for basic talking purpose or as a backup.Appearance is sophisticated.So,overall a smart buy but no wow factor as a smart phone.Just a basic one.
after using for one years---there are some pros and cons pros: excellent battery back up last for 11-12 hours for normal usage hardy set very good touch response (capacitive) cons- poor camera quality(3.1 mp) (asha 202 is better than it) do not support many apps overall the phone is good.usser friendly....nokia didn't disappoint me...for budget nokia phone go grab it!!!!!!!!
This phone can't run my skype even symbian support it. The support exist in 308 and other model but not in 311. 308 is dual and 311 not. 308 have less effective camera when this have. If you like dual then save 2000 and go for 308 otherwise camera-wise this is better. I post this review in 2013 but I bought this phone in 2012. Symbian is totally died now. Nobody make their apps instead of very few people. If you want to spent 6K buck then go for android phone.
flipkart service very good mobile nice at this range. Good built,Good touch,easy to handle low quality .camera.nokia is goods brand
this is an excellent phone. i had gifted my gf on as new year gift. look is awesome and features are gr8. she liked it very much..
Most easy to use interface and great features . Sometimes wifi doesn't connect . The best one for beginners to use touch screen. Must buy for elders or if you want low cost good features mobile.
Bought this mobile for my dad as he didn't want something costly. Durability and economic phone from nokia. Unfortunately the phone has a problem with the back cover of the battery (its flimsy and loose). The looks are good and works fine as a basic smart phone.
Please do not buy this phone. Always gets stuck after some use. Touch screen completely frozen. No way to make calls or do anything.
I bought this for my dad. initially he reluctant to use this phone, as this is his first touch screen model. in with in a week, he could accommodate with this phone and start using its features. now he is happy with this product, loves a lot. That's the uniqueness of Nokia. It keeps its functions simple and easy to use. In terms of performance it is great and outstanding.
It is the best phone that I have ever used. Although it is not that Android one but it supports all the apps that are available in android. The main part about this phone is that it is very fast. It has the 1GHz processor and I think this is the best option under this price range. Also the Camera gives the quality of a 5MP not that 3.2. Gr8 phone and Gr8 choice. Strongly Recommend.
Thanks to flipkart for its awesome sevice. Honestley I don't want to give any comments about this phone. Because I gifted this phone to my sister. She sid that, The gift is simply Awesome.
good UI, No lag.. sometimes face difficulty with WiFi not being recognized and prefers Data connection to be ON. Cons: No future support probably. Hence cant expect a new apps. Verdict: good low end smartphone. 1Ghz Processor makes it glide, and really good battery backup.
User Interface is simple and nice. Touch is fine. Hangs when using for multiple application. Sound quality needs improvement.
Look is good but calling options and touch is not good . .
Compared to any other phones in this price range, nokia 311 is the best. got all the features required for a naive user. in terms of look, feel and appeal, this is a very good phone I am very happy with this product
I bought this phone on Friday (23rd Aug 2013) and I already dislike the phone. The touch keypad is highly unresponsive! To unlock the phone itself is a big task, you literally need to push your finger with all your might on the screen . And I used to message quite a bit but now dislike doing it, as the screen is too small to have a Qwerty keypad and using the the Phone keypad mode, you would take forever to type. If there was anyway I could return it , I would do so. I am highly dissatisfied with the phone
** update*** After writing the review below, I now notice that the signal reception is weak on this phone. From beginning it was showing weak signal strength, but since we had BSNL network, I though it may be due to their problem. Shifting to Airtel this week however did not help. All the other phones in the house show full signal, but this one shows weak and varying signal strength. The problem worsens inside the house and when held in hand (thereby blocking the antenna which is in the back). No other Nokia phone I had/have has this problem.The calls used to get cut in between. Not sure if this a consistent problem with this phone, but buyers please take a note. Would not recommend this phone --------------- Nokia Asha 311 was bought only 3 weeks back, and it has given me a good impression already. I bought this phone for our 15 year old son. Please note that it uses standard sized sim and not micro sim as mentioned in Flipkart web page (hope they correct this). This phone, in summary has got most of the basics right. It works nicely as a simple phone with internet and other stuff only to be used in case of emergency. It does not shine as a smart phone, but does a good job as a simple phone. Pros: 1) Good battery life, 3 days standby time (minimal usage) 2) Excellent user interface for all commonly used functions. smooth touch screen 3) Decent voice quality, esp the speaker phone, good FM radio 4) Nice bright screen, usable outdoors under bright conditions (display brightness cannot be adjusted, however) Cons: ** weak signal reception, see above ** 1) Browser is slow and buggy, screen too small for web browser 2) Relatively low resolution screen (still ok for most purposes ) 3) No GPS, no flash for camera 4) Very low system memory (only 64MB usable), does not help even if SD card is expandable, as all contacts, apps etc need to be installed in the system memory 5) hardly any apps available for the series 40 OS, no google maps etc 6) Some menus (like adding user specific ring tones) can be quite non-intuitive, no good user manual If you want use it mainly as a simple phone, it has got all things in place, but don't expect to install a lot of extra apps or any other high end stuff.
I bought this phone (but not from flipkart) i used it for a year , but that one year was just too much , seriosly first few weeks it was great but then it used to get hanked sometimes and many other small errors . This phone is not that big (screen) but yes in this range its good. You can buy nokia lumia 510 instead of this . There is not much difference in the cost , maybe by just paying 800 more you can buy lumia , and both are from the same company but one is asha and one is lumia , i suggest lumia is much better in its performance , because i bought it last month and it is really worth its cost.
Purchased from flipkart, but since beginning i faced some network related issues. Could not able to connect through Wi-Fi anywhere. Also whatsapp is not running in phone. Not a user friendly phone at all. Basic users may find it difficult to do some settings. Also uninstalling any application is difficult. I myself using android phone which is very easy to use whether it is Wi-Fi or whatsapp or any other application Won't recommend to anybody.
One should not purchase this product as a smart phone as this phone cannot download most of the apps which a normal smart phone can do,for eg.Viber, Many games,Poor Graphics.It is waste of money,time and effort
Hats off to Flipkart service within 30hrs of ordering i got my phone in my hands.Price is damn cheap compared to other sites & got 8GB card free even though i got 2GB in the box. Waited & checked Nokia Asha 501 but which i found not smooth as Asha 311 mainly due to 1GHZ processor. Pros: 1.Handy 2.Pleothra connectivity options 3.USB Charging(Most nokia phones doesn't support this option) 4.Social network connectivity Cons: 1.Average battery performance 2.Lack of Flash light 3.Low resolution Screen
I bought this phone for my father who never used a touch screen phone. This is a good phone with loaded features. It is very competitive in its range ofcourse lowest in price as compared to other brands.
Pretty good product in such a low budget. It was a gift to some one. We had our doubts first but it turned out to be a good choice. It's been 3 months and no complaints so far
Updating the product to v7.92 killed several features including push notification, mail for exchange, ability to use some apps effectively. Apparently, the update proved to be more of a downgrade! Lost confidence in Nokia now.
I was pleasantly surprised by this phone.I got fed up with Android smartphones and thought I would try something else. Screen is sensitive and responsive. Size is just about right.Fits well in the hand and pocket and to the pocket. Does all the basic functions right. Music and Maps are good.Maps need updating as road names haven't been updated. Plenty of games like Bejewelled and Angry Birds are free. Browser a bit slow and not many apps for S40 e.g pdf reader. Phone is 3G with wifi and bluetooth. There is FM radio but requires headset as antenna
I got this phone from flipkart. for its price, really grate. I bought it for my father. He finds it very comfortable with this phone. the touch is very smooth and easy to get things done. Smart choice for low budget smartphone.
Nokia warranty nice aesthetics wifi is good easy to operate screen size is medium but it only make it easy to operate not as good as other android phones but simple to use basic functions battery is not good , phone drain it out
Using the phones for last 8 mnths only faced 1 problm i.e, few tyms the phone auto restrt itself ...... Pros ( NOT MENTIOND IN ABOVE specs nd cmnts):- 1)SUPPORTS OTG (although officials of nokia care doesnt know).......... Cons :- 1)no option to off the sound of camera ........ just updted ur nokia asha 311 software to V7.36 ....it iz amazing ...... Provided some extraa featrs like mail sync,it can copy msg to notes/calendar,hike , ebuddy , few games (poker and many new games) , some icons of apps are change;etc and another update of nokia xpress browser which supports multi - window browsing .......given 4 star bcj the phn auto restrt itself few tyms & price iz little higher acc. to the provided features....for any query ask me on twitter ..my id :- SubhamGhosh5
I find this phone very useful for the price being charged. Pros (in given order) 1. Good Battery (without your 3G and mail services it will go for 3 days) 2. 1 GHZ processor. Some of the games were good to work. 3. Nokia music store - great benefit. download non pirated music. 4. Screen is good and is decently visible in strong sunlight 5. Good speaker. i use it during my gym and the quality is really good Cons 1. Still believe that the price could be lower (around 5k would have been appropriate) 2. Could have slots for 2 SIMs 3. Missed phone numbers you can't store. you have to manually store any contact.
camera touch 3g wifi low weight every thing in rs. 6000/- with nokia brand name. ideal for ladies. software similliar as iphone. camera quality is fine, touch is fine. back cover is very beautiful. speaker quality is not fine and bad placement. all over very good phone in this budget
Be warned this product isn't supplied with Micro-USB cable which allows you to connect to PC. Which is necessary to update your phone software periodically or copy musics files from PC. Youtube videos don't play when connected to WiFi, battery drains a lot more quickly. Touch screen and phone is very responsive and I hardly encountered any lags. In local markets this phone is sold with a free Envent headset. Which is not supplied with this product.Although I would have been more happy if instead of giving the headset for free they had the deducted the cost of the headset and sold this for subtracted cost. The photos and videos taken by the inbuilt camera of this phone is very bad compared to other phone from similar price range. This phone has basic features.
Awesm phone!!...!! Love it so very muchh!.. Unbreakable phone! Stylish phone! Perfect phone wod dis price! Camera is also nice. There are many features in dis phn! I'm Luving It.!. NOKIA ROCKZZ.. No wrds fr dis phone..... I LOVE MY PHONE SO VERY MUCH!!!!!....
I had been using nokia phones from the time i started using mobile. but this phone changed my mentality regarding nokia. its not a good phone. most of the apps are nt supported by it. i tried installing many apps like viber, skype , adobe reader etc .bt it ds nt supports any of them. and above all it has ntwk issue also. most of the time it shows no n/w bt in my brothers phn who uses the sim of the same srvc provider it shows full ntwk. it has much more issues. i would suggest to go for some other phns which are much more worthy at the same price. :(
Awesome service from Flipkart! Got the product within a day of ordering. Packaging was also excellent. About the phone: My first impression is "Good product from Nokia"! Purchased it for my wife. She is just entering the world of touch screen smart phones and her gateway is Nokia Asha 311! Her usage of a mobile phone is mainly for calling and texting. Now, she intends to surf occasionally as this phone has both wi-fi and 3G support. The build qality of this device is robust. The touch screen is very responsive. Camera produces decent pics in good light. All the basic apps are already there in the phone. Battery backup is good enough, considering normal usage with the occasional surfing thrown in between. Surfing wasn't too hard with the wi-fi. Overall, it is a good buy for someone who is getting initiated into the smart phone world. P.S.: The phone came bundled with a 2GB micro SD card. This wasn't mentioned in the Flipkart site. Pleasant surprise :)
Brought this phone not from flipkart but from nokia dealer. OK phone. Some essential things missing like copy paste, making contact groups. Screen is only 52k colours, youtube playable, but not with wifi and only 240p. Touch screen is very sensitive and very good for this price. I dropped this phone so many times accendentaly but the screen is just unbreakable, and not even a scratch on it.
A few calls and the battery meter drops by a point. Left overnight without calls, the battery meter drops by a further point! And this phone a not even a month old. My previous Nokia 2700 worked for 4 days on one full charge - why can't we have similar battery life anymore? The phone connects to computer via USB cable for data transfer etc. but the battery does not charge even after many hours of being connected to the USB port. Voice quality is good while the user interface is fair. A budget phone and nothing else. Buy only if next to a power source all the time. Update from December 2013. I bought the Nokia 311 in late March 2013, by beginning of Dec 2013, the touch screen started to fail. I received calls but could not unlock the screen to make calls. Rather than get into repair (during which period I would have to buy another phone to stay connected), I sold this phone at a throwaway price (while the touchscreen was fortunately working) and bought a Micromax A76 (with a 2000 mAH battery!). I am shocked by the failure of the 311. I have never abused the phone (not dropped, nor exposed to rain etc.) - yet the phone failed. The email did not work well - the phone never charged on USB (although it was connected - I could take backups) and had a lousy battery life. In other words - just stay away from Nokia 311 - a third class phone from a company I used to respect a lot for their superb build quality. Today, I doubt if I will buy a Nokia phone ever again. Nokia 311 is not recommend at all.
It's a very good product.only one feature of this mobile i appreciate very much that the touch sensitivity and many application.My sister like it very much,so i gift to my sister.after buy this product i ask some retailer but the price is high . so i like flipkart.
Purchased this phone, total waste of money. It has hardware issue, each time it goes to not reachable or sim not inserted... i have to switch off and then remove sim and re insert.. total waste.... instead can go for micromax products... Nokia always provides defective products in touchscreen sector
I bought this mobile from Flipkart, Flipkart service and delivery is too good. Thansk Flipkart. About the product, battery is not impressive, I couldnt find some features like sending messages to call log numbers, copy & paste of text. Not supporting all WIFI security formats. No preview option for sending business card as text message.
I bought this for my brother . he is B.Tech 1st year . he asked about android mobile . but i have trust in nokia .. by specifications it has 3g , wi-fi , 3.2MP , Gorilla glass .. specifications are ok . But the mobile is really buttery smooth .. unlimite music download .. useful apps like whatsapp , games etc. Finally i am satisfied with money and it gave more value to money ..
flipkart delivery is awesome.. The Nokia 311 is a very competitively priced handset and comes with all the features necessary for a phone for a normal use. touch is good value for money clarity of camera is excellent.and also has a self timer. i highly recommend this product.
Let me be clear right from the start by saying that if you expect this to be on par with a low end Android device you will be mistaken. Don't get me wrong, this thing is beautiful and sturdy. I've had it for 6 months now and dropped it more times than I care to admit. I'd never need to admit it either because it still looks brand new. Nokia built it that well. The glass is coated with Corning's protective layer so you needn't worry about it at all. I, however, take issue with the software on board. I'm not going to moan about a lack of apps (There aren't any available so to speak. If you want those get a low end Android) or customizability (Most 3rd party themes look terrible anyway) but with some of the key usability aspects of the device. Let me give you an example. Like most touchscreen phones these days, the Asha 311 includes a proximity sensor that switches the display off when you put it to your ear during a call. This prevents you from accidently interacting with the phone. Good in theory BUT if you get a WhatsApp message during the call, the screen comes to life anyways. Worse it launches directly into the WhatsApp conversation and extends the virtual keyboard. I've sent zillions of messages to people while making calls without intending to. Further, within WhatsApp itself you cannot use the landscape keyboard. You must use it in portrait which is really hard when walking, as the keys are very close together especially if you're using the full keyboard layout like I am (as opposed to the alpha - numeric one which takes forever to type on). Issues such as these prevent this phone from being truly great. Ultimately I'd ask you to seriously consider spending 4k more and getting a Lumia 520. It comes with all of the robustness that you would expect from Nokia, while packing Windows Phone 8 (an OS that stands head and shoulders above the rest in every truly meaningful way). If you do choose an Asha 311, the hardware at least will not let you down.
i bought this mobile for my sister..good hardware by nokia.very handy and good appearance(rose red).3.2mp camera is good in daylight.my order date 25-02-2013...this product already updated_latest version 5.92..wifi work well and good battery backup.PDF supported (instal eZReader Doc PDF Lite). The device is run on_1 GHz processor and smooth functioning of applications and games(angry birds,EA games and extra...).
Very gud phone... Best value for money... Good features.... Worth it... good apps.... Free unlimitied song download for 3 months from Nokia music... 2 GB memoery card was included which was a pleasant surprise...
I was looking to buy a phone of this range since a long time and then I came across Nokia Asha 311. Just to get a hands on experience I went to a retail outlet and checked out the phone and I liked it at that very instant itself. So I decided to buy it from Flipkart. The phone is just awesome. PROS: The 1Ghz processor is flawless, The touch is also cool. Sound quality is quite good. Easy to use. Looks cool. the only CONS about the phone that i felt was the earphones. The earphones could have been a lot better. As far as Flipkart is concerned, have been telling this time and again, you guys rocks..!!
I don't see a reason why i shouldn't rate this product as 5 out of 5. Ordered this piece of beauty for my father. Hoping that he shouldn't be left behind in this age of technology. I was worried if this turns out to an overdose for him. But boys was i surprised! This has such user friendly interface that even the most tech frenzy geek would fall in love with it. Well, my father simply loved it. And my mother is simply jealous of him ;-). No guys but seriously, when the screen is off/locked, it looks stunning. The Black in white combi is too good. And as an icing on the cake, the sliver strip on the bottom adds to its charm. Turn the screen unlock button that's on the right of the phone, and the first thing one can not omit to notice is the beautiful touch response. Simply amazing. You wont find a slightest of lag on the touch. Simply amazing. I have experienced a couple of budget touch screen phones Like samsung Champ Deluxe, Star 3 G & Galaxy Y(Couldn't lay my hands so far on Tipo), and this phone has given me an amazing experience. To be honest, even i am jealous of my dad now ;-) At this price point, this is simply the best that money could buy. Thank you NOKIA for making such masterpieces. I was & will always be an honest & Faith full customer(BTW i am about to order Galaxy Grand in a weeks time. Sorry for this time. ) FLIPPY- You are a rocking site. And i Lo=ve you.
flipkart did an awesome job by delivering on time. This phone has lots of apps like whatsapp, gmail, facebook, weather forecast...and so on. Very user friendly. Loved this phone. You just need a wifi and you can access anything on the internet
After Much Research And Searching For A Nokia Phone, I Found This On Flipkart And I Really Liked The Specifications And Features... The Sand White Colour Adds Bling To The Mobile... In addition, The Price of the Mobile Was Within my Budget... Thumbs Up To The Delivery Of Flipkart... 3.2mp Camera At This Plus Point Is An Attractive Feature, The 1 GHz Processor Is Another Good Feature...
touch was excellent.. looking good.... but initially i face problem with phone memory..due to this my phone is slowed and restarts while opening apps.....IT IS SOLVED BY RE-INSTALLING THE PHONE SOFTWARE....now i am happy with the phone..but small disappoint there is on gps...
I bought this phone 2 months back and since than struggling to find Apps through which I can make Voip calls. Almost every App which I was using on my Nokia E63 can not be loaded on this phone for example, Skype, Fring, Mobile Voip, Viber, etc.. Luckily there is facebook but guess what you need to shut down facebook programme to receive or make a call. According to me this is only good for making calls.
I Purchased this from nokia center . Phone is very good for minmal Use this is not exaclty smart phone but you will some thing smart while using it . Pros: *touch is exeptionaly good. *speed is also thunderly good. *light weight and handy device . *nokia maps , 3G speed and wifi speed also up to expectations. *Light ambients cencer makes this adorable. Cons: *As Nokia is knowen to its limitations that also true with this phone *menu items cant be organise in diffrent diffrent screens still some apps can be shown in one panal but not all *minimal operating funtions and keys. *even cant make its camera sound off *screen could be better if it were just 3.2inch My Problem : I dnt able to get working wifi and mobile n/w properly , some apps here always takes mobile internet as the only n/w ... even i have wifi at my home and workplace both. still i had to use mobile internet
everything is ok with this phone.. touch screen is good.. capacitive one. easy to work.. the only de-merit about this phone is that its battery.. 14 hr talk-time on 2G is only on papers. it gives maximum 5 hrs of talktime on 2G. overall its nice and u r getting 3G phone with affordable amount.
handset stopped working after slipping from the hand, completely dead, running behind nokia service centers for the past two months, pathetic. handle the phone carefully. very week body, 311 is not like earlier nokia, where it works even falling thousand time.
First i appreciate the Flipkart for the delivered the Phone on next day itself, Mobile looking very nice , and user friendly , but my experience in this module network signal not supporting well . suddenly the signal will lost on this phone even i'm using this phone on Newdelhi .
Got it on second working day....so great service...... Nice phone ... with good battery life....touch is superb....with good looks....Overall nice buy... Only thing missing is A-Gps.....but then for this price range .... its an excellent product...
With the amount of time I spend with my Nokia Asha 311, my friends have started calling it my new crush or my new girlfriend. This phone is so good with all its features that I just can’t seem to put it down. I love the way this phone looks and it seems to reflect my personality. Inside this phone is a powerful 1 GHz processor, which is perfect for running memory-intensive apps, games and watching movies and videos. What I love the most about my Asha 311 is the bundled package of 40 premium EA Games titles that seem to come to life on the 3-inch capacitive touchscreen. My phone has a proximity sensor and orientation sensors to ensure that my gaming experience is totally immersive. All visuals are displayed with brilliance on the touchscreen. As much as swiping across the screen to scroll through the menus is convenient, it looks cool too! Capturing images on the 3.2 MP camera of my Asha 311 is a breeze and the snaps come out pretty good. I can even record videos at 30 fps with up to 4x zoom. Sharing these videos on YouTube is also possible.
I have ordered this product through flipkart & thanks to flipkart that i have received the product in 1 day!! Following are the reviews and suggessions from my side for those who opt to buy this. Pros: 1) 1Ghz Processor!!!(Nothing much to tell about it). 2)Very nice sound quality. 3)Improved Battery. 4)Less time to get charged compared to other mobile phones. 5)Preloaded Games!!!(since it is preloaded, it will gwt opened with less buffer time, The another reason is its 1Ghz processor) 6)Camera clarity- Unbeatable Cons as per my opinion: 1)Display is very very small. 2)Screen size, display clarity is a mess!!( U will hate watching movies in mobile if u started using this to watch ur favourite movie:P) 3)Price: I feel the price is bit higher, though it has good configuration, first look ppl will definitely predict it should be below 5k rs..but its not:) Thats all from my side, Overall its a great Phone!!! Nothing to Blame unless the Price:P
This is Nokia Asha 311, using since last two days and I am really happy with the device. I need a simple feature phone for my daily usage, social networking, browsing a bit, and texting. Pros. 1. Stunning UI, just loved the user interface, simple and subtle. A complete full touch revamp from previous series 40. 2. Excellent display, touch is great, sunlight visibility is superb, little bit washed out color, but doesn't matters, when you look at the price. 3. Powerful and doesn't lags anywhere. Works like a zippy smartphone. 4. Design is good, not eye catchy but a glowing white LED hidden beneath the calling buttons looks amazing, when there's a miss call etc. 5. Camera is good. I don't use mobile cameras at all. But, this one is good and images taken in the day light areas, appears impressive. 6. Tons of productive apps bundled. Though, all are Java, but who cares when they work like charm. 7. Games. Calling it a budget gaming phone won't be in justice at all. I mean there's a plethora of quality games pre-loaded on the phone and you can download around 40 games from EA, at the app store, completely free. 8. Native chat support, stay online with the phone, on any social network and yes, the chat works in background, too. 9. Nokia Music store. Didn't copied any phone from the PC, and the phone has all the latest songs, thanks to free nokia music subscription. 10. Lastly, 3G and Wi-Fi connectivity is a plus! Go for it, best smart feature phone for 6K.
The Nokia Asha 311 is one of the best phone which I have ever used. It's 1GHz processor is indeed the fastest in this price slab. Nokia is definitely trying hard to gain back it's market share. This phone is a must buy for all those who need a budget phone. I'm very impressed by this product when compared to other mobile phones in this price. My opinion: Go ahead without thinking much... :)
Nokia has done one of the best design. This a great budget phone with loads of features. Who needs Android. I am very happy with my Asha 311. Love you Flipkart. if you are planning to buy a phone for gaming and lots of apps, its not the one. i think its designed for the people who use phone not more than for calling, messaging and playing that old snake game. its not at all optimised for music lovers. IT HAS MANY PROS AND LESS CONS I SUGGEST GO FOR IT ITS A VERY NICE PHONE.
Got it form flipkart within 3 days of ordering. The red rose colour is quite cute and stylish (a great change from white phones) only the lower part looks a bit plasticky. Size-wise it is comfortable to hold, it is neither too big nor too small. Screen and the fonts are also just the right size. Screen is very responsive, it is very easy to navigate. I wanted this phone mainly for casual internet usage as it supports wi-fi as well as gprs and edge. The main pluses are the nokia music and games.
I bought it from Flipkart. This was delivered to me within 24 hours flat, after placing the order! These people are really working overtime. Slowly , I am getting used to this device,but nice to see & show it around! From the 'look' point of view, this has already become 'owner's pride. By the way, why there are no 'world time' & the 'dictionary' here? Not that, I am using those all the time, but still.
It is a great phone but it has no phone lock which is uncomfortable.Battery back up is not too good.The speed is amazing.Nokia music is very slow. nokia app store is good.Games are brilliant.But os is symbian. it is not fair. At last a GOOD BUYABLE phone
I bought this phone because it has good rating and many good reviews. But within one month I am back looking what is good for me because this phone has so many drawbacks. I am someone who buys a good product and keeps it for a long time. I previously had 6233 and kept it for 6 years. Wanted to remain with Nokia, but this time Nokia has failed. The reasons are as below. The phone has 3G and I subscribed to 1GB at Rs.250 per month. But when I try to use internet, it doesn't have flash, so some pages are not proper, doesn't have javascript in the browser, so some sites don't work, doesn't have PDF reader which is very important. Doesn't have multi-tasking which I knew but didn't think was a big deal, but found to be a bottleneck for many simple operations like requesting a forgotten password, picking it up from email and entering it in the web page. Overall, I bought it after reading good reviews and because it is advertised (the teenager scaring away the sarcastic lady with car game) is all TV channels that I view. I didn't know that Nokia was trying to sell an unusable product with heavy advertising. The phone looks good and is very responsive, but with so many drawbacks with its internet, it is not a good smartphone. I am going for a Sony Xperia. Yet to decide on the model, but with Android 4.0 ICS in all the models and starting at Rs.8990, I'm sure It will meet my simple requirement and I can keep it for a long time. When I try to exchange my 311 they ask for half rate which sucks. Good lesson. Will surely take more time to buy something in the future.
This was a gift from my husband...I am using it for 4 months now...and very much satisfied with it. I wanted to have a touch phone but didn't want to spend too much...It served my purpose. Now some Pros and Cons... Pros: 1. Excellent battery life. 2. Better camera quality than equevalents. 3. Comes along with an extra 2 GB memory card (not mentioned here). 4. Very responsive touch. 5. Sleek and stylish design. 6. Good speed. 7. Good for gaming too. 8. Sound quality is very clear. 9. Corning Gorilla glass saves the screen from scratches and abberations. Cons: 1. The network bars vanishes after each and every call, even if you disconnect the call or you missed a call. You have to wait for 2 minutes to make the next call. This is very irritating. 2. Only 56k colour display. 3. No GPS (I don't need this though). 4. YouTube video quality is poor. Nokia has done a great job. This a great budget phone with loads of features. Who needs Android. I am very happy with my Asha 311..Thanks a lot Dear for gifting it. Love you Flipkart.
Hardware: 1) First of All robust structure and quality. 2) Perfect dimension for hand gripping. 3) Ear-speaker is clear and mid-loud. 4) Proximity sensor work like a charm. 5) Loud Speaker is good enough and sound is crisp. 6) Volume up-down key and unlock button is good (little hard-press). 7) Call disconnect and access buttons are stylish but would be better if had rubbery grip. 8) Display is colorful and crisp. 9) Scratch resistant capacitive touch screen is the clear Winner in the league. 10) 1100 mah battery is good. (If 3G is on you might feel less). 11) "Super Fast" 1Ghz processor does not let the ASHA 311 lag anytime. In a hurry now, will post software part in the next post (Most of te points are good though) :-) One concern is, handset sometimes loses whole network (not frequently, once in a day avg.) Takes upto 60 sec to catch the network again. (One restart might also require) My suggestion is if you have Good Data-pack then never switch of the "Mobile Data" option. Donot on-off frequently.
After saving for the Nokia Asha 311, I was worried that it would not live up to my expectations. I was definitely proved wrong! My phone is a perfect mix of powerful performance, great design and superb reliability. It provides me with a rich smartphone experience at an affordable price tag. The powerful 1 GHz processor on board makes my Asha 311 blazing fast and a joy to operate. The 3-inch capacitive touchscreen display supports multi-touch and uses LCD transmissive technology for greater clarity and higher visibility. Corning Gorilla Glass technology guarantees that the display looks clear even after sustained use and is protected from bumps, scratches and abrasions. Integrating the Nokia Series 40 OS, my Asha 311 offers a simple, easy-to-use interface with a seamless 3-screen navigation. The home screen lets me pull up apps, contacts as well as my call lists with 3 simple swipes. I am big on gaming and my favourite games are produced by Electronic Arts due to their terrific graphics and superb gameplay. The Nokia Asha 311 lets me access 40 different EA titles at no cost whatsoever! It is a great way for me to spend my free time. The data compression produced by my phone means much smaller loading times. The proximity sensor and orientation sensor heighten the experience. It is extremely easy for me to switch on/off the Wi-Fi, data, Bluetooth and phone ringers with the pull down notification tab featured on the phone. The integrated smart app and Nokia Xpress browser keep tabs on my data usage, keeping me aware and informed. I have downloaded a whole bunch of songs using the Nokia Music app. It is great not to have to worry about the source, piracy or quality of the song downloaded. The integrated music and video players are superb and provide a quality entertainment experience. The phone has a 3.2 MP camera that has a digital zoom capability of 4x. It takes nice pictures that ensure I never lose out on those special moments of my life. I can record videos at 30fps and share them directly on YouTube! The phone has a 120 MB memory that can be expanded with a microSD card, which is more than enough space to store my favourite tunes and videos. I have opted for a 3G plan which best utilizes the features on my phone. The Nokia Xpress browser is very quick and lets me browse the web, check my emails and stream multimedia content at rapid rates. The Asha 311 has a host of embedded social networking apps like Facebook, Twitter, Orkut, WhatsApp and Nimbuzz. The battery life of the phone is amazing. The powerful 1110 mAh battery lets me go up to 2 days without charging despite being subscribed to data usage! I have to say that there was nothing to disappoint me and I am extremely happy with my purchase of the Nokia Asha 311!
Anyone seeking a rich smartphone experience that delivers a powerful performance at an affordable price will absolutely love the Nokia Asha 311. I did! It combines style, great design and a power-packed performance. It is definitely worth every penny. Multitasking is a breeze with the powerful 1 GHz processor on board. It also lets me enjoy games, music, movies and productivity apps. The 3-inch capacitive touchscreen display of my smartphone supports multi-touch and uses LCD transmissive technology for greater clarity and higher visibility. It is protected from rough use by Corning Gorilla Glass technology ensuring the display looks clear even after sustained use. Integrating the Nokia Series 40 OS, my Asha 311 offers a simplified, easy-to-use interface with a seamless 3-screen navigation. On the home screen I can pull up apps, contacts as well as my call lists with 3 simple swipes. The phone also comes with 40 game titles from Electronic Arts; a studio which has produced some of the most exciting and enthralling games on the market. I spend hours at a time playing the latest games from varied genres. The data compression produced by my phone means much lower loading times and much more fun instead! The proximity sensor and orientation sensor on the Asha 311 make it perfect choice a gamer like me. The pull down notification tab featured on the phone lets me easily switch on/off the Wi-Fi, data, Bluetooth and phone ringers. The integrated music and video players provide for a rich multimedia experience. I download loads of songs using the Nokia Music app. This way I don't need to be worried about the source, piracy or quality of the song I downloaded! MY Asha 311 has a 3.2 MP camera that has a digital zoom capability of 4x. There are also a host of features that let me enhance the snaps I clicked. I can record videos at 30fps and can directly share them on YouTube. The phone has a 120 MB memory that can be expanded with a microSD card, providing me with more than enough space to store my data, music, pictures and videos. The Nokia Xpress browser is a great way to connect to the Internet. It is lightning quick and lets me browse the web and stream multimedia content. I have opted for a 3G plan which best utilizes the features on my phone. When I am in a mall, cafe or any other Wi-Fi hotspot, I switch on my Wi-Fi and browse away. The Asha 311 has a bunch of embedded social networking apps like Facebook, Twitter, Orkut, WhatsApp and Nimbuzz. Also, the battery life of the phone is outstanding. The powerful 1110 mAh battery lets me go up to 2 days without charging. That too while subscribed to data usage! The integrated smart app and Nokia Xpress browser keep me informed about my data usage helping me cut down on needless expenses. Overall, the Nokia Asha 311 is a fantastic buy at an affordable price!
This phone is awesome ....... the best in this range no doubt....... pros: 1) Awesome touch response 2) Web browsing is awesome 3) really tough phone ....fell from my hand..... but not even a single scratch 4) Nokia maps.....probably the best maps in the market today 5) Camera is also good......worth clicking photos....... 6) The flagship of nokia........the best I can go on and on ........ best aming the cheapest smartphones in market ..in this range ...if u r looking just go for this phone .....the only disadvantage is this isn't a gaming phoe i tell again if u r thinking about gaming increase ur budget and go for a lumia......not this ...otherwise this phone has no competetion !!!!
A good phone in this price segment by Nokia which can really compete with Samsung. Firstly thanks to Flipkart for awesome service, be it customer support, online order, product delivery etc. approximately all function enabled mobile phone... according to price it is best mobile by Nokia, and wish to buy too.... "I believe Nokia has done in great job in pricing this phone. The Asha 303 at around Rs 7600 was definitely overpriced. For 6500 you get a phone with 3 inch capacitive screen, 1Ghz ..."
diz is a fantastic mobile guys i have ever seen di best mobile wid a lot of games apps and gorrila scarth resistant glass Awsum mobile in a affordable price so u can buy diz mobile guys and da camera rock.....!!!! u can buy it seriously ........!!!!!
its a very good phone for budget guys like me. i did not buy it from flipkart but i did see the reviews about it.it look like a rich man's phone.all i want to say is that this phone is worth6500rs coooooooooooooooool
Recommended for Those who do not need , or have money to buy Android or windows phone above 10 k ...very much handy., and responsive touch screen. I have not yet used any android phone.,it may be so i think this phone rejoice me in the first day of buying.it may be common but i had seen this first time that., the alarm clock will still functions even if the phone is switched off. Guys go for it Money Worth .
For everyone who thinks smartphones are for the elite and too good for them, the Nokia Asha series is surely a surprise. I recently got myself a Nokia Asha 311 and believe me; this phone is worth every buck paid. Right out of the box, this little beauty has impressed me a lot with its sleek design and powerful, yet convenient and easy to use features. My Asha 311 comes with a 1 GHz processor that is powerful enough to drive today’s games, memory intensive apps as well as allow a high degree of multitasking. For gaming enthusiasts like me, the bundled 40 premium EA game titles were like a gift from Santa. With accelerometer and other sensors and a touchscreen UI, gaming on my Asha 311 is totally immersive. Apps on my phone are automatically stored at lower sizes due to compression, saving precious space and allowing them to open in a flash. Integrating a 3-inch capacitive touchscreen display that supports multi-touch features, all I need to do is swipe, pinch or tap to access apps, view images or navigate through the menus. It uses Corning Gorilla Glass technology for protection against accidental bumps and falls, and is resistant to scratches. The Series 40 operating system of my Nokia smartphone is perfectly suited for people who like simple, clean and easy navigation. It provides the 3-screen navigation feature; one of my personal favourites. On my home screen, I can just pull down and swipe through 3 different screens to locate my favourite apps, all my contacts and my call history for new notifications. Connectivity features like Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, as well as phone ringers can also be switched on and off from here. My Nokia Asha 311 is a perfect buddy for passing free time with its integrated music and video players. I have downloaded like a zillion songs on my phone, and the fast download speed with the Nokia Music app is sheer joy. Clean and awesome music quality, with no worries about piracy! My phone’s 3.2 MP camera comes in handy whenever I need a quick snap of a place or thing that interests me, or even just for a quirky self-portrait. With up to 4x zoom capability and a whole bunch of features for photo editing, my snaps turn out really good. I even record 30fps videos at events like birthday parties and share them with my pals via YouTube. Downloads, data storage and space for my multimedia collection is available in the form of 120 MB internal memory and an expandable microSD capacity. I have subscribed to 3G services and the Nokia Xpress browser lets me connect to websites and stream online content so fast. I can easily use Wi-Fi hotspots when I am on the move and connect to social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter and Orkut that are embedded in my phone. The popular WhatsApp and Nimbuzz messenger apps let me chat with my friends even when I am at work.
A good phone in this price segment by Nokia which can really compete with Samsung. Firstly thanks to Flipkart for awesome service, be it customer support, online order, product delivery etc. After a long time Nokia can be seen competing in the market. This is the so far the best phone by Nokia in Asha series and for users who are looking to enjoy capacitive touch in small budget can surely go for this.
approximately all function enabled mobile phone... according to price it is best mobile by Nokia, and wish to buy too.... "I believe Nokia has done in great job in pricing this phone. The Asha 303 at around Rs 7600 was definitely overpriced. For 6500 you get a phone with 3 inch capacitive screen, 1Ghz ..." thank you.....
Excellent delivery by Flipkart (as usual). The price was better than Reliance Digital, who informed me that they only compete with eZone and not with Flipkart. This phone is a good basic touch screen phone. So far the disappointment was the WIFI. It does not work out of the box. Its a NOKIA problem. Checking Google I see that every one is reporting the same problem of not being able to use WIFI without getting customer help, and trying different configurations with or without luck. The GPS using the base-station does seem to work. Thats nice. Copying VCF file contacts from an Alcatel via Nokia PC Suite is a problem. No data cable provided. To make things exciting, the data cable form factor socket does not match my data cable from another Nokia phone. Its nice to be able to have the option of charging by AC charger or by USB. But thats means buying yet another data cable.
almost ok............. but there is no data cable for this model, which is essential for connecting mobile to other devices......... and one more thing- wat is the use of 1Ghz processor without multitasking........ except these things the mobileis worthy for our money.
EXCELLENT PHONE I HAVE EVER SEEN !! YOU GOT ALL FEATURES. ALSO PHONE IS SO HANDY !! EASY TO USE. It give all features of smart phone like camera, gprs, voice record, touch screen and all I RECOMMENDED THIS PHONE.
this phone really sucks i purchased it from a showroom and after using it for a week i got to know -have a camera sound which cant be muted even the voice can not be decreased -when u play a video it will not be on full screen -battery backup is very very bad -when u call any service no. for eg: if u call 140 to recharge ur vodafone sim then the keypad will not appear so u cant recharge . -application available are of no use extremely bad -looks of the phone are very cheap SO DONT EVEN THINK TO PURCHASE THIS PHONE I MYSELF IS GOING TO PURCHASE A BETTER PHONE IN FEW DAY GO FOR GALAXY Y INSTEAD OF THIS .... DONT PURCHASE NEVER EVER EVEN THINK
I have bought this phone about two weeks ago and I found it is really a good phone. First of all, it bears the name of Nokia. Its capacitive touch screen is really very nice. Its sound is also good. Camera quality and resolution is much better than other comparable 3 MP camera phones. As a smart phone, there was scope for a larger RAM. However, according to budget, it is really a smart buy.
I purchased NOKIA ASHA 311 mobile last 2 months before. its prize is nice. i attracted to this mobile because of this touch screen feature. but while look into camera- its nice but not upto the mark (Do not have camera clarity). and for nokia software download, es specially anti- virus, nokia not yet released any anti-virus for this mobile. still i couldn't found any anti-virus software for this. and for look, color is nice , but with this mobile u can not set wall paper as you want. :( it is having default wall paper... and sound is ultimate. Head set is awesome.
very nice phone of 6400 with 1ghz,3.2 mp camera,,3g,wifi,gps,40 ea games this is a very nice phone and if u want a phone of low price with lots of features and trust of nokia then really you should go for it..
Hi Frndz, I had purchased Nokia Asha 311 on 10-11-2012. I have used the internet & also downloaded few youtube videos of 500mb data till now. It worked very well. This mobile is worth for the price. I have not yet tried connecting WIFI but mobile data with tata docomo is good. Touch sense is awesome.. Camera is also fine but not bad while we use in night time and with Zoom facility. Video quality is the best for it. I wish to have a multitasking option and flash to the camera on this phone...hoping to see a multitasking phone from NOKIA in future. It takes approx. 1hr to charge the battery competely. Battery life is also good. Regards, Chinni
nokia asha 311 is not only classy lookwise but also has an amazing smooth touch application!! its very easy to use and definitely trendy and sleek..it carries with it a butt load of applications which do come in handy and it has a sturdy firm body..that is for those who are a bit careless like me..i dropped it a number of times ( i really didnt mean to ) and everytime i almost got an heart attack since touch screens are easily succeptable to destruction when dropped even just once but the phone is working just fine!! (knock wood) the back cover and battery will come out but its just fine.. do get a screen guard!! its all the more fantastic then....and the battery service is wonderful...you surf the net,use the music player..it will go on upto 18 hours min! i said more than enough...i love my phone!! :-D
best phone ever had this is the first nokia touch screen with stylish instrument i like this mobile very much it is very stylish it is very good from samsung the secret is samsung mobile is bad in colour and size it is just for show of.
The biggest letdown with this phone is its OS. The S40 was never intended be a touchscreen finger-interface OS. The menus are small and not very responsive. The OS has several features missing which you have come to expect from a phone OS - because of Android and iOS. My advice would be to give this one a miss and add 500 rupees to your budget and get Galaxy Y instead - if you are looking for a entry level touchscreen phone.
I got Nokia Asha 311, not from Flipkart though. But still I would say that Nokia has to really work on its software lags. I admit that the capacitive touch screen is definitely a lot better than its other resistive touch screens. The touch is smooth and the sound is just awesome. Radio is a pleasure and music is lovely, although only through Nokia earphones. However, NOKIA still has a good way to go. With not much apps installed, it hangs a lot in between, and you really have to remove the battery each time to restart it. Sometimes it becomes disgusting. Overall, battery is as usual great alongwith the speaker sound. Qwerty keyboard is a nice one here. You can easily download games from Nokia Suite and use them effortlessly. However, the software lag and sometimes hanging is a real concern.
Nice Phone Over all. I am using it for a month and its worth it. Comes with a 2Gb Memory card in box which is not mentioned in specifications. As draw backs, phone's Camera doesn't have LED Flash and phone doesn't support office files.
Very neat phone. Excellent value. Pros: 1. Excellent touch sensitivity 2. Camera is good and takes neat pics and videos 3. Bunch of EAGames 4. Good integration with FB, YMsgr, etc... 5. Ease of use (my mom 69 and son 3.5 are able to use it very easily) 6. Quick access to wifi, bluetooth and fav callers 7. Configured emails quickly 8. Quadband, works all over Cons: 1. Skype not present 2. No notepad apps
1. So far I found the phone is OK...neither great nor worst 2. I felt the battery back up is a bit week...battery needs to be recharged every 2 days even with minimal phone usage 3. Apps/games are less compared to android phones 4. Copy/paste option is not available 5. Notes are not available
bought this phone for my brother based on the reviews(from a retailer not flipkart) thought i can also buy this but after a week of usage i ordered htc explorer. first advantages (just for name sake) 1ghz processor disadvantages 1.i cant understand the reason why they used a 1ghz processor without multi tasking. 2.resolution one of the worst resolution i had seen on a mobile even samsung chat is a lot better only that it cannot videos but that doesnt make any difference. 3.store: i heard in some review that it had a lot of applications better than shit found in android store but i can say atleast android has shit this doesnt even have those. having a very low battery backup searched for a battery optimizer had waited for 15 mins it had done nothing other than a searching symbol. one of the top downloaded application is some auntys pics application this shows the state of the store 4.battery backup: 7-14 hours(7 hours with software issues now after visiting service center its 14 hours) 5.camera its just horrible(based on only few photos i hadnt reviewed it completely as i got vexed by the above problems) i cant understand the reason when browsing the internet suddenly a notification appears about last data usage even without closing the web browser or store my experience is hell came to a decision of selling it if you can afford 2kbucks more go for htc explorer(even though it had its disadvantages you will not regret this much).if you cant just go for nokia c2-01 it had a lot of advantages and a very good battery backup(my brothers previous mobile). note: i am not a nokia hater and i used to be a hard core fan during its prime time used 1108 1600 6233 and a couple of mobile i cant remember but now one word nokia lost its worth )
Pros: Fits the middle class purse nicely. Efficient mail, music, social networking features, games to time pass. Both wi-fi and data sim connectivity. The swiping notifiction bar at the top is real good. Outgoing call quality good. Cons: Screen scratches easily, no add to groups in contacts and this is a definite drawback for toda's students who have humongonous contact list. Some games need net connection. In coming voice quality not up to the nokia mark.
i had Asha 311 n m big fane of nokia phones. before this, i was using Samsung Wave525, compare to this nokia 311 is very light phone in features. 1- not support to document viewer, quickoffice 2- you tube is not working properly 3- 65k colors 4- battery 5- not support to other browsers like UC, opera etc 6- nothing to buy in rs.6500 - it has nothing to attract n new, so according to this okay phone.
This is my second phone purchased through Flipkart.com. First one is Samsung Galaxy Y Duos (23.05.2012). Second one is Nokia Asha 311 (11.11.2012). First One I got in just 2 days. Second One I got in 5 days. May be that is gift by flipkart to the existing customers. Keeping in the mind, Samsung Galaxy Y Duos, My review about Nokia Asha 311 is as follows: Pros: 1. Nokia Brand 2. 1 GHz Processor 3. Touch interface 4. Screen Resolution 5. Battery Backup 6. Games 7. 3.2 MP Camera Cons: 1. Screen Size (Phone Width is BIG draw back due to which 3.2MP camera is eclipsed. You will not feel as the photo is taken by 3.2MP camera. You will not have Aha! feeling.) 2. Home screen is not attractive (When you start the phone, it directly goes to Menu screen not to home screen. I personally disappointed with this layout.) 3. Nokia does not provide Data cable. (It is also BIG draw back. You have to purchase data cable. I tried with Samsung Galaxy Y Duos data cable. It worked well through Nokia PC Suite.) 4. Internal Menus display is in Black & White. 5. Volume (When you play audio and video with or with out head set, you will have to feel good. Volume is not rocking. It is only smooth and just ok.)
I want to write about Nokia Maps available with Nokia Asha 311. I don't know what Nokia is providing on Lumia but on Asha the maps are a disaster. i tried to find out driving directions from point A to point B. And was shocked to find that what i got was ONLY walking directions. Means, Nokia believes consumers who buy Asha phones are not rich enough to have a car or bike. I also have a Blackberry phone and its Google map is very-very helpful. it works without GPS and just on the basis of my network location, it also gives my current location. My suggestion to all - dont get fooled by Nokia Maps. Moreover the landscape mode is not available in Contacts search. It is available when you add a new Contact but not when you search for a name. Ridiculous.
Worth to buy one at offered price. Wifi and BT are sometimes nasty in performance and requires reboot. Download speed is good and works seamlessly(nokia stores) in a minute or two a album of 16 songs can e easly downloaded.
its a very good phone at this price 1Gig processor, Gorilla Glass screen, very nice and bright screen and colors are good i got it 2 days before and tried some video songs and really enjoyed the vibrant color and very loud audio enough if you don't wanna use headphone. its coming with 4Gb free airtel data plan, which is nice and useful to check all the web features, plus 40 free games from EA Sports. i think over all package is very tempting. i played some games like the speed of phone which is really smooth. touch screen is really butter smooth. so if you are not a Android hardcore fan and have a tight budget go and buy it. believe me u will never regret.
Good phone with simple features and some new technology. Great Specifications at this price, and pretty responsive touch screen (U cannot compare it with samsung's touch screens). great for people who adopt technology slowly/from whom phone is just a little over calling and messaging. NOKIA MARKET PLACE is disappointing in comparison to android market place.Not many apps are there to customize your phone and most apps are at a cost. Whatsapp,Nimbuzz and 2-3 other apps along with some games come preloaded. I still couldnt download SKYPE and VIBER on this(not available at the market place). ALSO NO SWYPE KEYBOARD available in this phone. DISPLAY AND BATTERY IS BETTER than samsung phones in this range. FINAL VERDICT : Its a SIMPLE and HASSLE free phone. Those who are greying and slow with technology can go with this phone.
I have bought and tried this phone myself. Here are the good things that I have noticed so far - 1. The phone is really fast ; 1 GHz process kicks in pretty much in every aspects. 2. UI is very smooth and fluid in nature. 3. The built quality is very satisfying 4. The browser is pretty fast even when using 2G network 5. Camera effects are pretty cool 6. Not like HTC Explorer but the touch is pretty good. 7. Usually take 4 days before the battery dies out in regular to moderately high usage. 8. The music is very nice and LOUD... in the lowest of volumes you can hear the song 3-4 feet away. However, I did find few things, not very suitable to my taste - 1. I Never managed to reach the Nokia Music store, though the net connection is working fine (could be something in my end as well) 2. The image quality is not that great - colour gets distorted (though very little) 3. Missing the data cable - guess its traditional with Nokia 4. Contacts could have had more options All in all the phone is really really good on that segment of 4500-6500 /-. Anyone, who dont wish to spend too much money on a phone but still like to be a person from the era... this is a good choice of that person ....
I bought this after a long time reviewing all the same range mobiles, android, samsung os and symbian os. I needed all the features that are available in this mobile and what I really want is to spend some time by playing games and need a phone to call & sms and obviously a touchscreen. Battery is good, stays for long time.
Firstly I am very much impressed by the Flipkart service. I received my phone within 2 days from the date of order placement. I use this phone and i found some Good/Bad points of this Phone My point : The good: - Responsive touch, - Extremely good battery run time, - Camera better than equivalent htc or samsung 3 MP, - 2 GB memory card included (not mentioned in specifications here), - Does not hang or lag. - Super speed processor -Bluetooth sharing speed is extremely fast. The bad: - Only 56k colour display, - U can't Delete nokia preloaded Song from Phone Memory which takes around 47.3MB space. -U can't minimize any running app, you must have to close it(This make Phone Hang Free) -Very Bad User Interface OS -No Home Screen -No camera Button -You can't change Phone background it remain Black only. -Social did not Having Facebook(U may use Facebook Application) its having ORKUT ,Twitter, Flickr usually no one use these Social Networking Site. -Very Cheep Vibration. -You can't create folders in the menu. According to y opinion Please do not buy this phone. 6.5k for this phone is very high. Add 1k more to your budget and buy any samsung andriod phone.
K guys, i've the solution for this asha 311. -type *#7780# on your dialler. *msg "selecting"setting only"will reset...bla..bla...bla -select Yes/Continue. *security code.... 12345 (or ur own code) -restarting *then u'll c 2.5G from ur provider beside battrey indicator it's working NOW with mobile data OFF, we can surf through free WiFi w/out any cost.
The Phone bulit and feel is perfect, it lacks good resolution and userf interface. I have checked this in a showroom and the games were pathetic it resembled old 8/16 bit video games and angry birds looked in pixilized state ..
the software sucks!!!! the web browser and apps are not perfect...i will not suggest anyone to buy this product.also the software problems are there.....battery indicator will not show the correct level.. the phone hangs sometimes
Firstly I am very much impressed by the Flipkart service. I received my phone within 2 days from the date of order placement. Too Good!!!! Phone looks good, all basic multimedia features are there. Nokia music store is awesome. U can down load any song in 3-5 seconds via wi-fi or 3G. Touchscreen response is fast enough that is b'coz of 1 Ghz processor. Music quality is good. Loud and clear!!! Only lagging is in headset quality. Looks too ordinary... Overall Nice phone for the 6.5K price range.
Very stylish phone. Processor very good. Doesn't lag. Camera really good. Battery backup ok. O.S is great improvement from earlier. Touchs very good . Lcd screen good resolution. Must buy for everyone who want to pay under 7K.
I was looking for a budget smart phone and shortlisted this phone along with galaxy y and some micromax and karbonn phones. While the galaxy y has android, its quite tiny and its display and camera isn't good. And I preferred the nokia brand over micromax and karbonn. I wasn't disappointed with my choice. The product was delivered well before hand. The phone doesn't feel tiny in the hands. The display is quite good. And even if it isn't android,the nokia user interface is quite intuitive and easy to learn. Not to mention this phone has a faster processor than galaxy y. so there are absolutely no lags. The experience on asha was very smooth. The touchscreen is very fluid. The camera takes good pictures. Battery is of average quality. It also has wifi. The phone has a sturdy built quality which is one of the key features of nokia handsets. Overall I'm satisfied with this phone. If you're looking for a budget smart phone then this is it.
The Nokia Asha 311 has a really responsive touch screen, the resolution isn't that great but for it's price point, it's to be expected I guess. I sometimes has a bit of a lag when applications are running. Internet connectivity is fast. It's really a great phone for the price at which it's offered.
I bought this cell against the samsung galaxy Y but it isnt worth if you compare with it. >This cell isnt good for using wifi. >Nokia store is limited for this series of cell. >Nokia Music and Games are just merely attraction. >Apps arent great. >Wifi connectivity is hell bad for users. >But good for calls,messages and ofcourse battery support is also quiet good for daily use. >sweet interface. >good touchscreen. >Can't beat Android galaxy Y.
this one frome nokia is good. pros--- camera, resolution, battery, standby time, processer(1Ghz), internet browsing on 3G & wi-fi CONS--- LOW internal memory(140 MB) ram is disapponting it is just(128 mb) 65k colors nokia should have to increase the RAM it should be 256 mb
I was amazed by the looks of the phone when i opened the box ... for a price range of 6430 it is a steal with capacitive touch ,1ghz processor and an amazing UI... i bought the sand white colour and i tell you it looks elegant and classy as any other phone of a much higher price range. Overall 9.5/10 and flipkart service... as always Hats off!
Let me be honest about the review, flipkart provided a better service than I accepted. Now,Nokia Asha 311 keeps most of the promises but it has huge drawbacks like poor camera( don't go after specs 3.2 mp is not realised), poor screen resolution, but touch interface is good, have many apps preloaded, user experience is medium. You can have better phone from samsung.not the best buy from nokia.
I ordered on 29th evening,delivered at the door on 31st morning.The best service from FLIPKART. Thank U.Actually I bought it for my dad ,he likes its interface as he is not used to android(first touch phone for him). In nokia's offical site the shows data cable with the pack but I didnt found it in mine,dats only drawback I found My verdict on:::: The Nokia Asha 311 may be the most easy to use Series 40 device ever made
Today i had bought nokia phone asha 311, i just loved this phone the moment i saw its features online. beautiful and handy body, smart phones features, best battery backup, maps , games, 1ghz processor, lcd screen, 3.2 mp camera, capacitive touchscreen And the best part is all i get under 6500 Rupees. a full paisa vasool phone.
i just purchased nokia asha 311. all features are great-touch screen, camera with exellent pictures, videos etc,etc,...but, you can not zoom the pictures or forvard/reverse the movie/videos!! not expected form Nokia-as compared to my old 6303 classic. why Nokia is breaking its prestige?? dnt buy this crap!!
I have buied this product from flipkart for my mummy its a good phone with good looks & sound quality but if you are a big app lover than it will dissopinet you ... at last i wanna say der aayi but nokia ko akal toh aayi JUST GO FOR IT
phone quality is good. this is less price for other mobile.more function for this mobile. this phone look is nice.this phone function other mobile is good. this phone other mobile comparison is very good and so nice phone.
Initially I was going to buy Sony Tipo .. but on this price range I found a good phone by nokia which is very good in use...And also it has good after sale service of Nokia........................................................................
cute good phone by nokia which i liked in relation with price and features....... 3G, 14.4 mbps, wifi, 3.15 mp camera, 1 GTZ, gorilla glass and good battery backup best phone to buy.........only document viewer not there but that is not needed by most of the people.......also the one who have lapi..... i wish this would make this phone more best.......anyways overall good phone with rfeasonable price.......
This phone is really a masterpiece from Nokia. I had many doubts regarding this phone, but finally I bought it and it is amazing. At first I would like to say about its touchscreen, its capacitive touchscreen and its very amazing, you'll love working on this phone as the touch is really smooth and sensitive. The UI of this phone is brilliant and unique from other Nokia phones, you'll feel like you are using a smartphone. The 1GHZ processor really makes it presence felt, it is really fast, it will not take any time in opening any app or game. Now, the internet browsing. It is really fast. I tried both 2G and 3G, and both working fine. Even I'm writing this review on my phone only and I love sutfing internet on this phone. Though I dont use nokia browser, I think Opera is best. So, the final verdict, this is a fully featured and stylish phone with very good looks and build quality. Its best in this budget, and entry level android phones are laggy thats why its better to go for this one. Nokia is offering 40lakhs songs for free of cost and also 40 free EA Games. Go for it, you'll love it.
I bought this for my uncle and have used it for one week.Nice mobile in this price range with Nokia Quality.Bought it from near by Nokia Centre for Rs-6600. 1. easy customization. 2. dedicated option window for profile selection, wi-fi on/off,mobile data on/off,bluetooth on/off.(which can slide down in the home screen). 3. good camera and video quality(but not up to the level of other high end nokia 3.2 MP handsets like 5800,n73 etc.) 4. Nice and lively touch screen.(Samsung touch response is greater than this but the movement of icons is not lively like Nokia handsets. And it is only a personal view.) 5. Audio options are limited in number.Good speaker clarity. 6. nice placement of call, end,and screen-lock buttons. 7.wi-fi works well but I don't have more experience with net connectivity in this device. Anyway the handset is cool. It will not heat up like samsung mobiles. I have seen one review which says that there is no option to ADD a contact from CALL LOG.But we ca. go to call log>find the number>touch on the number for one second. Then comes the options for adding contacts. Have very user-friendly experience. Nothing is perfect; even the apple I-phone and samsung galaxy SIII, that is why I give it four stars.
I have been using this phone for the last week though I was not determined to buy this specific item, it did keep my expectations for the range of 6500 bucks this phone is a gem. You are getting a range of apps with WiFi enabled 3.5G I am not a tech savvy but this phone really is awesome. If your budget does not exceed 7000 make sure you buy this or else i will sue you........... :)
Bought this phone one and half month back, have been using this since then. Here are my experiences/opinions. Pros - Excellent response from Capacitive touch screen - Small size, personally I don't prefer bigger screens and weight - Battery life is okay considering the touch screen power - 3G/Wifi phone at affordable price with Nokia quality. Cons - Single page display of all the Apps, browsing through is not easy when many apps are installed. - No multi-tasking - Shortcut keys for calling not available. (Though shortcut page for apps or contacts available which can be made use of)
nokia asha 311 is a genuine piece by nokia...competing with samsung galaxy y nokia have done a excellent job in making asha 311.. samsung galaxy y vs nokia 311 2mp cam vs 3.2mp cam 832mhz vs 1ghz...this is awesome really..no lagging of files etc.. andriod vs symbian..for this i vote for andriod..but even 311 contains many apps which are useful 3G: 7.2mbps vs 14.4 mbps.. and finally 311 touch is more better than y..and its clarity its brilliant..nn my sincere suggestion who want to go for a budget phone under 7k with all excellent features can go for nokia 311..:D
Excellent one and really good value for Money. Though not an Android or Windows Phone, touch screen is good with good look and feel. the ways of usage is different from Android but information is arranged in user friendly and intuitive way. just need a couple of days to get used to it. button to start and end call are excellent. the button to lock the screen is also thought-fully placed. will really suggest for starters in touch screen. color themes are bonus
I bought Nokia Asha 311 from Flipkart. Service is too good. Regarding the mobile wi-fi not working properly. Other than that it is worth to buy it. Nokia should update their software to better performance of Asha 311
four points make it the best of the value phone Nokia Maps Nokia Music Store Capacitative screen ( series 40 on project butter) EA stores Games The nofication bar isthe best, quick short cuts to disable mobile data wifi and bluetooth. Just been a day , Pros heavily outdo the cons
value for money . bought one for gifting a officer ,but after seeing its features booked another for my self . i use samsung note & iphone 4 but will replace asha 311 wid my note as its giving a lot of problems . will never prefer to buy samsung again . apart of every thing " iphone is iphone " :P
Excellent service from Flipcart. Mobile also too worthy even if it is not android.... It's one of the best mobile in it's range. & at last a very prompt & fast replacement policy from flipcart. Mobile wifi feature is very gud, Camera added advantage. overall a gud mobile from Nokia.
At first, FlipKart delivering experience is awesm, This product is too good. Processor Speed is very fast. NOKIA ASHA 311 is just awesm phone 4 ever.............. Camera quality too good.. ......................................................................................................................................................................................................
This is a super value phone from Nokia. Has a great capacitive touchscreen and is a very functional device. OS is a great improvement and extremely easy to navigate. The icing on the cake is cheaper than market doorstep delivery by flipkart. Also wifi is an advantage over other phones in this price range. Anyone who just wants a phone you should go for it.
This has been a super invention by nokia each every aspect of this set is superb. touch is good, so is the processor moreover it has all the features which a galaxy has with chat massge servise, sliding bar, wifi is excellent, camera and sound are more than requsitive.... in this range this is a quite helpful and utility set
I brought this phone elsewhere a week ago. Touchscreen works fine. The swipe down feature is slick and the phone really doesnt hang up much(if any) like other s40 phones.I think this is the best phone in the 6K range.But remember , it is based on s40 and therefore nothing much has changed about the way you interact with the phone except for the touch input.As I said good(if not best) buy in the 6k range , nothing more
i like this phones all features it's amazing phone with 1Gh processor superb gaming phone it's not android but good than android phone in low price it's camera clarity is superb with amazing speed i like this phone so much
well i ordered this phone from this website and phone is not that bad ..its petit and chic phone ..quite girly but suits me but when you want to open or use internet then you may get irritate coz it works very slow
The phone, although looks good on paper, is full of crap. The major gripe is the screen resolution. Not that we are talking about the premium category here, the odd 6.5K you pay to get this phone is still not a petty sum. The blurry screen kills all the feel good factor. The 1GHz processor doesn't seem to be doing wonders here and the pre-installed Angry Birds still stutters. The build quality is decent though. Way better than the samsung counterparts. The battery life did't disappoint either. You get to sail through two days on moderate usage. I wonder why can't they build something that is at least good for the purpose? All around they'd try to squeeze every random shot thats out there, in the name of making better phones. This phone was for my wife and it doesn't matter to her (like 90% of the people) what this phone is capable of; so she is cool with it. I feel really bad when I realize that I spent so much of money for this piece of junk. It is just an average at best phone which barely manages to provide even the basic phone functionality. The Wi-Fi, 40 games from EA all are wastage.
not that much expected having some problems. i got it. nokia has to rectify the bugs. problem with the browser if we connect through mobile it is always trying to connect to through it only. not asking connect through wi-fi or mobile data. regarding touch also some problem is there.
The biggest let down is the series 40 OS which limits your usage. - very limited download options from OVI store - browsing is very basic. phone is good for people who occasionally need to browse internet and just want a basic phone. overall its a basic phone with limited functionality...no use of a 1GHZ processor without a matching OS for it.
ITS AWESOME PHONE......IT HAS AMAZING GAMES LIKE ANGRY BIRDS AND IT SUPPORTS 3G.1GHz PROCESSOR.I WANT TO BUY THIS MOBILE IN ONE WEEK.ITS GORRILLA GLASS SCREEN. UNBELIEVABLE....BUT IT SHOULD BE DUAL SIM...
Its Worth each penny. just go for it.................... also galaxy y is a bore....Its a old phone but this a unique piece from Nokia .............just unmatchable. wish to see its exact looks its.... available on you tube by dr.technology
