MOBDPDNMGW5C2HFG
source- dineshjadhav.com I would describe Karbonn A16 as "For those who want it all" or "Maximum for minimum". Users are always in search of a smartphone which provides maximum features & hardware for the most minimum cost. I personally feel this segment interesting instead of the top tier flagships. Because providing the best in the market is easy since one can demand any cost for that, but providing the most in the lowest possible price, after keeping in view the costs and profitability and company financial stability requires great planning. Before I write anything, I would like to let you know that Karbonn A16 is available online at Rs.4,000 as on 7th May 2014. In stores, the price may come down depending on your negotiations. Well, the price is good enough to stun anybody. Once someone will see this price, he/ she will stop expecting anything out of this phone, but here starts the unbelievable journey. Karbonn A16 supports both 2G & 3G in India. Its a Dual SIM Android Phone. SIM 1 Supports 3G & SIM2 support 2G Network. This phone was released in October 2013. Phone dimensions are 126.3*64*11 mm, the thickness may sound bad, but it helps in holding the phone firmly. Phone's look is very standard, it doesn't look cheap. The screen has resolution of 480x800 pixels, same as the popular phones like Samsung Galaxy Grand/ Grand Neo, S Duos and S Duos 2, Core, S3 Mini, Nokia Lumia 520/525/620/625/720/820, Xperia E. Plus, the screen size has been kept at 3.9 inch to make the screen look sharper, which I did like. Karbonn A16 supports SD Cards upto 32GB with internal memory of 4GB, so the actual available internal memory may be less, which is quite common with the low priced smartphones. 512MB RAM is really appreciable at this price. However, a common user can install all the necessary applications without issues in the available space. Installing applications on internal memory makes them run automatically & show widgets. Plus, for songs, games, applications & videos, SDCard is always there. USB connectivity is present as expected. Karbonn A16 supports WiFi, and surprisingly, it works as a WiFi Hotspot too. Its camera has been controversial since its sensor shows 5MP, but the photos are not upto the mark. I can say that not the sensor size, but the image processor software & hardware is responsible for this. But after looking at the cost, one can live with it, however, I would recommend you to test the camera first in the store before buying the phone, or incase of online store, confirm the return policy conditions. Phone can do video recording, it has a front camera too. Karbonn says its a "Digital Camera", but it should be of VGA resolution. This front camera can be used for facelock using 3rd party applications, video calling etc. Many budget smartphones still don't have a front camera as on today. Karbonn A16 has a 1.3 GHz Dual Core Processor of unannounced brand, which is not a surprise, considering its price. It comes with Android 4.2 Jelly Bean, plus as the phone cost is not huge, you can take risks and try to update its OS on your own by referring the forums on the internet. This smartphone has FM, GPS with GMaps, UC Browser, Opera Mini, Android, WAP browsers inbuilt, G Sensor for games, GMail, GTalk, WhatsApp built in. As per Karbonn's tests, the phone has upto 7 days standby time & upto 5 hrs talktime. So you need to remain a bit careful if the charger is not connected to the phone. Or having a backup phone for calls & SMS is the best choice here. I know its painful, but that's how one needs to manage low cost smartphones. The phone comes in Black or White. 1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and 6 months warranty for in the box accessories has been given. To sum up, this phone ideal for those who don't care about the photos much, and have the charger access most of the time, and need a smartphone in the least cost. found my review useful?
its been more than 2 months since i bought this mobile and till now its performance has been great except a few demerits but significant ones.lets talk about demerits first.. 1.camera- very ordinary.not even a 5 m.p. camera as specified.works good only in daylight.no flash too. 2.battery- it drains much faster.may not last even a day in case of heavy use. 3.accessories- original flip-cover or bag are not available in market till date. 4. 2G/3G- 2G works fine but never felt the speed of 3G now about merits.. 1.look- very decent and elegant. 2.performance- very good.no lag and hanging conditions are very minor. 3.games- all games runs smoothly 4.music- nice to hear on ear-phones.works great having some defects,still i am over-all satisfied with my phone because you cant get everything perfect in a low budget phone.and i have already a camera, so i didnt really go for a good camera specifications.thus i am very happy with my new phone and its performance. :-) B-)
I bought this mob in flipkart today. I found very very waste camera quality for 5 MP. Do not buy this product.
I bought this mobile on dushehra festible. as the features shown stunned me 3g+wifi+1.4dc processor 512/4gb etc... Although the 5MP camera was a pleasant word to ears, still reaching home,while I tried to picture-ise my little son; I was shocked as there was no flash and the picture quality was far below comparing to my old nokia n 70. ashamed i went back to the dealer and paid remaining amount because it had been billed to me . In addition to this I felt be looted 5MP camera. moreover no flip/other cover available in market and this cost me lot of fuel. Kamal Dev
I just received the mobile. The Picture size on camera setting is listed only 1M pixels and 2M pixels. But There is no option to select 5M pixels on camera setting. The picture quality is very low. How to set 5M pixels for it?
I bought this mob in flipkart today. I found the mobile has smooth touch, wide screen. We can expect everything covered within 5k budget. Awesome mobile, except camera quality other features are good. would be more useful if i got a user manual.
I know there are many brand-conscious people online and Karbonn may not seem to be a preferred brand in comparison to the likes of Samsung, Nokia, Apple. At the same time, there are also some "purpose-conscious" people online, those who do not care too much about branding. This review is for both category of people. Pros: Karbonn A16 serves the purpose if you are using it for photos, whatsapp and a bit of gaming too. WIFI and mobile networks work fine. Camera is decent, though I would prefer a real camera for my snaps. Screen sensitivity is also good. Screen size is good if you want a phone that shows decent sized videos and also fits in your pocket. Price is great. I would buy 5 such phones @INR4000 each and use each for 1 year (1 new phone every year) rather than buying a branded one for >INR25000 and staying with the same model for 5 years. Get real, no one uses the same phone for more than 1.5 years these days. There's always the better phone at a cheaper price hitting the market in every 6 months. Cons: Actual memory is way lesser that claimed internal memory of 4GB (that maybe the reason why it is going for less price!). Battery runs out a bit too faster than other branded phones. So, if you want to use it in office, charge it in office :). No flipcase and no screen guard included. You might end up spending additional INR400 on these accessories which are a "must" these days.
Review after more than a week of usage:- Looks Awesome, hold and feel are just right, and screen is way better than other brands in this price range. They clearly offer 2G phones with such a price Tag. Phone surprisingly runs 4.2.2 with Ultra Butter Smooth UI. It has around 1 GB for Apps which is certainly a boon for such a low Budget phone. Even a few expensive phone I recently saw were crying for space on APPs partition so karbonn seems to have taken care of this already and phone has lots of space for apps. Temple Run, Subway Surfer, Candy Crush Saga Runs without a Lag or jitters. However phone has lots of Bloatwares like mydala, few non needed browsers etc which can be easily removed via root. A very decent phone for under 4K budget, and 512MB RAM makes it run apps instantly without lags. Decent battery Life and works till midnight with WI-FI ON all the time. 3G works good but battery usage would depend on signal strength. Only Con is CAMERA, Settings on CAMERA clearly show its a 2MP while box and specs say its 5MP, don't know how karbonn managed to make this false promise. But as camera was not a priority this phone makes a good choice for Budget 3G phone which doesn't has any signs of Lags and crashes, Haven't rebooted the device in 4-5 days and it runs super smooth no matter how many apps I keep using and closing, the OS handles them properly. It makes me happy to see this phone is provided by flipkart for just under 4K while reviews show people bought this for around 7K, so thats a Huge Price Drop only on flipkart. A local friend who's a distributor was quoting it as 5200 as his landing cost, don't know what magic flipkart did to bring the pricing so Low.
Its a very good product in this price range. Touch PAD/Looks is very cool. I will suggest to others also to purchase this product.
I am using Karbonn A16 from last 28 days. it is a excellent mobile. it only weakness is its battery which get discharge very quickly.
Karbonn A16 S GOOD.....................EVERYTHING S GOOD................BUT THE ONLY DRAWBACK S CAMERA
i bought this phone on last month, it should come up wiht 5MP camara. but when i check it, it is showing as 2MP only. There is no selection for 5MP. even i updated the software also it was not working. But Look and Feel of phone is very good, impressive touch.But Bad Camara.
+1 on every aspect.... Screen is a bit obsolete standard but price to quality ratio is good.... Plus there are few extra apps that are useless which can only be uninstalled by jailbreak, so buyers choice! :)
was a good choice for lesser price that i could get, camera is not so good, even it has been mentioned as 5mp, clarity doesn't look like,.
hey they specified internal memory as 4 gb but they provide only 1.3 gb only camera also poor so go for an other choice
good battery backup,,,nice camery quality ,,,good features,,,,u can do an video calling also....and many more good feature,,,,worth buying ........
Three reason that's why I purchased this phone. 1. Processor : 1.3 ghz 2.Operating System : 4.2 jelly bean 3.HSDPA network :3G.
Bought 2 Mobiles for my 2 Nephews and delighted to say that the Mobiles are far better then the price paid , It has everything which a normal user needs/uses. My nephews are very happy with the performance as the Younger 1 around 10yr likes playing games which runs flawlessly and the Older 1 around 14 yr likes Social networking Apps. Like Facebook Skype and Whatapp which are very well supported by this mobile. Last but not the least for Flipkart , Only 1 word ie "Excellent"
Best option to buy. Great spare phone to have. Good battery life. Great display. Value for money. Highly recommended.
battery is very low.....drying... otherwise okay for me....... camera clarity is waste both front and back......
i bought this phone on last weak. Awesome mobile. ,except camera. even it has been mentioned as 5mp, clarity doesn't look like.
These is the best website to shop with great deals and offers and I m lucky to get my favorite mobile phone that is karbonn a16 and I'm fully satisfied with my new device and it is a accurate as it was described on this website...........
Camera- very ordinary.not even a 5 m.p. Battery- it drains much faster look- very decent performance- very good
Phone works great. I found only two draw back.. 1. Volume is low 2. GPS works very slow, some times not detect..
today i brought this phone from market. i have not seen its all features. i am feeling very bad, when i saw its price on flipcart . i paid rs.700 more than flip cart . so buyers please verify price and then purchase any phone.
A-16 Karbon mobile specifications are impressive ,but unfortunately it is supplied with no operation manual.It is also not given on the NET. It' operation is not that interactive or user friendly as of other similar ones. Battery drains faster than other contemporary mobiles. On the support telephone number, there is never a response. Apparently it's RF radiation levels look to be high as the ear lobes gets heated much faster than other after the use of other mobiles. In the absence of some measured data it could be a health issue.. Hands free jacket does not fit properly and hence reception is noisy. There are no SAR specs given by the manufacturer. While talking the phone stops with slight pressure of the ear.Not worth the money spent as compared to other similar specifications.Customer support system is almost nonexistent.
I am using this phone for 8 months. Look wise good. But bad camera coz i think its not even 1 MP camera and don't even dare to think to click pictures in absence of bright daylight and the front camera is nearly useless. Sound quality is good with the headphone. Internal memory is actually 1.32GB but the specification written by the company is 4GB. The phone goes slow if more and more apps are loaded. Sometimes it is not able to detect wi-fi signals properly and I have not experienced the difference between 2G and 3G speed in this phone. .
had an orientation problem. the camera got screwed in about 9 months. too slow... lags a lot... a big no no......
basically i like the design...................after i recieved the phone touch was not functioned correctly then i returned and i replaced another one................. good feature is that it gives good 3g net speed .............
Awesome phone. But too many unwanted apps. Small and Elegant. Best for in class and Good to start. Worth every rupee, if one know's how to handle it.
If You are going to buy this product think 1000 times Its not Good Its my personal experience I bought before few months in 5 months I visit and roping to Service center to Re Boot the mobile every time they format and put any (not Proper software) after 2 or 3 weeks it will be hang and Eye symbol appear on screen The service and software is useless provided from Karbonn A16
this Product is overall 30% good because 1.it is not sufficient Internal memory for applications. 2.Performance is very slow. 3.Battery backup is also very low.
Phone is good but so slow and dose not work properly in 2g service is also so bad cervice agent says it will take about 40 days just to solve touch and hanging problem...
after 6 months of usage the performance is good and display and resolution is also nice but gaming is not good even subway surfers will be too laggy many times and ram is minimum for usage all games wil struck except ram all the other configuration is ok camera it really sucks which is 5MP but in software also it shows 2MP karbonn how does karbonn give false statements. and other thing i noticed is its design is nice and device falling from a 3 feet height not broken glass into pieces how thats happen mind blowing. processor is good and battery drains much faster on wifi maximum 5 hrs movie 8hrs games 1.5 hr.
A decent phone by price...But please do not expect much from it. You can gift the phone to kids who would like to play games like dots,2048, etc...
its been only 5 months and this phone is hanging a lot can't connect to camera image quality is only 2mp what should i do now?
I LIKE THIS PRODUCT IT IS WORKING WELL.battery backup is good. internet 3g speed is wondrous but camera quality is not comparable with samsung .
Nice phone in very nice price. If you are looking for smart phone in the range of Rs. 4k-5k then you should got for it.
for this price range it is a nice mobile.but the camera is not 5 megapixel and the usable internal memory is 1.32gb only
Nothing to worry to spend the amount on this Karbonn A16 Mobile model. i am present using this mobile. i am not full satisfy. but i some what better for rough use with the children.
This phone is really nice for its price. Been using this phone for more than 2 months now. I notice only two major drawbacks in this phone: 1. Most important- The phone's camera though decent, is absolutely useless in low to medium lighting conditions. It is capable of capturing good photos only in well-lit conditions (e.g. Outdoors in sunlight). Even typical indoors lighting is not enough. 2. The phone is incapable of running standard games like Temple Run 2 smoothly. The game lags quite a bit even after killing all the unnecessary background processes. Other than these two things, this phone sure gives you a lot of bang for your buck!!
The product was delivered 7 days before the expected delivery date and i found it to be a above average product at this price point its simply too great much of the specs are not mentioned above but it is packed up with all necessary sensors a-gps 3G rocks and camera is just fine as i hope we cant expect a very good camera at this price-group used it for a months and i m in love with it..
It's better in it's category...only camera quality i found was not good Other wise worth phone. Spec of the phone is very good and worth. Downloading could have been better. keypad is very small...
charger not supported ,so what will i do give me response on my e-mail also data cable not supported on pc..
As far as the mobile is concern it is Good mobile and worth for money Except the camera, which looks some what sub standard due to the absence of flash which is very essential to highlight the camera features. I recently observed a hair crack in the display during the charging time. Though there is no more problem in operating the touch screen, it looks ugly.so I kindly request you to take back the set on exchange of a new piece since it is happened in a short span of 1 month. check the defect in the screen since many of the purchasers are observed the same defect.
This Phone has 512 MB RAm it accepts a microsd card. It has a good display for its price and I have had no issues with it. Compared to two costly samsung ( galaxy grand ) phones which are always losing signal and restarting randomly this is gving me much better service. Also at this price poit I don't have to worry about it being lost or stolen and I can entrust it to my servant or driver in a pinch.It really is a great backup phone and for people who need a basic android experience it is the best phone possible.That may be why its currently out of stock. Glad I grabbed it when I could
i purchased this mobile from you 2 monts ago now its has a problam of self touching , i went to service center to resolve this problem they refused to repair it thet told me that this phone iemi no is not registered with us that why they can not repair it, kindly tell me what i do to resolve my problum thnaks hansraj
The Mobile is not charging properly and the battery is heating. Request the company for replacement under warranty
M using this product i bought this from flipkart... n m satisfied... I was worried about the battery at first as its only 1350mm but it went very well... music video games chat all fine... sometimes u will find it slow.. but its just a matter of time n it comes back in the normal way... M happy with it all the features are upto the market cant say its out dated... its to good to have in such price.... Enjoy N Buy...*
I had gifted this mobile to someone, unfortunately since the person started using this mobile he had problems with the ringtone. Despite setting the loudest ring (and profile) possible the person had trouble with the ringtone because of which he often missed many calls. Other than this problem, the phone is good.
EXELENT PRODUCT IN THIS PRICE. I AM USING IT FROM 1 MONTH. NO PROBLEM OF BATTERY HEATING WHILE GAMES PLAYING. I PLAYED FOR 4 HOURS CONTINUISELY
This mobile I bought for my Mom. She is enjoying this phone like anything. I have not found any problem in this like battery down within few minutes or phone hangs.
Touch interface is not upto the mark. Audio quality ok. FM not getting signal properly.. Manual tuning is very difficult.
This is very good product in this price range. Performance is great. Support games like subwaysurfer and other without any problem. Drawback is that Battery drains quiet fast and camera is very bad. But if u wanna buy smartphone within 4000-5000 and camera is not your priority then I suggest this one... Very good Product
Pros: very happy with looks and performance at 3999 rs that i bought it from flipkart. Best looks and performance at this price range when compared to all available models from all available brands in india at this price range. Cons: No flash light for camera. Lights in the hard touch buttons (home, menu, back) are dim and hence while operating phone, buttons cannot be seen in dark(at night when room lights are off). You have to struggle to find the touch buttons.
I purchase this phone but its touch is not good..all other functions r good as per specifications.only touch is problem.touch on downside if press m its deleting .... or maybe only my handset have this issue. What i experience i share...
I recently bought this product from flipkart. This product was satisfactory but the only drawback is its camera which seems to be below 0.5 mp !!!!! If u r looking for a camera phone, better choose any other product. This phone will only be appropriate for first time android users !!!!!!
the screen response and clearity is good for this price range. I don't think that it is having a 5MP camera... not so good. quick response and easy to use.. Karbon should have given a LED flash... overall good value for money
NOT TOO GOOD TOUCH SENSITIVITY...AUDIO IS NOT UPTO MARK...PHONE HANGS ON MULTITASKING. PRICING WISE OK ...BUT NOT A GAMING PHONE.
Fist of all I would like to thank flipkart for rendering amazing service. This is my flagship product buying online. I experienced good feeling of purchasing the product online. I got this phone within two days of ordering online and once again "HATS OFF" to flipkark. I will make future online purchase through flipkart. And lets come to Karbonn A16, It comes with great features with low cost. Good phone for the first android phone users. I am happy to have this phone. And thanks to karbonn to bring about this mobile such price range with all the Important features I need. Stylish, slim and lightweight Touching effect is good 2G & 3G networks working well Running high graphics with no lagging viewing angles are good Following things could be better One is camera quality. Image quality not up to the 5MP Second one is volume is low and if there is some other small issues, Overall I like this mobile!!!
smooth touch, fast, very good audio, camera is average, very good processor and ram performance. best phone under this price tag, and for the commuter
This the best Phone at this price range, All Features same as 10K priced of Branded phone Sleek Look
This Mobile is Low Amount in available for Low Class people. This is a very good opportunity of Flipkart services for me.
The phone is good but the draw back is the battery. it comes only for half a day with data connectivity on. except this the phone is good choice for the price quoted.
DISPLAY SUPERB AND FAST PROCESSING WITH RAM STYLISH LOOK WITH REAL BLACK TOUCH I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FROM FLIPKART AN COST OF 4000RS ONLY WITH DILIVERY
dont go by the features...all fake promises ..the rear camera is jst 2mp ....internal memory only 1.32 gb but they say its 4 gb but its not battery back up myy god not at all good....otherwise ok ...think before u buy this product.....and mind u its made in china while karbonn is an indian product...
First time I bought something of Karbonn,,,, and when it got delivered within 24 hours, it was really great... secondly ... the phone is quiet good, and comes with the latest Android, .... wifi browsing is good ..... and all looks good, except the camera.. pics are a bit low quality.... but I dont really use it, so does'nt matter to me..... overall good product for the price I paid.... even its operational for one year from now... it will have served his purpose.... :)
Got it the next day. Camera is 2 MP in software settings though says 5 MP outside. I was aware of this beforehand. Haven't figured out a way to set it to 5 MP in software. It is a good budget phone and is perfect to carry around in jeans etc. I am pleased with this for 4000 INR. Flip covers are easily available for this model.
Karbonn A16 value to money product service provide by Flipkart very nice deliver on time. with a nice packing. main thing is that price is descent for 512 ram and Android 4.2 but battery not tested.
in creasing the ram capacity for very useful to android users.and apps wi-fi,bluetooth,3G, and all features i accept.document viewer and editors so very useful.
All gud .. cheap pricesh .. only low battery backup .. overall a gud stylish phone with all required features
umm firstly its a great phone in rs4000 , super fast not a single lag, played temple run2, subway surfers n many game, graphics is also good, eye catching color combination, screen touch is also good, i loved the phone processing power, only i didnt like camera its very bad n also battery backup is decent, bt in rs4000 wat more u want? go grab it if ur budget is 4000.. loved the phone! n thanks to flipkart for awsm fast delivery n good product!
Firstly I would like to thanks to flipkart for giving me exchange on the damaged product that i recieved. after exchange i am happy with the mobile i got and its great piece for this price. with jelly bean software.
i am totally dis satisfied the karbonn a16 which was received at 14 jun 2014 display not seating properly, network problem out of two sim one sim signal not displaying
As per my opinion Karbonn A16 is a awesome Phone in its price range.It has got all the features :) I am lovin it........
I have bought this product and experimented with it. You will find every feature as expected except for the camera which is terrible when it is operated in a dim surrounding. It works okay in bright surroundings.
I purchased this phone from Flipkart. This phone looks very awesome. But it has very great problem. You cant type the words properly. Or it can be said that, no one can type words/sentences by this phone keyboard. very irritating. I cant advice to buy this phone.
flipcart says internal memory of 4 GB but in fact it is having only 1.31 GB internal memory appx 1 GB for user. Camera is poor and battery backup is even not good. accessories supplied with like data cable and headphone are even worse data cable plastic (which is even charger cable) will break into pieces after six months very low quality rubber used for data cable..
you can not get a smartphone with 3g, Android 4.2 and very good 4 gb internal memory(1.3 gb for use). I havn't chcked 3G net yet but I was able to watch youtube live without buffering at 2G on Aircel sim even!!! It's very good phone. Battery backup is not so good but ok at this price .It last around 30-36 hr on normal use. I recommend it who want to enjoy 3g, video calling, high speed internet, android apps in less price.. Go for it.
Bought this Phone a couple of weeks ago. Phone is very good one except the camera . Its namesake 5MP . Picture quality is like an VGA camera rather. Battery is good for moderate use , Screen clarity excellent . Browsing speed is much better than the Samsung handsets. Overall good phone in low budget ! The only Cons. is its camera. If you want even an average camera dont go for this . Execp camera its a good pick.
Good product.............................................................................................................................................. ................................................
This is a budget Android phone. Looks decent and phone is performing well. Camera is bad and that was expected for that price. Yet another on time delivery by Flipkart.
value for money . nice phone low price latest version , camera low , screen is good , battery s also good , in my point of view excellent one . overall best .
wonderful mobile phone and worth buying... battery backup is good, slimmy, best mobile with comprising almost features... very good mobile with in 5k range series...
everything is good but camera and battery life is so worst.........................................................................................................................................................................................:)
hi Every one i have received this phone last saturday. i check everything working fine. 3g speed is good. clarity is equal to Samsung models it is very nice. Only drawback is it is not 4gb internal memory it shows only 1.32 gb this disappoints me. But overall very good,,,,,nice phone to buy!! Thanks for Flip kart !!
this is good phone for low price. but in my phone there is small poblems. ie the touch is problem some time it is too fast some time doesn't work when i unlock my throug pattern lock. camera, they told 5mp but it is below 2mp. style is super, internet speed simply suberb.
Well!.. 512MB of RAM is all that made me go for this. The only disappointment is camera, don’t know about the pixel calculation but it is average quality. Overall it is a good buy at this price and to be satisfied is not to compare it with any other phone.
All features are good and performance is a good but camera quality below 2mp and not working in room light Internal memory only 1.13 GB is available. For Gamer this is good one product at this price. Battery Backup is very poor Playtime 3-4 hrs only Standby time 6-7 hrs only
This is the best phone under 5000,the display is good,the body of the phone looks great ,battery backup is good but it's camera is on the wrong side of its quality.
Had a great experience buying on Flipkart. Nice Phone. Camera is toooooooo Poor. it should come up wiht 5MP camara. but when i check it, it is showing as 2MP only. But Look and Feel of phone is very good, impressive touch.But Bad Camara.
Do you want moons and stars in Rs.4000? It has got everything what a phone should have at that price and much more...
this product is good but its battery backup is very poor.only 5-6 hours. i am charging his battery every day 2 times.
this product is good but its battery backup is very poor.only 5-6 hours. i am charging his battery every day 2 times.
maine a phone karida tha bhohot kushi se magar kuch dino may a khushi gum may badal gaya. phone ka camera bhohot hi bakabas, skin touch very badly not working, battry ko 3 hour bad may charge karna parta hay dosto mary mano to a phone bilkul matt karidna
JUST BOUGHT 2 DAYS BACK,5 MP CAMERA QUALITY IS V POOR, BATTERY DRAINING FAST, OTHERWISE OK FLIPKART SERVICE IS EXCELLENT GAMES NOT GOOD
iam not satisfied because battery backup very poor can i replace the iteam another product purchase iam march 19 th this product buying and camera performance very poor
