MOBDTHG6ECNAFGQA
I purchased the Micromax canvas A93 mobile through Flipkar. The main and from camera is too bad. Nothing is visible in front camera, rear side also too bad , dark photo. I am unhappy with both the cameras.
I have buy a micromax canvas in February ,14 .Its stop working in Oct,14 though i did not used it much.Deposited to near service center in 22/10/2014.Its about 2 month passed till they are unable to provide me the service and most interesting they asking for more 30 days more.Whatever mobile you buy if you suppose to get after sale service like this hell,no one should go for this. Please dont buy any mobile from micromax. I have all the document if any one need i can share with you as well. Thanks,
battery last for 2hrs with heavy usage. micromax service are worst I had problem with my screen so i went to service center and now its been more then a month and still they say sir we'l inform. fucking nerds. Camera is like a vga camera. and picture quality of screen is also very bad. please dont buy this phone. now i got why people dont buy phones from national companies.
Pro's: yet to find after months of use Con's 1. build quality is pathetic 2. Display sucks 3.Camera is pathetic 4.Grip is bad 5. you name it, thats bad in this phone.
I had purchased this phone for my wife and she is using it pretty well from 3 months now. Specification wise its a very good phone, with respect to its price point I think it serves well. I haven't noticed any issue as yet. Except for charger going bad within 5 days which we got replaced at service center. Overall looks, usability, screen, sound, performance wise, its a good product.
Camera is not at all up to mark camera is very worst it is not like VGA also ,software is also not good,backup is worst, volume is very low...don't buy this set...this is my suggestion....
I purchase this device two weeks before. this phone has dashing all stylish look. this phone really looks attractive in your hands and the big display with just Rs 8200. This is simply worth to its value. awesome feature in a low range price phone. If you want to spend more money go either options and If you are looking for a phone with low budget go for it.
Very good phone with excellant features and low price. Can compete with Samsung grand duos. Speed and looks are awesome, so as the performance. battery is also good but the camera is not so superb quality.
This was a good phone. The look and feel is very good. I bought as a gift for my dad. Fast enough too. But the camera looks dull and the picture quality is not so good. But altogether it is a phone worth your money.
This phone looks stylish and performance is also quite impressive.v good display and video playback,nice camera too.Its got face recognition ,conference calling and a host of other features.Its true value for money.Micromax once again delivers.
Its camera brightness too low so it gives poor quality. Its other features are good. I also replace my mobile but its shows same problem.
Nice products.... Just need to improve earphone quality, its look and battery power.... Thanks Flipkart for wonderful delivery....
I got this mobile today from flipkart. Phone is realy superb. Excellent build quality look like google product. Pros: Large vivid display Look excellent Gud accessories 720p playback gud Avg camera Better battery life I feel happy... thanks flipkart for quick delivery....
Hi Guy's Awesome Phone In CANVAS MODEL and Superb working 1GB RAM 4GB ROM Is Awesome Working AND Video Clarity Is Also Superb........
I am using this phone since last 15 days, and is a pleasure to use this phone. I didn't buy this from flipkart. I got the phone at 8400 in Pune. The only drawback I found is its camera. The phone has a good configuration at this price.
micromax has developed a really awesome phone...im using this phone and it has really given what i wanted in my phone......budget is also low....and also looks great.... amd thank you flipkart......:)
I am using this phn. Its a good phone with 1Gb RAM & Android 4.2. Price is also good for this configuration
