MOBDRHPJDQEJDYPZ
Please Please do not purchase this mobile I have purchased this mobile & within one month this mobile is out of service. It is getting hanged and display is also lost. There is very very very poor customer service. I fed up with this customer service. Finally, I kept this Mobile in my drawer & there is no use of this phone at all Company is spending money only for Advertising. There is no option for negative rating. if is there then this mobile will get MINUS 100 rating
Hi, this is an amazing phone, awesome battery, awesome camera (except for flash which is not great but still kind of ok), screen resolution is also great,amazing speaker sound. Honestly with this price i would strongly recommend this phone to everyone. I have been using it for a month now and have faced no issues.
i got my phone 2 days earlier from flipkart thanks for that. i been using this phone for some couple of days where i had gone through many phones and made my decision here i must say that go for some good brand even if fetch u a little bit more money.the problem that i had gone through 1. they did not mentioned how much it weights and friends it is too heavy around 220gm and not so user friendly 2. no service at all which is one of the main issue 3. now itself i am facing some problem where my touch is not working properly 4. it is too large for handling we require both hands personally i dont recommend this phone for anyone pls never get cheated
For all those who plan to buy iball Andi 5.5n@ quadro a very serious "NO" would be my advice. The phone's camera sucks, it has software issues all the time, you can't upgrade the software either in the phone. If you all still go ahead & buy this phone don't pick it up from MobTab company option that Flipkart offers as that company is pathetic in its after sales services. For all the problems i faced i want my phone to returned & my money to be reimbursed neither MobTab nor Flipkart is interested in replying despite of the intimation being done in time with the mentioned 10day period. iBall Andi though offers alot in less price isn't worth a buy as it takes away your satisfaction level from the phone against it.
I received this product 2 days earlier from the date of delivered, at the first look the phone look awsome, sound quality is good, screen size is amazing at this price, there was not major issue about hanging, we often seen in samsung model, The problem i face ri8 now is 1) no more user friendly 2) very heavy to handle 3) camera quality is not like 12 MP 4) we can't take a snap shot in dark night 5) flash is not good enough If u can comromise this all problems, then & then purchase this device.
pros: 1. excellent IPS display with 267 ppi good resolution and large 5.5" screen 2. beautiful sound quality 3. very good battery back up 4. nice build 5. comes with 2 screen guards and flip cover by company 6. no lag in speed during multitasking 7. doesn't heat up even during charging 8. supports almost all basic applications. in built apps are working fine 9. USB transfer is very easy. no additional software is required cons: 1. camera quality is moderate 2. the set is heavy 3. large set. so not for those who want to operate using single hand
I brought (13k) from local Mkt 4 days back, as no deliver to my city - Pune. Phone is superb with large HD display and brilliant performance. Sound quality is awesome and HD videos work flawless. Touchscreen is great and battery back is fantastic (running on 3G whole day with moderate to heavy use). I will review more details in coming weeks.
Excellent mobile phone.Easy to use.prossessor is very fast while multitasking. Browsing is excellent. Screen clarity is excellent. Camera is superb, On the this is equivalent to Samsung/Apple make phones, I BALL IS EXCELLENT MAKE.
I am the big victim of this mobile,i purchased on jan31st2014,i loved the piece as it is having superb cam quality and looking nice even seeing me one of my friend purchased the same.But after 2months my mobile started giving pblm,Touch Sensor pblm it automatically reacts taken to svc centre they just did sotware upgrade and returned again after 1month same pblm ,service centre people did same software upgrade and returned as they are half knowledged.On October 15th my mobile battery got swollen and they r unable to give new battery and replaced with used piece5T Cobalt2 on dec22nd 2014 when i escalated today that is on24th jan 2015 i recieved 5k Sparkle by taking back 5T Cobalt2.What features we have Andi 5.5N2 Quadro and what features in Andi 5k Sparkle ave complete cheating .You dont have Andi 5.5N2 Quadro in official iball site .Still u want to purchase u will never get flipcovers,battery and also proper service.
I bought this phone on 31st March this year from ebay and was more than satisfied. Seamless performance, good battery life, superb touch unlike the Samsung galaxy s duos I bought and sold off after merely six months. But my battery stopped working the day the warranty on phone accessories wore out. It was the eve of Durga Puja and thereafter I could only reach the service centre after the long line of puja, dussehra and eid holidays were over. To this day I have not received the battery or any kind of feedback despite mail or calls. My hard earned money just went down the drain. Now am frantically on the look for a replacement but its not available in the service centre and on top of that, it has such a large shape and size that it cannot be substituted by samsung or nokia battery instead. May be I'll receive the battery after a month, who can say but there is nil feedback ! No battery is available in Kolkata, and God knows when it will be, and its an Indian company !
value for the money,display,sound clarity,flip cover,finishing of the phone,camera clarity and company scratch guard and flip cover, every thing is good, best buy
GOOD QUALITY IN SOUND ,DISPLAY AND BATTERY, BUT CAMERA QUALITY IS COMPARATELY NOT OK FOR 12 MP COMPARED TO SONY,MICROMAX,HTC AND NOKIA. ONLY CAMERA QUALITY IS LESS. SOUND ,BATTERY,DISPLAY ARE GOOD.
Advantage: ;1) Large Screen 2) HD Video Recording 3) Good for playing Games & Watching Videos 4) Touching Screen is good 5) Video Calling is OK 6) Android Gelly Bean working fine Advantage: 1) Little Heavy if you compare to other Phones 2) Cant Take Photo @ Dark (Flash is not Good) Overall i can give 3.5/5 :LED Flash, Can't Take Photo in dark in Night Little bit Heavy,
I completely agree with sharath ..it too heavy to handle otherwise colours , playing heavy games , camera no hanging problems that we all see in samsung all other qualities are well made , we always keep in mind in buying such phones should not to expect too much from them .but this phone delivers as its expected and comparable to big brands on the other hand if we have 20 to 30K in pocket we can go for other brand as technology changes every month , we should always know that no one is going to keep phone more than a year or 6 months .... over all all phones have some prons and cons .....
iball andi 5.5N2 is very good phone. battery backup is nise. price wise is also very good. all the feature is there in this phone i have seen in this phone as campre to price. double speaker is also very nise camera , video touch screen every thing in this phone is good. buy it do not wase your time.......
Superb battery backup, display, audio and perfoe. Can beat any other phone at this price. Only problem I found is that it don't suppot otg.u're gonna love it.... The battery backup is awesome.playing videos in high sound consumes battery a little bit.but we adjust it.it last over 7hrs minimum when the screen is completly on a day.the sound is the best positive side of the phone.2 loud speakers which gives you a high hearing experience that no other companies does.this is a exelent phone this exelent features.the touch and response is very good and gaming is very smooth. it have 1gb ram which is very essential for this phone.browser,video player,are very good.video clarity with 267ppi gives very very exelent clarity as Sony does. So over all the best phone released this year with low price.go for it..
BEST MOBILE IN RANGE BUT ONLY CON IS FLASH LIGHT IS NOT SO GOOD BUT BATTERY BACKUP IS AWESOME. AND ALSO A GOOD FOR GAMING EXPERIENCE PLUS CLARITY AND SOUND IS AWESOME
I have always been using only branded cell phones and beleive me, i have used quite a lot of them............but this is the best for batterry life in comparison to nothing in android........good clarity and awesome feeling only drawback is that it is too big to handle.......
