MOBDSW3CVZWBFS4W
Lava Iris 404e is an entry level smartphone which has a decent specs. Drawbacks: Only 256mb RAM Only 230mb available in system storage Advantages: good camera good performance less laggy
Nice phone for the price good looking and better performance for the Price. Indian brands rock.They can shake the market if the after sales service is good enough.
it is best in this price and built in good features t's always better to review a product you have used. i love this mobile its verry good in all aspects
If you are think about buying the Lava Iris 404e, I am pretty sure that you know that you will not get flagship level specifications at the price you are looking at. However, what you are looking for is a phone that will give you the most amount of value for your money. Design The Lava Iris 404e looks gorgeous, more so when you consider its low price. I thought I will end up with a run of the mill black or grey phone but getting a cute white phone is a boon. In fact, the phone looks a lot more expensive than it actually is. Hardware The Lava Iris 404e comes with a 1.2 GHz dual core processor along with 256 MB of RAM which is just enough to run the 4.2 Android Jelly Bean OS. It may seem like the phone is way underpowered, but it is surprisingly good. White it does lag while using intensive apps, it isn’t as bad as I thought it would be. Additionally, the phone weighs a mere 113 grams, which is great because most other smart phones are pretty heavy and huge when it comes to their overall size making them difficult to fit inside a jeans pocket. The screen itself is a petite 4 inches, which contributes to the compact design of the phone. The resolution on this screen is 480x800 which gives good viewing angles as well as ensuring that all images are fairly crisp. As a result, watching movies on this phone is quite nice. The Lava Iris 404e has dual sim capacity as well as an additional slot for an SD card (the maximum data that it can support is 32GB and I have currently put in a 16GB card as I find that more than enough). The internal memory is 2GB, which is fine as well. The camera is the only weak point about the phone as it only has 2 mp. But thankfully you get a flash as well as a front facing camera. So it is more versatile than its competitors. Software The phone comes with Android Jelly bean 4.2. This means that you get access to the Google play store where you can download apps, games and even movies. The phone is also capable of playing a number of audio and video formats though I advise that you stick with standard definition as higher definition may slow the phone a bit. Otherwise, everything runs smoothly as you would expect. Verdict The Lava Iris 404e blends power, performance and price effortlessly. This is the phone for you if you are on a great budget friendly phone.
Internal memory is so poor only lets you load up whats app app. & the biggest issue even after loading an 8Gb external card does not allow transfer to the external memory. Mobile has been built to make you cry. THen the touch screen goes out of order within a few months. You need to put the earplug to listen to calls as the voice quality receiving device is very poor. DOnt buy, you can get a better starter level mobile in the market then this piece of shit.
i bought this phone seems good but poor services from flipkart made a bad experience for me. not able to use the product fully yet flipkart use to deliver incomplete orders n says we resolved the issue
I have been using this phone for about 3-4 months now. The phone is a good budget phone, nice display, looks good, feels sturdy, battery life is good can last for more than a day. The only minus point about the phone is its internal storage is too low, even to store basic apps like whatsapp, truecaller, gmail, etc. You'll get the storage full message every time there is an update. Neither can you move these apps to SD card. The other thing is the camera not all that great, images not so clear. I would say its a good phone but not for heavy gamers, mobile photographers & those who like to use apps a lot. Maybe you should slightly extend your budget and think of buying Moto E or Micromax Unite 2.
Good Product nice display nice look good sound quality price wise the mobile is exellent...i recommend this product.best of lava budget wise....
a good phone if your are going for a economic buy.. display is good camera is also acceptable(considering the price). Sound quality :- OK (not that great) speed:- It lags if some apps are downloaded Overall performance:price ratio is 3:2
The Lava Iris 404e, the latest smart phone manufactured by Lava has been decently priced and has a lot more to do with utility than it has with adding bling. I will give them credit for coming out with a smart phone that falls in the lower segment but for that very reason has the potential to become the next big thing within that segment. Here???s a look at what this phone has to offer. Build and Looks At 113g, this phone appeals to those who detest carrying bulky phones. This phone comes in a ivory white and has a nice classic look to it. Understated yet elegant. The phone is slim and does not look oversized in one???s hand. Platform Supported by the Android Jelly Bean, the 1.2 GHz processor is fast and efficient. Although the software is not exactly current, it does still have a lot to offer and complements the price segment of this phone. Smooth and fast functioning have not been compromised on, and that is what matters. Display A WVGA TFT screen with a resolution of 480*800 pixels, the screen is sized at 4 inches. Movie viewing and gaming experiences are apt, and the kind one would expect in an affordable smart phone. Camera The rear camera is of 2 megapixels which I feel is minimalistic. However, good lighting during the daytime and the LED flash does enable one to click good pictures in the dark. The value adds that Lava has provided include 4x digital zoom and the ability to take panoramic shots, which is missing in even high-end smart phones by certain manufacturers. The front camera is a VGA one and is decent for tasks like video calling. Battery The 1400 mAh Li-Po battery is kind of a letdown and basically means that it needs to be charged more frequently, depending upon your usage. For gamers like me, this can be an issue. However, it will last for 4-5 hours including tasks like making calls and using applications like WhatsApp on 2G. Miscellaneous This phone exclusively supports 2G, has an inbuilt memory of 1.2 GB that can be expanded up to a good 32 GB and has a dual sim provision. Verdict The looks and its multi-language software (Android) feature is its main USP for which it has the potential to do really well in the market. The pricing is also just INR 5000/- which makes it a sensible buy.
i bought two and found myself tied in a knot around my neck.bloody slow among all the cheapest phones in the universe.if anyone of you plan to try this then hang yourself up.that will give u peace.
My Experience is not good, the RAM is very less, which I realized after buying. The set is very very slow
can motion car race or bike race will supported by this product.... nd which apps are supported by this device... nd which are not supported ....
My other mobile Lava Iris 354e has 2gb rom but there is a problem that only around 200 mb can be used for apps and all other space can be used for other user content. Is it same in Lava Iris 404e? Please go to settings>apps>all>check how much space is used for apps and how much is free and please reply friends :)
I this world, your phone is your status symbol. I bought Lava 404e because I wanted a budget friendly smart phone that I could show off to all my friends. This phone has a 2MP camera and VGS front camera and the battery life is 1400 mAh, which doesn’t sound good, but it is actually pretty decent, especially when you consider the price. I like the way it looks because it is all white and looks really sleek and stylish and looks a lot more expensive than it actually is. The screen is 4 inches and the resolution on it is 480x800 so the images are not blurry and annoying as with other phones in this category. It cost me around 5000bucks and I think it’s pretty great for that price.
A number of people have smart phones and I have wanted one myself for a very long time. The Lava 404e is a spectacular and budget friendly phone and I just couldn’t resist buying it. The phone cost me around 5K and has a 4 inch touch screen, which is just the right size for me. The battery capacity is pretty decent, it is 1400 mAh and sometimes doesn’t last throughout the day but that depends on the usage. The screen comes with a 480x800 resolution which gives pretty crisp images.
Lava 404e cost me around 4.5 K and to be honest, I am impressed with the kinds of specs it has. A 1400 mAh battery capacity is pretty average as well as the WVGA 480x800resolution that ensures that the images are quite clear. I like the 4 inch touch screen and the thickness is just 9.9mm, which is great because I hate bulky phones in general. 1.2 Ghz Dual quad Core Processor is also damn cool feature at this price and makes the Android experience something to enjoy. The user available memory is 1.2 GB however this can be expanded till 32 GB with an SD card. Great phone for the asking price!
The Lava Iris 404e yet another good phone by Lava! I love the way it looks and the dual core processor that makes the user experience quite awesome on the Android Jelly Bean OS. The 4 inch screen is a great size for a phone as it fits snuggly in my hand or pocket and looks great thanks to the WVGA resolution of 480x800 and the 1400 mAh battery which gives excellent battery life which is pretty decent as it easily lasts during my work hours. Also, I love the way it looks… the white sleek body makes it look like its much more expensive than it actually is. Love this phone!!
I bought the Lava Iris 404 e recently and am very happy with it. This phone is extremely light and weighs just 113 grams which barely makes you feel like you’re carrying a phone around. The phone has some pretty good features like the 1.2 Ghz dual core processor that makes using the Android 4.2 OS a joy to use. The phone also has a display with a WVGA resolution of 480x800 which makes watching movies and videos quite a treat. It supports dual sim cards and also has a separate slot for an SD card. The maximum expansion of data can be 32GB and I use a 16 GB card which is a lot as I only use the phone to make calls and watch videos and movies during my commute!
The Lava Iris 404e is a good phone. The weight is just 113 grams and the display has a resolution of 480x800, which is pretty good and gives some great viewing angles. I like this phone because it is quite sleek and easy on the wallet. I like the overall look and feel of it and find it easy to use in general. It’s a pretty good phone overall. The dual core 1.2 GHz processor is also really awesome as it makes the android jelly bean os fly!
I bought the Lava Iris 404e as my very first smart phone and I am very happy. The Lava Iris 404e has all the features you can expect from a modern smart phone but at a very reasonable price which make it the perfect smartphone for youngsters. Design and build The design of the phone was one of the main reasons that drew me towards it. The beautiful white colour of the phone looks really stylish and looks really refreshing from the slew of competitive phones that sport the same black colour. The power and volume rocker are the phone physical keys on the phone and are easy to find, even in the dark. The overall build of the phone is quite nice. The phone seems quite sturdy and feels that it will be able to withstand a couple of knocks easily. Hardware and Software The Lava Iris 404e is a dual SIM phone that is powered by a 1.2 GHz, dual core processor that with 256 MB of RAM that is powering Android Jellybean OS. The specifications of the phone may not seem like much but it is much better than most other similarly priced competitors. In fact, I didn’t run into any lag or framing issues while using the phone except when I tried to run some high end games on the phone The phone also has 2 GB of internal memory out of which 1.2 GB is available to the user. This is an obvious attempt at keeping the price low. Thankfully, there is a micro SD card slot that lets the user expand the memory to a maximum of 32 GB. Camera The camera was one place that I was worried about when I bought the phone. The phone only has a 2 MP camera which isn’t too good. But when I used the camera, it doesn’t seem that bad. I rarely use the camera in my life and whatever pictures I do take look quite good. Moreover, the phone has a LED flash to take pictures in low light conditions. The phone also has a front facing camera for taking selfies (if you are into that sort of thing) and also for video chatting. Verdict The folks have Lava Mobiles have done the best they could to create a product that will give maximum value for the lowest price. Sure, some features of the phone seem a little less but when you look at the entire package, you get a very good phone that you can use anywhere at anytime without the need to break the bank.
The best phones in the world are generally the phone that you have to pay an arm and a leg for. Lava Mobiles has been a breath of fresh of air providing extremely good phones at a reasonable price. The Lava Iris 404e is their offering towards the lower end of the price where competition is fierce. Let’s see if it has got what it takes. Looks The Lava iris 404e’s bright white colour helps it stand out from the sea of black and grey that you usually find at this price point. The phone looks very good due to the faux metal body which is actually high quality plastic. The physical keys stand out and can be pressed without much difficultly. The front of the phone is dominated by the 4 inch screen with the speaker and front facing camera above it while the 3 capacitive keys line up below. The rear of the device has the camera module as well as the flash. Hardware The phone is a dual sim phone that is powered by a dual core processor clocked at 1.2 GHz and the RAM is 256 MB. It may not seem like much but actually enough to power the Android 4.2 Jelly Bean. The phone has 2 GB internal memory out of which about 1 GB can be used. Thankfully, you get a memory card slot that lets you expand the memory to a hefty 32 GB. Display The phone as a mediocre WVGA display with 480x800 resolution. This resolution is pretty good for a phone at this price range with good colour reproduction. The capacitive display is very responsive and has multi touch functionality. Camera The phone come with a 2 MP camera with isn’t very good; no doubt a cost cutting measure by Lava. Thankfully Lava have a ace in the hole in the form of an LED flash that i don’t think any other phone in this category will have. Aside from the flash, the phone also has a front facing VGA camera that is very useful you are a fan of Skype chats or selfies. Verdict While the phone does have a low 2 mp camera, the other features, especially the price, are enough to justify the Lava Iris 404e
The Lava Iris 404e, the latest smart phone manufactured by Lava has been decently priced and has a lot more to do with utility than it has with adding bling. I will give them credit for coming out with a smart phone that falls in the lower segment but for that very reason has the potential to become the next big thing within that segment. Here’s a look at what this phone has to offer. Build and Looks At 113g, this phone appeals to those who detest carrying bulky phones. This phone comes in a ivory white and has a nice classic look to it. Understated yet elegant. The phone is slim and does not look oversized in one’s hand. Platform Supported by the Android Jelly Bean, the 1.2 GHz processor is fast and efficient. Although the software is not exactly current, it does still have a lot to offer and complements the price segment of this phone. Smooth and fast functioning have not been compromised on, and that is what matters. Display A WVGA TFT screen with a resolution of 480*800 pixels, the screen is sized at 4 inches. Movie viewing and gaming experiences are apt, and the kind one would expect in an affordable smart phone. Camera The rear camera is of 2 megapixels which I feel is minimalistic. However, good lighting during the daytime and the LED flash does enable one to click good pictures in the dark. The value adds that Lava has provided include 4x digital zoom and the ability to take panoramic shots, which is missing in even high-end smart phones by certain manufacturers. The front camera is a VGA one and is decent for tasks like video calling. Battery The 1400 mAh Li-Po battery is kind of a letdown and basically means that it needs to be charged more frequently, depending upon your usage. For gamers like me, this can be an issue. However, it will last for 4-5 hours including tasks like making calls and using applications like WhatsApp on 2G. Miscellaneous This phone exclusively supports 2G, has an inbuilt memory of 1.2 GB that can be expanded up to a good 32 GB and has a dual sim provision. Verdict The looks and its multi-language software (Android) feature is its main USP for which it has the potential to do really well in the market. The pricing is also just INR 5000/- which makes it a sensible buy.
Gaiz… I relly wanted a smart fone 2 use but cudn’t affrd these expensive models. Then saw this new Lava phone – 404e which is vry kewl and cheap also. It cost me arnd 4,499/- INR … so it was easy 4 me to buy dis phone as I dunnot have to pay the EMIs or anything s2pid. It has 4 inch touches screen and ultra kewl body that looks lyk old Iphone. Whatsaap and FB work vry nice on this. Will recommend phone 2 all frndz.
The Lava 404e is a cool phone for its price. . It has 1 GB in built memory which is not that great but it can be expanded with a memory card. The phone has a 1.2 GHz dual core processor with 512 mb RAM which powers the Android Jelly Bean OS. The 2 MP camera with LED flash doesn’t sound too good but it is capable of taking 720p HD videos. The battery capacity is 1400 mAh and for me that is a problem however, since the battery is remove bale, I can carry a spare battery. Another positive point is that it doesn’t take that long to charge. Overall, it’s a pretty decent phone for its price.
After clearing my IIT Exam with distinction, father bought me Lava iris Pro 30. This mobile is a smart phone with great specifications that truly make it a premium range cell phone. Display and hardware To start with, the battery capacity is great. It is 2000 mAh and along with the CABC technology, this phone lasts 30% longer than most smart phones, which is something I really appreciate. The 4.7 HD screen has a 1280x720 resolution which gives great images and super viewing angles. The 331 pixels per image feature also contributes to this. The internal memory in this phone is 4GB and that can be expanded up to a maximum of 32 GB by using an SD card. This phone also supports dual sim cards as well. Camera I am absolutely in love with the 8MP camera as my previous phone only had a 2MP and this is a big jump for me. The front camera is 3MP, which is better than having a VGS camera that produces blurry images. The camera also has a dual LED flash system that gives brighter pictures at night. Software and other features It has some futuristic features also such as the lift to answer, lift to call and flip to mute features that are not only time consuming but also quite impressive. The operating system here is the Android 4.2.2 which is commonly known as Jellybean. I like the interface and display of this phone and find the system extremely easy to navigate. Another thing that I really like about this phone is the way it looks. It is extremely slim (thickness: 7.5mm) and also very light (weighing only 114 grams). The phone itself looks like a flat shiny slab and does have a lot of resemblance to the IPhone (albeit with a much bigger screen of course!). With great themes, wallpapers and ringtones, it is very easy to personalize the phone according to your personality. Verdict The phone offers almost all features that one will need without any unnecessary add-ons. This allows Lava to bring the price down and make the Lava Iris pro 30 a very attractive proposition.
Lava 404e is a truly fantastic phone. To be honest, I am impressed with this budget smart phone with the kinds of specs it has. A 1400 mAh battery capacity is pretty average and so is the 480x800 resolution that ensures that the images are quite clear. I like the 4 inch touch screen because I feel like it’s neither too big nor too small. It is a pretty slim phone and is just 9.9mm thick, which is great because I hate bulky phones in general. 1.2 Ghz Dual quad Core Processor is also damn cool at this price. The built in memory is 2 GB internal (1.2GB for user) however this can be expanded till 32 GB with an SD card. This phone also supports dual sim capacity. Great phone for the asking price!
After seeing specifications it does not look worth even. How can they launch it with such price. Galaxy phone are more better and cheaper.
