MOBDSAVHSWPVDAYH
Ordered on 28th jan. Got on 29th Jan. Awesome service flipkart considering most sellers do not ship to my location. The product. I have used it for approximately a month now and i can give you a detailed review. First things first- You get the games if you buy from flipkart and the seller is WS Retail. Maybe others offer it too but i cant say. Display:- For a windows phone with all its lined icons and tiles instead of the round curvy ones in iOS or Android, 480x800 does amazingly well considering its is only a 4 inch panel. Agreed its not a retina but it is still not that obvious to the naked eye. Brightness is awesome for the phone in 10k category. I mean cmon guys stop comparing it to those Amoled panels. They cost you. IPS display, excellent colour reproduction and as always, nokia's quality. Touch:- Only one word. BUTTER. in high sensitivity, you actually do not need to touch it. if you maintain a very small gap, you get to use it. The double tap to wake is great for checking the notifications while its lying on a table. Build quality:- Guys, just remember one thing, it comes from the company which made the 3310. Awesome quality an the poly-carbonate back feels much better than the cheap Samsung ones. The only disadvantage, Nokia dosen't give you flip-covers like Samsung. And the Lumia 520 covers and cases by Nokia are absolutely compatible. I have always been a fan of straight lines and edges. So i love its design. If you like curves, go for Samsung. Battery:- A 1430mAH battery but performs much better thanks to the windows phone OS. Lasts me about a day with usage included. On standby with background 3G with some whats app and brightness on auto, Gave me a full 2 day session until it switched off. Performance:- The USP of the phone. A snapdragon s4 Dual core in 10 K? Two years ago i would have told you its impossible. Nokia bought me by providing a snapdragon at this price point. Dual core runs all the windows apps and games without lag or stutter even with two running. 1GB RAM is the best you can get at this price and honestly, its quite enough. I ran NOVA 3, Modern Combat 4, Lets golf HD, Assassins creed, NFS HP. None of them lagged. For stress testing, Uninstalled all apps, cleared all files and installed two games NOVA 3 and MC4. ran both simeltaneously and NOVA had slight stutters in Graphically intense scenes But MC4 lagged a bit. Mostly due to lack of cores for parallel processing. Camera:- Compare it with anything up to the 20K range except the lumias and it'll just blow them off. Guys remember one thing, megapixel matters only when you want a whole big print. Except for that quality matters and this thing gives you just that. The focusing is fast. The capture is fast too. The Nokia camera is a good thing for a planned photo but for a quick snap, the general camera is much better. Video is clear and sound reproduction is just awesome. The OS:- Depends on your taste. If you want all that games and customisability with ROM's and all that stuff, go for an android. Windows is targeted towards a guy who wants just some basic smartphone features for manual and want to let the phone do all the other stuff. All general functions are there. Dont forget the nokia MixRAdio. Necessary apps are available. All games are not but quite a few are. Here Maps. Just Awesome. Comparing with moto G. Firstly it costs 2.5k more. Secondly, its quad core is a older Snapdragon 400 not a S4 pro. And as the render resolution on the screen is more(720x1280)it it taxed out. Still performs better Than the lumia:( Camera is a big Letdown. Build quality is okay okay. Screen is much better that the 525. Verdict:- Unless you are a geek who want all the latest and the best, go for the nokia. If you want that big appstore and app ecosystem, go for the Moto G. DO NOT, I Repeat DO NOT go fro indian brands like LAVA, Micromax, etc. I agree they have good phones but the service is pathetic. Please stay away. If you want the iOS, the apple iPhone 4 is still for sale, grab it.
"There are many reasons to why I am proud of my Nokia Lumia 525. First of all it has been enclosed in a colourful glossy shell that plays a significant part in it’s outlook. More over this colourful shell is hard and durable and is resistant to any kind of hard blows or impact. The large 4” IPS LCD display with the clear black technology provides for a great viewing experience. It comes in 3 different colours and I can swap the cover can between these 3 colours according to my choice. Its gentle and smooth curves and soft edges enhance the slim structure of the phone. Everything from the images to texts appears spectacular on it’s big screen. I have never before known that playing games or watching movies on a phone can be such enjoyable. The dual core processor and the 1 GB RAM also deserve a large chunk of the credit for this as without these all the functions of the handset wouldn’t have been so smooth.I have been doing a bit of photography with the 5 MP camera of my phone since it isn’t at all tough and yet captures images like an expert. All I do is click the button and the rest of the task is done by the Nokia Lumia 525 itself. The Nokia Camera is actually the saviour. It is the best photography app I have come across so far. It is amazing how adeptly and easily it performs few of the very complicated editing jobs such as taking the Action Shots, blurring backgrounds and so on. Other than the Nokia Smart Cam there are a host of other photography apps as well. The home screen of my Nokia Lumia 525 looks wonderful with the colourful and customizable live tile on which I can select and my favourite apps and other stuffs. Apps like the MS Office, Outlook etc have also enabled me to read, create and share documents on my phone itself. "
although i have still not got my hands on this device (hope to pretty soon).In windows phones bigger ram,means one thing ... Many more apps with heavier graphics will be supported on this device without any problem.Although the 520 has just 512 mb of ram it still ran much much more smoothly than the others in that price range..so imagine 525..Anyway nokia giving out an awesome deal which is valid till 31 of march i guess... they are giving away gameloft games worth rs-2025 for free ...refer the official nokia site for more details
While using windows phone experience in first week was wonderful,after 1 week we can understand the limitation,boundaries and all. Positives:1.speed,2.Look,3.gaming experience(available in all 1gb ram other platforms also),4.IPS LCD,5.good camera clarity in day time Negatives: 1.cant download videos,mp3s to gallery,2.cant use live wallpapers 3.poor collection of apps in store,3.unchangeable theme(only colors can change,not lay out), 4.unwanted over heating. my experience was not good with this phone, simply you will get bored with nokia lumia in couple of weeks if you are a kind of person who likes to explore apps.
Good phone with affordable price. I don't know why the people are telling they cant find the received files. Here is the solution: 1. Ask your friend to send the file via blue tooth (Video) 2. Once transfer completes, search the file in your mobile which you never get where it stored. 3. Connect to desktop and search for the "Saved pictures" folder on Phone Memory. There you will find the received files from Blue tooth. Then simply disconnect it from desktop. 4. The above "Saved pictures" folder will be created whenever you receive any files via blue tooth in Photos -> Albums -> Saved pictures 5. Enjoy the video which you received from your friend.. Thanks.........
Nokia Lumia 525 is a superb windows phone with excellent feautures.... Its better than android phones.... Just go for it if uwant something different from others, the best quality phone at cheap price...... Thanks to Flipkart for its fast delivery& geniune product within two days....
There are a lot of things about the Nokia Lumia 525, which I like. I like it’s glossy and colourful exterior, the big 5” IPS LCD screen, long battery life and the host of amazing features. The 5 MP camera is also very good for photography. I haven’t seen a better editing tool on a phone before. The Nokia Camera and other apps can perform a number of complicated editing functions simply. More over the dual core processor and the high resolution RAM help in the overall smooth functioning of the handset. It also has a strong battery that doesn’t require to be charged every now and then.
Well i brought this phone in yellow color from a local shop in nehru place @9500/- only... obiously flipkart is selling them at very high price.... now regarding the performance.... phone is very good in terms of touch , display, apps, camera... but what worried me most about this is its battery backup , which iz very poor.... details review of back up .....when phone iiz 100% charged games- 3hours talktime- 6 hours data connection 2g/3g- 8 hours/5hours or even less.. music - 6-7 hours... basic use with little game, music, internet- 7-8 hours... heavy huge in games, music, internet- 4 hours... i brought this phone after reading lots of review abt this phone n most of d people said that battery back up is quite goood..... but beleive me frnds ..it iz not good at all.... every time when u want to spend some tym with phone , its battery start decreasing at the rate of 18-20% per hour.... so if u want a good phone with not much use , then it iz ryt choice... but that is not for what lumia 525 made for... its a gaming phone so its battery should also be more powerful.. oderwise no use of this type of phone....
I like to recommend this mobile. Nokia Lumia 525 has brought with a wide range of advanced features which has made it a smartphone in it’s own rights. The shiny and colourful interchangeable cover came in 3 choices of colours and I had decided upon the yellow one then. The 4” display in the front makes the handset pretty attractive and also makes operations on it easier as I get a lot of screen space which is helpful in case of a touch screen. The sleek and trendy phone is loaded with a number of useful as well as entertaining apps that I can boast of. The Microsoft Office app, which helps me create and edit documents on the go. Since it can even support document formats like Pdf, Excel, Word, One Note, Power Point I can instantly download files from the internet and get going with my work without wasting too much time. The big 4” LCD with high resolution and True Colour display gives an amazing gaming experience. The display enhances the quality of the pictures that I take with it’s 5 MP camera. Now if I get bored when I have to travel long distances, I have a whole new world of entertainment and fun at my fingertip.The images taken with the 5 MP camera is complete with sharp texture and rich colours. I can capture the precious moments of my life with great ease and proficiency. The Nokia Smart Camera is capable of performing a number of advanced editing functions which people usually do with the help of a separate software. It can take Action Shots, remove unwanted objects from the picture or capture the best smile. It has an internal storage memory of 8 GB which is expandable upto 64 GB, for storing all my files and applications. The Nokia Lumia 525 has a customizable home screen which makes it more personalized. I can select and edit the colourful live tiles and set it the way I would want my home screen to appear. I also now know where to find what on the phone.
Nokia Lumia 525 is my newest smartphone which I have been using for a few months now. It’s a league apart from the other phones that I have used before. Firstly it is the prettiest looking phone that I have owned. The bright red coloured cover with a glossy finish makes it look very stylish and attractive. The gentle and slim built of the handset enables me to carry it around with ease. It has a large 4” screen that is backed by the IPS LCD and the True Colour technology which makes the display spectacularly sharp and clear. The overall design of my Nokia Lumia 525 is good enough to flaunt it. And it is not just about looks. There are a lot of other features as well that I can boast of about my phone. To look at it from it’s hardware aspects, the dual core processor and the 1GB RAM act as the foundation of the device. Because of these my phone runs smoothly and Nokia Lumia 525 is my newest smartphone which I have been using for a few months now. It’s a league apart from the other phones that I have used before. Firstly it is the prettiest looking phone that I have owned. The bright red coloured cover with a glossy finish makes it look very stylish and attractive. The gentle and slim built of the handset enables me to carry it around with ease. It has a large 4” screen that is backed by the IPS LCD and the True Colour technology which makes the display spectacularly sharp and clear. The overall design of my Nokia Lumia 525 is good enough to flaunt it. And it is not just about looks. There are a lot of other features as well that I can boast of about my phone. To look at it from it’s hardware aspects, the dual core processor and the 1GB RAM act as the foundation of the device. Because of these my phone runs smoothly and doesn’t hang or gets stuck. From my past experiences I have seen that usually the handsets that are super loaded with features lags as the processor is unable to pull those off. But with the dual core processor of my handset I do not have to face such problems. My Nokia Lumia has been loaded with a number of useful and interesting Apps. The MS Office and the Outlook help in creating, editing and sharing any document and also send urgent mails from my phone. The 7 GB of free storage on the MS One Drive that has been allotted to me keeps safe all my important documents and I can access it from anyplace. Moreover the HERE Maps are the default navigation apps for my phone which give me turn by turn directions whenever I need. Apart from these apps there are quite a few photography apps which come handy when I have to edit any picture. Thus I am highly pleased with my new phone and have already recommended it to many of my friends. Nice one
Nokia has always been one of the trusted phone brands in India. Though of late, Samsung and a slew of Indian/Chinese brand Android phones seemed to have reduced the might have the Finnish handset maker in the India market, Nokia has finally made its comeback. And what a comeback it is. With the Lumia 520 and Lumia 525, Nokia gives a strong message its still one of the best out there. There are multiple technical reviews online which will give you a much better idea of the intricacies of the hardware and OS than I can do here. But one thing I'd like to say is that of the 3 major OSes of today, WP has the most fluid and lag free interface of all. It's a welcome change from the page-over-page-of-icons interface of iOS and Android and Live tiles actually make glancing for updates much easier. But the two most exciting features for me are the two exclusive Nokia apps - Mix Radio and Here Drive/Transit. Mix Radio offers unlimited music that you can stream or download for offline use. A very good mix of various genres of music right from Rock and Pop to Carnatic Classical, and music in various Indian languages. Its an absolute killer app. The deal clincher for me was Here Drive, which offers free offline voice-guided turn-by-turn navigation. I cannot stress the word 'offline' any less, as that's the basic difference between Google maos, which always requires a data connection, and Here, which would work without increasing your data costs and in areas where there is no network. Battery life may be a bit of a concern if you're a heavy user. 1440 mAh is not really enough to get through the day. Do note that the 525 is a budget phone, and hence certain features have been omitted, like LED flash, front camera and Corning Gorilla glass. In spite of that, I feel the phone does what its supposed to do with great ??lan, without lag or hanging and manages to hold its own against really good offerings from the Android stable. One last word about apps - perhaps most people have a major complain that there aren't sufficient apps in the Windows Store. But I found that there are apps for almost all important stuff. I think the major bases are covered and lack of apps hasn't been a problem for me till date. To summarize, the Lumia 525 is a classic offering from Nokia, incorporating the top notch build quality its known for, with a really fluid and fresh OS from Microsoft. A worthwhile contender to all Android phones. I'm also very happy with Flipkart service and price. Delivered a couple of days ahead of schedule. Packing was also very good. Keep it up, Flipkart.
i'm using this phone since jan,14...and it's working really awesome. not even a single time it took time to response to what i'm asking it to do. i'm a kind of user, who stays online all day, do texting all the time & i make calls for at least 2-3 hours a day, plays games on my phone..still the battery stands for a day which i think is very good. what else you need in a phone in this price range. TWO things that you might not like...one is it don't have flash with the camera ans second you cant save audio files from whatsapp to your phone, but for me, its fine..as i use phones camera very less n i've all my favorite tracks stored in memory card n i use nokia radio as well, which is good too.
Worth for this price. User interface looks different and good. Camera is best at 5 MP. Good display and sound clarity. Internal storage more than enough for most of the apps. Good Internet speed. Won't hang or stuck in while working. Synced with skydrive, so that all the data will be safe.
sabse mast toh bhailogo nokia music h ...pyaar kar bethoge ... aur bake abhi sab aaps aa gye h ...windows ..isliye sai h ekdum agar windows chaiye kam damm mein toh yahe lene ka aur android chaiye toh only moto g 16 GB .... bake toh kuch dekhne ka he nai
About Flipkart - This is the first time I have bought a product worth of Rs. 10,000/-. Flipkart service is really excellent & they delivered the product a day before the promised date. About NOKIA LUMIA 525 - Phone is really excellent & smooth. Windows OS is really awesome with the basic & must have features. 1GB RAM is making the device fast & smooth. But I face some minor lag while playing games like Subway surfers & Temple Run. Camera quality is also excellent. Bottom line: MUCH WORTH FOR THE AMOUNT SPENT!!!
I feel i have purchased a good nokia phone after a long time. Voice, audio/video clarity is awesome. Thanks to Flipkart, who replaced my phone for a faulty one, that too on a priority.
Its a good budget smart phone for casual social network usage, email, photography etc... But the Missing FLASH is a big NO. ....
Best phone ever used..... Lumia Black - Great Camera - Nice in day light Gaming - Suppeeeeeer Touch - Nice Loudness - Very high Display - Not HD but good Decent screen size No lag !!!!!!! Don't go for android...............this is d best Got it 4 10,200 frm nthr vendor with a free screen guard and a great set of 10 free games (Nokia offer) Don't get misleaded by someother reviews...........Go for it !!!!!
Gr8 phone particularly the camera 360 app though shots taken are a tad short of the best as compared to the market leader. Visually appealing and high on bang for buck spent esp after the RAM upgrade. Battery life is something which is concerning though. Also the free Rs 2000 worth games are yet to be provided for and wonder how...?? But don't forget the Nokia Music part - the best!
The one thing which attracts me is NOKIA.....I am huge fan of NOKIA and I had never use any phone rather than NOKIA...so while purchasing the smart phone.... I again go for Nokia.... The best thing you would get its battery Life....if you have smart phone and don't have long lasting battery than its not useful. It will last for 1.5 days for me...... You will sure find some problem in this OS in inception...but as you will be used to it you will never go for any OS.... The processor is superb....I had played lots of game with high graphics on this device....runs very smoothly....Camera is best in good light but not up to mark in low light..... The live tile concept really attracts me....and with some customize tile maker app you can make you home screen simply awesome which an android phone never allows you. I will sure recommended you this phone.....go for it.....
Lumia 520 launch price was more than Lumia 525. Still, Lumia 525 has 1gb ram and Rs. 2025 worth free games. And some people feel its not the right price? No other manufacturer is providing such a powerful phone even at12k not even Samsung, micromax or xolo. Yes they have quadcore processors, But they are of MEDIATEK whose performance is very poor when compared to the dual core Qualcom snapdragon krait processor of lumia 525. Try playing Asphalt 8 or temple run 2 on both of them and decide for yourself. Lumia 525 is the best device at this price. And people... don't wait for moto g. According to GSMArena its going to cost you atleast 15k for 8 gb model and it doesn't have a SD card support. Finally if you want a Lumia with LED flash, front camera,NFC, Dolby enhancement and nokia's clear black display at affordable price you have 2 options. 1) Go for lumia 620 ...but beware of 512mb ram 2) wait for nokia to launch a device with all the above features along with 1gb ram....630 may be?..Actually this is the device I'm waiting for Otherwise at 10k you have NO other BETTER option than LUMIA 525. IF you cant spend 10k for such a powerful device wait for the price to reduce. Thank u:)
Firstly I did not purchase this phone from flipkart as it was expensive.I bought this phone from nokia priority for Rs.10,200 which includes free games worth 2025 and free insurance. Pros: -Excellent Touch with great display. -1GB Ram (No lag at all.I am a heavy user) -Games works well without any lag -Great Design. -Nokia apps are too good -Limited apps but you will get all useful apps.(I was a android user and i found apps which was not even necessary and hardly used) -Fluidic windows operating system. -5mp camera (it is better than micromax 8mp camera) Cons: -Gets heated little when you continuously play games for 15 - 30min(Normally all phones gets heated up) Its a great phone in this price range.Just go for it....
My Nokia Lumia has apps like MS Office, Outlook, HERE Maps, Glam Me, Cinemagraph and lots of enjoyable games but still it doesn’t lag. This is solely due to the 1GB RAM and the dual core processing system, both of which ensures proper support to the system so that all the functions can be delivered at it’s best. It even has a strong battery of 1430mAh which helps the phone last long. I have seen it not run out even when I am playing games on the phone for a long time or there are multiple apps open. The customizable Live Tiles look beautiful on the 5 inches screen. The IPS LCD display and the super touch technology makes gaming experience simply awesome.
Bad Battery Life. Battery is not even staying a day when i am not even playing any game and very less talk
phone is awesome but slightly pricely its speed is nice it do not hang all over phone is nice i think u should
I purchase Nokia Lumia 525 from flipkart. I making order and final payment this company take more than 12 business to deliver this product. From company side no customer executive call me regarding delay of delivery. So. I suggested my dear friends please does not purchase any product from this site. You can go to Showroom of particular product any purchase................
Nokia Lumia 525 is a great phone in terms of hardware but where its disappoints is its buggy operating software. There are multiple bugs in the software for example: 1. You cant switch it off when its getting charged, its automatically restarts if charger is connected. 2. Most of the times volume doesn't work for music player, if you change the volume when a song is playing then the change volume takes effect when the next song is played in the list. 3. At times changes made in the settings dont take effect immidiaetely, you need to restart the phone. I dont think Windows has done enough quality tests on the OS. I am highly disappointed and finally changing my phone.
I very glad to by the Nokia Lumia 525..... before getting the Lumia 525 I was so excited but when I saw the windows phone I think why I bought this Mobile..... There is no features like Android.. Design - 3/10 Colour - 3/10 Ram - 5/10 OS - 4/10 Camera - 8/10 why should I by this mobile only for Camera. I can by the Camera Sepretly. This product doesn't support google Apps like Gmail etc...Any idea whether it's true and if so I am just wondering what Nokia ppl must be thinking when they disabled this function....
Be cautious before buying this phone, this phone will not support google apps, Mozzila firefox browser and even wikipedia apps. if you love your gmail, google maps, google chrome browser better not to buy this. dont if they are going to remove my comments. i was rally shocked when i tried to download google maps which i like the most.
If you won't need a front camera.. this one is way better than the high end phones in the lumia range..stunning performance. All in all it's a GOOD one from nokia :-P
I got this phone on the big billion day for Rs 925. I cant complain :) Its a good phone and delivers on the promise.
i brought this mobile 5 months back.. now mobile leads to hardware failure.the phone will get heat like a heater.
Hello, I have using this product for months. This is an excellent product from Nokia. I will recommend for buying it.
i am very impressed with the phone but if you wanna buy new windows phone you have to buy microsoft lumia 535
its a good mobile phone , camera quality is good .it heats if u play heavy games , thank u flip kart for a huge discount
I bought this phone after being vexed with the Samsung Galaxy S3 and I was using this since April 2014. I am extremely satisfied with this phone. The User Interface is really very smooth.MS Office came pre installed which enables viewing and editing excel sheets and word documents on the go. GPS is really good. Camera works fine during day time. Battery comes up to 2 days for me. My experiences with this phone: -Dropped it a couple of times but there's not even a scratch. -I'm extremely drenched in rain with the phone in my pocket. But it worked fine. I felt that the Windows Phone OS is really better than the Android after using both of them.
compact size for pocket, weight less, fast, add file attachment facilities in gmail, everything is best. display excellent, once if u use this nokia mobile. u cant use another mobile. good battery life, panel design is very very smart, compare with android, windows is very very best. no hanging, no heating like android mobile, light heat(it's common in all smart mobile, but it wont disturb u), camera technology is very nice, then................everything is good....dont be hesitate to buy this mobile.... just go and buy it. u can feel it. flipkart supply this mobile in two days without damage. good service
This phone is awesome for gaming! everything is very smooth the opening of apps and games loved it!.. in my opinion u should buy it! :)
Got this phone on the #Bigbillionday...!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Worth for 900rs......!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank Yew Flipkart..!!!!!
By this time everybody knows the specifications of this phone,so let me share my experiences over this phone,which i have been using it for a month and a half. In the Box : It contains a Handset,Headset,Charger,USB cable,Battery,Warranty and 525 Booklet. Handset : It's made of some renewable materials and looks elegant in your palm.It has a glossy surface on back with four different colours which are interchangeable,but it gets slippery when your palm is sweaty probably mobile cover will solve this.The point is you can't differentiate between 520 and 525 both in terms of software and Physical appearance except the RAM(i was expecting front camera and a flash as an improvement) when kept side by side they look like identical twins,well it easily fits in your palm,pocket etc.The other thing i have noticed is there's a huge difference in price between 525 models,so it's better to buy the least priced one and change the back cover which costs you around 400. OS : It's preloaded with Windows8.0,upgradeable to version 8.1 which has some upgraded features like notification bar,transparent tiles,third row tiles on home screen,installing apps on SD card,cortana(available only for US but changing the region we can get it),volume notification etc.In short Optimum utilisation of everything. Display : It's a 4 inch screen and the best part is you can reach each and every corner of the screen easily with your thumb,the super sensitive touch is just awesome and i must say the air between the screen and your thumb itself triggers the touch,which is very useful with gloves.The automatic brightness is so effective and the display is crystal clear in and off the sun. RAM : Technically speaking you will be getting 907 MB RAM which is sufficient enough for multitasking and for more games.You can open as many apps you wish without any lag. Call Quality : No complaints extremely satisfied. Downloads : What i have observed is the rate of speed is faster on mobile data rather than wifi,i may be wrong but this what i noticed in my phone. Nokia Store : Here i don't know why the inbuilt apps are different,i mean for me i got maps as inbuilt and for my friend it's not.There are some good basic apps for free and the ratio between free/paid will steadily increase i hope.Nokia Mix Radio is a good app,which i recommended it and you will be getting all the necessary apps that you require.For music app there is no album cover flow,little disappointment. Camera : 5MP is good enough for capturing a better picture at brighter times but not during low light,if we compare the quality it will be like vga resolution during low light.Nokia Camera App is simply superb esp the burst mode. Sensors : Works Extremely fine with no lags. Speaker : Loud enough to hear your ringtone in a noisy environment and to disturb the silence. Headphones : It's better to hear music in low to medium volumes,if raised to high it's better to hear over speaker than headphones because the other person easily knows what you are hearing and what i have noticed is the press key for answering/dropping call is not there.Length is sufficient and the quality is average. Charger : It's a three pin charger and you can adjust the third pin.The length of the wire is quite long.It cahrges the full battery(i.e from 0%-100%) within two hours. USB Cable : Works fine,but the length is just contrast to the Cahrger's length. Battery : It's a 1430 mAH battery,which is good enough for daily purpose.The average battery life (i.e from 100%-0%) is somewhere around 15-18 hrs for a moderate usage(includes gaming like temple run,subway surfers,rail rush etc,browsing,calling,whatsapp,skype and etc) and for high end game(asphalt,fifa,modern combat) it's around 3-5 hrs. The only disappointment is in the music app it doesn't have a cover flow of albums. Finally i would like to say under this price tag you won't get another mobile with these features and the thing is,comparing it with Asus ZenPhone 5 and Moto G itself says that it got a standard and you should spend few more money for them,so what do you say Amigos??? Last but not Least if you start comparing,you will be comparing but you never buy a mobile.The point is the moment you buy,a new mobile will appear in the new market.So stick to one and start enjoying it. Thanks for your time and patience. Regards, A Nokia Lumia 525 User.
Review will be in 3 parts. Product: Nice phone. No complains and found no issues worth reporting. Good balance of features. This was perhaps the last design by Nokia before Microsoft took over, hence, has the Nokia charm sans Microsoft trash. I, myself, use Lumia 630 SS. I can tell you it is simply a trash. Thinking everyday to get it replaced with a buyback / exchange offer. Flirpkart - The market place: Please shape up your delivery systems. It was one thing that used to wow people and now it is failing. This is my second purchase for which I had to keep following up. Flipkart - The seller community: WS Retail is good & a performaer. Flipkart you are introducing new sellers everyday. Request you to put a quality benchmark for these new entrants. To everyone, if possible avoid Seller: Greatdeals. Not reliable. To Flipkart, if possible please impose restrictions and sanctions on Seller: Greatdeals.
I have been using this mobile since launched. I purchased at Rs.10,500/-. Iam using as my official phone and it is really good one to use. Its 1GB RAM is very good and there is no lag. I have never faced any software/ hardware issue till this time. But it doesn't have a front camera. and battery size is small (lasts for a day). It has a 8GB inbuilt memory (can be 16GB) Otherwise, it is fun to use in Win 8 OS.
Awesome phone!!!!!! For all customers looking for a decent and fabulous phone within 10K, lumia 525 is here. Trust me, you will have a memorable journey with this phone. I havent found any cons about this product yet. Nokia has always been a maestro in mobile world and still showing its class. Got the 8.1 update just a few weeks ago, smooth update and has become more of a delight. Dont know why people are soo obsessed with androids while windows can offer such performance in such a price. And trust me, there are not many phones which can give such smooth touch experience like nokia.. enjoying it :) A tip for all smartphone lovers: Windows phone doesnot need at least 1GB RAM to give smooth experience..512MB RAMis enough for windows(This does have 1GB though but i have use 520 and 530..soo telling this) And for flipkart, awesome as always..got the product delivered around 1 week ago from the expected delivery date..keep it up guysss
A update of the lumia 520...Lumia 525 has all the same features of 520 except of a better 1 gb ram Pros - > with the 1 gb ram many high end games run smoothly without hanging > more apps to download from the app store . > great camera experience with the Nokia camera app > better to android in comparision of performance ..(Andriod still rules in better and more Apps) Cons- > low battery life(better then the Lumia 520) > less Apps (Many good apps are priced rather than free) > No flash (would have been the best deal if it had one ) Overall a good product for its price ... the best bet if you want to try a Windows Phone) BETTER in performance as compared to other phones of this range
a mobile with maximum apps & benefits in minimum budgets. A truly Mobile which have value for your price.
software and all is good .. but only thing is we dnt hav a front cam and flash when, even rs.6000 phone having this feautrs
the best smartphone at this range.. with 1 GB RAM it makes the mobile work smoothly, nice battery life more than 24hr. 8gb intrnl memry. camera quite good. overall a winner..
Battery is not working. phone is not getting charged. The product delivered was in open condition, the nokia limia 525 sealed was opened before delivery.
This is an awesome product made by Microsoft with Nokia... Though there's an issue of Battery backup!! Its less than other Nokia smart phones but still, gives me more backup than some of the android phones... The battery backup is poor with respect to other higher budget Nokia mobiles, not all... However, I'm just fascinated with the Camera quality... Microsoft could have added some basic features like recording calls and an official app for Audio recording!! But its OK... The developers also needs time, and you should understand that... Its not that easy to develop an application and release it to market just at your command... And also note that Windows Phone is quite new to market,, where Android is around 5 years older than WP... However,, the front camera & flash is absent due to low budget,, but its pathetic when you can see the slot for front camera in light shade... However,,, about the gaming... well,, I haven't installed any... 'cause, 8GB seems to be very low as the OS and all apps with their app data are all kept in the Phone Storage!!! Anyways,,, if anyone asks for an budget smart phone,, being an IT tech,, I'll recommend Lumia 520/525...
After using my Android phone for nearly 2 years I have decided to try with WindowsPhone, Finally bought Lumia 525 and after using it for 4 months, here is my brief review Few things I noticed at my first look The Style/Design and Tile features has amused me a lot, although the inside phone is not so user friendly, you can always have a Tile you wanted on the Homepage, There will be only two columns in the Windows Phone, First one is with all Tiles which is your home page and second is the list of apps you have downloaded. Once you Login with a Hotmail account you cannot delete it and add another account, the only option is to reset the phone While pressing the search key, windows key or back key the phone vibrates which is irritating at times Out of 8 GB internal memory, almost 3 GB has eaten by OS, waiting for 8.1 update which gives provision to move apps to SD card No option to clear the RAM explicitly, forums suggests that OS takes care of itself, however i figured out a way, you can kill the tasks by long pressing the back button it will open the list of open tasks, you can close them one by one Panel is IPS LCD, could be delicate and fragile if handles in an inappropriate manner To switch on the Data connection or WiFi, you need to navigate through the settings and turn them on/off, Windows 8.1 update mentioned to have an Action center/Notification area, that should solve the problem Many complain about the FM radio, we can configure FM radio in Lumia 520/525, just go to Music and Videos, click on Radio and tune in The problem with FM radio is tuning, its very hard to tune in for particular station, also the Radio signal is bad Few Cons - The call+SMS filter which was supposed to block calls and SMS’s from specific numbers is not working. Windows store don’t have many Apps compared to iOS and Android, they are in initial stage, expecting that App dev community will increase in coming days and we get the apps The look and feel of the Windows Store in not user friendly, not good to check the reviews for your devices like in google play, but i am an optimist There is no option to select a particular letter, the complete word will be selected which is sometimes irritating, For example if you want to type Flipkart.com and by mistake if you type an extra t, to remove that t you cannot place the cursor at t, you need to select the complete word and retype it. - sometimes the Phone hangs, Yes its true, when you are loaded with applications, suddenly if someone calls you, the phone will hang and the touch is not responsive(in such cases i would suggest someone to press the powerkey once). Finally I would like to say its the best phone if you are tired of using Android and need a change, with 1 GB RAM its the best cheap budget phone in Windows Many people are complaining about no front camera and no Flash(but you guys must have read the specs before buying, I am prepared for it, so I bought it) and no Front camera (the specs clearly mentions that), with the launch of Lumia 630, 525 may be history, considering the indian market where people prefer dual sim phones, but if you dont need a dual sim , go for it ! What I mean to say is The journey has just Begun for Nokia and Windows Phones, I am sure it will be developed in coming days and eat the market of Samsung and Android Phones, this doesn’t mean that Android will vanish, but Windows will have its place. Again its all dependent on their 8.1 update which the market is expecting in August 1st week.
I didnt face any problem yet in this phone i used to play music play games all d time but battry backup is very good i can used it for whole day continuously for 18 hrs its a good phone its processor is also vry good
The seller has done justice to the product. The packing was proper and I liked this product very much.
lumia 525 is far supr than 520...first of all thanks to flipkart and ws retail for delivery before one day...quality is supr..im thankng guys who wrote their reviews abt lumia 525...i decide to buy lumia 525 under readng maximum reviews.....im working lumia for past 3 days,,processng speed is awesome...camera is suprrr...it is easy to use..i thing windows is better than android....i think if u had idea to buy a smart phne ur bettr choice will be lumia 525...its amazng to have a good phone in cheap rate...dnt be miss lumia world....thk u,,,,
i have been using this phone from almost a month now . i think its truly amazing , its fluid , its fast and very user friendly . its got 1 gb ram and a 1 ghz snapdragon processor which doesnt sound like its enough relative to the mobiles coming now but believe me no matter how many apps u put it will never slow down . although windows 8 has some slight bugs the windows 8.1 solves them all and also comes with a notification panel. i have updated my phone to 8.1(preview for devlopers) pros- * very sensitive touch (better than apple) *nokia apps are amazing (ex- mix radio) *microsoft office is cool *xbox features are exclusive *system UI is good *very fast cons- cant delete multiple contacts on phone no flash no secondary camera not as many apps as android but all famous apps are there bad battery life (12-13 hrs) no gorilla glass its a great phone for its price and gives micromax and karbonn a run for its money !!
It is an amazing phone, Worth for money. Good computing speed. Display clarity is too good. Only -ve is it doesn't have a front camera.
It hangs for me for 5 times when i use hotspot.Other than that phone is blazing spped.Main disadvantage is that it does not have a glance screen...
The phone is pretty good. Good deal for money. Specification too satisfactory. Also flipkart service too was good.
I have to admit that i was isolated from the smartphone era until recently as i was having micromax x600 from past 3 years. Many told me to go with android, but i was liking the windows 8 ui and the big brand factor of nokia and microsoft. I chose this over moto g as moto g appeard to me just another phone in the crowd, although its features were luring me. Im totally loving it and would loved it more if it had front camera.
Nokia always gave good reliable products. Lumia is one of its best.The camera is decent , I took a pic and zoomed it and it was still clear. The phone responds really well. It is really fast. Whatsapp works little different here, but it is nice, Game ... well its fun to play over here . The phones response is lightning fast
phone is good but it is cheaper in the showrooms then here in flipkart. I wish WS retailer to deduce its price. phone gives me an awesome experience of windows. loved all the nokia apps
Amazing gaming graphics Experiance, great battery backup, well design amoled Display to feel, love one....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... ;-)
One of the best hardware configuration with the touch of Nokia Microsoft, makes this phone more beautiful and loving which you can't resist.
This is the best smartphone at this price.1 Ghz Dual Core processor and 1 GB RAM coupled with Adreno 305 GPU can play high end games without any issues.The camera too is excellent and pictures taken in low lighting are also quite good.Just wished it had an LED flash.I am also using the Windows Phone 8.1 Preview and there are no issues with the phone.Overall a good buy.
Very good phone for its price and its is completely clean, clear, repairable and simple design. Microsoft needs for focus on a better file system and Nokia needs to focus on its specifications, 16 or 8 GB isn't enough for day to day life. I prefer to have more internal memory.
Awesome phone.super camera quality.battery backup is also good.light weight it fells like you are carrying feathers with you.
Is a nice phone, Looks 4/5 Call clarity 5/5 Battery Back up 4/5 user friendly 4/5 Apps 4/5 Over all 4/5
Very Good mobile for below Rs.10000. Good Quality, Good Speed and Good Display. Has more storage, Good maps. Very happy to have bought this Mobile.
Packaging was awesome by flipkart.Flipkart is the best online purchasing store. This phone should be priced above 11000.But at this price with the win 8.1 coming this summer this is worth every penny we pay for.
worthy mobile.features are good 4 sensors are available windows 8 version is good 1 gb ram is sufficient good gaming experience
a good product to buy under 10k if user like windows interface then it is just fabulaus budget phone .. i recommend this to microsoft fans
I am using android for long time and now windows. I feel windows is much better than android. Stable, fast and smooth.
The best budget lumia phone and a superb windows entry level phone. Just waiting for Windows Phone 8.1 to release. I bought this cause the new windows is laggy on phones with 512mb RAM. Best buy recommended product!!!
Best at the price offered. Packing was good and it was timely. Processor is extremely fast and the phone is easy to handle. Nokia's back with a bang.
Value for money. Battery life is awesome. really a smart phone. some features are better than my iPhone 5, like transferring contacts from my old phone.
It is the best low budget smartphone you can ever get from a premium smartphone from branded company. For all who cribs for paying 2000 for extra 512mb ram. The answer is It is brand new just released phone. When 520 gor released it was around 10,000 and you are comparing the price of new 525 with old 520.
This mobile is a value for money product. i purchased it for ₹9499.00 a couple of weeks ago. Yes it is true that windows phone 8 lacks some features . which are believed ng offered in android. But the fact is that it is much more secure than android os as it is not vulnerable to virus. Secondly it has all the basic apps which are required be it any game or software. one backlog of this phone is its battery life. It could have been much better than it is now. I would refer this phone to everyone who's budget is ₹10000.00
Awesome Phone. Any adjective beyond that is applicable as well. I bought this phone from a local retailer. However, amazing for this price. I would love to see WP's flourish more. If you are planning to buy a phone below 10k, this is the one, no doubt. Enjoy ! :)
good phone .. doesnt lag and can play power packed games like fifa 14 nfs heat n.o.v.a smoothly widou any glitch
With 9K INR this will be one of the best specs you can get from a renowned company like Nokia. I like some Lumia features like different camera lens apps, Office, double tap to turn on. Graphics are pretty fast with very less lags. Performance wise, this phone is better than many other Android phones with same specs. But the phone still lags in many Areas like there is no Flash, no Front Cam. One can understand that Nokia not included these because of cost effect. But a feature like Flash is very basic in India where you can find this option in every basic feature phones. Even audio drivers are not upto Nokia standards and produce very poor output. There are enormous bugs in Windows phone 8. I hope Microsoft address most of them in 8.1. BTW, Flipkart service is Okay in delivering the product.
I had recieved it from flipkart which is the best online store.i had made my phone to fall from 4 feet like 4 times and 1 time in a marshy area but the best service and the quality with which its made it work without any malice or problem satisfied and suprised
the extra 512MB do make a difference . plus Proximity Sensor and Orientation Sensor bluetooth v4 and Integrated Hands-free Speakers (plus a lot other software upgrades)
Windows Phone 8 is one of the most under-rated platform I'd say. I'm a pro-android user and I've owned top of the line android phones since late 2009. I ordered this phone for my wife, and I'm really amazed by the build quality Nokia has given to the entry level device. Camera perfoms good to my eyes. It has to as its NOKIA. Performance is also snappy. and things simply works. :)
this phone is the best for a 10k budget..... PROS 1. great screen 2. no lags 3. many high end games run perfect...... CONS 1. front camera missing 2. no flash ps- do look out for the windows phone 8.1 update.... with the new action center lumia will be on fire..........
got a quick mood to book that mobile in a short span of time, obviously got it in three days of time.
it has no front camera, and no auto on off system that not good for this price but otherwise it is a good phone i think.i m upset with this two functions...
Phone is good but windows phone is worst. It support almost nothing. It is good for Microsoft services only.
Product Delivered Shortly and I couldn't find any Defects in it. Cheap Prize and Trustworthy Seller !
best new launched lumia 525 with newest updates and upgraded version of lumia 520. But in the display performance it is little poor
Good Phone, Decent Camera, Good Music quality, Good Gaming Phone, All and all it is worth your money I like IT
I put this in my wishlist and have been following notifications i have been getting. finally i got a deal for rs 9399. i have already seen my friends using 520 and wasn't hesitant to buy this soon. one week into its use i am all impressed. it's facsimile to 520 in looks apart to glossy back cover. i have never used the bing search button and i dnt think i will ever press that button and it's sad they don't give us an option to disable/customize it. i find it like imposing. the absence of secondary camera and flash is a let down. i am happy with the processor speed, ram etc for the price i paid. now let's talk about os. windows os has a lot to grow. we are used to seeing a cool desktop once we swipe open the lockscreen of a smartphone. we dont have it here. the free lockscreen apps are all crap. no easy way to toggle (i am used to such tweaks in my jailbroken i devices). we can't seek videos or music. no volume control in the stock player(rely on the side vol buttons). we only have alarms and need to download separate apps for stopwatch and other likes. there are too many apps in the store but not too many for good utilities. however, the nokia smart camera, panorama, creative studio...they are all damn good. the flip to silence option, here maps (they work offline), the live tiles and windows GUI are really good. but when compared to android or iOS...windows 8 phone os (525 runs on lumia black) needs to grow up a lot...else independent developers need to come up with cool apps and tweaks and make them available. ws retail has been slashing its price between tuesdays and thursdays...and go higher again on weekends... this is what i observed the week before and the 1 after i bought it
great!i bought this phone for Rs.9399 on flipkart! Simply awesome!!1)quick reboot 2)highly sensitive touch(no need to tuch actually) 3)great operating speed never lagging,even if running heavy apps 4)camera enhances with Nokia Camera app.great focusing 5)offline here maps and drive are greattt 6)battery backup average
I Bought this phone thinking it will be a good phone as i was a good fan of nokia spending like almost 80 to 100k on nokia high end smart phones in the E90 days. Guessing if not for anything battery will be good i bought this phone and what i get as an experience is super duper bad battery backup. I have to charge the battery almost 2 times in a single day for the past 3 days of ownership, where in the usage has been only on calls hardly for 2 hrs in a day and whats app messages in group chats... im utterly disappointed on the battery backup. I Give a rating of 'O' for the battery back.... one good think i notices about the phone is its Nokia Smart camera which is really good.
Bought this phone at flipkart for RS.10199.. price little high from nokia showroom,but very good phone.. excellent performance.. smartphone lovers can buy this phone.. Outstanding Windows Phone.... + gameloft games also free (if you buy in flipkart, you have to open nokia account) then the games will be free.. Thank you nokia for giving an oustanding windows phone.. Iam loving it..
this is best thing that u will have amazing speed during surfing downloading playing amazing touch and its compact and adjustable in your pocket man........................
i bought this phone the next day of it's launch. The phone is faster than imagined. The additional 2k is worth it. The store needs better app though and the fact that it doesn't have whatsapp inbuilt is a little bit of a let down, but the phone proves to be worth being in the 10k segment.
nice phone..... phone responds properly even if i play subway surfers.... nice phone to buy, i bought it for 10300 in universal, with a portable charger as a free gift which includes the insurance........ but the OS is new to understand. Applications are very less.......
This phone is the most fast windows budget phone out in the market. Lumia 520 is available for approx. 8k but if u pay 2k extra you will get this and the difference in this lumia 525 is that it has 1gb ram and it has nokia's latest lumia black o/s which very few windows phone have like 1520 and 1320. In my opinion go for it, I saved my pocket money to buy this phone...:)
this product is amazing i still waiting for few months ago and now it come , so i definetly choose this product its nice product under than 11k and with 1gb RAM so its cool.... nokia is nokia...
