MOBDN48ZPEKXHMCY
Iam really proud to write this review as iam a first reviewer of A800 in flipkart. I bought this phone from a very big retailer in chennai, purchased in the month of Feb 2013. Pros: 1)4.5" Display & 218 PPi (gud deal at this price range) 2)Long battery life (1.5days on an average) 3)5MP cam with auto focus(pics are really good) 4)1.2 Dual core processor (many 20k range phones have been using the same processor) 5)HD video recording & play back (720p not 1080p) Cons: 1) 512 MB RAM (not sufficient for multi-tasking)though it is pretty good at this price range. 2) No front camera (Who cares ...) 3) Hanging sometimes(may be a software issue, cant blame Lenovo) Overall verdict is, anyone who seeks for a phone around 10k budget can go for this, but a heavy gamers and front camera lovers stay away...
I am pretty much satisfied with the phone so far, Very surprised to see the price has gone up :D (lucky me!) it was only yesterday that i bought it for 9k.. Overall I would like give a good rating ,, say 3.5/5 :) :) :) but these are some of the things that I did'nt like abt this phone 1. First thing I noticed out of the box is the non-premium accessories and it really put me off :( .. the earphones and charger are of low quality. 2. Cheap plastic used for the back panel .. :( its very poor quality and I neva expected this from Lenovo. If you could live with that, then its really worth the money. Lenovo has made some cool customizations on its UI, performance and battery life all seem to be quite fine. For the money Its not a bad choice at all ... :) :) :)
I was looking for budget phone under 8k. So looking into the specification I choose Lenovo A800. And I am not at all dissapointed. This phone comes with dual core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A9 processor, which is pretty fast. The Power VR SGX531 also not a bad edition. You might be thinking 512 MB RAM is not adequate for a 4.5'' smartphone. But believe me this phone performs very well. # Display & Response Display of this phone is very good. At this price you are getting an IPS display with 218ppi ! Brightness is too good. One third of the total brightness is good enough for me. Touch response is also very good as well. Lenovo provides a beautiful UI which makes the device a very good look. # Performance I love playing games on my device. So to me "performance" is how well a game runs in a device. Games like Temple Run Oz, Fruit Ninja, Asphalt 7, Riptide GP2 etc runs with no lag. But don't expect too heavy game will also run seamlessly in this device. Multitasking is OK. Nevertheless, having a rich UI it doesn't suffer lag. That is the main thing! # Camera Day light photography is good. Photo at night is not so good. You will miss a LED flash and font camera. But also think about it's price. This 5 Mega Pixel camera also got feature like Geo tagging, touch focus and HDR! # Battery 2000 mAh power support makes the phone more enjoyable. If your smartphone doesn't provide enough battery backup, it become a useless thing. And this device got plenty of juice in it's belly! Overall, I'm really very satisfied with this phone. The only drawback of this phone I think it's Os(ICS). But it also got a very beautiful UI to suppress this issue. For a price under 7k it's really a very good one!
Hello PROS:- This model is basically for normal user and not for heavy gamers. all the games like subway surfer,fruit ninja,temple run 2 etc..run fine on this model..and no lags or hanging. its battery backup is very impressive ..it gives about 3 days of standby time and about one half day of efficient usage including (games for 1-2 hour and net surfing) it has good looks and backcover is also good ,,easy to handle and comes within your palm. CONS:- Its RAM is low(512 MB) which is a negative issue of this phone.. Most of the RAM is used by the interface itself i.e. IDEA Desktop. Camera quality is not good ,,so dnt buy if u like to click countless photographs in day and night and also does not have flash which is depressing.
A 800 is a best phone in this price category. Although if we compare branded products with lenovo A 800 we find it interesting and value for money phone. Phone's battery, processor, memory, camera & sound are wonderful and its back cover also provide grip to the user when playing games etc. i have recently buy this phone and pretty much happy with the performance. thank you lenovo for making such a beautiful device.
never hangs if you change the default write disk option is set to sd card....other than the default at my xperience :)n its nt hang...it wil take 1-2 seconds to show the icons....rarely...n games like gta vice city,gangstar vegas,nasphalt 7,dead trigger all the heavy graphics games work great...:)
Phone Hangs a Lot and I mean not in playing games or anything. In general use too like Messaging, Watsapp, Dialing etc. Bad Battery Backup. If your Data Connection is always on Like my and you expect atleast 10 calls in a day. Then you have to charge it twice a day Battery Overheat If you play game about an hour or listen to music etc. Battery Get Overheats and it stops working. In this range it is worst product I have ever seen. I have also purchased Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114, and it was far more better in fact great product in this range
I ordered lenovo A800 because of great features at low price and I love brand lenovo and its quality products. I am using lenovo laptop for 3 years which is working smoothly. -Best low budget mobile for 6.8k -Branded lenovo(trusted) -Dont be confused by people saying that it is a chaina model(I saw in one review), lenovo given its best at this range(Most of the branded mobiles are manufactured in china) Phone full review -Large 4.5" screen, touch sensitive-Best use for gaming. -1.2Ghz processor with graphics – better than many of low budget smart phones. -No front cam - Not a problem(who is going for video call...!) -5 MP front cam. Works fine during day light. No flash - Not needed(who is going to use mobile for photo shots...!) -512mb RAM - less RAM, because of this phone hangs when running multiple big apps in background. -4Gb memory - can be used for installing apps. -2000 m ah battery, gives good battery backup. -Back cover gives extra grip to hold phone. Problems -No compass sensor. -Power on button at top. -Quality of earphone material is bad but sound quality is good. Go for it if you want to enjoy best features of smart phone below price of 7k. Flipkart delivery is superb and fast.
A800 is really worth for money. i am happy with specification. 5GB RAM is somewhat less buts its ok for money paid
This product is good but feedbacks are misleading. The battery performance is much lower than what is shown. It seldom runs for 12 hours once internet is on. Graphics is good. I advice others not to go for this if you want to play game on it as the RAM is very low.
I have bought this phone from another online retailer (not Flipkart) on March 2013. I had experienced network connectivity issues. after getting Dead on Arrival certificate for this erroneous product, I have shipped the phone along with the necessary documents for replacement to the vendor. It has been a month since I shipped this phone. I am waiting since then to get the replacement back. Don't expect warranty or any after sales service to be done for this phone by the authorized service center. If you come to have such issues, then gently throw away and look to buy a new mobile.
Battery backup is very good, sometimes last up to 2 days with internet connected all the time - about 10 emails a day (read/write/reply together) and about 30 to 45 mins of calling/day, about 1 hour average on a messenger / day. CONS: Low Ram - it struggles to handle multi tasking. Froze a few times but most of the time, comes back alive if let alone. The power button's response has reduced over the months. I miss the lights that denote missed call, message, etc - using NoLED app to have this. Low quality headphones. If you will listen music, you have to buy good quality headphones. Charger also looks cheap compared to by other HTC.
Of all the lenovo phones in this price range i have seen, this seems not to have any complaints and good features. Check for service centers for this company and go for it. 512mb RAM is okay for a phone in this price range from a company like lenovo, if you are dont use many apps.
I am using this phone. looks and display size is ok.slim, comfortability for carrying is good. ram is not enough only 512 mb.some times it hangs. 5MPcamera is ok with daylight.in night poor.compare with TFT Screen IPS is good this phone is having.battery back up2000Mah good compare with other in this price group. around 7k to 7.5k this phone is worthable.
Only positives for this phone is the screen size and the dual core processor, rest of the features are just average. Over all the phone is not worth more than 6-7k. There are a lot of options available in the same price range.
