MOBDE2T6VMMTR8FH
Great value for money- Nokia Asha 305. Phone looks very good, build quality is good and curvy design. The phone has resistive touch screen, but believe it or not it works like almost capcitive, I mean smooth touch!!! Comes with 40 free EA games and all the app and game icons can be accessed from the menu itself!It has no menu inside a menu. It has innovative swipe interface. You need to swipe from the edge of the screen you can goto 3 screens! 1.App screen 2.Dialer screen(This can be changes to music or radio also). 3.Shortcut screen, where you can add all your favourite apps, you can also add contacts for fast access. You can customise like this by long holding on any of these three screens! The operating system is S40, it is very smooth unlike all other Nokia phones. You get even a dropdown bar, you need to swipe again from top edge of the screen to pull this dropdown menu, you can access music player, call, sms, mobile data on/off, bluetooth on/off, silent on/off. It also has dual sim with dual standby for convenience. Overall Nokia has come with innovative price worthy phone!
1st - Its a dual sim stand by phone not dual active one 2nd - Touch Response is really good 3rd - Good UI 4th - Music is loud and clear + when i was tapping i just tapped like capacitive phone and it responded well. 5TH - Camera is not that good , Ok . 4 star only due to less internal memory = 10mb Overall A Good Phone
I bought it from flipkart from my friends account. Flipkart service is awesome. This phone's tagline should be the New Radicals song "You Get What You Give" ;P Pros: Looks Build quality 3.5 mm headfone jack OK OK touch is fluid but not as good as the androids. Trying to touch the small icons feels like king kong trying to touch Naomi Watts!! OS Cons Loudspeaker. There is every chance that you may never notice that the alarm is ringing. Music in loudspeaker is very shrill. Camera Headphone output not good enough All in all a good buy.
A great mobile by Nokia.. Dual Sim + Touch Screen + 32GB expandable + under Rs5000... Great mobile. Only thing I don't like is it has LCD screen & Resistive Touch.. However, those who want to enjoy dual sim touch screen mobile can buy this one without any doubt. Nokia is back friends.. Just wait & watch.
This phone has many features that impressed me .They are 1)It's pretty handy and gripped in the hand. 2)The touchscreen in mediocre but sometimes it's pretty good as capacitive. 3)The side buttons are apt for it's usage. 4)Connectivity and profile management is also made easy on this gadget. 5) Favorite apps and even contacts can be added to the special favorite page. 6)And +2500 Rs worth EA games free. And what made me this it's kinda dull are : 1)Most of the Nokia apps are not supported even Angry Birds.Supported versions need to be released.We've to wait for 'em. 2)The phone becomes pretty lagging and slow if we put a whole lot of apps and music even though in the memory card..Also kinda lagging when the 2nd SIM inserted. 3)On the Camera . Picture is not taken at the very instant when we click the capture button on screen..Only after 2 to 3 seconds the picture is taken So we've to keep the phone steady until we get the photograph. There is no side button for capturing so when we tend to click on the screen which is indeed resistive there is a high probability to get a blur. The picture quality is great for a 2 MP camera. ---------------------------------------------------------------- BUT OVERALL IT'S A BUDGET TOUCH PHONE FORM THE ASHA SERIES OF NOKIA THAT IT WOULD BE A GREAT GADGET TO HAVE WITH.
Nokia Asha 305 is the best phone available in the market below 5000. I tell this because I am a gadget reviewer and i use many kind of mobiles and already evaluated Asha 305. When i read the reviews of this phone in Flipkart, I saw many misunderstanding of people about this phone. I am just pointing out some of them below. 1. So many people consider Asha 305 as a smartphone. Actually, it's wrong. It's just a feature phone. A phone is considered to be smart only when if it's Operating system is smart. Nokia Asha 305 has the S40 OS which is, just a basic Java Operating system. Nokia express it as a smartphone in advertisements. But they are just making it to be attractive. Also understand that, all full touch screen phones are not smart. 2. I saw a person complaining that Asha 305 has not enlarge function on photos. He's mistaken. Nokia Asha 305 has the 'multitouch' technology and provides 'pinch-to-zoom' function which is only available at costly phones. 3. Some people don't like Asha 305 because they think the touch screen is not responding. It is actually because of the resistive three layer screen of Asha 305. Few people who where using Samsung touch phones will think this as a big problem but it isn't nothing to care. Because when you get experienced, you will find that the resistive screen of Asha 305 is better than any other touch screen phones in the market below 7000.
hey guys this nokia cell is awesome...loaded with many apps. If you have to buy a cell phone with in the range of Rs.3500-Rs.5000...you should really go for this one...this mobile is superb.Its qualities:- 1)Looks are nice 2)touch is good 3)sound quality is good 4)3-inch LCD screen is awesome 5)many application 6)camera is also nice,2 megapixel * If your are confused between this mobile or a samsung mobile of this range then you should buy this NOKIA ASHA 305!!!
hello.... i went to suggest every one don't buy this mobile( Asha 305 ) , in this price renege you can buy .... another phone..... i personally use it .... Low phone memory, Slow/hung issue ..... nd many more..... I have buy this phone on filpkart.com, only 4 month old.... huge problem face me, Nokia care not accepted.... to service my phone..... :( i will sale it.... Very low Rate ...... So , If you Love your money this Don't buy it.
Mine got damaged within 2 weeks.(touchscreen damaged,phone hangs) The worst resistive touch ever! We have to practically squeeze the phone to make it work. Whatsapp isnt supported. Can't zoom on photos in memory card or phone THIS PHONE HANGS!! Believe me this hanging problem isnt confined to me alone,lot of my friends have reported this same problem.
Before righting the review i would like to mention that I am a gadget lover and used more then 15 different kind of smartphones, multimedia and normal phones. I am using this phone for the last 10 days. I have bought it from retail store and paid a little less which is mentioned in Flipkart. Now coming to the Pros and Cons of the phone. Pros: 1. Bigger touch screen in this price range. 2. Good touch screen. Yea, a little hard to navigate but can be compromised with what you pay. 3. Notification pop up Screen which is quite similar as in Andriod System. 4. You can enable or disable data packet, blue touth, ring tone profiles, play music, write SMS from notification screeen. 5. Dual SIM. 6. From SIM Manager you can select which SIM will do what like which SIM will be used for SMS, which one will be used for Data and Call. You can select it from home screen app or by dragging down the notification window and taping the SIM Tower in the above of the window (This feature can only be used when you have both the SIM inserted in the phone otherwise disabled). 7. Applications you install will be automatically added in the home screen as a shortcut instead of going into a folder something like Java or Games. 8. One external and one internal SIM Slot. Internal slot can be used for your primary SIM and external for an extra SIM which you can easily remove without removing your battery. Cons: 1. Less or no internal memory. Actually this phone has 25 MB internal memory but when you buy this phone you will get 3.2 MB internal memory free. So, when you will access all the things for two three days after purchase like facebook, mail, internet, SMS, update your phonebook you will get 1 MB or less memory free. Now the prob is it will slow down your phone some time hang up the phone, mail will not load and many more. I have read a solution for this which I will tell in the end of this review. 2. So many apps are loaded in the phone memory. From my point of view most of them are useless and the worst part is that you can't delete it from your phone they behave like system apps. 3. When you click a phone number in the call log to see the details of the call it will directly dial the number. 4. Three home Screen (tried to match android system) which can't be deleted and two of them are useless of course in my point of view. 5. Nokia Store is a most worst store i have ever visited no good application to download, search function is worst you need to type exact name of the application which is most worst, very less applications, less categories to choose from. 6. Annoying tips pop up. (can be disabled but installed in the phone memory can't be deleted) 7. External SIM (I have used BSNL SIM) signal strength is much less than internal. 8. Google Map is far far better then Nokia Map in terms of overall features. Overall I can say a good buy....now its your choice. For the solution part copy and paste this link to your browser without the "". The link is here: " http://www.techmesto.com/access-delete-demo-interal-files-of-nokia-asha/ "
May be worth the price but definitely not worth of the features. Though it is a dual sim, sometimes one sim completes loses the signal when talking or using data on the other. Pros Cheap Battery backup Hardware Cons Touch Camera Doesn't support apps even like Whatsapp Hangs a lot Sound is too shrill Overall if your budget is low, go for it.
Nokia Asha 305 definitely have worst touch screen Phone in Market, If you are looking for touchscreen Phone below 5000, from my onion don't buy Asha 305, as its worst than cheap chinese phone of Rs. 2000 from Karboon, Mircomax, Maxx.....So a Big AVOID to his phone.
I purchased this mobile in Nov 2012. There was very good offer of Yatra with this, so if I count the benefits with that offer the mobile cost me around 2500 only which is good. Else this mobile is not worth of Rs 4500. Style and looks are impressive. But even in simple basic functions it doesn't offer good features. Even copy paste feature in sms writing is not there. I guess it doesnt have any clipboard at all. Sms are seen as conversation, you can't make separate folders for managing sms, even drafts and sent items all are seen in the same place. Sending business card is another headache. You can't send via bluetooth or simple sms (text) it becomes mms as soon as you try to send business card. voice quality and battery life are good. Music is good. Good buy only at range of 3000 and if you don't care much about managing sms.
some of the bad features which i encountered within 1 day from purchase: 1. number will be automatically be dialled if you'll touch on CALL LOG. 2. you have to manually enter the conatct number i.e. you can't add it from call log directly. 3. colours are very bad only 65 K (if you don't use multimedia then okk otherwise not good) 4. home screen is pure black ; cmon why ??? 5. cant have any menu button or key, pretty bad to handle. 6. camera is worst and a lot more bad features. good Features: volume is high so ultimately " A bad deal".
phone can not play any format except low quality 3gp & mp4 phone camera is also good phone not supported you tube vidio................................................................................................................................................................................................................baddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
this phone is a crap guys im a big fan of nokia but this phone dissapointed me very much first of all about the internet the browser need to be updated and social app doesnt have facebook now it is saying service unavailable it has just fb for every mobile and ovi store need s to be updated too that meens ea games gift is useless i suggest DONT buy this phone hope this helped
A few days back when I was hunting for a smartphone, I was faced with a similar conundrum that many other users might have faced. Whether to go for Windows smartphone or not; I was totally confused. But, Nokia came to my rescue with their Asha 305 smartphone. Putting aside all the debate about these warring operating systems, it integrates the Symbian S-40 mobile OS. After glancing through the phones features and reading up reviews on the web, I got myself one and boy; have I been surprised! This little beast almost does it all. Its dual SIM functionality is perfect for maintaining two separate phone numbers, while also allowing me to swap SIM cards without switching off the phone. The S-40 interface combines with the 3-inch WQVGA resistive touchscreen to provide slick and smooth navigation. There’s a whole variety of apps available for my Nokia Asha 305 on the Nokia Store. Even the ones embedded in this phone are pretty useful, such as the calendar for remembering important dates and events, maps for finding my destinations with near 100% accuracy and email support for managing my communication. My phone intelligently prompts me on which SIM I want to use, whenever I send an SMS or MMS. Videos look cool on the 3-inch touchscreen, while the audio is played back with high clarity over the bundled headphones, as well as on the mono loudspeaker. The 2 MP camera is ideally suited to my habit of randomly clicking snaps and self-portraits. I even go ahead and record videos on this camera. A smartphone would be of trivial use if one does not subscribe to data or mobile Internet plans. So have I, and am pleasantly surprised to see my Nokia Asha 305 come true on its claims of reducing my data usage, while still providing me awesomely fast web browsing speeds. Bundled along with this phone are 40 free premium EA games titles that are a treat for a gamer like me. With the integrated motion sensors in this phone, I can pinch, swipe and tap to control in-game characters and elements, and enjoy hours of endless fun. While the internal memory of the Nokia Asha 305 might seem paltry, there’s a convenient option of expanding storage via a microSD card. I popped in a 16 GB card and voila! My phone was ready to hold my music collection as well as work-related data. Keeping in touch with friends and office colleagues is easy, as Yahoo messenger, Windows Live messenger and Google Talk app come integrated with this phone. I can use Bluetooth to easily transfer files to my friends. The battery life of my Asha 305 is very impressive for a touchscreen smartphone and lasts for the better part of 2 days. This means my days of running with a charger to find the closest charging point are over!
I was using Nokia phone from 2005, models 1600, 1100, C5 and I was comfortable with all those models. But this one is absolutely waste. Main issue is many time it is showing no coverage when it is showing signal strength 3-4. We need to restart or try 4-5 times to get connected. We won't able to install google map, since we can't accept the terms. One good thing is we can use the dual sim easy.
I didn't buy it from Flipkart but I am putting the review based on my usage of this phone: PROS: 1. Good and colorful display. Resistive touchscreen takes a bit used to but its good. Unlike capacitive touch it requires a bit of force to use touchscreen on this phone but like I said you will not feel any problem after 2 days of use. 2. Good looking phone. Has a premium look. 3. I SMS in landscape mode and I think its good. I send many SMSs hence got used to it in flat 2.5 hours. 4. Camera picture quality is good and camera is very laggy. Camera screen takes 3-4 seconds to come up and be ready to click pics. Takes 4 seconds to shoot after you have clicked and almost 8 seconds to process/save the photo. One hell of horrible experience, full of lags and jerks, seems like NOKIA was inspired by chinese phones. 5. Call quality is good. 6. Phone is fast and lag-free except while taking pictures and browsing photos. Lags a lot while browsing photos. 7. Fast 2G connectivity. Little bit disconnections happen here and there but not a big deal. Because of 4 and 6 I sold in within a week of buying it. Giving it 3 stars beacause in normal usage it is fast in responding + it has call quality and fast net speed
First of all, you cannot expect Samsung Galaxy S3 performance from a phone priced at Rs. 4580. Yet this phone offers exceedingly high value for your money. 1. Looks good, excellent battery backup and fast charging. 2. Active dual SIM support. The other SIM does not work ONLY when one SIM is busy. 3. Excellent touchscreen response. You touch what you want to touch, even for very small range. 4. Good camera quality; becomes mediocre in low light. 5. 32 MB of RAM can sometimes hang up the phone and it warm reboots itself if high memory-based apps are run. 6. Pre-installed apps are wonderful. 7. Excellent GPS and Accelerometer support for such priced-phone. 8. Great multimedia support; many formats supported and FM recording possible. 9. Good network support on both SIMs. 10. Unlimited songs download for free from Nokia Music Store for 2 months. 11. Great music quality with Equalizer not even in headphones (not the ones provided), but also in Loudspeaker. You can hear all the details it's not just loud sound. 12. Good resolution and videos look good when played (although no support for seeking videos). 13. Can play music, call, or send a text while running other apps. No extensive multitasking. 14. Recommended for this phone: a good headphone as the one provided spoils the fun, a game "Bugs" from the Nokia Store, a multimedia player, USB cable (if you need it, not provided), an internet connection; and you'll love this phone. So a good product having the Nokia tag. Go for it if you want a nice phone within a small budget.
The features it contain is Excellent at this price.Asissed GPS running very well,Net browsing is fairly good,2GB preloaded card(1.4GB preloaded) strong battery backup,and fairly good t/screen.With ausoom damm low price,this model may have the all such potential to become the new flagship model to the shrinking market share companing like NOKIA once the dominant company world over......So u may go ahead.. The best in the market at this price.....
The ad shown on TV it shows its runs the nfs the run like pc but not it mash up of trailers .mobile version sucks and 1ghz is no use until no useful ram.Might be good but not for hardcore gamers....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Nokia is known for its elegant handsets and also the price associated with it. But this phone, unlike others, gives you a different kind of feeling. The price is set reasonably at less than Rs.5000. The Nokia OS has got touch screen which acts smoothly enough compared to the Android OS. Dual-Sim feature works perfectly and the battery provides enough back-up even with both the sims being in use. The audio and video output is good enough, and the 2MP camera gives nice image quality. Overall, at this price, you cannot expect better and that too along with the guarantee of quality and performance from Nokia.
hi.today i bought this phone. touch not working properly. very wrost phone i have ever seen. please dont buy and waste your money. go for capacitive touch phones thanks
Never buy this phone guys. its a piece of crap. Never thought of Nokia making this kinda horrible phone. Touch doesnt work properly, switches itself off for no reason, hangs up after every 5 minutes but atleast Flipkart is helping to resolve this issue for me. will write another review about flipkart`s service once this issue is resolved.
It is a very nice model by Nokia??????it is sold in a very less price.very very thanks Nokia to launch this type of model.it is a touchsreen model in a less pricel.every one can buy this model because of its low cost.
Don't buy this phone, very bad touch experience. Response very sluggish. I never recommend this phone. Please save your money.
It's just a waste phone. After a few months use itself the phone will start showing the message that the phone memory is full, delete items. In my phone there is no apps or no extra installed apps or Games, but still it shows that the memory is full. There is no enough internal memory for this phone. Please dont buy this. You can only use this phone for very maximum 1 year. After that it will be a wastage, If you are buying this you are wasting your money. Instead of this phone you will get other brand's phone at the same price which will be excellent compared to this.This phone also gets hanged each & every second. Also you cant download the apps easily.Please don't buy it!!!!!!!!!
its been long since i am using it,n nokia as usual pays off with its faith.but since its not a smart phone u know better the limitations and the way it will be supporting apps.
Good product in this price scale.Tough adaptive screen is good.quality is perfect with respect to brand name.Recommended.
Nokia always symbolises quality and for this amount it really is a good handset, the touch-screen is not as good as the Lumia or other handset in the higher amount bracket. Rest features, ease of handling is very nice. Can certainly be a second handset for rough n tough use. Dual sim option is good.
Using it for 8 months and it is horrible experience with NOKIA.Every now and then it ask for releasing the memory due to low memory and when you try to delete something, nothing is available there. You need to format your phone every month(at max.). Don't buy it.
i think the product is damaged, it is always being switched off again and again i am not satisfied with your work felling sad and some times angry too
it is whatsapp support phone..but its touch screen is poor....we need to provide force on the screen....
Hi everyone! I would like to share my experience, thoughts or views (whatever you call it as) on this handset. Firstly I would like to thank FK for their excellent order to delivery service. Please be assured that you will get the product within the delivery date provided while placing the order. I have bought 3 products in FK, I have received all of them in advance. Now on the product: Certainly I bought this product after much research in our FK site,youtube,gsmarena and other gadgets sites.I would like to share few facts from my personal experience hence please do not change your buying decision based on these. It is just an additional info for you guys to help with your decision making a better and accurate one. 1) This mobile comes with a 2GB memory card but it is placed inside the mobile. Naturally we cannot blame Flipkart as it is nowhere mentioned even in NOKIA site. Indeed i bought a Sandisk memory card but it’s of no use now. However you can use other high capacity memory cards but you can’t play games which comes preloaded in it as they are stored in the memory card which is provided by NOKIA. Decision is yours.... 2) We all buy this product knowing that it has resistive tuch screen and hence i am not sure why some users brood on it. Though it is resistive, it is good & I am sure u will get used to it as u use it. Please note that the price tag is 4580 and this is the best what u can get on this budget. 3) This is for Wats app users (like me). This handset does not support the currently available wats app application but when i googled i came across an article saying that there will be a version soon available in Ovi store for this set. Having said that, you still can chat via Yahoo,gmail,MSN..so if you are not an Wats app dependent, you don’t have to worry. Personally i am disappointed on this because it bought this assuming that it supports wats app. 4) No data cable comes with this handset. Just for info.. 5) Messages are stored as a conversation view and not the traditional inbox mode. Also there are few changes (new) in the general applications & you will enjoy it. 6) Internet connectivity is good. I am using Vodafone. It may depend on ur service provider and the signal strength. Hence we can’t blame the handset. 7) Looks are really good. I have bought RED. It looks flashy, manly and does not look like a 4500rs phone… Looks RICH. 8) Camera quality is good. 9) You have data counter (separately for each sim) and hence you can track the internet usage if you have a limited connection. Even SMS, MMS counts can also be tracked. 10) You get 7 games preloaded (Casino,memorize,golf tour,maze,music guess, picture puzzle,solitaire). An interesting fact is that you can use your own captured pictures to play a game called “picture puzzle”. It is funny sometimes...:) 11) Composing message on QWERTY mode very easy than in the standard keypad mode. Let us realize that all these come just for Rs.4580. For mediocre users who need a touch phone with GPRS, music player, few games, dual –SIM, reliable brand (NOKIA) this is the phone for you. If anybody has any queries, please let me know. Also feel free to correct my review if am wrong anywhere. Thanks.
the worst phone i ever used. The apps are not working. had to run to nokia care every 15 days. u can not play games on this phone. video is streaming full screen. DO NOT BUY IT
first of all.......there is nothing special about this phone.......touch is resistive(not capacitive), ........ if u r a nokia fan, then i will recommend u to buy keypad phone in same price range......or spend a few bucks n go for asha 306......few good games are available on the nokia store.......wattsapp is also available for this set.........conclusion- buy some android phone in same price range.
Touch pad is not working smoothly. One should really get frustrated with the touch pad while typing messages. Think once before placing the order.
Go for android phones, waste of money, resistive tuch, worst touch mobile i ever come accross, nokia is becomeing out dated in this mid range mobilesm MMX is much better then this NOKIA
I had replaced ear piece 4 times in last 2 months, one time screen changed also, video quality is very poor. hd quality video can not play.
There is no profiles option to make use of our choice when in need and also unable to set wall paper as our choice.
I ordered it for my sister and can assure that its quite reliable. Touch is not good enough but basic functionalities are just fine.
Hi Everyone, Pl don't go this mobile..One of the worst mobile for this cost and you can buy any other local brand mobile.It's my suggestion..The asha software hangs completely... In case..if í'm saying wrong...try to search on net...Pl don't waste your money..
i bought this kind of shit 3 months ago on temporary based. the touch screen is exotic. single processor. i am tense with this. Nokia loses its ryhme when it got involved with microsoft. Dont buy this phone u will reget later. with extend of 600 to 800 Rs u can buy Samsung Galaxy Star S5282 which has 3.2mp camera anderiod 4.2 OS 4Gb internal memory. Forget this kind of shit..
Quality is good for that price tag with great sound except with a few cons: 1. Its not dual sim active. When you are talking on one sim or using internet on one sim, the other sim would be not reachable. 2. Camera could have been still better along with flash.
I have this phone not bought form Flipkart though. It is a nice phone in this price range. It has a large screen of 3 inches. But touch is not so good as expected. You have to press a little harder to get it done all the things for you.
wow its jus awesome!!!! guyzz if ur thinking of buying dis fone pls go ahead !!!! its worth buying!!!!!! Seriously i'm not exaggerating but it is really good . Good features !!!!!!Go ahead nd buy it!!!!!!!
I'am using 8 months of this phone its have a problem its automatically switched off.i'am trying to on my phone can't on.then remove the battery and on.i go to nokia service center after.i faced same problem
I purchased this phone on July, 2012. I was the biggest mistake of my life.The only thing that is good about this phone is its look. 1. It does not have a 1GHz processor. The processor is even worse than the china phones. 2. It has only 32MB RAM. With this 'HUGE' amount of RAM the phone even lacks running its default applications. 3. Camera quality is too bad. Shutter time is more than 2 seconds. Video quality is very bad. you can hardly recognize the faces in a video. and it cannot even play videos above 240p but it can play their sounds. (which is of no use :/) and it cannot play large videos smoothly. 4. Sound quality is very low. U cannot even hear the radio from a distance of 10' even if it is playing at its highest volume. 5. Cannot install WhatsApp or no sensor enabled game is supported though it has acceleration sensor. 6. the main menu is too large and in grid format which you cannot change. After 4-5 weeks you will get some blank menus which leads to restart of the phone. Whenever a new app/game is installed the icon is displayed in the main menu which leadss to slow down of the phone 7. Internet is slow (12kBps) does not support 3G/WiFi. Bluetooth drains RAM and charge and while sending large files or batch transfer the phone often shuts down. 8. The default Photo Editing application is quite good but due to small amount of RAM saving a photo requires a large time (about 10-15 minutes) 9. By default it does not support YouTube. But after updating to version 5.92 it supports live video streaming but the quality is very bad. you cannot recognize whats going on but the sound is ok. 10. Opera MINI 7.1 is recommended for this phone. But it works so slow that clicking on a button results after 2-3 seconds So on the whole I would suggest you to go for another phone like mmx ninja or similar at this price
Got this phone as a gift for my parents. I had a nasty surprise when I tried this phone after receiving it. This phone has one of the worst responsive touch i have ever experienced. It took me 3 minutes just to set the time :( (and the option to change is the first step when you boot it up) Not even sure how Nokia dept's QA ok'ed this piece of crap product. I am pretty sure they are chucking their unsold crap on third world markets (at least from their perspective) like India.
This is a nice entry level smart feature budget phone for those who want to buy a touch screen phones only to enjoy the touch screen features, play simple games and others. Do not expect this phone to provide good internet experience, it is not meant for that. Overall a good phone, bought one in Aug 2012 and one recently, both as gifts, and both the receivers are quite happy with the phone
yupp this phone is awsomly good..when we compare it with its price. it had a improved touch(dont compare it with any of the android phones :p)......but it has some defects too , such as : -camera shutter sound cannot be switch off -poor performance of other downloaded themes -and the major one!!!!! it cannot support any of the AVI or other format video files.....it supports only 3gp and low mp4. but as a merit......nokia had made a phone with touch in a comparitevly low price with duel sim!!!!!!!!! totaly we can say.......this phone is a ok! type model...........
nokia asha 305 is a very good handset as compared to its price. many people are complaning about this phone that this phone does not stream youtube videos.but it does the thing you have do is to update its software.!!!
This is very bad phone b/c it has less internal memory(only 10 MB).you cann't use you tube.Touch screen is not good.Battery backup is only one day.Phone does not worth its price. Advantage:Camera is good.
Hi, I am frustrated after buying Nokia Asha 305. 1.Touch screen is very slow functioning. it is not a touch screen but a hit screen. 2.You can not increase or decrease the volume for music player if there is keyguard autolock. 3.There is No setting for changing keyguard auto lock interval.
Hi, This phone is very good at a price of 4149 rupees. This phone has a lot of features, The one which i like the most is the Nokia music store. This feature is just awesome and we get a 3 months free unlimited subscription with this device. Tis device comes with a 2 GB memory card so don't buy an extra memory card. Now we come to the performance- 1. This device is very good for internet lovers as it is very fast in browsing and it also compresses net data using the built in browser (I updated now it delivers very nice speed). 2. This devices plays all videos (surfing ex. YouTube etc.) without a single buffer after updating to firmware version 05.92 3. This device has a very nice downloading speed and it downloads any song in 1 minute from music store (This is totally true, not from ad.) 4. The look is very nice and looks like a very expensive phone. 5. The apps included are very useful and important. 6. The camera is good for photo capturing (Video quality is not too good). 7. The UI (User Interface) is very nice and easy to understand. 8. The Photo viewer and the media player are too good. 9. Sound is not so loud but yet the quality is too good. 10. SIM swap system is too good (second SIM slot) 11. The touch is too good despite it is resistive. 12. The onscreen QWERTY keypad is also good. 13. There are some cons too: Very less RAM Takes a lot time to start up The firmware needs to be updated to deliver better performance. THIS REVIEW IS TOTALLY REAL AS I OWN THIS PHONE AND IS VERY HAPPY WITH THIS. (MANY PEOPLE THINK REVIEWS TO BE FAKE VIEWS) The conclusion says that If you're a social lover or net user Then definitely go for this device.
asha 305 is a pretty good phone....... pros... 1. good speakers.. 2.good apps... 3. nice connectivity... 4.camera is also good.. cons... 1 . touch quality is not that much good... 2. if u remove the memory card them u will not be able to use the apps... overall: good phone... go for it....
Earlier I had a simple Sony Eriksson phone. It had a lot of battery issues and so I switched to Nokia once again! The Nokia Asha 305 fits my needs perfectly. It is a bouquet of amazing features! Being dual SIM, it allows me to maintain personal and professional contacts differently. The amazing 3-inch touchscreen display enables navigating to important apps like calendar, birthdays and managing emails easy. In my free time I download fun games and apps from the Nokia Store or playback music and videos. Capturing images is fun with the Nokia Asha 305’s 2MP camera. I also record videos from this camera and upload it on Facebook! This smartphone is great for game lovers too. I have access to 40 premium EA games titles for free. Through the built-in Yahoo messenger, Windows Live messenger and Google Talk app, I can easily stay in touch with all my friends! Music is my second love and I love this phone because it lets me download music at very fast speeds. The 32 GB microSD card enables easy storage. The most important point; I have no charging worries! The phone’s large capacity battery lasts for 2 days!
My big bro gifted me the Nokia Asha 305 smartphone on my birthday. Imagine my delight when I found the number of cutting-edge features on this phone. Now, I maintain two separate numbers on my phone with the convenient hot-swappable dual SIM feature. The 3-inch touchscreen is so much better than a regular phone with a keypad. I can download apps, games and music from the Nokia Store. To while away time, I can listen to music that is rendered in high quality by the loudspeaker as well as the bundled headphone.If that’s not enough, Nokia has bundled up to 40 premium EA games on my phone. Now, my friends always see me playing cricket or NFS on my Asha 305. The internal memory of this phone was sufficient for basic requirements, but my bro got me a 16 GB microSD card along with my phone. All my data, including movies, music and photos now reside on my phone. Staying in touch with my pals is easy with the integrated Yahoo messenger, Windows Live messenger and Google Talk app. All I can say is that I love my bro and I love my Nokia Asha 305!
I haven't buy ASHA 305 from Flipkart but i am using this phone .. Actually it was gifted to me.... Honestly speaking its totally money wastage... It hardly respond when u touch its screen.. LCD display is eye catching.. Colors are bright.. But Ressistive touch is so awkward Nowdays its has been obsoleted.. I dont know why Nokia is wasting there time & money on this phone by launching it... If you want to waste your 4000 ... Go ahead and buy.. but i would advice you to better buy a Chinese Mobile ... Lols
this a very good handset from Nokia, sound is very clear, camera quality is also very good, so overall it is a very good medium budget handset from Nokia,TUCH SCREEN IS ALSO GOOD RESPONSIVE, and good battery backup thank you nokia and flipkart..........
i was totally surprised and extremely pleased with the way flipkart adhered to my request of delivering the product!!! the product got delivered (@ bhubaneswar) @ my doorstep in less than 24 hours!!!!! thats just great work fk!! this was my 6th buy with you,and....u just keep gettng better. for cmplete review of asha 305 gsmarena is a good site guys....do check there. the phone is good....UI is fresh,but still sore,looks are acceptable and build quality is ok. call quality is superb,loud speaker performance is also good.... overall,good phone.
Its a good phone..... The touch is awesome ,, very soft multi-touch is also nice battery life is long and 40 EA games are free..(but for 2 months only) browsing is nice..nd fast.. camera clarity is satisfactory.... Although I like the phone........... GOOD TO BUY..
very good phone. it has dual sim facility and also has a very long battery back-up. it has a 2 MP camera by which you can capture your happy moments. it also has GPRS ans EDGE for faster browsing. so it a great product.
Nokia is great but dont understand why they designed a phone like this. The second sim gets deactivated when first sim gets a call. When you call the second sim you will get a message the number is not reachable. There will not be any information about the missed call to the second sim when you was on the first call. When you play games you must be always connected to internet till you finish the game. Also the selected sim gets deactivated during the game time. The touch is so horrible. Think twice before buying this phone.
Nokia asha305 is bad mobile don't purchase, you will become fool after buying this mobile Very bad touch screen it hangs many time No wifi, no 3g When we are using internet in a sim then second sim automatically going off. Not good internet experience. Not good battery Again very bad touch, you have to touch hardly for this. Not good internal memory, it is only for 10M.B. Don't bye this mobile after watching some good reviews , because they may be fake and wrong, I have became fool after buying this moile and read after these reviews The big disadvantage is that , We can't watch videos online from youtube or anywhere, really We also can not move any picture, song, video to any folder from any folder So this is very bad mobile unless bye china mobile but don't bye this mobile
Nokia asha305 is bad mobile don't purchase, you will become fool after buying this mobile Very bad touch screen it hangs many time No wifi, no 3g When we are using internet in a sim then second sim automatically going off. Not good internet experience. Not good battery Again very bad touch, you have to touch hardly for this. Not good internal memory, it is only for 10M.B. Don't bye this mobile after watching some good reviews , because they may be fake and wrong, I have became fool after buying this moile and read after these reviews The big disadvantage is that , We can't watch videos online from youtube or anywhere, really We also can not move any picture, song, video to any folder from any folder So this is very bad mobile unless bye china mobile but don't bye this mobile
I have bought this phone couple of months ago, in just 5000 bucks you gets something which gives good value for ur money !! Operating system is quite smooth !! So far I haven't faced any trouble with this phone !!
Average phone. may be good in this price range. I have problem with touch-screen and ear-phone connection. Check this -> http://www.flipkart.com/samsung-s3770/p/itmd2e2u7z8dcjdg?pid=MOBD2E2PAGAZDZBH&ref=98207e3c-b1f4-4344-9df7-59a63305c006
the service of flipkart is awsummm....but phone is too bad for 4000+.....pls dont buy this phone..it is the worst phone from nokia..its cheap but not worth..it has major problems...hanging..display etc...pls dont get admired by the reviews in flipkart..go to a mobile store before choosing this piece..there are plenty of options avaiable in the market.,..spend a little more and get a nokia 510 or 610 if u r so frnzy about this mobile..really disappointed about the wastage of money on this piece of S&**....i will not give even a single star for this mobile..
Bought the Nokia Asha 305 last week. Red in Color. It is a good one. Awesome looks! Sound quality is good! But it is a bit slow. RAM is not that great. A good buy at that price range. Flipkart delivered the product in 2.5 days.
Good phone with many features. Cant ask for more when when brand matters. You will get android phone at this price with unlimited of features and apps. But when it comes to reliability, you have to trust this brand, NOKIA after all. I m using Samsung Galaxy Ace, & too hve no problem. GOT THIS PHONE WITH IN A DAY FROM FLIPKART. ORDERED IT IN THE EVENING, GOT IT NEXT MORNING. REALLY ROCKET SPEED DELIVERY.
Completely satisfied with the performance. Worth for the money spent. We cant find another mobile with all such features in this price range. Pros : Touch response Good UI Camera 2 MP 32 GB expandable MMC Cons Capacitive touch only 10 MB internal memory
Nokia Asha 305...worsh mobile! Instead of improving the qualities of the phones of the nokia...company trying to making fool to the users...!! Really this handset has lots of cons... some of them are: -You can't cut copy paste the text in this phone..!! -Speaker quality is worst... like any china phone! -You tube video streaming not supported! -New version of Nokia Browser... is just rubbish...if u open facebook in this browser... u feel like u log in your account in the browser of year 1990 :P -On sending the message... the option of 'Recently contacted' option is not there!! -Can Hang any time..!! use it your own Risk! :P I buy this mobile under a month ago... I have gone 2 times to format my cell...!! no other option they have to troubleshoot my phone!! God bless to Nokia! Jald he market se gayab hone wali h Nokia! :P
hi guys ... i bought this phone before 3 months.. pros &cons of this mobile as follows pros: 1. cheaper phone with dualsim support & nice touch sensitive 2. speaker quality is superb with fm radio recording 3. lots of shortcuts can be customized 4. gprs is working fine(email app,chat app,facebook app,twitter app included by default) 5. good battery backup cons: 1. camera quality is not up to the mark 2.very very poor video playback 3.video playback resolution is 176*144 whereas the phone resolution size is 320*400 4.phone lags sometimes but not regular overall its a very good budget phone from nokia,nice to use but please do not expect good camera quality from this phone
Asha 305 stupid mobile !!! Don't buy this to be be a smart person... All nonsense guys give all fake commenst as given...!!! very difficult use this mobile.. contacts are not coming in alpha roder.. it coems and there... just 2 days over after i bought it... number saving it not correct form. need to save with +91...... and so on and then only id nae will come.. if not show as new contact number..!!! i don't know hwy nokia does these type of mobile inspite they have very bad market ?????? help for the own grav yard..!!! beware of all fake reviews.... regards
Value For The Money. Good Looking. Nice To User . But The Head Phone Sound is not Good At All For Music......Good For Web Browsing, Face Book Browsing is too Good .. The Delivery was too fast ... Good Packing.....
Touch Screen is very poor. Hangs up and does not respond at all within 2 months of purchase. Camera and Music is Good. Gaming is wonderful and Nokia Maps is somwhat ok. Nokia has to improve upon this Product.
the touch is not responsive. worst phone, not worth buying at all, i returned this phone back to flipkart because of this!! DOnt buy this phone since you will have a lot of problems with it, and also it hangs inbetween sometimes. Audio- Not effective, very low voloume on speaker mode.
My frnd just bought this phone 4 days ago...it looks stylish,touch is not bad,display is also good ......... its internet fast is tooo pour we have to wait for a long time to get a page some times internet connection will automatically..lost, it has a inbuilt browser it also too slow...nokia offer that it need only one minit to download a song but its downloading also too slow..sometimes downloading automatically stops, its a really bad choice for internet users..............mainly its not a smartphone at all,it doent support multitasking......so dont go for this phone
Good phone but touch is really bad. I did not like the touch sensitivity not worth it buying. Go for Samsung if you can. May be spending few extra will give you excellent product. Nokia is dying moblie
