MOBDK2AEHMAHZWGZ
i bought this phone 3 month back.. i actually planed to buy samsung but my bad luck i pick this phone.after 2 month i had a problem with the mix it create some noise so i give it to the service center they said the board has the complaint so need to replace it.it take one week time then i got my phone back one day no problem again the same problem repeat again i give it to service center.next one week no problem then again the problem has started. i found many people has the same problem it is the worst phone ever i use.the service is also has no quality....
Bought this set 5 months back from another shopping site with a heavy discount. After 10 days of waiting I have received the item & shocked to know that the set was defective on arrival itself. The phone box was already opened & phone was not booting up,stuck at LG logo.The site refused to provide a replacement, since they have no replacement for seller warranty products...!! The problem was rectified by the LG service centre by updating the firmware. But then a whole series of other problems started creeping into the phone at once like Wi-Fi & Camera was not working,poor network reception etc... Again visited the service centre , after some checking they told me that the board is defective & needed to be replaced. I have demanded a complete replacement of the phone, by mailing to LG & to my surprise, the next day they have replaced it with a new one through the service centre. Since then , the phone is working fine without any problems..... Morals of the story 1)LG service is the best ( I had terrible experiences with the Samsung CC earlier) 2)Don't go after heavy & unusual discount. They are probably selling refurbished / returned products. 3)Always shop from sites which provides Seller Replacement Guarantee ,like FlipKart.
very good phone for normal user (except heavy gamer) Very good and advance specification in this price, battery back-up very nice, lovely UI, handy, every thing is best for this range only 2ndry camera missed which is bigist drawback..
Worlds 3rd largest smartphone manufacturer has started to conquer indian market with second gen L-series smartphone. The LG optimus l5 ii Screen: 4 inch IPS display with 800*480 resolution, it has got 230ppi, best display at dis price compared to samsung, htc n sony. Processor : clocked at 1ghz, with 512 mb of ram, that is enough for any tasks, n 720p video playback. Battery. Life: best in dis range with 1700 mah, it wil last more than a day with heavy usage... So that is awsome. Design : L-series devices are known fir their design, it has laser cut contours, which gives a premium feel, n is just 9.2 mm thick, cool looking phone. User interface : lg's own optimus UI 3.0 with jelly bean, great thing about this UI is simple to use, yet beautiful, with great animations. It has got Qslide Qtranslator Qmemo Safety care n other features wich are not available in any other brand. plus it has dual sim!!!! Camera : its 5mp sensor, good enough at dis price, it has additional features lyk cheese shutter which clicks photo when you say cheese, panorama, multiple shots n many more,. It is the best phone at this price range. N i bet u there is no other international manufacturer offering a phone with so many awsme features, jus go for it,!!!
i bought this phone from local shop at 10000 k. look is slim and good. screen resolution is nice. buttons at bottom are not back lit so its difficult to use at night. touch response is poor to these buttons. have to press 2-3 times. whenever i restart mobile it changes to default settings. discards the changes to settings automatically. its irritating a lot. Sim icons does not change no matter how many times i try. i thought this mobile is worth of 10000 but sadly its not. just screen size, android 4.1 and camera quality are worth features. nothing else. i shouldn't have bought it.
Nice Phone from LG best buy only on flipkart, flipkart is the best for the offers which other will not give,you will get 8 GB memory card, other mobile retail show rooms would not give this offer. I have bought this phone from U*******l, they mentioned free case on the box but finally said no stock, so better buy from flipkart
processer is low thats why phone is take some time to action camera is better than micromax and samsung only the processer is low either the phone is awesome flipkart service is very good after the order one day i get my phone
samsung's s7562 is with all this same specs but also 1 step ahead of this with video calling camera..............what sense LG USED with no video call camera @ 11.5k phone ??????????? no MAJOR change IN HARDWARE frm last one LG E615
I m using this phone since two months. i Had a great experience about this one. here i m telling you the pros and cons. pros- awesome battery back up. on an average use u will get 2 days battery back up. web surfing, gaming , data, wi-fi use 1 day back up. ips screen is nice ,better touch screen display, very light for handlling. no voice laging. clear audio while talking.music very nice. value for money under 10k. back panel is not metalic but crispy plastic body not matter with back panel.overall superb .i love this phone. 2g connectivity is good. wi fi connectivity is awesome.go for it under 10k. bang for buck. surely VFM product. cons- lg is disappointing in advertisement. overall Awesome product of lg............ hat's of..... thanks
it has a reasonable rate as compared to other android phones.i purchased it 5 months back and its been working fine since then
I have been using this about four months. Till now it is working fine. Pros. 1.Good touch. 2.Light weight & slim. 3.Has features like quick memo, cheese shutter etc. Cons. 1. Only 512 MB RAM 2.Phone become slow as memory is less. 3.Camera is just ok.
Nice phone, would recommend for Value for Money. A lil problem with the low network area, but overall its a good purchase.
After using it for 25 dayes i have giving this review this is very good smart phone i have purchased it after reviewing various mobiles on net..i have already used samsung nokia, micromax...brands. but this mobile i found better.......sound is too good only i cant get extra battry for it in market...........beacause i have to travell more battry backup is impressing very good games run easily..... THE sim management is excellent...it is provided single touch which is not fount in other brand... sim 2 is not 3G....its is 2G.......thanks ..............@@@@@@@
Best screen quality, nice audio, nice processor ..Believe me it really fast you can do your basic task easily.
Not worth for the money. From the day one second sim slot is not working. I expected camara would be better , but is was not so. Yes it is slim but not much trendy
LG L5 II E455 MOBILE GOOD PHONE IPS DISPLAY VERY NICE ANDROID 4.1 JB GOOD BATTERY GOOD NICE MOBILE BUY ALL INDIAN PEOPLES
Do not want to write number of lines to show the pro and cons of this mobile. Based on my 2 weeks experience with this handset, I would say that this is something which is better than the other Samsung mobiles... Its worth to buy.... Flipkart took 5 days to deliver this but they delivered before the committed date. 10 on 10 to flipkart for there service. All I am saying I am happy with the buying..
its a gud product... only thing is camera which is of different standard(but its not vga) which could be verified by zooming any of its snapshot, its pixels will not burst. else than that its touch is highly sensitive without any delay. other things are there in older reviews
Bought this phone for my dad!!! he's very happy with all the features it has to offer. The phone is smooth and very easy to use!
its a gud product... only thing is camera which is of different standard(but its not vga) which could be verified by zooming any of its snapshot, its pixels will not burst. else than that its touch is highly sensitive without any delay. other things are there in older reviews
Superb Mobile for this price range, It includes all the new futures and a very good camera with 5 Mp. Very good Graphic card and it supports almost all games. Very good ear phone coming with this set, and giving a good backup of one and half day.
i brought this phone 2 month ago it's work superb it's gaming and battery performance is better than samsung s duos and it's touch is very good looking stylish in short good to buy under 15k phone
This surely is one among top 5 phones under 10k budget.. Been using this phone for past 1 month and i'm fully satisfied with its performance.. Battery backup and resolution is its USP.. lasts for 2 days minimum with IPS crystal clear display..
Bought this device(white) a few days back offline. Looks wise its nice with all its features. But when my wifi router is on with LG's Auto Sync option switched ON, surprisingly the mobile is not able to reach to the network signals. I use a prominent network that too in my house where there was no such problem with my earlier mobile. I moved the sim to a different phone and did not observe the issue. I doubt the WIFI sync is interfering with the capability to reach to data network signals. This is a major drawback with the basic feature(calling) giving problems.
