MOBDKYPSZFXMBVVT
All in one phone... I bought this phone at stores 1 week before its has the features similar to canvas A115 3D, but instead of 3D feature this phone comes with a powerful JBL headphone which is worth Rs 2199 in flipkart and this phone 1.5K less than A115.. Pros: 1. Powerful JBL headphone(Which is not mentioned but packed with the phone..) 2. 1 Ghz dual core processor. 3. 4.5 inch screen with 854x400pixels(240ppi) and 16M color display 4. 5 Mp cam with AF, 720p HD rec, Dual LED flash and 0.3mp sec cam. 6. 4 GB internal mem out of which 1.97 GB available for user and 503 MB for apps. 7. Android v4.1.1 (Jelly Bean) 8. Its also got Proximity Sensor, Gravity Sensor and a notification LED. 9. 1800 mAh battery which will provide a decent backup. 10. Good looking and nice build quality. Cons: 1. Only 503 MB is available for apps.. 2. There is no addition feature available for music expect the headphone. 3. Only 110-100 MB RAM available rest is used by some process running in background(if the phone is restarted then 240 MB RAM is available). 4. NO screen guard or cover is provided in the box... 5. Camera is good, but indoor images are not good even with the flash.. 6. There is no light sensor. Conclusion: If you need a good music phone with good looking and nice features blindly go for it..
extremely great phone PROS: 1GHz dual core processor (can handel top end games) 5 MP camera with great picture quality (dual led flash) brilliant 4.5 inch display 512 mb ram is low but only 59-60 mb is used by processor so u can play hardcore games the great feature of this phone is as soon as you put a sd card(class 10) in it is shows it as its internal storage so you can download tons of games from play store and play them extremely great JBL headphones with superb bass and sound clarity CONS: the only problem i noticed is the viewing angles of screen it's good from top bottom and right (when the phone is horizontal position) the only problem is from left or the secondary camera side itjust black out as you tilt it but it is from top side so you will not notice it on normal usage but overall its AWESOME
2 days back i bought the phone..the phone is awesome.camera is also good.you will get free jbl head set.but battery performance is not up to the mark..the length of the charger is small...except these the phone is awesome..
Friends, I bought this phone on 16 june 2013. Till 20 June 2013, it was working fine, but on 22nd june 2013, the phone went automatically on the earphone mode and all the incoming and outgoing calls were unheard or unspoken to the other party, despite of the fact that the call is on. Will recommend users to stay out of it and go with the trusted brands.
It SUX...this wat i can say after abt 1yr experience... first of all it doesnt play games...it hangs in between and then goes back to the home screen...seeing this i went to the LOT store and exchanged the product thinking it was a factory error and for my surprice the new piece had the same problems...recently my phone hada small fall from bed and the next minute the displays GONE!...there r only 2 gud pts abt this mobile.. 1) comes with a SUPERB JBL headsets 2) as aproduct of MMX has loud music power.. thats it....i will never recommend MMX products to ANY ONE!!!
Canvas music you bet ya find of this year micromax, this phone has got all the features of budget android smart phone, no complaints whatsoever after one week of usage. pros : 4.5 inch capactive touch 1ghz dual core processor 4.1.1 jelly bean os (in 8k what else you want) 1800mah battery which will last for a full working day o my word what to say about jbl headphones, they are just awesome cons : 5 mp camera could have been more crisp, 512mb ram is not that much, but still not that bad total value for money...Micromax you rock!!
Its been more than one year since i bought it Pros: -Its a nice product with nice JBL headphones. i bought it for 8000/- from flipkart itself when it was just released ( within one week ). -Camera takes excellent photos. -The phone has an excellent touch screen that never failed. -Keys still work well even after 1 year. So its better than samsung -General usable apps work very fast and reliably. May be because i dont overburden it ( I have an 8 gb memory card in it which is almost always 70% empty ) Cons: -Though the touch screen sometimes doesn't work fine while charging which is faced by earlier samsung products too so its not a problem. -My camera got a crack line. Not by accident but by heat and cold thermal shock the phone gets by overheating due to long duration internet usage and then suddenly keeping it on steel cupboard. Thus the camera material make quality is poor. But camera works fine with same clarity as if new, so its still a good thing. -Some games shutdown automatically, So if you love playing games like temple run, subway surfer Do Not buy it Update : My call speaker stopped working ( after 15 months - it works sometimes and sometimes dont so i have to click loudspeaker or use earphones ) Great value for money
Decent buy at 8.5k. Plus you get a 8gb micro sd card and JBL headphones. So definitely good value for money at this cost. Using this phone for more than 6 months now. Pretty hardy I would say. The OS, Processor , screensize , look & feel are all good. But the main drawback is the storage. U get only 503 mb for ur apps which means u have to clear the cache and other memory often. So for a hardcore app user like me, RAM should have been at lest 768 mb if not 1 gb. But otherwise a very good buy considering the freebies and the features. So yes, a definite recommended buy.
I have done lot of research before buying this device. Here is my review after moderate usage of 15 days. Apart from specification.. i feel it has very low catch up power of wifi connectivity comparing to other normal devices. Further, i would like to mentioned that sometimes it responds 5 second late then our action; At that time we feel the difference between micromax Vs. Brand mob. I.e. Htc or samsung. But at the same time we should also keeo in mind that what price we are paying is almost a half or less then those comparing brands. overall i m happy with device. One more thing i want to quote if u r a gamer then this instrument is not for you. Hopefully i have given review best from my side.
Phone is good . battery backup is decent too .. jbl headphones are just amazing .. ram should have been more ..dont expect too much from this phn .. but yes it can play almost all harcore games but because of poor viewing angles u will not enjoy many games .. 3 stars to phone and +1 to jbl headphones .. micromax please dont call it music phone just because of jbl headphones . plzz download power amp if you want to enjoy the music , default music player is just pathetic .. i bought it at a discounted rate of Rs 8074 .. thnks flipkart for that .and delivering it in 2 days ..
Got the phn last week. Flipkart delivery was indeed very good. About the phn, well its a good phn...very impressed till now. Nice display, no lag so far thanx to d dual core processor....d only con i can find is the charging wire bein too small....and its takes a long time to charge....battery back up is ok....i mean it will give a full day of normal usage....3G may suck up a lil battery...but overall am very happy with dis product from micromax.
This phone has lot of good features and i would say that this phone is one of the best smartphone from micromax. But it could not produce equally to the quality of samsung. And the user guide is worst and battery did not long last, minimum they should have a 2000 Mah battery. But if you see overall of this phone I would say that is amazingand best phone for in rate of 8000s
Using this phone near about 1 month and i am totally satisfied from it. Even tho i bought this phone for my brother and for my friends also after using it. Pros- Big screen,good touch, it plays N.O.V.A 3 (1.3GB game) so its compatibility with apps is excellent it play all the apps in app store, screen clarity is good, JBL Head phone are good,Battery life is good then any other smart phones, net surfing is fast on this phone...... Cons- Came is not worth as 5Mp in room light, Network reception is OK (previously i was using Nokia 1100 so may be my expectation is bit high), flash will not work in HD mode. FINAL REVIEW- If you thinking to buy a smartphone JUST GO FOR IT it pays u back highly impressed by this phone.
This is a great device from Micromax. I bought the device from a retail store. I got the device for 8400. The device is very good in the hands and feels like a very well built phone. The only complaint I had was the battery life, but a cousin suggested to me to fully charge the phone only after in discharges, that is switches off after 0 %. I did this a few times and it worked. Now my phone's battery lasts for 2 days, gets reduced to one day if you browse the web extensively. The display is awesome as well. I am writing this from my Canvas Music. Although I must say, I would have loved to buy from Flipkart, if it my house wasn't in a small village.
Nothing to complain except battery life, during surfing its just eat battery like monster. Otherwise it is a must have phone. JBL headphone is rocking. Allover its a irresistible one. Pros:Resolution, touch sensation, jelly bean,camera,headphone,movie quality,internet speed. Cons:Battery,phone speaker sound.
i purchased it from my near by place got near about 8k........i m fully satisfied except battery backup but sound quality is good with jbl headphone ....................................................................................................................................................................................................
Perfect configuration at the best price.. Pros: 1. HD video Recording..(720p) 2. 512 MB RAM..and 1Ghz Duel Core Processor 3. Internal Memory 4GB 4. 5 Megapixel Primary Camera 0.3 Megapixel Secondary Camera Dual LED Flash 5.1800 mAh Battery 6. Free JBL headphone. Go for It..It's a good one.
I bought this phone from a local retailer for a price much less than that of flipkart's. i am writing this review after using the phone for 2 days. 1. DISPLAY : Very good sharp and crisp display 2. CAMERA : Average camera, could have been better. 3. STORAGE : 503 MB for apps and 1.93 GB phone storage. you can move apps to external storage so no problem here. 4. GAMING : Yes you can play moderate to high end games like dead trigger. real football, asphalt 7 etc. 5. BENCHMARKS : Antutu - 6457, Quadrant - 2940, Nenamark 2 - 23.1 fps. Overall, this phone is a very very good product. Till now, i have faced no problem whatsoever.I would definitely recommend this phone.
Micromax is a bad company they can't give you the service after sell. I buy a Micromax Funbook P250 item not work in 12days. I go to service center. They say please come after 15 days. I call them many time they can't pick up the call and give some time. It's past 6 month but i can't get the service. Thank you. I request you please don't buy MIcromax product
Bought MICROMAX A88 CANVAS MUSIC (Black) as on 14th of June, 2013 Pros: 1) Large 4.5" TFT Full Feather Touch Panel with 16 Million Color 2) Android Latest Jelly Bean ver. 4.1.1 Operating System 3) Full of Apps - One Touch Gmail, Google web browser, Google maps, Google Chrome web browser, Facebook, Opera mini web browser, We chat, Skype, WhatsApp, Ringdroid, Notepad, Micromax live, Micromax zone, Sound Recorder, 1000 Phonebook and many more... 4) Great Music Quality with Canvas Music Player. Handset speaker also has quite effective clarity for Music & Ringtone 5) Two sets of Headsets comes with this handset: One is Micromax branded Stereo headset and Another is JBL Branded Extreme Powerful Headset with Great SHAKE EFFECT EXPERIENCE ! 6) CAMERA - Primary Camera - 5.0 Megapixel (For both Still & Video formats) companion with DUAL Flash Light can also be used as a TORCH as well, Secondary Camera (Front) - 0.3 Megapixel for Video Call, both are relatively of quite good QUALITY 7) Proximity Sensor with Network LED Sensor 8) DIGITAL FM with DIGITAL DISPLAY & Recording 9) Video Player 10) DUAL GSM SIM STANDBY (Supports both 2G & 3G Network) with 32 GB Single Micro SD Card slot 11) 1800 mAh Li-ion Battery 12) Internal Memory - 2 GB (Net Available - 1.83 GB) 13) Bluetooth & Wi-Fi Connectivity with 3.5 mm Headset Port 14) Charger cum USB datacable Cons: 1) Due to Larger Display - need to decrease the brightness and Android Jelly Bean OS, consumes a lot of battery & thus need to Charge everyday. As there always some programs are running out somewhere backscreen. So Battery Back up is not so good comparatively to other Branded Android Mobiles. So need atleast 2300 to 2800 mAh of battery with this handset. 2) No Micro SD card comes with this Handset and Internal memory is not sufficient (Only 1.83 GB is Available) 3) RAM is 512 MB. Due to Android OS maximum space of RAM is engaged in Program running somewhere backscreen. So requires atleast 1 GB of RAM. 4) Should have been given One Booklet Cover or One Card board Pouch for the Handset Overall the Handset is Quite Good EXCEPT THE BATTERY BACK UP
Dear Flipkart team, pls make white colour available as soon as possible. This phone is awesome especially in this price range. I personally consider it as a Value For Money. Soon gonna buy this one. I am already using Canvas 2. It is awesome too. and yes Micromax rocks. It always impress me.
SINCE DAYS ARE CHANGING,SO DOES THE ERA OF PHONES.BUT MICROMAX WITH ITS BEST OF THE BEST PHONES ARE MAKING PEOPLE HAPPY WITH THEIR BRILLIANT PRICES AND SERVICES.THE NEW MICROMAX CANVAS MUSIC A88 WITH ITS OFFER OF PROVIDING JBL HEADPHONES IS WORTH PLEASING.I HOPE PEOPLE WILL SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN THE UPCOMMING FUTURE TIMES.
the worst ever phone i have seen and worst service . never trust to buy this kind of phones from micromax. dont trust micromax .worst service. the doesnt work upto mark . atleast it doesnt justify itself to the features its made with .
I got this product at an introductory offer, it costed me 8k only along with JBL headphones.. Pros: -> Good Android phone with all basic functions. -> JBL Headphones that they give are quite good. Cons: -> Applications storage memory is too less, my phone keeps asking me to clear memory every other day even if i have installed very less number of basic apps. Gaming is almost impossible on this. -> Not a multi tasker. Quite slow, will have to reboot every time u overload it by opening many apps. Good for very basic and rough users.
Good phone at this price! Wats app, Face book and other applications are working fine till date. i have not faced any problem on this phone. Good to go
value for money but headphone is not working after 7 months of use ....but a88 satisfies me....go for it...
the phone is good and works well. it has only 500mb for apps and thats the only real con. it dosent hang and is fast enough in most cases.camera is good in natural light but bad in artificial light. front camera isnt its best feature. all in all a good phone and is working well even after a year of rough use
Its a real gud phone. But has low RAM PHONE hangs sometimes Front camera is hopeless Battery not upto the mark Apart from that Main camera of 5 pixel gives u a decent click I have compared it with 8.0 pixel of grand2 The JBL headphones provided are naturally AWESOME as usual. Speaker output is also decent. Built up qualit of phone is rich and the back is rubbery finish so gives a gud hold.
ws retailers so good and this phone is sooooo nice i like it one problem is Ram is only 512 mb minimize applications not working hd games are working free with jbl head set but no flipcover in the market dual flash is wastes
This phone gave me the real joy of being a game and internet lover. U may download all types of apps , games. You tube videos, update with world , newspaper, live match.. everything. Just go for it. Camra is also good in good light. They have given good photo editor and even u can download it.
ive had the phone for about a year now and theres no problem at all. the phone memory gets used up a bit fast but we can move most angof the apps to the external so its not a bit problem. battery is still going good. glass is a little fragile. runs fast and dosent normally hang.all in all awesome product for the price.
very worst phone ????????? it really sucks....??????better is samsung and its the best in all.............
I bought this mobile a few days ago. Its a nice mobile with some good features as well as some problems. But at a low cost its not a bad choice, at least u r getting front camera and jelly bean os.
Headphone is awesome but phone is very slow and every time hang i recommend not to buy. Headphone is awesome but phone is very slow and every time hang i recommend not to buy.
great mobile!!!!!!!!!!!! nice speed though it has 512 MB RAM easy to operate nice sound quality . I prefer to buy this mobile
I think more than enough for normal use. its having nice display, good camera and flash as well, also support high end games. JBL headset simply owesome.....no regret to buy this product.
Flipkart send me Micromax Music A88 on very early time but the phone is not working properly skype will not run on this phone i enquired to customer care but not respond if the customer care is not responding then its items should not be sold
Good mobile.. all worth the money spend. Has a good display, the primary camera is also good. I felt has a bit lag when browsing in various pages. But all worth the money. It comes bundled with good quality speaker so sound quality is also good.
pros: >touch response >battery >sound cons: >camera(has a little pinkish tinge to it..if u use the correct settings then u are good to go then for this mobile coz everything is fine acc to me. And flipkart delivery needs to speed up things...it took almost 1 day fro the product to reach durgapur from kolkata.
nice phone touchscreen is like butter android version is jelly bean which is quite good not too large camera is not so good processor is nice battery life is amazing overall awesome phone in the price tange
its a awesm phone i got it just 2 days bfore . its processor is very fast and gud enough for playing games. the camera is awesm too.
i am using this set for 3 months now. many have told me that i should have gone for samsung bt after using for this amount i am satisfied with my experience it much better than any samsung phones in this price range. cons are skype some time does not work properly and RAM should have 1GB and pls can anybody tell me if JB 4.1 can be upgraded to JB 4.2 for this phone. go for it if you want a decent smartphone
I had bought this phone on may 2013....and am using it since then....its just AWESOME!!!!!!! the pictures are great and the video recording quality is also very very good....another thumbs up goes for the led indicator...i dont need to unlock my phone to check fr msg or miss call...the led light tells me all that....the colour is also good.....have seen such a good colour on a mob after many years...initially it hanged few times as i did not close my apps after using dem by pressing d home button.....bt when i came 2 know d way to close dem there was not another problem....and no need to mention the sound quality of a "music" phone.....d battery backup is also good...it lasts fr bout 3 days... and ha d jbl headphone provided wid this phone is just great............great phone from micromax...should go for it...
The Camera is average and the sound is great through jbl. Screen resolution is cool and colour is vivid though viewing angle is poor but youll get use to it. Play all kind of hd games forget about subway surfer and other light wieghted games. Battery is good. Nothing like anything. I got it at rs 8499 and the next day was rs9199 so the lucky is me. sometimes the touch doesnt response properly while charging. Especially if u connect to a desktop pc. Shipped the same day and delivered in time. 5* to flipkart and for micromax with such a low budget phone with all feature. Yes gps is ok if someone interested in it though not the best.
I am shocked to see that the price of this product has been suddenly increased. Moreover, the price quoted here is much higher than the price prevailing in the market. In Mumbai, it is sold in the range of 8000-8200
Good for the price and features . All features are great. 32GB microSD card class 4 also working smooth.good battery rating lasts for near to 1.5 days. JBL headphone is nice experience. Daylight photography is good. Display is bright and good resolution. Camera needs to be protected. A below surface lens would have been good.
I ordered this product one month before, and very recently found that its outer rim has two cracks on it. It came to our eye much later after one month probably, then we called the Flipcart customer center and they refused to let us provide with the new fresh piece as its more than a one month now. Just to inform that a mal handled piece was shipped to me originally.
Bought it on 14th june evening and was delivered on 15th june afternoon. Have been using it for the last 55 days. I would say it is the best product with specifications comaprable to any 15k samsung phone. The best part is that it doesn't hang like samsung phones and has more durable motherboard. The only trouble i have faced so far is that firefox doesn't work properly. Other browsers like chrome, uc browser are good even with 4 tabs opened. Good for gaming. And the headphones provided are of premium quality. Suggestion: I would like to give a recommendation to anyone who has bought it or planning to buy a88 that after starting and activating your phone do make a factory reset, this way you will get 400 MB free Application space ( otherwise it would be 250 only). Factory reset will only remove useless background things. Additionally do install app2sd to save apps to sd card instead of phone memory. The phone memory available is 410Mb apps memory, 400 MB RAM ( actually only 200 MB is user available), 1.9 GB internal SD card, and slot to put sd card. Remember: app2sd wont be able to save apps to internal sd card, so if you want to save apps to sd card you will have to put a new card in the sd card slot. There are many other recommendations i have made on my blog yourcyberguide.com ( yourcyberguide dot com ) regarding various apps and how they work properly on it.
PHONE IS GOOD IN THIS PRICE PROCESSSOR OK INTERNAL MEMORY OK 500 MB FOR APPLICATION ONLY PROMBLEM FREE RAM ONLY 70-80 MB AND PHONE HANG USING MULTIPLE APPLICATION.NOT GOOD FOR GAMER.BUT.... MICROMAX CUSTOMER SUPPORT IS VERY VERY BAD MY MICROMAX A88 IS DEAD AFTER 10 DAY OF USE AND ITS CUSTOMER CARE PROVIDE WORST SERVICE AND TAKE MORE THAN ONE MONTHS TO REPAIR. SO THINK ONE TIME MORE BEFORE BUYING MICROMAX BRAND. I will never buy a micromax product again.seriously frustrated.
Yes phone is ok..! i got this phone for 7250/- on flipkart 2 weeks ago and i m satisfied with the feature and quality based on the price. 4.5 inches TFT display not the best quality(could be better) 1 Ghz dual core processor 512 mb RAM you will need more than this.(1 Gb RAM) for heavy games and apps which was not in my requirement, too many applications will slow down your phone. Battery is ok last for a day with 3G,WIFI ON the whole day, playing games for long will force you to plugin charger. Android jelly bean 4.1.1 and JBL Headphones(Awesome Quality) the two best thing in this phone..! In all the phone is good for me at 7250/- never expected any special performance from this before buying and i m happy,will suggest you same. I prefer gadgets with low cost and more features- sumit dubey
I bought this phone from mobile store a couple of weeks back (i had to resale my old phone) n i must say the phone is a pretty good buy at this price! The specs live upto its standards except for the camera, though u cant say its ugly. Games till now ran pretty smooth. Only problem i faced was with the ram..evn though its 512 MB, thr only arnd 50 MB free ram at any given time (easy kill task app did improve this for me). And 1 more thing i shld mention is that the wifi signal reception is not that strong. Oh n d headphones??? Well..jus one thing..its JBL. Thrz nuthng bad u can talk abt it..specially whn u r getting it for free! ;) so all in all..if are not a "brand" person n is not looking for a phone with good batry backup..this is a good buy!
Hi, I have bough set 1.5 months ago. set is very good at this price range infact very very good.. however I dropped the set and broke my screen. its a month after I gave the set to service station. its not repaired yet. very unprofesional and very poor infact word "3rd calss" is not sufficient for the serive Micromax provide.
As compared to other phones in the range of 8000 /- like samsung or htc. U cnt get d best bt u cn get ur worth of this phone guyz :) and amazing sound of JBL headphones free with it love its bass :) i would suggest u to mot waste your money on karbonn or xolo. Commom guyz micromax is also a good brand uh shud try it also :)
When I booked this product, I was confused about my decision but after using it, it was an awesome experience. Internal Memory- 1.9 GB(Approx) for usage is good. Camera- Although its 5 MPX but the auto focus performance is simply great and gives a good result. Processor- 1Ghz...sufficient for all avg. need gaming or processing other apps. Screen- 4.5" just fits in your hand and access is great I like it more than any of the 5" or above... resolution is good. and all this at such a decent price... It deserve 12 out of 10 for overall specs at the mentioned price. Deserve a 5 star rating.
Let me start off right from the first thing, the delivery - Ordered this phone on 26th June and got it delivered at my place on 27th June 11AM. Now this is quick or rather i should say the quickest delivery that I have got on any online purchase. Flipkart Rocks!!! This was my first buy here and as all know the first impression is the best impression, and flipkart has imprinted an indelible impression in my heart. Now about the mobile which I have used for a week Pros: 1) Price - got one of the best deals from Flipkart(Since then I see that the price has been steadily increasing) - Thanks for it!!! 2) JBL Headphone 3) The display and the abt 4.5 inch screen(anything more will not allow a single hand handling of the phone) 4) Gaming is smooth - Temple Run 2 runs clean 5) Nice touch sensitivity 6) Sound - This mobile is loud and makes sure we don't miss any important calls Cons: 1) Camera - Its 5MP but picture clarity is close to a 3MP cam 2) Viewing Angles could have been better, majorly when we are out in sun 3) 543MB only for app storage - but we can move most of the apps and all the games to the external card so its kind of ok for now. 4) Battery - 1800 mAh Li-Ion battery and with this screen and resolution it could have been a touch better. Overall - With the 2k worth JBL headphones this Mobile is an awesome deal to buy in the 8k range.
JBL Speakers are awesome and given features are up to the mark GOOD WORK M-MAX keep it up I have purchased yest I m loving it other leading brands have to reduce the prices now JBL Speakers are awesome and given features are up to the mark GOOD WORK M-MAX keep it up I have purchased yest I m loving it other leading brands have to reduce the prices now
Its a preety good product from micromax .. The Music output of the phone is pretty decent and it is packed with latest Android Version 4.1.1 JB which feels good overall and what to say about the little JBL monster. it simply \m/. Phone is superb if you consider the price.. But flipkart priced it high,.. in market it is available for 8.3k
Got this phone for Rs 8074/- from flipkart. Great phone at this price as it comes with nice specs and also JBL headphones. PROS: #The phone has a 4.5 inch display which is good to hold. #It also has a LED indicator which is green for messages and red for whatsapp and as a low ..battery indicator. #rubberized back panel. CONS: #the display is not bright enough to see outdoors. #RAM is very low.You will have less than 100mb free RAM even if you have only 1 or 2 ..downloaded apps running. Very low indeed.Makes the phone slow at times. #Microphone is a bit faint. People cant hear properly if the phone is a little bit away from ..your mouth. Only a bit. Very good phone to buy at this price. Great quality and is surely lot better to buy than any other phone in this price range.
Pros : I'm using TempleRun2, Subway Surfers, etc. Games, apps are running smoothly, no lags. So performance is good, thanks to the Dual core. JBL headphones are awesome, amazing. I found Battery Backup decent, it lasts a day. Has Android 4.1 jelly bean. Except few, you can move most of the apps to external storage, so no problem of the limited 503 MB. Has LED indicator light. The sound and vibration is loud & clear, you won't miss out on imp calls. Cons : CAMERA SUCKSS..!! The images captured and the video quality is BAD, not upto the mark. I sensed a problem with the phones' color contrast & viewing angles - NOT good. I sensed it while using whatsapp, some background colors are not visible properly.
Wonderful phone at this price point..it works very well and RAM is pretty gud..supports literally every app..no probs.. im running rr3..AB star wars and space..mw n high res games.. no problems..i would have given it a 5 but battery backup is bad..JBL headphones are simply mindblowing..low light imaging of front cam is ok..5mp rear came is very good.. 2GB of internal storage also helps..due to few defective pieces people are spreading false information..if you want a perfect VFM product this is it for you...micromax is getting better and better..!!
This mobile was gifted to me by my parents on my B'Day. Overall it's a good package and the best thing is the JBL headset. It has decent camera quality also. But it has the worst battery backup I ever experienced in any handset. Need to charge it almost every alternate day, even when lying idle. Got settings done from where I purchased it for minimum battery consumption with least background processing. Moreover I am not using it for calling then this is the case. If i start playing games on it or use it for talking, the battery may not last even 2 hrs. And the most irritating part is that it takes more than 4 hrs to get fully charged !!!! phewwwwwwwwwwww! So, I am using my old simple samsung GSM handset and it gives my 5 days of battery backup with 8 hours of talk time. This canvas is only a show piece for me. I won't recommend this product and the only reason to do that is the pathetic battery backup and exorbitant recharge time.
it is nice phone with great jellybean experience....sometime it lags due to lots of background apps....but it is okay as it has only 500 mb ram..jbl headphone is just awesome...best phone in 8k..now finally cover and screen guard available in my city...
i would say that micromax canvas music a88 is bind blowing device. it got a pretty big screen, plays most of the games, got a descent battery backup, and the jbl headphones are one of a kind it does really shake eveything.........
I brought this phone from a local market this month. It felt good for Few minutes... 4.5 inch screen, 512Mb ram, 16m color, etc.. RAM-NOT ENOUGH At first i noticed 100mb of RAM is free(dint install any app). Thought it was fine. But no.. as i started installing fb, whatsapp, wechat, messenger, cleanmaster, temple run 2, etc.. and i was only left with 25mb of ram(very low) I Reboot this phone atleast twice a day. QUALITY-DELICATE I just droped the phone(panel cover was on) and screen was damaged... I mean i can constantly see sky blue dots on screen while watching videos(drags attention) So, buy this phone it you are ok with this. Coming to the up side, Gaming is good.. I play GTA3, Iron man 3, temple run, max payne on this.. runs smooth... Watching videos was fun before the screen got damaged :( I m not happy with this phone...
I have been using Canvas music for a week now, going by all the features that it sports and the money you get it for, I would say it is an amazing buy but lately I am facing a problem. The display has started flickering a lot..almost like when you watch a TV with a bad cable connection..having to get it to a service center just a week after purchase is rather unfortunate and embarrassing and I am yet to find out how long they take to service it and how well they do it..apart from this, the phone is awesome in its range.
This phone has the same chipset which was used in canvas 2 a110 which was a big hit and the screen contract is better than a110 except for the battery which drains quite fastly this phone has met all the requirements of the smart phone , i bought this phone 4 days back and i am happy with its perfomence and build quality is also improved a lot compared to previous phones..
Yeah!! NYC conf..as from micromax in this smartfone era with decent price range affordable for indian market.!! dono about touchscreen and performance of this phone!! Battery backup but at this price this product is incredible...along with JBL Headphone!!
Our frnds are decided to buy this phone frm flipkart so plz be make us available the white one as soon as possible... this phone is awesome and cointains a lot of functions in less price.. so i recommend to take it as your phone
