MOBDMZYANHYF5XW4
I have following complaints WRT to the P11 purchased by me as per my bill of Dec 2013 Nature of complaint informed to them are as under :- 1. During charging Phone charging area getting heated up too much 2. Cell phone becomes unstable due to problem(1) 3. Cell gets hung up while doing some activity 4. Cell phone goes OFF while talking. 5. Battery life is too low 99% charged gets to 2% in less than 5 hours 6. While the net is switched off battery life observed was 5 hours 11 minutes. None applications used 7. The phone hanging is reduced but not eliminated inspite of the fact that I do not use any other applications other than whattsapp, camcard (Very rarely – once a week), Can scanner (Very rarely – once a foutnight), Google plus (Very rarely – once a week), and music for songs (occasionally). 8. The applications use 565 MB and free space is 870 MB 9. While I was in West Bengal - Bagdogra and Siligudi and in Sikkim – Darjeeling, Gangtok from 5th to 15th June 2014 etc….no Net was captured by phone by any SIMS (Tata DoCoMo nor Vodafone) but when the same Tata DoCoMo or Vodaphone SIMs were used in Samsung 19070 smart phone the net was working without hang up. Signal was showing 3G for DoCoMo but no net. While in Kolhapur also no net signal is shown only while on WIFI it shows green signal of net in operation.
Bought this phone 6 months back. Pros: 1. Excellent screen. 2. Good performance. 3. Changeable panels. Cons: 1. Bulky and cannot operate in one hand. 2. The back panels does not fit properly and makes noise while using the phone. 3. Lots of pre-installed apps (hungama, economic times, wechat, etc). This can be downloaded from good store if required. Don't know why its inbuilt in the phone. 4. The camera does not work after the phone warns of low battery. This is weird. 5. Speaker phone quality is very poor. 6. Heats up a lot. Even when sometimes its not in use and its in my pocket.
The worst part is phone getting heated up with in few minutes. Good news for those who doesn't have micro woven , you can prepare any kind of food on this mobile. No transfer of files like photos etc .. by any means only possibility when you are connected with Net. No screen guard is available in the market . WOW so many bad features, better not to go for this kind of mobiles just by seeing the brand name.
I've been using this P11 for a while now and did some real-world tests. I'll go straight to the point. Pros: 1. Good specs on paper. 720p with good pixel density. 2. Doesn't lag. It has never lagged till now. (Quadcore and 1GB RAM). 3. Good design (although this is a personal choice) Cons: 1. Touch is not that responsive. Sometimes touch doesn't get registered. 2. Don't let the camera MP fool you. Its very bad. 3. Battery is the worst. 3 hrs on net usage. Same hours for other purposes. You'll need a power bank. Other notes: 1. Actual inbuilt storage capacity is only 1.40GB only. Its not 4GB. And my RAM shows approx. 800MB (I was expecting a little over 900 tbh). 2. You'll NOT find any cover for this phone in the market. Only protective layer for the phone would be a leather pouch. 3. No developer support. Meaning no custom ROM nothing! I've tried looking all over for it, even on XDA. 4. Back cover is very difficult to open. Open it with care else it will crack! NOT KIDDING! Bottomline: Giving it 3 stars only because of the pros listed above. Not recommended.
I bought this phone 1 month back seeing the background of panasonic rated it above Micromax, but this is the Pathetic experience, No chatting apps run on it, You can try Whats app, BBM, We chat anyhing but nothing works until you are in Wifi network...it doesnt work on even 3G network of Vodafone and idea, ...Within a month Phone is developing a lot of problems like, auto shut downs, voice not coming through internal speaker( u have to talk only on speaker phone while on call, excessive heating, battery backup is of 8hrs without any games....Not worth even 5k....
1 ppi294 is very good 2 looking is good 3 performance 7/10 3 camera 7/10 4 battery 5/10 5 video quality 8/10 i m very confused when i take this mobile but after 5 days i think panasonic is very good compeny now you can go with panasonic in this mobile quad core 1.2 processer with 1 gb ram no heng problem prob...... 1 heating problem some time ( charging time and playing time ) 2 back cover not proper fit 3 battery 2 times charge for 1 day 9 ( if you use 2 to 3 hour net continue and like games then u must charge your battery 2 times otherwise normaly u can enjoy full day 4 after click photo when you take zoom your picture not good
Pros : good specs for the price, good looks Cons:bad power management, battery drains quickly during use, no accessories available even in renowned mobile markets in Mumbai, secondary Sim network fails frequently. Good buy if demands from battery are not too high!!
i bought this cell on new year.from a local retailer not from flipkart.!!! pros: 1. clear pics 2. runs really smooth 3. no lag in any game 4. net runs smoothly 5. excellent touch and display 6. reading on net is really cool...the fonts are good. 7. internal memory is good Cons: 1. games use up battery real fast about 40% need to charge sometyms twice daily 2. wen u zoom the camera pics are not really clear..my previous camera wid 2mp camera had better zoom 3.get new hassles every day..however small but irritating....
Cons Poor audio - not good to listen, poor volume, speaker is behind - you will miss some calls battery - average poor screen brightness pros- good screen resolution & clarity
This is one of the worst phones i have ever used bought it 3 days back hangs very much calls go to some1 else when u call some1..camera is bad display is very dull overall phone sucks..
Awesome is the word !!! Bright and Bold and Beautiful. I would recommend you to buy this right away. I already bought P51 but managed to gift this one to my sister and she loves it. I am going to check out Shubhagaman offer from Panasonic Diwali Festival.
It is a very trendy and cool phone coming right away from the makers of PANASONIC . It has got all the features of a successful phone. PANASONIC has launched many other offers in this festive season.
This is a vibrant smartphone that appeals to the creative personality and puts the world in digital form at your palms. The fast and high on design p11 that i am using is definitely ahead of the competition. Although now i am planning to buy p51 at discount with Panasonic shubhagaman offer.
this is a superb phone at a 15k range..tough compitition to micromax!! Android v4.1 (Jelly Bean) OS 1.3 MP Secondary Camera Wi-Fi Enabled Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB 1.2 GHz Quad Core Processor 8 MP Primary Camera Dual SIM (GSM + GSM) 5-inch HD Capacitive Touchscreen great display nd camera!!
This phone is good for nothing...............apart from display & camera quality all things are below average. I dumped this phone after using it for 6 months. Really pathetic battery life.......phone sucks battery as leech sucks blood. Frequent lagging issues in touchscreen. Touch sometimes fails to get registered. I wonder how this could be a Panasonic smart phone..............???!!!!@@@@
Friends currently I am using this mobile phone I want to share my experience about this phone. I have purchase this mobile dated 14 April 2014. It works 4 months better way but there after its arise the problems like. 1. Hang 2. Network Switch Off automatically 3. Contact Mix Automatically 4. One Incoming message generate many times. 5. We can not see full watsapp message. when I was gone to Service center located at Aurangabad for Mobile upgrade they told me there is PCB problem we can not upgrade our mobile and we are sending to company it can takes 60 days, there is no option to me so I wait for 60 days waiting of Mobile. After 60 days I got my mobile they have not change my mobile PCB only restore my mobile and give me back after that problem is solved temporarily but new problem is arise there is white line is coming at bottom of screen. So panasonic service is very worst, I am dissatisfied with this phone. I hope this review is helpful to you.
I hand bought this phn from a local retailer once my slipped frm my hnd nd the screen break nd there ws a crack on the screen nd touch pad didnt worked and wen i went to the service centre of panasonic .. u would be shocked the charges of repairing they said.. it ws 6500... wer as the phn ws of 11200.... disgusting rply & service frm panasonic service centre.. i think one shud nt buy dis phn and nw the phn is a scraped piece
Panasonic do not have its own Service center. It is outsourced to Karbon mobiles. They also handle Gionee mobile servicing causing it rush and delay.( Service center at Dream Mall, Bhandup, Mumbai). Service center phone also do not work.. My mobile display had issue and still the mobile is in service center for the last one month.
this phone is really worth of money with good battery,Awesome camera,display and sound. If you wanna low budget but awesome phone go for it!!
- Signal reception is very poor - Switching between 2G and 3G is worst - Battery life is poor, sometime it drains out completely and switch off with no reason - Performance is average - Multitasking will make phone damn slow
Who told panasonic is japan made, this is dabba china handset.... .its not to worth for money.... china handset better then p11. Camera not good Battery very very very poor Worst sound when making call and restart also Heating like iron box we need put charging twice a day with 2 to 3 hours totally very very very very worst , dont buy friends be aware of this fake mobiles... chine handset better then 100%
I bought this phone 3 months back. and till now its working fine. Camera is good. Display is big and crisp clear. Design is awesome in this range. :) Battery lasts for one day only. :(
This phone gets more heat if you speak for 10-15 mnts continuosly and battery drains very quickly. Phone design and the Camera quality is good. Panasonic should have come with better stabe mobile for this price.
not a good display not a good recording hangs while playing games
The Phone is very good for the price! Camera works well in day/night. Motion - sports mode could have been better. Games - all good games work well. But the battery drains fast when the quad cores are used! Overall, the features are great, they are on par with Samsung or Sony or HTC phones that are in the range of 18-20K. For 12K, this phone is good. Plus its not Chinese, Panasonic is a Japanese Brand!
at first the Li-Ion 2000 mAh battery is too poor for the set..you must charge it every day.. but features are good
IT IS NICE PHONE ,FLIP KART SERVICE IS VERY GOOD, SINCE FROM DAYS I AM USING THIS PHONE IT IS WORKING SUPER ,I HAVE ONLY COMPLAINT REGARDING BATTERY LIFE
stylish look with best price and battery back up...better than nokia or samsung mobile with same boring look....
hi frnds , i have panasonic p11 smart phone, this mobile is verry osom and gid features, but its very heating, when iam using my phone after 10mints its heating totally , thats why iam giving 3...
this is a superb phone at a 13k range..tough compitition to micromax!! Android v4.1 (Jelly Bean) OS 1.3 MP Secondary Camera Wi-Fi Enabled Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB 1.2 GHz Quad Core Processor 8 MP Primary Camera Dual SIM (GSM GSM) 5-inch HD Capacitive Touchscreen
I am using Panasonic p11 for past 30 days, I am in love with this beautiful Phone. Extreme Performance, Awesome Looks. Cam Clarity is very good. Best Mobile to hangout with!!! Highly Satisfied
This is something after long wait from the Brand and finally they have delivered as expected. Now am shifting my focus to Panasonic Shubhagamn offer.
This product is going to create some nerve ranching story all over the market. I am inclined towards looking to shop some electronics products from the Shubhagaman offer that is going on for the festival.
This is the best phone in the panasonic newly launched series with Amazing features and qualities. Do visit Panasonic website for OFFERS on PANASONIC products.
This phone is very trendy yet powerful . It has all the good features one can desire in a mid-range smartphone these days. It'll be a tough competition to Sony.
