MOBDSN7H75FANFUA
I have bought this phone on 28th April,2014 from flipkart at a price of 6426. I have spent hours on the phone and now writing the actual pros and cons of this phone. Pros: 1) The look is awesome, glossy in the front and mat finished backend. 2) The touch is good, but dont use the screen protector given by micromax. 3) The primary camera takes pretty good images and the secondary too woks great. 4) Games like temple run 2,OZ,subway surfer runs without any lag.(Do not get hot as mentioned by others.) 5) Modem is very good, even works great in 2G. 6) Hd videos(720p,1080p) plays very smoothly. 7) Headset is dam good. Cons: 1) The battery backup is a little low if you spent too much time with your phone. 2) Micromax should have given 1GB ram, as 512 MB ram does not go with quadcore processor. So if your budget is low, then definitely go for it.
nothing new had been added.., Only Quad core processor..., RAM is only 512MB.., then what we can do..., with less RAM what we can do Quad core ...., At least RAM 1GB is needed in Quad Core.........So Manufacturers don't cut ur Cost by launching Cheap Product..! And don't Repeat SAME mistakes Again & Again !!!!!!
I bought it at 8000/- from a local store on 5/2/14. Initially i was a bit confused between MAd A94 and Canvas fun A74 but i happy that i finally bought the MAd phone Pros- Good finish n awesome looks. front camera is as good as the rear camera. good battery power. better display than the fun A74 Cons- To go with quad core RAM should have been 1GB
I bought this phone from flipkart on 02-04-2014 after reading some good reviews. But now I am regretting. This is one of the worst phones I've ever used in my life. I got this phone on 4th april, 2014. Unfortunately for the first time sim slot 1 was not working, so I replaced it. Thanks to flipkart, I got a new piece on 06-04-2014. But situation is still grave. Touch is not working properly, battery backup is decent but phone hangs a lot and not even able to play temple run 2 properly. I raised a complaint again. Update as on 27th April, 2014 As, I have mentioned in my previous review. I had raised a complaint and I wanna thank flipkart for providing me technical support. They called me the very next day and sorted my problem. Basically it was a problem related to software. I had to hard reset my phone. Now come to the point, the phone is excellent. And I think I'm lucky to have this wonderful phone. People say that 512 mb ram is not enough, I agree with them but due to powerful quadcore processor & videocore GPU (Better than adreno 305) you won't feel any lagging. I have tested it with almost every high graphics games like Shadowguns, Dead trigger 2, Six Guns, Iron Man, The amazing spiderman, Asphalt 8 and trust me I have no problem while running those games. Lets discuss some other topics briefly. Pros. 1) Sound output is good both via loudpeaker and headphones. 2) 1.2 Ghz Quadcore processor with videocore gpu will provide you better gaming performance. 3) Built and looks of phone make you confused. You'll feel like you are using a 15k+ phone. 4) Battery backup is decent. 5) Viewing angle of display is excellent. 6) Display is vivid and crisp. 7) Internet speed is excellent. 8) It can run full hd videos. 9) Calling is also good. 10) Last but not the least after spending this much you will get 5mp autofocus camera both front and rear. Camera quality is excellent and flash is powerful. Cons. The only drawback that I found is ugly signal bar.
initially I bought micromax A74 fun,but number "4" wasn't working in the touchpad, so flipcart replaced it for me, 2nd A74 fried out in next day,I put it in the charger and it went off and never turned on..flipcart gave my money back into the mycart and I returned it..I upgraded my phone to Micromax A94 within couple of days of its launch.. but I paid 8500, initial price ..now looks like very high as it has reduced so much:( ..I was very scared with this brand but it was the best deal I was getting in terms of feature...THANK GOD it's been 4 months and still working..both camera quality,display and processor is good..you can play subway better than 13,000 Rs samsung. battery backup is little disappointing with internet like other micromax.A quite good budget phone with front camera..but think before you buy MICROMAX. Thank You FLIPCART for hassle free replacement,,I could have get a real hard time If you were not the seller.
Advantages- 1-big screen 2-descent camera both back and front 3-sound quality is good even in earphones 4-Big games run smoothly Disadvantages- 1-WiFi range is poor 2-Touch sensitivity on edges is not good
Micromax has named this phone right. MAd. This phone's features are unbelievable in comparison to its price. This also indicates that the race to produce bigger and bigger hardware is coming to an end, and the race to produce greatest hardware in the least price is starting up. That time is not far when a 6,000 rupees phone will provide all the features of a 12,000 rupees phones of today. Micromax is going to and fro while producing the smartphones. It started off with very less priced phones, then moved to the Canvas series, then is again concentrating on the lower price territory. Now users can easily go for this phone without worrying about weak specifications, which was the trademark of the phones in this price range. Before I start the review, I would like to let you know that Micromax MAd A94 is available online at Rs.6,299 as on 25th May 2014. In stores, the price may come down depending on your negotiations. The phone is a real steal at this price. Lets start with the review now: The phone has been announced and introduced in the January 2014 itself. Micromax MAd A94 supports both 2G & 3G in India. Its a dual SIM phone. It offers dual standby too, so basically, 3G+3G. The phone has got cuts to its sides, making it look thinner. The screen IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with 16.7M colors with resolution of FWVGA 480 x 854 Pixels, same resolution as the popular phones like Nokia Lumia 630/ 635, Sony Xperia M/ L/ J/ U, Micromax Canvas Doodle/ Doodle 3/ Canvas 2/ Canvas 2 Plus/ Canvas Juice, HTC Desire 310. The screen size is 4.5 inches, hence giving you best of both worlds, (4 & 5 inches). You can see the above list has many 5 inchers in it, so this phone's display would look more sharp. Micromax MAd A94 supports SD Cards upto 32GB with internal memory of 4GB, which breaks down to 1.5 GB for Mass Storage and 700 MB for Apps Installation so the actual available internal memory may be less, which is quite common with the low priced smartphones. 512MB RAM is acceptable at this price. However, a common user can install all the necessary applications without issues in the available space. Installing applications on internal memory makes them run automatically & show widgets. Plus, for songs, games, applications & videos, SDCard is always there. USB connectivity, Bluetooth is present as expected. Micromax MAd A94 supports WiFi, but WiFi Direct & HDMI aren't present. It has 5 MP primary camera with flash and autofocus.. It has a flash too. courtesy of mdrafi50, here is the video sample http://bit.ly/1r6hWZW and the camera sample is http://bit.ly/1gtFB1L Phone can do video recording and playback at 720 x 1280 30fps, which is awesome. Plus, this phone offers a front camera, that too a shocking 5MP front camera, so video calling, other apps like face lock come into picture. Micromax MAd A94 has a Broadcom Quad-core 1.2GHz Cortex-A7 CPU on BCM23550 Chipset,which is unbelievable at this price. Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo has this CPU, so you can understand what's being offered. By the way, Samsung has turned to Broadcom for many of their recent entry-level and midrange devices. As per that phone's synthetic benchmark, this CPU performs better than that of the Sony Xperia Go/ E Dual, HTC Desire 600/ Desire X/ One Mini, Samsung Galaxy Core/ Young/ Ace 3. Phone comes with Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean. This smartphone has FM, GPS with A-GPS support, Android, Opera Mini browser inbuilt, Proximity Sensor, G-Sensor, Light Sensor with apps like MAd Call App, MAd, Spuul, Hike, Bubble X Slice, Dancing Bubbles, BBM built in. It has Video Chat, Intuitive Text Input, Spell Check, Enhanced Applications and Power Management, Document Viewer, Kingsoft Office Features. As per official specifications, Micromax MAd A94 has upto 150hrs that is 6 days standby time & upto 5 hrs talktime which looks worth a worry. In real life situation, 10-15 minutes of WiFi drains 10% battery. The battery is removable. Before buying the phone, please test the battery by surfing and downloading for some time on 3G network. If the battery performance is decent as per your observation, simply go for it. For online shoppers, confirm the seller whether it will take the phone back if you don't like the battery performance. But don't get scared, though, its just a routine check you need to do while shopping in this price range. The phone comes in only Black colour. 1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and 6 months warranty for in the box accessories has been given. Box package contains Handset, Charger, Battery, USB Cable, User Guide, Headset, Warranty Card. To sum up, this phone is ideal for those who want a smartphone with decent android version, branded quad core CPU, bigger screen with sharper display plus dual 5MP camera with HD video recording plus flash, all at the least price possible. found my review helpful?
Best phone in its price tag....... thanks to flipkart got my delivery within 2 days..... checked the price on local stores it was 7800/- but i purchased it from flipkart for 6786/-..... it can play 1080p videos upto 30fps ....has a great gpu can run all the high end game in high quality....quad core processor works buttery smooth..... Ram is 512mb but usable ram is good enough to run all the apps smoothly...so Ram is not a issue...... battery backup is good....as u cant expect to run android phones for 3 days.......so why to spend 15k on samsung and sony when u can get better than this in 7k......
Yes, i know many people wud say that micromax is a cheap brand-brand made for budget conscious people in india. But if only talk its specs, we wont be able to judge this phone properly. I brought this phone on feb 2nd, i was extremely happy. I installed all sorts of apps and games. Games that worked perfectly fine (on low graphics of course!): from temple run to asphalt 8, from angry birds to Dead trigger, Micromax mad was smooth all over. One suprising thing i liked was that though it is budget smartphone, It ran Dead Trigger and Blood and glory On FULL GRAPHICS BEST QUALITY. These games ran perfectly on my device. Yes, i admit some games like Beach Buggy cudnt run thanks to its 512mb ram ONLY but funny thing is it was able to run most of the high end games and i am HAPPY! ALL THANKS TO ITS GPU! Yes it is the only quad core device you can get under 8000 rs if you really dont care for Brand value!
Looks are deceptive. The item gets 10 on 10 in looks. However 01 on 10 in battery & performance. All the hype on the model is not worth it. 512 MB RAM is not good enough in present day APP requirements.
The phone is really great and best with high performance and good processing speed Quad core processor shows the best site performance The camera quality is rich with 5 MP rear n front cam the application like skype and video calling gives the satisfactory results with 720p of hd recording with excellent quality. Multitasking is also good as linked with processor but the shortage of 1gb ram can be felt by the execution of big applications and high end games The IPS display is good with the color combinations you can play HD videos. battery back up for me though one day which is affordable by using all the apps and 2 days without using many apps. Sensors will disapoint a bit. Over all great phone where u can go for it
The phone is getting very Hot. I been to Micromax service station in Vashi, and they return it back as it is, saying they checked the software and found all OK. The issue is still not resolved. This brand new phone is no use for me, my money wasted....
Issued in public interest: Please don't buy this mobile at any cost. At the outset, it may seem like a better buy for the price but it isn't. There are a lot of issues like call drop, heating and battery drain. Very cheap quality product. Though it is from WS retail( Flipkart's own retail) And the return policy from Flipkart, the lesser we talk about it, the better... Don't go by the reviews on flipkart alone... Thanks
Worst ever company.... Stopped functioning after 3 days.... Worst service adding insult to injury. Don't ever buy micromax, avoid it. Micromax khareed kar phas gaya yaar :( Regards Micromax pidit
I have bought this phone on 2nd July'2014 & got that on 4th July'2014 at price of 6527 INR (Awesome service by Flipkart). I have spent hours on the phone and now writing the actual pros and cons of this phone. Pros: 1) Awesome looks with glossy in the front and mat finished back end. 2) Display is quite good with IPS display. 3) The touch is good. 4) The primary camera takes pretty good images and the secondary too woks great. 5) Games like temple run 2,OZ,subway surfer runs without any lag. 6) Hd videos(720p,1080p) plays very smoothly. 7) Headset is dam good. 8) With the specs it has, the performance is pretty good , even better than expectation some times. Cons: 1) The battery backup is a little low if you spent too much time with your phone. 2) Having quad core processor with in, 512 MB RAM is a mismatch. Suggestion - Buy
Because of miss handling I had broken the sim tray and submitted the mobile at micromax service center. They told me that, they will call me and inform me about the invoice details. But I didn't get a single call from them. I tried to call them but most of the time number busy or no response. However after 15 long day I got my phone but after few days of usage, the LED of touch sensitive button stopped working. Again I submitted the phone and paid for a new LED panel. After getting the phone, I noticed that the signal reception becomes very weak.Again I submitted the phone. After 2-3 hour I got my phone. Guess what, the LED panel stopped working again after a day. This time they took 2 more days to fix the issue. The service of micromax is very very poor. The guys out there was very rude. Each and every customer was shouting there. I'll never ever go for any Indian mobile company. It's worth investing some extra bucks for international brands. I'm planning to buy a new mobile and I'll go for international brand this time. Coming to performance of the phone, its okay. However touch is not that smooth and many earphones not supported by this phone. Quality of music is below average in the earphones. At last, NOT recommended to any one.
This is a good phone and has good value of money.... But Under 15 days of use the display quality of screen is reduced.... There is a slight impression of previously opened application on the screen and it reduces the graphics and photo clarity too... Auto Focus is not so fast...
Firstly got a defective set but flipkart exchanged it without any problem and with a smooth manner. Now got a new one which is working fine although just used it only from 10 days so not very sure about its performance but till now it is working fine except its battery back up.Again hat's off to flipkart service.
some years ago nokia was the biggest company in INDIA nd peoples dont like samsung or others company so much bt nw samsug is the bigest. In future i thnk micromax will be the biggest company, this phone is damn good in this price range there is no comparison with samsung galaxy trend or s duos 2. Though micromax has to make more imprvmnt if they want to be the biggest. Frist of all the flash quality though it is good bt nt good enough when compared to samsung. camera is ok. u can move apps to sd card, colour reproduction is better than other mmx phone should have given hd resolution. Bt 1 gb ram should have been given to this phone. 512 mb is ok for playing heavy games bt u will always have to clear the task bar when u are going to play heavy games. If u like this screen size go for it otherwise u can go for canvas juice or smthing. Personally i am a fan of mmx mobiles, used many androids of mmx bt this is the best. So dont think just buy it.
Micromax MAd A94 is very decent phone, quite impressed with the build quality and camera for this price. Pros: Superb camera (check my sample video in YouTube with same username) decent display good battery backup, 36 hrs 3G & wifi on good call quality very interesting MAd concept no gaming lags, very smooth Internet speed is awesome Cons: quite unstable, restarts sometimes Quad core? really ??? UI lags sometimes touch not much responsive at corners P.S.But I'm really impressed with the camera :)
It is quite a good phone to buy and the concept of 'MAd' app is also good. I wanted this phone to test the android apps which I develop and believe me, its awesome. No hanging prblem till now.
Review after using this phone for 24 hours... PROS: 1) Nice looks. 2) Awesome display. 3) Both cameras are of 5MP and picture quality is decent. 4) Quad Core processor is just superb. CONS: 1) Low RAM, just 512 MB, it should be 1GB. 2) Low light or flash pictures are bit hazy. 3) Battery backup is low. If you want a good phone of low budget then just go for it...
Issue with First Piece I got the fone some pixel show on display but i register return after then send new piece to my home. Ordinary phone They used very low quality materials. When you talk the voice blots and difficult to understand. Just in one day i found this defect, god knows what is there in store for me :(. Ear phones suck. Need 1 GB RAM The phone is getting very Hot. There was network issue and heating issue. the phone has some signal problem...... Recently, I have bought it from Flipkart for 6426/-. Very low battery backup and lock-unlock button is on left side which is very inconvenient.
Overall mobile looking good, 1. Slight touch problem while playing games 2. Hanging while playing games 3. Frequently mobile went to not reachable mode
Hey friends, I would like to say that this piece from micromax will break all the records. With such low price offered on flipkart, we get android 4.2.2 jelly bean and the picture clarity is quiet unique. The speed it supports enables to download smart apps from net.
Hi all, I am using the mobile for the past one month , mobile is really good to use but worst camera quality.... cant believe it has a 5 mp camera.... other than that everything is good......
i am quite happy from this phone .. working nice .. true value of money .. and as i am playing games and using apps on this .. it never hang and gives me a better response .. front camera i loved the most in this phone which comes with a 5 megapixels .....
After 1 week of usage..this is my review + Outside of the mobile looks premium and good design + It has a 4.5 inch screen and an ips panel ,display is sharp and good at many viewing angles + performance is top notch no lags or errors. + UI is stock android, minimalist design. + front camera is 5mpx and better than the primary camera. + Quad core processor - Sound reproduction is not good. once u turn OFF the equalizer it sounds good. - primary camera takes a lot of time to focus. - The phone doesn't support other brand earphones/ headphones.but the quality of the stock earphone is decent. - Battery is small so u might want to charge it after 10 - 15 hrs of normal usage +/- u may or may not like the mad app For the given price, its a worthy phone.
Pros: Nice stylish look Excellent display, graphics Nice sound quality, headphones sounds at its peak Quick responsive touch Superb camera quality Cons: Battery life should extend a bit, but quite manageable Little heavy Overall nice phone to buy, I rate it 4.5/5
Micromax MAD A94 Is good but need 1 GB RAM and battery Backup. If 1 GB RAM then its really good set to beat equal other company mobile sets. and after that Rating is 5 STAR
This is for Micromax,If you would had given 1GB RAM with this configuration ,,,, it would has been the best deal of the year 2014...
I bought this phone and used only for a month. and start getting problems on it. The touch stop working. and i went to the service center of micromax twice with the same problem. and they repaired it both the times. I am still getting the problem. Better to not have any phone from Micromax. its really worst in condition. Also seen, many peoples are standing in a long queue to fix their phones which they bouth. 2-3 or 7 days ago.. I will never buy any micromax phone again and will never recommend to anyone too. Once again Pathetic response from Micromax.
I am using this phone from last 11 months, purchased from flipkart. I would recommend not to purchase this phone at all due to planty of reasons 1) Camera sucks badly. Front camera is not 5mp at all which is written in config. Its seems to be get cheated by Micromax. 2) 512 Ram is not good enough. 3) Games are not running smoothly. 4) Touch is not good.
Except touch and RAM every thing is good Little more in weight , but front and back camera is good .
overall, phone is very nice with almost all features of a phone of this cost.It is a good chice if your budget is 6 to 7 thousand.5 MP front and rear camera with flash is less seen in phone of such cost.However battery is not very big and thus phone dont give much backup. But that's not a big deal.if you want to buy a low range phone it's a nice choice and go for it.
its a cheap and budget phone . i have completed my 6 months with the phone it can handle your day to day use . but felt some difficulty playing games with the phone . the phone lags too much and heats up at top back of the phone . it also has some issues with touch at corners which sometimes do not respond . but it also has a too good 3g connectivity . i think that the combination of 512mb ram with quad core is not good , the company should give atleast 1gb of ram with this price . it also has a too good screen . the colors are too good on the screen . the wifi range is also ok . the sound quality is average . it also hangs alot and sometimes restarts . the battery provided in the phone is not enough or not of good quality as it drains too fast . if playing a game it drains 3-4% in five minutes hence i conclude by saying that if you are searching for a phone then you can ignore this product go for other brands or in the same brands you will get a better product just after 500- 600 rs .
this is a very good phone in this budget....great service of Flipkart...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I used 4 phone of Micromax.. 1is Micromax canvas 2, Micromax Mad A94, Micromax Nitro a310, Micromax X 101i so Micromax brand is so good... And Micromax is a no. 1 company in India and 2 position in world.... ..
Its a good phone but still lacks many things. It usually hangs and has a low internal memory. But its camera is very good and mostly goes smooth. I am satisfied with its performance
the phone is nice undoubtedly. positive sides are all the features mentioned in the site. but i would point out the negatives in the phone. firstly it has 512 mb ram which should have been 1 gb at least. 4.2 jelly bean given could have been upgradable to 4.4 kitkat. and very important is memory. 4 gb internal memory is never found. one can hardly use that 700mb for apps and it is only expandable upto 32 gb. that means u can use a 16gb memory card only. but inspite of all these, it is a budget phone affordable for students with hifi looks. rich looking but npt heavy in pocket.
it works very nice fr 6 months but after it shows weird behavior and it touch becomes malfunction an also stop one sim slot disappointed with micromax
delivery was good. but this phone hangs a lot. hangs every now and then. only camera is good. else everything is useless.
Micromax MAD A94 is best Smart Phone good to buy so many features Budget wise Product Wise Feature Wise over Nice.With Good Service.
Micromax was good with push key mobiles. In smartphones section they are pathetic. The touch is really a pain in the ..... My advise after using it for 3 months. Instead buy Gionee mobiles. I have Gionee E3 after this and it works great and the camera is amazing. Camera quality beats even high end sony mobiles and samsungs.
phone's user interface is a bit laggy,probably due to less ram..secondary 5MP camera pictures have a bluish tint..
Not so good phone for the price spent. Very poor screen touch response and hangs at times. Connecting to internet experience is pathetic. Not a recommended phone for this price.
MICROMAX HAS DONE A VERY DISSAPOINTING JOB BY GIVING THIS PHONE A RAM OF 512MB. IT HAS GOT 1.2GHZ WITH QUAD CORE BUT IT IS POINTLESS WITH A RAM OF 512MB. THE ONLY FEATURE THAT IS GOOD IS THE CAMERA ,THE BATTERY, THE LOOKS AND THE TEXTURE. IF YOU ARE HANDLING A ANDRIOD PHONE FOR THE FIRST TIME THEN IT IS JUST OK. THE MAIN PROBLEMS INCLUDES UNWANTED HANGING.
this product is not quite good it always gives network problem so i always say never buy this product... bakwas product.
Really disappointed with the product. The battery is pathetic. This is the first time I bought a Micromax product and its very poor. The good thing is the phone is sleek and Apps can be downloaded at ease. Another good point is the beep-less call recorder pre-installed in it. The battery is undoubtedly the most negative aspect of the phone. If I do a full charge at 8 in the morning, it gets discharged by 4 in the evening upon normal use. Furthermore, the MAd message appears every now and then which really annoys.
I bought this phone from Amazon with high hopes.After having read the reviews , I'd felt that this would be worth the money.Sadly , it didn't. This is my opinion about the phone after 7 months of vigorous usage. Pros: 1. It looks awesome. 2. The camera combo (5-5) is good. The camera clarity is decent, though I'm not much of a photographer.The front camera takes pretty cool selfies. 3.The 1.2 Ghz Snapdragon processor which helps you perform basic tasks like messaging with ease... 4.The speaker quality is decent. 5.The pricing is somewhat decent . Cons: 1.THE RAM. Despite the exceptional processor inside , the RAM is so little , that you cannot install too many apps or multitask efficiently without suffering unbearable lags... Like I said , you can only perform basic tasks like messaging. Out of the 512 mb , a large part goes for system applications...the remainder is paltry and is not enough for anyone who likes to play games extensively or try out the latest apps or browse the internet. Other than the preinstalled apps in the device , you can hardly install a couple of extra apps/games.I'm not talking about high end games.I'm talking about simple and basic games like Subway Surfers , Temple Run.Of all such games that I'd tried out...only Hill Climb Racing had zero lag when played at any given hour .The RAM is almost entirely why you shouldn't buy this phone. 2.The battery is pretty weak ....With extensive and heavy usage ,it can be finished in a hour or two. 3.It heats up a lot when used heavily. 4.The operating system(4.2.2 Jellybean) is outdated...No updates available..Trust me . 5.The accessories are of cheap quality and don't last long. Verdict: The RAM lets down the user entirely...Nowadays , phones with over than 1Gb are preferred...Anyone who is an app geek or a serious gamer , or any one who expects their device to provide them seamless performance , will never buy this device. At the most , people who want a phone for simple tasks like calling and messging at a cheap PRICE will be satisfied with this . I'd suggest you stretch your budget a bit more and look out for better phones.( A cheaper and better alternative would be the Zenphone 4)
No spares available. If available , very costly , backed by Super Flop Service. I would never recommend anybody to go for MICROMAX MOBILES.
I have been using this cell phone since may'14. Its good and smoothly working. Its Touch is good,Picture quality is good in comparison to nokia. On this small Price, this phone is not a bad choice. I purchased it from flipkart. The service is really good. Only there is bit problem with the charger.
This mobile is very very bad....... problems are- 1. Hang, everytime. 2. Camera is running so good only for 3 month, after 3 month, camera is fully off...it's not running. 3. It's battery back up is bad, only for 2-3 hours. 4. Internal storage is full anytime without any cause. 5. Problem in charging. Specifications are very good in low price, but performance is very bad....... i am very very very unhappy with this mobile..
Coming straight to point It has Good looks,slim and stylish.Cam 5MP on both sides,3G BT,wifi excellent. It has Bad battery backup,Hangs while playing game,taking videos more than 5min and even while opening some apps like whatsapp and takes 10 to 15 min to recover.MAd app is of no use after twice recharged by only worth 10/- .RAM is not sufficient.Android is not upgradable.
good product @ this price, 5 mp front camera experience is awsome whereas non other mobile can provide at the same price, only thing lack is respons time of touchscreen, feels a bit slow.
Looks bad after some days use.poor batery back up even when net is switched off........................
very good in terms of price range , jut hangs a bit. not useful for gamers . also restore it once before u u start using it .
I'm using this for more than 6 months, bought from flipkart. Thnx to flipkart for timely delivery. Those who don't like Micromax as a brand name, I would like to tell them that this is my 3rd Micromax phone (this one is for my wife, I am using Micromax A90s - again a awesome phone and previously used GC400 as it was a GSM-CDMA phone for almost 4 years without any problem!!) Now about A94 : Superb stylish phone, touch is also very good, nice sound quality, HD (720p) video recording, flash is very power full - so in even complete darkness you will take a clear enough snap. The most amazing app provided with this set is MAd, here you could really earn talk time by just watching adds from micromax ( I got Rs. 150/- in a month - the highest maximum you could get from this app in a month), but for that you have to be connected with net at least every alternative day. The only thing I found not up to the mark is it's battery as usual, which you would not get from any branded or even in hi end smartphones.
awesome going I bought it 6 months ago no defects, going awesome nothing to say about MAd in this range its excellent nothing like anything
Bought it for my Mom for Skype Video calling as its front camera is 5 mega pixel. She is glad using it & more than her I am happy to see her clearly.It an awesome buy trust me. Cheers.
network problem ....please don't buy this , since i purchased from flipkart and the set is of network problem. I have given to customer care from past six months i have not received my phone this brand has been stopped by micromax...stop selling this old damaged phones and cheating flipkart....
Flipkart best in services.... but Ths Micromax Mad A94 is pathetic. I bought two Micromax Mad A94 on 21/4/14 for Rs. 6709 & on 17/4/14 for Rs. 6787 for me and my brother. After receiving, in 2 months, I got problem with camera, while recording of 1-2 minutes, sound used to become scary and it de-synch with video.... I ignored that problem coz my primary requirement was normal usage and not video shooting.... later on my power button stopped working.... phone used to hang frequently... But situation become worst when phone got switched off due to discharged battery and it didnt start. It was in warranty period, so I approached Micromax Authorised Service Center. Without checking anything, they said, software needed to be updated and phone MAY start and I wud lose all data.... No options left.... they updated software, phone didnt start,, then new story to keep phone for 10 days with them... after ten days, my phone got repaired but never got satisfied the way it worked. Now looking for new phone.... The story doesnt end here,, now my brother's problem has same problem and without checking anything, they formatted the phone by saying software update... God knows it will recover good or not... I recommend GOOD BRANDS like Nokia, Sony where they use perfect hardware softwares. may be they would charge more for less facility, but what they give, they give best..... Irony is that I bought both phones on EMIs .... now EMIs are running and I have to purchase new phones...
Hangs very often. ANOTHER poor product from Micromax. A subject of patience test. And that Advertisements before every call, makes it more irritating.
I have had a very bad experience with this Brand Micromax, the phone i bought had Camera problem after 4 months and when I went to Micromax center they even cheated me after waiting of more than 1 month they returned me mobile with sticker of my phones serial no. but actually it was an other set, Don't buy it , Don't Buy it, micromax is a cheater. I m giving them 0 star.
Best phone in its price tag....... thanks to flipkart got my delivery within 2 days..... checked the price on local stores it was 7800/- but i purchased it from flipkart for 6786/-..... it can play 1080p videos upto 30fps ....has a great gpu can run all the high end game in high quality....quad core processor works buttery smooth..... Ram is 512mb but usable ram is good enough to run all the apps smoothly...so Ram is not a issue...... battery backup is good....as u cant expect to run android phones for 3 days.......so why to spend 15k on samsung and sony when u can get better than this in 7kI
its a nice phone with all features but internal memory s tooo low.... :( and it supports all applications and camera quality s too good especially front camera..
The phone is really good and that to for the price tag, only thing is battery goes down a little to early for my liking otherwise its good :)
Very good product... Initially, i had minor issues with this phone. But it is working fine now.. It will be good phone for new smart phone users...
I bought this phone on Sep 28th 2014 First the Touch response is not very responsive. The Battery is very bad it easily drains within 4 hrs without use of Wi-fi any Games. The Authorised service centre says use the phone in GSM Mode. Now i feel in future never go for this brand again.
The phone is pretty good .One of the best phones available in this price range. Camera quality is pretty good.The display quality is good too. phones is built quality is good. The phone shows some lag after installing too many apps and the battery backup is not that impressive(1 day) but installing battery doctor solve this prob to a extent. Loud speaker its pretty good .headphones sound quality is avg.over all am happy with this phone.Cant expect much more from a 6k phone.
Awesome mobile, met all my expectation that too within my budget. Recommended for selfie lovers. 5MP front and rear camera makes it attractive and price worthy. Worthy gift for your family or friends.
we have purchased two micromax Mad A94. We have problems in both the phones. Both of the phones has been given to the service center since last two months. We are not able to receive it back after two months. Service of Micromax is very bad. Dont Buy Micromax Mobiles. Flipkart is also not helping in this regard.
It is very cool.........It is good and easy to use. it looks very nice it can carry easlier and very useful
its a superb product, been using it for past 5 months... perfect it is... screen quality is fine, smooth performance, no lag, camera quality is also good, in all a good product from micromax
Since purchase the mobile has been frequently visiting the Service Center. The battery when charged for any number of hours showed only 36% then the Touch failed After Servicing the battery is not charging at all now the hadset is again at the service centre. I have to run to the city (hyderabad) every week to check for the status.
I bought micromax A94 before 3 mnths,but now i facing problem on camera.it's not working properrly,whenever i go to the customer service ,they always return me... it's captured picture quality also not good,,(LESSthan 500kb) HEY GUYS ,,,,,DON'T MAKE MISTAKE BUYING THIS PRODUCT,.
I bought micromax A94 from flipkart. This is very bad product. Withnin 4 monts from date of purchasing I am facing problem with this product. I went to Micromax Service Center and always their executive return me and told come to next 2-3 days.Parts of this product is not avialable. For one service I have to go 3 times. I will never purchase any micromax product in future and you should also not purchase any micromax product
i have used it for more than four months now. it is overall a good product. it hangs while gaming after 1 month of use. Display is good, most importantly 1080p videos play without any issue. almost all video formats are supported. If you are a gamer than dont buy this. for normal use thisd is a good phone. Also it available at much less price now..... cons: 512 Mb RAM and 1.68 GB internal memory.
Flipkart- This site service is good. I am buy Micromax Mad A94 and within 2 days I will get this. After getting the product a am facing some problem in my hand set so I will inform to flipkart and they will replace my product as per promised. Micromax Mad A94- 1. Looking phone 10/10. 2. Both site camera is very good 9/10. 3. Internet surfing speed is good 8/10. 4. Sound quality is also good 7/10. 5. Battery quality is not so good. If use 1 - 2 hr continuously ph. charge is low. And battery backup not so good. This is not cover 24 hr. This is the only drawbacks. I will give you 5/10.
Overall performance is above expected, Except the same display issues of Micromax & Camera too dull photos. Playing HD movies without any hiccups. faster speed Micromax please improve ur camera quality ( 5MP is lesser clear than Samsung's 3MP )
Pros - Benefits of a SMart Phone. Is responsive to apps. Cons - The voice quality is not good. Overall - 8/10.
stylish look but very slow , poor touch screen sensitivity and poor service . Don't buy this phone.completely useless
NEVER PURCHASE ANY MICROMAX MOBILE PHONE BECAUSE DO GIVE SERVICE AND ALSO MANUFACTURING DEFECT IN THEIR MOBILE HANDSET
GREAT PHONE UNDER 6300 HAVING GOOD QUALITY OF FRONT & REAR CAMERA... USEFUL FOR GAMING AND MORE OVER APP- IS HELPFUL TO REEDEM OUR CASH BACK
Except for the battery the fon is a good buy ... the battery part also resolved with the help of open market battery saver app.
RAM & the quality of touch screen makes this phone a bad choice. There are several other phones in the same range to be chosen above this. Please do not buy if you love performance.
Bought this product, Flipkart delivery is good, Cons : Phone gives problem like sometimes it is switched off automatically. Everyday I should charge the phone for 3 hrs, phone battery backup is very bad. Headphone is not good. Pros : Camera is good.
I got this smartphone in less than 12 hours. Great service by Flipkart. I haven't checked the phone. But looks everything great to me.
its been two weeks since i got my fone..it works just fine..camera is good...most of the games are working perfectly..lag occurs sometimes but its negligible ...if u are looking for a smartfone at this price go for this at once
Mobile - Micromax Mad A94, no network coverage in full network area. Submitted the mobile in Micromax authorized service center. They told it goes to company takes 45 days. Request no. W030444 0814 11451999.
If you want an android smart phone in reasonable price then you can buy this without any hesitation. This product is just like a gem. You can compare it with any costly branded mobile just like HTC, Samsung etc.
You wont regret buying this product from flipkart.. good services and the product itself has interesting features...
DUE TO ITS RAM 512 MB, IT DOES NOT PERFORM (ACCES OR DOWNLOAD DATA) FAST AS COMPAIRED TO IT'S OTHER MODEL HAVING RAM 1.00GB RAM. I HAVE EXPERIENCED A VERY LAZY PERFORMANCE WITH THIS PHONE WHICH MAKE ME CRAZY. SUGGEST NOT TO BUY THIS MODEL THAT IS HAVING LOW RAM.
Product received within time. Product reached safely to my house. Very good phone with lesser cost. Both cameras are very good. Applications installed are working properly . Screen guard good. Sound quality normal.But if you want louder you cant expext that much. Overall this phone is very very good.You can buy straightly without hesitation.
Touch is not very good , you will feel as you are using key pad not a touch phone , i have to press hard to make it work.
I bought this mobile 3 days before mobile is very nice look is awesome good Camera quality is too good. Overall Awesome but battery Back-up is very bad...
A decently priced phone, but this model has battery issues and instability. After using for a month, it has failed to help in time of need, as it randomly gets switched off and not switching on again for a very long time.
1. 4.5 inch display is good 2. 1.2 GHz quad core processor and a 512 MB of RAM. 3. Android Jelly Bean 4.2. plat form 4. primary & 2ndry camera, having flash support 5. 3g, bluetooth, wifi,usb, gps, dual sim, & 1.2 GHz quad core processor this is a very good combination but vidio player support only 3GP, MP4, HD
I have bought this phone on 24th july, 2014.Poor delivery service by flipkart as i received my phone after standard delivery date. Apart from delivery, I spent 1 week on this phone and observe: PROS: 1.Very stylish and glossy. 2.Very good and smooth touch. 3. Both cameras are working fine providing good quality images. 4. 3G is working fine. 5. Dead trigger, subway surfer, temple run 2 games are running without lag. 6. You can play HD videos smoothly. CONS: 1. Battery is not good. If you are working with internet or playing games it lasts around 9-12 hours only. 2. 1 GB RAM should be provided as 512 mb ram is not suitable for quadcore processor. Overall, in this budget you can go for this phone.
This product is very prestigious and reasonable price. Then i easily purchasee without taking outside seller. These are the positive things. At the same time, this is first time for me i purchase this type of smart phone. I struggle many time for using this. So please arrange the demo through video captures or other way of teaching. Because all the products are good if it is user friendly one. So please arrange the product demo through person or other methods. Thanking you.
I bought this phone looking at the specs which are nice for the price. Also like the whay it looks however the touch absolutely sucks. Its very very bad.
Amazing Phone working soo fast camara is sooo good Micromax has named this phone right. MAd. This phone's features are unbelievable in comparison to its price. This also indicates that the race to produce bigger and bigger hardware is coming to an end, and the race to produce greatest hardware in the least price is starting up. That time is not far when a 6,000 rupees phone will provide all the features of a 12,000 rupees phones of today. Micromax is going to and fro while producing the smartphones. It started off with very less priced phones, then moved to the Canvas series, then is again concentrating on the lower price territory. Now users can easily go for this phone without worrying about weak specifications, which was the trademark of the phones in this price range. Before I start the review, I would like to let you know that Micromax MAd A94 is available online at Rs.6,299
I am using this phone for 2 months, my previous phone was HTC desire V. Pros: Performance ( much better than my old HTC desire) 5 MP FRONT camera Sleek design Mad application - you can earn rupees while making calls , this is much useful during the weekend & casual calls Boot time is too quick This can challenge the 10-15000 Samsungs & HTCs. As I am concerned, I am not ready to pay 5000 or 10000 extra for ONLY brand name. :-) Updates as on Nov3: after 4 months of usage, this phone never turned on. micromax replaced with a brand new phone to me :-). but i waited for 2 months to get a replacement. they didnot asked any questions , just checked it for a period and replaced Cons: Not many ( keep this price in mind) 4.5 inch => not compact for your shirt pocket Sometimes you wont get points from Mad ( only some times)
the most attractive and good thing i found was its 5 mp rear camera as well as front .It doesn't hang while working with many apps and playing game ram is bit less 512 but fone runs very smoothly ,speakers are ok ,i didn't find any problem in fone. People say this don't have this that n that but comebon its not i phone or 30,000 rupees fone and i found it gd in all my criterion. overall review i would like to say this fone is worth spending money and is best in its category and best for selfie lovers.
i have purchase this product for my sis she is happy to get ithas all the functions and ram rom all fists class plzz purchase it as soon as possible i love it..
I purchase this mobile in the month of April through Flipkart.Mobile is okay for its rate but battery back up is just 8 hrs only.not only that processing the applications are also slow. Camera pixel is also not that much of 5MP.
Phone is worth buying in this price point the only problem is some time touch is not working have to lock and unlock the phone every time when touch is not working over all its gud and camera quility is also gud not best.
Really having fun with Micromax MAd A94. User friendly, Easy to keep in the pocket. really fast comparing to other older mobile don't like to mention the brand of that. I got stylish leather pouch to it. Best mobile for fun & official Arun Gollpallli... :)
I like Indian Brands not videsi maal...nice phone in use. 3G run nicely and other application work well. I like it....batary back up is 1 day...
Micromax mad a94 is a good mobile.i buy from flipkart on 29 jun.canera is superfine.battery beckup is low.but its sufficient.i advice to buy this phone ......................................................................................................... ...........................
i am very glad to use micromax mad. it is best in budget, its front and rear camera quality is great, also supports much application. Thanx for micromax n flipkart is ossom, i got delevery in five days.....
a very nice phone has a good camera. the only problem is that the ram is less.a good processor and a stylish look.
Not really happy with the product. The device was not sensitive at the boders. don't know if thats the issue with all the pieces or particularlly this one. other than this rest was fine. the delivery was timely as always.
Hi all, I am Ravikant Singh. First of all I appreciate Flipkart for their quick service. I ordered the phone on Jul 1, 2014 and got it delivered on Jul 2, 2014 by 2 pm. What I didn't like: 1. Signal tower color. 2. Signal doesn't remain powerful forever. In Delhi metro it gets lost most of the time. 3. Little worried about call quality. (Will update soon once I test it fully) What I liked: 1. Apparently everything. price, looks, size, cam, processor, Ram (512 is enough coz Quadcore processor overcomes this problem). 2. Temple Run2 and high end games without any glitch. 3. Smooth touch 4. Graphics is good for HD vids also. I am going to update this review soon. Till then I'd suggest go ahead and purchase it if you want.
Awesome phone at best price, 5 MP primary and secondary camera are good. Good battery backup. Nice looks.. very hardy
superb design, nice battery life, though display is poor, camera quality is ok..at the end its good to buy this phone if your budget is tight.
Prompt delivery...best quality....excellent customer service...great product....no.1 site...Good finish n awesome look.....touch is good....modem is very good....
This mobile from micromax has good quality with reasonable price. Processor is decent with good display quality. Android platform makes it more attractive. Worth the price.
I bought t his phone in yesterdey.very good delivary service by flipkart.this phone is good by its cheap price.quad-core processer and ram only 512mb.display is good..bt some small settings is missing in the phone yet it have the latest android jellybean 4.2.2 overall the is good by its price.
An awesome product!! It never hangs..Internet speed s also good..Its so gud for 6.4k..Supports almost all kind of apps!! Only 1 disadvantage-battery s taking too long to charge other than that its just cool :)
First of all Flipkart service is again excellent. In time with good packaging. . As per product concern its just 1 out of 5 Battery Back up is disaster as I have to charge it thrice a day (With Internet). I also have Nokia C5 with last long above three days (internet always on) Touch is quite good but sometimes does not response in one tap. Camera is good for outdoor only. Rest it just time pass. U can go with Moto E instead of this
This phone is best in its range of 6.5k. The delivery was excellent ,in 36 hours . the product which i got has some problems .:- ~if its gps is turned on qnd used for sometime say 30 min. And than closed, after that it shows that gps is closed but if i look into "battery use" in setting menu than it shows that the gps is still consuming the battery and it shows that gps is never turned off since its execution. As a result i have to restart my phone to correct it. But if u again open gps than again the same thing is observed. ~the second thing is the problem with the back button at bottom right corner . if i click even 2inches forward of back button on the screen than also it accept it as back button ,specially on the extreme right.that's a problem. Rest all is as specified.
Tremendous service by flipkart... Trust worthy orgn. Mobile was gifted to my mom who stays in a different city and she s very happy abt it. I couldn't know much abt the functioning and i guess all s well functionally. :-) i got a combo of scratch guard for this and it turn up that good for the price of 130/-. Flipkart and seller pls take care of this in future. This is y am giving 4*; else 5* for sure
hi I just went through the Mad A 94 which out put is hopeless . Internet speed too slow as compare the the given feature in mobile its nothing but a loss of money..
first the Video Recording Yes, 720 x 1280 second the Auto Focus, Flash Support third the Internal 1.5 GB for Mass Storage and 700 MB for Apps Installation fourth the 512 MB RAM, 4 GB ROM fiveth the 3G , 21 Mbps HSDPA; 5.76 Mbps HSUPA then the allredy instal Apps MAd Call App, MAd, Spuul, Hike, Bubble X Slice, Dancing Bubbles, BBM 1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and 6 months warranty for in the box accessories and at last Android v4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) OS thanx n regards pRaSeNjEeT
the shopping experience was great with flipkart i found this product at the lowest price. mobile still working great . very happy
Flipkart is fast in delivering the product. But i am not satisfied with the product. Mainly with sound, speakers are not good
Excellent Phone 5MP Camera on Front and Rear. Micromax provides the very best phone at lowest rate with all features. Flipkart does a excellent transition.
using from 2 months, awesome phone, great camera, good ips display... over all awesome phone, but only one lag battery backup is poor its drain very fastly if u use internet, but in standby mode it run nice 1 and a half day ............... i gave this phone 5 star :-)
I received this phone on 9th June this year, and I am having a great experience using it. The loudspeaker can be improved. There were also some problems with the screen guard I received, and I had to purchase a new one. The phone is also a bit slow, and its RAM is low. But I found only these drawbacks in Micromax A94. The camera quality is excellent. The touch is as good as Samsung and Sony. Its damn cheap for such a smartphone, and I will opt for Micromax the next time too. From my side, I will recommend it.
I had purchased Micromax A94 with in a day guarantee and as agreed its delivered on the day and working fine too without any issue s am a frequent purchaser of flipkart
Phone is good. The touch is not so good. The back screen gets a lot of scratches. Performance is good. Till now have received no problems in any games.
Nice, Good, Excellent,Superb Product ........................................................ ..........................
NOT GOOD IN USAGE . MICROMAX THIRD CLASS SERVICE TO END USER. NOTHING GOOD IN MICROMAX . 0 MARKS TO MICROMAX
I have ordered this product at 11-june-2014 and receive at 13-june-2014. Thanks for flipkart for its fastest service and guide for choosing this product. after using that i can say that this product is very good in lower budget. 5MP camera is amazing in both side. Quad core processor work very smooth touch is also good. Cons- RAM should have been 1GB
I purchased this phone for my friend and its very nice phone with luxurious look. Only the problem is due to 512 RAM its works little slow sometimes. But both the cameras are awesome. I will definitely recommend who have a budget of Rs. 7000
For internet: 1.Tethering & poratble hotspot......available 2. Bluetooth tethering.........available
* Cemera is good & Flash * Display super * Mobile design smart * Touch is very Bad Not support some games * Wifi signal received strength also bad signal * Flipkart flipkart service is NICE
i use this cell phone but after 15 days its camera not working .i went to service center they don't had camera in stock .last week they return my cell phn i dn't know wht the change in my phn.
I'm searching of a good mobile in a medium range.First I see Samsung mobiles their budget is high for good features.Then I search on Flipkart Micromax mobiles I see this model I am happy with priceandfeatures.ThenI place order.Hardware is excellent 1.2 GH quad core CPU.512 mb ram.front rear camera 5mp.it canplay1080p videos smoothly with pen drive through otg support.excellent phone.performance is superb.don't go to low review.Micromax is making good with more features in low price.I recommend this mobile to who wants more feature in less price.In the end I say great phone with great features
Hey Anyone who is watching my mobile review pls buy this mobile I thought this can't be so good in such a low price but it's real market value is 10,000 It is even written on the mobile box
No doubt about the mobile. much better than sony / samsung for the price and build quality. camera is good quality
i am using this for 1 week. its a very good phone. its camera is so clear with only 5 mp camera and touch pad is also awesome. games also runs very smoothly. it is also very stylish. i love this phone very much. its my dream phone.I do not thing any phone is better than this phone within a price of RS.6100
best phone at very low price, highly recommended this product if u want to get high features at low price
It's a memorable experience for me with this phone. In past, I used Blackberry curve 9360, I was new to the android at the time of buying this product. Now, it has stolen my heart and worth buying....Working nice. Battery as usual as other android phones......1 day maximum on full charge...Overall 5 star rating for this product. Thanks to Flipkart for providing this product at low cost....I strongly recommend this product for the buyers who are in the range of 6000 to 10000.....
This phone is not at all good. The lower end and the upper end of the touchscreen does not work in any of mad a94. Top of that the phone restarts on its own according to its wish and wastes alot of time. After calling flipkart for 4 days we get a pickup Very bad service.
I am very happy with this phone, its awesome!! if you are looking for a phone under 7k this is the best phone available in the market compared to other brands, Temple run 2, Subway surfer, Real Steel, Gun ship battle, etc..... runs without any lags. Simply go for it without any hesitation. And thanks to filpkart for its amazing delivery within a day.
Truly imaging service experience from flipkart so far when it comes to process the order. Its not the first time I experience such a great delivery experience, but this time I could not stop myself to endorse Flipkart. Product delivered in just Well done, please keep up the great service.
worst company new phone but memory card port is not working and also worst service fro flipkart.....here after i wont buy any thing from flipkart.....toooooo bad service
Fully Paisa Wasool Item.Thnx to Flipkart for the fast delivery..................................!!! Great sleek looks with an amazing sound quality. Camera quality quite good and resolution is awesome............................................
Battery quality is not good. LCD quality really good. But in this price compare to other Brand it is worth to buy.
A piece of art.. wonderful stylish and over all superb value for money. Very nice handset with all the features that u need. Only two issues I felt, zoom function makes the pixels burst and blurr the whole picture be it still or vdo. typing and processing speed is little slow which may pinch the regular users. For new comers on android or touch s reen its good as they need time to adjust to touch screen. A perfect gift for every body. I wud recommed it 100% after using it for last 15days. And hats off to flipkart for super aftrr sales service.
i purchased it last week from flipkart. I am happy with the product and the price, the options in the mobile is good.
i bought MAd A94 through Flipcart and delivered to me on 7/6/2014. After full charge as per instruction, the set was switched on to check features and soon the battery charge level fell from full to 38%. Even today three times the cell is charged. Unfortunately the battery discharges even in idle position. set build no.A94_Ind_R09_20140424
micromax mad a94 is a good android phone and apps runs smoothly on it. camera is pretty good. battery life is little bit disappointing. it is not good for gaming. 512 mb ram is not satisfied. touch is so good that it works vert smoothly.5 mp front cam is the best i ever used. wi fi download speed is good. big screen very usefull and viewing angles is good. full hd videos videos runs very smoothly without any laggs. micromax mad a94 is very good phone for the first time android users
I Bought this phone on 28th may , no delays on perfect time got on 30th may , kongo flipkart .....bought it with a flipcover also....got that the same time.... Pros :- 1.Primary camera and secondry camera r brilliant ...flash 2 .... 2. games like temple run , subway surf work without lagging but sometimes subway surf lags... 3.Touch is good... 4. sleek , stylish , big screen , beautiful design....liked it 5. Videos 720 p , 1080 play without lagging ! 6. earphone is quite gud.. Cons :- 1. Touches in the corners r not gud .....doesnt affect games.... 2. Battery drains like a bottle with a hole... if u r a gamer it might affect u .. 3. heats up when played a lot... 4. if you are a gamer like me u gotta charge the mobile twice a day ... that's it i think .... Overall Conclusion : its gud phone if u want to buy a phone under 6.5 k surely go for this best at its price ... if u want a gud camera take dis..... i guess i was helpful ..... THANKS FOLKS!
Everything is going well with my Mad A94.Best buy for Those who makes video call.No other phone will give camera specification like this at this Range. Batery is a little concern but Overall A94 is a good buy..NO need to mention about flipkart service as its always outstanding..cheers
Best mob in 6000 range Battery backup is for 2 days Resolution of display is comparable to 20000 mobile 512 RAM works fine Camera is very good sharp image with flash and auto focus Flip kart is the cheapest as this mob is available in local market not less than 7000 Best product from flip kart
I had bought Micromax mad a94 through flipkart. The mobile is very good. The front camera is a best asset to this mobile. You cant get this 5 mp front camera even for 9000. We can play games with interruption. but, the inbuilt memory for the apps is only 700 mb but we can move it to micro sd which is supporting upto 32GB. The battery capacity is a little bit less which makes to recharge daily if you use internet or playing games. It can play HD videos upto 720 px. The movies can be viewed directly even it is .mkv file. The MAd application in this mobile is a very very very good app to earn recharge. We cant earn recharge as fast as this app.
IDEA sim doesn't support . this mobile .otherwise good this mobile .camera good .music player good . wifi often disconnect and connected .....disconnected and connected.....
Hiiii.... I have taken one day delivery and surprisingly flipkart delivered the same within a day..... it was amazing..... About the phone it is superb.... what a display quality... camera is also good.... games are running well..... 2g & 3g both working well.... sound.... network quality are also good.... only problem is battery..... is should be little better. However overall the phone is awesome.
I haven't bought this phone but I am taking my time off to warn people, sharing my experience I have had with the company. I own A90 flagship device Microsux, in 11 month the microphone stopped working so I gave it to the service center and was sent back to the company. I got it back after much fighting only after 3 months to learn that the mic has NOT been fixed and the phone mother board has been changed to A90s and flashed with a version of android which feels Chinese, the phone is semi-dead now, I use it as a router. I learned that A90 was originally manufactured by Geonee, whom I called out of curiosity and learned that the phone wasn't serviced by them because they are not in contract with these guys. I have documented this event if in case you wanna see the proof.
People, i got this phone on replacement of karbon a 27 plus, what a phone it is! pros: crystal clear LCD screen, fast prosser camera ek dum faduuu n main the battery, awesome! will work a full day with normal use, charging with less time then others, cons: need more power in fingers, to press the touch keypad, i don't know why but it is there. so i am happy with this phone with little sad about touch keypad, well i am happy with this phone.
dear friends I m using this phone since around one months and then only posting review of phone. except ram 0f 512 mb everything goes on plus side. but in 6k range its irreplaceable.
Acually its a awesome phone but the RAM plays the main role while playing games and higher apps. Otherwise the other features like the Front and back 5 MP cam and a tough strong body for like very frequent mobile droppers wud enjoy this phone a lot.. Suprisingly good battery back up but the touch is not as that of IPhone or Galaxy S series but is for sure among the HTC ones ... The most worrying part of he phone is the AD app and the interconnection capability with WIFI and Hotspots .. A very very Good 3g speed never experienced that even in 5s somthing little lesser than NEXUS 5
I bought this phone for my dad, with a 4.5" Hi Res display he is very happy with it. The design(shape) is a bit new and unique so we like it. The only down part is internal memory and RAM. Also, there is no face unlock in it despite running on jelly bean. However, we still love it thanks to 5 MP front camera. with the quad core processor it makes skype an excellent experience.
as per price criteria its one of very good device i am using mad94 its both came 5mp great look..only ram capacity low otherwise its cool great device....u cant find out 699 rupay ds type device realy good device i given **** star
I used Micromax mad a94 it truly not satisfied me even I requested a replacement and get another new piece but have the same problem, charging problem and connectivity problem as well, this device niether charged nor connected with my pc so, thats a very bad experience to buy this device, and I request everyone who read my reviews dont take any risk to get Mad a94
i bought it for my brother..i used it for couple of days and im impressed with the performance and camera. i will say absolutely no LAG. At this price you can get a better phone at this price. i was about to buy moto e.. but chose this one and im really satisfied.
hi tends I m Sandip .....I m writing this review after using this phone for a week....... the Flipkart service is goo......first when I got this phone it can't grab any network after ....now abo that I replace this phone.....now about phone.....it is the best phone in this price camera is good processor is good .... all the games like subway surfer;temple run etc. runs smoothly ...best Best best phone in this price...
Touch is not working properly, battery backup is decent but phone hangs a lot and not even able to play temple run 2 properly. I raised a complaint again.
Amazing ... receiving more than expecting... Once again Micromax proves its word... Thanks to Micromax and Flipkart
touchpad is not working properly and camera is ok ok game are running smothly specially temple run and sub way
When i received new one, sim was not deducting. Flipkart replaced that with the new one. Later unlock button is not working. Overall the cell phone model is not good
Outside of the mobile looks premium and good design.Quad core processor shows the best site performance. The camera quality is rich with 5 MP rear n front cam the application like skype and video calling gives the satisfactory results with 720p of hd recording with excellent quality. MAD application makes this phone unique. Best for teenagers who run out of balance. Though touch could been better....
it is working well compare to other low budget mobile. some times it is hangout.. view to RAM ....i give a suggestion to if u want to buy a mobile in the range of 6000 /- below it is good product
I brought this cell from Flipkart for 6300/-. its awesome in this price. Ultimate Wow phone I brought this cell from Flipkart for 6300/-. its awesome in this price. Ultimate Wow phone I brought this cell from Flipkart for 6300/-. its awesome in this price. Ultimate Wow phone I brought this cell from Flipkart for 6300/-. its awesome in this price. Ultimate Wow phone I brought this cell from Flipkart for 6300/-. its awesome in this price. Ultimate Wow phone I brought this cell from Flipkart for 6300/-. its awesome in this price. Ultimate Wow phone
have bought this phone on 28th April,2014 from flipkart at a price of 6426. I have spent hours on the phone and now writing the actual pros and cons of this phone.
I have bought this phone for my friend on 23rd May 2014. I get the item on hand within 1 day. I have spent few time on the phone and now I am really happy with all the features I have seen so far.
nice mobile and it has wifi and 5mp camara on back and front and it is easy to use and it is user friendly
Very light weight and good looking and you can't expect quad core at this range. Mad app is great and games runs smoothly without lag Screen is very bright and responsive
KaRBONN PHONES IS THE BEST EVER...... MICROMX IS TOTaL WaSTE. NO BaTTERY BCK UP, VERY VERY POOR BUILD . IF IT FaLLS ITS GONE. SO PLEaSE BUY KaRBONN. MMX GO ND DIE U GUD FOR NOTHING CHEaTERTS
since i started my mobile , network is not coming . i don't know how is the mobile and how it will work in future. let see two days more, then i would like to return it . n flipkart i m very disappointed of our service.
i have been using this phone 4 about 10 days now.. hasn't showed any major defect .. gt a little problem related to d phone's mic earlier but gt it solved by updating the phone's s/w.. other than that, RAM which is just 512 MB ( a little than what is to be xpected in such a product ) .. this is a fantastic product .. itz a really good buy guys :)
Not worth buying, battery drains in 2-3 hrs of normal usage and touch is not responsive. Camera seems ok but lags a lot. stay away
It is a good phone for the price. But Quality of display screen is not good. Its touch/ sensor is good. All other features are excellent
Very good phone...Amazing features....Love the camera & display...Sound quality is also nice....Best Budget phone...
Flipkart very is super fast delivery system.... Mad:........ Worth for this cost.... small defect..... processor is quad core but ram is 512... what is this..... very bad ..... moreover is good...
I got it just 2 days b4 only........ excellent product.... camera so good clarity....... I recommended to everyone....& personally i like micromax products.......BUDGET MOB. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Once again Thank u flipkart..... very nice customer service. :)
As per the expectation product packing and delivery was fast and hassel free. Product is working fiine till now. Its nice to shop with you guys when product is from WS store.
Get a smartphone in low price, it will get out of order in 1-2 months, once you give it to service center to repair, they wont be able to repair even in 4-6 months. So if someone just wants to use a phone for 1-2 months and take headache thereafter go for micromax else go for Nokia, Samsung, HTC, Sony or even LG, Spice and intex works better than micromax. I purchased A-92 and the same has happened to me. I just have only option to throw this phone away.
The Micromax mad smartphone that i have delivered is not in good condition. It has a issue of screen. The screen is out from its place from bottom. I want to change this one. How i can get a replacement of this smartphone.
First i want to thanks flipkart for delivery within 24 hours and giving the phone at a very low price(in other stores its priceis greater than 7k) .. The phone looks very good easy to hold the both side 5 megapixel autofocus camera is its key feature because in many high end phones we are not able to see front camera with auto focus.
IVe just Ordered My Micromax a94, I dont belive it has both 5MP Camera. It Is so cheap and It is Best.
i m using dis phone since 2 months .phone is obsolutely superb. although it's ram is 512 yet i never feel the prob of hang or lag due to quad core . camera is superb in day light while ok in night. front 5mp camera is awesome. ips lcd display is like hd display. overall phone is awesome.
i bought it a few days ago....and il say its a gr8 buy....the only thing it lacks is a better RAM...512RAM doesnt seem enuf fr this device....all other qualities are gr8.....and the battery may drain a lil faster.....but still its enuf fr the day.....it has a look of 12k+ phone....voice output is gr8(speaker and headphones)....touch is f9 too.... both cameras are equally good....n auto focus in the frnt camera is sumthng dat will make ur frnds envy u...if they cud hav provided a better RAM for few more bucks...this cud hav been the best phone below 10K....i guess its still the best phone below 7k-8k....wid this price u shud stil go fr it.....worth the buy...btw it also supports high end games...on a sclae of 10 wud rate it 8.5+..not 9 :-p gud luck :-)
With Motorola launching moto e the market for mircomax is dwindling again unless it quickly revives its position by better offer. ========== Moto e- Specs ========== Price- Rs 6,999 OS- Kit-kat RAM- 1 GB Processor- 1.2 Ghz, dual core, Camera- 5 MP Power- 1980 MAh ** no rear Camera wifi hotspot though
Just want to say far better than lava iris beautiful design would rate 5/5 on basis of price and hardware. well have just bought it. If there will be any problem will let you know straight forward.
I Bought this phone on 22th april 2014. I would like to review this phone from my point of views First of all battery backup is sooo bad Need at least 1 GB RAM For best performance Some Time The Phone is getting very hot status bar is like china phone and last but not the least this phone has signal problem
I bought this phone a months ago and since then all the problems which I faced were only because of Micromax's Customer Care working unit's laziness since I got the screen broken the other day I bought it and they took !0 days to get it repaired. This phone doesn't give any software or working related problems. The only things I hated were it's battery consumption and the way its screen shattered by falling just from my pocket's height where phones like Nokia would only endure a mere scratch. Rest, it's all good with it. It's recommendable because of it's low price and the features it provides.
purchased in last month, delivered on time, totally satiesfied. super speed .. no problem with 512 MB ram. and most important thing is after sale service is good. you can locate micromax service center in your nearest area.
I have been using the phone for 3 days straight now. It is great. It is fast and high profile games like subway surfers play without any hitches. The OS is great. The phone is very light and slim. The cameras are great. The battery backup is good. I used it straight for 4 hours while listening to songs and playing games. Flipkart delivered it within one and a half day.
Best in the Price range of 6000-7000 . Cool IPS Display Quad Core had Good Speed. Nice Music Quqlity I can go for one more to My wife
the battery dies out very soon (within 3hrs). otherwise its a good phone for this range. the apps are really good. my problem is just with the battery. i dont regret buying it except for the battery issue. i wont suggest it for heavy users and those who loves playing games.
I purchased Micromax Mad A 94 mobile on 6-5-2014 from Flip Kart. But the mobile is not good in features. Voice is not clear and is very low. I was shocked to see that there is only one in built ring tone. I am very sad with this product. Piara Singh
Handset look is gud...the battery perfomance is very bad..handset get hot while charging ....handset hangs from the right beginning of using ...overal perfomance is bad....camera is of a chinese phone... I just saw it in one of my colleagues hand it was very good he bought it from outside shop 1 month back..so flipkart is selling duplicate things i suppose..the colleague had lots of apps installed and it was working smooth without hanging..so factory seconds being sold on flipkart .We cannot rely on Micromax even as its chinese phone just sold by an Indian Company..so just the earlier models are fine else rest is their duplicate items inside.
they replaced my product just because of the battery problem, without any arguments or anything. very good service from flipkart. mobile is also good. but buy it only form flipkart.
I purchase it for my Parents only for video chats . So it is working fine, and as per the price it is really good. if you no longer use the front camera with the 3g support then go for other ones, else at this price it is good
this is a class fone simply you can do anything at the highest class other than gaming . its quad core processor eats up a lot of ram .music is classic in this phone , same with the camera it can capture 720p videos . Video playback and picture quality of the device is awesome it can play 1080p videos very easily . touch is super fine when your fingers are clean but feels like rubber when dirty or sweaty overall this is a best fone you can get at this price .
I used this Handset from last two moths....it has good fetures and give good performance.. it has RAM 512 which is not good enough so it was hang 2 times.. it contain one good inbuilt MAD app with this u can get recharge.... so its good option for user to buy this handset in RS 7000 range...
Decent phone at this price, camera is good specially front 5mp good snap. Touch is not that much responsive when you compared to phones above Rs:10000/- If you are not into gaming then this phone is good. Else search another phone. Can't play Riptide 2(very slow), basic games are playable. Can handle apps with no issues.
This device is a best buy in this price. Camera quality is too good and speed of phone is awesome with the quad core processor. It is a very good product . Thanks to Micromax
MadAd is really the best in this price range. The battery life is very good and the phone itself looks very grand. I don't have any issues in any way. For an average game play, browsing and general regular usage of phone this is the best one to go for. Video quality is toooo good. But the still photos are not soo satisfactory. But ok. other than this I don't find any -ve feature.
I can say this is one of the best device at this price. Camera should have been little better and operating system lags a lot most of time, may be due to only 512MB RAM
This is All time cheapest best smartphone according feature. camera,graphs,screen size,battery backup is pretty good. Thanks to Micromax and Flipkart
the phone has some signal problem......the signal will stuck repeadetley we have to repeteadly.... better to take it to service center they will make it work fine by some software settings.... its will finely works now there some audio small re-sound .nothing to worry about it... remaining all are excellent touch is fine camera is good processor is super ram little bit low compared to others but working very well battery is well when u make it in power saver options
I liked this phone and especially the Mad app which gives free recharge. This phone is convenient to use and camera is best...
After three days useage her's my review:(watch expert review here-http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZURcHISghg). Cons: 1:The batter backup is really poor.After 10 minutes of wifi use-age the battery dropped about 10-15%. 2.The phones gets really heated up after 15mins of angry birds gameplay. 3.This is a quad core phone and with 512mb ram you just can utilize it so just doesn't make any sense . 4.Sound out put is bad. Pros: 1: 5mp back and front camera which clicks decent-good pics depending upon light conditions. 2.Good looks. 3.HD videos play flawlessly 4.Good viewing angles and IPS display. I really regretted buying this from a local store at 8000.But priced at 6500Rs its really a good competitor in the market you can even look into xolo phones which gives far better performance in this price range but not so good with the camera and other features.
im using this mobile past 20days display or camera goog but temple run and subway run and lot of games is hanging too much ram is too low
I bought it few days Back And I am Using it since the Last few Days But I gotta say I am Dissappointed with this Phone Pros: Good Display Camera IS decent battery is Decent Cons: Touch Misses Like hell I am Getting issues with Gaming,Semi high end games Stucks In between then They Get closed automatically and phone returns to home screen Music on Speakers Is poor
They used very low quality materials. When you talk the voice blots and difficult to understand. Just in one day i found this defect, god knows what is there in store for me :(. Ear phones suck. Rest the phone looks ok.
a phone which can play high quality games under 8000 rs the best under 8000 rs i am using the phone from last two months the quality of the camera is also good the best thing is the frount camera it is also 5mp
Awesome phone from micromax.....includes all features within that small budget battery backup is one problem i felt... MAD application helps to recharge ur no without paying money..... good display good rear camera...front camera is 5MP but not so good.... Music experience is very poor.... it is best option for android beginners
Recently, I have bought it in local stores for 7800/-. Very low battery backup and lock-unlock button is on left side which is very inconvenient. about the Mad app.. Micromax advertisement... if you enable it, before making any phone call it will ask you to view the advertisement which is optional. If you view the advertisement they will credit some points and you can redeem. (but what about the download data cost).. 1.2 GHz, Quad Core with 512 MB ram.. not satisfied. I am very much interested to exchange this phone with micromax. if they give high battery backup and RAM. Good thing is we can roughly use this smart phone with cover. Thank you.
The mobile is really awesome .... its almost equal to moto g ... except the memory area .... i prefer micromax canvas mad oly ... it sounds great
best phone under Rs.7000 but the battery quality not good as nokia or samsung.i liked it...thaks a lot flipcart :)
Just purchased the micromax MAd A-94. Good phone on this budget but camera is not too good when expand the photo + photo quality very low and sometime its got very hot.
I got the fone yesterday. Considering all the good reviews I had ordered this fone. There was network issue and heating issue. No network for vodafone, tata and idea simcard even after going on ground. didnt hear the same issue from any of the other users may be my bad luck. Flipkart is always a good seller and I completly trust them. They have initiated the replacement and I hope I dont face same issue with this too.
The phone is very well optimised according to its specs. There have been no serious issues till now for me. The battery is an issue which is common for all android phones so it can be ignored. Overall nice phone can run each and every game in good graphics. Also we must not forget that it is under 7000 so probably one of most cheapest and durable quad core phone. The camera is somewhat okay. The front camera and back camera are somewhat same ignoring there is a flash on back side which doesn't seem to serve its purpose. But again just look the price! Again thumbs up for flipkart and Micromax as well!!! A 5 star from me.
nice product in 7k but touch is not so good but its okay. RAM is too slow but rest is fine. superb service form flipkart.com
Guyz before buying this handset I reviewed it many times at different portals. Now I would like to review this phone from my viewpoint : Good Things 1. MAD application makes this phone unique. Best for teenagers who run out of balance. 2. Design of the phone is stylish along with bigger screen. 3. Good processing speed - due to which apps are processed very fast. Problems 1. Touch of the phone is very poor as i faced touch problem while typing especially in edges of display and status bar. I tried to pull down status bar multiple times but after trying three four times it was responsive. Serious problem and shocked how anybody of the buyer why not faced this problem. I have given the phone for replacement for the same reason. 2. Micromax has not changed anything in MAD's rom which could attract user and feel proud owner of the phone. 3. Its damn heavy phone, you may tired while holding it for long time. 4. Back housing cover which is removable is not seated properly in my case due to which a slight gap was visible which looks very bad. But it might be manufacturing defect for particular back cover ( hope so... ). 5. Ugly Network icons in status bar doesn't go with Jelly Bean OS. Old pattern status bar seems to be using china phone. 6. Wifi network of this phone is damn poor hardly gives 1 tower from distance of 5 mtrs. I have used many other brands that also 3 years older than this phone but they work like a charm. This phone looses wifi tower even distance of 5-6 mtrs. Overall : I am not satisfied with such poor workmanship of micromax product. They should implement quality control with better standards.
Thanks flipkart... item reached here safe n in time... i received mobile couple of days back.. so cant tell abt its performance right now.. any way looking good.. and in good hope...
Good Product , Nice features like 5 mp camera both front and back, quadcore processor etc. and about flipkart nice service.. but i didnt get product reciept.
i think 1gb ram be wonderful for thiss product but this model does not contain any accessories like flip cover, back case etc in the market.
EXCELLENT SERVICE, FASTER DELIVERY, TIMELYFEEDBACK PRODUCT IS GOOD AND COMPETETIVE PRICING FLIPKART IS THE BEST
Battery is not withstanding other than that phone good to the money. Nice touch and camera. Good design with color
Its one of the best smartphone in this range...the only 2 problems are its camera quality and the 512 mb of ram
The mobile works good.. has nice battery life and the twin 5 megapixel camera is the most exciting feature.
I purchased this Micromax A94 MAD mobile in Flipkart on 04 April 2014. This mobile phone is very speed processor, Internal memory, 5 megapixel both primary and secondary cameras. excellent!!
how front camera will be turned on,,,,,,,,,,,n all other things r good expect battery,,,,,,ok bye please help me how to turn on front camera
Pros : 1. Quad Core in this price 2. Nice bright display 3. 3G support 4. Front and Back Camera of 5 MP Cons : 1. Bit heavier 2. Battery gets dried up with heavy usage
The price advertised on the site is Rs 6786/- as on 7th April 2014. I hope WS RETAIL further cuts down on the rate. I have gone through the reviews & they are mostly +ve. However it seems very few people have purchased it so far.
the phone is simply amazing ....in looks, RAM, Touch, Processor , primary and secondary camera, weight, screen size, touch response, flash, sensors, thickness at this price there is no verdict for this phone.
Overall its a decent phone but i never Liked the icons and stuff of micromax. They are just clumsy i guess and the hangs sometimes i guess cause is RAM. But Otherwise its alright.
The phone is very good and easy to access that to at a reasonable price. The 5MP front and Back camera makes MAd A 94 a more attractive item to buy.
Micromax has always come out with good results. The Micromax MAd A94 is one of the best android phones & it is very comfortable to carry in pockets. The best thing of this phone is the camera, both the front & back cameras are so clear & I loved it. In total I like this phone a lot. I am so happy that I choose such phone. The price of this phone is reasonable with its good features & if anyone of you are looking forward to buy a new android phone then i would like to suggest this phone. This phone is good looking and stylish too. The sound system is too good. It has good battery baxk up as compare to the other android phones. Good luck !!!
WHO EVER MAKES HANDSETS WITH 512 MB RAM ANYMORE. ANDROID OS BY ITS SELF WILL TAKE AROUND 300 - 400 MB RAM. WITH 4.2 AND ABOVE UR BETTER OF HAVING ATLEAST 1 GB RAM. ONLY APPLE PRODUCTS WORK WITH SUCH LOW RAM.
