MOBDPPJZXASFKK2Z
I sax this mobile in my friends hand and the first question I asked was- Is it Samsung Galaxy S duos? You probably know that every samsung phone follows the same design and its hard to compare. I feel like I am in China( everyone looks same). Its got premium look. I would give 5/5 for it. Backcover is easily removable. Its perfect for one hand tying as 4 inch is best size for messaging. Display is good and colourful 4/5. The biggest problem I noticed was it had only 8% free RAM after installing a bunch of apps which were not even games but common ones such as Whatsapp, Facebook, UC Browser, GO Launcher. I managed to bring the free RAM level to 25% using MEMORY BOOSTER app from google play and set automatic boost for every 10min. Touchwiz launcher is very heavy so I installed NOVA Launcher which is good and takes less RAM. I also played Asphalt 7, Asphalt 8, Modern Combat 3, AVP Evolution, Dead Trigger 1 and 2, etc. First 3 were not so smooth but payabl nvrtheless. Its good not best. Micromax Canvas a74 better
I have used this phone. Actually I bought it for my brother. Nice phone with good features and at good prize.
phone looks good and new.but inside parts all second hand .its waste of money to buy this phone.battery is not working good.camera also second hand one.overall they send second hand phone.don't buy this product.
It's a worst mobile I have purchased but irritated with mobile. I have used this mobile for 6 month and I just throw this mobile in dustbin. For calling it got hang No camera satisfaction No internet satisfaction Mean no satisfaction.
Trend is worth for my money i would like to share my exp in flikart i ordered(Normal Delivery) my phone on sat 11 am it has been delivered on sun 4.30 pm awesome service from flikart and moreover phone is very good and worth for money and i bought trend wine red color this colour not available even in big mobile shops very gud phone and worth for money very fast all apps are installing very clear sound battery life depends upon usage
Good Phone....the Color is also good... But one thing this phone doesn't have auto Brightness control because it doesn't have light sensor....Thats really bad... but otherwise its good compare to price.
THE DUAL SIM SLOT PROVIDED IN THE MOBILE IS SMALL ,HENCE THE EXISTING SIM CARD HAS TO BE REDESIGNED ,WHICH CANNOT BE REUSED I N FUTURE ON SWITCHING OVER TO SOME OTHER MOBILE HANDSET.
I gave it as a gift to me wife and she is very happy to use it. The battery life is also good as compared to other phones. We do not have any connectivity issues also as we had earlier. Good purchase worth the money.
it was my wife's and sister's b'day clubbed with the aspucious occasion of Sankaranthi...so i ordered 2 phones. Both the ladies are very happy as they feel the phone is very girlish and easy to handle, I'm happy too as I could buy this phone via EMI... About the phone...awesome entry level smartphone, has almost all the features of any smart phone...good UI, font size, shortcuts, 4GB internal memory, allows me to download stuff...overall good experience...WORTH EVERY PAISA...:):)
I didnt buy from Flipkart but from a reputed store where I was told that its the latest launch from samsung at a price of 7900/- (Dassera Launch special price).I have always been a Samsung user since ages and so the look impressed me but the functioning is totally deceptive.U have to wait everytime after swiping the screen for the function u want.Even while making or receiving calls there is so much lagging that it frustrates you.Not a single function happens without lagging so much.A thorough disappointment from Samsung.Its better to pay more and get a established model than to fall prey to the price and looks.
Erratic Android experience. After you touch something, you have to wait for 2-3 seconds to let it happen. Touchscreen is intermittently responsive. You touch something on the screen hard and precise, but the phone sometimes fails to recognize the command. Loaded Android 4.1.2 is erratic. When someone calls, often the screen shows the unlock keypad instead of the CLI number (though the ring goes on playing). Alarm does not turn off after pressing the volume key even it is set to do so. Have to restart the phone to correct these problems, and then after a few hours they start recurring. A nightmare. Ringtone is not adequately loud even at max volume. Samsung's own (matching crappy and slow) software Kies v3 and v2.6.1.13105_7 fails to recognize this phone, though it is easily recognized by Windows 7 and 8 x64 without Kies installed.
