MOBDQX7QWRJG6CE6
Immediate Review for A77 Canvas Juice: Got A77 Canvas Juice on 28 Nov 2013. Got delivery on third day of booking in Delhi. Good Looks. Cost - 8000 - 8100 approx in many shopping sites now in India. Try your luck for Your own pc. Try daily 2-3 times. Phone Battery is good obviously makes Phone bit Heavy. Smooth Touch. FlashLight App is there. Latest OS - JellyBean 4.2.2. Sound is Loud Enough. Camera is so-so of 5MP. But Good in Daylight. 5 inch TFT Screen is good. Pics look good. Music App is also good. Kingsoft Office App is for Office Documents, like: Text Doc XLS PPT PDF Check All Documents in this app without going to File Manager. File Manager is also good. Gallery is good. Most Apps are present. Download "WhatsApp", Facebook, Viber, BBM, "Tapatalk" etc. on your own. If some formats are not supported just download particular app for the job to be done accordingly. Cover, Screen Guard etc accessories is not available just now. These may be available after few weeks from now. I bought it from other website with offer by Aircel: Aircel Offer of 2Gb - 2G Data is for 3 months only. With Low call rates. With WAP Services, Songs etc. free worth 12000 approx. I took new Prepaid Sim and waited for it to be activated within 7 days. But nobody knows what this offer is? Aircell or Shopping Site (If I can name it here - it is homeshop18) from where I bought this does not know anything about this, when I will get this offer. 7 days are gone and there is no such offer info on my phone. All efforts / time / money (in terms of calls) is lost. Aircel is not a reliable company that can be depend on any such offers. Those want to have this phone, should not take Aircel Offer Seriously. Those who are looking for budget Android may try this phone in 8K range. Hope this review will help them in deciding. Though Xolo have introduced Q500 but it is small screen phone of 4 inches. Cost is also less. While this A77 Juice is 5 inch screen phone with bigger Battery. _____________________________________ Review After More than 1 month: Good battery on Wifi, it can cover whole day easily. If not much daily use, battery 10 days says nothing for charging. Some apps are transferable to External SD. Oruxmaps & Osmand Maps installed on External Micro SD Card. GPS module is OK in open area. OK with Data Navigation. Lacks Glonass etc. support. GPS module in Canvas 4 is also same ! Aircel gave data pack on 21 Dec 2013 and cut data cost for nothing for more than Rs.150. Fight is going on. This is worst confrontation with Aircel after Reliance fighting experience. Screen Guard is also available now. Got FLIP COVER Cover on 6 Jan 2014. It feels good & comfortable now to hold it. Silicon Cover is also available but it does not cover front screen. Flip Cover is easily available now in some markets in India & on Internet. Aircel gave data pack on 21 Dec 2013 and cut data cost of Rs.150 +. Fight is over. I got my Rs.150/- after lot of emailing to Aircel after long time of more than 15 days. Now I have the Data Plan of 2G in Delhi for 3 Months with lower cost of calling. I am also using Clean Master App to clean Cache files as junk. RAM can also be cleaned by this app. _____________________________________ Review after 3 Months of Use: Camera: It works good in Daylight. Flashlight: Very Bright LED Torch. Touch Keyboard: Great with Suggestion of Words ! Internet: 2G is good. Battery: 2 days of use in working in daily routine & runs for 3-4 days if not much in use. Flashlight: Very Bright LED Torch. Flip Cover: Purchased Black and it looks natural & good. Weight: Now after 3 Months it does not matter.
I really used to doubt the +ive reviews on flipkart as I have been duped more than once into buying but this time it was opposite! I saw the reviews that the phone specs are good but the camera sucks. well, people its the best camera u will get in this price range! Its amazing HD camera and woah! the battery life and running is amazing. ONLY TRUE CONS OF THIS PHONE 1. Only White Colour available... i was really hoping to get black 2. Earphones not so good. This is not a first day usage review.... i love u micromax for launching such a superb phone in such a low price!
Hi all , i bought it on 20 Dec price = 7999 review in short after 1 week of usage :- 1. build = is very good 2. Look = is awesome (Dont look cheap) 3. calling = good ,signal catching is also good . 4. UI = is fluid ,afterall 1 gb ram is there . 5. Battery = the Key feature of the mobile . goes around 1 and 1/2 Day on wifi on for 12 hrs and 3 hours call . 6. Screen = is not good , viewing angles are bad , but you can adjust . cant expect more in 8 K . 7. Camera = very Poor in low light. Basic photos in day light . 2.5/5 8. Weight = You have to adjust with the weight for its massive battery .You will get used to it after some days . 9. Skype ,Viber , all are working fine . Technicals --------------- 1. free ram = more than 650 mb ( start up ) , if you install lots of apps then it will be around 500 mb (depending on apps ) 2. Battery = on very heavy usage also it will go beyond 1 day .normally it wil take 2 days to fully discharge on moderate usage . 3. dual core is fine ,you will face no lags on multitasking . but it will lag if you install lots of apps and very heavy multi tasking . 4. Games are working Fine . donno abt heavy games . Finally satisfied buyer .. a gud mobile in 8 K . Thanks Micromax and Thanks Flipkart .
I'm a person with an eye for detail when t comes to phone specs. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Been just 2 days that I have this phone with me. Feels good to have such a performer in my hands. Analysing the battery backup these days. WIll come back to you guys on this part in a few days. However, the phone is really good when it comes to performance! Having installed apps like Viber, Watsapp, FB Msngr, FB client amongst several other apps which consistently run in the background the phone is still able to give a decent battey backup with swift performance. Have used phones like Samsung Google Nexus S n the likes in the past however this one really beats the beasts of past hahaha. Exception: Viewing angles arent good (But the colour reproduction is.). GO FOR IT!!! :) @Tharun: *Internal memory to external SD card- No, we can't. *Camera Quality- Above Avg autofocus, Avg. Flash, Not veyy good, but yes ok, in low lights. THere's a click sound every now n then on video recording which I guess is produced by the internal mechanism due to autofocus. Unlikely of Good Camcords. *In-call sound quality- good! Hope that helps!
Postive- 1. 5 inch display 2. Android 4.2.2 jellybean 3. Average camera, for below 8000 range Negative- 1. Less PPI, so screen doesn't look crisp 2. Speaker below average in terms of loudness 3. Phone lags when running heavy applications due to dual core processor Go for Moto E if screen size is not the issue
already using this phone for more than a month positives: 1.excellent battery life (2-3 days) with moderate usage 2. big screen size 3. good resolution 4. good touch and responsiveness 5. MOST IMPORTANT : my phone fell in the water for around 2 minutes. when I took it out, found almost no water inside the phone after removing the back cover. kept it in sun for one day and after that it is working absolutely fine. NEGATIVES: 1. less phone memory 2. Poor to very poor camera quality 3. screen looks dark when viewed from an angle 4. flip/back cover not available yet in the market 5. some high graphic games don't run so good
I have analysis various phones under 8k and I find this is a good phone but now out of stock may be the manufacturing of this phone would stop. This phone has 3000 MHZ Battery, 5" Screen, 1 GB RAM (Canvas 2 also does not have) latest android 4.2, 5 MP Camera with Flash, Support HD Recording. What you need more under this range? Thanks to Micromax its now No 3rd In India after Samsung and Nokia. This is a good phone under this rang and preferred t buy.
Purchased last week...Con's are more then Pro's....so think before you buy...or else go for Moto G which is 1K less. Pro's Good Phone build. Strong Battery 3000 mAh Battery Touch screen is above average smooth navigation system Con's Pathetic speakphone, very low.. Camera quality....hahhhaaa...name sake 5 MP, but equal to VGA Display- unable to see the anything in Sunlight heavy phone - due to big battery Flash Light is for name sake Apps cannot be moved to SD Card. Ear Phones really sucks - Very basic ear phone less phone memory screen looks dark when viewed from an angle some high graphic games don't run so good Overall average rating
BETTER THAN SAMSUNG TREND WHICH HAVE I GHZ PROCESSOR, BUT A77 JUICE HAVE I.3 DUAL CORE PROCESSOR WITH I GB RAM. I WANT TO PURCHASE THIS MOBILE BUT WORRY THAT IT MAY NOT CATCH HEAT AS HAPPENS IN TOO MANY MOBILES PREVIOUSLY ALSO 1 GB RAM IS GOOD, I ALSO WATCHED BENCHMARK ON YOUTUBE ITS AVERAGE AND USABLE FOR HIGH GAMING TOUCH IS GOOD. SCREEN IS GOOD. BUT FIRSTLY I WANT TO SEE IN THE ,MARKET AFTER THAT I WILL DECIDE SHOULD GO FOR IT OR NOT, I M JUST WAITING FOR ITS OFFICIALLY LAUNCH IN THE MARKET. FURTHER I WOULD LIKE TO INFORMED YOU TO ALL I HEARD FROM MANY PEOPLE THAT WE CANNOT MOVE APPS TO SD CARD, IT WILL BE DISAPPIONTS TO US. KEEP POSTING AND UPDATING THANKS MUJAHID
cost highre thsn other e commerce site ,but now product rate slashed very low in short tym ,so go for oter mobile
I have been using this mobile for the last one month. It has been a wonderful experience using it. Though it has some cons, but the pros surely count over the cons. cons:- 1. the voice is very low when talking on the mobile. Even with the highest volume, the sound is very low. 2. Installed apps cannot be moved to SD card. I guess, this problem is there with a lot of other smartphones, though I haven't compared this feature with other models. 3. If I change the theme, then click photos or shoot videos, the picture tends to change color depending on the theme. But on default theme, they work fine and perfect. 4. The pixel value is somewhat less and hence due to a 5 inch screen, the color looks somewhat dilated. 5. I couldn't find good accessories for this mobile on flipkart. Hence had to order from Amazon. The hard case covers are good, but the flip covers are not up to the standard. now coming to pros:- 1. Battery is awesome. the charge lasts almost 3 days, with moderate usage. 2. I am not an avid gamer, but tried subway surfer and temple run. Both ran fine and without any lag. I have even installed skype, IRCTC, flipkart app, AVG antivirus and a few other android apps from play store. They all run without any lag. 3. The built is good and with a hard case cover, the phone looks stout. 4. The camera and video are good in normal light. The video is HD and a 2 min video comes around 99 MB. The picture quality and sound is awesome. 5. WIFI signal is strong and there are no intermittent connectivity issues. 6. The touch is awesome. 7. Dual sim support is good and you can disable one of the sim, if you are not using it. 8. While charging, the phone gets slightly heated, but apart from that, there is no problem. So far I have been using the mobile to play some games, have done a lot of video chat using skype. The front camera is of 0.3MP and hence you need to have a video chat in a bright environment. Dim light conditions show black shadows while video chatting. The call signal is good and since I live in a metro, I haven't faced any problems with call connectivity and signal clarity. The SAR value as compared to Moto E is low and this is a factor to be considered seriously, by someone who talks a lot on the mobile. Overall, the model is really good and you can definitely pick this model, without thinking twice.
this product is very impressive for low price and amazing features. Every buyer can do place order for this product. battery life is amazing .........
Just two weeks before I purchased this mobile from Local Market. I was very satisfied with the performance of this mobile. I was having budget of 8k and expecting so many things, this was exactly what I searching for. I could not get my eyes off my new cell. The mobile has nice shining body, 5 inch screen and all games like temple run, candy crush, subway surfers run smoothly. Battery life is very good. I use Wifi whole day in the court while returning home I can still listen music and play games on my way. Battery life is good. Only one problem I find is the camera. 5 pixel camera is good only in daylight and at night time picture quality is very blurry. In and all I will give four star out of five. I recommend all those who are searching for good mobile in 8k range and if you are not crazy for brand name like samsung or htc. this mobile serves all your purposes and not as heavy as others on your budget. Love it. Thanks Micromax..
MMX has surprised me with their smart phones. This Phone has been a great buy for me. I have been using this phone for over month and has performed better than my expectations. Nice Looks Good Battery Life Good Service Big Screen At this Price its an Excellent Phone... Better than Phones Double of its Price .........
at very low price it provides such features like 5" screen with nice resolution and such a long lasting battery life, nice quality product...
Pros: 1. Good feature rich phone 2. Cost Cons: 1. Apps cannot be moved to SD Card. 2. Poor quality of earphones
Pros: 1. Best mobile in 8000 bucks.... 2. Battery is Awesome-Best suited for Game Lovers Cons: 1. Apps cannot be moved to SD Card. 2. Ear Phones really sucks.
I never felt that mmx release a phone with 1GB Ram and 3000 mAH Battery at Rs.7999 I was using it for last 3 Weeks i am very satisfied Pros :- 1. Very Responsive Touch. 2. Good Camera 3.Big Battery 4.Latest OS and Can be Upgraded 5.Fast Processor 6.can be used for heavy gaming as i am a game lovers and i never gets lags in any game 7. 1GB Ram (mostly at this price you got 512mb ram) 8. Very fast internet Cons: 1. I didn't find any problems Overall Best phone at this price
I would like to have this one as my first smarty. Specs looks good for 8k. AF 5 MP camera. 1GB RAM. 1.2 GHz Dual Core Processor
Looking awesome.micromax is getting better. Highlights - 1.3 GHz MTK 6572 Dual Core Processor - 1 GB RAM - 5 Inch Touchscreen Display - Dual SIM - 5 MP Rear Camera With LED Flash - 0.3 MP Front Camera - 3G/WiFi - Bluetooth/FM - 3000 MAh Battery.
> Bought from HS18 worth Rs.7859 on 12th dec. > Display is good. > Phone is heavy as compared to other MMX Canvas and Samung Galaxy mobiles. > NO flip cover, guard given with this phone and also Not available in market. > Loud Speaker is Ok in indoors but not audible in trafic and on road. > Ear phones are of very poor quality. Slips from the ear very frequently, short in length, no holding clip. > Android Navigation experience is good. >Battery is good. Can work upto 2 days even when working 2 full days on wifi and seen video around 2 hour in 2 days without earphone and talked around 1 hour >Camera(back - 5MP) quality is good in day time. If zoomed then pic will not be clear. Front Camera (VGA) very bad quality. > video of HD quality is good. >can install apps in SD card. >Flash Light is Ok. > kingsoft office for documents and pdf is pre installed. This phone is good in this budget. As per my view in this budget only XOLO mobiles can give competition but XOLO mobiles have service centers only in limited cities.
Excited to see how long this battery is going to give power to my usage... As soon as it was introduced Celkon and Karbon have introduced some equivalent and reduced prices respectively... But they forgot to build such a powerful battery... If you are going to do a full night travel after spending a whole day @office then it would be a better choice... This product is going to worth your money... I am waiting...
This is the best Android smartphone that money can buy in India. I was looking for an Android phone within 8k with the following min specifications: Screen- min 5 inches Camera - min 5 mp RAM - min 1 GB Processor - Dual Core, min 1.2 Ghz Android version - min 4.2 and above GPS, FM, Music Player, etc. A lot of companies were offering several devices on the above mentioned parameters but none was available at that time for less than 8k. Even now if you filter those parameters, you will still get this phone only at the top of the search and this device is certainly worth buying if you are a first time user. However the device is not hundred percent flawless and impeccable and has some cons too. But those are minor and overall this is a very good phone under 8k budget. Shame on you Samsung for keeping the prices of such devices exorbitantly high. PROS: Excellent screen - 5 inches Good build. Finishing is good. High amount of RAM - 1 GB. You can play all kinds of games and can run all kind of applications on the Micromax A 77. It doesn't hang even while multitasking unlike the 512 MB hyped Samsung phones. High processing speed - The 1.3 Ghz dual core processor extracts the maximum amt. of Juice form the Juice A 77 so you always get the most out of the processors. The latest mediatek chipset is good. Large internal memory - 4 GB. High enough to meet most of the tasks, games and applications that you download from the plays store. GPS, Music Player, Video Player, FM, etc are descent. Dual sim with 3G support is very good for people who want dual calling facilities and also 3g services. Battery - 3000 mAH. Phenomenal lasting. You will have enough for all of your gaming, surfing (wi-fi), calling needs and at the end of the day you will find that the battery is still 50% left!! This is the biggest plus point of Micromax Canvass A 77 - it's battery is a monster and will not let you down. Price- at 8k it's a steal. Worth its weight in gold. CONS: Camera- Could have been better. The camera software/application also needs to be upgraded and tweaked by Micromax as pictures are not quite sharp and crisp. Front camera is actually a misnomer as when you try to take pics you always look dark skinned no matter how fair or how much lighting you have got while taking your selfie. It always takes dark pictures even if you are under the sun!!! Music player - Bass, treble and other effects are not as good as Sony or Samsung players. The equalizer and sound effect needs to be improved as sound is not so great in this set. Headphones need to be improved drastically.
Bought this phone when it was priced at 7999 . I used this phone for about a year and this is my review Battery life is superb, TOTALLY AMAZING . I mostly used this device for watching movies, the phone gave me about 24 hour continuous battery life support in one full charge [ in airplane mode + i used my headphone] Apart from that nothing spectacular , the touch seems to be lose its precision later on and the phone does not fully support multi-touch . Playing games like Clash of clans becomes quite difficult because of the lack of sensitivity . If you are bothered about the weight of your phone , this phone is surely not meant for you xD Owing to its 3000 mah Battery it packs quite a punch too in its weight . Its very sturdy too i dropped the phone innumerous times but each time it came back roaring for more [ withstands 4-6 feet drops with only slight scratches ] camera is decent enough , night shots are pathetic. does well in well lit conditions ,. I Feel the need to repeat this THE PHONE DOES NOT HANDLE MULTI-TOUCH [MORE THAN 2 FINGERS] WELL!!!!! but Looking at its current price , its worth the buy. Battery support this good rarely comes this cheap #outOfStock
display=8 , sound=10 , battery backup =9 , playing game=7 , touch screen = 10 (out of 10 point according to me as i used this product ........ canvas a177 same as it .......
Good phone. Amazing battery capacity. Super memory. But unable to take backup. Moderate picture clarity on rear camera. Front camera just enough for video calls.
GOOD one.... resonable price.... durable & better life for bzy daily use... Cons:- Android 4.2 Heavy less user memory for storage
I am using this phone for substitute of tablet. + points 3000 mAh good quality battery very good touch responce big screen 5 inches. fast internet 3g. skype youtube etc working fine. hd video Minus points useless front camera 5 mp back camera is not good. during phone calls very poor voice clarity, overall poor audio quality. otherwise it is very good phone.
using this phone since last year , its amezing guys go for it .... battery backup s superb those who are locking for budget phone its good choice
My phone started showing problems within 7 months from the date of purchase. The camera stopped working, the 3 touch buttons at the bottom would hang, the screen would go blank etc. I took it to the service centre and they returned it after a couple of weeks. Though the camera was fixed, other problems were still there. I took it for a repeat servicing. They informed me that there was a problem with the motherboard and it would take some time. It has been more than 2 months and I still haven't got my phone back. They are not even providing any information as to when I might get my phone back.
I received it before 3 days as per standard delivery. Over all phone is good. But Camera is not upto mark and internal memory fix for apps installation.
bought the phone about 6 months back.have had much experience to write a review. firstly,micromax has done a gr8 job with the pricing.however other phones like unite2 r available but they came much later. has 1 gb of rram,so apps works without flaws.however ,continuos use can make the phone a bit laggy..has a gr8 battery backup,probably the best in this price segment.dual core processor can be irritating sometimes.low light camera quality is not good nd front camera isnt vry gr8 touch screen is good. internal storage is vry less.u need to have sd card. gud phone in this price segment ......go for it....
Bought this product for Rs.8000/- not from Flipkart but from other portal with in days of it launch but realized that the apps and other games downloaded are not movable to external sd card making its utility limited. Not going into the specifications here is the review :- i) Phone in itself is stunner in looks but is on the heavier side of weight mainly because of its mammoth battery - a 3000 mAh battery. Need to charge only once a day after lot of games, wifi, normal calling and texting. Superb !! but with pain in the wrist being bulky. ii) Screen resolution is dull and left you high & dry since the similar resolution screen in my Karbonn Titanium S2 phone gives a lively and livid images and resolution. Negative points here. iii) Audio quality of call is mediocre and not good. iv) Touch response is only average. v) Unability to move apps and game data to external sd card rendered it unsuitable for game and other heavy apps lovers. This is despite the fact it boasts of Jellybean android version which has no such restrictions as I also own Karbonn Titanium S2 in which apps can be moved to external SD card. Only people who are happy with normal utility apps and few games will find its utility. Others will find it unsuitable due to its restricted space of 1.9Gb space (1.2 App + 0.7 data) as the phone becomes sluggish after downloading 10-12 apps and few normal games. But there is a way around and that is to root the phone and users can see that apps can be moved to external sd card and bloatwares installed on the phone can be deleted. Also, the touch response which was sluggish at times becomes good. Also many heavy apps and games can be downloaded and run smoothly thanks to its 1Gb Ram. So the space crunch which is main reason for non-performance for this phone is resolved once you root the phone. (i) Now only 1 issue is there which is screen resolution and the front facing camera which is pathetic being a VGA camera. Also, Indoor and night photos are not good mainly because of poor management of time lapse between lens shutter speed and led light exposure. In brief, Phone is a decent performer once you opens the restrictions imposed by the manufacturer excluding (i) above otherwise it is a average phone priced high as per features. There are better specs phones at less rate available in the market and also from Micromax.
I have bought it 4 months ago and used it,very bad response.After 2 months its screen became white and it has jack problem in it.I visited service centre and given mobile to them.Now it is about 2 months over.I didn't get my mobile.Please never buy it.
Too good phone, Playing HD videos as easy as ever, can easily support 16gb mem card, faster operating speed can be compared to Samsung phones with same RAM.
Owsome hand set main part is getting very low prices with more comfortability. Who say that micro max is not branded . Thay full him self.
i have bought this phone from HS18 on 10 feb 14. Now , its has gone near about 7 months Without any problem. This phone performance is very good. After one phone i had bought Two more phone for my cousins. this phone is not having any problem Except some points which are not allowing me to give It all the Stars. Cons:- 1. Poor Sound: Sound Quality is not much good. and Earphones have such a bad Quality. 2. Service Center: As my Exp. with MMX. They have very poor services. If you face any problem in phone. and you are thinking of service center then it will going to be hard time. They took more then enough time repair. 3.Camera : Camera is not up to the mark. you will not be able to take clear images in Dark or Nights 4: Heavy Phone: we cannot say its a Cons. 5: Charging Port: From all the three Phones, Which i have bought. I found that its charging port got loose from the usb provided with them. i have to use another usb for charging and replacing every month. Pros: 1: Battery Backup: 3000mAh is really good. From my exp. If you are using phone just for calling purpose than it will give u backup for almost 3 days. That's Awesome performance. 2. Big Screen. 3. Budget phone. 4. Good Processor 5. 1 Gb Ram. From my point of view. overall its a good phone.
I am a person who was constantly using a Blackberry or a Nokia phone. I was out to upgrade from my Blackberry 9720 and My eyes fell on the A77 Canvas Juice. I was very hesitant at first since I do not have great trust on Micromax as a competitive smartphone maker compared to Samsung. But then as I tried the phone it won my heart! I have listed the Pros and Cons below as I have used it for one month now. My Overall opinion is :This phone is a great buy at Rs.8000. Is it worth buying?ABSOLUTELY YES. PROS: 1.The screen is 5 inch and provides stunning resolution and is definitely as good as or maybe even better than Samsung. 2. The battery back up is awesome and it lasts me for 1.5 days and I am a heavy user. My usage includes constant calls, whatsapp, 3g internet browsing, Facebook, Twitter, Skype, SMS and Music (minimum 2 hours a day of music). 3. Super smooth performance. I have not seen a single lag in the processor or RAM performance even while Multitasking or while running heavy games. 4. Video playback and is very crisp. 5. Lighter weight while compared to other phones of the same size. CONS: 1. The camera needs to be improved. 2. The External speaker quality is poor.
Please don't go for this mobile as it doesn't have gorila glass, scrren will break for single drop on the floor
I purchased micromax canvas Juice A77 in July 2014. I am impressed with its performance especially the battery life. Features are good and the product is worth for its money. Product performance is satisfactory so far.
Amazing Features,easy to use,fantastic resolution and would like to recommend worth buying this set.
Bought the phone for 8,000. Worth the money, has a big 5" screenawhich is clear and HD videos play really smooth and crisp. Battery last long enough and the speakers are loud too. The only thing that disappoints is the camera. It is of VGA quality, itt takes extremely poor quality images and in low light it is totally useless, even the flash won't help. The flash is only good as a torch.
Dont go for this phone, I m using this phone from last 6months but very big drawback is apps not move to SD card so u cant load many games and mobile works slow
I am using the phone aince 2 months.I purchased this phone to replace my tablet. this is 5 inches screen and all features are working good.Battery is trulu 3000 Ah which lasts 2to 3 days even you use internet.So boys dont buy tablet. buy this mobile.It is also user friendly,Sr citizens can use this since big display
I purchase this mobile 2 month back and not it not starting up and i went to service center they told me we resolve it in one week than after 1 week they called and say its take 45 days to resolving because its sent to company service center i never seen that kind of service center, 45 days is too long time. I suggest to all buyer don't buy micromax even they offer free
If performance matters to you than camera quality, this is definitely the phone for you. Awesumm performance...has not frozen even once till now. Smooth performance...wish micromax would not put much trash in the form of pre-installed games in their phones. u cant uninstall them and they are trial ones so practically unusable unless u buy them. except that...its a good buy!!
The product is worth the price with its amazingly long lasting battery, gud camera and touch screen.
the best 5 inch mobile at this price range...have used for a month now...not able to find any major flaws except for the poor quality headphones...great job micromax and flipkart
I have bought this phone some days back and now it restarts automatically and bigger apps and gamed can not be installed because apps can not move to SD card
Its really nice phone. Looks also amazing :) My only concern about this phone is absence of notification led :(
A very good phone in very good price. Battery, camera (in day light), touch, game playing, 5" screen, flashlight are fine. Except sound quality in earphone. But how can I expect more in 8k.
I'm using this phone around 4 months........really disappointed......camera disgusting....front camera (even don't count it as camera....it's just a formality to say look it has front camera too)....its say 4 GB internal storage (bull shit) you will get only 625 mb of storage capacity...one must have to buy SD card....features 50-50 typical android phones... battery is gud no doubt....it has 2 gb ram still hang time to time when you play games... I would say add some more money and go for a better phone .....or .....if one looking for the same price range...i would say....go for SPICE it's price is arount 5000 ...same features as A77....only difference is battery SPICE has around 270 mAh....or go for bolt or any other .....but definably not MICROMAX CANVAS A77
the best phone every used in micromax ..battery back up is good and 1 gb RAM due to which the phone does not hang ...the best phone
i have been using this phone for 5 months the viewing angle of this phone is very very bad....i have to tilt the phone to watch videos in my mobile...screen viewing angle is damaging my eyes....
Nice Phone. Great batery, a bit heavy. Camera quality is low but at this price this phone is a nice buy...Liked it very much.
just a little heavy and less internal storage
Absolutely stunning product. I just wanted a 'good' mobile & for this price range I couldn't have asked for more. Quality of camera / Processing speed of Apps / Display experience - All are just too good. So far so good..Sincerely hope that after few days the mobile does not develop any irritants like mic / display / freeze etc
Low budget phone with high configuration. 3000 MAH battery - Likely to have a lot of battery power. Micromax has helped a lot in buying phones at low cost with high configuration.
I just bought this phone and I love it already. Works very smoothly. I've had it for just one hour. So this review will be short: Pros: The keypad is easy to use as the phone is large. I was worried that it might be too heavy, but it's not. The sound quality is good. I will write a longer review after I've used this phone for a while. Cons: I don't know whether there's a problem with the phone or not. It's more likely that I am doing something wrong. But I haven't been able to connect the phone to my PC. I have tried several things but to no avail.
i am buy this a77 on 2may2014, and 4may2014 this phon getting hang on when i calling ... in a day that problem i faced 4 or more time...! camera is poor, so think about it wen you buy this.
phone very nice and,good speed,all ok but battery only week...other future is good...phone very nice and,good speed,all ok but battery only week.....phone very nice and,good speed,all ok but battery only week.....
Using last two month even several experimental done from my end ..though its not full HD but maximum version of Apps & Media supported , continuously Data transferred via inbuilt wifi as well as its browser overall 90% passed without drop . Battery consumption and easy charge amazing which is matter to any Anroid phone Sound : Avarage Only Cons its Camera seems like 1.3 M.P CAPTURING VEDIO blinking failed to set after so many attempt IF camera is not your prime requirement then no reason to deny to buy this model As Flipkart is most reliable Vender but due to non availability i got lately since launch in 2013 Oct ...
Dont worry buy this mobile , battery backup is awesome 15-18Hours,Best quality Camera, 1.3GHz dual Core with 1GB RAM so just buy it..................CANVAS JUICE
Nice Phone.............. Cons... only Apps can't be moved to SD card. build = is very good 2. Look = is awesome (Dont look cheap) 3. calling = good ,signal catching is also good . 4. UI = is fluid ,afterall 1 gb ram is there . 5. Battery = the Key feature of the mobile . goes around 1 and 1/2 Day on wifi on for 12 hrs and 3 hours call . 6. Screen = is not good , viewing angles are bad , but you can adjust . cant expect more in 8 K . 7. Camera = very Poor in low light. Basic photos in day light . 2.5/5 8. Weight = You have to adjust with the weight for its massive battery .You will get used to it after some days . 9. Skype ,Viber , all are working fine .
great phone, great battery, wonderful games , not that good camera but still best phone one can get at this price.
I owned apple iPhone and HTC, yet wanted to buy bigger scree phone, first thought of buying MOTO G which costs aroung 15K, but when i bought Canvas Juice with 8K which is almost half of the price IT IS SIMPLY SUPER.,Damn GUD. swiped my plans.played all HD 1080 videos and played many racing games...performs very smoother and faster than iPhone & HTC..3G & 2G network also damn gud for faster download and surfing. Camera is fine with that cost. resolution is really gud. overall with that cost Canvas Juice ROCKS... DAAAMMMNN GUUD. :)
i bought this phone from MicroMax online store in just Rs. 8000... I must say In a budget of 8000 u can not get a better phone than it. it has better quality & specs even than the Samsung galaxy Sduos2... + Really marathon battery ( it lasts for over 36 hrs with adequate gaming & media playing) 1 GB ram is more than sufficient for most of the functions (except some high end games like Asphalt 8) - Camera quality is not so good, it works fine in day light but in dim light situation it is just an average peformer... Flash is also not up to mark.. Flash is not powerful.. (but in this prize range actually u r getting really a good camera) Loud speaker & ear piece volume could be more better. Verdict: If u r looking for a medium budget featured phone then u must buy it, u wont regret...
i bought this canvas juice 1 month before.. at the first look i desappointed becouse of its large size 5 inch. but after using its great performence and features swiped out my disaponment. 1 gb ram is very suficent for instal all usable applications.GUI is also awsome.. i havnt felt any lag in gaming..most of games working properly without hanging... its main atraction is battery life 3000 mah battery its lasts 3 days without data usage .work smoothly 1 day with ful data usage and gaming..... simply i wil say its a great phone go for it..
if u want to plan mobile around 8000, dont think go for it i m using this phone from 26 jan 14. processing is very good.-5/5 lookvise very good :- 5/5 battery back up awesome :-5/5 rear camera is fine but in this price its ok:- 4/5 front camera is not so good u can video chat only in good light :-3/5 one drawback low intrenal memory 1.27 gb and 627 mb phone storage in that only u can installed the apps cant move to external sd card. this drawback overcome by root the phone. overall this phone is very good relatively price :- 5/5
flipkart selling this on high price,i buy it from homeshop 18 at 8000/- good mobile in this price.battery backup is main key feature of this mobile.no other mobile in price segment have 3000mah battery and 1gb ram,also other specification also satisfactory
I bought This product from Home Shop 18 in Amount 7999/- As product not Available on flipkart , 3 Months passed mobile working fine , Battery Back up is fine slide touch is good excellent connectivity on 2G & 3G ,and excellent speed on 3G Network download 44 MB game in just 2 minute all feature of mobile never the less of any high price mobile . I suggest who has new I want good Android phone in range of 8k prefer this phone I ll give 5 out of 5 if Camera Clarity is up to the mark of 5 Mega Pixels as mention .
Hi friends, if u have budget of around 12k and looking for decent Android Phone, have no second thought, just go for it..
Bought from HS18 worth Rs.7999 on 12th dec. 1. Display is good. 2. Phone is heavy as compared to other MMX Canvas and Samung Galaxy mobiles. 3. Loud Speaker is Ok in indoors but not audible in trafic and on road. 4. Ear phones are of very poor quality. Slips from the ear very frequently, short in length, no holding clip. 5. Android Navigation experience is good. 6. Battery is good. Can work upto 2 days even when working 2 full days on wifi and seen video around 2 hour in 2 days without earphone and talked around 1 hour 7. Front Camera (VGA) very bad quality. 8. Camera(back - 5MP) quality is good in day time. If zoomed then pic will not be clear. 9. video of HD quality is good. 10. can install apps in SD card. 11. Flash Light is Ok. 12. kingsoft office for documents and pdf is pre installed.
compare any smartphone great buy low budget. camera is olso very good 5mp hd shoot.display clarity also fine. my smartphone is no issue. 10/10 rating. battery backup is stand by 3-5 days . and also you using continue net wifi game or vide, to 7-8 hours backup.
i purchased this phone 17 jan 2104. but in this phon i got damage battery. i am charging 2-3 times in a day.. camara result is not good as 5 mp. heavy phone in weight..
I got this mobile for my wife a month back. The battery backup is awesome. If you are using this mobile for call,sms, watsapp, facebook definitely the battery will last for more than 2 days. I just did not like the 5 MP camera. It could have been much better. The screen is not bad, not good. Sound is good. Earphones are bad. Call quality is good. Signal reception is good. Android GUI is good. Overall, awesome mobile for this price. You can get the silicon cover at ebay. Just search for "CANVAS JUICE A77 SOFT SILICON BACK COVER CASE"
Hi, I would like to know the SAR Rating of this phone. I have tried to figure out the same in various websites, including the Micromax official website, but can not trace any details. best regards, Giving a 3 star for a neutral point of view as of now, will change depending on further inputs. As far as system on chip smartphones are concerned, with MT6572, the startup chip from Mediatek, the price of this phone is ought to be less. Arijit
Nice & Cool Mobile...3g Speed net . Big screen with fast processing. We can watch our fvrt tv channel online smoothly. 5 Star Rating. 1 Less For battry .
I am using this phone about a month. It's great product from MMX & display is like Samsung Galaxy Grand. Net, HD Games supporting very well, I have not ever seen a battery performance like this.
After one Week usage, Satisfied with the product.. The only thing is Headset is Not getting better Quality[sound],
Awesome phone with great specs. works flawless.1Gb RAM,1.3 dual process and 3000mah batterry combo works killer.
I bought this phone from homeshop 18 and it is working very good, the battery is very good but it makes the phone a little bit heavy its touch response is very good but it is multitouch with only 2 fingers,except this the whole phone is very good.. IT IS THE BEST SMARTPHONE IN THIS RANGE!!!!!!!!!!!
lovely phone in chep price but i wnt flip cover of this phone ....i found lot of shop n market but i cnt get...pls advce me how 2 get flip cover of this phn..vry nce phone nce featre well touch ..camera quality good
The Prestigious Micromax Juice a77, I think we can term it as a good piece. I got it a week back. I was very much satisfied with its finishing and its network speed and all. The speakers and camera were too good. But the only doubt I got is, I did not found any difference between a normal android battery and a 3000mAh battery. The name of the piece is justified, I mean, Juice is really consuming the charging as a 'Juice'. When I turned on my data pack, its like one percent of charge for 1 Min. I just wanna ask, Was my piece a faulty one or every produced piece is alike this one? Suggestions or Solutions are Required.
Heyy... i hav few doubts... can v move apps from internal memory to external SD card?? hows the camera quality??? some says sound quality is little bad.. is that true? i mean during calling...? please reply fast bcoz my order is already in shipping :P somehow managed to order from homeshop18 :P so please do reply..
Got it second day after booking on Home Shop-18. Perfect shopping in low budget. Specially who wants to start using android phones first time. Maximum applications run on this phone.
this is a great phone with nice features..waiting for 1 week to buy this phone from flipkart!!!!!!!! but still out of stock....dont want to buy from other online stores..so pls bring it fast
