MOBDHTTZXRXGFZWC
its good but u will get bored with any type of mobile if u r using more than 2 years it is having ok ok interface and its having more weight compared to samsung grand .Camera is good. not that much sensitive to touch. cons:1) i am getting as "contact has been stopped working "always . 2) no storage space. 3)speakers r not good according to me dont go for this . not good.:P
I was using this phone since 2 months and the results were amazing...First of all display/screen quality it says that it has 220 ppi but in real it has 240 ppi which makes its large 5 inch screen very vivid and text friendly although viewing angles are not IPS like.But it has far much better quality than Samsung Galaxy Grand.Touchscreen? well it feels like one on the iphones and ipads with zero lag and extremely responsive.Sound quality i can simply compare it with my sony xperia phones with deep base and noise free(used with my sony earphones) although stock earphones are more for show than for using them.Now if we talk about performance and gaming it manages to play HD games like contract killer , D-day, GTA-3 , NOVA without any lag and plays 720p HD video smoothly.Camera is another thing i like the most on it as 8MP HD camera gives bright and vivid photos and videos as well and can easily comparable with cameras on nokia and front facing camera is good too not seems like VGA.Battery backup is so good that it lasts for about 3 days full on wifi and medium brightness and on regular usage..design of the phone is robust and well built with no cheap parts better than grand but not good as nokia but makes sense.The UI on phone is packed with many apps which are of no use at all but its fine.So,people looking for GALAXY GRAND should definitely go for this as it makes people turn their heads and they say "mahenga hoga" that moment was priceless and feels really rich at that time! So, in my opinion you will never go wrong with this phone!
guys,, i m using SAMSUNG GT 5.8' . nd one f my frnd has recently got dis lenevo s 890 mobile from delhi.. i jst got a chance to exchange his mobile with mine for sum days...and find dis lenevo mobile an outstanding masterpiece... Samsung never stands nearby dis mobile...against its superb speed, built, features, applications, camera HD, 8 mgp, at a reasonable price... guys please mind it... Lenevo is a renowned international brand, not like any desi local brand who assembles moble parts like Micromax, LAVA, XOLO, karbon etc do... " quality survives where price survives and both survive where STATUS survives"
1) I had ordered this phone through flipkart, KMPL was the seller, delivery time given was 5-6 days...I received the phone on the 6th day.... 2) My first android phone and performance is excellent... 3) The touch is very responsive and smooth. 4) the screen is very bright and colorful. 5) Sound is good with headphones but not up to the level i have expected like in samsung 6) Battery lasts for one day... 7)3G, Wifi, and bluetooth working as expected... 8) games like Temple run 2, Dr Driving, Angry birds, running very smooth with out any lag 9) camera is good... 9) very elegant look... only one problem what i have observed is the 4gb internal memory is partitioned to 2gb internal memory and 2 gb usb drive. the internal memory is full with the installation of some apps and some of them are unable to move to usb storage. so struggling to install high file size apps.. Overall, value for money and great performance....
just purchase this mobile from mall yesterday....and enjoying it... good built ...good performance!!!! with 1 gb ram and 5" inch scren as compared to samsung grand it very much better. actualy i had planed to buy P770 LENOVO but bought this as that model was out of stock!!!
I ordered this from Flipkart - as usual, amazing delivery and service. I have used this phone for 2 weeks now, 50% for business (calendar, email, documents), 30% for calls and remaining 20% for entertainment (games, reading e-books). Pros: 1. Screen-size is amazing, though my friend (who bought a Samsung Grand) has a better looking phone. 2. Functioning is smooth for all business functions. Comes with Kingsoft office, which can edit Microsoft office files. Reading emails and replying etc is a breeze. The powerful RAM is what enables this. 3. Amazing battery life (better than Samsung Grand). Though I use 3G and reply to mails etc on the phone, I end the day with 30% - 50% battery. 4. Dual sim is nice - I use 2 sims and it works well for me. Though it is annoying that the phone asks me which sim to use everytime I make a call. And, for some reason, it falsely detects one of my local sims as 'Roaming sim' and confirms again if I want to incur roaming charges. Cons: 1. Heavier and larger than my friends Samsung Grand. 2. The IPS display isn't very obvious. 3. The most ANNOYING feature con is this - 4 GB is available to the user of which 2GB is structured as a USB drive and only 2GB is available to applications. When I got the phone, around 1.5GB was full. When I installed my preferred applications (like Gmail, UC Browser, contacts cards) and games (like angry birds), the space got filled up rapidly. Now, I permanently have a 'Storage space full' situation and am unable to update my apps. Wherever possible, I have moved apps to SD storage (I have a 32GB card), but still I am short of space. As an ex-Samsung user, I miss having a software like Kies to manage the phone from my system. Hopefully, I wont need it.
1) Best delivery by flipkart(5 STAR) within 3days.(y) 2) Camera is good. 3) LCD display better than Samsung Grand TFT display.(y) 4) Battery is awesome powerful (y) 5) I recommend better & cheaper phone than Samsung grand. Lastly I want to say go for "LENOVO-FOR THOSE WHO DO".
gaming n downloading may sum times become tough thru dis mobile....it hangs alot.... no relevent customer care support....at investing 15K+ , if any bad luk with dis mobile, who to take care f it...so no customer care service....jst a name showing custmr care service...
I have been using this phone for last 9 months. Battery is not charging . Draining soon. I keep it more than 5 hours. Charger port problem. i need to push cable hard to start charging. sometime automatically it stop charging due to loose connection. Body quality is not so good. after 9 months look like it is 3 years old.
you give me old box and phone was discharge and when i open i saw a picture was in album which was taken before by you, i am regular customer of flipkart, but you guys make me fool
Dear folks, caution urself before falling prey to buying unreliable mobile-sets by this company... I'm now suffering !! *** It's too disgusting that this LENOVO manufactured Mobiles sets are letting us down in many ways from the start. Now it's worst.. What's too disillusioning is that it's "touch-screen" as well become a dud... This company should stop selling the items and leaving the customers in the lurch... I'm struggling for replacement for past 5 months but in vain ! Hi LENOVO, don’t cheat gullible masses by manufacturing the faulty-set and put us in dare strait. Have some sensibility and refund the money with interest. -A aggrieved customer from Shillong, Meghalaya Mobile Set-S560 Email: naresh44pgoswami@gmail.com
the storage space gets filled up quickly.i cannot update my apps.dont know how to move them to sd storage .so mediocre phone.not recommended
I brought this phone 1 week ago at a price of 12735/-(including Stan.Charted 15% off), freebees i got are Maxx power bank & bluetooth earphone wit mic.its a value for money package. About S890 *premium looks, come with magic flip cover, wit auto wake up & sleep feature *Super performance, good multitasking capability, bundled with a number of apps like kingsoft document reader, chrome, etc *Super battery back up, lasts for 2days with average use . . .(2250mAh cell) *176gms weight, looks heavy but dn't feel that much heavy *Camera good @ out door shoots bt noisy in indoor shoots *Earphone & speaker output are above expectations bt not gud as sony, *Fast data transfer through net(using bsnl 3g), bluetooth and wi fi are working fine My opinion: Go & GET IT . . . i'm 100% satisfy with my Lenovo S890
First of all,thanks to flipkart as they delivered the product within a couple of days after the order.As far as I am concerned, this is the awesome phone that you could get under the budget of 15k.I don't see any sort of performance issue as its a dual core processor overall the performance seems to be good.Awesome 5 inch IPS display unequivocally.Coming to the camera and camcorder its great with 8MP and the flash light is also good.The performance of the battery is really fantabulous as it resists upto continous 8hrs of internet usage through Wi-Fi.Overall the phone is great but it lacks user friendliness when compared to Samsung Galaxy Grand.HDMI and DLNA features are not available in these phone,those are the drawbacks.I personally recommend this phone for those who are looking for smartphones under 15k and trust me its worth every penny. The bloody and sickening fact about lenovo smartphones that it doesnot have a good service center in India,so beware of this folks dont ever cause any damage to this phone even accidentally if u do so you ll regret it.I would like to conclude that Lenovo absolutely SUCKS on taking care of its customers
1st thing is delivery service from flipkart. It's really amazing. I ordered the mobile on 17th Oct by 3pm & received the mobile on 19th Oct by 1pm. About phone, It's real value for money. It has excellent design & branded look when compare to Micromax & Xolo but bit heavy. I feel camera clarity is not so good when compare to sony mobile (5MP), but not bad. Video & audio clarity is good.Have n't seen any lag in games & all. In simple word, overall performance is really nice. Recommended to all, to change over to LENOVO.
Pros: Stylish, come with magic flip cover,nice UI, No leg, cheaper then Samsung with more features,Very good camera,Battery Backup Cons: Bit heavy, Latest android version is not there,Full HD recording not supported
nice fon good quality everything workin fine headfones given in box are bit cheap but we can buy another one camera is not so good but ok over all a nice fon i will suggest it idk about service support but i think it will b nice as lenovo is worlds 2nd computer makin company
the mobile is very smooth for handling,very fast. in lenovo internal memory is 4gb and expandable upto 32gb we can store games in sd card but in samsung products the games will work only if it is stored in internal memory. for example in samsung galaxy grand there is only 8 gb of internal memory and the 32gb expandable memory is almost useless for gamers
The phone is excellent however has a few drawbacks 1 The camera makes a small click sound while adjusting focus if your 4 feet away you wont even hear it 2 It takes about 2 hours to learn the UI 3 the camera is like 5 Mp although it claims to be 8 mp positives 1 the UI although hard to learn is full of functions 2 The display quality is very good 3 the magic flip is very good * Before buying i read somewhere the quality of text is not crisp ; this is very untrue the quality of text is good
First of all thanks a lot for lightening delivery from flipkart - I have ordered on Sunday 9 pm and got delivered Monday evening, Really amazing. And about product, Looks - very good Touch - very responsive Video - Above average ---- Cons: Thickness is bit more compared to other high end phone Color selection (black should have available) Bit over weighing But over all the products looks worth for 15K compared to Samsung Grand or other high end phones I will update the review post one month usage.
Superb service from Flipkart, delivered just in 3 days. Great phone and good features with reasonable price. 1.2 GHz Dual Core, 1 GB RAM, storage expandable upto 32 GB,, fair enough camera, runs all apps smoothly without any lag. This phone is simply amazing. nice and sleek design. I would recommend people to buy this phone instead of Samsung Grand or Micromax canvas. The best phone within 15k-25k price range.
The phone is really worthy at this price. Good specs, good resolution, neat battery backup, clear sound, very good touch response. Only negative I found so far is it's a little heavy compared to his competitors. I'll give a "Yes" to people who plans to buy this phone.
Ordered Lenovo S890 thru Flipkart. Shipping & Delivery is good as usual. Coming to the phone its just Awesome!! Bright large screen, Smooth performance, clear call quality, very good battery(which lasts 2days for medium usage). Only negative with this phone is the Camera quality(images are not sharp). But at this price point this mobile is worth a buy. Am loving it. These are my first impressions and will review it after using it for couple of months. Santosh
I wanted to have a hands on experience about the phone and so I visited almost every mobile retail outlet in 3 - 4 malls. I was surprised that this was available with only one retail chain and the price was Rs. 2, 000/- more. The specs is amazing considering the price of Rs. 15, 099/- when I bought it. You cannot actually compare this with any other phone as anything better than this is close to Rs. 18, 000 - Rs. 20, 000/-. 5" Screen is not recommendable for men, unless you are roaming in suits. But this is definitely a phone which you could gift it to any women as it would easily fit in to a handbag and doesn't look awkward while attending calls (because of its size). Flipkart initially said 4 -5 days for delivery but I got it in just 2 days. So hats off to speedy delivery and the lowest price offer.
I am facing touch screen issue after 1 1/2 years of usage. Key pads are not working. Mobile hangs up in the middle of the 3G call.
camera supperb, battery 1 day ,can't play HD videos,..............................................................................................
After 9 months of purchase its still working fine. Battery is not so good but work fine. camera look like 5mp. else great....
The service of flipkart is amazing. After using this product for one week, I felt this phone is a good phone, with an average quality of camera. There is no delay in its operation and process, that is the good part of this product. The things making me unhappy are, one is its heaviness, another thing is its 8MP camera, which works as 3MP camera of SAMSUNG phones. Battery is ok, and phone looks good, when its on table rather than on your hand. (considering its weight).. Other features are good. And a normal Android phone, you will not find anything amazing in this.
lenovo service support is Very Very Poor in INDIA. Waiting for Nearly a month for my Smart Phone S-890 Service, There is no Spares available in their Service center, even in Coimbatore. HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED. No Response till today from 19/06/2014
I bought this phone around a month ago. I can say it's simply great phone. the touch is excellent. Design is beautiful. the battery backup is good. Graphic is great and till today I didn't see a single lag even while playing. I cannot complaint. The only tiny problem is 4g internal memory is actually 2 and some of the apps won't go on the sd card, so you have to manage and keep the internal memory from cache with applications like cache sweeper. But don't worry apps like viber, skype and most of the games are movable to sd card.
On Lenovo S890: Very good display, flawless speed on gaming, quality snaps from rear camera, proximity sensor works very well for third party apps too. Excellent buy. Go ahead. On Flipkart: Safely packaged. Delivered On time.
For 12k this mobile is very good in my view.This mobile internal storage is partitioned so it becomes internal storage 2gb and Usb storage 2gb, OS might be installed in Internal storage assume that OS is taking 1.5 gb so remaining 500 MB is free.Totally 2.5GB when we added USB storage too.My question is whether we can only install apps in the remaining 500MB internal storage or we can install the apps in USB storage.Please help me .I am in the mindset of buying this mobile.
This phone is the best phone in its category and great value for money paid,Solid built Battery back up is too good compared with all other phones in this range, display is awesome but camera lacks clarity in dull light I would recommend this phone although go for some latest lenovo products If you wan to buy any phone like micromax,xolo,karbon,lava, or even samsung for that you can just close your eyes and buy a lenovo product any day since the pricing is too good and products are awesome, my freinds have recently bought latest lenovo's and I can vouch that its just value for money product
At 14490, this is probably the max you can get. I've used it for over 5 months now and it has performed reasonably well. Here are the pros and cons of this product. Pros : 1. 5 inch display 2. Low price - However, with MOTO G in the market now, you may have to consider your options. 3. Headphones are quite good. Cons : 1. Average or slightly below average camera - Applies to both video and photos. 2. Slightly low resolution display. 3. Poor speakers. 4. Slightly heavy .. Neutral : 1. Battery back is quite ok ok.. 2. Android 4.1 , Not the latest :( .. but at 14K, you can't expect the latest even .. 3. The phone hangs sometimes. 4. Feels very delicate , when you hold - You definitely need a protective case/cover. Overall, it's a satisfactory product. I believe it's worth it's price.
phone is good. i don't feel any problem . phone is little bit heavy . The camera is outstanding.
the battery is good. Not a single issue so far. Working fine, its a real value for money phone. Not much good for heavy users, but more than enough for average phone users
Amazing phone... good service by flipkart as well.. phone looks good.... touch is not as smooth as other phones but still worth it... display again cant be compared to canvas hd or other phones... but still its the best in the budget... camera and other specs are fine too.... battery is amazing... stands for 1.5days. price should have been 2k less...would have been better contrary to what people said that its a heavy phone, its lighter compared to canvas HD or samsung galaxy grand and its almost of the same display screen as them. overall a good phone by lenovo... it stands upto its brand... go for it guys if you want a good phone within this budget...
This is my second purchase after the Lenovo P770; & i must say Lenovo is doing great job with their SMARTPHONES, Super Build Quality & Features as compared with other leading Global Brands.
The phone performance is good. Battery takes long time for full charging(more than 4-5 hours). Don't know if this is the case for other buyers also. Camera is 8 mega pixel, however the image is bad when photo is taken at night.
I bought this mobile 2 week ago and me really surprised from its performance. The camera quality both front and rear is very good,internet speed is too fast, there is no any hanging problem and the thing which i like most is its display quality and its touch which is like feather. And i don't have words for its battery backups.
One of my best choice. Excellent service. Battery back up very good. Excellent Look. Very confortable. Sound very good. Very attractive.
Hai Recently i Bought dis lenevo s 890 mobile from Flipkart.......Flipkart delivery very very fast, Display clarity An camera quality good,,Disadvantage so struggling to install high file size apps.Internal memory space less than 1gb only availble to install the apps an games...after few months mobile Hanged Frequently...
All the features in this phone are extremely impressing and im really satisfied with the phone!! The charge backup is really good and the camera is also awesome.
First thing very good service from flipkart truly very impressed by it..! I got phone delivered within 28hrs of order placing. Coming to the phone, I purchased it to my dad and feels so good in hand and impressive features even.. Looks are killing and performance is not bad.. very happy with flipkart and phone also:-)
Guys I bought this phone around a month ago & here are the reviews-> 1.Amazing battery.. Last for almost two days.. 2.1 GB RAM which is much enough to play High Quality games.. I played GTA 3,Asphalt 7 on my device & they were buttery smooth.. No lag 3. 8 MP camera which is quite decent(Not as much as Grand But still manageable) 4.Great Display Guys jst go for it..
just bought this phone from flipkart deliveried within a day, positive points * Touch response is very good . * It play games like temple run,subway surfers etc without any Lag. * HD Recording . * specifications are amazing considering the price. Negative point * little Heavier than others (176g)
This phone is a true masterpiece. I should really admit that lenovo has put its heart and soul in this ideaphone. The phone is surely the best in the mid range smartphone segment. The phone beats the likes of samsung galaxy grand, Lg optimus L9, HTC one S and Sony Xperia L. I shouldn`t compare Micromax and karboon because brand matters. The magical flip cover adds to the charm. The look is a very stylish one and the metal casing at the sides are just great. The display is 220ppi but the IPS panel makes it feel like 250ppi. So no issues with the display. The proessor is overclocke at 1.2Ghz but the extra battery gives a great backup. There is no problem with the device getting heated. All the major games like temple run2, Subway Surfers, Stick cricket, NFS are ruuning very smoothly. This phone just works... Pros: Brilliant design and UI Super smooth processor Very good camera Battery Backup Cons: A bit heavy (176 gms) Full HD recording not supported. Overall : Definitely the best smart phone under 15k and much much better than any smartphone with 1 to 1.2ghz processor. This is a must buy if you are planning to go for it....:)
Hi Guyz, I bought this phone from Flipkart. My experience with this phone is amazing. It has good Battery backup, smooth touch experience, good quality sound, beautiful look and perfect hardware configuration to match with Jelly bean OS { **So phone works smoothly }. My suggestion is just close your eyes and buy it. This phone is better than SamSung Grand....Good Luck...Go for it... ;)
got to know about dis mobile...which is jst superb recently on a tech. magazine... less marketing by lenevo on it's phones, but hs superb attitude n quality.... i need it's BLUE colour s890..as it's blue colour is in more demand..... hope to see it soon!!!!!!!!! br8 phone
