MOBDS9YNGHZYKFEB
1. it does not have cut copy paste option 2. it does lag and slow still manageable 3. camera is Fixed but still captures good images 4. if u r using internet then 2nd sim will be out network ucant use 2nd sim 5. wifi usage is ok cannot be said good 6. u cannot customize the home screen wallpaper u can only customize lock screen wallpaper nor u can customize the time widget on the lock screen 7. it does not have smart dialing 8. u cannot use 2 app simultaneously if u r installing or using whats app n suddenly u receive a call it gets slow or hangs some times 9. there is no equalizer in the music player. 10. don't buy as a smartphone Nokia advertises as a smartphone but actually its not.. not even a 1% of smartphone 11. its not good for user who do mailing touch is really responsive. i bought this phone for 3g and life time whats app only edit after more use u cannot search a song in music player u cannot select a ringtone in filemanager u cannot search a tone even while selecting for ringtone camera is really good even in lowlight in short its just a waste of money
A 3 inch screen in the world of Phablets.Java based OS you could get NOKIA Lumia 520 if u pay Rs.500 more. You can go for great android phone from MICROMAX such as Canvas Fun A74
this phone is for those who wants durability and robust design. Other basic needs like 3G, Calling facilities, camera, design,music playing, social networking facilities are very good. but if you wants games then go for other mobile. otherwise phone is very good.
"I always get something special from my parents on the New Year and so I was very much excited about my gift this year as well. I didn’t know what I was going to get until I got a box, wrapped with a gift paper, on my bed when I woke up on the 1st of January and without thinking twice, I started unwrapping it. To my utmost pleasure and excitement, I found it out to be a box containing a Nokia Asha 503. I had heard a lot about the device on the television and even saw advertisements of it on the web, but I didn’t really know how it would perform. But trust me, once I started using it, I found it out to be an amazing device and this is also one of the best mobile phones I have ever used in my life. All thanks to my loving parents, I have got a phone which probably I wanted for so long now! The best part about the phone is that it looks awesome. I have got the peppy yellow coloured one and glass shield makes the device all the more shiny and fabulous. It is an affordable device but no one would be able to guess its price at the very first look of it. It looks sophisticated and the feature it has further enhances its beauty. I have always been a shutterbug and the 5 MP camera of the device clicks amazing snaps in just a single tap on the screen. Also, with the help of the 3G internet, I can now upload the clicked snaps on my social profiles at a lightning fast speed. The Nokia Xpress Browser is fast enough to open all the social networks, email accounts, and other links on the web swiftly. Reading and replying back to my work emails, chatting with my friends via the social network, etc, are all now easy with my Nokia Asha 503. The Fastlane is another amazing feature of the device. It simply manages all my recent activities in one single window so that I can jump to any one of them with just a single swipe. My Facebook updates, tweets, emails, calendar events and all are now available in just one window. It makes things so much easier for me. Remembering my friends’ anniversaries and birthdays are not a trouble anymore. Fastlane helps me like anything! I am a Whatsapp addict and this phone has Line and WeChat as well. With all these social apps I can now be in touch with my friends on the go. No matter how busy I am at work, I am always available for them via these social apps. The dual SIM device is seriously a wonder and it has become one of my best buddies now. All thanks to my parents that they thought about gifting me this device this New Year. Undoubtedly, Nokia Asha 503 is one of the most precious New Year gifts I have ever got till date! " go for it guys right now
A good alternative for andriod phone. with all required specs and apps.. A worth money phone. with best seen battery backup.
This phone is built really well. The single home button ASHA OS takes getting used to, it has a really old school look (think early 2000s) and is slow. This phone does most basic things ok including social networking and has a basic browser. GOOD ENOUGH TO WRITE A REVIEW WITH.
hi guys "My Nokia Asha 503 was a long awaited gift from my parents as they had promised me to buy me a new phone on this New Year. I was desperately waiting for the gift and my parents kept their promise. The phone is a great one and I have absolutely fallen in love with it. The way it performs and the feature it has are all great. Fastlane is a feature which makes mobile browsing easier. I can now find all my recent updates on a single window. Starting from my social networks, my emails, calendar events etc, all these are now available in just a single screen. The 5 MP camera lets me click awesome images and the 3G data plan lets me browse through the web at a lightning fast speed. Social apps like Whatsapp, Line and WeChat are already present on the device and this way I am always in touch with my friends. With the Nokia Xpress browser, browsing through the web on the phone is easier like anything. To put it precisely, Nokia Asha 503 is a phone which everybody would love to use. Thanks to my parents for gifting me the best device at the starting of this year. "my dream comes true
Pros:looks descent handy,glossy scratch resistent corning gorilla glass-2 [no problem of sticking screen guard] 5mp camera with flash fastlane,status update,easy sharing crystal finish nice finish swipe camera anything just a swipe 3G available [in nokia 3G mobile is rare] Cons:no cons that the big cons Tips:Buy white colour because of crystal glass finish other colour will highlightely note the finger print but white will does show that BEST BRANDED MOBILE WITH 3G UNDER 7000 AND ALSO NO:1 SOCIAL NETWORK,WITH AMAZING LOOK MOBILE.
"Every year I celebrate my birthday on the 31st of December and hence, I always get amazing gifts from my friends and family as it is also the occasion of ushering New Year. This year, however, I got something very precious from my friends on my special day. They always used to bring cakes, or soft toys, or clothes, or handbags, etc. But this time, they gifted me a Nokia Asha 503. I never knew that they would gift me a mobile phone as they are always very expensive but my friends told me that it is a very affordable Smartphone and the features it offers are absolutely classy! It’s probably the fifth mobile phone I am using and I must say that the features it offers, along with its affordable pricing, is indeed something which makes Nokia Asha 503 a must have phone for many, including me! This year, I celebrated my birthday with my friends and the best part of the evening was the time when I got my gift in hand. I opened the box and the first thing which grabbed my attention was the peppy yellow colour of the device. As my friends say, I am obsessed with the colour yellow and starting from my nail paint to my handbag and clothes, I always prefer to wear a tinge of this colour. Hence, it was but obvious that they will buy the yellow one for me. But it is not only the colour of the phone which I liked but the way it performs, it actually made me fall for it. The Fastlane feature of the phone is actually like my personal assistant who helps me to be up to date and remember the upcoming important dates. It keeps all my recent social activities, the calendar events, my emails and everything in a single window. I can now reach out to any of them with a single swipe and it makes my mobile browsing all the more easier. The 5 MP camera of the phone clicks pretty good pictures and the camera quality is indeed great as compared to the affordable price of the device. Also, with the help of the Nokia Xpress Browser and the 3G internet plan, I can upload the clicked snaps quickly on my social profiles. Browsing through the web on my phone, going through Facebook, Twitter, etc all now happens at a lightning fast speed. I use a SIM card for my work and the other one for my personal communications and as my Nokia Asha 503 is a dual SIM one, it makes carrying these two SIM cards easier. Also, it remembers the configurations of upto 5 SIM cards and hence, I can now jump from one to the other without losing the data of any of them. There are many other exciting features available on the device and it just makes me feel so much comfortable with it. Even after using so many Smartphones before, one thing is clear that Nokia Asha 503 can always compete to be the superior of all. " asha 503 wiht reliability of nokia wohhh
hi everybody"I got my Nokia Asha 503 as a birthday gift from my parents and as it was also the first day of this year, i.e. the 1st of January, it came to me as a very special one. Every year I get something special from my parents on my birthday, along with the New Year wishes from my friends and family members. But this year, the gift was something which I wanted for long. I wanted to buy a Smartphone for myself for so long and this time, my parents gifted me what I loved the most. My Nokia Asha 503 is an amazing phone with different features. The Fastlane app is an exclusive feature on the Asha devices and I had heard about it before only. This time, I got to use it for myself and it is indeed great. It keeps all my recent activities in a single window and I can swipe to any of them. The dual SIM phone makes browsing easier with the help of the Nokia Xpress Browser. It makes browsing faster on the web. I have got social apps like Whatsapp, Line and WeChat and this way I am always in touch with my friends. Nokia Asha 503 is an amazing phone and I have become a fan of it.i think that in this price range this device will rockkkkkkk
Its a good phone for its price. I am using it for around a week. The good things are Good thing 1- The back cover is very nice. Gives the glss coating feeling 2- the screen although it's 3 inch its understandable but the feel of the touch is awsome 3- the cost I bought it for 6800 but a Nokia phone under 7000 with 3G is cool 4- the browsing it has 3G and u should use it it's too good downloading things like game and music 5-the music section u can use Nokia music store for 3 months for free (use 3G or wifi for it) 6-the songs can be searched very fast and the earphones available in the box are very nice 7-the camera its 5mp and it's awsome the clarity is very nice with flash 8-the fast lane the fast lane is very fast and usefull u can see all thing installed and used or played I say that if u want a want a very good phone under 7000 with a good camera and a smooth touch than I tell u that u should buy this phone Peace
This Mobile was purchased for My father.Really Nice and cheapest.I like this specifications.Mobile is awesome.
I got this phone on yesterday. Thanks to flipkart for shipping it on time. Packing is good. This smart phone is ideal for people who need long battery power. All features are good and amazing. Don't expect any apps to use in this phone because it has only 128 MB memory. Only the disappoints is screen has low resolution.
Product is good. Worth the price. The feature are good, don't compare this phone with other, as this is not fully smart phone. Yet it has all the feature. Phone speed is good. What'sapp is pre installed. While using whatsapp you will face lag. 5mp Cam is good in morning and in well lit conditions but not during night. Don't expect any app on this phone. Reception and Cal quality is good. Nokia it keeps it standard for long battery life, you can get 2-2 1/2 half days of battery life. Over its a good phone for its price.
Mobile is damn good in case of battery n network reception, Whatsapp works well, Camera (5mp) is excellent compared to X series of Nokia, Battery with 3G on last for 2-2.5 days, Its java phone so do not support Android / windows app, very few games, very handy phone.
Nice built, i love the rectangular design. Best phone for this price. I got yellow one for Rs.3899. Delivery on time. Don't hesitate to shop with flipkart.
This phone is very very slow. Hardly 5 apps are installed and it takes 3-5 mins just to open the Whatsapp.
it is very bad phone , from first day itself i was getting trouble with that mainly hang issue is coming while doing internet enable ,looking very cheap
IT IS STABLE RATE OF NOKIA HAVING ALL FEATURES TO ACCESS OUR FUTURE .IT HAD ALL SOCIAL NETWORKS TO SHARE OUR THOUGHS AND NEWS.I THINK THE SIZE OF THE PHONE IS LESS.THIS IS ONE OF THE COST EFFICIENT PHONE FROM NOKIA.IF U THNK TO BUY A PHONE RANGING FROM 3000TO 5000 RS U CAN BUY THIS.I THINK THERE ARE ONLY FEW APPS IN IT.ASHA501,2,3 HAD BEST FEATURES.
good service...........Provide a relevant, unbiased product. Many people are interested in the pros and cons of the product.
i bought this cell phone as a birthday a birthday present for my Mom. She loved it and i was happy too that this phone was under my budget..:)..
its a good phone but camera quality is bad but for low budget phone its a good option so if you want whatsapp, wechat, line in 4000 rs mobile than u will go for it
Dont buy.... waste of money I requested for a return and the Flipkart is trying to arrange a return for it.
Excellent mobile looks wise. Fits perfectly in the palm. Good for basic needs like basic surfing, calls and msgs. I don't play games so not an issue. The cam is excellent for its price and generally nokia cams are very good. Whats app is the other feature I use. but generally the mobile becomes a fraction slow when whats app is ON. Music listening not the best (compared to other asha phones) but not bad either. it is still good.
Hello All , I bought this product on 31st of december for 3999 Rs. I wanted a simple and still stylish phone with average features.Now i see for no reason Flipkart has increased the price. seriously this phone is not worth buying @ 4899. yes if durablitiy & simplicity is considered and you need a stylish phone which looks real cute . go for rich red colour.. 3 star for the phone @ 3999 but 2 star @ 4899 Rs. thanks Amar
nokia asha 503 is a amazing smartphone.i was nervousto buying this phone because i don't no about asha series .but when i brought this phone i was surprised because it is very good smartphone it works very smothly whts app,line,wechat and facebook works smoothly.so don't scare to buy asha 503.
NICE MOBILE PHONE WITH 3G ENABLED.. CAMERA (5 MP WITH FLESH) QUALITY REALLY GUD.. WHATSAPP IS NICE WORKING.. HAVE TROUBLE WITH BATTERY BACKUP & NO USB CONNECTIVITY WITH PC.. CANT SUPPORT PDF N DOC FILES.,
Ya to say its a very small screen ..... got it as a gift for my mom ... it is jst amazing, small but has everything that my mom would use and even stuff that she does not use also(like whats app) Cam is super for that price.
The phone may look small, but don't go by its size. It packs a punch and is solid performer. You get features like 3G, Wifi, dual SIM, camera, music player, social networking apps, OneDrive integration built in. The glass shield at the back makes the phone look polished and classy. Fast lane is another amazing feature that very few entry level phones can boast of. You don't have to individually open the apps. Everything is there on you home screen. Camera is pretty good. However it does lag sometime. And not very good for playing games. If these things don't bother you, then go for this phone, it the best you can get for under 5K.
This is one of the best product Nokia has launched in recent years. Really a great product, bought it for 3.6k on flipkart. Best Feartures: 1.amazing touch resposnse. 2.Wi-fi 3.Nokia mix radio after software updates 4.Good games free download for 60 days. Only con is that it lags sometimes but that can be managable. Otherwise a great product Thanks to flipkart for amazingly fast delivery. Recieved in one and half days. Really awesome service.
I am using nokia asha 503 for 1yr and I bought at 5K .. they have slashed the prices unbelievably.. its so cheaper now.. .. but i am dissappointed because it hangs a lot while surfing net.. and has low volume for music.. moreover it doesn't have a equaliser.. I had thought that since its an asha series .. would be having best audible music.. but to my horror my older versions of nokia are better... nokia apps are too boring.. dn't have much games option.. i couldn't send an audio through whatsapp.. lots of irrelevant apps like line , icare, we chat, chat, the weather channel, goal, gift, get me rated.. basically its too boring.. :(
so i was pretty nervous buy phone online but thanks to flipkart breaking the notion. well Nokia asha 503 is another great product from the great Nokia corp and at this price point one cant get this sexy 5mp cam with flash and lastly.. I would recommend.. check out the superb glass finish back cover ;)
My Freind Those who are looking for apps based phone, don't buy it. But those are looking for good phone with very good net connection and wifi, camera buy it. It has very good camera, you can share it directly to the net.
Its better to pay little more and buy a better product. This phone does not have even the basic feature of contact groups
Nokia should discontinue this phone..This phone not even has call blocker,sms blocker,black list, white list etc..back dated.. a toy phone..
Its totally waste of money If you do more than just talking... Feels like its softwares are hanging somewhere else. . .! Didn't recommend you people If you are above an average user...
The phone is simply AWSOMEEE. This device contains all basic needs that a phone can give.. Just the basic.. One cannot xpect the same performance of an android device. Though you can get a android device for the same pricing which delivers higher performance it all narrows down to personal choice of what you expect from a phone. Though i am a tech savvy i am just satisfied with wat the device offers.
I bought this phone from the local "Mobile Store" because they were selling it at half a thousand less than FK and also, apparently for some reason, FK needs 10 freakin' days to deliver a product to Jamshedpur. Anyways, the phone, in simple words, is pretty good. I find people cribbing about its creen size. Come on guys, the specs mention it to be 3 inches. How big do you think that is? The touch screen is very responsive and Fastlane is pretty awesome. You can in fact customise it to display only certain info so that it does not become cluttered. The integrated Nokia browser is extremely fast and performs very well even in 2G. The screen size might make it a bit of a problem typing sms especially if you are used to using those football ground sized Samsung phones, but I have got used to it. I am sure everybody will. The word suggestions are pretty accurate. That said, this is a good phone if you do not need to use the internet often, say in cases, where you have a second phone, like I have a Nexus4. The screen size will seriously limit viewing internet pages. However, this is a pretty awesome phone of you can make do with calls, sms and whatsapp. Anything else, and the lack of screen space starts to haunt a bit. And the battery has Nokia written all over it. It lasted a full 2 days and still had some amount left. Call and reception qualities are awesome. Finally, this phone is so much better than similar priced Samsung Android phones that lag like hell. And the less said about Micromax and their service, the better. My suggestion, go for it.
Nokia, better stop giving shit to users. There are better phones in this price range. Buy this phone only if u want to feel like u r still in the early days of a smartphone age.
I have always be a fan of flipkart and your service. I have bought this phone because it looks to0 pretty. When i got it I became upset because of nokia. I have bought a Lumia 520 earlier. which was cost around 7200. Nokia lumia 520 and asha 503 has a price difference less than a thousand but very poor in resolution. If i had seen it before i'll never buy it. I would go to lumia 520 again.
I have used the product. It is very nice and user friendly. I haven't got any problem till yet. The Red color is so eye catching & highly appreciable in my friend circle. Good. :)
My previous phone was a Nokia Asha 303; I bought this one after two years of good service from the previous one (it still works, but the music player jack has gone wonky). It is a new platform, which has some good things and some bad things. The UI has undergone a major redesign and definitely is improved; nicer fonts, clearer organization and the use of tiles (for example, to replace speed dial in the contacts list). That is probably the best feature of this phone. Other than this, here are my observations in no particular order a) Camera is definitely better b) Fastlane is a very useful feature, more than I expected. c) Swipe down menu is similar to the hard keys that I used to have previously, except that it doesn't contain the messaging menu. Thus, if I am using the browser and a message comes, I can go and read it, but if I have to send a message, I have to exit the browser and open the messaging app. That's annoying. d) Nokia's browser is still pretty sad, but Opera works fine on this. e) Wifi and 3G connectivity is rock solid as always. f) The music player is a step backwards. It doesn't handle genres, it doesn't remember the position within a playlist, it doesn't handle length correctly for downloaded music files. I have no idea why. g) The online help is shockingly bad. h) There is no way of seeing the power status i.e. %age of battery left, but that is a pretty meaningless metric.
This phone doesn't have any Voice Call recording service, even you can't block a number for incoming sms and call. Second this phone don't have any option to switch off auto rotate, screen will rotate anytime if you are holding it properly. 3rd you will not able to see attachment file PDF, WORD, EXCEL.. Camera is quite ok, but no retouching software available for the phone. You will get very few apps for it. First SIM will work for edge PC connectivity. You can never install Skype on it.
I have not bought this phone from Flipkart but has been gifted to me. Since I was using Lumia 720 and an old N73, but 503 has 3G feature with dual sim capability that's why I tried it. I found some positives and negatives from this phone listed below: #1. Build: Is quite good, have a crystal look over its body and of course it seems durable also. Have Corning Gorilla Glass feature which is nice that overall makes this phone a good looking reliable phone. It is glossy at the back and thus prone to finger prints #2. Display and Touch: Display is pretty decent but resolution is only 320x240 pixels. HD Videos and pictures might not be sharp clear on this screen. Have Nice viewing angles, colour reproduction is quite good with perfect balance of black and white. Can pinch zoom pictures taken by the camera easily. #3.Camera: Quality is good with 5MP and flash. Timer, auto/no flash, exposure, white balance, effects are present. Day time pictures are very good, but night time pics with flash has some whitish faces, might be possible I am not able to achieve the perfect settings at night time. Videos taken by the camera are good and stable. Overall camera wise also it is good. Need some applications to enhance the camera features just as in Lumia devices (habitual to me using a Nokia camera) #4 Memory: Internal memory is low 128MB only, but all Nokia devices has only small bit of memories. I don't know WHY??? Due to small RAM and Internal memory ,phone seems slow at several times. To avoid this, use memory card for storage of music and photos and keep the internal memory free as much as possible . It will be a good habit if the phone is switched off and then on after few days or as required. #5 Fastlane Software: It is nice operating system to have on a touch screen. Calendar planning for today, birthdays and status at social sites can easily be covered at the top. Beneath are the apps or calls, messages, etc whatever has been done on the phone enlisted day by day. Also can be cleared from the screen if want to hide them. Sliding from top of screen has the buttons for dual sim usage, mobile data, wifi, bluetooth. Some games are also provided that can be only time pass. Whatsapp, We chat, LINE is given. But you need to cautious regarding your memory with high frequency usages of these apps. WiFi is fine but not as fast as in Lumia range. Nokia express browser is present that consumes much less bandwidth of internet. Youtube videos can be played and downloaded in the phone. Here also phone covers a lot but my opinion is that it should have some more memory registers on the chip. Facebook, Twitter, Nokia Music, FM radio is present but no recorder for FM. #6. Call Clarity: It is good and have noise cancellation feature that makes call clarity better. Ear piece volume is good but speaker volume at calls is much lower than my old one N73 phone. Verdict: Finally, the phone is good with nice features on a smaller budget with good battery life but somewhere lags in memory if utilized enough or otherwise rest is Awesome.
"My husband gifted me the new Nokia Asha 503 on my birthday this year and as it was also the beginning of the New Year, he thought about gifting me something special. So, he bought this Smartphone and it is indeed very special in every single way. The amazing features of the phone help me to enjoy a great experience. The peppy blue colour of the device, glass shield makes it all the more bright and the 5 MP camera are some of the things which will grab your attention at the very first instance! The Fastlane is probably the most talked about feature of the phone. It keeps all my recent activities in a single window. My recent Facebook updates, my recent tweets, my upcoming calendar events and much more are all now available in just a few clicks. The Nokia Xpress Browser lets me browse through the internet at an amazing fast speed and the 3G connection lets me upload my pictures in seconds. The social apps like Whatsapp, WeChat and Line are also available on the device and this way I am never away from my friends. There are many other amazing features on the device and this is one of the sweetest birthday gifts I have ever got in my life. " A nice affordable mobile with nice features
"I am a mobile geek and I love spending money in buying new handsets for myself. This year, however, I wanted to buy something affordable. My budget wasn’t very high this as I had spend a lot in Christmas and New Year parties with friends. So, after searching a bit on the web, I bought the Nokia Asha 503. At the very first look, no one can tell that it isn’t an expensive device. Also, the features it has actually made me think that how come Nokia presented something so superior at such an affordable price. The best feature of the device is the Fastlane which keeps all my activities on a single window. I can now find all my social profile updates, calendar events, etc with just a single swipe on the screen. The 5 MP camera helps me to click awesome snaps and the 3G lightning fast internet connection helps me to upload the pictures with a single click on my social profiles. Social apps like Whatsapp, Line and WeChat are already available on the device and it feels as if social networking has got a new name with it. I am really fond of my Asha 503 now and it has really satisfied me with all its apps and features. " this mobile will rock
"On this New Year, my dad presented me with an all new Nokia Asha 503! Every year I get something special from him on the New Year and this time, it was a shiny looking mobile phone. Although I wasn’t that sure about the expertise of the device, after using it for a while now, I can vouch for its efficiency. The phone has everything which a Smartphone should have. It looks great with the glass shell and the peppy yellow colour and also performs equally better! The best thing about the phone is that it is not that pricey at all. The Fastlane is a feature which comes exclusively with this device. It makes mobile browsing easier for me. All my recent activities and updates are now kept on one single window with the help of the Fastlane and I can now jump to any one of them in a single swipe on the screen. The Nokia Xpress Browser lets me browse through the internet at a lightning fast speed along with the 3G connection. The 5 MP camera clicks awesome images and the light weight of the device makes it a very attractive one. I am in love with my Nokia Asha 503 in just a few days. " An affordable device with good features
"I was in no mood of buying a new mobile phone but I had to buy one as I lost my previous one at the Christmas party in a pub. That phone was one of my favourite ones and I was really depressed after losing the same. But now I can say that it was a blessing in disguise. I had to buy a new phone and as my budget wasn’t that high, I started looking for some affordable mobile phone and then I got hold of the Asha 503. I searched for some affordable mobile phones and finally bought the Nokia Asha 503. It performs really well I must say. The Fastlane is a feature which keeps all my recent updates in a single window and I can jump to any one of them with just a single swipe. The phone has a 5 MP camera which clicks amazing pictures. Also, social apps like Whatsapp, WeChat and Line comes in handy with the device and this way I am always in touch with my friends. Also, the phone allows me to use 2 SIM cards as it’s a dual SIM phone and this way, things become much more comfortable. " go for this guys
Superb and Quick Service.Awesome Phone By Nokia. Love the Phone.Value for Money. Awesome Touchscreen.Laggy A bit
Not satisfied the with E-Mail Client and Facebook Client. Better to go for 501 instead of paying premium for 3G
very smart beautiful look and better now wow excellent amazing good one very smart beautiful look and better now wow excellent amazing good one very smart beautiful look and better now wow excellent amazing good one very smart beautiful look and better now wow excellent amazing good one very smart beautiful look and better now wow excellent amazing good one very smart beautiful look and better now wow excellent amazing good one very smart beautiful look and better now wow excellent amazing good one
Its a good phone. Build quality is as expected from nokia. Touch is smooth and overall feel is rather nice. I bought the phone for making calls and occsional net browsing/mail checking. its is able to do all that quite well. and unless i play games for long time the battery life time is also good. I love the phone. But it is getting 4 stars: 1. Sometimes while taking a call the phone gets disconnected because of the smooth touch ;-( 2. I cannot uninstall the preinstalled apps.
"Nokia Asha 503 is a phone which I got as a New Year present from my fiancé. He stays abroad and this time he visited me with a surprise gift. He bought me a Nokia Asha 503, a yellow coloured Smartphone, which works great. I never knew that he would gift me a phone, however, I was in need of a Smartphone for the past few days. He just told me that it is a surprise and I was indeed surprised after getting the phone in hand. The phone looks great and the plastic shield makes it look shiny and bright. There are many amazing features available with the device and the Fastlane is one which is present exclusively on this phone. It keeps all my activities in one single window and also it helps me to remember my friends’ birthdays and other calendar events. The phone also has a 5 MP camera which clicks great pictures. And the Whatsapp, Line and WeChat keep me busy all the time with my friends! The Nokia Xpress Browser is quick and simple and now I can go through my emails and my social network at lightning fast speed with the 3G data. " a device for all as its very affordable
"My sister is also my best friend and we are together since our birth. We are twins and we even got job in the same company. On this New Year, we thought about gifting each other something exciting as well as which will be identical. So, we gifted each other a mobile phone, a Nokia Asha 503. I gave her the yellow one and she bought me the red one. But one thing I can say that we both have fallen in love with the device. It performs great and looks equally awesome. The Fastlane is a very unique feature about the device which keeps all my recent updates in a single window. Be it my Facebook updates, my tweets, my emails, upcoming calendar events, etc, all are now available at one single place and I can move to any one of them in just a single click. Other than Fastlane, the 5 MP camera lets us click bright and beautiful snaps on the go. With the 3G internet connection, uploading those snaps on the social profiles is just a matter of a few seconds. There are much more to this device and my Nokia Asha 503 is indeed a great phone which is also affordable. " a affordable device for all
"I bought the yellow coloured Nokia Asha 503 for myself at the starting of this year as I wanted to change my old mobile phone. It was literally too old to be used even after 4 long years and although my budget wasn’t that huge, I bought myself Asha 503 which didn’t dime a dozen. But the amazing fact about the device is that it’s sufficiently equipped with a number of different apps and features and this way, it has become one of my favourite devices till now! One of the features which I was really looking forward to was the Fastlane and it keeps all my recent activities in one single window. My Facebook updates, my recent tweets, the emails, all the upcoming calendar events, etc are all now available in just one single window. I can switch to any one of them with just a single swipe and this makes my mobile browsing all the more easier. The 5 MP camera always captures great images and I can now click fine snaps whenever I am on the go. There are many other features available on the device and I know that I wouldn’t have got anything better than this at such a price. everybody should look at this once
"Every year I celebrate my birthday on the 1st week of January and as always, I get special gifts from my parents. This year also they gifted me clothes and chocolates but what my brother gave me, I will cherish it for long. It will be one of the most precious gifts I have ever got in my life and all thanks goes to my elder bro! I wanted to buy a Smartphone for myself since the past few days but I was unable to save for the same! I had made severe expenses on the Christmas and New Year’s party with friends and I knew that I won’t be able to buy a device before March or so. But my brother wanted me to be happy on my special day and so, he bought a Nokia Asha 503! Although I was trying to buy some other phone, after using this device for quite some days now, I have realised that my brother has got great choice when it comes to electronic device. Apart from the fact that the phone looks great, the features of the device are equally awesome. There are a number of features present on the device which will make anyone its fan. The Fastlane is a feature which is probably the best thing in this device. It keeps all my recent updates in one single window and it becomes easier for me to keep a track of all. All my Facebook updates, my tweets, my email updates, calendar events, and other things are all present on one window and this way, I can move to any one of them in just a single click. The 5 megapixel camera of the device is also great. At such a low price of the phone, the camera still works well. It helps me to click amazing snaps on the go. Also, the 3G internet connection lets me upload all these pictures on my social profiles. The Nokia Xpress Browser is swift and fast. Browsing through the web on my phone is so simple now. I can read and revert back to my college emails, Google anything on the web and do anything on the web at such a fast speed. Another thing which I love about the device is that it is preloaded with the social apps like Whatsapp, WeChat and Line. This helps me to be in touch with my pals all the time. I communicate with them through instant messages, images, videos and what not! This simply makes communication so much easy! My Nokia Asha 503 is indeed a phone which has made me its fan! There are so much more to this phone that one will get to know this only after using it. I love my brother for giving me this phone and I know that I couldn’t have got anything better than this as a birthday gift this year. 2014 has started and I have started it with an all new mobile phone for myself. " a great affordable device
"I wanted a new mobile phone for so many days and finally my parents gifted me with one. But they didn’t tell me what they were thinking about buying for me. So, I didn’t know what was in store for me till the very last moment. As I woke up on the 1st of January, I saw that my gift was lying there on the breakfast table. I was pretty excited and started opening the wrapper and found out that it was a mobile phone, a Nokia Asha 503! I wanted something else and my parents bought me this one and I was really upset about it. But trust me, after using the device for quite some time now, I have realised that I couldn’t have used anything better than this. Not only does the phone look great but it also performs really well. All the features on the device are of A Class. It keeps me entertained whenever I am bored, helps me in my college work and also lets me be in touch with my pals all the time. All these things have made me fall for the device. I am no longer upset with my parents now and I really thank them for choosing the best one for me. There are many attractive features of the phone and what I love about it is the way it looks. I am a lover of the colour red and my parents intentionally bought the red one for me. Also, the phone has a glass shield which keeps it safe and adds a shiny texture to it. The colour of the shells can however be changed whenever I wish to but I prefer to keep it red as I love it! The social apps which were already present on the phone like Whatsapp, Line and WeChat keeps me in constant touch with my friends. Communication with them via instant messages, sending them pictures, videos and voice records, etc are all now so easy with these apps. Another amazing feature of the device called the Fastlane has really grabbed my attention on the very first day of using it. It simply acquires all my recent updates and keeps them all in a single window. This way, I am always available to the updates and I can jump to any of them with just a single swipe on the screen. All my Facebook updates, recent tweets, emails and calendar updates are now present on one single screen with the help of Fastlane. The phone also has a 5 megapixel camera and it clicks quite great snaps as well. Also, uploading them quickly on my social profiles is easy with the 3G data plan! The Nokia Xpress Browser lets me surf through the internet on my device with so much swiftness. Being online on my social profiles like Facebook and Twitter is now easy with this browser. This dual SIM phone is seriously a wonder device. I have fallen for this device and I will go a long way with it! "
"I am very fond of mobile phones and I was planning to buy a new one since past few weeks. As the New Year was also approaching, I thought about starting the year with a new mobile phone. Hence, I started researching about a few models on the web. But alas, I had a tight budget and that’s why I wasn’t able to think about buying something expensive. So, I knew that in such a less cost, I will not get anything good. But it was okay for me as I just wanted my new phone to perform the basic functions, that’s all! So, I visited the Nokia Store one fine day and after going through some of the devices, I asked the sales guy to show me the Nokia Asha 503. I had read about it before on the web and the price was absolutely suiting my pocket. Anyway, as soon as the guy started giving me the demo of the device, I knew that I was looking exactly for this device. I didn’t delay further in buying the phone and now it’s been a few days that I am using the device and I have absolutely fallen for it. The first thing to notice about the device is its shining look! I bought the blue one as it is my favourite colour. But the glass shield makes the phone look all the more desirable. Also, I can change the colour shells to give a new look to my phone whenever I want and this is really exciting. Then the Fastlane is a feature which simply heightens the superiority of the device. The best thing about this feature is that it keeps all my recent activities in one single window. This way I never forget anything and also I remain up to date. Going through my recent Facebook updates, recent tweets, my emails, the calendar events, etc all are now available in one single window and I can jump to any with just a single tap on the screen. The 5 megapixel camera of the device is good and at such a low cost, it is really not feasible to get this high quality camera. I have already clicked really nice pictures with my device and also have uploaded them instantly on my social profiles. The 3G internet speed makes everything so fast. Then the Nokia Xpress Browser makes internet browsing on the device so much more swift and lucid. I have used Smartphones before but this is the first time I am using something which is so superior and still which costs so less. The phone is a dual SIM one and it makes things easier for me. I use two SIM cards, one for work and another for my personal needs, and I can switch from one SIM to the other quite easily with the device and I do not need to think about the fact that whether my previous configurations are lost or not. My Nokia Asha 503 is indeed a great phone and I like it to every single bit! " the features of this trendious device will make you happy forever
"My brother is himself a big gadget freak and he also tries to make me like him. Often he buys me electronic gadgets like PSPs, iPODs, etc. This time, on my 18th birthday which I celebrated on the 1st of January, he gifted me a new mobile phone. I was in no need of a new handset anytime soon but with my bro, nothing is predictable. He came up to my room and gave me a box gift wrapped with a beautiful paper. I knew it would be something electronic and I was right. It was a Nokia Asha 503 and although I had read about it on the web before, I didn’t really know how it will actually work. But as per my brother, it is one of the best devices one could ever own and hence, according to him, it was the best gift he could think for me this year. I will not go against him as after using it for a few days now, I have also realised that the phone is indeed a good one. Also, it is not that pricey and hence, anybody would like to buy it for it provides so many different features at so less cost. There are a number of different features available on the device and what I love the most in it is the Fastlane! It is kind of a work manager for me. It keeps all my Facebook updates, Twitter updates, my emails, upcoming birthdays and events on the calendar and much more on a single window. Also, I can move to any one of them with just a single click on the screen and this makes navigation so much easy. Also, the phone has a 5 MP camera and it lets me click amazing snaps whenever I am out. Also, the 3G internet connection is real fast and it also lets me upload the pictures on the social profiles at a lightning fast speed. Along with it, the Nokia Xpress Browser works wonder and now, browsing through the web on my Nokia Asha 503 is such a swift experience. The phone is a dual SIM one and I, therefore, have the provision of buying another SIM card in the future. I have also heard that the phone can remember configurations of up to 5 SIM cards without losing the data and information of the previous one and I am really excited about it. The social apps like Whatsapp, Line and WeChat were already installed on the device and this way, I am always in touch with my pals no matter how far we are. The bright yellow colour of the phone, along with the shiny glass cover makes it a very attractive device indeed. I know why my brother bought this one for me and I am thankful for him for giving me this device as this phone is indeed great. I will always cherish this gift and it is indeed one of the most special ones I have ever got on my birthday. " a trendy and classic device by nokia
"I got my Nokia Asha 503 as a Christmas and New Year gift from my fiancé and I totally love his choice! He was telling me for a long time that he is thinking about surprising me with something special on the start of the New Year but little did I know that he was thinking about buying a Smartphone for me. I am not that into mobile phones but he is a gadget freak and so, it’s a bit easy for him to choose the best one available. I trusted his choice and I am absolutely happy with the gift! Nokia Asha 503 is indeed an amazing Smartphone and the best part about the phone is that it is very much affordable. I know that my fiancé didn’t have to dime a dozen to buy this gift for me. But the features on the device will never make anyone believe that the phone is available at such a low price. There are several amazing features on the phone and one of them is the Fastlane, which is probably the most talked about one. I had read about this feature on the web before but after using it I realised its true worth. The Fastlane simply makes things easier for me. It remembers all my recent activities on my social profiles like Facebook and Twitter and also manages my email updates all in one single window. I can also see the upcoming calendar events and much more in that window and I can swipe to any of it with just a single tap on the screen. This helps me to remember so many things. The 5 MP camera clicks pretty good pictures and the picture quality is seriously nice. With the help of the 3G internet connection, I can now upload the clicked snaps on my social profiles at a lightning fast speed. The Nokia Xpress Browser is another great feature of the phone. It makes internet browsing on the phone very swift. Now, going through my Facebook and Twitter profiles on my phone is so much easy. The browser is fast and it opens all the URLs in so much speed. The phone is a dual SIM one and I am thinking about buying another SIM card for myself and I will not have to buy another cell phone to support it. The phone also looks great! The colour of the phone has a shiny texture and the glass shell makes it durable as well as gives it a glowing look. The best part is that I can change the shell colours if I wish to and that way, I can match my phone with my clothes! The phone is really a great one and all thanks to my fiancé for gifting it to me. I was not even thinking about buying a phone for myself this year but I am happy that I have started the year with a new phone! I will go a long way with this device and it has already become a part of my life now! " a good price range device
"I am a gadget freak and I am in love with mobile phones, of any company, of any price, of any looks! My friends call me a phone addict and so am I! I know that technology has impressed me since long and I just cannot get over with my obsession with cell phones. So, how can I not buy a Smartphone for myself on the New Year? It’s true that I can spend my money in something constructive rather than losing them on these mobile phones one after the other. But I believe that I work to get money and I get money to buy mobile phones! Strange, isn’t it? But that’s how I am. Anyway, this year, I thought about buying something affordable as I had a shoestring budget. So, I visited the Nokia Store with a simple aim, i.e. to buy a phone which will not dime a dozen. I asked the sales girl to show me some affordable handsets and after viewing some of them, my eyes got stuck on the all new Nokia Asha 503! I didn’t have much expectation from the phone but I thought about giving it a try. And as people say that we always get surprised when we do not expect anything, my Nokia Asha 503 proved to be a wonder device! The best part of the phone is that it looks beautiful and sophisticated and it will make everyone wonder about its real price! Many of my friends thought it to be an expensive one and only when I told them its real price, they got really surprised! The features which the device has are equally awesome. Starting from the Fastlane, which keeps all my recent activities in one single window so that it becomes easy for me to jump to one from the other with just a tap on the screen, to its stylish look and peppy red colour, to its dual SIM carrying capacity, the 5 MP camera which clicks amazing snaps, and the Nokia Xpress Browser, everything about the device is unmatched! I have used a lot of Smartphones before in my life but I have never used something this brilliant. It is affordable and also has features which are not to be found in any device at this cost! I have been using this phone for quite a few weeks now and I can truly vouch for the efficiency of the device. Trust me, I have used numerous mobile phones till now and I know that Nokia Asha 503 can compete with the best of all. And who knows, it probably might win as well. The fact that it is so much affordable and it provides so many different features to me, I have become a fan of it now! It is easy to handle, comfortable to use and looks equally great! What else do anyone need who wants to use an efficient cell phone in this New Year! Nokia Asha 503 is indeed one of my best buys! " nice one
"It was the first time I was celebrating the New Year with my husband after my marriage and that’s why, according to him, I had to get a special gift from him. So, he bought me a Nokia Asha 503. At first I was a bit surprised with his choice as I didn’t really know how an Asha device will work. But after using it for few weeks now, I have realised that it is one of the best gifts I have ever got in my life. Asha 503 is a little bunch of perfection! It has so many different features that I was actually surprised how a device can have so many things at such an affordable price. The Fastlane feature is an exclusivity of the device. It keeps all my recent activities in one single window and this way I can jump to any of them with just a single swipe. The dual SIM phone has preinstalled apps like Whatsapp, Line and WeChat and it helps me to chat with my friends all the time. My husband bought the bright red coloured one for me and the glass shell makes the phone look all the more pretty and shiny! " best of nokia ,rock
"I delivered my first baby on the 1st of January this year and I was overwhelmed with gifts from my friends, family and all near and dear ones. My husband was equally excited to welcome our little bundle of joy and as he came to meet me in the hospital soon after I gave birth to our darling daughter, he gifted me a box, gift wrapped in a red shining paper. I didn’t know what was inside it and my husband just told me that it is something which will be another little bundle of joy for me! I didn’t know what he was talking about and so, I opened the wrapper and found out that it is a red coloured mobile phone, a Nokia Asha 503! My husband told me that it is one of the newest additions of Nokia in its Asha family and he also told me that the phone has got some amazing features. As I started exploring the device, I found out that it is indeed a little bundle of joy. The features are simply amazing and the way the phone performs is literally unmatched. The 5 MP camera of the device is quite good and as soon as I inserted my SIM card on the device, I clicked a picture of my baby with the camera of the phone and uploaded it on my Facebook and Twitter profile. The Nokia Xpress Browser is simply great and it is so fast that I can now open my social profiles in just a few seconds. The 3G internet connection adds to the swiftness of the device and I simply love browsing the web on my phone now. The Fastlane is another app which helps me to remain updated with what my friends are up to. As I remain a bit busy these days with my daughter, I seldom get a chance to get online of my social networking profiles. So, Fastlane keeps all the Facebook and Twitter updates, my emails and even the upcoming events on the calendar at a single window. This way, I can reach out to any one of them with just a swipe on the screen. Fastlane is something which I didn’t experience before with any Smartphone and I truly feel that it is the USP of the Nokia Asha 503! The social apps which are very popular these days like Whatsapp, WeChat and Line are preinstalled on the device and me, being a Whatsapp addict, has found it to be real easy to be in touch with my friends. I have already sent instant messages along with the picture of my baby to all my friends via Whatsapp and this is amazing! Although, I don’t know why my husband gifted me a mobile phone all of a sudden as he could give me anything else, I can say that he is the best hubby ever. I am really in love with my Nokia Asha 503 now and it has indeed become another little bundle of joy for me. " great one by nokia
"My husband always gifts me something special on the New Year and this time, we were completing two years of togetherness after marriage and so, he thought about gifting me something special. But he kept the gift a surprise and suddenly on the 1st of January, he gifted me a Nokia Asha 503 soon after I woke up in the morning. He gift wrapped it perfectly and when I opened the box, I found it out to be a red coloured shining mobile phone, a Nokia Asha 503. I wanted a new mobile phone for quite a lot of time and hence, he bought me this one, which, according to him, is ‘reliable, affordable and sophisticated’. And he was absolutely right. The cost of the phone will never let anyone believe that it can have so many different exciting features. As soon as I started using it, I literally fell in love with it. It helps me in my office works, provides me ample entertainment and it’s now easier to be in touch with my friends and colleagues through the various social apps which are present on this device. I have always been a phone addict and as soon as I put my SIM card on the device, I start exploring it. The phone is a dual SIM one and now I can buy another SIM card for work and I won’t even have to buy another cell phone for it! I have also heard that this device can remember the SIM configurations of up to 5 different SIM cards and so, I do not even worry about my data getting removed by the use of another SIM card on the device. The phone comes with an exciting red colour and the glass shield makes it all the more shiny and attractive. The shells can also be changed and I can also change the colour of the device if I wish to. The Fastlane is one of the most exciting features of the device and this helps me to remember every single thing. All my social profile updates like that of Facebook, Twitter, etc, are all not present in one single window. Also, my work emails, the upcoming calendar events, etc are now readily available in a single space and so I can move to any one of them with just a single swipe on the screen. The 5 MP camera of the device clicks amazing snaps on the go and I can even upload them quite fast on my social profiles with the help of the 3G internet connection and the Nokia Xpress Browser. This browser makes net surfing on the web through the device easy and swift. Also, the social apps like Whatsapp, WeChat and Line are already present on the device and this way I am always in touch with my friends no matter how busy I am at work. Nokia Asha 503 works amazing and it is indeed one the best productions of Nokia. I am totally in love with the device and I want to thank my husband for giving me this. " style,trendy,reliable,quality makesh it diffrent
Those who are looking for apps based phone, don't buy it. But those are looking for good phone with very good net connection and wifi, camera buy it. It has very good camera, you can share it directly to the net.
i am using this mobile since 1 month these are few of my findings before that nokia is propagating this as FEATURE PHONE not Smart phone so the buyers should understand the difference and then expect the things from this phone 1 . i wanted a mobile phone with dual sim along with 3g support and scratch resistant glass with durable body , support social network which i use facebook, whatsup, and check mails , a decent camera and most IMPORTANT thing battery life lasting for 2 days on average usage . so after a months usage i want to say the viewers that all my expectations are fulfilled by this marvel but there are lacuna , at times it fails to catch network, also whatsup update fails then u need to restart the mobile once in a while then it will be back to normal. nokia browser is superb but disappointing thing is loading time of whatsup will check ur patience and no free games/ built in games(all the games require internet connection) , no document viewer, ppt pdf cant be read(there r apps but they r worst, nokia should have provided this along with the set) last word , average phone fulfills basic needs of day to day life
