MOBDRFGFFHBZTZMH
I have bought the phone from indiatimes for just Rs. 6500/- which is Rs.1500 cheaper then Flipkart's Rs. 7999/- Touch - 8.5/10 Battery - 10/10 Camera - 6/10 (AutoFocus works though / Unlike XOLO A500S where autofocus was mentioned, but it didn't work) Performance - 9/10 (I dnt knw y people defame SNAPDRAGON 200 processor) Looks - 8/10 (my previous fone A500S was much slimmer) Calling - 9/10 Audio - 7/10 (decent audio o/p thru speakers. many would find it low) Display - 9/10 (Despite same resolution n screensize, display on Q500 >>> display on A500S)
**Caution** This review is for those who want to get a budget android device with a focus for practical purposes. Its not a fancy item to show off! After my disclaimers, i am good to go! I am using this phone since 2 months and got is @ 6580 Rs from Indiatinmes shopping so flipkart should learn how to control pricing. You can get it too if you got HDFC card.Here are my observations. May be its a XOLO with a 6580 worth of cost but easily beats Xperia as far as speed goes. Hardware: It got a fast 1.2 Ghz quad core qualcomm chip, 800+MB user available RAM and ~ 3 GB space for user (plug a 32 gb card and save all your crap), dedicated adreno 203 chip for graphics, all placed over qualcom snapdragon chipset .It would be better than any off the mill Chinese phone like carbon, intex, micromax etc It never hanged till date and never lags for any application i ran. I am an engineer by profession & as a hobby, write apks for fun. Its a guinea pig for me to test the applications and boy it works like charm. Regarding common games like temple run, combats etc ,, no issues Graphics are good , it will run smooth, never complains. So, as far as speed is concern, I will say with this price its a total loot. Connectivity: It got all in one shop for sale i guess. Wifi work flawless, no heating whatsoever. Blutooth, 3G, GSM,Wifi hotspot all works great. It got a dedicated GPS chip so dosnt matter you have a gprs data pack or not, a working sim or not, just switch on the GPS, load sygic and maps and volla !! you are good to go with free navigation and thanks to sygic application, it has voice navigation , work like a pro. I am practically using this feature and performance is within 5 km/hr speed tolerance and within 30 meters of positional accuracy and that too for free! without GPRS... There are few great apps which will allow you to transfer data back and forth to device & your computer on wifi signals. works great. Wifi hotspot, bluetooth are all standard and no complains whatsoever. Display: very ordinary one glass solution. It is OK but you would be a fool if comparing Iphone's Display with this. add few zeros in your budget and get a i phone instead if you dont like its screen. For all practical purposes i will say screen is nice. Build quality: Nothing fancy. Solid build , could be better but who cares as long as it works fine. The show off is a proprietary for i phone and xolo is cheap phone so compromise is evident. It would be like comparing maruti with bmw. SIM; Two sims (1 GSM-3G & 2nd GSM 2G) Sensor: There is some lag in auto screen rotation sensor. Accelerometer, proximity work fine. Camera: Front camera is just for video chatting with skype. If you do hangout, screen would be all pathetic. Use skype for video chat and you are visible. Primary cam is of 5 MP and ok for this price. It got a small LED flash and work fine. Nothing special about cams.Video quality is also fine.No complains. Earplug: Stereo headset with mic build quality is not good, however they perform fine. Speaker: Not loud but OK. OS: Android 4.1 , works great. For the novice users: Install viber: do voice chat over your wifi connection for free Install Skype: do video chat over your wifi connection for free Install Sygic: Load all the maps on SD card, switch on GPS and navigate with voice for free (no GPRS needed) Install Games: You know what to do!!! Battery: Drains like hell. This is the only bad thing in this phone. with 1450 mah, it rains while playing games, using GPS, wifi etc. For standby & voice chat it is ok but for more common tasks, performance is poor. Lucky me, i am not allowed to use cell in office so either it rests in home plugged in during usages or plugged in the car getting it juice form usb port. Both ways i am ok with it. But for those who always in the run- "Please dont waste your money here, get something with 2600 mah or more" for rest of us, i will say killer deal.. So i wont make a word on what you shud do. Read the review and decide on your own..
this mobile is playing hd games without lag, very very good mobile. this mobile is 3g mobile who fool say this lacks 3g first purchase then comment here
i purcased this phone from xolo dealer as it ws 300 bucks cheaper than flipkart! After a week here's my reviews/... ..display...8.5/10 (with tft-ogs display..screen is very vibrant but when you rotate it...there is colour distortion in some areas..but only in some exteme angles) ...performance...10/10 (quad core phone with 1 gb ram...and 4 inch display makes it fastest quad core under 10,000...) ..looks...9.5/10 (again a great looker...you will fall in love with its design...) ..battery...8/10 (if you are a heavy user lyk me....den uwil need to charge ur phone evry 4-5 hrs! ...but it can last a day for moderate user..and 1.5 days for light users) ..overall...9/10 overall experience is pretty good...it has everything for 7grands..! ..n at this price its better than samsung..micromax..karbon..etc..etc! best phone...loving it...if u r looking to buy a quad core n having a tight buget of 7grand..go for this without any doubt..it will surly blow your mind with its performance!
Guys I have been using this phone from past one week and found it's the best value for money Andriod device in India. I own Samsung Galaxy Note 1 and Samsung Galaxy Grand duos...had to loose 50K for buying both...but XOLO Q500 only cost me 7200 bucks and trust me it gives me every penny worth feel while I use it. First of all you wont get any phone with 1.2 quad core Snapdragon processor with 1 GB RAM in mare 7000 INR and that too with a very good 4 inch touchscreen. This phone is simply superb as far as speed, looks and overall performance is concerned, Only one thing which I feel Xolo should improve is it's 5 MP camera which has a very poor flash light which doesn't work properly but that too can be ignored as there is a very good feature in camera pp to improve backlight after clicking the photo. So that too doesn't matter. Go for it...hard to beat deal.
The specs look really good @ the price Can anyone update on the gaming experience, net speed, 3G experience & multitasking All are confused, to go for the q500, q700 or the mmx juice
I have bought this mobile online for 4 days ago & got it yesterday. Good in almost all aspects. A phone with 1 gb ram, 1.2 ghz quad core processor, about 10 mm thin, new OGS display, 5 MP camera, Android Jelly bean & 4 inch capacitive touch screen makes it the cheapest quad core phone. The camera is not that good as it should be. It also lakes 3G. So no 3G sim support which is a big draw back. Battry is also quiet good for a 1 day heavy user & 2 to 3 days for a normal user (without internet). Overall people having a budget of about 7k & can make it without 3G has this as the best available option. Thanks
I have been using this device for more than a year. The worst part of this device is battery. It barely lasts 6 hours of normal use. Totally pathetic. Don't go for it unless you merely want to showoff that you have a smart phone. I can guarantee that you will need a secondary phone if you buy this one.
All, Those who want to buy XOLO products, please make note of the fact that XOLO offers very poor post-sales service. I am struggling to get my phone serviced since last 2 and half months. Earlier I had problem with Screen which got repaired. But later I got into the problem where the XOLO secure software blocked my Phone. I could not even restore factory default settings. The local service centre could not fix it and hence it has been sent to other service centre. I am waiting for the XOLO phone to arrive. I am hardly getting any reply from XOLO. So, please dont opt for XOLO, if you need good after sales service. -- Vksalian
I very recently bought Xolo Q500 phone but accidentally broke it's screen. I was SHOCKED when I found out that XOLO customer care 1) charges over Rs 5000 to replace is screen 2) it will take at least 30 days. Unofficially I've been told that XOLO customer services don't even have the screens with them. I even tried the grey market and seems like no one there either has the screen. So while the phone may have a good hardware, XOLO customer services is crap and in case you run it to any problem, be ready to SCRAP the phone..
very best mobile but with weak BATTERY performance,its like a BENZ car with weak battery which affects performance ,hence request to have induct high capacity BATTERY
Good: very good touch picture clarity very good video facility Bad: cover and cases unavailability charge withstand capacity overall 7/10
I bought this phone from Croma. Phone look is nice. 1.2 quad core processor with 1 GB RAM which is eyecatching configuration. When i tried it really its super. No lagging at all. Touch is good. All high end game i played and itworks perfect. But only thing battery is poor. U can install some apps to imporve battery
I am writing this review after this mobile 1 month...... Advantages..... Exclusive with 1.2 ghz quad core and 1 GB ram. Sound Quality is Good. Camera is very good. Resolution is very good. Mobile comes with latest OS. Video recording is excellent. Easy to handle. Weight is very less. Good looking mobile. Camera features is very very good like Auto focus,Touch focus. Mobile do not hang while playing game,watching videos. Internal memory comes with 4 GB. Disadvantages.... Battery is not good but battery is good for simple users. Front Camera is poor. Camera is not good in night. Ear phone is not good.. So this is the best mobile ...... Thank you XOLO for this phone......... xolo rocksssss........
It has """most ridiculuos battery backup"""...Needs charging frequently...Heating Problems...Not at all Recomended for Travel Users...Regret this piece of jurk...But Overall Graphics Performance is Amazing with Best Snapdargon Quad Core and 1gb Ram... I Personally owned it and guess what it is worst phone from XOLO...!!! Xolo Q500 Suckssss.......!!!!!!!!! Instead Go For """Micromax Canvas Juice A77""" with a bit nearest price of this phone...But It has Very Very Powerful 3000mAh Battery...!!!
Gr8 phone with 1gb ram and quad core processor under 8K.. wat else do u want. GPS working fine. all games work without any performance lag. battery sucks as every smartphone does.
Total score: 10/10 for Value for Money. ## Good things: + Very Fast: 1GB RAM for High performance and 4 core processor + Good screen for Reading experience with High Pixel density + Radiation very safe: With SAR rating verified, no radiation issues. + Free Xolo Apps: Xolo secure and Xolo Power manager, + Good camera lens: 5MP front camera with decent LED flash. + Battery Backup: 1 day under normal usage, not the best. Gaming: 10/10 Battery Backup: 7.5/10 Speed and Performance: 9.5/10 Looks: 10/10 Sound Quality (Mobile Speakers) 6/10 Sound Quality (headphones): 9.5/10 Safety and Security: 10/10 Value for money score: 10/10! ## Final Verdict: High value for money under this price range. Value for Money: 10/10.
I'm using this mobile for past 3 weeks. Performance is awesome and gaming experience is super. But the battery standby(backup) is very bad. You have to charge more than two times per day and there is no case cover is available for this mobile. Camera Flash is not good. Pictures are nice when it takes in day time. Internet speed is good. Some times touch looses its sensitivity and had to restart the mobile. When message or call comes the screen is not turning on, sound only coming.
Bad Battery is all I can say! Phone is fast enough and I bought only looking at the battery specs, it misleading and I am very unhappy with this product because I need to keep charging twice a day even without using 3G.
Frankly speaking this is my first mobile of any local brand,so was bit shaky whether to buy it or not.But now after using it for month i can say that its a very good phone. PROS- 1.beautiful looks,often seems like holding a Sony xperia in ur hand. 2.finishing is of good quality as well as looks like a real costly phone of range 10k-12k 3.4GB(1.71 is available for internal) is enough to run high end games,as well as huge no of application without being tensed of being slowed down. 4.1.2 GHz quad core processor so do whatever you want. 5.touch response is pretty good,and screen resolution is similar to any phone in 10k-12k range. 6.XOLO battery saver and XOLO secure apps are going to be ur favorite. 7.auto brightness sensor relieves you from changing brightness. 8.Comes with two factory made screen cover of good quality. 9.Camera is really astonishingly good at this price range!! CONS- 1.battery drains qutie fast if u listens to audio or use gps for 2-3 hr or more(its problem of every android smarphone).unless pretty stay on for the day long even using live wallpaper. 2.no more cons i've found till now.
Excellent Job Quadcore and 1 gb ram only at such a low price Great Love You Xolo. Pros: 1. Quadcore Processor 2. 1GB RAM 3. Sleek and Stylish Phone 4. and a lot more :D Cons: Only Battery Issues
Cons High Speed Delivery was good Smooth swipe Pros Bad camera-DUll and Dark Rear and Front Cam Lot of noise to Other end caller/Reciver Bad viewing angle. Informed about the issue on Second day and getting it replaced today afeter 6 days.
the camera clarity is worst!!as it has 5mp..and in dark it waste of using front cam!!other than this the phone has a good spec nd the speed is perfect..if ur searching a phone with good camera dont buy this!!
good mobile up to Rs. 10.000/ =1 gb ram very use full. q 500 is good mobile for all but the battery is low quality and front camera not like. I need q 500 filp cover where available it.
Please dont buy anything guys really you wont get 0% support by Flipkart because i bought XOLO Q500 15 days back am facing battery issue no body is supporting... xolo service also bad.
this is a gud phone for gaming, texting, multi-tasking... only con in this product is the battery... it works somewhat decent if we lower the brightness..... continuosly browse the internet for upto maximum of 2 hours provided if u have 100% charge.... performance wise its awesome.... if u are person who always hangs outside with frnds, then it wont provide u much battery.... viewers pls also consider xolo q1000 opus... better battery life than this product.... anyways performance wise this is worth for money spent.....
It a very good phone, with high features within such a less price. Everything working up-to the marks as per specification. The only problem is battery backup.back up is only 3 hrs with internet or gaming.
Good android phone at the cost. Responsive processor and good amount of RAM. Have been using it for last 3 weeks. No problems with the mobile. Cons: Touch can be a bit more responsive. Battery drains very fast due to unoptimized software. Need to install proper apps to ensure battery lasts at-least a day. In hindsight, would recommend Nokia lumia 520/525 for the battery and touch issues.
Dear All, I have purchased this phone one month back from flipkart only... As always flipkart delivery and Service Very Good Now regarding Phone.... 1). The Phone packing was very good and intact. 2).Build quality of phone is awesoom, Comes with two scratch guards, one already placed and one spare. 3). Processor of 1GB RAM is very good doesn't Hang 4). Dosplay quality of screen is also very good 5). The only drawback of this phone is battery of 1450 MHA which drains very fast, need to charge every 4-5 Hours
The phone is a good buy for the 7k odd price. The advantages are good looks, nice touch, and good display. The drawbacks are power gets drained fast and there is a small lag in games(not always) when another big app is running in the background( happened even in 13k Micromax phones). I am not interested much in the camera but it is good for my needs. Overall, I liked the phone.
Lightweight,trendy and power packed with features this phone will give other phones in the same price range a very tough competition.incredibly fast and fluid performance.i didnt face a lag with any app or game with this phone till now.battery life is good enough.highly recommended.best buy product. XOLO Q500 ROCKS!!!!lml
I bought 1 month ago. I have facing 2 prob. 1. Heathing prob. 2. Flash not good. other wise good phone this range.
Very Promising Features for the price....Please don't waste your money ..!!!!!!! the screen viewing angles sad, battery pathetic, sound average.. for a quad core processor the performs like a snail.. always hangs.. funniest part the contacts gets mixed up names and numbers.. in one word PIECE OF JUNK
28th December i bought i feel very bad this not good product desion 2/10 display 6/10 touch 6/10 process 8/10 touch 5/10 don't purchases this mobile heating more
Got it at 7800 four weeks ago. This is my first android mobile. People used to say if you buy cheeper android, it will Lag heavily and not be good for gaming or heavy usage. But, one of my friend who is having Nexus5 said this one beats Nexus5 when he played TempleRun2 in my mobile. Also, If you are a hacker and want a latest mobile with root available. Go for this one. We have root for this mobile in xda.
this phn is really gud 1 touch is very good 2 can play full hd videos in mx player (s/w) mode. 3 camera is 5 MP but shots r really good getting pics size about 2.5 MB 4 can record 720p video. 5 1 GB ram 6 quad core.
i bought the phone from a local retailer for 7500 Rs about a month ago the phone has very good performance and does not lag while playing even high end games Disadvantages :- the only con in this phone is the display......the display does not have high resolution but u can only recognize it while playing high end games but it a very very worth phone for the price tag...
Bought this phone Delivered on time bad points about phone 1) Touch is worst u have to press hard for moves 2) Battery backup is more than worst u use 3g for 1/2 hr ur battery becomes 15% from 100 U cant talk to any one more than 1.5 hrs 3) flash problem it doesn't make any difference weather u use flash or not at night tim as flash is so worst as if its just for show
I got this mobile in Dec 16th..!first of all i noticed that...Mobile has all features.In Basic settings it got weird. In touch response it is lacking. Coming to, Battery it is not expected. I'm thinking about whether it update to 4.2 or else? Adv+: 1.Excellent gaming Performance. 2.There is no lacking in any aspect. Overall, it is good for person, who use the phone for more gaming By Plug-in charger.:)
i got the phone on 12th dec...........all phone specification are all good....bt it gets heatd while using.........playing games reduces the battery cherge a lot..........baterry not good................could any 1 help me to know,4 hw long i shud charge my phone.plssssssssss
I got it. Its a super phone. 1GB RAM speed is awesome. Easy to acess. Support big games. BUT battery power is to worst just only 1450mAh. Cant play games , videos, musics for 1 full day. charge get down easily and qickly. With out doing such type of activities can withstand for 1 full day. Other features are good.
I just bought xolo q500 today morning , phone is good but LED flash is very very bad. battery backup is very good.
Hi, I just bought xolo q500 yesterday night(11/09/2013). To all who is a enthusiastic about newly launched phones i would say plz keep patience unless n untill u get a good review from it from sites like igyan or gogi. I was really disappointed by the fact that it support only 2 finger touch after buying it. Second the color reproduction is extremely poor if you tilt the mobile you can't see proper image.also under direct sunlight the phone is shit next thing lava says xolo is our premium quality brand i would like to tell them premium stands for not only extra money but also extra qualities >The charger cable that i received is not working with my laptop for mtp device >Sound quality of earphone is also low In nena mark it gives around 37fps Camera is auto focus with working auto focus But image quality is does not stand with 5mp It also feels difficult to do operation single handed last but not the least when there was no memory card it was not showing default storage I would say plz see a demo piece of any mobile before buying it if you don't want 2 b fool like me.
