MOBDM5WEGE72WFGA
Purchased from flip card and using from couple of days. I am techie guy so used in all manner and found as per the prize range it has best quality. If you have budget around13-14k i will suggest you to go with this. NOTE: Those who are complaining that it takes too much time to get charge it's due to charging adapter. That is not mobile or battery problem. Videocon is giving a poor adapter in box so for get fast charging use any charger with output 5v/10v with 2A. Your mobile get charge in 1hr only. Pros: Look is awesome, Stunning Display is very much good, even more batter than Canvas HD. Amezing if you watch HD movies. 3G is much faster because it support 4G band(21 mbps), not available in other mobiles within prize range Battery is very good, With 3g and normal use i tested and worked 13 hrs. Music is not so great, Rear Camera is fine as it is a mobile camera But for video call front camera quality is good enough Processing speed is cool, Flawless we can play HD games Box inbuilt accessories is good enough to care mobile (Screen guard Pouch) Cons Latest in market so not much accessories are available At the time of calling another sim would remains inactive(switch off/out of network)
FINAL REVIEW after 4 months of usage - The phone doesn't hang, performance is flawless. Negative points- 1. The video camera doesn't auto focus, it keeps re-adjusting the subject and blurs far too often. Essentially, it's a waste. You can't take any videos with this camera. 2. The overall camera quality is extremely bad. It works well in daylight but don't expect anything even remotely good with normal lighting in a room. UPDATE - The camera is useless. Can't take any videos. The focus is extremely poor. And for this alone I would suggest better phones. Pros - Big screen, HD, doesn't hang whatsoever, runs all the heavy apps and the interface is smooth, as expected. Does what most reviewers here and online have told. Cons- The camera is bad, very very bad. Micromax cameras are much better. The flash is almost non-existent. The flash only serves as a torchlight and cannot be used for clicking pictures in the dark. (I wish I knew this before) The phone doesn't have much contrast and is rather dull and I'm hoping there are third party apps to increase the contrast (still searching) Everything else is pretty standard. Battery looks fine till now. Battery's good. The screen is fine. Customer service, ughhh, appalling. That's that then.
I've used this for about a week now. The biggest plus point compared to Canvas HD (besides the price) is that the display is more vivid. The phone looks classy, like the Google Nexus. Many people are surprised when they hear it's Videocon. In terms of performance, things are great. Battery life on Internet use is about 3-4 hours. Normal usage means battery will last for 1 to 1.5 days (24 to 36 hours.)
Bought this beauty 15 days ago, have used it a lot and I think its time write a review. Looks and built: It has killing looks, although it's personal to judge on the looks. My friends asked me whether I have iPhone by looking at this phone. So definitely this is a beauty. When I unboxed this phone my first impression was that it is bulky one... But after using it I can definitely say that this is sleek enough to carry. I have used a couple of other phones and surprisingly this is the most comfortable phone to carry and to operate with one hand. Build quality is also decent enough and I am sure that this can handle moderate abuse users will throw at it. Display and OS: As you can read in the description it has a full HD display. It is impressive one and there is no rough edges, blur spots or the display does go down with certain videos (This problem has been faced with other devices in this range, obviously my friends own these devices). Software is stock android jelly bean and what more can I say. Additionally, as there is no customization layer on stock android it is the smoothest one. Google play is as fantastic as ever. CPU and GPU: It has 1.2 Ghz qualcomm quad core processor with 1GB RAM. It has power GPU. What more you want? Unlike nexus 4 there are no limitation on CPU and GPU clocking speed. I am not a heavy gamer but casual games like temple run 2, Manuganu 2 and subway surfer are piece of cake for this device. So I think heavy games also can be played easily on this phne. Call quality and music: Call quality is very nice and noise cancellation works like a charm. No call dropping issues or any background noises have not faced, so full marks here. Music is a breeze, again I am not rock star so according to my standards music quality is pretty impressive. I have used couple of latest released phones from reputed companies for music and comparatively there are no compromises for music lovers. Although speaker phone voice is little low but it has great sound quality, I am not going to complain. Camera and battery: Camera is of decent quality, although loss of details has been seen for indoor snaps. Video quality is superb. Pics in sufficient light condition are good not great. In short for this price point they are quite good. Battery life though is 1 day only for 1/2 hr game play, 1/2 hr browsing on wi-fi, 1 hr 2G calling and 1-1/2 hr music. Although I am able to extend it up to ~36hrs using an app. Verdict: It has all the boxes ticked and this is very impressive deal. With looks it has everything you possibly looking for. It does not have magnetic sensor that is the only thing that is negative about it. So don't expect it to run offline navigation. Apart from that it is highly recommended if you are looking for a good quality phone from a reputed company. Thumbs up for this phone and keep it up videocon.
I would suggest all people that never ever buy this smartphone. My A55 HD Display screen got broken in my pocket itself while traveling in a Metro. Hardware is really quite Cheap though it looks awesome. Service Center is of 3rd Quality and they will charge you Rs 7300 for the same. Moreover, You won't able to find any Hard-cover for this smartphone. One more thing, Flip-kart is not CHEAPER any more in terms of Buying.
I am writing this review after using it for almost 2 months. I am happy to tell you that I am very satisfied with this handset. I have this phone in white colour and it looks awesome. I din't buy it from flipkart, I bought it from market for 12,200 rs. After almost 2 months of use I would like to point out some things that I noticed in it- 1- The screen looks excellent. Perfect colours and good pixel density. Its a bit big but u'll get use to it after a week or so. Its a finger print magnet but I don't mind it. 2- The built quality is above average and it feels sturdy. 3- Combination of good processor and ram, I have 'Real Racing 3' installed on my phone and it works real smooth on it. (Real racing 3 is a very graphic intense game and it din't run quite well on my friends phone with same configuration, i.e., xolo q800) 3- Camera is cool, takes exceptional pictures and videos in day but a bit on the lower side in dark. But I am happy with the camera quality. It records full HD videos which looks great on my 55" Led screen. Even the front facing camera takes decent pics and videos. I have tried video calling and It was amazing. There is one more feature, while taking video from the main camera, You can click pics too while recording a video which i felt is a very cool feature (though it is an android feature but I feel its worth sharing) 4- Battery life is good. With wifi running all the time and browing the internet in every 15 mins + some calls and text messages it lasts for a day and half for me, which is quite satisfactory for me. (I always keep the automatic brightness sensor 'ON' and G sensor 'OFF'). There are many ways that you can maximize they battery output. One suggestion - Always charge the battery after it gets under 10% and try to fully charge it, if you are unable to fully charge it then charge it again when you reach 10%. I have been doing this with my all previous phones (Sony ericsson P1i, Dell venue pro) and now doing the same with this. I have got great battery back up with this trick in all phoes. 5- Call quality is good, I have never experienced drop calls or any probelm with the ear speaker while taking calls in traffic. 6- Jelly bean OS is just so fantastic, user friendly , ergonomically sound and feels buttery smooth on this device. 7- Phone comes with a screen guard installed and a leather pouch which is good. 8- The phone is very light weight and slim. There are some things I felt on this device that are not too great- 1- The phone requires 5-6 hours to charge fully. That is a lot of time !. Some times I am in a hurry and I am not able to charge it fully. 2- I don't know why does it happen but as soon as I lock the phone, just after 1 sec the screen lightens up by itself. That is not a problem but due to this when I lock my phone and I keep it in my pocket it unlocks due to touches (it reads touch from any thing, doesn't require your fingure's touch in particular) and 1-2 times It called to the last person I had a chat with. 3- While charging the phone the touch responses goes crazy and it behaves awkwardly but as soon as I unplug it it becomes normal again. 4- I installed a game called 'Six guns', Its a very high end graphics game. It ran very smoothly a couple of times but after that as soon as I get into the gameplay mode it got stuck, I don't know why. I don't know if it was a hardware problem or software problem. 5- Phone comes with a total of 2.7 gb of preisntalled memory, out of which 1 gb is internal memory and 1.7 gb is phone memory. U'll have to manage it to get used to it. You can move apps to SD card so this may not be a problem to you. Other than that, the phone is the best in this price tag. And I'll suggest you guys to go for Videocon rather than XOLO or LAVA. These companies are emerging companies so they don't have a good customer support yet but Videocon is a well established companie in the electronic market since a long time and It have better customer support. I was very confused in Videocon A55HD, Xolo Q800, Lava Iris 504q but looking at the company profile and its handset I finally chose Videocon A55 HD and I am very happy I made the right decision.
In 3 words, I can say, "I love it". No issues till now. Using since last 2 months. Whatever features mentioned, they work just perfect. Perfect means Perfect. No hanging, Screen display is awesome. Camera and Music is awesome. What to say, no words to describe it. Really loving it.........
This mobile really rocks...see what you are getting : Big & crystal clear Display....5 inch. 1.2 Ghz Quad Core processor & 1 GB RAM (speed of this mobile is awesome, i'm not hard core gamer but tample run2, & sub way surffer running very smoothly....other applications are also fine) Music is rocking....I'm big lover of Music.....& Sound is awesome.... Android 4.2 Jelly Bean..... I have tried video calling on this mobile...working very fine as its having 3.2 secondary camera.... Nice Battery Life.... Camera is also good.... Ear phones are also cool (in ear) Factory fitted screen gaurd.. Nice leather cover.... So Guys.....Please don't waste your hard earn money on Brand Image....Just go for it, This is superb phone in this price range....
Crystal clarity display, good performance, decent battery, nice camera. This is an excellent phablet in this price. Videocon can show their strength in mobile market with this nice device.
Videocon has been giving value for money phones with style and elegant looks. This is another product which is going to be good. I have been using Videocon A30 for half an year now. One time I took it to service as well because of my fault in flashing. Luckily service center guys couldn't find my phone is rooted and I got it back repaired for free. So the quality of phone + service + brand is good. We can consider MMX, Celkon also in this price range. But I want a different style statement. So I would go for Videocon next time as well
Had purchased a videocon mobile a 1½ years back. It had manufacturing defect which I reported immediately. The seller refused to replace and asked me to visit Videocon Service Centre. It was hell, people at their service centre are not qualified, they even do not have manners to talk to customers. The phone was returned after couple of days and to my surprise it had the same problem. Its Touch Screen was not working. Reported again to Service Centre, they kept the phone again for couple of days and returned with same problem, Again third time I approached Service Centre, this time they kept my handset for much longer and to my surprise again the phone was returned with same problem. After I contacted Videocon and narrated the whole thing, THEY DID NOTHING. When I informed them that I am moving to Consumer Court with this matter, they reverted back just before few days left for the warranty i.e. almost a year. I was relaxed at-least they replied, They offered me to replace my handset with another repaired handset. But it was their game..... The set was replaced but it was shocking to see the replaced set again stop working... It did display nothing on the screen except White Screen. If you are planning to buy any Videocon product, DO NOT PURCHASE.... Instead try another brands like Samsung, HTC, Sony or any other company you like. And if you go for Videocon, you are surely going to face lot of problems.... Videocon is a failure in Mobile Industry.
EVEN THE CAMERA QUALITY IS EXCELLENT FOR WHAT THE PRICE WE PAY. I OWN VIDEOCON A 47 WHICH IS JUST THE EDGE ANDROID MOBILE, YOU CAN FIND MORE IN WWW.VIDEOCONMOBILES.COM. IS WORKING UPTO THE MARK, NO CONS, AT ALL. I WANT TO SHARE THIS TO ALL, SINCE MOST OF THE SMARTPHONES DONT PROVIDE EXCELLENT AUDIO QUALITY SPECIALLY FOR MUSIC LOVERS. ALSO VIDEOCON PHONES ARE EXCELLENT , EVERYTHING IS WORKING FINE. AND PROVIDING DECENT PRICE. ALSO THE SERVICE CENTRE IS GOOD. MORE THAN SAMSUNG QUALITY. JUST BUY IT, AND ENJOY SUPERB QUALITY, AT DECENT PRICE. IN CHENNAI, YOU CAN FIND THESE PHONE , IN SARAVANA STORES, RANGANATHAN ST, T.NAGAR. POORVIKA, BUT POORVIKA WILL REDIRECT YOU TO OTHER, BUT U STAY WITH VIDEOCON MOBILE SINCE THEY WANT MORE PROFIT FROM OTHER BRANDS. ALSO IF U NEED ANY REVIEW OR QUESTIONS YOU CAN MAIL TO ME TO ARVINDMOOKAAMBIKA28@REDIFFMAIL.COM. IN CASE U WANT TO KNOW HOW TO SHARE THE INTERNET OR TRANSFER FILES BY CONNECTING TO PC, SEND ME A MAIL , I WILL TELL U.
I don't do reviews often but this one phone has compelled me to, I won't write of its specs, you can read them on the phone page :p Pros: >1.2 GHz Qualcomm Quad Core Processor (NOT cortex which are not so great) The phone doesn't hang, no matter what you do. IMO don't buy an Android Phone if you wanna go below dual core, Android is meant to run on atleast dualcores, weaker processors doesn;t work out. >better than micromax or other cheaper quadcores you could find cause it got a higher ppi (pixel per inch) making the screen look sharper. >Camera is not as good as Samsung Grand or should I say S4 or maybe iPhone5 (yeah, its sarcasm, don't know how people can compare between mobiles whose prices are twice or five times as much as this cost) Camera is cool for a 13k mobile, got smile detection and all, not just for name sake, they actually work. >Speaker is average Cons: >4GB internal storage, get an SD card along :) >It's Videocon, you buy this phone, even if it is faster than iPhone 4 has better specs than Samsung Grand, nobody is gonna be impressed by this because "Videocon" is written on the case. You can't boast about this nor can you showoff. Verdict: Great Phone, great quality for its price, nice touch, good processor, cool Android OS version. Best for the true Android Experience, but not a deal if you wanna showoff to your friends. Videocon's reputation is broken.
Pros: 1. Superb display,(every thing looks excellent) 2. Nice color reproduction 3. Light weight 4. Touch is smooth 5. Phone runs smooth , every application run smooth 6. Low cost Cons: 1. Loud speaker need to improve 2. Quality of Plastic body also need to improve
videocon has used cheap display and touch it cracked inside my pocket and even service center is costing 6000 rs whereas its within warranty ...i would suggest not to use videocon...mobiles ungless get trapped like i had..
Very nice, very smooth , battery backup of three days without using internet, battery backup of two days while using less internet battery backup of 1 day while using more internet camera clarity is very good, video quality is very fine. No Hang Problem while playing games.
Great quadcore processor, 1gb ram, POWERFUL GRAPHICS PROCESSOR pros: 1)allows you to install application to memory card without root! 2)Runs most of the game smoothly The following 3D games worked well in smartphone: 1)GTA SAN ANDREAS : WORKED WELL LIKE A PC GAME 2)NFS MOST WANTED: WORKS SMOOTHLY WITH VERY HIGH GRAPHICS 3)MODERN COMBAT 4: RUNS GREAT WITHOUT A SINGLE LAG 4) REAL RACING 3: VERY HIGH GRAPHICS INTENSIVE GAME ,WORKS SMOOTHLY 5) SPIDERMAN 2: must be running as it is low graphics game but didn't start...may be some game problem.. (plus point all the game is stored in CLASS 10 32Gb SDCARD as videocon a55hd allows users to install application in SDCARD) For smooth gaming kindly use CLASS 10 SDCARD 6)VERY GOOD DISPLAY 7) RUNS 1080p videos smoothly 8)No lag no freezing issues 9)better battery life but not that great! cons: 1)body build is not upto the quality. but it is okay if you can find a good case or cover for your handset 2)4.2.1 is the last update you may get and don't expect further updates. The fact is that you wont need another update as the phone is having very good UI. 3)Videocon is a reputed indian company but it is new to smartphones.
Just compare with Samsung Grand 2 and Moto G, you will find why it is worth buying.. 1.2 Ghz Quad Core processor & 1 GB RAM 3.2 Secondary camera, good for video calling
best mobile , battery backup good, super fast,excellent display , excellent build quality. touch seen best, nothing to say negative
me,my 2 casinos and my uncle using this phone. its a superb phone.only -ve is its flash timing. processor speed is supper. killing look....,battery backup is good, and this phone support 3G in both sims.
This mobile is one of the best mobile I have ever handled. I feel if some one wants to go for budget mobile ,this will be the ideal one. Best photos, touch sensitivity is good & resolution is also superb.
It is a great phone with good convenience. Works well. it is easy to use. has great applications. good battery back up.
just i buy this smartphone in local retailer shop ,it is pretty good decent phone for gaming comparing to sony z,and samsung mobiles ,its processing speed is good,and has 1 gb of ram and 4gb of internal storage and its graphics is too good powered by qualcomm processor ........ games like dead trigger 1,2 &modern combat 4 ,asphalt 7,8 and shadow gun are too good while playing without errors........... the battery back up is good and stands up to a whole day on using internet............. the camera is too goog with 8.0p in back and 3.2 in rear camera
Best phone by videocon till nw... Though not buyd from flipkart.. The processor is much more then required and usually phones in this range hangs after a period of time but its not the case with A55. ITS SMOOTH AND VERY EFFECIENT negatives - not a very high quality low light images otherwise the camera is superb Positive - the phone is such a beauty everyone asks you which phone is it..
I have been using this phone for over 4 months now. Although I did not buy this phone from Flipkart, just thought of putting in a word as in my experience, Flipkart is the best in terms of online shopping. I bought the phone from a shop in Koramangala @ Rs 12,900/-. I think 1 GB RAM with 1.2 GHz Quad core processor is a very effective combination if not the most optimal spec at this price. Result is a fast response and seamless multi tasking. 16m colors make the pics graphics look amazing. Pics taken in daylight are amazing. Low light photos are not great though! Full HD videos in daylight are also superb. But the camera tries to auto focus when the distance from the subject changes significantly, which causes a momentary blur. Touch wood, there are no scratches till now, inspite of two drops by my kid. The protective sleeve is of good quality, but a flip cover would have been more convenient to use. It is currently not available in the market or online :( Download apps without any worry as the phone is not going to hang. Gyro sensors allow you to play games like Speed Racing. Video mixing apps like FXGuru and Magisto work well. With regards to looks, the most common reaction I have from my friends 'Wow, which phone is this?.... Videocon! Videocon kyun liya?'. My response is, '... because I liked it, and don't care if it is not the popular choice'. Overall all, very glad to have chosen this phone. But a word for the makers... Videocon, if you are serious about your phone business, show some aggression in marketing and distribution of your phones. Will take away 1 star from the rating for your lack of enough presence in the phone market.
This Mobile I have been using for last 4 Months, and is the best among the 5 inch HD screen mobiles with in 13000 rupees. Display is awesome, You can switch the 3G band to either sim with just a tap. No need to remove the back cover. I like the video call recording option which is very cool, and have not seen in any other mobile. With 3G data on, battery lasts about 9 hours. With 2G data on, battery lasts about 16 hours. which is sufficient for me. I am using hell lots of apps and never have seen any lag so far. Even CRS racing, a heavy graphics game runs so smooth on the mobile. Superb one! Hope Videocon will promote it's mobile products more.
Over all it is ok phone in this price range Camera quality is not good it is hardly 4MP and company is not providing screen protector like other company provide to make it work for long term,touch sensor is good.look is good
This is an excellent phone made by videocon ... quad core processor 8 mp rear and 3.2 mp front camera 1gb ram High end games run smoothly because of these and best service from flipkart as always
Even as the device has stunning looks its features leave a lot to be desired. The pictures shot on the 8mp camera is no better than what a 3 or 4mp may deliver. Worse, over time the camera app failed to do even the basic shooting it did until then. I couldn't figure if it was a software problem or poor integration that was causing it. You will barely hear the phone ringing even at max volume. So, forget it if you're planning to play music on loudspeaker; I think it's not even right to call it a loudspeaker. The device is extremely fragile and pray you don't drop it even from a few mere centimetres. That will cost you another rs.8000 to replace the easily broken screen, which is not so easy to replace, if you choose to go through the traumatic personnel at the service desk. And there isn't another way, I know, of fixing it. The videocon A55 hd is worthless unless videocon resolves to remedy its serious shortcomings in its service and programming of the device.
look 10/10 battery consumtion 0/10 last for 7 hrs on moderate use dint find flap cover in any market so 1/10 processing 7/10 display 10/10 customization 7/10 camera 3/10 dark images even after flash my 5 mp samsung gives better image than this no stylus asked flipkart to change it lets see what wud happen the max price of it should be 6 k its better to spend 14 k on any samsung mobile rather than this trully speaking total disappointment................. micromax a116 battery last without charging with moderate use 2 days
