MOBDSQZHJ6YRHZGE
Many people complaint about price,but now it is reduced to nearly 12K.So it is the correct price for this product. Canvas Turbo Mini goes right up against the Motorola Moto G in the market. We had only two issues with the Moto G; its camera and non-expandable storage.Turbo Mini takes care of these issues. Good---- 1.Good camera 2.Good built quality(Metal) 3.Light weight 4.Performance 5.Electronic Image stabilization (EIS) 6.White themed UI Bad---- 1.Mediocre battery life 2.Battery is not removable
This is the beast squeezed in a small device! The performance is just breathtaking! Thank you flipkart for selling it at such a low rate! With its 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processor,it can run asphalt 8 at high settings without any lag! Sound quality is quite good,Video play is awesome! Video recording can be done in Full HD,as it has got "fine" option available! Front Camera is fine enough. Sometimes it lags,not even sometimes,RARELY. Conclusion: Go for it. :D
DON'T BYE ANY MICROMAX PRODUCT !!! I have a display problem... while listening song suddenly phone display disappears ... Phone is in warranty period ( just after purchase of 4 months) but authorized service center says it a liquid entry so phone is not in warranty you have to repair this phone with COST OF 6,589/- which is too much of the original cost of mobile... Very poor response from service center.. they said me that your mobile damaged due to rain or water but it never get contacted with water & no physical damage... and the repair cost is very high ... so I suggest all of you NEVER BUY ANY MICROMAX PRODUCT.
Whne i first unboxed the phone..i felt it was much bigger than expected..difficut to hande it with single hand..Battery heats up soon even if are just flipping the screens. Not that good...disappointed by the product..in photos it looks good, but in hand it is very difficult to handle with singe hand...I had ordered LG E455 before for my dad....it is much better than turbo mini. those who want this phone shud think once again..it is no taht worth... instead go for LG or Samsung..They offer much good quality Pros: Light weight(but Lg E455 is lighter than this) Camera quality is excellent Design is good Cons: BATTERy slippery in hands Finally those who want slim phone ..this is best with good camera and display..but 12000 is to high for this phone..
This phone has a worst battery life and it gives only 1800MAH. you need to charge this phone at least 4-5 times a day.it gets heated up very fast.if you use for around 10-15 min. but the best thing is camera.only for camera i would be giving 3 stars.
According to the price range...it performs awesome!! The camera performs well..not so well enough in low light..the resolution looks stunning..amd the 1st thing anyone would notice when the take the phone in their hand is....does this even have a battery!!..yess its soo light!!..the only con is that the battery life is below average considering the power the quad precessors and the screen consumes..
I had got this cell for just 7K on Big Billion Day ! Really worth in that price !!! Very light weighted. Canvas Turbo Mini can be compared against the Motorola Moto G, Samsung S3. Advantages 1.User friendly 2.Good camera 3.Good built quality(Metal) 4.Light weight 5.Very good Performance 6.HD Recorder 7.1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor Disadvantages 1.Battery cannot be removed 2.Less battery life
One of the better micromax phones. Better than many of the phones you get the price. Camera, especially front cam is awesome.
i bought the mobile one month ago. The primary as well as the secondary camera is amazing..picture quality is too good..the only downside is that it gets discharged quite easily...but what more can you expect from a smart phone which costs 8k..it's definitely value for money.. p.s. it looks very sleek and is quite light..
Phone is very in Display colour and Toned. Camera is average. Phone sound quality is fine. front camera is just awesome. Battery is inbuilt, it is only draw back of this phone. good headphone sound quality with some branded headphone. Battery backup is average. No Heating Problem.
i am buy this mobile last week,very happy to buy this mobile, because very slim and less weight... but i did't like this mobile inbild battery,do not remove the battery...other wise its a very good and less weight mobile....\
Best phone with very high quality display and mind blowing performance. Heats up with heavy gaming otherwise works well. Very Slim and stylish.
Micromax does what it did in canvas series seems good effort.....after opening the box,The phone was very LIGHT WEIGHT and its looks which was very good in black and thin metal like finish made it looking even better on back side the company's logo and speakers just at the bottom of the phone and a 8 mp camera at backside and yes a very good front facing camera of 5 mp with certain censors.....As it has 4.2.2 it was quiet disappointing due to the latest version of android series are up to the mark , Display is very impressive as it is HD with 1280x720 p resolution seems good when of full brightness , a most disappointing thing was its battery backup which is just only 1800 mAh and does to last even a single day if you are using internet or using apps , A also bad thing is its internal memory which is 4gb (phone's storage is 0.98 gb and internal for apps is just1.61 gb) A no. of apps are preinstalled in it and also has smart gestures which uses proximity sensor for certain functions........... AT LAST I JUST WANT TO TELL YOU GUYZ THAT IF YOU LOVE THIS DEVICE YOU CAN GO FOR IT OTHERWISE I WILL JUST A SAMSUNG GALAXY GRAND PRIME WHICH IS THE SHOW STOPPER FOR JUST 5K MORE WITH X 3 SPECS AS COMPARED WITH THIS ONE.....
Phone is very good, specially the camera is awesome, very less phone have 5MP Secondary Camera at this Cheap Rate. So Girls go for it..... 1.touch is very good. 2.display is not going dark if you see from bad angels(which is really awesome) 3.the device does not hang or excessively overheat..... 4.Huge internal memory SO GO FOR IT.... Only Problem is the battery backup (only 1800mAh), but it can easily solved by the software named Battery Doctor
This is a lovely phone. I am just loving it. Very sleek and easy to handle. It is as smart as I expected it to be making my life a blissful one.
I am using this phone for the past 2 weeks. and believe me this is really a great phone. Pros: Exceptional camera both front and Rear(its front camera is way better than the rear camera of many other phones) Can play high end games Smooth Running. Cons: A little messy while inserting your micro sim. No removable battery. Heats up a little bit while playing high end games for more time. A great phone. You can choose this over asus zenfone 4 a450cg, moto e and many other phones which are under 10000.
Don't buy this phone.It'll make you loose your temper,anger.....Finally you will smash it. 0.0 rating.
I buyed this mobile for 8500.i think its worth of money what i buyed Good---- 1.Good camera 2.Good built quality(Metal) 3.Light weight 4.Performance 5.Front camera is awsome Bad---- 1.Mediocre battery life 2.Heating while playing games and while using wifi 3.4GB ROM
I don't know what the future of Micromax is going to be, companies like XOLO and some other Chinese companies are taking the market.
It's been almost a month after purchasing Turbo Mini. Here is what i found about the device. The Look and Design: Micromax Turbo Mini (A200) is very thin and its very light for a smartphone of 4.7". Camera : Rear 8 MP is Good but Average. Front 5 MP is Excellant for Selfie. Display: 720p HD display is Crisp and Colorful (Excellent). Performance: For Average Apps, its works fine without any hang. Battery : If Fully charged, it can sustain a whole day with moderate usage. Now Here's the PROBLEM WITH THIS, OVERHEATING OF BACKSIDE OF PHONE IT OVERHEATS WITHIN FEW MINUTES OF USE OF WEB BROWSING OR GAMING. And IT'S REALLY ANNOYING THAT IN ONLY 5 MINUTES OF GAMING IT HEATED SO MUCH THAT U MAY FEAR TO STOP. Now I m going to service center for this issue.
good mobile for its price but camera quality is worst,8 MP camera capturing the images at 800kb max indoor 1.6 mb outdoor only..............quality is very poor
It is very light not bulk,thin and well build.The camera is pretty good at this price and the gaming in this device is average.It lags a bit in daily usage but at this price point it is a very decent smartphone.
My friend got the same phone a week earlier than i did ,he got it from a local dealer at the cost of 14700 Rs. But it was available at a much lower cost online so i boudht it online. Pros:- 1)good camera both front and rear, 2)good touch screen, 3)sound quality is also good, 4)good build quality, and many more. Cons:- 1)battery drains out within 24 hrs of average usage, 2)there is no secondary microphone in this phone.
This produt is very good design. Extra slim, performance excellence. Stylish look. No lagging problem. And front camera is superb. Best fon in it's class. And very handy size. You easily operate with pne hand. Go for it without hesitation.
Its coll! The cell is delivered within 3days! It has good fratures. I am fully satisfied..... It's much batter than moto e or g
The phone is just awesome....1gb ram is just enough to play almost every games in the playstore...Camera is also gud...Front camera is 5MP which is enough to take selfie and make video call.. Light weight phone...
I find the camera and hd recording really good. Its a really good buy for 11K range. It beats moto g in having expandable memory slot. I bought it from a local store and there has been no complaints.Its better than canvas 4 bcoz its handy and fits in your jeans pocket.
