MOBDBF87KHTGU3H3
It's been a month since I've started using the Lumia 610. My summary is that if you own this phone, make sure you are a Vodafone subscriber. You can neither afford to be an Airtel, nor an Idea nor a DoCoMo subscriber. Read on to know more: I have been an Airtel 3G subscriber for more than 5 years and I've used a number of smartphones before getting myself the Lumia. All my phones have been great and the 3G speed has been matchless. When I got this phone, I came to know that you need to configure Windows Live ID (Hotmail account) in order to be able to use the Windows Marketplace and I did just that. In a week's time, my 3G data connection got a severe beating. My internet wouldn't connect, mails wouldn't synchronize (I would get this error code:800072EFD). After quite a few visits to the Nokia Service Centre and to the Airtel offices, this is what I get to know (something that has been confirmed by the Data Connectivity team of Airtel): that I need to disable Windows Live ID so that 3G would connect without any hiccups. Now, when I tried to do that, I learn that the first Windows Live ID that you configure cannot be disabled. To disable it, you need to do a Master Factory Reset (which means you'll lose all your data and apps installed). I said fine and did the same. Now, my 3G connection is fine, however, since I haven't been able to install my Windows Live ID again, I just cannot use the Windows Marketplace. I had a long conversation with the Airtel engineers and I get to know that there are at least 40 such reported cases in Chennai alone. The engineer promised me to present a case study to Nokia/Windows to get this fixed. I honestly do not know if and when this will happen. I got a 'smartphone' for 13K not to be able to use the Marketplace? In the first place, why shouldn't I be able to use the Marketplace without having to configure the Windows Live ID? I can't even exchange this phone now for some other Android phone, because apparently, the resale price of this phone has not been decided yet, given its recent launch!!!!
Even iCrap dose'nt support Bluetooth over other phones,you can only connect with iCraps,same here with lumia,so whats the deal,even iOS dosen't allow you to alter its memory,that's why you get 16GB/32GB/8GB Variants in iPhones.......So if you ever thought or dreamt of iPhone then why so serious about lumia,i mean MS has done something diff from the league and still all sing of android,m not saying android is bad m just saying that WP is not as bad as you think...... Think-Use-Explore and then give your comment
you will definitely don't regret,sleek and stylish,os responds fast,no lags so far. bluetooth connectivity with limited phone,that doesn't bother me much. highly recommend for this range.touch will blow you up,sexy touch ,u can compare it with apple touch. next to apple i will recommend nokia lumia touch interface.
If you are buying this mobile please be careful. this mobile has so many disadvantages. No sharing of Bluetooth if u dont have laptop you cant do anything. because its very complicated to transfer data with out PC.
hi freinds , this exellent phone from the most trusted brand nokoa is an exellent value for money and has all the features of a good smartphone . It is buttery smooth and is not at all laggy in basic use i was so surpriced by its smoothness as i had been an android user before and it lagged like hell when doin' heavy multitasking and using any launcher. I will assure you that you will be happy to use it . Thanks for reading.
i think this is the phone we all have been waiting from Nokia.. a cheap Windows 7.5 phone upgradable to Tango. Camera 5 MP is sufficient and the led flash makes it more better. If you compare it with cheap Androids (>12k) like Galaxy ace or even Sony Live with Walkman, this gives them a tough competition. Good battery life and 3.7 inch touchscreen makes it a superb phone. The built: I assure you, no one can beat Nokia on that. to all those who think it's not worth: Think again my friend.. A superb phone from Nokia >13k. you can't ask for anything more.. Go for it!
1. You cannot attach any document like word, ppt, excel etc. 2. When you forward a mail you cannot edit the mail which you are forwarding. 3. Most of the apps you need to purchase 4. There is no option of saving the documents in a particular folder. 5. Blue tooth though it works in the updated version you cannot connect properly. 6. Apps must be downloaded compulsorily through WiFi or through 3G, You can't download in PC or in other mobile transfer. 7. Limited Apps. 8. Many Banks & trading companies introduces their apps first in Android then only they will introduce in Windows phones. I think these are the most important things which comes in any ones mind should be available when thinking about a smart phone. There are many other things probably I may have missed or I must have not mentioned. Don't go for this phone.. I purchased & I'm regretting.
If you are someone who would like to do a lot with apps, its certainly not the phone for you. Lumia has all the essential features in a very organised way and its very easy to access the usual stuff, like contacts, images, music, settings. PROS: Good camera quality with decent flash. Very smooth touch screen (obviously you can't compare it with any Apple device). Contacts are synced with Facebook and its easy to access your contacts' info easily. Microsoft Office helps you to a lot of work and save then on Skydrive (a cloud feature) and you can access. CONS: App store is not like Anroid where you will get every kind of apps. Media can only be transferred through Zune (like iTunes). Bluetooth only from Lumia to Lumia.
I didn't plan on buying a windows phone. I was just browsing @ a local mobile store when i got this irresistable urge to buy this. I tried out first with the shopkeepers phone and then bought it. Now my usability review after 1 month use: PROS:- 1).Live tiles make social integartion a piece of cake. So, in short i love the new interface. Its a huge change from the regulars of android and ios. 2).Battery Life is too good. Being an former android user, i can vouch on this phones battery which is a huge improvement over battery hugging andriod devices. 3).Call quality is superb, with virtually zero call drops. We all have forgotten what is the phone is primarily used for right? 4). Office 2010, XBox Games, Nokia Music, Sports Tracker are bundled goodies apps. 5). As contary to belief, Windows Marketplace has a fair nos of useful apps and all look visually great. CONS:- 1).256MB RAM. R u kidding me?? Seriously Nokia?? How could do this eh?. Well, this constraint will prevent you from getting some useful apps from marketplace. 2).Windows Marketplace needs to mature. Ex:- Facebook for windows. Its a stunning beauty visually, but functionally too slow. ios app is like 5X faster. Blame Microsoft for this. 3).Sync. Devil of a word. No copy-paste USB functionality. No sir, u must have Zune Player for Sync. Why Nokia? Why? 4).5 MP Camera+LED Flash. Impressive?? No. Its Crap. Total shit, even with Nokia Camera Extras. 5). Biggest problem. Only updatable till Windows 7.8. No Windows 8 for Lumia 610,710 or 800. VERDICT: Wait for 3/4 months more and get a Lumia 920. It will come with all the best features u will ever need in a smartphone. Don't rush into the windows platform for now. Lumia 610 comes off as the lower budget windows phone, limited in functionality but nevertheless looks great. P.S. I got the Cyan colour. Looks awesome.
windows OS is most troublesome.....display is goog but battery & processing is ....way bad.Only features is its look. It got poor 3G speed ... don't have any memory expandable slot ..as well as ..became slow after installing 4-5 apps... ADVICE: DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT...
though i have not bought this phone from flipkart but since 2 years i am using this phone.....just some months ago i got one samsung galaxy core.......but after some days of using galaxy i felt its much better to switch back to lumia....the only con about this phone is regarding its restrictions about sharing files......the most important thing about this is its sound quality which is just awesome...
This piece of shit is a King in lagging. I haven't seen a phone like this, ever. if you are a whatsapp user, you will cry everytime you open it. in fact not even a single app runs perfectly. you will have a severe data connection problem since it doesn't have in built network setting. you will again cry if you open any pdf document. it doesn't vibrate while ringing. worst experience ever. This phone deserves a place in dustbin.
Do not go for this product. Hopeless to the core. Note even worth 0.1% of the money. I unfortunately chose this piece of crap to gift my brother. Don't repeat my mistake.
whatsapp doesn't work properly.. it hangs a lot during use of whatsap..it is one of worst phone of windows by nokia. Recommend not to buy it..go for some android device..add few more k's go for micromax canvas series
I am using this phone from past 18 months. 1. Whatsapp will never work function properly and will hang most of the times. I was a frequent user of whatsapp before but after buying this phone i almost stopped using whatsapp. 2. Viber is physically there but it will not function. 3. Microsoft is least bothered for customer satisfaction no matter how many complaints. 4. The Camera and battery backup are better than regular smart phones. 5. We can not save videos in whatsapp. 6. We cannot store any additional data in the memory given, and adding songs and photos is a very tedious process. In short it is a very complex and good for nothing phone.
i hv used this phone ..it is great in performance.. cons-: 1 good battery life, 2 slim stylish look 3 awesome screen resolution n colours, u ll love it every time u touch it 4 now bluetooth sharing is allowed with (7.8) update 5 good in multi tasking, u can check its performance by sliding photos as fast as u can .. 6 it never hangs.. 7 touch screen is very very sensitive .. its gr8 ..try urself then u ll know 8 u r getting nokia's latest technology in jus 12000 rs, nokia is the worlds no 1 mobile brand 9 sound is loud enough ..which add more fun with games,apps n music 10 enjoy windows live tiles .. u can make ur own screen(adjust tile sizes, colour,tag anyones profile etc).. it is the best thing of any windows phone cons- it cant b updated 2 windows phn 8, some apps doesnt work with it but there are unlimited apps u can enjoy with it ram is 256 overall_: phone is very g00d to buy.. its very cool phone..plz check it out..u can switch to lumia 710 if u r not comfortable with 256ram..
One glance at the Nokia Lumia 610 and you realise that this is a smartphone designed to impress. Outdoing its competition by many a mile, this phone sports a sleek metallic finish that makes it stand out as an eye-catcher. If I could only count the number of admiring or jealous glances my Lumia 610 has earned me, I would be gloating for sure. With a relatively large 3.7-inch capacitive touchscreen, this phone is way better than my BB Curve. The screen feels very responsive under my fingers and I almost glide through the menus and apps. Images open up and zoom with ease. My Nokia Lumia 610 embeds social networking apps like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. This works extremely well for the social networking addict in me. I used to be logged in to Facebook for hours together from my laptop; now it’s from my Phone. With the Windows Phone OS redefining mobile computing and communication convenience in a smart way, I can access all my favourite apps and games right from my home screen from the easy-to-use and navigate tiled interface. With the People Hub feature, I have arranged for all of my friends’ updates showing up on my home screen without having to navigate to their profiles. In fact, this phone is so cool that it lets me post updates to Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn simultaneously. Driving around the town or going on weekend trips is much more fun, as I discover destinations and new routes with my Nokia Maps app. Using Nokia Drive, I get turn-by-turn navigations instructions, so that there’s no chance of being lost and wastage of fuel. Gaming is a great pacifier for me, as I find it relaxing after a day of hard work. With my Lumia 610, I can start gaming anywhere and even when on the move. The accelerometer sensor and Touch UI makes games more immersive. With access to XBOX Live, the fun and gaming sessions go on uninterrupted for hours. Though, I don’t use the 5 MP camera much, but it has given me good results whenever I have been inclined to use it. With an LED flash to support photography in low light, I can even record videos during the day or at night. The 8 GB internal storage memory of my phone has proved sufficient for me till date. With 3G data services, I can access the web to browse and stream online content via Internet Explorer 9 and Bing browsers on my Lumia 610. The experience is almost similar to desktop browsing and is very well simulated on my Nokia smartphone. I catch up with the latest tracks on Mix Radio and if I like them, I download them from the Nokia Music Store in a flash. The integrated Zune player renders audio flawlessly. What’s more, my Lumia 610 has great battery life and can go up to 2 days without needing a recharge! That’s a lot of reasons to love my phone!
Nt gud as compared to omnia wrt secondary camera and processor. It luks bulky too while omnia z very slim and powerful.U cant make video calls in lumia and even if u do u ll get irritated as no secondary camera. Super amoled screen in omnia while amoled in lumia. Lumia use micro sim so u cant use dat sim in ny other fon except dose phone whic use micro sim. So frankly lumia sucks wrt omnia.
a secondary camera is missing.....processor should have been around 1GHZ...that would have made it the very best handset in its price range....still it is very good.....i would rate it a 4 out of 5 shining stars!!!
