MOBDJ3RY6XKHZHD6
The design is a rip-off of the HTC 8S and Karbonn are stupid enough to show the Windows Phone 8 interface in the advertisements instead of Android, Shows how much effort they put into the phone.. totally misleading and stupid! I'd not buy this phone just for the misleading and false marketing..
I just want to tell to any one who is thinking of purchasing this phone. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. This phone is not running on ics but it is running on android 2.3 i.e gingerbread. Karbonn has just changed the android version in the settings and has changed it from android 2.3 to android 4.0.3, whereas in reality this phone is running android 2.3. Also karbonn is stating on the box that it is android 4.0 device. Very Very bad marketing strategy by karbonn.
AM FROM CHENNAI...., ACTUALLY 2 DAYS BEFORE I CAME TO KARBONN SERVICE CENTRE. THERE IS LOTS OF PEOPLE FROM VARIOUS PLACES ARE OVER THERE... (UPTO 50 KM, COZ THERE IS ONLY 2 SERVICE STATIONS AVAILABLE FOR KARBONN IN CHENNAI. THIS S Y I SLAP MYSELF FOR 1ST TIME) AND THEN THERE IS A BIG FIGHT BETWEEN THE DEALER AND THE CUSTOMERS.. MOST OF THE PEOPLE CAME THERE AFTER USING MIN OF 3 DAYS., ALSO 1 DAY USER ALSO CAME THERE FOR THE SERVICE... SHAME SHAME PUPPY SHAME... 2ND TIME I SLAP MYSELF) I WENT THERE FOR MY NEW TAB-8 WHICH IS USED FOR 20 DAYS..(NORMAL USING, DAILY ONE HOUR) AND THEN A BIG FIGHT AMONG THE PEOPLE.. MIN 1 HOUR FOR A PERSON FOR FIGHT, ALL ARE SLAP THEIR SELF FOR GO WITH KARBONN PRODUCTS.. ALL ARE REQUESTED FOR RE-PRODUCT, THEY ALSO READY TO GIVE A NEW PIECE, JUST THEY NEED IS 6 DAYS, THEN A NEW PRODUCT., WHAT A COMPANY... DON GO WITH KARBONN..... IF U GO FOR IT, U IL THUMPS UP WITH ME IN FUTURE FOR SURE. I PROMISE U ALL... PASIL 9894667889 (I GIVEN MY NUMBER, AM NOT A DEALER FOR ANYOTHER PRODUCT, BUT FOR A PUBLIC AWARNESS AND MY OWN EXPERIENCE I WANNA SHARE IT) V ALL JUST THINK OF LOW PRICE, HIGH FEATURES .... THIS IS OUR WEAKNESS Y V GO FOR THESE KIND OF FRAUD PRODUCT
I am using Karbonn K46 since last 2 yrs. and it's running very well till date without giving much trouble. I was so happy with the brand that this time I chose A6 model and placed the order accordingly with Flipkart. But after reading the reviews I got shocked and cancelled my order. Thanks to flipkart team for their quick action to cancel my order without any arguement or queries. GUYS...WHOEVER WROTE A REVIEW ON THIS, PLZ. MAKE IT A POINT THAT AFTER USING ANY PRODUCT U WILL WRITE A REVIEW OTHERWISE IT MAY MISGUIDE OTHERS. THANKS
Hello plz plz plz DOnt bye this phone bad camera flash dsent work low memory hangs alot keyboard dissapears Pros android 4.0 screen size plz dont buy this !!...........................................................................
I bought this phone for my friend who's new to Android, his only demand was to use skype and whatsapp. Upon seeing the front cam I've orderded this but I was wrong, skype video phone is not supported and the low mem status always bugging. Apps2SD is not sufficient, hardly 2-3 apps can be loaded, FB, Whats app are working satisfactorily. Cam quality is very very poor than a VGA branded phone. 5MP is just a label its nothing more than 1.3MP in reality. There's no much difference between front & rear cam output in proper lighting. Flash is just for the name sake a normal 5mm LED can light up better than this crap. Karbonn has to think of the practical issues on low internal memory. They could've provide a minimum 512MB space to accommodate a few must have apps. Poor battery backup, hardly survives till evening, Call clarity is satisfactory, but signal strength is doubtful at times. 1GHz processor fails to prove due to the low mem issues. Good screen & size and build quality Overall its not a good buy may be it can be fine tuned after rooting at the cost of warrranty
This is my first venture outside the comfort zone of Nokia or Samsung. I was inclined to Micormax Bolt, but bought this one for the 5mp camera. I am using it for a month now. Whats good about it ? It looks good on your hand. Very stylish. The white strip on the overall black phone definitely makes a statement. Big screen, reasonable speaker. Whats not good about it ? Every other thing ..... To list a few - 1. The mic quality is very very poor. Cant imagine. During a call no body can hear what I am talking. I need to speak directly at the mic. Very disappointing. 2. Now, its an android phone. good. But very low internal memory. You can however install apps to the micro sd to save the internal memory. What surprised me is that I cant install google apps to the micro sd. So what am I supposed to do with an low memory android where I cant install google apps!!!! 3. Camera, definitely not good as on paper. My Nokia C5 (5Mp) used to give better result. Flash is also not good. The verdict. Buy if you already have an tab to do all the functions an android can offer and you are looking for a good looking phone only for basic functions.
it is a super phone with 5 mp cam and digital front camera ,nice features and android 4.0 icecream sandwich which is superb in low budget ,it has 104 mb internal memory which is negative thing 4 biyers ,but totally it is wonderful and awesum ,i can buy it it wid no confusion
it's really a buget phone with all features . But battery backup lasts only 2 hours. the games like temple run and angry birds works fine since it has 512 mb of RAM if we play games for 10 minutes we'll loss up to 50% of battery
Karbon has provided some cool budget andriod device and dat to with ICS better than Micromax but int this one karbon a6 its looks like the issue will be internal memory. apart from this any one who is looking to buy first andriod go for it , it will be real good experience.
just amazed with the design... looks like htc 8s with the sharp edges nd all.. undoubtedly better than any mmx phone in this range..apart from internal memory evrything"s good...and you also have sd cards so i suggest budget buyers to go for this phone
I have purchased KARBONN A6 (Black White) on 14/07/2013 via online portal Flipkart. I got the delivery on time. I purchased the mobile to gift someone in my family. As they started using the mobile, within a month, the speaker got damaged and mobile started hanging. When contacted Flipkart they gave me address of service center in Thane address: Shop No. 13, Sarovar Darshan Tower Opp. T.M.C. Office, Almeda Road, Chandanwadi Panchpakhadi. The service center was already crowded. After waiting for almost half a day I got my turn. After checking the mobile the service center executive asked me to deposit the mobile. After 3 weeks I got my mobile repaired. Again after some time the mobile got damaged again. Now the lock screen itself is not moving and Home screen with applications are not visible at all. It was a great insult for me to gift such a worst mobile to my relative. It’s very embarrassing too.
My phone stopped working after 8 months, i gave it for repairs at Karbonn service station, they sent it to Delhi for repairs !! And now its been 2 months since i gave it for repairs, its still not yet fixed. i called many times to d company asking if my phone is fixed n when i'll get it back !! and every time they give me excuses saying that the phone is not yet fixed and it will take more 10-12 days !!
I have Thrown this phone after 5 months of use Pros: Perfect gift item to your enemies .It is like Fiat Liena body with tata Nanos engine Cons: NO proper signal Restarting issue . It is build on 2.6 linux kernel . All the ICS phone comes with 3.2 linux kernel . I bet you if you buy you will regret forever . This experience is purely based on personal usage for 5 months .
giving it 1 star is also too much as this is the worst phone on the planet.....there are various problems with the call functionality...NO INTERNAL STORAGE AT ALL...trust me out of the 014 mb the system takes up more than 60 mb ._. so many lagg issues with this phone....NEVER EVER EVER BUY IT.
LOOKS CAN BE DECIVEING !!! nothing better can say my experience with this phone than this. cons: bad.. really bad CAMERA........ slow processor ..... bad touch (HORRIBLE) disgusting battery pros: a good way to waste 5k!
This is the most fake promised phone i have ever seen... if you have any respect for your money don't ever lure to the cover page of un-boxed product or the model . The reasons i write this review about the phone is :- 1) Internal memory is too low i;e130mb out of which 80-90 mb is used for no reasons internally 2) Version Fake .. its has promised @start screen for ICS andoid 4.0 .. but the device is much lower than mentioned... and if we try to update , no way we succeed on our tries... 3) speaker goes off very soon, very poor sound quality 4) how expensive or the best headphones or headsets you purchase this device has weird sound quality to every plug-ins 5) Front Camera is just for show , Never it works :-( 6) And the last i wanna mention is back camera 5.0mp.... and you imagine what they would have given...
WORST EXPERIENCE IN MY LIFE :- I HAVE BOUGHT KARBON N A6 IN APRIL 2013 AFTER 15 DAYS I HAVE FOUND ITS SPEAKER IS NOT WORKING. THEN I SUBMITTED MY CELL PHONE KARBONN A6 TO DISTRICT CENTRE, JANAK PURI SERVICE CENTRE . THAT CENTRE GIVE A TIME OF ONE WEEK AFTER ONE WEEK I HAVE GO SERVICE CENTRE TO COLLECT MY PHONE . WHAT I SEE SPEAKER OF THE PHONE IS WORKING BUT NOW CAMERA AND HEADPHONE JACK IS NOT WORKING. AGAIN I RESUBMITTED MY PHONE . THEN AGAIN GIVE A TIME OF ONE WEEK . TILL DATE MY PHONE IS WITH SERVICE CENTRE AND I CANT FIND THE SOLUTION .SUMMARY OF THE FINAL STORY :- PURCHASE DATE : 01 APRIL 2013 SUBMITTED TO RESOLVE THE PROBLEM :- 03 JUNE 2013 TILL DATE I HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY PHONE. SO GUYS NOT GO FOR ANY PRODUCT OF KARBONN......................IT IS A CHEATER AND WORST COMPANY OF INDIA.
Guys, I bought this phone thinking it would be a "value for money" phone. But it turned out to be a waste of money. The camera which is reportedly of 5M is infact poorer than a normal 2M camera of other phones. The call voice, speaker voice is too low. When music is run on full volume, it breaks. Also it has a very low internal memory, so not many applications are supported. In last two months of usage, my phone contacts got deleted automatically (thank god they were saved in SIM). This has got only one think "Looks"...Apart from that, total shit.
Hai, Don't buy Karbonn A6 ! I bought A6 2months before. it emitted enormous heat, battery performance very poor I approached service center They received and gave me back after 1week without any improvement. Again I returned it for service They didn't return my phone yet.(two months completed) No response from service center
the phone is very gud works nice no problem with calling and everything BUT a very big touch screan problem,keeps cutting calls on its own,calls anybody anytime so just take this phone if u really like this phone
I think it is the one of the good product from the karbonn,it's battery backup is ok,good for gamming & high speed internet, at this price this is the one of the best ics phone ,i realy enjoyed with this phone
-Karbonn A6 is a good budget phone with a great display. -I am new to android so version doesn't matters to me. -Camera is ok for daylight clicks but night clicks are too bad. Flash is of no use. -Internal memory is low, but we can move the application to SD card. So i have installed basic games like Temple Run 2, Fruit Ninja, Angry Birds, MX Player,Freecell, subway surf, Solitaire and all works awsome in 4inch display. -4 inch IPS screen is a sexy stuff about this phone.. Screen Clarity is at its best in 5300 budget phone. Doesn't hangs much.. I am using it for 2-3 days, battery back up is gud with full day 2g on... Must buy phone for 5300 budget phone. People with complaints spent money and buy 20000 phone rather than criticizing..
I am purchased this phone 29/03/2013,I am not a smarty user for smart phone but before i purchase this phone i searched so many branded phone but i am not find out the best option,but after this i can proud of my search option and finally i got the best budget smart phone ,
The mobile kabonn a6 has great look ang very good features specially the light on front side of the mobile looks very cool.Although phone memory is low as compared to other phones but overall goods , loud and clear sound quality gaming experience while playing games like subway surfer,angry birds etc..??? Overall gudd phone...
Karbonn you are a disgrace to Indian manufactures oh I forgot u dont manufacture it but its the Chinese that do that for u.Plagarism should be the word used to describe this piece of shit.If Karbon likes windows phone interface then license it from microsoft like any decent people do.My god deosnt even deserve the single star.
i Love this phone its touch is smooth android is excellent . i like this phone . and prefer others to buy this phone ... Camera picture quality is good ........................................................................................................................................
I bought a Karbonn A9+ in January 2013. By April it stopped working. I live in Mumbai so I took it to a Karbonn service centre (Fort)and he refused to repair it saying that he does not service bangalore phones. The issue is still ongoing and all the customer care numbers are unavailable. i have taken up the issue with karbonn and they have still not provided me with a solution. FYI: I BOUGHT THIS PHONE ON EMI FROM FLIPKART AND JUST PAID THE LAST EMI (WITH COMPLPETE REGRET) A FEW DAYS AGO. WAY TO GO FLIPKART!! I dont know if this fault is with you or karbonn mobiles, but I dont intend to shop online anymore.
this phone is very nice according to the price...the camera quality is very good and games like temple run and fruit ninja runs very nicely.phone runs with no lag and have great display and design. go and get ittttttttttttttttt.........................................................................
vry disappointed cam:- vry bad memry:- 100mb btry:- alws problm. on-off prblm:-p primary camera: bad secondary cam:bad flash: zeero(00000)
I am using this phone from last 6 months and this is really awesome phone in this price budget. Its processor and ram is really good enough to play big games. I have played games like thor, dead trigger, frontline commando, asphalt 8. There was some hanging problem in asphalt 8 otherwise all were running fine. Overall this phone is nice, there are few drawbacks that I am listing below. WhatsApp for PC - Volume is not so high - Instead of 5 MP, camera is really bad. - My battery is now damaged after 6 months of use, it may be because I have used it so much for gaming.
Its look is nice but it is not good at all. It has a bad camera. Its totally stupid . Its battery drains toòooooooo fast. Battery remains only for an hour . its storage capacity is too low. It is tooooo slow. and sometimes I need to struggle for its keyboard to appear. Please please please............................... don't buy this mobile . It is waste of money. This karbonn it self useless. Not only karbonn A6 , all karbonn mobiles r waste. It is the worst mobile I have ever bought. Its really bad. U go for Samsung , lenovo, panasonic or Motorola. They r good.
Overall service and updates were good. delivery was well before committed time. Packaging was good and I found all the accessories along with.
I bought this product 3months before it's really worse. The Camera Quality is too bad Front Cam is worse. no 3G support and if you run more then 4-5 apps it's start hanging and you need to reboot it.
IF U R GOING TO BUY KARBONN PHONE, 1ST THING ABOUT THE SERVICE CENTERS, I TELL U. THIS IS 3 rd CLASS BRAND, I PERCHED KARBONN "S PHONES, THEY ARE VERY GOOD IN LOOKING, AND FEACHERWISH WHICE ARE SHOWN BUT AFTER 2 MONTHS ALL FEACHERS ARE JUST TO SHOW YOU FRIENDS, BECAUSE THEY DONT RUN. THEN YOU SEE THE COSTOMER CARE NUM. WHICH IS WRITEN ON THE BOX. YOU WILL CALL ON THE NUM. THAT IS FACK NUM. NO ONE RECEIVE IT. AND SERVICE CENTER SUBMITE THE PHONE AND DESPATCH IT TO MUMBAI. FOR TILL UR WARANTY CLOSED. NOW THING ABOUT IT. SERVICE CENTER AT LUCKNOW IS AAKARSH ELECTRONICS. SUBMIT PHONE TILL WARANTY IS GOING TO CLOSE. GO TO NOKIA, SUMSUNG OR MIKROMAX OR ANY CHINA MADE IS ALSO BATTHER OPTIONS. IF WANT A GOOD PHONE.DONT GO TO THE ANDROID. KARBON HAS FACK ANDROID PHONES.
hi all, if you want to save your money ..please DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE not even worth for 1000rs,. only the benefit is large screen...karbonn showed its simplicity marketing skills..fraud ,cheaters.. nothing is working good.it will irritate you in all ways starting from phone calls,camera and internet also..no use..very very bad ..
dont buy this mobile friends , this is good for nothing , really disheartening since i have bought this useless mobile
i was searching for a good budget phone for my father...delivery was great with nice packaging flipkart said that it has ics 4.0 but and 100mb i saw the review of other's i found they were complaining i thought it will be a good phone for a starter but i was amazed when i got jelly bean 4.2.2 and 1.2 gb internal storage the phone never lags in anything ..games are gud my farther liked it a lot so did my mother and she told me to get one for her so now i have 2 of those all my friends were amazed.. i bet u can't get a better phone for than these one for the price tag of 4500/
It is a good phone having almost all features I require. 3G not being included is a problem for the users. Front Camera is poor. Still, I find it worth.
worst phone i ever had in my lyf. no battery backup, no internal space, hangs every minute, and worst customer support. please DO NOT buy this phone. EVER.
Its a Awesome to buying ... this phone have updated ICS 4.0.4 to jelly bean 4.2.2, 2gb inbuilt and 1.3 gHz dual core processor
Andriod 4.0 ICs Ram 512 Rom 2GB Processor 1 Zh 4inch Display Comfortable for Basic Smart Phone User. Looking for Good. Value your Money Con :- Touch Keyboard not able to see letter. Battery life is Poor Charging very Slow
Speaker is not in good condition. Network problems, below average phone. Complaint came after 3 months usage, built in memory is very low. Wont recommend this phone to anyone
once i face problem in karbon A6 bt flipkart help me in it replace d same in so smooth way. nw i m not facing any type of problem from it. happy that i buy it from flipkart
Wrost ever product for the money we pay. Never worked after 2 months. Got it serviced and next 7 days, it stopped working again. Karbonn, if you want to be in India, improve yourselves.
when buy the for the first 3-4 months working fine. after 3-4 months it restarts automatcally. Dont buy this device..
Dont get enticed with the specifications of the phone. It keeps force closing everything withn a month.
1) Internal memory is very less. Just 130 MB. And the system occupies 100-120 MB. 2) The 5 MP primary camera is just for name sake. 3) The result of secondary camera is 10 times better than primary camera. 4) After 8 months, keeps on reminding me about "Low on Space". 5) Sometimes, the wallpaper is shifted upwards and hides the notification bar.
Please do not buy this product... 1. Worst internal memory...cant install any apps.. 2. Worst battery life...have to always keep it charging. 3. Issues regarding network connectivity..also Bluetooth. 4. Better options available within same price range. 5. Can be used only as phone without internet & apps (effectively comes down to JAVA phone with android interface just for look and feel) Purchased it for my office boy who has discarded it within one week. Flipkart delivery and packing was very good... as promised.
I purchased this mobile from local shop. its hanging too much, no Inof Internal mamory for apps., i had sold it in only 1 month wid loss of Rs. 3100/-
First of all thanks to Flipkart for Quick delivery with Quality Packing and than thanks to seller for provide in cheap rate it.
hey guys i jst wanna say dat this is d worst phone i hav ever bought nd i didnt even used it for 6 mnths but wanna sell it now nd this cell donot deserve even a 1star
I suggest you to go for samsung or any other BRANDED and TRUSTWORTHY company... No features as per the money spent,no sensors are there which are needed,,,,,
its good. i am very much satisfied with this mobile. i will like to purchase 1 more.its affordable mobile. with many good feature.
My phone stopped charging a mere 2 months after purchase. Not that it had great battery life before. The Karbonn service centre didn't have spare batteries, and a week later when they did get one, they realized that it was the charging pin within the phone and took another week to obtain that. I could expect this of a phone that's at least a year old but 2 months is unacceptable.
Hi my name is Achutd The following is worst a) Its battery backup ( charger for 1 hour use for 30 min) b) Display takes 45% of battery c) If you use music for 20 min the battery is gone Advantages a) It has a flip cover b) Its screen is big so as per my experience its the worst mobile and worst company ( kaarrbbooon)
No wait.. Not only the phone is worst but even its service is just like hell. Oh damn! what I am saying.. There is no service center at all. No response from toll free no.. After using 1 month the volume keys fell off. And now its picture screen lock get stuck. Local mobile dealer said that Software got corrupted have to reinstal the software.. Damn the worst phone . :/
Android 2.3 runs well on 512mb RAM. Its lightweight than android 4.0 and 4.1. But check for other issues like internal memory, processor speed, connectivity and call quality. Also check for service centers in your area.
awesome phone.if handled with care it is best phone in the world in this world at this price or even under 10000
yaar is price me to kafhi acche mobile fhon mil jate hai.jab se liya tha pareshan tha saale ko 1200 me bech diya.is price me ap log koi other mobile le lena but ise mat lena. iski LCD bahot jaldi kharab hoti hai.THANS YOU.
I'm geeting scared of those reviews, because I purchased this mobile, Itoo faced some problems of low memory and sound issues, and I faced a major problem that is my phone is not working when I put it into charging.. That's y now I've choosen replacement... I don't know what may be the upcoming product quality!!!
over heating after half an hour browsing is the main problem i am facing, for 4799rs they are giving the maximum we cant compare this with Samsung galaxy
Ordered this product for my cousin. Delivery time was quick. Though the product is cheap, and is supposed to be a low end device, Karbonn managed to make this phone as tacky as it can get. Build quality looks good from far. But the capacitive buttons on front panel are badly illuminated. Looks blurred. Display angles are good enough. Camera quality is bad. Very amateurish. Camera UI is copied from apple, General UI from TouchWiz Samsung. Operations is very laggy. Will put off anyone who has used branded middle end or high end devices. Call quality is so-so. Battery lasted a day, but had Mobile Data switched off. Have little experience with devices in this cost range, but put a little extra and get a better one.
i purchased karbon a15 and having worst experience in life for starting 4-5 months mobile runs better but after this it starts hanging, application crash takes more delay in opening contacts/call logs/messages cant switch for WCDMA mode very poor battery backup no other 3.5 mm jack pin is supporting handsfree can't used with another player/phone/pc. i submitted my phone and since one month they didn't repair/replace it. even service center responce is also annoying. for this i compalined to karbonn mobile via email but there also no satisfactory reply and then no any reply after customer response. 18000 series tollfree no. is always saying all lines busy. now i will not buy any karbonn products in my life and stop others to purchse it. hope you will also learn from this
do not buy this product anymore and it is not working properly better buy other product its worst in internal storage and battery bak up is low better opt to iball andi which hav same features and better performance toooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
i would just like to say that this product is not worth . it s costs good but comments everywhere r so bad. i was about to buy this product but now i think its worthless. THANKS 4 UR COMMENTS NOW I WILL DEFINATELY NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
Hi there, I bought two Karbonn A6 mobiles for myself & my wife from Flipkart.com as we both are first android users & though this mobile is good for use in 4800. but mobiles are functioning smoothly But both the phones has one same thing that is defective chargers. I ordered for replacement but local service centers are not replacing chargers just because Flipkart is providing Bangalore Manufacturing product which IMEI is not registered to local Karbonn service centers. I got replacement for one of my whole mobile phone from flipkart only they sent me my replaced mobile from Delhi manufacturer but second one is getting hanged all the time & operating all apps automatically while charging phone & also while not in use. No prob with flipkart they are delivering the best they can to live upto their all promises. I am very much satisfied with flipkart for their honesty & loyalty :). Regards, Chetan
Phone gets HANGED, speaker phone volume is LOW, camera is of POOR quality, speaker quality is DIRTY, once screen goes off during call you cannot see it until call if off, android version is NOT ice cream sandwich, battery is not so great,
I think this phone is good. i have't get it , it is in transist but i think this this will best product of karbnn. i say that belong with its fetures. this type of fetures we can get in 15000 or more than price in other brand
i would like to tel u all that this phone is totally waste of money actually it works on ginger bread and karbonn people are using false marketing to sell there product. touch experience is worst, gaming is not smooth, and usable internal memory is only 30 mb (if u r not installing any app). they are providing many features but 0 quality ..... instead of buying this buy a samsung product with less features but gr8 quality of hardware and software....
I am writing this from my 3 months use of this phone. Its ips display is indeed good and the screen is indeed quite sensitive to touch. Battery life is ok, however the camera is of poor quality. Sound is also not that good. But for net surfing and normal usage its a worth buy at 5000!!.
i bought dis phone frm saholic nd it's the worst fone i ever used pls never buy this phone nd it's software hangs as well camera after camera hang it does'nt open till 6hours there is touch problem as well there is only given a name of flash it's 5 mp camera can't be compared by samsung 1.3 camera my friend has micromax bolt a27 it's camera is best than a6 nd bolta27 has digital camera then also micromax bolt a27 is 20x more better than karbonn a6 don't buy this phone ever
this phone has 1.a bad camera besides being given a 5mp one. 2.a totally useless flashlight(doesnt help even a little) 3.no accesories available 4. doesnt play even 720p videos 5.no sensors. 6.no accesories available in market only good thing is 1.large display 2.front camera(which is also bad besides being given "3mp")
Awesome touche like HTC & SAMSUNG nice look and good support of hardware nice , every thing is working perfectly only thing is that phone is not support 3G other wise it is cheapest & best phone in market Thanks
Am using it for last 1 week. Good phone. stylish looks. ok ok camera. net works at decent speed.This Phone is a Custom ROM'ed & Edited It's Software Via Root Files.It's Not ICS﻿ Ranjit,Its Gingerbread.Its Just a Custom System Edit(So That Its Shows ICS in Every App)
Karbonn A6 is a good budget phone. ICS android version. 5 mp camera, not so good.. internal memory is low, so you have to debug it and shift all your system apps to sd card.. 4 inch screen is a major breakthrough.. doesn't hangs much.. using it for 2-3 days, battery back up is gud.. playing games, surfing all day and etc.. works good on 2g network... all in all is a good budget phone.. and i got it in 5200...
Karbonn a15 has good specifications for the price.only thing missing is that its not a 3G phone which is a must and a basic for any smartphone these days. alternative 3G phones: karbonn a15 or micromax ninja 89 just for 500-800 bucks more
for cam i can give 8/10 in karbonn im using a9+ which is having same camera I want to know is the A-GPS or GPS is available in this mobile model I want to know is the A-GPS or GPS is available in this mobile model I want to know is the A-GPS or GPS is available in this mobile model I want to know is the A-GPS or GPS is available in this mobile model I want to know is the A-GPS or GPS is available in this mobile model I want to know is the A-GPS or GPS is available in this mobile model
