MOBDNPZ48KXUEBFC
People complaining about this being a waste of money. Firstly the price was high at the time of launch. That is the case with every new product. Now it has been priced reasonably. Few reasons the price is higher that Lumia 720: •Full HD (1080p) video recording on Lumia 625 as opposed to HD (720p) on Lumia 720. •PureMotion screen with 60Hz refresh rate (found otherwise only on the 920,925 and 1020). (It does lack ClearBlack display though. And also Glance Screen feature isn't supported.) •Nokia Music subscription is for 6 months with Lumia 625 and 3 months on Lumia 720. •Lumia 625 is 4G ready, Lumia 720 supports only 3.5G at the most. •Lumia 625 has a faster processor (1.2ghz dual-core) than Lumia 720 (1ghz dual-core). This results in smoother overall performance. •Lumia 625 comes with Nokia Amber update pre-installed and BlueTooth 4.0 pre-enabled. •(Most obvious point) the screen on Lumia 625 is larger than that on Lumia 720. And yes, Lumia 625 has FM radio. Some people have wrong info. Yes, the Lumia 720 has better cameras and supports wireless charging, but you need to understand that a product can only provide you so much in the price you pay for it. And no product is perfect. There are always some people who may not like the product. But at least please don't misguide others. So next time, before cursing anything and questioning some company's commitment, please do your research properly. Thanks!
After reading lots of negative comments I haven't changed my mind due to following reason:- 1- 4.7" Display only available in this model 2- Buttery Touch makes it amazing 3- 4G Connectivity for future 4- Build Quality makes royal 5- Full HD Playback and recording 6- PR-Installed Amber update which enables FM and flip to silent 7- Dual Core processor with 512mb Ram which make it fast. Believe me guys I have a Quad core phone with 1gb Ram of Rs. 28K which changes many times but Microsoft policy for application makes it faster. 8- Life time Nokia music store free like iTunes where you will get the latest movie and other songs. In build music player is very well coustomize by Nokia. 9- Battery is like charged 1 time and use for 2-3 days of normal use. 10- Direct update from Microsoft not like waiting for 1 year etc. etc. 11- Appstore is growing faster and most of the apps are available but still need improvement. 12- Price is a matter for us and I got this mobile from flipkart in 15.7K less 10% SCB discount hence actual cost paid by me is Rs. 14K without exchange offers. Cons:- 1- Camera Quality is not up to that mark 2- No rotation lock option available but the problem will be resolved in GDR3 update :)
After using the phone for about 15 days, I am happy with my choice. I had selected 720 and 625, but bought 625 for its 4G compatibility, bigger screen, better processor and full HD recording. Only thing compromised with respect to 720 is camera. Night photography is very bad. In day light photos are pretty good. Played some games & did not experienced any lag. I find windows as very nice and simple software interface, compared to android. Touch is awesome. All necessary apps are available. For apps you can download .xap file into PC, transfer it to SD card via PC, and then install the app on phone. This saves some space on phone memory. Cons:- Camera not so good , 512MB RAM (1 GB could have been better). Pros:- Rest everything is good.
512mb RAM is enough for wp8 because the Operating system is very efficient and smooth. But if you are a heavy gamer go for 1GB windows phones. Otherwise there is not much difference (only tiny difference in speed) between 512MB and 1GB RAM in windows phones.
With lot confusions over the net, Finally I bought LUMIA625..After using the phone I really amazed with its fluid Operation, Best camera clarity (Ignore those stupid imagination of less PPI & all those stuff), All essential applications for daily tasks are available in WP market (Not like a Android's garbage market!!!!!), Good high end games are available Ex: Temple Runner (So kick off those RAM discussions), 128 MB RAM is enough to Run WP8 easily (check over net you will get to know) so, 512 MB RAM is more than enough to run Lumia 625 without lag (till now no lag or Hang), When it comes to battery, If you turned off all location based services running background ex: HERE drive, Zomato, etc., then you will get max "1Day 5Hr" along with max daily tasks, In my case im hardly getting (16~18Hrs), NOKIA HAS DID FANTASTIC JOB IN HARDWARE....But OS has some limitations which can be negotiable after you start using phone ex: Without internet we can't imagine real WP8, Unable to make video call (supported only for Skype etc.,) File manager is useless.... But WHEN IT COMES TO HAND YOU WONT BOTHER ABOUT THESE CONS!!!!!!
i have used galaxy grand for 6 months and now when i compare android with windows platform.... i find windows way ahead using android gives a feeling as if you are using the small video games which we used to play when we were small. i hate the menu display of galaxy phones lumia 625 has good battery display is not bad you can find most of the useful apps on the store nd beleive me its increasing daily the look and feel of this phone is much classy i love it
Nokia has started showing its colours by making this product overly expensive. India is one of the few countries which has welcomed the Lumia phones in an over enthusiastic manner. Instead of being humbled by this, Nokia is trying to squeeze its loyal customers here with joy. I hope this phone makes a flop show in India.
The phone is the best for Rs 15000. The only problem is the RAM which is only 512 MB. Otherwise it is the wonderful phone you ever think of buying with an windows phone. I have using this for nearly three weeks. Still no problem at all.
I got lumia 625 2 months ago. i am happy with the phones performance, but when it comes to social chat like whatsaap,Viber etc some features are not available for windows like mp3 attachment is not available in whatssapp. moreover you can not use office 365 free version .etc..
I am using lumia 625 fro about an year and a half now, and i can tell you this phone is worth buying. Specially with the upgrade to windows 8.1 now its has more enhanced features and more memory to deal with. Go for it
I got this phone for my mom but fell in love with the Window's OS. Much better and faster than Android. The feel of the phone is very sturdy and smooth.
I have received packed Window phone from Flipkart in timely manner. I am happy with Nokia 625 performance, really good product from Nokia Microsoft.
I Bought this phone from Nokia Priority a few days back.actually after getting irritated by my last samsung device...and now i fell in love with my phone..
i dont have it, although i tried it out at a local vendor. the pixel density is fair but the screen did not get me the feel of a 20,000 handset as nokia had priced it earlier. everything else is fine with it but the camera is pathetic. REAL PATHETIC CAMERA . 5 MP. my nokia c6-00 could click better pictures. i was quite satisfied with the os 8. however, its a strict no no no from my side. when other brands are offering similar specs at 7-8 grands, i really dont see the market ambition in nokia for reclaiming back its top spot............................ BELIEVE ME PEOPLE DONT BUY THIS PHONE. I AM STILL WAITING FOR A BETTER NOKIA PHONE. LOOKING FORWARD FOR AN UPGRADE TO MY 2.5 YEARS OLD C6 - 00
I just love this 625. I have been using this for the last 1 month. I have no bad remarks on this phone alone except the few of wp8 like cancelling an application while pressing back button is missing. I just love the size of this phone and especially the speed of browsing. I love 625 running in WP8. After started using WP8, I pay no attention towards Android which I hate anyways. WP8 is built truly for professionals.
let me start by thanking flipkart for sending this masterpiece within 24 hrs from the time of delivery. 1.First look: i was confused if flipkart sent me right product. I can guarantee that any le man looking at this phone for the first time will have a ambiguity in his mind whether its lumia 920 or anything else. 2.Screen: the 4.7 inch majestic corning gorilla screen cant stop you looking at it. Everything you see in it is so soothing to your eyes. 3.display: Something that advocates the huge screen is the display which is 480*800 pixels. Its brightness control and refresh rate of 60hz which is present in higher models of complete the task of not talking out your eyes from the phone. 4.Camera:Its a 5mp primary with LED flash and 0.3 mp secondary cam are usual figures but when it comes with nokia phone the pics come out really cool, thats may be because of nokia magic. the 1080p full HD recording full fills all the needs a above average camera should have. 5.Memory: its a 8GB internal memory and 64GB expandable memory so no issues with storage. 6.Processor: the 1.2 GHz Qualcomm snapdragon s4 dual core processor makes action super smooth with any lags. other features like battery life which is 2000mAh is quite supportive and apps are ample in number. 7.the only thorn of this super catchy mobile is that it has a 512mb RAM. This may move you a step back but i can assure you all the other specifications will make you forget this lack.Nokia has a business stratergy of not giving everything on a single phone so you need not not have a second thought keeping this in mind. On a whole it is gonna satisfy u for sure not only by its internal software but also by its external looks too.So its a dual combo for a buyer.
I bought this phone last week. The delivery was super and the phone was well packed. For one day I used it with Windows 8 OS. I felt Okay okay with it. Next day I read somewhere, that the phone is up gradable to Windows 8.1 OS. Then I updated the phone with 8.1 OS, and I am not telling a lie, the phone has become much more awesome, it feels that its like a super smartphone, with Camera functions, New Action center, Background change etc. People who want reliability and who want a phone to work efficiently, I would suggest this phone. The Battery backup is good and also the phone has no issues like lagging, as in Android. No one can regret buying this product! From my side I give it a 5 stars!
I ve been using this phone almost a year now... Delay for giving review but still.. This phone is better in all the ways. 1.5 game runs as if its 1.5 mb. Switching between apps will make u love it. So smooth and so good.. And its our Nokia.
I been a loyal Nokia user for last 12 years , and with this phone I am never going to by again from Nokia. First problems started to appear after half hour of map usage the phone gets stuck. Now another problem is it restarts automatically. Just imagine when it happens in the middle of a call . Next thing is the call drop off.
I am using windows phone since last 6 months. I am very much satisfied with its feature and accessibility. With 512MB of RAM, it works smoothly, no lags so far. Even I can play high end games like Asphalt 8 without any hassle. Never hanged till the time I bought it. Internet Explorer gives an awesome feeling while surfing. 5MP Camera quality is average which could be a major drawback of this phone. Pixels are clearly visible if you zoom in the camera while taking snap. Call quality is much clearer & better. Battery backup is good. Gives full day coverage with moderate call usage and playing games around 1-1.5 hours or watching full 3 hour movie.
I have used this product for two months and i have sold it for scrap rate. Worst product, Even the active sync (email) wont work in windows phone 8.1. Never seen such a worst Nokia Customer care You will feel like using an outdated mobile phone. Wasted 14K with this :( Shopping exp with flipkart is awesome.
I got this device for 13599 it was good everything is fine but demerits are 1 pairining blue tooth with samsung device is very slower 1kb/1sec 2. i cant send files like songs by blue tooth to other cell 3. u cant read pdf files using adob if dey stored in sd card 4 do direct button to on/off net as android 5. word is difficult to edit and we wont get ppt to prpare 6. its is very heavy and all things are good its fast
Windows 8 is fine with phone ... but win 8.1 lags abit... so its not recommend to buy a phone without quad core for 8.1 or atleat 1Gig of Ram..Over all Phone was good. but i had got Defective Twice... Anyways Thanks to Flipkart !! :)
This is my first windows phone after being an avid Android user for 6 years. I was getting bored of the Android interface and wanted something new. I've been using the phone for 3 weeks now and am quite happy with what I have experenced so far. First Impressions: It is a large phone with a big beautiful display. Feels heavy in your hand, which is a good thing in my books. Back cover is matte plastic but not flimsy. Overall, it feels like a premium phone. Pros: Great battery life. Large display. 4g (doesn't really matter though. not sure how many of us will be able to afford 4g) One of the finest music player i've seen so far. Also comes with an unlimited free music download service. Touch screen is hyper responsive. Good camera quality. Crisp and loud call quality Cons: Speaker volume is very low. If the phone is in another room, there is a good chance you won't hear it ring. Alarms are almost inaudible. Windows 8.1 has certain bugs, although nothing that will majorly hamper user experience. Limited Apps as of now and almost no good games available. The dialer is primitive. No contact suggestion as you type in the phone number. Android and iOS users take these features for granted. Would I recommend this phone? Yes go ahead! It is a beautiful phone but the problem currently lies with windows 8 ecosphere. They still have a lot of catching up to do with Android and iOS.
I bought 625 in Dec. 2013 expecting it to be a great performer from Nokia but the product is not even close to my expectations. Operating system is very cumbersome lot of log ins are required to download anything, A small fall is enough to break the screen .Mine broke twice. You cannot resend a sms you have to copy or forward. There is nothing smart about this . I want to sell this in market but nobody pays even half of it. Truly disappointing.
The phne s very nice and the battery backup is soopprr... If new apps are developed further it ll be more amazing
Very nice . 8.1 update . Powerful than 720 with affordable price Smooth performance . Very nice touch .
Actually im looking for a large screen mobile, for 5'' screen in branded mobiles i selected htc desire for 13k in sangeetha mobiles. After an hour later i went in to shop to buy it. An employee came to me n told dual sim phone wil become slower due to dual active n/w and android wil hang up easilly...even i also thinking abt the OS why not to buy windows....i saw nokia xl but it is bulky n has many lags so i didnt.. At first I got impressed by large screen (in 625) n very smooth touch, n the back is matt finish curvy at edges, sleaky design i loved it....since i use google chrome, drive,keep..i can't sync it..:( but you can hav push mail service, calendar are accessible.. >> I found some of difficulties like..when u hav a appointment in calendar, it wil display in lock screen 1 day before..it can be seen by your friends even th phone is locked...!! >> MOST important is name n photo of caller is not displayed at all. If u got a call form ur office u can't notice it whose no is this?? I FELT VERY BAD in this case >> u DON'T hav headphone profile..normal condition we put sound around 8 out of 10..for the same in ear phone i will burst u !!! >> when ur listening to music on earphone it wil be around 15 out of 30...for the same the u WON'T hear the ringing on road >> The PEOPLE option in it is very handy...i loved it >> HERE MAPS is better than google maps !! >> the APPS in it are not much evolved....!!!?? >> MS Office well usable OVERALL Windows OS is much better than Android...apps r nt much updated...
can any one help me in connection of my phone to desktop via data cable.. what is the procedure for connecting this phone for net surfing on desktop
I got this Mobile last week,first of all happy with flipkart service Not satisfied with the lumia 625 Cons- * Slow processor Takes time to open any apps (Music,videos and contacts) Compare to android market ,windows store is pretty hard to download Apps We have to do several procedures to get access to go online and enable account *Camera quality is not up to the level *Music player is taking time to load and play *512 mb RAM which is really bad,for 10k there is 1GB RAM in nokia lumia..So confused pros-- *Sound quality is superb *Make is good *Video quality is good *Completely diffrent settings which is easy to access *Micro SD expandable *battery backup is pretty good If you wanna buy nokia Lumia please go for 720 or above!!
A nice phone. In all respects, it's a very good phone. Display, Speed, Web browsing, Lot of Nice APPs. Battery also good. Nokia's Trial Lumia is this Model. Trial is great success. Now Microsft has aquired the Nokia. But we need not worry. Microsoft Oy is also a Giant Company. Window will win the world of Cell Phones very soon.
I brought this mobile for my sis on January 16th and its working too good on the starting it was giving some trouble but after a week it got the pickup the photos taken by it are too good but the front camera is not satisfactory it just gives an half screen image and the side wiving angles are not bad, u r not able to connect Ur pen-drives to it and in windows phonne 8 there is no option "file manager" but this will be available in the store........
Fortunately the Nokia Lumia 625 met all my criteria and became one of my most intelligent buys. The huge 4.7 inch IPS LCD screen that my handset features is the first of its kind in the Lumia range. The screen is amazingly sensitive due to its Super Sensitive nature and responds pretty well to all my inputs. Featuring semi-transparent colour-filled shells at the back, my Nokia Lumia 625 is truly a glam device. Being powered by Windows 8, my Nokia Lumia 625 has an easier user interface than android phones and lets me discover all the apps and explore all the personalisation settings with extreme ease. Other than being extremely simplified and functional, my Nokia Lumia 625 is also a complete entertainer.It features some of the most interesting apps like Nokia Music and Nokia Your Movies App. This handset lets me download more than 3000 movies and 90 lakh songs. The best thing is that I can even store numerous songs, games, videos and apps by expanding the inbuilt memory of 8 GB to 64 GB. Last but not the least, the 5 MP camera that is housed in this handset makes it nothing less than a rockstar.The 5 MP camera fitted within Nokia Lumia 625 with LED flash and 4x zoom helps me capture vivid and detailed pictures. There are more than one applications to assist me for smart editing and I need not have to be a pro with complicated editing functions but only simple editing applications in Nokia Lumia 625 does the necessary editing for me. I use digital add-ons like Nokia Smart Camera, Cinemagraph lens, Panorama lens, Bing vision, Nokia Glam Me Lens for accomplishing all the editing tasks. With Nokia Smart Camera I can take a number of shots in a sequence by which I can either select the best shot or just put together all the shots in one frame, enhancing the movement. I can also remove unwanted objects from a picture. With Cinemagraph I can create a movie sort of animations by arranging my pictures and videos together, whereas Nokia Glam Me App is the digital make over app with which I can experiment with my own pictures and do the editing to make myself look better. Overall, its performing excellent than I expected, happy with its internet speed on Wifi and 3G. No hangs, big screen, full Hd videos, 4G ready, and the offline Maps( its an amazing innovation frm Nokia. Maps are working without network, thanx to nokia !!
I am planning to buy a new smartphone....price range 16-18k. Phones under consideration Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 720 Sony Xperia C Sony Xperia L After going through reviews, I was almost sure about buying Lumia 720....but almost all mobile stores are saying it is out of stock and they are focussing on Lumia 625 (may be for pure selling purpose). So I was up for Lumia 625, but came to know about few deficiencies in it (mostly compared to Lumia 720) 1. Display is worse, no clearblack display in Lumia 625 2. PPI is less (around 200) 3. Camera quality is below average 4. Build quality is bad....looks like more plastic 5. Buttons at the below of the phone are not lit-up buttons!!!! Not sure which phone to buy.....was thinking of Sony Xperia C but it has grade 2 processor (MediaTek) Serious suggestions are invited
awesome"When I bought my Lumia 625 as a Christmas gift for myself, I didn’t know that it will be this great! Although after going through its reviews on the web and talking to the sales girl about the features of the device at the Nokia Store made me a bit inclined towards the device, though I only came to know about its perfection when I started using it myself. I am a gadget freak and I have used many Smartphones in my life. But trust me, Lumia 625 is one of the devices which will remain my favourite forever. Not only is it crafted beautifully but the features it incorporates are equally awesome. I am sure that all of you who are using the device will agree with me on this that Lumia 625 is the greatest device of the year 2013! To start with, let me tell you that the phone is a delight to the eyes! The stunning looks of the phone with the 4.7 inches huge super sensitive touch screen, the curvy edges, the semi transparent shells which can be changed whenever I wish to, are some of the best qualities of the device. The Full HD picture quality of the phone simply makes all the images look so much bright and delicate. When I watch movies on my device, I literally do not feel that I am watching them on a mobile phone. Just that the screen size is a bit smaller than a television but apart from it, it performs all the functions which a home theatre would do! Superb sound quality and amazing video quality are some of the amazing features of the device. You must be thinking how to watch movies on the device then let me tell you that I got all my favourite flicks on the phone by simply downloading them from the Your Movies app for free! Yes! I do not need to pay for any download and this way, I have already created a folder containing some of my favourite movies which I watch whenever I am free! The Nokia Smart Cam app has got some stunning picture editing qualities. It lets me edit the images as I like to! I can blur the image backgrounds, add or remove objects from the images and create amazing action shots! These are some of the features which one will find in professional cameras. But this, Nokia has come up with these amazing picture features on its Lumia 625! I have also got benefits of Rs. 16,082 with the device and the buyback guarantee is also amazing. I have also got the Nokia Music Unlimited free for 6 months with the device. It has more than 90 lakh songs and I can listen to them whenever I feel like it! Lumia 625 is an amazing phone and I have literally fallen in love with it. I know that the features it offers are outstanding and although the price is a bit on the higher note, the features absolutely make up for it. "
This is my first smart phone. I find it of very good quality sound quality is excellent both while listening to music and during a phone call. Has good noise cancellation also. Windows is very stable OS. Need to get used to Windows-8 usage, take some time for that.
Hi Friends Changing the rating of this phone after using it for 3 months. Strange but the phone had so many hidden features that i slowly learned. 1. Offline maps (superbly works even without internet) 2. Voice guided navigation 3. Earlier i did not find any way to forward any music, its same button that is used to change the song, i found it only after 3 months of using. 4. Touch screen is superb 5. Excellent battery backup and quick charging. Negative points still remains the same 1. CANNOT INSTALL APPS ON MEMORY CARD 2. NO VIDEO PLAYER FOR MOST OF THE VIDEO FORMATS 3. VERY LITTLE APPS MOST ARE PAID APPS, even ANGRY BIRD is PAID Now changing the final ratings based on this
don't think about low resolution, before i bought this i thought so much abt resolution bt aftr buying i'm satisfied wid the phone very much, speedy,looks great in hand,i bought in white, aftrall a SMARTphone for SMARTuser... smjh to gye naa.... go for it if wanna taste WP8 ....
Bought this under the phone exchange offer before diwali. Wanted to try a windows phone flavored phone. And I must say, I was not dissapointed. When I first ordered this phone, flipkart was surprisingly fast to deliver it to me, I mean hats off to their service. I got the phone on the next day and exchanged it with my older phone. After couple of days use, I realized that something was fishy with the phone, it kept restarting even at slightest workloads, So I applied for a return on the website. The next morning I got a call from one of the flipkart's representative asking about the problem. After I explained the problem, she immediately place the item for a pickup exchange, As this was the first time I had to return an item to flipkart I was astonished as to see how high flipkart holds its customer and believe every word they say. The replacement guy arrived the next day and just verified that the phone is not damaged and gave me the new product. I was a bit nervous this time with my usage. But as the days went by, I became more and more comfortable with this phone. Here is what i feel Pros. 1. Damn long battery life. On a general use I recharge the phone every 2 days, my android hardly last one day. 2. Very nice touch sensitivity, feels like screen can be operated without even touching it. 3. Fluid OS and the GUI, easy configuration 4. Decent Camera, good low light photos. 5. Newer and faster SoC. Cons. 1. Not many apps to compliment the device. 2. Even the free apps on android is paid. 3. Very restrictive development model if you are a developer. But this a bang for buck phone, and with exchange and cash-back it landed at a very affordable cheap price, so for me it was one of the best deals flipkart has offered till date.
The best mobile product I had purchased till date, though there may be dearth of applications available in Nokia Windows Phone. Otherwise it is a really a professional phone with MS Office programme to boot.
Excellent phone with price Round 14K . Phone is costly in Flip kart , So you can look other options to buy . Nokia phones are under estimated . Pros : 1)Very Smooth Touch display . 2)Screen is Crystal Clear , Much better than any android phone selling around 20 K . 3)Music plays excellent . i would suggest to buy additional head set Nokia WH-208 around Rs 600 then it will also do job of ipod . 4)User friendly GUI Interface . 5) No lag with phone though RAM is 512 . Window OS wins here . 6) Long battery life , last longer than day with wifi ON . it will stand 2 days without wifi on. 7)1.2 GZ processor . 8)Strong build and Very Stylish look Cons : 1)May be using many free apps . i don't think it really matters . 2)May 512 RAM , I never found any lags due to this . This phone is best with 14 K price.
Truely, this phone wins the smartphone battle in this segment. Flipkart has pitched it at a perfect price point. Sure, you miss on some essential bits that define a Lumia but what you get in return is the faster and more powerful 1.2GHz snapdragon chip which enhances the overall experience by huge margins. The seamlessness of the UI and the buttery smooth scrolling, panning, zooming in-out just makes the experience as great as a high end smartphone.
The biggest mistake is the apps of 625 compared to the 620. Lumia 620 has Here City lens which is superb and I cannot understand why Nokia has not kept it in 625. All the other 25 series and 20 series other than 520 has city lens. Even the picture quality is average specially when Nokia has been advertising for low light images.
It is a blunder mistake by Nokia for pricing it around 19K. I own this Lumia since the 11 of sept. It has only 512ram, 5MP ordinary cam without CarlZeis Lens, Compass, etc. The city lens app cannot be installed in this without the Compass Sensor. The phone hangs up many times for me with 2 GB of free space in the Phone storage and without the memory card installed. The Lumia Amber is the only feature comes in default with this Lumia which the other Lumia phones has the Lumia Amber update readily available. The Battery has a standby time for a day with the normal usage. You cannot download any file which is
why nokia can't increas ram atleast 1 gb. ? nokia shoulld have to increase ram.. instead of expendable memory.. ram is more importane then expandable memory.. isnt it? 512 mb ram is not enough to load heavy games 1 by 1 without cleaning ram.
