MOBDMDKSFWGFG5MW
Hello folks, I have been using this phone since the last 3 weeks and here are some points I would like to elaborate on. Please use your wisdom whether to go for it or not, after all it's your money, your call. Pros: 1. A quad core processor clocked at 1.2 Ghz. Due to this one, the processing speed and the transitions are smooth. I haven't seen a lag of any sort on the device till now. 2. The GPU serves well and plays demanding games pretty smoothly. Temple Run 2, CSR Racing, 8 Ball Pool, Into The Dead, Bus Simulator 3D, Red Line Rush, Highway Rider and Race of Champions are the games that are currently installed on my phone and all run very smoothly. 3. Battery is 2000 mah, this one serves very very well. It is giving me almost 1.5 days without charging. 4. The display is 4.5 in and is pretty decent and you can hold the phone easily in your hands. I am not much bothered about the viewing angles, anyway, I do not understand why people are bothered about the viewing angles, I mean, who would like to look at his/her phone from an angle. 5. Primary Camera is 5 MP with a LED flash. Picture quality is good, even in low light. Secondary camera is 0.3 MP, serves well using Skype. Cons: 1. The sound output is not good. It is poor and one can easily miss a call or an sms in a crowded place. 2. RAM could have been better. It is just 512 MB, a 1 GB would have been nice. Though the phone does not show any lag because of the RAM. Another thing, most of the people here are complaining about the service and all. I would like to say that it is just a mobile handset like any other, it is not a rocket that it needs some specific part and can be serviced only at the dock. If the service centres are not providing service, there are plenty of local mobile repair shops where even Samsung, Nokia, Sony etc phones can be repaired and that too less expensively and in front of your eyes. Think about it guys. Finally, I would like to say that this is a very good handset at a very reasonable price. Anyway, I do not think any person uses his/her phone for more than one year, specially when technology is changing every day and that too drastically.
Initially i didn't have much interest in buying this product, the only thing i saw usefull was quadcore, But amazingly this mobile is awesome, worth buy.in My personal use these are the pros and cons Pros 1. Low Cost 2. Quad Core Processor, No lag till now, The games i downloaded, i played all without a lag, 3. Battery Backup, U cannot expect a mobile to give battery backup more than this does, comes for 1.5 days with 24hrs GPRS on. 4. Looks and handling is cool. 5. I dropped it twice, still works fine...lol 6. 4.5 inch makes things clear, (For this price, this clarity is awesome, May be u can compare to 13 or 14K priced products.) 7. Camera quality is good, i took some pics in low light, it came well Cons 1. 512 Ram ( For moderate users it is more than enough) 2. camera has some jags. 3. Voice is bit low, Thats ok you can get lots of ringtones with high kbps 4, On charging three days, i found that the charging point plastics coat is removed. U need a cover, also back panel is glossy, may slip without a cover. Over all, cons are miner ones, Now a days we are in a situation to find a mobile with less cons, as far as i know This is a best phone which suits everyone's budget
Even though i didnt buy xolo q600 from Flipkart, i couldnt resist myself from writing a review for xolo in flipkart. PROS: 1. Quad Core (Gaming extreme) 2. 5mp back camera and 0.3 front camera 3. 4.5 led screen 4. Hd video recording and much more.. CONS: 1. Volume is not that good 2.Not a good company product (Lava) But still ... it is one of the best smart phones ever!!!!
PATHETIC CUSTOMER SERVICE - MY PHONE IS WITH THEM AND ITS TWO MONTHS I HAVE NOT GOT IT BACK. TRY CALLING THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE & YOU WILL KNOW. They don't have enough service centers and they have promised me more than 15 times that they will find out where my phone is & no respond yet. Buy a branded phone instead. You will at least use it. I bought a XOLO phone 4 months back out of which 2 months its been in service center and i have been calling them multiple times & all i here is technical difficulties or system down. The wait time is even pathetic. I have been placed on hold for around 20 minutes for a supervisor & then have been hung u on.
I'm completely impressed with Xolo. A few of my friends use Xolo, and I was completely blown away by the features it gave at such a reasonable price. I ordered the Q600, and have been using it for about a week and I love it. Firstly, it looks superb, no doubt about that. It runs without any lags, super smooth and super fast, as the Quad core processor does its thing. The camera also takes pretty decent pictures. Overall, I'm very happy with Q600. Xolo really is making some great phones, will surely be one of the top mobile brands soon.
This is my experience of my xolo q600. Got the phone on 7th november, initial thoughts, the phone looks great .The build quality of the phone is very good,pleasing for the eye.boots up real quick,the display is good considering the price, pixel dencity and clarity of the screen is good,the screen is really bright. The phone comes with a screen guard applied+ another one inside the box,flip case for 200 from ebay and every thing good to go. Display:- Now coming to the user experience, the main problem than every one points out regarding the phone is bad viewing angle.i had my doubts regarding this also, but using the phone i didn't have any problem the viewing angle is ok( look at the price you are paying,people compare it with expensive phones)(only when looking from the top the blackening happens,why would u look from the top)so, viewing angle is ok. PROS:- Video playback:- plays 720p by default and 1080p in sw mode in mx player, and watching videos is very good experience( sw mode consumes more battery in my experience). The phone gives 2.5 hours of video playback with medium brightness+headphone and hw mode for 25% battery consumption never expected this with such big screen. Gaming:- really good phone for gaming, games played without any problem are modern combat 4, nfs most wanted, thor,asphalt 8 virtual tennis, shadowgun and nova 3. The gpu is really good.it is good to hold while gaming. Gprs, Wifi,gps like any mobile the phone looses more power when using gprs.but that is common with all android phones , the signal strength os good, wifi & browsing experience is really good. gps works really good Battery:- battery life is really good for the phone i gave me easily 1 day with heavy usage, i watched 6.5 hours continuously with low brightness(even that is enough)and head set and the battery drained by 50%. Sd card default :-games run from external sd card so, if you have a 16gb card then you could place the games files on the card and play, this i found the best thing about the phone every thing can be write to sd card by default in storage settings.i copied my songs to the 2 gb internal memory, and filled the sd card with games(the games are massive 1.5gb to 2 gb are the sizes) CONS:- The only problem i faced is that the phone has low volume both in speaker and headset output( the headset given is worthless,i used eqaliser music player+ sennheiser earphones for best experience).I used volume + apk to increase the sound output + amplified the ringtone with pc. so, now the sound is ok When charging make sure that you charge for 3 hours when the battery reaches 15% cappacity. The phone is a steal for the prise, i got it for inr7600, really worth the money. over all i would recommend this to my friends. ( i gave 4 stars because the service by flipkart was not up to the mark they took 8 days to deliver the phone,but it was worth the wait)
I am confused also with phone when I watch first time. I didn't buy it since I found many people have same issue. This is not too popular brand (like samsung, nokia) so you have many trouble. If device fail on first day you will never got help. Flipkart have good policy but after sale the support that XOLO will made worst ever. If you want to check see the customer care before configuration.
After having used phones from most top brands out there and never being completely satisfied with any, I thought I'd give Xolo a try. I wasn't expecting too much from the phone, but I was pleasantly blown away. For a phone just for 9k, this phone has amazing specs and looks and feels great. The Quad core processor makes its presence felt by making the phone run so smoothly. I would definitely recommend this phone to those with a 5k budget. You won't be disappointed.
Got it last Sunday, I'm in love with this phone. Killer specs at an amazing price. Quad core + Jelly Bean + 5MP camera! All in 9k. A great deal. Has been running pretty good and has good battery back-up. I would definitely recommend.
HELLO GUYS,I HAD A XOLO X900 PHONE,THE WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER USED.AFTER 7 MONTHS OF USE IT WAS NOT CONNECTIN TO THE NETWORK.I CALLED UP XOLO CARE AND LODGED A COMPLAINT ON 28 MAY 13.THOSE GUYS SAID ME TO DROP THE HANDSET AT THEIR PICKUP POINT IN HYDERABAD.AFTER A WEEK THEY CALLED ME N SAID MY PHONE CAN'T BE REPAIRED SO THETY WILL GIMME REFUND OR REPLACEMENT FOR THE PHONE.THEY WERE REFUNDING ONLY 7000 RS. FOR THE PHONE I PURCHASED FOR 22000 RS.SO I DECIDED TO GO FOR REPLACEMENT.THEY PROMISED TO GIMME A XOLO Q800 FOR MY X900.ALREADY 3 MONTHS HAVE BEEN PASSED BUT STILL I M WITHOUT PHONE.SO DON YOU GUYS EVER BUY XOLO PHONES.................
I have not bought it from flipkart, still i am writing a review on the xolo Q600. I had lost my phone, so I was roaming through a mobile showroom when this handset caught my notice.I explored it and being satisfied, bought it. Pros: 5 MP rear camera with LED flash - good pic quality 1.2 GHZ Quad core processor-can't believe it at this price HD Videos run very well 2G and 3G support Proximity Sensor Light Ambience sensor Accelerometer Anti theft app-XOLO secure Smooth running apps- No lags Capacitive Touchscreen Swype Keyboard Cons: Back Cover makes the speaker tight and so it's not so good.You can even miss a call or two. Headphones are also unsatisfactory. Data Cable provided with the box not running. 512 mb Ram only!!!(but at this price its ok and the phone does not hang, thnx to the quadcore processor) Allover, the phone is really awesome and you are in the right place for getting a phone for gaming. All the apps like Temple Run 2, subway surfers, asphalt 8:airborne, NOVA 3,NFS Most Wanted, Gta San andreas, etc. run seamlessly.If you want to buy a good phone at a low price, then go for it.
1. XOLO Q600 mobile touch screen is nice. Internet also speedily use 2. Battery is 2000 mah, this one serves very very well. It is giving me almost 1.5 days without charging. 3. The display is 4.5 in and is pretty decent and you can hold the phone easily in your hands.
Firstly, it looks superb, no doubt about that. It runs without any lags, super smooth and super fast, as the Quad core processor does its thing. The camera also takes pretty decent pictures. Overall, I'm very happy with Q600. Xolo really is making some great phones, will surely be one of the top mobile brands soon.
Cons: Sound = No to speaker, cannot even hear the ringtone. Performance: Lags a lot Touch problem. Bad earphones. Only Good thing is camera and screensize.
I had bought this phone 1 year ago.At the same exact date this phone is not working ,it stuck,i was watching video,suddenly it got stuck,its been hanged,so i thought i should have to remove its battery and again fix it,i had done the same,what i found the phone is not opening'''''its su'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''ks.xolo care is not responding me well. Now i have to buy another mobile . For ma satisfaction...
I bought this phone from ezone(independence day sale). Price 5750 INR and Sony 8 gb memory cards free with this product. Phone is heavy weight. looking like samsung grand. screen not looking like 4.5''. It screen may be 4.3''. quad core processor and graphics working awesome. ram is also not so bad. Camera is very impressive. It's really 5 mega pixel camera. HDR shot is awesome. Vodeo quality also very nice. face detection, auto focus, smile detection, panoroma shots, magic shots everything is available. flash can capture you in full dark and picture awesome in day and night. You can also capture video in night(full dark). flashlight also available for video. battery back up should be more improve. It says 2000 mah but back up like a 1500 mah battery. if you continue surf and playing games then it last only 6-7 hours. Sound quality is very poor. Not impressive. android version 4.2.2 and not upgradeable. swipe keyboard is useless thing. terrible. voice search is well. face unlock not available. voice unlock available. screen resolution is good. 229 ppi. minimize option available. hold the middle key long time and you can see your minimize file but it's not mention any where. Mistakenly discover it by me. games run very smoothly. I have been download temple run 2 and subway. both run very smoothly. not hanging any time. really quad core experience. only andorid browser pre installed and no games pre installed. no important apps. you need to update many apps which is pre installed. so be ready for it. I am satisfied with this phone. thanks xolo.
Well, the phone has a light plastic body which makes it feel flimsy more or less. The hardware that has been used is not industry level quality for its price. The speaker does not give even an average sound, and the earphones provided with it aren't close to satisfactory level. Although the equalizer provided is a bonus, it doesn't not really help much in overall output on earphones. The sound in the car stereo is good as the output is better in a larger stereo sound. Despite the LED display, the screen looks shallow. The software itself has minor glitches as the quad core processor provided does not get satisfactory RAM required to support it. The Battery is comparatively decent to run the quad for about 20HRS with average usage. The lock screen hangs sometimes and also it becomes difficult to sustain multiple applications. The cache has to be refreshed every now and then to avoid hangups. The anti-theft app and power management are beneficial. Also the security feature which clicks a picture if the access code is entered wrong more than 5 times, and a mail with a picture from the front camera is delivered in the id registered. The Primary camera, although 5MP isn't really good, as the quality has been compromised. The sensors aren't that great and a micro shot is extremely bad. A macro picture is relatively clear but then again, not worthy of a 5MP quality. At all. The flashlight is okay but heats up extremely if used more than a minute. The lock button is also very weak, and the sensors on the front which are backlit also lag from time to time. SD card will make even more glitches and lags come alive. The swype keyboard is a lovely feature and should be used more. Helpful for driving. Overall, it's an average smartphone with some boasted tech specifications which are not complimented by the hardware quality, therefore i would rate a maximum of 4/10.
I had been using this phone for 5 month..my review Pros... 1. Quad core processor...No lag at all but it will lag if install bunch of apps 2. Camera 5mp the quality was average but not up to the mark when comparing other branded products 3. Good for gaming and internet use no issues 4. Battery backup is great..for standard usage the battery lasts for 3days. cons 1. Sound quality through speaker was really bad and very low we can easily miss calls when we are outside..Not only this model every xolo product speaker was poor...really they need to work on it... 2. Now its time for 1gb ram and kitkat os.. so go for 1gb ram products at this price.
I have been using this product for the last six months. This product has worked awesome for me. Despite of being a cheap phone,the touch quality is great. Can play many games on it and they work fine. Problem with this phone is that after few days of use the phone starts hanging....but that is problem with many high end phones (like samsung grand quattro,xperia phone worth 22k) too...so thats not a problem...it can be dealt by restarting the phone... Image quality is not as bright as phone like samsung grand quattro but what do u expect from a phone worth 7k... :p Sound is a bit low...that may be a problem... :o On the whole a good phone and might be better than some high end phone in performance...... so buy it and enjoy......
i am using XOLO Q600 since 5 months and found it good, some points i would like to tell you are:- 1. DISPLAY - it is smooth working fine and has good touch response 2. PERFORMANCE - good as it contains quad core processor and nicely works when multitasking 3.GAMING - working great as i have played vice city, sanandreas , fifa , nfs most wanted , prince of persia , nfs swift and many more. 4.GRAPHICS - it allows to play HD vedios but they are not that much clear as they really are 5.CONNECTIVITY - wap conectivity is fine but works great in WIFI connection
working fine sharp screen,all facilities like moto g ( i have it ) some glitches i observed due to antivirus i think ,good update facilities and overall better than micromax at this budget
I am writing this review after using it for around 15 days. I didn't buy from flipcart. This phone is simply awesome. Better than SONY and NOKIA interms of battery and features. Battery is awesome. You can use it for 1.5-2 days without charging. No lagging at all because of QUAD processor. Any number of apps can be installed. You can install in external memory also. Camera quality is good. Touch is also good. Swype keyboard is one more advantage. Earphone is simply awesome. Front camera is also good. Finally you can't ignore this phone. Buy it!! Seriously!!
amzing performance by xolo q600 . this is one of the wonderful products that i have ever used . 5120mb ran wuth quad core processsor gives amazing speed as well as comfortness enthusiastic , bomblastic no words to say on it ........................................ its really amazing
I have used this product long enough to tell you that it is the best in its kind... And as a bonus you get the 24x7 support of Flipkart, the best Online marketing site to trust. The are no drawbacks as far as the price is concerned, and the UI is fantastic.. It works very smoothly and playing games on it is a wonderful experience..
I got this as a secondary phone. Please avoid buying this or for that matter any Indian brand. My Review after using 2 months: Coming straight to cons: 1. Don't get fooled by quad-core processor, its performs terribly awful with 512 MB RAM 2. Phone hangs miserably 20 times a day with only 8-10 aps installed 3. Cant run Chrome browser it lags like anything same with stock browser. 4. Very low internal memory 5. Looks are at best 'CHeapo' Pros: 1. It can dial a call and receive, Thats it. My suggestion is don't buy Indian phones just cos they beat you in specs, get a lower end dual core phone of a recognized brand if you are tight on budget.
Its very good phone with good gpu and processor except ram and it ha s good software which xolo q800 doesnt and its innovative and i give it 5 stars
I have purchased xolo q800 handset , i m satisfied with performance but xolo service is third class , when i gave mobile in service, i got back my handset after 50days, and as in my handset only minor problem.
Apart from the Features of quad core,512 Mb Ram etc..etc... which the other people have already talked about in the other comments. I have been using the phone for the past 4 months..and have repented since the second week :| :| 1.The phone will HANG! a LOT!! 2.The keypad will HANG 3.The CAMERA starts very slowly 4.Battery discharges very fast. 5.During receiving of calls,the Phone Hangs... and have experienced automatic shutdown in the phone too... Simply DON'T Buy this PHONE.
Have been using this phone for a month. Bought it in mid october. Initially did not have issues. But off late problems are many. Crashes often. Though quad core processor crashes when try to play games such as subway surfer, rail rush. This is happening frequently. I have to restart the phone to get rid of this issue. During such times there is delay in loading apps such as whatsapp or even address book. Not sure what's wrong here.
i am using this mobile for three months.. mobile build and display are awesome.. but i faced the following issues on this mobile. 1). every two days RAM will fully occupied and showing 0%.. even though used some apps to kill the apps which running background... 2). Dual standby is not working second sim calls are getting message as switch off or not reachable.. if you have any solution please let me know..
In less cost good features...,you can go to xolo A500s series also...,mob looks good and operates good...,but after disconnecting wifi the datanetwork defaultly going to sim1 instead of our choosed sim(sim2). other than that everything is good....,i will recommed this product.
Anyone who is even remotely thinking of buying a xolo mobile should stay away. My close friend bought a Xolo about 2.5 months back. The charging pin is very delicate and got damaged with normal usage within 15 days. This is when his harrowing experience started. The service centre refused to accept it as a manufacturing defect and told it was physical damage. Inspite of him agreeing to bear the repair expenses they have taken more than 2 months to replace this part. He had to call them on a daily basis to check the status and then had to make 3 trips to the service centre. Finally they informed him his phone was ready, I happened to accompany him to collect the phone and we had to wait for 2 hours as the service personnel were lost and not sure whether the phone had been repaired. The cost may look attractive but the service is pathetic. They charged Rs 450 for the repairs and did not provide a proper bill also. Best is to stay away from Xolo.
Having a Gud Experience so far, only 2 con that's its secondary is not upto mark and low RAM. It should have been 1GB
cumon guys...itz a 1.2 ghz smart phone...wid a quadcore proccessor...shit to samsung....it cnt giv that much even in below 15k devices
WORST EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD. I BOUGHT XOLO A500 IN THE MONTH OF FEB, THE PHONE DIED IN APRIL, I ASKED FOR REPLACEMENT, IT WAS REPAIRED AND GIVEN BACK TO ME AFTER A MONTH. AFTER THAT THE PHONE BECAME SLOW. IT HANGS AND I HAVE TO REMOVE THE BATTERY THEN POWER IT AGAIN. I AM NOT USING THE PHONE ANYMORE. I BOUGHT ANOTHER PHONE FROM ANOTHER MAKE WHICH IS WORKING GOOD.
please do not buy this phone as its battery is worst and does not run even for one full day.The speed of the phone is very slow as it causes problems while going from an app to the home page but the picture quality is good and causes no problems.i am not satisfied with this model it would be better to go for some other model.
the mobile is just fine everything runs smoothly the problem starts were when the lots of apps are installed the main problem on this mobile is that battery kill in 15 minutes like hell suppose u are using this mobile 100% battery is there it will be used in 2g running 50% in just 20 mints & 3g running 10 mints it will be just 38% developer did everything but battery kills fast that not fare ...............................
Very bad Products, Initially Looks like good features but as you use it started malfunctioning within few days. There services are pathetic. Can't even provide the correct information. If you taken your mobile to service center, think as it is never going to come as in good condition. I will give zero rating for this company's products.
i bought this phone from flipkart.com... and as usual i got this within 48 hours thanks to flipkarts for its speedy delivery system. this phone is working good from last 14 dys . all things features are up to the mark........u cannot expect more tahn this from a phone which is priced less than 10000 bucks. pros touch good system backup features good frequency catchung poer more than any -phone i hv seen catches internet any where where other phones acnnot.......i compared picture quality good highdefinition pics and videos support camera and falsh is good head phone is satisfactory supports all high definitin games. cons phone volume is quite low battery backup is not that much good
I got this phone recently and I am more than satisfied... Good camera, Amazing looks, Nice video recorder and good touch.. It can play any game you want... It does'nt hang even if you have many apps and games like temple run Oz in background and playing others... You can install apps in sd card as well... So Don't hesitate... JUST GO FOR IT
Xolo q600 is really very good phone , good battery,nice display and specially powerVR 544 makes gaming smooth and fluent. .moreover quad core never makes it hang. if RAM would have been greater than 512mb,then it would be best smartphone under 8k. Build quality is better than samsung and has premium look.If you are thinking to buy it then just go for it ,you will never regret .
It's the best you can get for under 7k. Buying a dual core for more than 7k is not beneficial. Actually i got it for Rs.6700 in Delhi. Sellers on flipkart are selling for a bit high.Better than Canvas Fun or any phone under 7k.
Pros 1) Look and feel is cool and too good to use. Really impressed with its UI. 2) Mobile is easy enough to hold even with 4.5 LED screen. 3) Good spec in this price segment with Quad core processor. 4) Overall a good product to buy, recommended. Cons 1) Sound clarity is good in earphone, but not so good when you hear in speaker. 2) Felt a little bit of heat while using internet for the first time, but didn't face it later on. 3) Accessories are not available in retail shops easily especially pouch and screen guard. Apart from the above cons, this product is really worth for the money.
Excellent phone !!! Didn't expect to have such a look but looks really smart !!! Its having a costly phone look the silver lining around the phone is good !! And the phone is quite fast even feels faster than xolo q800 (i'm currently using) !!!
