MOBDH36BBHUDY2WB
As an owner of an S2 and Iphone, I was looking out for a good dual Sim phone to help me out with the problem of carrying two phones at the same time. Panasonic P51 came to my solution.Based on my review, it is one of the best dual sim android phone till date. Pros: 1. Excellent build quality and premium finish. I ordered a white one and I must say it was a beauty to hold and flaunt your style. Most Samsung smartphones nowadays look almost similar and has lost the "Premium Style" feel. P51 stands out from the crowd. 2. Excellent display. 5" screen was just perfect to hold and talk too. Display was crisp and sharp. 3. Processor was fast and responsive without any lags 4. Dual Sim Management features are very good 5. Excellent battery life 6. PURE GOOGLE EXPERIENCE which is something I like the most from this phone. While there are some small changes, this phone will give you an experience similar to a Nexus. Cons: 1. Lack of adequate internal storage (which can be overcome by purchasing a memory card) 2. Power button is on the top (IPhone's button is also on the top too) Overall, I am very happy and satisfied with my purchase, this being my first Dual Sim phone. Flipkart has always been outstanding and they delivered the product a week before the expected date of delivery. Neatly packed and promptly delivered.
Hi everyone, I have been using this phone for last one month. Pros. 1. Good Display 2. Good processor 3.Nice camera and camera application Cons: 1. Price is too much high... That's what i want to tell you...
Hi, Its been two days i have been using this handset.. use a lot of Panasonic products and never had a complain with any.. the phone is good, got it for 19 K from brand shop. best part of the phone for me is that you get what you expect from this product.. strong build and good performance. The display is just amazing... the touch interface is very responsive and fun to use. its the closest you can get to a pure android experience .. I can't speak for Panasonic or anyone who is marketing this product.. but will speak for myself.. no regret on buying this.. its the best you can get in this price range and capability. want a better phone.. then go for it with a better price in mind. For 18-20 K.. this is the best you can get without the gimmicks. Pros : Display / Build quality / Sound / weight and thickness / User experience Cons : Limited storage -but get a 32GB microsd , As its the only model released - there is a lot of speculations in the market - but this is a genuine feedback - take it or leave it. I had a budget of 20 k for a dual sim smart phone - the choices where - micromax canvas 4 / nokia 725 / lenovo P780 - all in the same range. The reason is choose P51 from these choices are 1. Wanted a android experience - a pure unaltered one 2. Did not want a all plastic experience - likes of samsung 3. Wanted a product made based on standards - note this device is "CE" (CE1588) 4. Has a decent battery life. 5. Go for a brand that has made electronics product for a while now So here is it.. my two cents.
Panasonic P51 is an excellent phone, using it almost for a month , very compact , good built quality , excellent display & performance , battery life is also good.Go for it , unlikely to get disappointed
I am one of those old time romantic Panasonic brand lovers - BUT this product has failed me miserably! 1. The battery is worthless even with less brightness etc it eats! Having used Nokia earlier this is just plain waste. 2. Touch is not good in the edges. 3. The display goes off (fone works) and then comes back again after couple of days. 4. No Panasonic Service Centers - only outsources agents whose reviews are pathetic. Stay far away! PS: Possible that the piece sent to me was crap! Word to Flipkart: Pls do not sell such crappy products. Paying 15k and getting a useless stuff is very demoralizing.
Hey there has been an immense competition when it comes to the smart phones.. let me reiterate that pricing is a major issue and when it comes to the features there is no end as they keep on increasing day by day. If a person is looking for a smart phone that too a branded one Panasonic P51 would be the right match. The kind of features it boasts of like camera etc are true to its nature. It has an amazing battery life while compared to many other smart phones of this price band. Pros i must say that it is very well designed and finish is very up market, Good battery life, and very prompt response added to all these the smart magnetic cover ( may also be sometimes disadvantage is the phone may slip off from the magnetic cover). No lag in the phone operations When it comes to cons... minuscule memory which comes on board is hardly sufficient and you need to have an external memory from the day one Android version upgrade never happens while compared to many other phones hence we really do not know the behavior after the upgrade.. You don't get any accessories online as the numbers are not very high. Lastly the stylus which was provided tend to get lost as there is no option or slot in the phone to store the same hence it is almost useless It is a very good buy at this price range and it is branded and has all the qualities to flaunt and it never looks like a cheap smart phone... worth buying it
I had purchased this phone around a month ago and after using it for one month I am writing this review. The phone delivers what it promises. Touch screen is very smooth and no lag is visible with 1 GB ram and quad core processor. Display is visible without strain in sunlight. Though I am a medium user without any gaming and normal browsing, the battery easily lasts more than one day even up to two days. My friend having Grand has to charge his mobile daily or even twice a day. Build quality is very good, sleek, good camera, very good signal reception and a non plastic look. I have switched from Galaxy young duos and seriously miss a kies like management software for P51. The Panasonic website should provide manual and support software. I am a genuine user and I am really enjoying this phone. So go for it if you trust the Panasonic quality, 5 stars from my side.
It is a flagship device from Panasonic. Sound quality is very good. I don't game too much . I browse a lot.Display is very good. It is really very nice experience. Price is little bit high for this specification. Battery life is good. I expect more premium devices from Panasonic in future with competitive price
it is one of the poor quality product from panasonic. i didn't except this poor quality product it has hanging automatically then you need to restart again. i have used less than a month period , it got hanged and now phone is dead. service repair time is more than a month period. Very very poor response from service team. i will not suggest this phone for to any one. it is cheaper then other brands but not at all worth for money.
Got this phone from a local store 3 days ago....Got it for 20K from a friend's store After using it,here are my observations.. Firstly pro's 1.Android v4.2 Jellybean. 2.5 Inch IPS display. 3.1.3 MP front camera. 4. Battery 2500mah. 5. Video recording is really good. Con's: 1.Camera is ok type...dont expect miracles. 2.Heating problem. 3.Touch is not that great 4. Not valuable for money At this price, buying this really a mess....Please go for Sony XPERIA SP or Nexus 4. Luckily i got a blacksheep to sell this mobile from my friend's shop...I will now purchase XPERIA SP for Great music & gaming experience
you may work for panasonic but you play with the indian people blood and money. there is no perfect phone for which you can give five stars. please rate with sense.
A very very good option for those who want a high end dual-sim phone. I don't know why people are uselessly mentioning anything wrong about this phone. It is a very decent buy at this price. POSITIVES - 1. Very Light weight. 2 Magnetic flip cover is a novel and good concept. 3. Extremely good performing BATTERY. With decent use battery use life is certainly best for any phone.(atleast 2 days even with 3G usage.) 4. Very good screen and brightness. 5. Preloaded apps are great. NEGATIVES- 1. A bit high price. 2. Low internal memory(4 GB)
Hi friends...i had purchased Panasonic p11unluckily it was dropped by my hand & touchpad was crack & not working.I had approached the service station for repairing of touch screen per them i have to purchase complete set of display of about 6000rs, which is realy not fair & not justified as the new price of mobile is @10,500.I had also approched central service center on mobile.support@in.panasonic.com for helping on this matter,nut they had denied to do so & told that "we would like to inform you that the part price (service charges and service details) can get only by service centers." So pls dont purchase any panasonic smart phones there is no spares available in market & servicing done on more than half the rate of new device. So situation of mine is to throw the phone so pls rethink if you r planning to by a new smart phone of Panasonic
As someone pointed already I got into trap of this hyped product. Of course the screen size, quality of display, sound ...etc every thing looks good, when the product works. I bought this product 2 months back. It will dead all of sudden, though it has enough battery say 70%. In last one month It hanged 3-4 times and decided to contact seller. He cooly washed his hands as it crossed 2 months of purchase. Also few more drawbacks. Like you have to keep your cover open while charging as the charging point located on the left side of the phone. It comes with magnetic stirs with front over. Other than that you won't get much accessories in the market as other smart phones get. Now I have to look out for their service center and I guess nothing located in south Bangalore. If you are living in Bangalore, you might know how painful to go to other part of Bangalore for this service center. Imagine, if you don't have service center at your home town. You have to spend more money to reach them. I would suggest you to go with other brands than this as it is not value for money product.
Its a great mobile, I am quite happy its performance and appearance. Only problem is I am not getting the accessories for this like Flip cover, Case, Screen guard etc outside.
After the initial excitement It hanged, stopped and finally stopped booting on after 2 months of purchase. The experience then: - The mail id given at official website (rudra.pattnaik@jainaindia.com) for service center bounces. - The only mobile number (8800120505) of service center says swithched off - Helpline number does not appear to be aware of a customer problem and could give me wrong numbers. - Numbers given (Salvia Comm-011-64591459/8587096002) & Aim Comm (8800828810) are not picked or working - No such store could be located at Kotla Mubarakpur (New Delhi) - No service center near Connaught Place - No response for the mail sent to Mobile support mail id INITIAL FEEDBACK In the Samsung dominated android market this is odd one out. At a price of 16k this clearly has lots of good features to attract the glimpse. What I liked: - 8.5 mm slim handset is a charm - Nice look and Edges What I felt as Okay: - Battery Life - Fixed battery (cant take it out) What I did not like: - Magnetic cover gathers dust and replacement not available anywhere
Hello, I am using this phone for a 10 days. It's amazing phone with all features. Its work with zero lag with all appllication i have installed. screen is very clear with high resolution. sound using earphone give a home theatre sound. battery also work for a whole day with full use as internate , music and all day my official and personal call. It is phone with full features. you have to do find best price at various online site.
I have been using this phone for 6 months now. Great battery back up, no heating up while using net/3g, HD video, bright screen with 294ppi pixel density, wi fi direct, HSDPA @ 42 Mbps and also HSUPA, stable GPS, DLNA player, FM radio with recording feature. All features perfect. Users who are complaining of slow net , please change your mobile network settings to WCDMA or Auto mode ( it should not be GSM only ).
I am an normal user without the touch of anriod phones. Happen to see this mobile in reliance , and found to be good, steady. But after going through the reviews i am in double mind to buy the same. I found it much faster, screen much clear and photos quality much better than Samsung Grand. i compared the phones on the site and tested. The reviews by Amit P founds to be fishy. He has rated Samsung Grand 5 star and all other products 1 Star which is total unfair.
Got with in 5 days in good condition after order. PROS: 1. Light weight than other same configuration mobiles. 2. Better battery back up after 10 hours net usage also still 10% left. 3. Good touch screen.4. Good Grip. Good UI.5. wifi is good. CONS: 1. Battery cannot be removed. 2. Flip cover not that much useful 3.InterNet connectivity is slow.4. Less Memory(only 4 GB).5. Camera is not good when compared to M.M Canvas 4...6. Video player is not good 5. Low speaker sound. 7. stylus is not necessary. It is better to purchase M.M.Canvas 4 if you are comparing among Panasonic P51 and Canvas 4
I have purchased Panasonic P51 during Diwali . The design is good . Battery life amazing. Seeing movie clips in HD screen comparatively same as in LED HD TV. Display very perfect. This smart phone is users pride. Why because - everybody holding the same old designs of samsung , sony etc . Among the crowd mine is shining separately and reflects individuality. Downloading even big apps takes very little time. Over all it is very friendly. Thanks for the product. Only thing if it gets advt a lot of people will purchase. T S Kumar
Pros- 1.Dynamic looks. 2.Unique flip cover (magnetic). 3.Light weighted. 4.Good looking stylus pen. 5.Different from other phones. Cons- 1.Processor couldn't be any worse. 2.Overheating of the Phone whilst playing. Overall if you buy this product for 20000, you're gold,
I have just recently bought this phone and it just the right deal that i have got for 19k...its much better than samsung devices in this range and specs......a must recommended phone to buy for those who cannot spend more than 20k.........
Whatever... I simply love my P51! Believe me, it's a fantastic phone if your budget is around 19,000. So happy to have made the right choice (I chose P51 over Canvas 4). Hoping to see more exciting smartphones from Panasonic in the future because I intend to get a new and better phone after 15-16 months. C'mon Panasonic! :D PS : Canvas 4 isn't a bad phone. It's just that I found P51 better :)
I purchased this phone last month online and i must say this is very good phone as it is serving my purpose to full. It was amazing Touch screen. 4.2 jelly bean os makes it possible for me to play all the games like Temple run , Angry Birds Easily on it . Camera Clarity is also very good. Sound is also very Crisp. So all in all it is best DUAL SIM phone available in Market right now.
This Phone is very good , i bought this phone Yesterday and i'm very happy with its performance now. Camera quality is amazing . Sound Quality is also Crisp . Bass is also Good. 4.2 Android makes it latest Dual sim phone in market
I bought this phone from panasonic recently and i found this product very nice and Effecient. It has all the features of today's market Trend ,android 4.2 OS is there , 1 GB RAM , 32 GB External , Sound quality is awesome. 8 MP Camera makes this phone a must BUY!!!!!!!!!
Panasonic p51 is very Competitive Dual SIM phone in its category. I purchased this one on seeing an advertisemento my surprise i was amazed to see its excellent features and functionalities. 4.2 Android version makes it very upto date in mkt. 8 MP camera clicked pictures are better than any other DSLR Camera in market. It has Much powerfull Processor. Sound quality is just awesome !!!!!!! MUST BUY PHONE !!!!!!!!!
Lovely phone, awesome build, but I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw this has just 4 GB internal memory. For a company like Panasonic to come up with such a device after such a long time.
The best display size and best in class resolution of this phone and all other amazing features make this a good choice in smart phones family . i like it.
Out of all the phones I canvassed on the market today, Panasonic P51 is good. The quad core processor and Jelly Bean 4.2 operating system will sure be on my lists. A phone with a powerful processor is what I have been waiting for! With this I can play the latest gaming applications available. This is definitely exciting!
Panasonic has marked its good presence with P51. Awesome build quality,display,design & processing speed with every features that other competitors offer at a higher price, design looks more like NEXUS4. Good Camera quality and above all its certified product. Go for it Guys!
My requirement was Dual Sim Phone,so i tried many mobile phones ended up with bitter experience,luckily phones were returned :) and i checked flipkart website and bought Panasonic P51 and somewhat it satisfy my expectations, regarding build quality, camera and accessories.
I wanted to migrate from windows to Android and I believed that Panasonic P51 is the best phone for me another thing I like is the powerful battery. I bought it and I am very pleased with it. Good smartphone!
I currently use LG L9 mobile- which is an excellent one- with long battery, large screen, smooth and perfect performance and touch, but with single sim and not so good build quality. I previously used Samsung S duos- which is a worst disturbing one- with nothing satisfactory in its performance, but has dual sim and good build quality. Now this mobile by Panasonic must be a super excellent mobile with super quality, premium performance and build and also dual sim and big battery backup. Now I wish if I had this mobile.
I am using this phone from last 1 week.. even i got it cheaper from other online store now come to the point.. its has best display,,, even better than samsung galaxy s 3 (i use my friend s3) ... more than sufficient power to handle task becoz im not going to play games (specially paid) it easily play temple 2,angry bird,asphalt 7.all games run very smoothly. and the most important battery back up (average user like me it easily last for 2 days what more to expect) and build quality... it has CE logo.. for safety and quality trust...very few mobile had CE LOGO in India..Weaknesses: only thing i feel is 4gb internal memory .. but its ok.. to get some thing new i can afford to buy a micro sd card Overall: Its great... im already bored with samsung cheap plastic look... its time to move on.... and im using this from last 1 week.. trust me its amazing.. im a proud owner of a different mobile in the croud
After Apple, my requirement was Dual Sim Phone,so i tried Micromax Canvas & Zen Ultra HD 701 and ended up with bitter experience,luckily phones were returned :) and i checked almost all websites and bought Panasonic P51 and somewhat it satisfy my expectations, regarding build quality, camera and accessories. 1. This phone is CE (Certified Electronic) product (World class product) and none other Category "B" phones are certified. 2. Secondly this phone is using Google signed Android version with so there won't be any problem regarding android updates. 3. Battery backup is better than any other Category "B" Brand phone. 4. Screen glass is scratch resistant made by Asahi 5. Camera quality is better; but not upto the mark of Apple 6. This phone is with 2 Dual Micro Sims, and you can use 3G on any 1 SIM 7. This phone comes with Magnetic Flip cover, which is easy to remove any time and easy to fix. 8. Yes this phone is slightly priced high yet competitive with S3 or Xperia (Brand matters) My friend has S3 and we compare the display by running same videos with maximum brightness; i found panasonic brightness more than S3
I was planning to buy this mobile since I have used a number of Panasonic products over time and quite satisfied with them. I needed a good android phone with a dual sim & found good opinions online. It seemed to be far better than Galaxy grand. But looking at the number of fake reviews with 5 stars with the same date range, i am having second thoughts about going for this mobile. I found similar fake reviews on gsmarena too.. Its very obvious. These fake reviews trying to persuade people to buy this mobile have actually dissuaded me from buying it.. I may not buy a Panasonic product, ever again! Customers are not fools Panasonic! Period.
good phone works brienlent worth the price its 8 mp camra is great for family photo and it has every thing you want in just 17000rs oly
Pros: Value for money, decent looks,light weight, great contrast with a clean whiter background Cons: Magnetic cover is good in look and feel but low on quality
I got this phone from Panasonic showroom in Rajajinagar on 2nd October for Rs18500 and it is truly worth every penny.The 5" Display is truly amazing and the camera is good in daylight and okay in low light.Flip cover is excellent and stylus is not much useful. Coming to the main point that's the processor, the 1.2GHz Mediatek processor is super fast and there is absolutely zero lag.But one thing which the phone is short of is internal memory which is only 4GB but the apps can be moved to external SD card. Overall its a very good phone much better than Canvas 4 and even S3. Go for it friends!! Its worth the money
Amazing features with fluid connectivity. Been over joyed to use this product at sucxh a reasonable price. I am totally in love with the screen and the image quality. The sensors and the fast processing even makes it more interesting.
This is the real deal as far as the smartphones are concerned, the built in Japanese technology makes it super efficient with quad core processors and the design is even better. i love showing this phone off to my friends and all and the best part is the price which is extremely reasonable. I am going to buy a Viera possibly from Panasonic Shubhagaman offer which will get me some discount.
This is the dawn of the new era with amazing technology and panache. It has all the features of a Trendsetter phone. Guys Do Check the OFFERS being offered by panasonic on the products.
I am using this amazing smartphone and love the quality of images and camera. The processor would never ever let your phone hang even for a moment. All in all i am in love with this product. Thanks to elder brother who gave me this as a B day gift. I am really excited about the shubhagaman diwali offer by Panasonic where i could definitely get some products at good price.
Bought P51 a week back. Highly impressed by its performance. After the dismal experience with Samsung S duos, this phone is refreshing. My doubts about its processor is cleared as it works swiftly and with out a glitch.The unibody gives its a high end look. Display is good. At this price point only other phone worth considering is Galaxy grand. But having seen it with my friend, this is way ahead of grand. It comes with a stylus. But I do not find any use for it.It does not write in any application. When contacted, the customer care gives different contact numbers and nothing else.Flip cover is useful but not very good looking though. Hope Panasonic stays in the market as it is the only model they have launched..
am using this phone from last 1 week.. even i got it cheaper from other online store now come to the point.. its has a very gud display. free games i got,specially i want to mention. and it has dual stand by so it is far better den others.
I have bought this product this is the nice product for me so many new features is available in this phone this is the dual sim mobile phone /////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
I used this phone for almost 7 month now, just lost it last week, and going again for PANASONIC P1:- few of the many things listed below: 1. processor - A7 Cortex gives it a real good in performance and unstopping multitasking. you can open as many as possible windows and can use phone with ease. i did many operations never hang. 2. Display: this comes with fantastic display as a photographer I used my images as wallpaper and it looks real. the display is better than s3/Grand/Xperia C/Nokia lumia and many in range. im sure you will buy this phone just for display quality. 3. Camera: the camera is very good for still Images and click very fine pictures, you can click in macro mode also. the camera is better than samsung/Sony xperia and many other, as i have other phone is grand. 4. Gaming/video: with 3D game you feel real display power and all graphics looks real, the video in HD gives real pleasure to watch movies on phone while travelling. 5. Browsing: many features are inbuilt rest you can download with google play, but the inbuilt browser is awsum fast and gives great experience on online working. 6. Sound: the sound with given headphone are really good comparable to HTC, since I have never experienced such quality in other phones. as a music lover I need my phone to be good in playing music with powerful player you wont miss Ipod. 6. built: the phone built is very handy it comes with 5" display but wont felt bulky, its very light weight and very much slim & handy. I must say I dropped this many times and it is scratch free. Cons: inbuilt battery: if phone get hanged you need to wait to auto start off. you cannot pull battery and restart. heat: using for long time calls it get heated in my suggestion- this is the best phone in 16K appx must buy phone. also i want to say im not a agent or good wisher of panasonic but yes this monster device has impressed me with its performance.
best mobile no heating ,no lags,best photos,good style very much slim good quality, battery good, have to charge after 30 hours, go for it, after awaiting for long to get the rates down i at last bought smart phone,better than samsung and micromax comparing and quality.was scared as it is made in china should be ok as it is not heating .good for buisness as it is quick and has good processor..
Wow, Panasonic P51 is a nice phone. I really wanted an ‘auto capture on smile detection’ facility in my phone. It would prevent me taking a digital camera with me when I am on picnic with my kids every week end.
I have never used such a phone so far, all the phones I used ended up with horrible look with scratches on the screen, thank you guys for bringing a phone to avoid that problem.
Panasonic P51 looks rather a mini computer to me than a phone with HSPA+ with 42Mbps High Speed Download, no need to buy other devices; this would do the job for me of both, a phone and a computer.
Pros:Excellent display,very good battery back up,performance,camera,Top notch build quality, Cons:No updates are available,but can be manageable
in comparison to other mobiles with a price tag of 20,000INR it has lots of features. best to use and have. no second thought about it.
I am using this phone from last 6 months.. really nice. very happy. :) everything is working great.. nice camera, beautiful screen, beautiful body.. Great great sound quality.. :) very nice phone in this price. buy it.!!
we bought it on 14th July...got out of display on its own on 26th dec 2014... there were many small problems in the mean time which we ignored.
My phone panasonic p51 automatically got hang for 4 times in last 2 months. Wnen the battery is draines, if i charge again it will start working. Really frustrated with this. If the battery is full, i have to wait for 1 day till it drain. Anything can be done on this ??? Pls suggest.
I am really surprised to see such a confused marketing department. This phone was launched as the flagship phone at around Rs. 22k and within a month the price was dropped to 19K. Today this phone is sold for not more than 14K. I agree that as the product becomes old, the price reduced, but it’s better to discontinue a product rather than reducing price and hence the perception value of the brand. Secondly this phone was launched as flagship phone with the latest android at the time of release. It’s been more than 24 months now, but not a single system update from Panasonic. All the major phone makers have launched Kitkat update for all their flagship phone and preparing for Android Lollipop update. The major reason for a person to buy an android phone is to experience the android system with timely updates. If you are unable to provide the same then I guess you will never get repeat customers. I will never go with another Panasonic phone ever as I know they will never update to the latest android system. Finally last but the most important for successful product life cycle is the aftersale service. I had few problems with phone and tried to get in touch with the aftersales service provider mentioned on the website. But to my surprise they had ended the contract and the same was not updated on the site. I had to get my phone repaired from an unauthorized repair shop even though my phone was in warranty period.
i purchased this mobile on ganesh chturthi.really very good mobile.don't believe on rumours. go for it really worth.pixel clarity is excellent.just go...
The touch is smooth,nice processor long life battery ....1 GB RAM.. but i am unable to see internal memory 4 GB..
Panasonic P51 is a real value for money phone. The specs are comparable to MOTO G. The looks are unbeatable and the performance is super (I do not play games on my mobile) with what ever Apps i use on daily basis. Battery last for 1 day. I have picked up the white phone hence it has 2 tone's black on top and white back cover. The display and camera are very very decent as compared to other 8MP of other brands that cost you more. I am happy with my selection.
Panasonic P51 8 days phone Hanged & it is not having the support of opening the battery so it cannot be restart Biggest Problem of this phone
i have bought this phone from e zone one month ago in Rs 13000, with a free JBL speaker. this phone has good battery back up, very good performance in all respect. camera should be a little bit higher quality.
I bought this phone (not through Flipkart) back in September, 2013. I feel it's a very good Value For Money phone to buy if you are on a budget but BEWARE! People who run repair and service centres (both authorized and unauthorized) say that spare parts for this phone are not usually supplied in enough quantity and on time by Jaina Marketing (the same company that markets the Karbonn range of phones) so those customers whose Panasonic phones break down have to suffer a lot. I myself had to place an order online with a Singapore based exporter for a new display for my P51 after leaving my phone for 40 days at the authorized service-cum-repair shop in my hometown. Jaina Marketing failed to supply the screen for this model so there's nothing this guy running the service-cum-repair shop could do about it. I inquired at a few unauthorized centres but all of them told me the same thing: Panasonic P51's screen is unavailable in the market. I finally found relief when a received the shipment from Singapore and then I had my P51's smashed screen replaced for Rs.1000 (Although the overall cost was Rs.6700) This sad episode led me to think that buying this phone is a tricky affair; you get great value for your money but, God forbid, if your phone breaks down, you may face a very difficult time getting it fixed.
I am now using this phone for over 2 months. With an 8 mp camera it's a good carry for outdoor visits and impromptu snaps. The phone is very responsive to touch. The battery of 2500m Ah lasts a day depending on the features being used. The user friendly torch is a great feature and has come handy in many an unplanned situation. Only shortcoming I face is that sound volume is low. May be phone is not designed for Indians!! All in all I recommend this phone as value for money < Rs. 15k
Very Excellent Phone from Panasonic. Pros; Good user iterfase,8mp front camera greater than Grand,excellent build quality etc. Cons; Only i found no cases & covers for this unfortunate mobile, other wise Tooo good than Samsung & sony. My sincere request to Panasonic company to please introduce Cases & Covers for this excellent hand set other wise you loose market. So please.
My mom advised me to look up for the new Panasonic P51 smart phone because of the good quality camera (8MP) and the 1.3MP front facing camera. I study out of hometown and my mom misses me a lot. I buy this cool phone so that we use Skype anywhere using the latest OS version of this phone!
The dual SIM capacity of this phone surely is a hit for the business and personal aspect of my everyday life! The quad core processor also is a great addition to this phone. I can’t wait to buy this phone.
looking for a business phone, and I heard rumors about this Panasonic P51. If the rumors are true, the quad core process can be a good buy so that I can easily send files to my clients.
The light weight feature and the sleek design of this phone will be a perfect gift for my wife. I am sure she will love it. I can’t wait to give this to her.
My dad said I could choose a brand new phone for my upcoming birthday, and I guess Panasonic P51 will be the phone I will get as a birthday gift! The Jelly Bean operating system looks delicious on a brand new phone. I can also shoot photos during my birthday using the 8MP photo! So excited for the phone and for my birthday!
I am searching for a new phone and I stumbled upon this forum about Panasonic P51. I was quite surprised about the key features of this phone such as the quad core processor! I am saving my money for this phone, I will immediately buy this phone! That Jelly Bean operating system looks yummy! I simply can’t wait.
I will surely sell and replace my phone for that big IPS display and quad core processor! Panasonic P51 will be perfect for me because I am a power user. I think this phone can handle my every day battery usage!
Panasonic P51 surely replaces my old sluggish phone! That 2500mAh battery power can surely hold up to my daily tasks and I am quite excited to buy this! I will surely get this phone with HD resolution. This is perfect for viewing my photo and video collection. Also the camera features are so great, I won’t have to carry a camera separately anywhere!
Panasonic P51 inspired me to sell my old phone. The Android 4.2 Jelly Bean operating system of this phone excites me because it outdates my older phone’s OS. This will surely help me in my everyday tasks and work. I can also buy another SIM because of its dual SIM capacity! Definitely a must buy product.
Panasonic P51 has a unibody design and the light weight of this phone is perfect for the Indian market. The high capacity of the battery is also perfect for all Indian tech geek.
The gaining popularity of Panasonic P51 caught my attention. My wife and I are excited to buy this phone with HD graphics and resolution (1280x720). The unibody design of this phone (tough and secure) will also match our lifestyle. We can’t wait for this good product.
I was looking for a dual SIM smart phone and I buy Panasonic P51 after it’s released in the market. phone has a unibody design (that adds security and toughness, right?). I was looking for light weight smart phone and this one is just 135 gms! This is the perfect phone for anyone.
The Android 4.2 (Jelly Bean) version of Panasonic P51 is one of the most awaited features in the tech market. I can’t wait to squeeze the juice out of this phone because it packs a lot of battery power! Given the large amount of battery power, I think this will be a good buy because it is still light (135 grams!) for its capacity!
I am patiently waiting for my new phone. This light weight 5-inch phone is very nice. A good buy for me because of the quad core processor for my everyday needs! This will be one great hit for the tech geeks out there. Waiting for it!
P51 has nice features which are not found in others of its category, with Best Audio Enhancer to give better audio quality for earphone combining with HSPA+ with 42Mbps High Speed Download and a display 5 inch IPs screen with HD (1280x270) resolution
I love my P51. The Good Looking Unibody design, with light weight (135 GM), will easily fit my pocket. It has magnetic flip over and 2500 mAh is battery with 23 hours of talk time makes it irresistible.
For quadcore phone its speed and battery backup is amazing.low budget in compared to other phones of the same category. Worth buying. Hats off to Panasonic................,.......................,......,.........................................................good luck buyers...........................................
I m not sure why people criticize things without even using it. I am using it for more than 2 months and i m proud of decision. Do not rely on negative comments, majority of them are bogus and bidirectional. It has great camera, great features and is truly a great Smartphone.
P51 is very nice mobile, It's true that its hardware is the latest and its performance surely is, compare it with any smartphone in this range. Biggest pro of this phone is battery, it easily lasts a whole day. Dedicated Graphics gives a decent gaming experience which is further complimented by the screen size.
I can’t wait any longer for my new phone, This device is stylish and comes with a strong magnetic flip cover to ensure it is well protected. I am just so eager to get my hands on this sleek and stylish device.
P51 has absolutely an amazing mobile. With a best in class 5inch HD display and a resolution of 1280 x 720, I believe is going to be a competition with the other smartphone tycoons. I really like its features and looks, 5/5 rating from my side.
Simply love it,I love the color and design of this sleek stylish P-51.You have to get a real sight to experience the real quality that Panasonic offers with this phone with reasonable price.So many Brands even more products and yet one Panasonic Stands ahead of everyone with its breathtaking design and efficient performance.
I am eagerly waiting for my new Mobile, I just love its features when I saw in its launch. The most impressing thing is its display resolution, it has best in class display. Latest Android OS version and one more thing that impress me is it has Dual sim…. Which I like most.
It’s a masterpiece from Panasonic. Long awaited and highly anticipated. I am full of praise for this Baby of technology. Full on performance and quite brilliant on design, as usual a quality landmark, My take go get the P 51………
The P 51 sweeps you off your feet the moment you lay your eyes on it.P 51 is the ultimate masterpiece ofart meets innovation. A strong and super quick processor that makes the graphic and functioning like a warm toast on butter.
Its a wonderful smartphone with really cool features. I am in love with its display .. really crisp. excellent gaming experience, body of the phone is also quite nice. I am addicted to it.
Amazing is the first word that comes to my mind about this new Panasonic innovation. The P 51 is stylish & sleek very trendy and upbeat with today's fashion and vogue. The P 51 is literally the beauty with brains. Looks to crack the mirror and got Quad Core Processor to match up the performance with good looks. All I can say is if you truly want to try something new P 51 is your best bet.
P51 is a quality phone. Good build quality, fast processor, tough display, Latest Android, includes flip cover, and also has international certification and marketed by reliable brand. Internal storage is an issue, but can be solved by inserting microSD card. Price at Flipkart is too high. It is easily available in Pune for Rs. 19500
Since a very long time I was thinking of buying a new mobile phone but some how kept delaying it.This phone had some truly amazing features. The 5 inches screen produced really sharp images. The camera quality was excellent. Also I was always keen on buying a dual SIM phone and Panasonic P51 was just that.so go for this mobile phone.
This is the good mobile for me i bought so many reason firstly i am impressed for this mobile this is the dualism smart phone i have lot of mobile seen into the internet and compare to another mobile i selected Panasonic p51 and i am happy....
my requirement is dualsim smart phone so i have watched so many phone and compare to another phone i have bought this phone so i using this phone i am so happy using this ............................................
I love everything about this phone. Having that display resolution makes doing everything so easy and clear. Camera, processor, display resolution is great. So, without really wasting any precious time I will for sure go for amazing phone.
Whenever I decide to go buy a new phone I basically look at the features like OS, Display screen and processor. These all are the vital thinks in mobile. This is perfect phone to me and I recommend it to all.
Samsung, LG, Nokia all are good brand but when compare with its features like OS, display screen, processor with Panasonic P51. Then I moved to p51 because it provide all the latest feature which I want..Good to buy!!
This is my first smartphone. as per as my experience this phone has some outstanding features. It has a big 5 inch screen giving a great viewing experience along with the latest Android version. I guess I am in love with it!
I am tang from assam. Recently, I have bought a p51 for my dad. When I bought this smartphone then I little bit confused but nowdays my dad is happy with its features. So, Go for it without hesitation !!
Panasonic P51 is making an new entry in the arena of Smartphone. When I knew their features then I have totally excited to buy this smartphone for my personal use. This month I definitely buy this phone and you!
My mind is totally confused on which handset is better for me then finally, I have decided to move with Panasonic p51. Android is my prime concern and processor. All these features are available on this phone. Awesome phone with best features....
I couldn't live without this phone. The Panasonic p51 is better than other brands. It has some wonderful features like its processor, display screen etc. I definitely recommend this phone for personal use. Its totally value for money.
Best Audio Enhancer “BesAudEnh”, which can give you better audio quality for earphone is a new feature added in the new smartphone belonging in the tablet category, the P51. It comes from the creative labs of the company Panasonic who have created a stylish but a highly performing smartphone. It consists of a big touch screen (5-inch), a powerful download speed (42 Mbps), a Dual SIM and a 1.2 GHz Quad core processor.
A new horse in the race of tablets has been entered by the electronics company Panasonic. Its name is P51. It consists of some exciting features which include out of the box Android Jelly Bean 4.2 (the latest), a stylish magnetic flip cover, a more than handy stylus and is the slimmest tablet till now, also being one of the lightest.
A Dual SIM phone in the range of the smartphone/ tablets is rare. It is rare for it to have best in class display size (5-inch). It is rarer to have best in class thickness in the category (8.5 mm) but it is far more rarer to have all this and also a stylus to use along the phone. This means the Panasonic P51 smartphone is a rare must have phone/ tablet.
A 1.2 Ghz Quad core processor, 5-inch IPS touch screen with HD having 1280*720 pixels resolution make the new product from Panasonic, the P51 is a worth having device in its range. It comes with the latest version of Android - the Jelly Bean 4.2 out of the box which is not offered by any other device of this range. This means it is a must have for techies and power-users.
The Panasonic P51 smart phone/tablet comes with a 1.2 Ghz Quad core processor. This makes it faster and smoother allowing easy gameplay even in highly demanding MMORPG’s. The Quad core is best in class. It has a RAM of 1 GB which allows multi-tasking and smooth transition between applications. The magnetic flip cover adds certain flair to its look giving it an edge in the looks department.
I wanted to migrate from Symbian to Android and I believed that Panasonic P51 is the phone for me. Seems I was right! It’s a brilliant phone, just bought it some time back and don’t know if I could have got a better product! It has the latest Android version. Another thing I like is the powerful battery which will enable me to use the phone longer than a few hours. I bought it and I am very pleased with it.
I have been looking to buy a phone that has the power and the screen size that will suite my needs. I believe Panasonic P51 is what I was looking for, so bought it! The 5 inch screen is perfect for being able to read mails, books and so on without having any difficulties and the 1.2 GHz quad core CPU is more than enough for any kind of multitasking that I require. The Panasonic P51 is the best phone ever
I have been searching for a dual SIM phone with great performance for a while and I finally found it, it is the Panasonic P51. Bought it as soon as it was available. The phone has a quad core processor which is excellent for multitasking and the best feature is that it can have two SIM cards. This is a perfect phone for me and I recommend it to everyone.
Whenever I decide to go buy a new phone I basically look at the features the camera has to offer. The P51 has all the features that I look for and a lot more. so got it instantly! Besides the camera, another thing I like about this phone is the design which I think is great. The specifications are not enough to explain how good this phone is, it is a must have to know what I mean!
I wanted to get a phone that has a beautiful design. The new Panasonic P51 caught my eye and I could not resist. It has a very beautiful design which is light and thin. Another thing I like about this model is the magnetic flip cover and the stylus. I bought it immediately, it is perfect!
My brother wanted to get a smart phone with a longer battery life. We read that Panasonic released a phone with a quad core processor and a powerful battery, which is the P51. Since he is always on the phone, talking, chatting, reading, watching videos, almost all day, I thought this would be the best gift for him. Got it for him just 4 days back, and haven’t regretted it. Neither my brother; he is quite happy with it!
I was looking to get a phone with a good camera and a big screen. A friend of mine suggested that a new Smartphone has been launched by an esteemed company and i.e. Panasonic P51. It has a 5 inch HD display with a big resolution. The camera is 8 mega pixels with a lot of high end features. Must buy this!!
Panasonic announced a new phone, the P51. As I was looking for something new myself, I got it, and I am simply amazed! This is a very powerful phone with a 1.2 quad core processor. Usually phones with such powerful processors have a short battery life, but this model has a bigger battery which gives a decent battery life. I am so happy for buying this wonderful phone
Finally bought the Panasonic’s smartphone, P51, with the ability to have two SIM cards on it. This is exactly what I have been looking for. I needed a phone with a multi core processor and this model is perfect for me because I do not have to use two phones. I was eager to get it and I do not regret waiting for it. It was definitely worth the wait. I guess I am in love with it!
I got tired of my old phone with a small screen and I wanted to get a new phone with a larger screen. The new P51 by Panasonic is the phone that I got and BOOM! Perfect decision! It has a big 5 inch screen giving a great viewing experience along with the latest Android version. This is the perfect phone for me. I bought it and I do not regret paying for it.
