MOBD9Y77UJAWNZRH
I bought this blackberry today and i must say its a complete blackberry curve with all the features unlike the others. Pros -3G -Wifi b/g/n -Wifi Mobile Hotspot -3.2 MP cam with EDOF -Bluetooth -A-GPS -806 Mhz processor -BB OS 7.1 Cons - No Java Still, I believe the price tag of this fone is quite high. But very much recommended product especially for BB lovers.
I got the phone one year back. It gave a very good service. But issues associated with the phone are - 1) Battery drainage rate is high. 2) Sometimes it shuts down automatically 3) Even if you have full charge, it would show low charge for radio signals
Great device. I change from my neo v to 9320 soon. Very nice offering. Perfect update for 9300 in all parameters. Keypad is much better than 9360. Those who want a premium build and good camera, a GPS can buy this mobiles. Others can choose 9220. Battery is same in both with long life.
I recently purchased this phone, I previously had galaxy 3 which was also good except for the fact that I didnt like touch screen. The following are the features i liked Pro: 1. Great UI. 2. Light weight and feel elegant. 3. Long battery life - Had to turn off GPS. When GPS (Location services) was running battery lasted 2 days. Without GPS on it lasted 4 days. 4. Best QWERTY 5. Google contact and calendar sync available which means i dont need to copy contacts in SIM. 6. Wi-fi Hotspot. 7. Android users will take a while to figure out how speed dial works and will love it when they do. Con: 1. Access to gmail, blackberry gmail plugin is no longer available. 2. Without a blackberry plan maps,email etc are useless. Compare to android yes the phone has less apps, and is little expensive but it does what its meant to do really well. In the QWERTY series the samsung phones had battery problem, nokia asha series felt too rugged and bulky. Why a QWERTY instead of a touch screen? 1. When you have a interactive call the proximity sensor takes a while to turn on the screen display 2. Everyone will end up putting a screen gaurd while will impact the sensitivity. 3. Eats up lot of battery 4. Watching movie?Games? Why not watch it on ipad with bigger screen? 5. Typing a message is a pain if you dont have nimble fingers.
Blackberry mobiles were 'smartphones' once upon a time when there were no Android, no iphone. You'll find an android device with the same features much cheaper and also by quality. Blackberry is now doing good business in third World countries because it is not in good choice of even 1st n second world peoples. Don't go for the name unless u did use a blackberry and loved it and a blackberry fan. It sucks a minimum of RS.299 a month from well known operators in india for BBM, and Rs.100 more for internet (2G). Where whatsapp can be installed & used in android for free with a general internet GPRS package. And as far as I know Blackberry 10 is coming later this year which is a full touch screen device like iphone or popular android phones.So it is proved that physical qwerty is going to be a backdated feature in the coming years. And also blackberry 10 will not be updated on no existing device(including this one) as RIM confirmed. So go for an android. I'd say go for android 4.0 devices.You’ll find one in this budget with a good touch screen. There are lots of reputed companies selling androids. Buying this blackberry appears to be making Indians fool with including an FM radio. :D I'm not going to be a fool, my nokia phone have a fm radio already.
I have never been a BlackBerry fan. However, I do appreciate the build quality of these phones. But paying 15k for a phone whose "additional" features are a dedicated BBM key, FM and 3G and which does NOT have HD video recording or even a decent camera to add to the feature list, is just too much. C'mon RIM! You guys have a reputation to maintain and a market to compete in, where every major company is offering the maximum value for the money. I'd rather buy an Android in this price range with better features, a faster processor and install WhatsApp in it. This phone would have been good if it was priced anywhere below 12k.
Well!!! Those who intend to buy this phone..lemme say this... It doesn't have any unique features, not a great processor, not a big screen, crappy OS :) may be its good earlier back in 2007, 2008 :) now.. Its the time of android/ios :) ...which comes with better features and camera! ..weLL..Nokia did the same mistake and now its reflected in their quarterly statement for not implementing android :) For a 15k price, there are much better phones like Motorola defy+, samsung omnia, samsung galaxy series, sony neo V etc.. if you want an outdated brand name on your phone with no features..then go for it:) am sure ya gonna regret it later! !
If you wish to make ur life miserable and ready to sacrifice ur data and willing to invite trouble then this is the handset u should buy... i've been running around to get my hand set fix since the day i bought this piece of shit... this handset has a major flaw it does not work on 3g mode the moment i put my handset on 3g mode it start rebooting all the time... got this handset replaced have gone through almost all the trouble shooting that has been advised by airtel/blackberry/redington but still no solution and i'm still waiting to hear from blackberry as my case is pending with them... this handset doesn't deserve to be in the market at all....
I have read some of the comments above which is really non-sense. People who buy BB should know what is it for, Don't try to compare any other phones with BB. Apple ios, android, Symbian all has got its own way of features. BB which is a business brand phone has got all the features for a person who is busy in his life. Mates, holding a BB is a status yaar.
I dont want other brands of Mobile co. give you but if you are ardent fan of blackberry brands than this phone is for you ...!!! what more you want from a blackberry phone in this price bracket !!! A 1450 mAH strong battery huge plus point , wi-fi spots , 806 Mhz processor ,excellent QWERTY Keypad and of ocourse 7.1 Blackberry OS platform makes this phone out !!! Though plugin features for gmail , bb maps missing ,camera should have improved !!! and No JAVA are some are its missing !!! Anyways a Good phone by Blackeberry !!! Worth it !!!! Just loved it !!!
Best value for money , starter of BB with internal GPS antenna . Although when u compare it android phones , yeah u get more options but for BB lovers it's a go! Here are the pro's and cons from my point of view : Pro's: 1.Smooth interaction and neat graphics 2.GPS is quite good and sensitive 3.battery backup when using low profile is very good. 4.sound is quite louder and nice 5.good for messaging con's: 1.even though the Ram is 512mb , native browser and BB app store lags sometimes 2.camera is average if u looking for a basic\starter blackberry,all featured (hardware included), fair pricing , neat business class phone GO for it...!!! Also BlackBerry 9320 comes with 5 colors . do when with vendor if any color available
Yes if you like me are thinking of buying this product then please read the following text. I choose to but this product and I feel what was I thinking when I made this decision. This is a total money waste and u will end up in regret buying this. The phone has nothing to offer. - Very Poor Battery Life : Lasts only for a couple of hours - Most a[applications don't run - Poor Customer Service Team-Your phone will be taken away for months. Dont even give it a shot it is not even worth half the price being demanded. :(
Guys, I m Vignesh from Coimbatore.I got BLACKBERRY CURVE 9320 from a Poorvika Mobile Store, Coimbatore. And I used the phone only for a week and that too in a very gentle way,no rough use was done and also the phone's was covered with a branded case named CAPDASE, and the back panel got so many scratches and some dark spots sort of marks and the new phone started to look like a stray dog. then after that the top optical layer of the track pad came out in few months. And i got really pissed off and I took it to the service centre where those morons told some stupid stories like "Your phone is water locked". seriously think of the problem which i complained and see the answer given by those service center people :( i got pissed off and yelled at them and they told that these things can not be replaced in warranty claim. This is what happened to me and my 15000 bucks. So my kind advice is that pls go for some other phone!
It took me exactly 6 months to write a review for this phone. I got it for 13925 from flipkart,the delivery was good and i was happy with it. But 6 months down the line, i see this phone is just good for mailing and the Earpiece quality. The battery gets drained too quickly, so i carry my charger to college and charge it during lectures. Sometimes even though the battery is at 25%, the wireless network gets shut saying battery low. In a Nutshell: Pros: 1.Sturdy,looks good. 2.Decent Camera. 3.Mailing/Business Phone hands down. 4.you get unlimited 3g usage on vodafone unofficially(it will show 300mb balance, but deducts very less and even after you use 3gb of 3g,it will still show something around 200mb remaining) after you get a plan of 399(BB plan)+102(3g data plan). Cons: 1.Battery 2.Low internal Memory 3.Not For gamers. 4.Costly Data plans! 5.BBM coming soon on Android/IOS.
First time user of BB. Was looking for a phone with buttons. Everything about BB is so subtle, I love it. From phone calls to BBM to txt messaging to FB to Twitter to instant messaging everything works while being unobtrusive. I have used touch phones but prefer the BB any day.
i am using this phone from 3 days and its simple and awesome bis subscription is must to enjoy all the features otherwise go for android pros -great battery life , better than bold 4 :) (1450mah vs 1230 -mah) -good music quality -slim-est phone in curve series cons -camara lacks autofous and only 3.2 mp -os 7.1 tooks huge amount of internal mem u only got nearly 100 mb left bt you can delete unnecessary input languages plus demo videos and song and ull get 50 mb more :) trust me this device is complete value for money
1. Overpriced for the features. 2. The keys make strange squeaky noises which is annoying 3. Battery life is awful. Need to carry the charger around everyday 4. The screen is prone to fingerprints and oiliness. The phone looks nice and isnt too heavy.
Very good phone when the time is 2006! but is 2012!, why bb maintains the dam old design? This is iphone and android world! . 3.2 mp camera for 2.44 inch lcd at 15k is too expensive! one can buy a htc explorer for 7k + a micromax funbook tablet for 7+ and u have a tablet and a smartphone for that price!!! Sorry BB This is i/a world!!.
DO NOT BUY! This is a cheap piece of chinese junk being dumped on the indian consumer by the RIM. The phone is useless. You try to use any feature and after a while the phone just stops responding. You try to update the software, it does not even connect to the site. In fact, try anything other than normal SMS and phone call, it is bound to give you trouble. An absolute waste of money. I'd suggest you buy a samsung or nokia phone which is half the price, but double the features.
This phone is a real value for money phone, complete with all the qwerty keyboard stuff and all hi-fi stuff. I am not a technical user or a nerd as such, but the chicks dig it. Yup. The hotspot thing is cool, but it should have had a secondary camera. At least a 0.3 mega pixel (for skype users.)
Awesome phone in QWERTY model. I recently purchased this phone, I previously had Blackberry 8900 then samsung Omnia w, but i want to say this is the best QWERTY business mobile. Pros- 1. Super Battery 2. Updates 7.1 OS and Super UI 3. 3.2 MP Camera with flash 4. QWERTY keypad 5. WiFi Hot Spot Cons- 1. Low screen resolution
Great as a mobile phone, but old browser and OS will not support the latest web technologies. Battery backup is good compared to android, like a whole day backup. 2G and 3G network and switching problems are related to the carriers and about 10 phone of different make, model OS etc were tried to confirm that it is not a phone problem, but a network problem. The body will have a lot of scratches, if not protected with a soft pouch. My few months old is already like a coffin without the pouch! New BB OS 10 not tried.. But, Google related products seems to be the best, even though life and battery backup is less. Can rely on this BB for sure, if you are not worried about the radiations of BB.
I bought this phone since I was getting tired of touch screens. For each call in a touch screen, 1. open the lock 2. draw the lock pattern 3. go to contacts 4. wait for it to come 5. go to search. 6. type the person's name(which is very a sensitive process) 7. select the person and tap on name --> TALK. For every call I had to do it and I get at least 30-40 calls every day. At the end of the day I was very tired. Hence I got a blackberry. pros: 1. it is very easy to call anyone. click..click...slide...click..its done. 2. its small. 3. there are conversation threads 4. voice quality is amazing. 5, Great battery. Not even thinking about charging nowadays. cons 1. Maps don't work. People say you need blackberry plan of Rs.300 / month for this (pure cheating!) 2. Transferring contacts is painful. You need to be a geek to do it nicely. I had to download blackberry desktop manager, go to gmail and download my contacts into csv format, put contacts into windows contacts, go to blackberry desktop manager, syncing not happening, downloaded an older version of blackberry desktop manager and THEN it started syncing. So it is long drawn. 3. It is from the old world. It is a 2007 phone not a 2014 phone. But overall my thumbs are less sore and I am a happy man. I still keep my android but for my fancy chores. For my regular calls, I am good!!!
Decent product with good features. Nothing special about it, nothing bad too. Since this review should contain minimum 100 characters i want to say thanks to flipkart's service which is always good. Even though, they are trying their best to disrupt their name via various fake offers etc., They are best in the past, Now they are OK.
I am a Balckberry fan.... used Bold 3 9780 for 3 years........ as 9780 is not available now..... I thought of buying 9320 I bought 9320 in Apr-14. Problems faced from very 1st day onwards- a) battery not getting charged to its 100% b) voice was not clear c) getting less network I gave it for repair... After 1 month I got the replaced mobile i.e new BB 9320. After 2 months... I again start getting the problems. d) multiple receivers getting displayed in multiple lines e) mobile getting heated up c) mobile getting discharged in 2-3 hours Gave it again for repair... now waiting for the cell... Worst experience......
product not ok; one side of the screen has got slight opening resulting in entry of dust from that side...
The phone is only for BB lovers. If you have used Android, this phone will bore you for sure. However, yes, faster applications, no freezing, very very responsive software, buttons, track ball. If you are a person who is looking for your personal and professional work in one, you can blindly go for this one! I like the software, email messages are at your finger tips. Its bundled with every possible thing. Fast delivery by flipkart again! Much before the scheduled (promised) time! Thanks again!
This model is worst ever, every now and then its gets power off/restart/Hang up, Etc Battery Back up is not up to the mark, and back cover color gets removed which look very odd, and then you will have to buy a new panel which will cost around 2K, Over all not a good phone at all,
Classic Mobile. Excellent Battery . Amazing Keypad. BB is BB- No Competitors for it. One of a phone kind.
An Amazing Product from Blackberry Battery backup is really good Audio Quality and Voice Quality is Really Awesome Worth a Shot
im confused to buy...i like bb i gives rich look .....but internet offer for bb is high...iphne also had the basic internet offers....bb is special because thats reason it sucks....soo any ways this bb is awesome but only one defaults that is internet.
This phone amazing value for money. My first smartphone was a BB Bold 9700 bought in mid 2010, it lasted for good 2.5 years when one fine day it fell from a third floor balcony, worked for a couple of months and then breathed its last. (amazing build quality), I gave it to a younger cousin of mine who spent 3,500 on it in changing the body and screen and it is now as good as new and his primary phone. My next phone was a nexus 4 bought in Feb 2013. Great phone, after using it for six months could not bear the touch interface any longer and wanted to be back to blackberry (Too many touches required to anything simple, and that you actually have to look at the screen to get stuff done). I Was very tight on budget but was looking for something which is a good work horse. But this review is not about Bold 9700 or about Nexus 4. This is about BB 9320. I am answering some questions I had before I bought this phone. 1. The dedicated BBM key is configurable, I don't use BBM much so I have configured this key to the calculator. The Camera Key I have configured to my primary mail. 2. There is a small hole on the left side of the phone above the charging port, it is for a charm / dangler / phone ornament 3. Hot Spot speeds are pretty decent. Good: Wi-Fi hotspot (one of the important features for me) (tethering speeds 2.6 MBPS up, 1.1 MBPS down, in NOIDA on Vodafone) Flash Light light weight and small (compared to a phablet) Amazing Battery Life Cons: Build quality not as good as my previous BB. I don't care about: Screen resolution, Screen Size, One point deducted for not having a decent map app and not being able to run Google maps via official app (there are good third party apps to run gmaps)
This is my first BB, i was happy @ first as it had 3.2mp camera, 3G and latest OS.. I just wanted to feel the addiction of BB... finally my rating to BB addiction became costly... u need to pay extra for everything monthly to your service provider... Internet wont work if you are not paying for BB services monthly... and for this phone particularly... it hangs a lot!! you use camera... it will hang... u call.. it hangs... very less opportunity for you to explore as BB World has no good options... even whatsapp will make your BB hang... BB maps doesnt work in India i guess... and Google maps hangs... I tried all my searching skills to search internet for solutions... everywhere u will find people asking help for same hanging problem for this phone... online BB service care asks you to remove the battery and insert again... but thats not the permanent solution!! first of all it take lots of time to restart again... after few minutes hanging again starts... when you are paying so much for a phone and your phone starts hanging on the very first day and keeps hanging through out life.. how does you will feel? sick!! Guys please dont mind... after using this phone... i have pledged not use BB ever! All my BB addict friends says battery removal is best known solution for all BBs... otherwise BB is kool... BB is good only for BB messenger and its easy typing keypad for me... rest nothing is good... nothing to explore... overall a bad experience!
The screen size is small , blackberry apps are poor in comparison to android apps both in variety and functionality , you need to pay for monthly pack of blackberry data plan which is minimum 399 Rs , you can not play you tube videos on 399 plan , , Sound quality is good though ,BBM , Push Mail & G talk wont work until you are subscribed to the Blackberry pack , i think i am bored of it after 8 months of use.
Flipkart as usual had it delivered in a day. This is my first brush with BB. Did not want to invest a whole lot hence 9320.Was told that the mails flow in more consistantly on the BB compared to that of the Andriod. Have been a user of Andriod phones for couple of years now, and getting used to a BB takes a while. Excellent if restricted to just office use, mails, contacts etc. For some reason my hands have started to hurt as the keys are so tiny on the hard QWERTY. This phone comes with decent battery life. ** A Year and some months Later ** - Done a few visits to BB service centre, headphone jack slot seemed to stop working one day, had that replaced. After the service for some reason they did not fix the screen well enough, loads of dust particles inside, very annoying... I still would not want to let go of this for the ease of mail, and the some what of a fixed data charges irrespective of the enterprise e-mail traffic. Now the phone just switches off at its "will"... even with the battery fully charged, i am finally having to keep it aside. Will the next phone be a BB, i am not sure, with BB10 no different or inferior to IOSs / Androids of the world.
I was eagerly waiting for Blackberry 10 to replace my BB basic 8520 but price of B10 shattered my plan and I had to settle for BB Cruve 9320. I am loving it. Once a Blackberry user, always a blackberry user. Go for it.
Good phone, fast, and the best BB Curve. Scroll gives the feel of touch screen. Battery is comparable to other BB phones. The keypad is good. Metallic body looks good. GUI is great. 3G enabled with Wifi b/g/n. Wifi Mobile Hotspot enabled & 3.2 MP cam. Addition of enterprise mail is much faster in this.Light weight phone. Battery could have been much better. No built in applications in this. Also there is no Java.
Hi to all!!! I have used many android phones and it is sure that the number of applications in android phones as compared to them there are less apps in the BB. But yes it servers the purpose for what it has been made for. First of all it is not at all an entertainment phone. This is a smart phone and the best part is sending of the e- mails and the BB Messenger. I will strongly recommend you to go for it if you need it, coz people by a BB for the status factor without knowing the proper utilization of this excellent smart phone. That's how a gentle man has tried to compare his Nokia phone with a BB and that too with the FM features. Thanks and Regards, Anindya
I have been using this phone from past one month and from my experience I find this phone having all the features of a normal smartphone with the additional feature of business utilities as well. And the best part is its battery life its fabulous and gives anr edge over 9360, and the camera is good not great but comparative with that of 9360. And also its processor is 806 MHz same as that of 9360.Internet surfing is great. Only lack's with an NFC. And it is a great alternative if you are wishing to try something other than touch screen or if fed up with touch screen's.
BB curve 9320 has everything to get a youth busy except its price although it has finest connectivity like WiFi, 3g, bbm etc but that takes almost 15 grands !!! if this one comes with 10 k it could have survive the race but on this i have to say it will end up like Nokia !! android set new rules so bb has to come up with something great ... phone is good .. has a decent os , a 3.2 mp camera which gives a good shot but certainly loosing race with its price tag.. :)
This one's for those who complain about price and lesser functionality. A blackberry is after all a Blackberry and it catch more stares than other phones, so u'll have to pay a price for that. This phone is rich in networking features, Remote computer access can be done through this phone.It also has high levels of data encryption. But i would still say a 1000 bucks rollback on its price can increase its sales hugely. Otherwise i would pay 2000 bucks more to get the 9360
Bought this 2 days ago.......n its really a nic device. Blackberry is a business mobile with super communication features....... Pros- 1. Super Battery 2. Updates OS and Super UI 3. Camera with flash in such a price range 4. numeric keypad 5. WiFi Hot Spot Cons- 1. Low screen resolution 2. Lack of apps But its a super device for communicating......... Be Professional.....
