MOBCZSGBGEUTBSHU
A real beauty with functionality. Why did Sony and Erricson go apart, and kill this product. Real shame. This was the best phone I ever had.
I'm writing a Review for 1st time n the reason is this cell is worth writing a review! I need not mention about the prompt delivery of Flipkart! I started loving the cell the moment I saw it! Now its passed 3 days I'm using this SmartPhone; and its nothing but awesome! Just awesome! It makes you go wow by the way it handles internet contents! Its Facebook inside Xperia, Timescape, Navigation and all rest of the applications are just Rocking! Go for this Cell Guys Its Worth Buying for 13000! The prime things I liked about this cell are : 1. Display Quality! Hats off to it! Mobile Bravia Engine does the job assigned to it perfectly! 2. 1GHz Processor Can handle literally anything! Games and Internet work absolutely quick! 3. Its Size! Many criticize this cell for its tiny size! But I Love it due the same reason! Its fits so perfectly in hand and I would say its the most stylish cell available in the budget of around 16k! 4. Slideout Keyboard Keys are big enough for decent typing! Liked it! 5. Playful & User Friendly Interface Small tricks and customization makes it very much playful! Even user interface is friendly!
Everything is great about this phone, from the price to the features, it has everything and that too the phone does not look bulky. With the screen being small, the response time is increased. The only drawback for this phone is the battery life.
1. I purchased a Xperia Mini Pro (White) on 11 Jan 2012 from an authorised Sony Center in Hyderabad. 2. Within a month I had problems regarding starting the phone & the same was taken to an authorised Service Centre for repair, where the phone was re-calibrated. 3. The problem resurfaced within a few days & then it was again admitted on 7 Mar 2012 where I was told that the mobile has a faulty motherboard & the same took 10 days for replacement. 4. Within a few days, the speaker of the phone stopped working and on 24 Mar 2012 the phone was again admitted & is presently undergoing repairs. The seller as well as the service personnel assure me that this is the first instance that they have seen such a recurrence of problems but are unable to rectify it. 5. It is evident from above that my unit is malfunctioning recurrently & is faulty. The phone has hardly been of any use to me as it has spent maximum time being out of service or getting repaired at the service centres. I have been running from pillar to post asking for a replacement but the company has a replacement policy only within 7 days of purchase, which I think is absurd! 6. I bought this phone as I have been an ardent Sony Ericsson user & was accustomed to the excellent quality synonymous with their products. But this phone has had me doubting my decision & I am appalled at the product quality as well as the service, not to mention the amount of time I have spent making frequent visits to the service centres. You can imagine my plight after a year when the phone is out of warranty & the service charges I'll be paying for the repairs. 7. The phone is a 5 star product (only when it's working, which unfortunately has been rare for me) so I'll go with one.
Had ordered it after loads of R&D, using Sony Ericsson for first time. I choose it above : Motorola Defy, HTC Salsa, samsung Ace Hope its worth it. Waiting... Guys will let you know review.
The phone has a great look, overall performance is good, net surfing is quite good but it consumes battery too fast. But i have a confusion about it's RAM, no where shows that it has 512 MB RAM. overall it shows to u it has more or less 300 MB RAM. Where is 200 MB? And there is not too much free MB RAM, it's system and other apps consumes a lot of RAM. There are only 3 simple games, and it sure u won't like them. Yeah, i have been using this product for 7 days. And this product has some pre-installed apps, which are out dated. This product has a headphone which is too bad, when i listened frm that headphone i was thinking that i am listening a 1947's RADIO. It has no bass no sound quality. It's better to listen on phone's speaker. That's all... Enjoy if u had already brought it.
I gt this phone for its dual input(touch+qwerty).. and i dnt regret buying it! One thing i cribbed was it's battery which din't last more thn a day! Bt i found tht charging it for 1-2 hrs extra i.e. after it shows 100% charged status...makes the battery last 2 days(almost double)..and nw i love this phone evn more!!
I ordered this phone on the 18th of Dec (Sunday) with a special request to Flipkart to have it delivered to my girlfriends birthday on the 22nd. They did just that! The SK17i is one of the best phones in the market within it's price range. The touch-screen is highly responsive, a bravia engine on it's screen, though not as good as the Retina display on Iphone, is right up there with the top ones. Runs the latest version of Android, image quality is outstanding, a very good reception antenna. The battery drain still is a sore point as with other Sony Erric phones, but it is a small tradeoff compared to the highs on the other specs. All in a all, a very good phone, value for money and Flipkart's service is just the cherry on the cake!
Amezing Video and Audio Quality,Browsing and other functions are good.Camera function also good...!!! people,dont miss this phone if you are planning to buy handset..!!!!Sony really did great for Android Applications.
One of the best looking smartphones that has every thing. HD (720p) video, latest Android 2.3 Gingerbread OS, Slide out Qwerty keyboard with excellent well spaced out keys, very responsive touchscreen, 3.5 mm audio socket, dual cameras for video calls, Facebook integration and 3G. Buy it if you are looking for the best at an unbelievable price.
It is a lovely phone and absolutely coool for the price!! :-) .. Screen clarity is amazing! Browsing through the internet is such a lovely experience... and also seeing videos on this phone is a fantastic experience - crystal clear!! :-) Though battery isn't that great! Need to explore more on how to maximise the battery power usage!
I first wished to buy HTC Chacha but prefered this because of larger screen. But to say...It really gave me a great experience....I still wonder have bought this phone by thia price..... At first it really woried me of battery...but please make it dim whwn not in use, then switch of wi-fi & bluetooth....it will surely work for long.
I had a problem with the phone in first few months. It started hanging in the very first month. I got in touch with the service center. They upgraded the software and then it looked to work fine. After a few months , 3-4 months to be precise, it again started hanging and behaving strangely. After I have had a long call, all its menu buttons, the touch would go crazy and something i try to open would not open. I can't even make a call. whatever I open would disappear in a second. A game cannot last beyond 2 rounds. Applications would shut automatically. I am planning to get rid of it very soon. A thumbs down to this one.
It is more than 2 years now, I have bought this phone on Flipkart. My experience right from the purchase till delivery was good. As per the phone, it never failed to meet the expectations. The features are simply fantastic, comparable with the phones coming after 2 years from other brands. The quality of sound, audio, video, photos is great ....I am liking xperia to the extent that perhaps will plan to buy an xperia phone very soon. Drawbacks yes, performance wise it hangs sometimes and requires restart - but I know that this is due to overloading of apps/ memory. But still not that bad compared others like samsung or nokia! Being an "old styled" person when it comes to smartphones I do miss slider phone; wondering if there is/ are any similar new model is available with SONY
this phone sucks !!! touch problems , to small screen , slow response, no interesting games .best to use as an i pod .
Sony Ericsson Xperia Mini Pro SK17i iwant it for RS:6199 It's always better to review a product you have personally experienced and easy to carry and keyboard typing
I should have given it 5 stars because it was an awesome budget phone back then. After update to ICS, it becomes very hard to use it. It always hang. I can't even open firefox properly. It eats whole memory. But i found a way last month. Just go to developer options and select no background processes and don't keep activities. I did that and since then, i can easily open facebook app, chrome, firefox and others.
It has been 2 yrs that i have been using this mobile and it was incredible in terms of performance and as well as toughness. It was put down twice on highway when i was riding my bike at 80-90 Km/hr but still it didn't stopped working, yes there was some scratches though but it was working perfectly, now after 2 yrs, its slide is creating some issues however it is acceptable knowing myself how roughly i use my phones. Hats off to Sony, For sure my next mobile will be from Sony only.
Note: This review comes long after the device has gone out of production. Beats every other phone I have used in my life. The keyboard is brilliant and the slider gave me no trouble in 2 years of use. Also, the way the UI has been customized, the small screen is no hindrance to using any apps. It is a bit delicate so be careful how you treat this device.
i am using this phone for like almost 2yrs but never wrote review. Well for the starter Pros: it has nice clicky effect on qwerty keyboard display is nice it looks stylish n easy to type long msg coz of qwerty touch is also pretty good. n it gave me problem only once but it was my fault i dropped it pretty bad. cons: its not slim at all if ur looking for a slim phone . it gets slow after a while i have not installed many apps but still it shows memory full even though i have 16 gb memory card overall its a good phone
Hi all I'm using this phone for over a year I had many more expectations from this phone.. 1 Ghz scorpion and 512 mb ram.. didn't deliver as much as i wanted.. Games lagged.. i've played temple run, temple run 2, subway surfer, .. these all lagged .. If such games laggs.. don't expect to play higher graphics games. .:P camera is satisfactory.. Build is very good.. During normal usage.. it hangs a bit.. which is a negative point..
This phone is so cool. I bought this phone in Sept 2012 From Flipkart Sharp 3 day's Delivery. Specs...... Camera Excellent, Sound Quality (both on Loudspeaker & Headphones) is Excellent. I hve seen many Phones in this Price range but only this phone has a Display Quality Enhancer BRAVIA ENGINE, Graphics Engine ADRENO 205 Very GOOD. it can beat Samsung ACE and ACE DOUS, HTC Wildfire S and many other Phones. Games are so smooth,I played Temple Run, Temple Run 2, Angry Birds(all Versions), Asphalt 7 HEAT, Toy Trruck 3D, Counter Stike and many more no lags. So Don't Post Crap Reviews. This phone is a BAAP
i'd like to say to Mr. Ankit Mahapatra, im using this phone since 1.5 years n im very much satisfied with it. plz dont post crap. Did u ever contact with customer care???? Ive sen more Samsung n Nokia products go crapy after 2-3 days of using. Im using this phone since long time, n it did not let me down but yea this is now outdated i'd say. u'l get more features in this price tag but u wont get a Xperia mini pro ;)
Received the phone on 31st Decemeber. Xperia Mini Pro is a great phone for its Rs. 11000 price tag. 1Ghz processor coupled with sufficient RAM makes the phone snappy for day to day usage. Camera is rather nice and gives a lot of options. Keyboard is very much usable. Lot's to discover in the phone...have fun.
Buyed one month before..in flipkart.. no issues at all. All works fine. Battery 8 hours,remove apps and low the brightness get 10 hours. Quality is good and performance is awesome. Quality is good and performance is awesome. Quality is good and performance is awesome.
if we compare to samsung, nokia, or any other mobile sk17i was a excellent mobile. because it as allkind of specification than other with minimum price. xperia sk17i has video calling, bravia engine 1gz processor,b Ram. also it has 5 mp camera, and secondary camera with 0.3 Mp with HD recording. 512 m buy and enjoy.
I got this few days back in perfect sealed condition.Here are few pros and cons: Pros: Good camera,sound and touch capability. Cons:With only 2 gb memory card included.much of its space is eaten up by the apps itself.so u need to purchase a higher capacity one.
I didn't buy it from Flipkart though. When Dad gave me the money I cudn't wait for another day! I bought it after months of research & it was worth it. The camera was my 1st priority & it's awesome. Superb picture quality; it easily beats Nokia & Samsung. The flash is great as well. I cudn't ask for a better camera at this price range. The front camera is 0.3 MP & it takes quite nice pics. The 7 homescreens are great. I love customizing & it am completely happy with the options it provides. The phone comes with the Gingerbread Android version but you can upgrade it to ICS for free. It has adobe reader as well as flash support. It also offers lots of pre-loaded apps & what's good is that u can delete most of these if u don't need them. The sound quality is good. The slide-out qwerty keyboard works like a charm. So if u r not touch savvy, u can do most operations via the keyboard (1 of my reasons for buying this model). All in all, I am a perfectly happy customer. Sony Ericsson is the best brand when it comes to mid-range smartphones with camera. If u r looking for a good camera with flash AND a qwerty keypad, this is THE mobile for u. Happy shopping!
bought this phone a year back, at that time it felt simply aweseme touch response was pretty good, after a while the problems started the only thing the phone does all day is search for networks, u have to constantly keep checking if u have network or not, this would constantly drain the battery ,combine this with few hours of listening to music and surfing the net and your battery is all but dead, few months back i ugraded my phone to ice cream sandwich , i would't advice anybody doing it ,it slows your phone down considerably i would say 1/3 of its earlier speed.
I have been using this product for almost 4 months. It has 1Ghz Processor but it runs slow not upto the mark. Camera is 5MP but picture quality is also not upto the mark though video quality is very good(HD). Sony Bravia engine works very well ofcourse screen flickering is problem but you will get use to it. Battery life is good enough, it can run upto 1 day.
This is truly a fantastic fone, It is so fast with its 3G modem, infact faster than my laptop . The screen clarty, the pics, the music - no complaints. The GPS google maps etc etc are awesome too. I love the cute Keypad, makes messaging so simple. I must confess I bought this fone elsewhere as Flipkart was having trouble during the Diwali rush. I did get the 16 GB mem card and car charger from Flipkart though.
this is one the best fones i have come across...i have been using it for 4 moths now...no issue with the battery...excellent touch response...and i guess other pros have been listed by so many reviewers...go for it..
I have been using this phone for two months and i can say that this phone is fantastic,there is no software and hardware problems relating to this phone.the only problem i have found in this mobile is not a long lasting battery which is general to all android phones.bravia engine,xloud and HD camera also good.no regret. salilankk
Well i purchased this phone from a local store and enjoying it.this phone is worth the money,i mean features and eerything,what i loved most is the camera and its hd video recording.sound is on a low side..it got everything what u wishes for your anderiod phone..go get it
