MOBDDQNY8ECGRZYT
In this price category it is value for money although sluggish at most times especially if u have loaded GPS, games etc. But the striking feature is that the camera has still to go a long way since it cannot focus on most occasions. There are better dual sim phones with better resolution of 5 MP camera.
This phone is good for its price tag coz of its features, but dual mode I feel could be refined a bit since frequent network going off is observed for no reason, I am not sure if this is the pone issue or the service providers, but overall yes a good buy and value for money
I have been using this phone for the past 2 months. This phone can handle normal apps like angry birds, cut the rope and all, but it would lag with other high def games like NFS,Asphalt, etc. Pros: 1) Good Build Quality (Much better than Samsung), Light weight and slim design. 2)Good battery Life ( The CPU governor of the phone is set to "ONDEMAND" which delivers better battery life instead of performance, u could change this if u root the phone to "INTERACTIVE" and gain more performance by sacrificing some battery power.) 3)Big enough screen @ 4", any bigger and u wouldn't be able to hold it in one hand while texting. Cons: 1) Average camera, doesn't look like 5MP 2)Slows down while handling multiple apps. 3)Dual SIM handling could have been better Update:- You can update the LG E615 to Jelly Bean 4.1.2 through kdz updater ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2428976) , after doing this the phone looks and functions good.......
dont buy this model this model disadvantage is both sim is active but u log in facebook or any apps then another network is gone/no service pls dont buy this phone i am used this ph and next 2 days i will get back the retailer
1 month ago i was puschased but i m nt satisfied coz internet speed too slow compare nokia handsets , camera quality too poor look like 2 mp ,when installed so many games from android market phone was automatically slow,finally i said don't buy this phone.
Hi, I have purchased LG L5 E615 last month and I am a very happy customer. Within this month I even interacted with LG customer care for a few clarification(to enable Smart Forward feature between the SIMs). Point1: Very good customer care service. I have seen a few reviews about DUAL SIM operation (like dual SIM not working) which are not correct about this phone. > There is no issue with DUAL SIM operation on this phone. On majority of phones, both of the SIMs could not be used for 2G-2G or 3G-3G at the same time. If used 2G or 3G on both SIMs at the same time, there is a chance of intermittent disconnections for the SIM on which data is not enabled. So you need to use 3G on one SIM and 2G on the other SIM. In future, we may see Android dual sim phones with the capability to run 3G on both SIMs. > This is a dual SIM standby phone. When you make a call from a SIM, the other SIM will be placed into standby. Standby SIM won't be reachable until the call gets disconnected. This is common in all dual sim standby phone. To avoid missing the calls, you can set call forwarding feature on both SIMs to each other so that whenever the SIMS goes standby, calls which are coming to it will be forwarded to the other SIM. This way you will never a miss a call coming to standby SIM. There is a feature you can use in the phone itself, called "Smart Forward" which automatically sets the call forwarding feature between the SIMs. > 800Mhz, 512mb RAM is suitable for most of the personal/official use. I don't use much games, but i have many other apps installed and did not face any slowness issue with the phone. In the market, there are many high configuration processors fitted phones which are not even promising the mere requirements.
Recently bought this fone, really happy with the display, touch & audio quality. Its 5 MP camera is not powerful enough bt works well with the flash. Processor : Quite powerful, doesnt get hang with the overdose of apps. Battery back up : as good as any smart fone on this planet. Dual SIM mode : Works properly, bt during downloading the large files from internet other sim may unavilable for calls. Pricing : Cheaper than the any phones from other brands of same catagory. (Dont consider with the micromax or carbonn) Overall : Good to price, descent looks, powerful audio. made for smart people.
ITs awesome phone....... MAACHO looks, nice camera, everything is nice.But dual mode have some problem. If both sim works on same frequency mode means(2G-2G) and you use one for accesing Internt than second sim not work.. But if you use (2G-3G) mode mean both having differ mode than it works properly wiithout problem........ SO you enjoy it....... but its specification is too good.. so You can buy it... Accord to me ITS AWESOME......... i am really enjoying ma phone......
I was planing for 710, after reading reveiws and knowing its limitations, my mood went off. And finally purchased this one with nothing in mind but battery on 3g and 2g. ( I had Touch Pro 2 with terible battery ) It's 15 days of use, and i am happy with this phone. It gives me a V. good battery life, V. good sound quality with power amp installed, V. good screen, nice readability even books, ICS and optimus combined give a good feel, Android helps i accept. Google maps awesome, drive awesome. With 800 Mhz, i knew all my basic tasks and light gaming will be taken care off. I am not satisfied with Cam but i never needed cam, I belive camera functions to be done by Camera only not the phones. For HD video it slowed down, again I like HD only on TV. and how can u expect HD from 800 Mhz. One con i could say : it can not be attached as direct USB drive. WiFi / Hot-spot rocks. LG sync not installed till now. Around 6 GB usable memory, quite sufficient till now. Duel sim rocks, while only 1 can be on 3 G other on 2 G always, but we can swap and do the alteration very very very easily, I liked it LG. Where 3g is weak, so its obvious 3g tower keeps on fluctuating, what i do is i only keep the other on 3g when needed otherwise i keep both on 2g it saves my power. And every one gets to know where they can find good 3g n/w. so this is very easy and i think we should get habituated to this. Calling / Bluetooth - i can easily say nice. Screen - Very Good 4', touch is adorable. very light weight, never feels like I have a mobile in my pocket. Overall a 4.5 Stars. Would have given 5 stars it it had HDMI out.
i own a optimus l5!!!!!!!!!! looks gud!!!! feels gud to hold!!!!!! big screen!!!!! awsme battery life!!! gud phone at this price!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go for it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Flipkart has updated the photo of E615 model.Dual model does not have physical button as shown in the photo at the bottom of the phone. Overall Phone is good but camera quality is average. Battery drains fast but after installing app battery saver it last for 2 days.
it the answer to the lumia, htc and sony smartfones. value for money.good performance and camera.you should buy it!! but it has 800 mgz processor but its quite powerful i would say. its 4" screen is the most attractive spec of this fone. ice cream sandwitch run well in it.the square design is very stylish and feels lighter than it is.
Guys first very frank to say if you are looking for a very high end power pack , LG Optimus Dual L5 E615 is not an option for you ... But please note that ...If you are Intelligent enough to invest your money grabbing the highest profit and cream of modern Android world ..this is the one .... 1) Powerful Battery .... [ Please show me any other handset including Windows Nokia which is running 24*7 with all application ... Continuous Media ...Gaming ..not a single one ....Being frank You will not be disappointed by its battery performance ] 2) Dual SIM ... [ Leave the debate its not working while one running with voice and Data ...Please go through 3GPP Specs or like that ... Its only possible for Dual active when access mode is different ... Like GSM and CDMA ...your usable bandwidth should and must be different ... SO Dual SIM is perfectly OK with this .. ] 3)Android ... [ I am not specifying ICS because actually ICS is not for 512 RAM because be whatever brand it is ICS genuinely requires over 1 GB RAM to run smoothly ...for which you have to invest over 25K in this market ...So far Optimus L5 is concerned its carrying it with atmost feasibility ... really appreciable ] 4)4 Inch Screen ...[ In today's showmanship who cares what you are carrying ...Its how you are carrying ... and by style and looks wise with 4 Inch screen it gives you a lot of space to be proud to carry with ... ] True Gamers [ means 24*7 GAMERS only ] .... Please stay way ... Other than that each n every reason is there to grab this in 13.5 K range .... Believe me its just AWESOME ...............
i`m using this phn ovr a yr ..and hoestly spkng this phn is the wrst phn ever.. its vry slow .... network issues .!!! dual sim does`nt work....dos`nt support 3g!!battery backup is awful!!and yes media file scanning takes almost 4-6 hrs . i wd suggest nt 2 buy this phn
Writing this review after using the phone for 1 year. And as it stands today.. 1. The phone is pathetically slow...after clicking on an icon .it takes around a second or to to open 2. The screen whitewashes intermittently 3. Very poor build quality 4. While attending calls - the screen doesnt lock thereby pressing some unnecessary icons 5. Contacts take eternity to load 6. After having made a call, it takes atleast 30 seconds before allowing me to make a second call 7. a Factory reset still dont resolve the above problem The phone worked good for just 4-5 months after which the problems started ADVISE YOU TO PLEASE AVOID THIS PHONE
It's good phone unless: - Low camera quality (5MP). - No front camera. - Slow processor. - Low Ram memory (512MB).
i bought this phone a week ago, the display is quite good, good brightness, touch screen is super responsive, the camera is great, although the flash lacks power. pros: good camera good sound quality great features cons: not meant for hardcore games can only run a max of 3 apps at the same time weak flash no front camera
First of all, in nov,2012, i bought this mobile with 13k. From the very first day, i have got some problems which LG customer care have not been able to fix till now. So i have decieded to sell it for just rs/- 6000(as it's current market price is 9999). So why this phone is WORST?---? 1)some times, it shows "no sim" on the sim card signal without any reason. Some times there is tower in your set, but messages, calls will not be recieved by your phone. Some times you will get trouble to call any one, there will be full tower, but you can't make any call, then you have only one option left which is "restarting your phone". 2)this phone is too much slow. having 512 mb ram, i have not seen any mobile as slow as this phone. Even micromax ninja is far far better and far smooth than it. seriously, i have used that phone. Simple games like "temple run" lags too much while playing it. 3)color washes out while tilting it forward. You bend your ph forward, you will see some color wash out like sony erricsson phones(w series phones). 4) it's not only my experience, i have serched about reviews about my phone and everybody is saying the same flaws as me.
The device is not fit to serve its main purpose as a phone. Regular hanging is a serious problem. Must carry one standby always to serve the purpose of a phone. 5 MP camera is also not up to the expected level.
guys i have been using this phones for last two months ,but there are lots of problems occurs while you play the games on this mobile it wont support the games which you desired to play(ex:- temple run 2 subway surfer) , when you try to play it gets sticks . so if you are game lover than don't go for this mobile . it has several disadvantage camera of the phone doesn't have a result of 5 mp .
It is good but the processor is a bit slow when you play games like temple run.The touch is not that good as it won't respond to you that quick.I suggest you to go with Sony xperia E which is a bit costlier than this.LG is not that well known model in Smart phones so go with Samsung or Sony.
First of all sorry to say that those who are writing negative about this phone either are biased or less knowledgeable about technology. I can surely and clearly say that this model is one of the best phone models among smart phones and I personally felt it is better than the much hyped Samsung Galaxy Series. The resolution it has is unmatched and the processing speed is too good. Further the camera is awesome. The battery backup is not believable unless you use it. It is LG that they do not shell out too much on advertisement like Samsung, they spend that money on R&D and Product development and hence here is the result, we get some of the best and long lasting products.
The dual Sim mode have to be improved. When an big app like Facebook, Speedtest is using internet from SIM-1 sometimes the SIM-2 shows no service. Internal memory needs to be improved. 3G speed needs to be faster.
lovely Technology, Architecture, Engine, High-Quality. Gorgeous Graphics good touch screen Premium android OS Experience good HD playback and DD sound good camera and flash very good 3G network best gaming experience but i use single sim Smartphone
good mobile in the price tag and its having 5 mp camera and dual sim support.and very good stylish mobile.comparing price and mobile its very cheeper mobile. good android phone comparing price in the market
