MOBDG8R3B3HWQFXG
Hello, i have using this phone since a month , i had ordered it from some other website as flipkart has just recently added it. About the phone: It is one of the best in this price range due to the fact as it has 512 RAM and 1ghz processor (with 3g + 2g network) along with a nice responsive 4 inch screen which is made even better by android 4. The only drawback is it has 3 MP HD camera without flash, though it is enough for average user. As a Engineer i understand how the system works hence i would recommend these steps in order to increase the performance and battery life - Firstly install one good file manager preferably (Astro ) - Also install Task manger like Go Taskmanager EX - Install good Browser like Aurora (along with these three you could load any software you want) Then; - Ensure to set a Data limit or else google play, Maps etc would eat your data without you needing it. - Run task manager when your u want to use it extensively. - Preferably Use 2g data network for Internet battery life would increase. - Do not use live wallpaper as its eats battery - Set battery limit warning more then15 % increases it battery life - You could install new themes as the default provided by Karbonn is plane The above steps apply to all android phones inorder to increase Performance, Follow them and you would be able to multitask in Karbonnn A15 like listening to songs while browsing and you would get 5 hrs of continuously backup minimum ( with normal brightness setting) and still battery would be left for normal usage , same for games like temple run, angry birds star wars etc.
I ordered from other service provider and received on 13 feb 2013.. After using of 20 days.. i would like to share my views about Karbonn A15.. I'm the First User of Android Phones.. This is Great one for me.. Initially i planned to buy Samsung galaxy duos.. But now highly satisfied with my Phone. Why Because.. All the Apps (including non android Market) were installing properly. which doesnt installed in samsung. It has Android 4.0.4 512 ram is very good. Battery back up is nice (use to listen one hour songs and 13 - 17 calls) 1.5 day. 4GB internal Memory (1.5GB for Apps Use and Remaining 2.5GB for Personal use) Camera quality is good. one sim supports 3G and other is for 2G.. internet speed is as good as Branded mobiles MP3 and MP4 plays well.. Gaming facility is very good. (it runs famous games like Temple run, Asphalt, Fruit ninza) finally the price is 5700.. which is affordable for middle class.. go for it.. Be Indian .. Buy Indian Products
After seeing a lot of +ve review I decided to buy this one in my budget limit. I bought it via a local vendor at my hometown; I am using it since last 5 days. I am a techie person so I am giving a honest review via marks; here it is.... Battery - 10/7 (1450 Mah last long for 18 hours normal smart phone usage) Display - 10/9 (prompt Pixel Density with 4" display) Touch - 10/9 (like other smartphone giants) Look - 10/7 (how better can u expect in this price range) performance - 10/9 (powerpacked hardware) Network - 10/9 (works all well) Camera - 10/7 (bogus indoor experience) Sorry is there something missing... Overall its a milestone from Karbonn.. Go and buy... :-) Happy I am
Bought this phone 2 months before from local store...at that time it wasn't available on flipkart..this phone is the best phone from karbonn. Good things.. 1. 3G is awesome (Using Idea) & 2G is also great (im using aircel) 2. I tried Temple Run, Subway Surfers, PES 2012, Fruit Ninja, Hill climb racing, Virtua Tennis all works great. 3. Built in browser is far better than other browsers for surfing. 4. Sound quality is good 5. Touch is good 6. Looks good in hand Cons.. 1. Camera is not that good but ok. 2. Sometimes touch doesn't respond while charging, but when u disconnect the charger it works fine (i dont know why this happens) Overall i loved this phone...
frankly.. just disappointed with the battery backup. could have been better. but everything does not comes in the price as low as this. so going on through the phone feature, internal memory a big plus point over the low memory phones. the touch is very nice and equally sensitive as other brands. the indoor camera quality is disappoitning as compared to nokia or samsung, as it cannot adjust the low lights. outdoor daytime pics are comparitivly good quality. about the phone RAM.. its okay okay.. getting ova 180 MB free RAM on phone switching and going low with usage..you need to stop your apps periodically which are not in use for better RAM availablty.. looks are great and could easily fool anybody around.. the connectivity as of GPRS n 3G are awsome..also the bluetooth transfer rate are fast.! the phone doesnot respond to touh while connected to PC via usb n is under data sharing.! .. the battery charges up very quickly n gets drained out too .. it gives backup for around 12 hrs on full charge with moderate usage.! overall a very nice phone..tough is in a bit of confussion about its longivity., if it lasts for an year or around 1.5 year then it would be awsome.. otwise gotta write a new review for any ota phone. :P /. / hoping for success with a first off the brand phones.. overall an nice buy and value for money ( with 3 days usage) .. rating .. 8/10
for starting 4-5 months mobile runs better but after this it starts hanging, application crash takes more delay in opening contacts/call logs/messages cant switch for WCDMA mode very poor battery backup no other 3.5 mm jack pin is supporting handsfree can't used with another player/phone/pc. i submitted my phone and since one month they didn't repair/replace it. even service center responce is also annoying. for this i compalined to karbonn mobile via email but there also no satisfactory reply and then no any reply after customer response. 18000 series tollfree no. is always saying all lines busy. now i will not buy any karbonn products in my life and stop others to purchse it. hope you will also learn from this
My first android mobile. I am using this mobile for more than 3 months. I bought it from some other site for 4425 during 12-12-12 offer. It has 3g, WIFI, GPS and sharp screen. Call quality is good. If u use good headphones, music will be excellent. I am using 360 launcher. overall its a good mobile.
Hello All, I am 100% satisfied with this product. GPS -- good Internet Access -- good Wifi -- good Battery -- good Camera -- ok (compromise) 3G -- good Regards, Venu. One more beauty with Karbonn, my touch screen damaged when it was slipping from my bike. Karbonn repaired it for free.
Who can get a 4 inch android version 4 smartphone with 512Mb ram in 5k range..... Go for this Mobile.......i have been using it since 1 month and loving it.... It has all the amazing features that a branded 10k mobile boosts abt... It has 4 gb internal memory of which 2.57gb is usable 512mb ram 381mb usable of which 250mb is already used by the pre installed apps etc Has nice design... Nice Music Responsive touch Lags sometimes... No front camera and flash Picture quality not that gr8 Overall a gr8 entry level smartphone by KARBONN
I ahve just ordered it...& waiting 4 it.. Thanks karbonn for giving a stiff chalange to Samsung & micromax.. It is loaded with all features which is quite unbelievable under this price tag.. Just waiting 4 it.. I am only worried about battery..every other feature is just awesome...
hi all, I have purchased Karbonn A 15 10 months back. On dec 20 the cell phone went dead. I sumitted the cell for service to service center "Reliable Enterprises Shop No. 12/12 A, Jai Ganesh Vision, Below Suvrnayug Sahakari Bank, Akurdi, Pune’’ I had been going through a very bad & embarrassing experience with your service center since there is no clear commitment /communication for the time it will take to get the problem resolved. After rigorous and tiring follow ups I have been reported the handset has arrived at the service center on last Friday dated 14 Mar-2014, for which I went to receive on Saturday but after reaching their I got surprised and more shocked to know the cell is even now at same stage as on which I have submitted it. It was still not working and in the same condition. It has been now 4 months since I am waiting to get the cell back in my hand which I don’t know if the Karbonn people can understand or not is a huge period for a mobile kind of thing to get corrected. MY ADVICE NEVER IN LIFE GO FOR ANY KARBONN PRODUCT. IF U DON'T BELIVE ME GO PERSONALY TO KARBONN SERVICE CENTER AND SEE THE OTHER COSTOMERS CRYING THERE.
I request to all that please do not purchase any karbonn product from any website or any shop because Karbonn company gives worst service. I purchased Karbonn A15 phone in Feb 13 & after six months my phone has charging problem & also display problem. so I gave my phone to karbonn service center (My Jobsheet no KJASPGT0401113K3733) on 26th nov 2013 but till today (22nd feb 2014) there is no response from service center as well as karbonn company. Also companies's toll free number is always busy & nobody can pickup phone and they do not gives any reply if we do any mail. So now i dont know that they gives my phone back or it is misplaced by company.
Do not buy these Cheap Company products as they do not know the meaning of Good After Sales Service. Also Once thier product get some problem it is hard to repair these phones.
for first two months, it looks like the best one but then it started showing problems like cheap mobiles. power switch was not working properly got it repaired. it worked for 1 month and then stopped working again. karbonn service centers are very few so having problem in geting repaired. Dont buy any karbonn product
I've just purchased this phone and I am more than happy with its performance... Lets get this straight PROS:- 1) 4" WVGA display. The display has good resolution which is obviously a plus point. You can't expect a better display at this price point. 2) Supports Android v4.0 ICS. 3) Touch is very responsive. 4) The phone looks pretty cool. Though the back panel doesn't has a glossy finish, yet the phone looks pretty smart. CONS:- 1) Camera quality is not good (which is a big let down). 2) Sound quality is good but it isn't very loud. Not recommended for people who like to hear very loud music. All in all this phone is worth purchasing as i found it the best in this price range (under 6K) Good job Karbonn!
Best Android Phone from karbonn Bought this phone 2 months before from local store...at that time it wasn't available on flipkart..this phone is the best phone from karbonn. Good things.. 1. 3G is awesome (Using Idea) & 2G is also great (im using aircel) 2. I tried Temple Run, Subway Surfers, PES 2012, Fruit Ninja, Hill climb racing, Virtua Tennis all works great. 3. Built in browser is far better than other browsers for surfing. 4. Sound quality is good 5. Touch is good 6. Looks good in hand Cons.. 1. Camera is not that good but ok. 2. Sometimes touch doesn't respond while charging, but when u disconnect the charger it works fine (i dont know why this happens) Overall i loved this phone...
In simple words you wont get these features for this price...if ur budget is tight and u dont mind using unbranded phones then its a sure buy. Personally I am amazed by the superb flipkart service,,,I didnt buy this mobile on flipkart but ordered a 16gb class 10 sd card for it and was delivered today(within 48 hrs of placing the order)superb service... Its my first non branded phone...I own a nokia and a samsung.using this for last 3 days...it was not available in black in flipkart 3 days back so just hunted for it in a few shops and got a deal for 5300/- after some bargaining.I couldn't believe myself that I got 4 inch screen,1Gz processor,512 MB ram,wifi,3g support,gps and above all ice cream sandwitch stock version without the useless RAM hogging goodies...at this price....great. now for some details....already listed the pros...cons are:- poor battery life...but u can always have a spare battery the rear camera glass is protruding so bound to get scratched with time so so camera..but see the price memory card cant be taken out without removing the battery the screen lock and volume buttons are poor quality but are mounted on rear panel so u can always change the rear panel if buttons have any problem(i dont know if separate back panels are available) audio quality is awful even with my 500/- panasonic earphones bundled earphones are useless for listening to music
i purchase dis mobile frm a local store at 5400 rupees as it was cheaper dan flipkart.... d mobile is awsomely amazing nd a superfone... directly cmng to d point..... PROS ..runs temple run 2 widout any lag....temple run 2 lags even on samsung galaxy s duos nd sony walkman series... ...good internal memory ...good graphics... ...touch is awsme... CONS ...ram is only 388 mb.. ...sumtimes lag...summmmmmtimes only...no worry.... Guyz...go for d mobike closing ua eyes
Phone is best as specification, hardware & performance but very disappointed for battery performance. if both sim @ data is on---battery survive only 3-4 hours. Karbonn should look this matter, without good battery else specification, hardware & performance is useless.
Worst phone ever used .. Power button broke within 3 months, not covered under warranty. Unable to find new body in market as this phone was not one of highest selling phone. Had to sell the phone within 6 months from the date of purchase for just INR 1500. Totaly waste of money. Phone lags, battery issues. It's not with just this model, all Karbonn phones are pathetic !! DON'T EVER BUY A KARBONN PHONE !! For Phone - 1 out of 5 Kudos for delivery, was on time !! Thanks Flipkart !! For delivery n packing - 5/5
i bought a karbonn mobile and after 1 year, it is dead and lying in my table drawer. Worst phone & bad customer service centre.
Do not Buy. I Repeat DO NOT BUY!! I wish if 0 stars were possible!! This is the most bullshitest mobile in the whole universe may be! This piece of crap lags so much that you cant even attend a Phone Call!!!! If u see anybody using this piece of crap please ask them to burn it!! Just burn it or may be throw it off a cliff. Just DESTROY IT.
dear all, please dont buy any of karbonn phone..this is one of the worst phone. I have used it for 1 yr and now it is lying dead.
I request to all that please do not purchase any karbonn product. Because Karbonn company gives worst service. I purchased Karbonn A15 phone in July 13 & after six months my phone has charging problem. So, I gave my phone to karbonn service center B. G Telecom, Shop No-44, Satyapuram, Near IBM Infocity, opp. Baramati Bank, Pune Saswad Road, Bhekrai Nagar-Hadapsar, Pune - 411028 ( to Mr Kale). They cant repair phone, only formatting. And this person said, kisne bola tha Karbonn company ka phone lene ko, mera kya hai, mein kal se nokia ya samsung ke mobile repair karna shuru kar dunga, aap local mobile repairing shop main jao or mobile repair karo. No timing for open and closed this service center or sometimes closed. If you want a phone that works perfectly for a year then go for it.
If you want a phone that works perfectly for a year then go for it. It's going to die after that so do not expect a lot. I had 4 Karbonn android phones which were dead after 1 year period of time from the day I bought.
Poor Service....No customer care number reachable....One of Worst Mobile I ever Had......GOD SAKE DO NOT BUY THIS BULLSHIT
Very Bad experience..fake company Karbon.. I submitted my mobile in november 2013 and i visited 5-6 times to the gallary at bhandup but they are jst saying come aftr 1 month.. nearly 5 months are gone..but no reply from the company and gallary.. If they cant repair & give us our mobile back..how can they sell their mobiles & giving 1 year warranty..useless...
Service center took my phone, but they don't have spare parts to fix it. So after 3 months I had to forget the warranty and buy a non-karbonn phone.
Flipkart Rocks for its service a 10 on 10 rating for its work. The device is also good I used it for about a year, works very well but at once if its damaged then repairing it becomes very difficult also the Karbonn Customer support is very bad,they are just not co-operating with cutomer.. My story: The phone is very good for use but one day it just stopped functioning and on taking to the service centre they were making lame excuses.. Karbonn customer care is very bad they are not able to repair their own product and ask to repair it from some other place.. Also the spare parts are not available in the market.. So I strongly recommend to buy a phone of a better brand as like Samsung as samsung customer support is very good.. Also search for the complaints about this device you'll find many..
Have been using the phone for over 7 months and I have no complaints worth speaking about. Below 6,000 this is the best phone out there. It looks superb, touch-sensitivity is amazing, display quality is excellent. I chose not to have the screen guard to experience the vivid colors in photos and videos yet no scratch has come on it yet indicating that the screen is very good quality somewhere close to gorilla glass probably. Flipkart outstanding as always. :)
Even tough this has 1Ghz pro, phone slows some times. Build quality is average. feels too plastic. but nice 3G dual sim phone at entry level.
This is awesome phone for this price. Too much durable, I am using for last 6 months and it fell atleast 10-15 times from my hand and from kid's hand. Still it works without any damage. Pretty decent battery life, Good speed. So purchase for this price.
Karbonn A15 is very low cost smart dual sim phone, very low weight and handy, but battery is very poor. it work smartly and fast. Poora paisa vasool item.
I am using this phone from 7-8 months and still i don't have any problem with it. runs smooth at all. U can play games like NFS most wanted, Temple run OZ and othe high end games smoothly. For best performance use after rooting the phone and than use Greenify app to hibernate the background apps. That will completely solve your problem of low RAM. Pros- good display quality low price better than many samsung phones upto Rs. 12,000 Good touch sensitivity Looks good in hand 4 GB internal memory no need of extra back cover cons- sound quality is average and intensity is low not fully supported to external speakers(most of the speakers don't work) camera quality not so good, very bad in low lights no front camera Battery 7/10 looks 10/10 camera 4/10 processing 8/10 network and connectivity 9/10 display 9/10 touch 9/10 performance 8/10 OVERALL 8/10 simply a great phone !!
I did not buy this phone from flipkart. .it is wonderful phone. Camera is ok. looks are good and has very good capacitive touchscreen. Drawbacks are that it does not have the option to unmount the sd card. otherwise it is an awesome phone.
This is a very fast device with best connectivity. I have used this device from my friend i have inspected each & every function carefully.All the functions are as per the specifications.The more imp thing is the company has given max utility value at the lowest price.Thank you.I am waiting for this device as it is out of stock.
It is a beauty in 5.5k range from karbon, I am using it approx 3months, till now facing no problem with this phone. Some times lagged but it common in this range. Screen size is 4inch good for playing games, When I am playing fifa 2012 in this phone I feel really great.
i have purchased this phone and i am happy with this phone. Pros: 1. the look 2. android version 4.0.4 in this price 3. internal memory 4. camera but ok ok 5. 4 Inch screen Cons: 1. there are no 4 GB internal memory, there are 581 MB for apps and 2.57 GB for user so there are almost 3 GB internal memory 2.RAM is not 512 MB, RAM is only 388 MB 3. Because of less ram, phone lacks sometime Otherwise this phone is good.
karbonn a15 is really good smart phone at low price but give the less battery backup at the time of browsing net and many games dose not support because of less ram.But the positive things are more than negative things about this mobile Positives Are.......... 1) Smart looking 2) good touch screen response 3) good internet speed for 2G 4) Big screen 5) good battery backup 6) Android ICS Negatives are......... 1) bad Camera clarity 2)it should have flash light for camera
i have been purchase this phone from flipkart good capacitive touch screen 3.2 MP camera Android 4.0.1 2.5 GB inbuilt memory and good thing is it support all type of video file so go for it........u will 100% satisfied
Have been using this phone for 2 months now and no problems so far. The screen is huge , good camera, good for apps. The best phone for the money in the mobile market today Altogether the phone is the best deal for this price range
After seeing a lot of +ve review I decided to buy this one in my budget limit. I am a techie person so I am giving a honest review via marks; here it is.... Battery - 10/7 (1450 Mah: last long for 18 hours normal smart phone usage) Display - 10/10 (prompt Pixel Density with 4" display according to 16M colors) Touch - 10/9 (like other smartphone giants) Look - 10/7 (how better can u expect in this price range) performance - 10/9 (powerpacked hardware) Network - 10/10 (works all well) Camera - 10/7 (bogus indoor experience) I have gven 1 less * for its battery backup. but almost all smart have battery backup problem/ So just do for it :)
i am using this phone from last 2 months, no issues at all. phone is packed with awesome features. display and touch of this phone are jst awesome. for a phone under 6K budget. don't think jst buy this phone !!!!!!!! Trust me won't regret !
DEAR COSTUMERS BEFORE BUYING THIS PHONE PLEASE TAKE A LOOK AT LAVA IRIS N400, IT GOOD AND FAR MORE BETTER AND CHEAP THAN THIS FALTU PHONE................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
karbonn a15..... :( :( Pathetic camera, headphones are worst, audio o/p is pathetic as well(no use of purchasing branded headsets)... given as if they've done a favor to us at this price :@ ..... Jumping from widget to widget at times is very troublesome... viewing angles not good.... touch & battery are good BUT.... for those who want android 4.0(ICS) OS and 4" screen and ready to ignore above mentioned facts, can buy it......
Starting with the Cons :( : 1.Stock music player produces low quality sound. 2.Decent battery backup when using WiFi,3G. 3.Thick compared to Ninja. 4.Horrible camera,though if you are really a good photographer(It's a joke though doing it with a phone) you can choose to use --monochrome only-- in camera which greatly reduces the glitch due to the crappy color sensor in images.Also in addition Camera zoom FX makes it less horrible to use. Pros:8)! 1.ICS 4.0.4 works buttery smooth but overinstallation of apps >56 is causing a lag in my case. 2.Sound quality matches that of Nokia X series after installation of POWERAMP app. 3.Resolution + touchscreen sensitivity is awesome or found it equivalent to Sony Ericson Neo V. 4.The white colored casing more or less resembles that of Nokia Lumia 620(white)[THE REAL PHONE I AM FAN OF]. 5.The Qualcomm S1 processor though with a bigger 65nm fabrication is a lot cooler when compared to S2 processor in Sony Xperia Arc, which is nothing S1+45nm fab+overclocking to 1.4GHz.
I bought this product from reliance digital at Gurgaon,honestly at first I didn't wanted to buy a Karbonn product because i didn't trusted Karbonn mobiles and wanted to go with Nokia asha 308 or 309.but my sister insisted for karbonn A15 ,and then I started realising that it is better than nokia asha 308 and 309 in following ways:- 1-first of all it is having an excellent touch 2-it has a huge 10.1cm screen 3-it has ice cream sandwhich operating system 4-looks great 5-many features packed in cheap price
I have bought the mobile from another online company. At the first day I just Disappointed with it as its inbuilt apps eat its ram. I just get 50 to 80 mb of free ram after some apps instalation. As a result it lags many time. I have a Karbonn A5 which is far better in ram consuption case. The apps that I have installed on it, also consume more extra ram while running. I think it shoul have around 768 mb of ram as it is A DEADLY RAM EATTER.
I am happy with my first smart phone. Doesn't wanted to spend too much on a phone and after seeing reviews here, thought of going for Karbonn A15. Overall its a good phone. Quality of display and screen size is good. However, major con is Camera - Not fully satisfied. Not suitable for Indoor photography. Battery back up - Lasts for 1 day with usage of data / wifi etc. Sound quality - OK Anyway, its a good value for money phone. Still I wish camera would have been slight better.
Karbonn A15 is really a good cell phone. i was used 2-3 Android phone but, when i use the phone, i feel good. the look and body of this phone is dynamic. feature is also best see ever. itssssssss owesomeeeeeeeeee
this phone is really great buy........there are very few cons about this handset as- 1.average camera quality 2.no front camera and the pros now- 1.runs on latest android ice cream sandwich 4.0. 2.has good RAM of 500 MB 3.can play high end games like temple run 2 , subway surfers etc. 4.is better than micromax ninja 4.0 5.has good 1ghz processor.
It has got awesome specs..only problem is with the music output...not good at all. not for music lovers..but yes if you are a techie..root the phone and remove dsp manager and use winamp .. music quality will improve definitely..as i have done it successfully music has improved a lot..rest awesome phone..not problem at all..great connectivity speed..resolution great..can play hd videos upto 720 p easily..but not 1080 p .battery could have been better as just lasts for a day..can play almost all games..including hd games..without any lag..processor is not too fast. just ok.
A very Good Product for this price range, it will be a best buy if you are trying to buy it !! A very Good Product for this price range, it will be a best buy if you are trying to buy it !! A very Good Product for this price range, it will be a best buy if you are trying to buy it !! A very Good Product for this price range, it will be a best buy if you are trying to buy it !!
I have been using this phone since a month now. It is just amazing but there a some problems Face detection sensor in not that good and the phone keeps on hanging Any way its a 4/5.....................
Latest hardware and software at rock bottom prices. Functioning well. Happy with touch screen. Camera is so so. Music is good. Planning to download apps for memory management & boosting music. Not happy with screen guard. Cover should have been included in the package.
Needed a 2nd phone. was looking for an android. did some research on flipkart and saw this. it had amazing specs and came for a mouth watering price of 5700. so far the experience has been really good. the touchscreen is great and the phone is fast with its 1ghz processor. games and apps are running smoothly. 3mp camera is also good. the headphones in the box are surprisingly good with very good clarity and loudness. The only problem i found was in trying to figure out how to receive a file via bluetooth. took me 15 mins to figure out that the top most portion of the screen has to be dragged down. also i wish it had a dual cam. Overall a great phone.
I am using it since last 10 days working fine Pros: 1. Good resolution 2. Memory 3. Touch-Screen is big 4.0" ans gives quick response 4. Battery life is good Cons: Camera quality no secondary camera Overall a very good phone in this range
in today's HI-Tech mobile generation who can get an Android V 4.0 in this price bracket!!! even 3 MP camera!!........karbonn is far better than Micromax!! and in superb competition with Samsung and Nokia!! and it comes with Light sensor.....G-Sensor.....Proximity Sensor!1! and with latest games like Temple Run,Asphalt 6,Samurai......Fruit Ninja....Angry Birds space.In my opinion people who love android phones and games should definitley go for it!!best phone by karbonn!
NICE MOBILE...BUT HAVE SOME ISSUE LIKE... 1)BATTERY PROBLEM, ITS WORK ONLY 01DAY, 2)IT NOT HAVE CALLER NAME READING SOFTWARE WHILE INCOMING CALL, IF U DOWNLOAD FROM PLAY STORE THEY WILL NOT WORK PROPERLY, & ALSO NOT HAVE TTS DATA WHICH REQUIRED TO RUN CALLER NAME SOFTWARE. 3) CAMERA IS AVERAGE...
Got this phone on Feb 2. Have been using it for a week. Karbonn has done enough justice for a 4 inch touch smart phone at this price. At times it lags when you start multitasking. But you can always wait for a while keeping in mind the cost of the mobile. So far it has been a good experience. Micromax A89 is a good competitor for this phone as it comes with a dual core processor.
Got this phone today ,ordered it on the 4th.as usual Flipkarts prompt and speedy service ,thanks Flipkart!!! great phone for the price the only thing missing is a flash Camera is quite good though ...Highly recommend this phone VS Micromax
i just bought this phone through flipkart. cons radio bad music not good some lags camera pros if you are not considering above thing and if you want a big screen with 3g, wifi and to play some gud games then go for it.
really great mobile... thanks to flipkart for adding this ..if u had added this mobile two months back i would have purchased here .. But now am using the same mobile for 2 months still .. nice mobile Adreno 200 excellent graphics support nice features for 6k superb budget phone... just love it
Touch response is good,handling is easy,screen resl is very good,easly play almost all games,wifi have good speed,GPU is good comparing to 10k samsung phones,(battery avg,head phone avg,sound avg,)......................................................................
it is a very good mobile,i m using it, its an amazing phone.it support all the apps which other android 4.0 phones supports. you can buy this phone but there is an only problem that is lacking of games i.e. temple run,temple run 2,lan splitter ,etc. in this mobile whatsapp ,facebook ,etc. runs very nice iliked it
i AM USING IT FOR LAST 3MONTHS. So far good performance,video and internet connectivity.Touch has some problem when I connected to laptop charging occasionally..But I bought it for Rs 4400 from homeshop. So great value for money.Why waste money on Expensive 10000+ smartphone.Very good connectivity .Battery life is as good as any other android phones
I own a Galaxy S3. I wanted to have another phone for my Android Training Classes and thus I landed in a shop to check out MM / Karbonn / Spice models. I was pretty impressed with this model. The shop price was 6000/-. I went for it The things I observed in 2 weeks use - Looks pretty close the "Sony Tipo" - Good Speed - Screen responsive - Resolution is good considering the price range - Game play works fine - Good call quality - Decent Battery backup (but with 2 sims and 1 on 3G it takes a toll) - Stock 4.0 UI feels awesome (its raw!! :) and I like it. Verdict: Go for it in this price range. Very good phone
Don't purchase this phone....i was used this phone for 1 month it very horrible .. configuration is very good but tuch is very bad camera also very bad hd video also not run properly voice quality is very bad
it is a very slim and sturdy smartphone ...it is one of the best from karbon @ abudget of around 6k ......experiace it ...all good games like temple run works in this phone ....go for it.
The Only thing I Hate about android Phones is the way each company skins them..A15 has an unstained OS and also packs a hardware to provide fast user experience,with the looks of a nexus and with a price tag such as this, it would be wise to opt for this phone. I've just ordered mine what abt YOU!
