MOBDH6HC44DARDHX
I am writing my review on Day 2 of possessing my phone. Full disclosure : 1. Since I like this phone so far, some of my reviews may be out of positive emotions any new gadget can bring 2. I am not a hard-core gamer so my review will be for average to power-users. Flipkart : I think there's no second thoughts here that Flipkart has been exceptional. I ordered this phone on Sunday (2nd June) and got it on 3rd June in the evening. So kudos to Flipkart! XOLO Q1000: The specs of this phone are wonderful almost akin to Samsung Galaxy S3. Let me point out what the short comings of the actual product are and how big a deal-breaker can they be. Phyisical appearance : This phone is quite a handful. Looks very pretty. Operating with one hand might be a slight problem because of the giantness of this phone. Your thumb can stretch and ache a bit moving from one end to another. But then, am not overly worried about it. It's fun. The back of the phone is rich looking but buttery smooth. Butter-fingers need to be careful while handling this, as the phone might pop. Having a phone-case should fix this problem. Display : Gorgeous. 720p is pretty awesome and the colors look true and running You-tube 720p videos make you jump with the clarity you get. Full marks here. Sound : Little disappointed here. Make no mistake, I can hear the other party well. But I really need to focus to hear them out well. So, be prepared for a limited volume phone reception. This is not a big deal for me and for people whom this could be, I'd suggest using a headset. Performance: I was using an Apple Iphone3 before this and I didn't find that big a jump in a quad-core processor. Scrolling screens is ultra smooth but there were a few occassions when the phone did take a little more time in fetching data or populating a setting screen that I'd expect. The capacitive buttons too did not respond a few times as the phone was busy processing. I guess this happens is Samsung galaxy also. Again this issue was isolated and at this point ignorable. Battery : On day 1, I used up 50 percent in 3 hours. But I was fully browsing and downloading non-stop as any gadget-freak would be fiddlig with their phones on day 1. On day 2, I emptied the fully charged battery in 10 hours. Bug again I was having heavy browsing and downloading. So battery I am sure would last better than this, but being such a monstrous phone with quadcore and 720p display, I don't expect miracles honestly. So expect a full day's charge with moderage usage. On the battery front I noticed two more things. Having both the SIMS loaded will gobble up more battery because the phone has to be in radio contact with two towers. I'd suggest to disable the second one and use it only when absolutely necessary. but then this is my take on it. The second thing I noticed is, I tried to drain the battery to empty and then recharge it so that the system recalibrates. I was stunned to notice that the last 1 percent lasted for 40 minutes. I am thinking that the battery was not calibrated at all. So this could be another tip. Drain it the first day to absolute zero and recharge it. Camera: didn't experiment in detail. On the surface, it looks strictly okay. Nothing fantastic. I will update this review if possible in days to come. Overall am happy with this phone so far. A very good buy if you ignore the few inconveniencess that make this phone.
Build Quality (4.5/5.0): The Q1000 has a 5" inch display and the phone is 8.8mm thick. It's a slim phone from front to back and it can be handled pretty well given the fact that it comes with such a big display. But ofcourse like other 5" smartphones you can't operate this with only one hand. The plastic used on this display gives a premium feel and the back panel is butter smooth and shiny. You should be careful as it could slip through your hand! The capactive buttons serve well without any glitch. It has Power, volume and camera hard keys. The camera button could have been positioned in a better place. It's not easily accessible. The display used is a dragon trail glass which is completely different from the gorilla glass. It is scratch resistant and it has In plane switching and 5 finger touch. Overall build Quality is good. Display (5.0/5.0): This is what is the big difference between the Q800 and the Q1000. The price difference is almost 4k between these two phones but the display on this screen compensates it. This is the same dragontrail glass which has been used in the Sony Xperia Z. It has a screen resolution of 1280*720 pixels. It has a vivid and sharp display. The color reproduction is good but it could have been better compared to other brands. You would love to watch HD videos on this screen. The images are so sharp it looks lifelike! The clarity is just mind blowing. The gaming experience on this screen is just too good. You gotta use it to believe it. And the fact that this display comes in a 15k smartphone is just amazing. So full marks for the display! Performance(4.5/5.0): The Q1000 is powered by the 1.2 Ghz Quad-core processor, and has the PowerVR SGX 544 Graphics chipset which is clocked at 286Mhz. The Q1000 runs on the latest Android Jelly Bean 4.2.1 which complements the hardware used on this mobile. The mobile has 1GB RAM and 4GB of internal memory which can be expaneded upto 32GB via a microSD card. The performance is butter smooth on this device. No lags occur even while multitasking. The games run smoothly. I haven't tried many high end games but games like modern combat 4 ran smoothly. The processor chipset used is MT6589 which is same as that of the Q800. I really feel it should have had a better processor as everything is same as the Q800. The Antutu and quadrant benchmarks are similar to the Q800. Also they should have upgraded the graphics chipset is this a 5" screen and requires more juice from the processor. The Q1000 has only 3 sensors. It has Accelerometer, Proximity sensor and Ambient Light Sensor. It's missing magnetometer and gyroscope which are included in the Q800. I don't know why they have not included these sensors. Gyroscope is very much needed in this phone. Maybe they would have did it reduce costs. The accelerometer and the proximity sensors work well. The proximity sensors detects objects 4c-5cm away which i think is not needed . 2cm would have been sufficient. The ambient light sensor is also very sensitive and the display changes the brightness with the lightest change in light intensity. So overall the performance is good, the only let down are the missing sensors and the same specs as the Q800. Camera (4.5/5.0): The Q1000 comes with a 8MP primary camera with BSI Sensor and 1.2MP front camera which has also BSI sensor. The camera quality is very good. The HDR gives high clarity crisp images and image quality in low lighting is also very good. The front cam is also good. It serves well for video calling. The Video recording quality is too good. You can record videos in 1080P Full HD. This can also play 1080p videos. The camera has got many features like panorama, multi angle view capture, smile detection, face detection, geo tagging, adjusting levels of face beauty, face color and face brightness. It also anti flicker, zero shutter delay and self timer. So overall the camera quality is very good. Battery Backup (4.0/5.0): The phone comes with a big 2100mAh battery.The battery lasts a day on moderate gaming, browsing through wifi, music and video playback. The Battery is same as that of the Q800. They could have increased the capacity to 2500mAh as this consumes more power because of the big screen. Also the dual sim consumes a lot of power, it saves a lot of power if you disable one sim. And i have used this with full brightness. So it will last a day on moderate usage. Conclusion (4.5/5.0): This phone is worth the money paid. I have heard that xolo customer service is terrible, i haven't had the chance to experience that still :P, when i asked my retailer he told that there is doorstep pickup service available. Anyways i'm not too concerned about the after sales service right now. With the specifications of this mobile at this price its a must buy for everyone who is looking for a budget android smartphone.
I am writing this review after 1 month of usage. This is a very good product. pros: 1) Very good battery backup, 7 hours for heavy usage; more than 2 days for minimal usage !! 2) slim and sleek design and very good built quality. Yet to test the Dragon Trail 5"screen ;) 3) camera quality is very good (full hd) 4) 1080P video play back is very smooth and no lags. 5) Installed and played games like Asphalt7 heat, Dead trigger, into the dead, blood and glory, subway surf, temple run 2, beach buggy, contract killer2, fruit ninja, jetpack joyrio etc. No lags at all. 6) good touch sensitivity, color reproduction is very good. 7) music clarity is good, use 'poweramp' to get a better experience. 8) Browsing is fantastic experience in this phone; Phone is little bit slippery and need more care when using with one hand, little worried about the projected back camera, it may easily attract scratches. One more thing, they could have increased the speaker volume and call volume. Cons: 1) no otg support, no hdmi support 2) no magmatic sensor 3) no led call notification 4) no inbuilt call recorder (crashed several call rec. apps) and no inbuilt smart screen lock feature. 5) not good for heavy gamers 6) we cannot move apps from internal or phone storage to sd card. (for normal users like me 4GB internal memory is more than enough) 7) whenever I open google map it shows searching for GPS and it is lagging. But overall performance is very good and value for money!! Go for it... :)
I brought xolo Q1000 soon it started giving trouble regarding display , headphone & hanged many times , ek mahina bhi nahi chal thik se !! . this was worst mobile experience . they don't have service centre everywhere , they do claim of giving door to door repairing service but in reality u need to submit ur handset to their collection point .call centre ( timing 10 am to 7pm ) people are not at all consumer oriented they will keep u on hold even for 20 mins . i had been waiting since last month to get my handset back , called their service centre number of times still they dont have updates or its whereabouts . DONT EVER BUY XOLO HANDSET . ITS A BOGUS COMPANY . BETTER BUY CHINA MOBILES FROM STREET MARKET . ( its not worth of even one star ) . flipkart should not sell such products it will bring down its reputation . its not a fake review , you can check it . my complaint number is 310000091235 and xolo toll FREE helpline no is 1800 30 100 104.(Operational from Monday to Saturday, Timing 10:00am to 7:00pm). please check it before buying .
I believe most of the 5 star reviews are based upon the initial expression. When you hold the phone for first time you will be amazed. HD display with Quad core processor in 12700 sounds like a deal. Just after 3 days of usage screen started to go blank without any reason. Check out the video http://tinyurl.com/oaul9su. I called Flipkart and they immediately replaced the phone though I asked for refund. If you get a defect free phone you are lucky otherwise its a trap. Something is wrong with the xolo brand. A friend told me that lots of retailers stopped selling xolo because of defective products and poor after sales service. I am happy that I brought it from Flipkart and I don't have to run after XOLO.
I had purchased a Xolo Q700 few months back. I looked at the reviews and thought that its a best buy for a budget of 10K, where you get, a Quad Core, 4 GB internal and 1GB Ram. The phone worked normally for a month or two, But then it showed that it belongs to a low brand. The touch Sensitivity was gone. I submitted my phone at a newly opened service center in Mumbai on September 1st week, but still I haven't got my mobile. I make calls to the service center, but those guys are helpless and they keep on saying that we haven't received any Status for your device. They don't even call back for the status or reply to emails and messages. Does it take a month to fix a touch panel ? Its was the worst thing that I decided to submit the phone at a service center and its even worse that I purchased a Xolo Product by looking at specs and reviews. Just think 100 times before you purchase any Xolo product.
i had brought this phone on july 9th but it konked with 12 days , tried to get in contact with the seller they refused to replace the phone and only they can repair and sent it back, i had to spend 400/- to sent it back, still the mobile has not reached me
Dear Friends , i have purchased first phone of XOLO - X900 and used it for 1 year and that phone is superb even till now. in gaming , processor speed and all aspects . then i have purchased Q1000 just now and this phone is too good.....in 14K price you will get all what others are giving in 28-30K price......yes like samusng S3 ..... XOLO - phones are pretty good..i never faced any problem so far so , no need of customer care....and service doesnt matter much.....this is not a big deal...all r almost equal and XOLO - X1000 is damn good ...Value for money....noone can beat XOLO in terms of features they r giving at that price level....u just see X1000 - rs. 19k ...AND GETTING ALL features what u will get in others like HTC , APPLE , SAMSUNG ...in 30-40 K price....so i am not that much freal of Brand value...even Intel is also a big brand...even all laptops and apple too use intel processors..... my rating for XOLO is 4.8 / 5 ----I AM HAPPY WITH XOLO......compare features u will be convinced urself ....for bying XOLO - Boz the Next level starts from here
see guys if you guys use your brains... its very easily understood that all the above comments of 5 stars are rated by the xolo company people itself. The company xolo is a cheating company ... once they made name for them selves they downgraded the chipset of of q800. and this Q1000 you cant move your apps to external sd card and you are short on sensors. Most importantly their customer service .... god knows how worst it is...."WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE" its ur KARMA that you choose this mobile. if you are paying 15 k for this q1000 u r absolutely wasting your money. you have options in this price range like GIONEE E3, MICROMAX CANVAS 116, etc. If you people wait for some days there are new set of 1.5 ghz QUADCORE processors are coming to the market. BE AWARE OF THE CHEATING COMPANY XOLO. IT DESERVES 0 STARS. i am giving 1 because i cant give zero stars.
SIMPLY A WORTH MOBILE WITH RESPECT TO APPLICATION & UTILITY AND SPECIFICATION, BUILD QUALITY, HAVING SAME CHIPSET WHICH HAS BEEN USED IN SONY XPERIA C COSTING AROUND 19K. PROS : 1. PERFORMANCE WISE BEATS THE MANY BRANDED PHONES 2. CAMERA OUTPUT IS BETTER, IMPRESS THE RESULTS IN DAY LIGHT 3. BATTERY BACKUP IS AVERAGE 12-18 HOURS DEPENDING ON NORMAL USAGE IN DUAL ACTIVE SIM. 4. SUPPORTS GOOD INTERNET CONNECTIVITY FOR SKYPE IN 2G & 3G. 5. GPS NAVIGATION HAS BEEN TESTED, FOUND TO BE UP TO MARK WITH ANY SAMSUNG PHONE 6. SOUND OUTPUT IS GOOD FOR NORMAL USAGE AND HANSDFREE GIVES A GOOD MUSIC QUALITY BUT BUILT OF CHEAPER MATERIAL. 7. PREMIUM LOOKS WITH STEEL RIM AND BETTER QUALITY. THESE ARE THE BENCHMARK HAVE BEEN TESTED ON MY XOLO Q1000 : Vellamo HTML 5 :1405 Vellamo METAL :413 CPU PRIME BENCHMARK : 2700 - 2805 ANTUTU : 13378 CONS. 1. LACK FOR UI CUSTOMISATION. 2. LACK OF PREMIUM ACCESORIES LIKE FLIP COVER, BACK COVERS IN MARKET 3. NO SUPPORT FROM XOLO CARE FOR ANY SOFTWARE UPDATE. 4. BATTERY CHARGING TAKES AROUND 3-5 HOURS FOR A FULL CHARGE FROM 10% to 100 %. THE ONLY DISAPPOINTING FACTOR IS THAT THERE IS NO FUTURE SUPPORT FROM XOLO TEAM FOR ANY SOFTWARE UPGRADES EVEN YOU POST ON XOLO OFFICIAL PAGE,THEY WILL NOT REPLY. XOLO HAS NO VISION FOR AFTER SALES CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SATISFACTION, THEY JUST BUSY IN LAUNCHING NEW MODELS (AS THOSE ARE FOUND TO BE COMPETITIVE TO FORIEGN BRANDS IN QUALITY AND BUILD). THEY LAUNCH PRODUCT AND FORGET IT AS THEY SEEMS TO BE AROGANT ON THEIR QUALITY. SO IF YOU A LOOKING FOR A BUDGET QUAD CORE PHONE, YOU MAY GO FOR XOLOQ1000 , BUT JUST KEEPING IN MIND THAT THE SPARES& PREMIUM ACCESORIES FOR THE PHONE MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN FUTURE AND NO SUPPORT FOR SOFTWARE UPDATION.
I bought this phone for my sis and she is very happy with this phone. Build Quality is OK Phone feels very smooth to use. Audio amplitude is a bit low so music lovers may get frustated about this. Looks are very good . Temperature rises a bit. Gaming performance is good like other similar devices. Display is also very good. Negatives is only the audio amplitude other than that very good device. BTW XOLO Devices don't give good aftermarket services and they don't reply to their online emails and "reach us" section. So think it as china phone only. Don't keep good hopes from XOLO
This phone heats up really quickly due to the quad core processors and switches off. Do NOT make calls on this phone or keep the internet on if you buy it. Pretty good smartphone aye? It's been nearly 6 months since I made my complaint and now finally Xolo has agreed to replace my phone but are not ready to give the same phone. I'm currently negotiating for a Q800 although it's most likely that they might give me a Q700. Impeccable customer service :/ This is worse than the worst China made phone one can ever think of. Buy at your own risk. If you think my review was flawed, please visit other websites and reviews, this phone lasts for a maximum of 1 year. Stay away.
I bought this phone 3 days back but its giving me problems. Power button is not working properly. Phone is randomly switch-off and switch-on , even not able make a call. Customer care I tried to call but its not usefull
First off, I did not purchase the phone from flipkart. but still thought will give warning to all those who are planning to buy this phone.. Purchased this phone in June first week. the Problem started in the first week itself, Display started flickering. after shutdown and downtime of 4-5 hrs, it returned to normal. Then after 1 month of purchase, the Display went dark, unable to see anything, this would randomly happen for couple of hours then return to normal all by itself. after that for 3 days it entirely went dark. then since last 3 days, the display has gone Opaque, with overlay of vertical lines, making it hard to see anything. So ultimately bad decision to buy xolo. And the customer care is non-existent, sent an sms from phone itself, but no call back. Wrote a mail but no response even after 4 days of sending them a mail. overall a very bad experience. Dont Buy.
Never buy any product from this pathetic company with the worst of services and after sales. You keep mailing them regarding any query and problem and they will NEVER get back to you. My Xolo went dead in just around 25 days and to get it repaired, I first had to call customer care number which got connected in half an hour after several tries and file a complaint. Then I had to send the device to a collection point around 25 Kms from my place. They will send the device to service centre which is 4 Kms from my place just because I cannot go directly to the service sentre. They claim to repair the handset in 5 days. Its 10 days now and there is still no update on the handset. They keep saying to wait for another 48 hours. If you want to buy a handset from such a company, then God Save You. If you think this is a fake review, my complaint number is 310000081294 Xolo Q1000. Try it by calling their customer care number.
How to play games like nfs most wanted,asphalt,Nova 3,Real Racing because apps are by default installed on phone storage.This games have an extra files which are in excess of 1.7GB provided in the phone memory...i have tried swapping,link 2 sd..none of them are working..pls do help...waitn 4 rply!!
though magnetic sensors seems to be built in, it IS NOT working at all. Xolo site previously said it has magnetic sensor, but now they removed this feature it from their official site too. IT IS THE VERY BASIC feature for GOD's sake. PLUS awful customer service. Tried calling, emailing, but all was in VAIN.
Its the best because of mainly these feature difference and secondly due to better quality in comparison to other Indian smartphone makers and features like OTA updates. 1.Its has IPS display with 5 finger multi-touch and scratch resistant Dragon trail glass. 2.Its does record and play in 1080p and also best camera due to BSI sensor in front and back cameras compared to only 720p and no BSI sensor of canvas HD. 3.Preloaded android 4.2 jelly bean compared to 4.1JB of canvas HD. 4.Better battery with 10hour(3G) and 14 hours(2G) compared to 5/6 hours of canvas HD.
Hi All, Thank you all for your feedback. I was planing to buy this phone buy you guys have opened up my eyes. In India companies do not care about customer. They just provided pathetic product/service and make quick money and run away. Insted of spending million on TV promotion, gettin TV start to promote their phone, they (LAVA) shaould have opted to improve service/product quality and increase customer satisfaction.
Something is wrong with the xolo brand & lots of retailers stopped selling xolo because of defective products and poor after sales service......! It is good phone, I agree But If m paying 13K for this phone, then I expect good sales service......! And what we can do with the warranty of 1 yr, If we not get proper customer support..................! So frds If 13K value for U then avoid there irresponsible BRANDS.....At this point U can get SONY M, SONY L, NOKIA LUMIA 620............! At lest ur money is Safe and SONY mobiles are more durable with awesome sound quality in the headphone.......! Even U can go for SAMSUNG, low range of SAMSUNG product are garbage....only higher range of SAMSUNG mobile are good example;- NOTE 2, NOTE 3, S3, S4, and one Average phone GRAND......., Other then there SAMSUNG is good for nothing......!
Poor service backup, attitude and approach of the customer case and servicing team. I purchased this product on 17th June and since then fighting with one and all for this defective piece. response is just like "sarkari department" where no one cares for the customer's difficulties.
This phone seemed bad.. But it promised some amazing specs for the price. So I bought it anyway. Turns out, AMAZING. Have been using this phone for about more than an year now. No problems whatsoever. No lags, no spikes, no software problems. I have been recommending XOLO to everyone asking for an opinion.. BUY IT. Better than other new phones having almost similar price tags.
the flipkart was cheated me I AM purchased xolo q1000 so they will send defective mobile so asked the replacement so the flipkart was no replay & can't respoance so asked the job sheet so i am go to the service center so we will get the job sheet so job sheet was send to flipkart But the fkipkart was it is not valid jobsheet was invalid so replacement was cancelled thease are the problem please help the mobile was not worked
I purchased XoloQ1000 around 13200 INR some 6-7 month back. It's damn crap product. there's many fault in product, I sent it to service center where they repair it along with Micromax mobiles. I was told it is repaired but when I checked, it was not repaired, simply they re-set the company setting. They take around 3-4 weeks for repairing. Most of mobile are sent to Delhi for repairing where lots of dispute is going on. Good: Picture quality: Bad: Speaker sound are very low, mobiles gets heat up easily, battery does not last for 7-8 hrs, new battery is not available easily in market. Most of software does not work. Company response to customer care is very poor.
I br8 this fone from a local store at nearly rs 12500 . i was very excited to use this fone as i knew the specs were awsome also the screen was full hd ips .thepicture reproduction was gr8. but as its said always dont judge a book by its cover till 1 month the fone was working fine but after that it started to give weird problems .. 1. the call volume was too low ,i tried evrything still same problem 2. audio jack was not working i tried many earphones still// 3.now the most imp thing BATTERY wat to say abt battery ,, i had to carry my charger everywhere..1st the fone got charged to 100% in 20 mins then it dint even last for 10 mins ..the atter drained at the rate of 1% per 5 seconds or so. i changed d battry from a local store still d same problem.. then after loosing all hopes i went to xolo service centre before me there werre more than 10-12 persons fightng for their phone .. the people in service centre are so rude and dont have any behaviour on hw to speak to customers.. i atlast gave my phone to them having little hope .. they told i will get the phone after 1 week.then they told after 1 more weeeks ... this way the phone was with them for more than 1 months .. the customer care number are always busy and they never help.. i somehw got the phone back and it was still not repaird i lost all hopes and have br8 a good phone now frm a trusted company even if the rice is high still it is upto my exception... i am happy with my new phone now .. the shit known as xolo is R.I.P For me and is laying peacefully somewhere. idont know where .. IT WAS A GOOD EXPERIENCE FOR ME TO NEVER BUY XOLO PHONES WHENEVER MY FRIEND ASKS ME TO SUGGEST A PHONE FOR HIM I TELL ANYTHING OTHER THAN XOLO THANKS FOR READING AND HOPE U THINK TWICE BEFORE BUYING XOLO PHONES P.S AND YES THIS IS NOT MY FIRST XOLO PHONE I HAD XOLO A500 BEFORE THAT SUCKED TOO THANKS FOR READING
With this price it is a wonderful phone to have. I have been using it for past 6 months, it never hanged or restarted. I've been playing FIFA and it never lagged. with a wifi connection we can update and play with ease. Overall thumbs up to XOLO.. the next level
Excellent product .... real value for money .... have been using it for more than 6 months without any problems
Very happy with the over all function. for people who fancy a S3 or nexus 4 but are on a budget, expect for an Amoled screen and NFC, the Xolo Q1000 is the best pick, I picked it up for Rs 11999 with a 10% discount for using HSBC debit card ( extra Bonus ;-), however the price has reduced since then. Camera 8MP is amazing for this price, multitouch screen, touch sensativity gud, the black piece looks amazing would beat any highend phone on the looks,and many more function a normal user could. And the top it WS Retails does what it does best Delivery time always before time and flipkarts after sale service is excellant
Thanks for flipkart who deliverd the product with 3 days even the badlapur location..And product also is very good. nice mobile in 10k budget
Received the mobile just in a day. Xolo models are taking over the market these days. very cool phone. Got a extra scratch guard in the box
I am writing this review after 6 months of use(I am a heavy user and i play a lot of games) Pros: 1. Superb display in this segment. 2. Good battery backup(it looks like stock android only) 3. Not much apps running in background like samsung due to which XOLO q1000 is LAG free. 4. All apps can be moved to SD card so storage is not a problem. 5. Camera is good.(can record 1080p videos). 6. A must app XOLO POWER increases the battery backup to 40% more. 7. U can play almost all games(i have played NFS most wanted, NOVA 3, ASPHALT 8, DEAD TRIGGER 2, FIFA and much more heavy games) 8. once it fall down from my roof(around 15 feet) still it survived (though i got some scratches on back side), thats the build quality of the phone. Cons: 1. No back Cover and software update available till now.
You are on your own luck if you buy this product. Its service centers are providing very poor service all over India and you may have to wait around 1 month to get back your phone from repair. my phone is with them from last 1 month.
i am using this mobile for more than 3 months.. its very nice and so far so good... only the internal memory is less.. if it is increased this mobile is so super
The look and feel of the phone is nice. It is thin and sleek. Must handle it with care as it has a slight tendency to slip. The box contents are shipped in the same colour as that of the phone. There is a scratch guard included in the box content. Take care in applying it. The scratch guard are seldom available in the market. The 5 inch HD display is sharp and brilliant. The touch sensitivity is great. My Xolo Q1000 was shipped with android 4.2.1. The HDR picture and full HD video clarity of the rear camera is very decent. The front camera also looks good with the BSI sensor. The camera button of the phone is placed in the wrong spot because while pressing the button the camera lens and the flash is blocked. The projection on the rear camera can scratch its glass while placed on a non smooth surface. I would recommend a smooth pouch instead of a case for the phone to protect the rear camera glass. The costumer care call centre of Xolo is not satisfactory. Do not complain for battery backup if you are a hard user. If you are a average user, you will be surely satisfied with the battery backup. It would have been better if the phone had a compass. Pros: Display Touch sensitivity Thin and sleek Cons: Camera button Rear camera projection Costumer care call centre Lacks a compass
nothing is good...... no service nothing.... if negative is there i will rate negative.... i don have worst worrds to explain.... please dont buy this mob......
I m a xolo user and its hardware is a big problem. When you look at this phone, it gives you a premium image and you feel the build quality also great. However, problem begins any time. For me it started with in 3 months. - Ear piece stopped working. I mean I could not hear to anything spoke to me, however loud speaker worked. Took the phone to dealer from i bought it. He asked me to contact XOLO care and then do accordingly. Kept trying XOLO care and finally logged a complaint. But no response what so ever! Then went to a care center on CMH road, Indiranagar, Bangalore to give it out for repair. Ended up figuring out that place was just a collection center and repair would happen somewhere else. To my surprise there 4-5 people more with XOLO phones with different models who had exactly same problem as I had. This gave me enough indications that XOLO phones have their hardware bad. Then I asked how long would it take to get it repaired and got know that minimum 10 days!. Mind it minimum 10 days!!! There was another customer standing there who was disgusted, and informed that his mobile is in service center from last one month!!!! Then immediately decided that I will get it reparied outside and got the speaker thing fixed outside for 1000/- Now, I have issue with GPS. GPS is not working!!!. Keeps searching for ever!!! So, no more XOLO phones again, Sorry XOLO guys, you just suck
I love this phone when its come first time in my hand. Look is great and its performance is amazing. i am using this phone for about 4 months and i don't find a single lag or hang till now.Very little lag when heavy games like Frontline Commando playing.
Bang for ur buck (in terms of hardware). I have been using this for 4 months, bought thru _bay.in. Running multiple apps in parallel is just a breeze. My last phone was LG P500 - excellent hardware, on which I was still running Android 4.2 without issues :-) Q1000 has(or rather HAD) issues. Of the two SIM cards, one stopped working which needed an occasionally reboot - or swapping of the two sims to different slot(only one SIM had 3g data, was a pain). Random reboot once in 2 months. Lost the default launcher, keyboard settings on every reboot (v.v.annoying for me) and lock screen was not customizable(ie, adding music player widget or message widgets on the lock screen), FM radio reception was fluctuating and had a below average camera software with a bad auto focus. Now for the reason I am giving it 4 stars: 1. Build quality very good. After dropping a few times, only minor scratches on back cover. Wifi and 3g speeds are blazing fast, bluetooth works. BEAUtiful screen, simply awesome. Earphones are OK, Viper/AC!D audio engine (ACID break video recording) etc makes audio an amazing experience. Camera is decent (stock camera app and stock ROM are crappy), auto-focus speed is an issue. Graphics is awesome, video playback is very very good (but i don't play much games, so cant comment about battery life). In general, with moderate to heavy use, battery lasts a day and a half. 2. Most of the issues were solved by software and custom ROMs. This hardware is the same as Cherry mobile Omega HD 2.0 of Philippines. There is a very active Facebook page with a lot of custom development happening for this hardware. I was able to root it easily. I have been running various custom ROMs - galaxy s4, s4 mini, hdc s4, miui. About to test the xperia Z1 and Lewa OS. Very happy with the Lenovo super camera and super gallery applications. Also have a Q800 in the family, no issues there either. XOLOs choice of hardware is good. Software is simply crappy. As for their after sale support, touchwood, thank god, insha alla, I have not had the need for them yet. As close you can get to S4 at this price. Update: Using it now for over a year now. This phone has seen quite a few falls - few dents and metallic rim damaged at a few places. I didn't put on screen guard after first 2-3 months or use - screen is STILL pristine thanks to the dragon tail glass. My last three custom ROMs(kitkat based) gave good boost to available RAM. CPU and GPU still going strong, though battery is at the end of its life. The glass on the back camera has developed scratches due to my rough usage. As good a new gen phone quadcore CPU like MTK 6582, better in some areas.
high on features but the navigation present is not good , the lack of magnetron sensor makes it inaccurate........
I had purchased a XOLO X900 for Rs 17500 in the month of November 2012, with a one year guarantee, suddenly in the month of May I started facing network issues, against which I tried contacting the customer care, I had to call for more than 50 time just to get my Cell phone picked up for repair, Finally After 20 days of continuous call ans series of mails the handset got picked up from my address, and was sent to Delhi Service centre. As per there company policy i was suppose to get my hand set back after 5 working days, but i waited for 20 long days, I got my ph. Back, when I received it, I discovered that the problem was not resolved and they had sent it back to me in the same condition, I decided to keep quite for a month, I decided to came down to Bangalore, thought i would personally go get it repaired, and so i did, i made a ph. Call to the customer care took another complain no. and dropped my handset in the service centre myself as on 12/9/2013 , after a month they say that we cannot do anything about it, as the company has stopped manufacturing the network censors. So the offered me for a refund of Rs. 10000 or other handset worth 11300. IS it the costomers fault or the companies fault, why do I have to bare the loss for company, now the company is doing nothing but cheating people, if they knew there is some defect with the handset then why did they choose to sell it in the stores??? Its been more than 6 months that i have been facing the trouble.
service after sales is bakwas, people should never buy mobile of this brand, it will better if you throw money insted of buying this one at least you know you are throwing own money
I am writing this review after 1 month of usage Positives: Very sturdy Slim, fits easily into pocket Resolution is very good Touch is very good Battery is also decent on dual sim as well as roaming, get 24 hrs on Normal usage, i am not into games Has not hanged even once in last one month Music quality is very good, i am using Apple earphone along with Poweramp app downloaded from Google play store Processor is fast Internet browsing is also very smooth Emails work well Looks are decent What could have been better: Internal memory and RAM Flip cover should be included in the box, though bought good one from one of the online sites. Magnetic sensor should also be there Over all a very good product from Xolo and at decent price.
1st of all Excellent service from Flipkart pros:- 1.Slim, awesome design, back cover is too good and also good to handle(some say that it might slip from hand but never happened wid me til now) 2.GPU is good.. can play many games without lag. 3.Provided screen cover is good 4.Good battery life. 5.Camera is good, pics are little grainy but looks good when not zoomed. 6.Has face lock feature. you can unlock mobile with it.. Excellent feature Cons:- 1. Battery drain fast from 100 to 80% fast if not charged for extra half and hour after completing 100%.(Solved it with Easy battery saver app) 2. In settings it show external USB device , so XOLO should have provided us with on to go chord. 3.XOLO should have provided a flip cover as its very difficult to find for such a new design. i think Xolo will be one of the top five mobile manufacturers in world
Bought this on 27th June, so about 2 weeks now, and it works great. Better in every way than my Samsung Galaxy S2. If the phone does not have any quality issues for a year, I might just never buy a 'big brand' phone again. Only complaint is the exposed camera which is pretty prone to damage. Note: I don't do any gaming at all.
It is the 17th day I am using this mobile called Xolo Q1000. Slight variation may be there from piece to piece. Pros and Cons so far after extensive use. Cons: 1. After watching a video for 5 odd minutes the piece gets heated up. 2. It takes 4-5 hours for complete charge (2100maH). Charger gets heated up on charging. 3. Output volume is low. 4. Auto Brightness adjustment is horrible. 5. Just @2.5GB internal+phone memory. 6. Battery drains up very quickly on surfing on the net, watching videos, playing games etc. 7. Video calling is a little bit disappointing factor. 8. Lack of good Customer Service. 9. Lack of Sensors. Pros: 1. Good 5 inch HD IPS LCD Capacitive Display. (no pixelation) 294 ppi.16.7 M Colours. 2. 1.2 GHz Quad Core MT6589 processor & PowerVR SGX544 GPU is damn good. 3. Healthy 1GB RAM (640MB Usable). No lags. (Games run smooth) 4. 3G Speed is Magnificent. Maxing my internet connection. 5. Latest Android Jellybean installed in it. 6. Expandable to 32GB. I have added 16GB. Accessing memory is jubilant. 7. It is not bulky. Fits easily in the hand. 8. 8 MP AF Primary Camera with BSI Sensor with single LED flash and Full HD Recording is above average. 9. Dual SIM (3G+3G). 10. Bluetooth 4.0, 42 Mbps HSDPA,11 Mbps HSUPA. 11. HDR works well. On Light usage, it even lasts 3 days, 2 days for moderate and 15-16 hrs for heavy usage. Talk-time is pretty good. White piece looks gorgeous. Reading content on it is fabulous.
phone is awesome...using this phone since one week Display, camera, build quality is superb and battery backup is one day... Only thing is volume of music is little bit low other than that phone is superb and I'm loving it.....
Phone is too gud to use... Clarity and Display is awesome... Much better than Canvas HD I feel but to survey other options for everything including ur budget b4 making a purchase..............................................................................
Hands on Review for Q1000 (Black) A Premium Smartphone: Just like all Xolo's made till now... even this 1 gets Beautiful design & Build quality. Even if its a 5 inch phone its very Slim n perfectly fits in your palm. Most impressive part is the Display which wont disappoint u.. Its Bright, Crisp and More Vivid.. A Good Display with very High Details.. This outlook Gives Q1000 a Premium Look. For Performance Users: ohk.. Its Mediatek's 6589 Quadcore... i didn't try with loads of apps.. but it shouldn't give any lags even if u install 80+ apps with some always running in background and SGX 544 Graphics chip is not bad for Gaming ... You wont miss out your favorite Game.. i own Xolo A800 which has SGX 531 which is from the previous Generation of PowerVR series and i can Run all my favorite Games Properly. So, Graphics shouldn't create any problems in Gaming. For Photographers: It does has 8MP cam and yes it does Shoot video in 1080p. But don't expect its Imaging like of Galaxy S3 or HTC ONE X+. Coz that can Disappoint u. 1080p video is not up to mark...Sometimes Video gets blured. recording in 720p is only better. It gives around 12,000 data rate & 30 Frames per Second is enough for a good quality video output. Storage(Important for Gamers) : Internal Flash storage is 1GB that's nice. u get only 2GB for phone Memory. Still When Installing very Big applications u wont have any problem, for SD card you may buy one nice 32GB class 10 Memory card and since it runs on Android Jelly Bean OS u may Swap it with your Phone Memory. so u can load as many Big Games or apps on ur Phone. After Sales Service: Sad but its True, as many have already said.. Xolo's Service really sucks... even on Xolo's Facebook Fan page they wont respond to you... They do respond to your Calls but it may be in vain. Still Fingers crossed. They are improving day by day. So i don't consider service as a Con.. Overall this phone can be a good buy at a price bucket of 15k, but it lacks a Magnetic Field Sensor. so compass app will act dumb when installed ;-) . Rest all assured. i rate it 4/5 as i am not satisfied with its Imaging capabilities. Imaging is same as Q800.
I Waited for a long time to get Xolo Q1000 black colour and finally i got it. The display resolution is great when compared with other brand runnings models and also the hardware performance for high end games is very good, it delivers without hanging.... Camera clarity is really very good with 8 mega pixel. I feel the hear phone does not sound great as expected.
Hey guyz i got it the day after booking... Its just amazing... Xolo rocks... Build quality is better than canvas hd.. Touch is vry vry good... Display isss so crispy... Video playback experience is just ossmmm.... Camera is comparable to DSLR... Games runnn smooth on this phone due to 286mhz gpu nd quad core... 1gb ram is sufficent.. User interface is android's own... Video wallpapers,wifi display and many more features to exploree... Sound quality is pleasant on both earphone nd speaker.. Just buy it... Dont thnk second tym... All-in one.. Amazing.. M loving it... Its my 4th android phone i used xperia L,galaxy s2,lg ootimus one believe me its better among all.....
I bought xolo q1000 3 weeks back.The look of the phone is great.Camera quality is superb,Display is awsome,gaming on the phone is outstanding,no lags at all.Played dead trigger,contract kill2,Asphalt-7,sub way surfer etc.The graphics on the phone is superb.No lag at all.Movie watching on the phone rocks.......The sound of the phone is ok.Finally thanks to flip kart for delivering the phone within 3 days time........Thanks....
Writing this review after using the Phone for a week, researched a lot and bought this phone finally from retail store for 14k. Pros: 1.Processor & RAM: I filled my mobile with high end games and apps but still performance is as good as a fresh phone with basic apps. 2.It has latest version of android OS v4.2 (jelly Bean) 3.Camera (8 MP) quality is way better than any mobile which comes for 14K , also secondary camera quality was awesome when I tried with skype. 4.Screen: Display quality is awesome as it is IPS screen. 5.Battery: Here is the Hero, Guys It’s 5’ Inch IPS touch screen and battery backup is awesome. Wifi keeps running for the entire day still I get good backup. Cons: 1.Mobile Heats up little bit (of course, U take any Phone there is alwayz) 2.Phone is slippery, because of Back Cover . 3.It takes 3 Hrs to charge completely (might be coz It has 2100 mAh) 4.It shows only 1.7GB Internal memory ,Where is the rest (2 GB)?. My overall rating for this phone would be 9/10, but I am giving 5 Stars. Better phone in 14K budget.
i have bought this phone yesterday and the is just amazing, a far good from micromax canvas hd and those who are saying that magnetic sensor does not work (who use it or who use compass) the best thing is that it supports 42.2 mbps speed of internet, gaming is good, screen is flawless,vivid sharp 720 p.i have not experienced any problem yet and battery backup is around 8 hrs,build quality is superb, and phonee is very slim.so for theis guys....
Hi guys Friday I bought q 1000 in Bangalore and phone is awesome... Display, camera is superb and battery backup I'm getting one day... At this range this phone is really worth.... Only thing is hearing and ringing volume is little bit low other than that phone is superb and I'm loving it.....
1)XOLOQ1000 IS THE BEST MOBILE AT THIS PRICE IT HAS EVERY THING IN CAMERA(1080P WITH BSI HDR),GREAT DESIGN(DRAGONTRAIL GLASS),HARDWARE(QUAD CORE),SOFTWARE(ANDRIOD 4.2),DISPLAY(720P HD). 2)I AM GAMER SO I WANTED TO BYE THIS MOBILE BUT IT LACKED GYROSENSOR. XOLOQ800 HAS A GYRO SENSOR BUT IT LACKED TOUGH GLASS AND MT6589M CHIPSET WHICH CANNOT RECORD 1080P VIDEOS. 3)XOLO PLS LAUNCH A MOBILE WHICH HAS THE FEATURES OF XOLOQ1000 WITH GYROSENSOR AND 2370MAH OR 3450 MAH BATTERY. PLS XOLO
I think xolo changed thier chipset in q800 with MT6589M (first MT6589 ONLY) so now the option is only q1000 in xolo I have just checked xolo site to check the chipset even im confused now to buy q800 or q1000
Received this piece 2 weeks back, 1. 1.2 GHz Quad core really makes it super fast 2. Good camera quality with features like panoramic view 3. 1280 x 720=294 ppi resolution and 5 inch screen : good video viewing experience 4. Good wifi connectivity 5. Navigator facility ( practically used navigator to travel from Tarnaka to BHEL in hyderabad, worked well ) 6. Audio is somewhat low 7. Have to charge the battery daily once 8. Struck once when switching between applications Overall rating is 4.8/5.0
First and foremost, the look of this phone is WOW! Really looks sleek and so stylish. The plastic used on this display gives a premium feel and the back panel is butter smooth and shiny. It is scratch resistant and it has In plane switching and 5 finger touch. Overall build Quality is good.The Quad core processor makes working on this phone ultra fast. Scrolling screens is ultra smooth. The Q1000 is powered by the 1.2 Ghz Quad-core processor, and has the PowerVR SGX 544 Graphics chipset which is clocked at 286Mhz.The camera quality is very good. The HDR gives high clarity crisp images and image quality in low lighting is also very good. The front cam is also good. It serves well for video calling.The battery lasts a day on moderate gaming, browsing through wifi, music and video playback. This phone is worth the money paid.
1. Q1000 DOES NOT HAVE MAGNETOMETER AND GYROSCOPE where as its earlier version Q800 has it. 2. Canvas A116HD HAS conference call. 3. Is Q1000 a 16million color screen ? 4. Canvas has additional features like Night Mode, Creative and Shoot Stop-motion, Burst Mode, Zoom - 4x, White Balance, Color Effect & Scene Mode. 5. Which is a better buy ? Q1000 should have come up without these deficiencies - then it was a clear option for a buy.
First of all veryyy Verry congrats too Xolo braNd fo MakinG a wow phoNe.the phone z jUz aweOsme ..but lack of Ram n proccessor.ram should be 1.5 gb minimum.n processor must be above 1.5 GHZ....but except this two ...phoNe. Z juz wOw ......
The price is slightly Higher compared to other . Infact better products (higher specs) Like Wammy Passion from Wickedleak which has sold in very high quantites and is almost same if not better on specs. My freind got one. I like Xolo brand but the price seems high. Xolo should reduce the price if the are looking to sell more as i saw an handson and this set is no differet than micromax a116 or wammy passion.
I am writing this review after using the phone for 1 yr 5 months. In this period it hanged only 3-4 times. that too when I switched between fifa and other games. Display is damn good. performance is much better than moto g. being an app freak, the only problem with this phone is 4GB inbuilt memory. I have to clear the cache and phone data whenever i want a new app (may be because I do lot of 3D gaming). XOLO should release an update to this phone. It is still running with the stock OS jellybean. I bought it for 13k (Nov '13) and no complaints about it, coz at that time I had a very reliable and true gaming phone. Battery is too good, it lasts a day long even with internet and apps running. Overall I would give 4.5/5.
I Used this phone for nearly on 1 yr,they wer few bugs and problems with this phone. First of all this phone takes nearly 5 hrs to charge fully ,the calibration of battery is not so good,from 100% to 90% it drops very fast and for 1% it come for 45mins backup. Second is it so weighty. The auto brightness mode does not works well..the screen gets dead when any object is placed in front of phone. It don't connect to the internet for many networks like docomo,uninor,bsnl... For the first it dont have an update. after one yr it was lacking in performance.Dont know wats wrong wid it. And the most irritating prb is the internal storage of phone fills up everytime ,even after u move many apps to external memory.For this u have to reset phone after some consecutive weeks...you can play games but with low resolutions or heavy games. The camera is the only liking part of this phone. OVERALL THE PHONE IS NOT WORTH AND AFTER CUSTOMER'S SERVICE IT IS VERY POOR. PLZ DONT O WITH XOLO!!!!
This is worst phone.. Do not purchase any XOLO mobile..their customer service also worst..my mobile was not working I repaired it from xolo care but within 10 hour faced same problem...so do not waste your money..you can buy mobile like MOTO G, Lumia etc.
The Product was good for couple of months, but recently i faced the issue that the Phone is not charging up. It might charge ones in a week but again it wont get charged, I am pretty sure it is not because of the battery When I googled I found many such similar issue with XOLO phones. Any ways I am going for the service this weekend. Will update you guys on the XOLO service soon.
The support for the phone has been so far the worst in the industry so far. My Xolo phone ran into display issues within the warranty period. I have given the phone for servicing @ service point in Bangalore on the may 06/14 (work order number: 310000411312). Today is 13th of October. Till now I haven't got my phone back. The only response that I get is that the phone is still with the xolo company. it is still under repair. Perhaps it is non-repairable. Such a horrible service. The worst that i have seen in the industry.Low cost means horrible service. No more XOLO! -Jerry
Had heating and charging issue within month after buy this phone, also worst service I had ever seen, due to service people can not trust on indian company like XOLO, Micromax etc.
i had taken xolo opus 1000 3months back and now its touch screen is not working properly i had called xolo service and even written to them but there was no reply. i recomend not to buy xolo product coz of very poor service
I am purchase XOLO Q1000 before 3 moths but there are many problems in this phone since i am purchase.I show this to service center but problem continuous arise.
I purchased XOLO Q 1000 sometime in Oct’13 (NOT from flipkart - probably if I could have bought it from flipkart - I could have saved my time jumping around after sales/service shops). I faced battery charging problem in July/Aug’14 (just in 10 odd months) – Battery doesn’t get charged even by 1%. Initially I thought it must be battery problem – so i got another battery – but I was wrong. With frustration I thought it must be the battery pin issue – I touched the battery pin and it broke. Later I went to service center – they said its hardware tampering and now it is out of warranty. I said OK – tell me how much it would cost to repair. After few days they said it would cost 2300/- for repairing the phone. I said OK and go ahead with the repair – while I asked them whether it would work after the battery pins are replaced – they said yes – as I said them the charging problem is before the pin got broken. It almost 3 weeks now – and they are saying its a PCB problem - which would cost half of the phone cost. My suggestion – Please don’t buy any XOLO phone. One of my office colleague also had same battery charging issue. I have now ordered RedMI – with the hope that I wont get all these issues.
Performance for operations is excellent, means software and processor are very very efficient. But hardware is very weak part, handle with care. Damages if gets some strock.
this is a amezing handset i think one discredit is this phone has no internet connectiviy on tata virgin and docomo no update available
I submitted my cell phone since 1.5 month back for certain issues having in it,but it is still in xolo factory(noida) and whenever I call them regarding status they all say the same thing that it is under repairing.
I am using this phone for 10 months now. No issue till now. Its display is just awsome.You will enjoy watching HD videos on it. Its touch-xp is also highly responsive. I have played high-end games like Asphalt8 on it. I have expanded it to 32GB, and minimal 2 GB free space in SD card. Still its performance is same & no hanging etc. Overall...a readlly good phone from XOLO.
This phone is excellent in camera, sound system, sleek design, display. But the battery goes down quickly even if we don't switch on the mobile data. And the most worrying thing is that after a month the phone starts hanging.
Guys, please don't buy xolo devices. Its worst customer care is very annoying. If you get any problem in your handset or accessories you need to wait for months together. Please please don't give your money to them. They will not treat you as a customer and keep redirecting between service centers and customer care. You will loose your time. I have xolo q1000 handset and I got battery problem. They took my battery for replacement and its been close to 2 months. I haven't got my batery. Just wasting my time.
i purchased almost 6 month back. it touch pad got broken some how. there is no availability of touch pad ..it will come along with display attached. poor response from service center. no display accessories in shops neither in online. charging problem .it will take 5 to 6 hrs for fully charge up. so recommended please don't by this one
I got xolo Q1000. The product was working fine for six months with minimal problems like low volume. After that my display went off. I did give it for service in Chennai. It is now more than 50 days and the mobile is still in service. They don't known when they can deliver my handset to me. Xolo is a worst mobile.
The phone which I got is a faulty one. Its data cable is not working and the display gets off while using it. Its really a piece of useless item for me. This is my first purchase from Flip Kart. I am really disappointed.
Happy with this product. Delivery time was accurate as mentioned while purchasing. Battery life (in one charge) is good. Good mobile in low cost.
Too bad... low price phone.. dint even last a month.. Screen goes off in a month, leaving you helpless... Don't go for this phone
Friends dont buy this product anymore. Such a very worst phone and service is very very very bad. Component used which it was very very bad quality. within a year of purchase , you will face lot of problems.
First of all, I appreciate the excellent service and quick delivery of the item from Flipkart. Coming to the Xolo Q1000, the phone has an excellent design and has very decent look. The display and sound quality is very good. The process speed is awesome. The phone is worth the price but has some drawbacks. The drawbacks are while playing the videos, as soon as the video starts, the screen is getting black. When the screen touched, again video starts and immediately getting black. Might be a software issue. Sometimes, the phone is getting stuck not responding to any command. But it happened very few times. Apart from the above, the phone is good at other features.
Good phone in 10,000 range. The only issue is XOLO have service centre all across India but they send phone to Delhi for all issue which takes more than 30 days for return. More improvement is needed in this area. In this model XOLO has introduced Economic Battery Saving which is disaster. It switch off screen even when we are working on cell.
I have purchased this phone in august 2013 and now this phone suddenly stopped working. it doesn't start at all. Every time whenever i touch on screen it restarts automatically and phone heats up within 20 minutes. Now the condition is that phone is not starting at all. I totally wasted my money. I recommend to all please don't buy this phone.
Good Sound quality and picture results from Camera! For home screen bg - hard to set the things only!
An excellent phone, but the after sales service is PATHETIC. Seems like they have a pertinent issue with most of their phones that it doesn't charge the battery. I've just had 6 parts replaced after months and its still lying dead on my table. The Area Service Manager (whom I've escalated the matter to) answers his phone if he wishes to. They're not ready to give a replacement phone either.
Camera is good look is good colors are good batery back up is not that good need some more battery,or carry a charger with you
don't waste your money on xolo, one month back my brother purchased xolo mobile after a week he faced speaker problem and xolo services are so week, and my brother went to local mobile shop and repaired his mobile. xolo mobiles have good features but cheap material they use. I dont understand why xolo selling there mobiles with out proper service and cheating common people.
Xolo no doubt creates cheap smart phones with good features, but fails to offer service for the same. Service centers are not responsive and are careless. XOLO will perish soon for their bad service. BEWARE BEFORE YOU BUY.
The phone is very good. In this price range I got the best performance in this mobile. I have Xperia M dual also. Bu this Xolo phone's camera wuality is awesome. Battery backup is for 1 day. Display is too good. And screen size is also nice. Luv this phone. Thanks Flipkart!
yes i realy have a good time with your product i really thanks from my heart to flipkart.com for selling me such a good product
i had bought this phone before 4 months, now I've figured out a problem , the battery doesnt stay for long (17 hrs wen its fully charged), and another problem is that , the back panel gets heated when its in use for a long time,(the phone shouts at me telling me to throw it in the water , atleast i would get hot water, LOL). no other problem yet.
Its a very good phone in its price range, Brought it around 6 months back. Very happy with the phone, not a single issue so far. Video, Camera quality is so cool, I really enjoy watching movies on my xolo. Only weakness is in night the camera is not so effective as in daylight. But that's ok, as ur not paying much as per the configuration. All the best..
very good display graphics ,budget phone,hd video playable 1080p,good camera video quality 1080p,slim good
Please dont buy XOLO Phones. My battery got bulged because of over heating. And Company is not responsible for the inbuilt battery problem. What else to say. Think 100 times before buying this thing.
battery doesn't last for more than 3hr's... always have to carry a mobile charger with you all the time....
Battery becomes dead within 6 months, network suddenly goes down - atleast 10 times a day, They tell that it has 4GB intenal memory but they give less than half of that (1.77GB)...totally Xolo Q1000 is a worst phone
bad battery back up please dont buy fone instead buy micromax or samsung need to keep on charging all the time, battery discharge is so fast i need to charge 2 times a day
good mobile in 11k no lags nothing bad issue....using from 3 months .... worth as per config....donno about service centers...but other ...all is well.....flipkart rocks
i got replaced new mobile within 30 day replacement policy.good service from flipkart. good hd display,sleek design,looks premium,easy to operate in one hand. just go for it.
very very good phone i have no problem with my phone.. run hd games like gta 3, avp evolution, nfs most wanted, respawnables, six-guns...with no issue (Y) display colors awesome...
Please Please dont buy XOLO mobile worst service after sale no time time limit i have given my mobile on 28th jan 2014 till today 13th march 2014 no feedback when i will receive my phone
I am not going to tell you about the features I just want to share my experience as I am using this phone from last 2 months ............... Premium looks : If you don't say its XOLO not SAMSUNG ,, nobody can recognize, built quality is so good Display: HD display with one glass solution its a scratch resistant phone so if you are care less it would not let you keep worried about your phones screen scratches and all and additionally video clarity is awesome i compared it with SAMSUNG GRAND & XPERIA C it gives you better picture quality .... Camera: I guess specially boys love photography, isn't it... if you have the same passion for photography and videography this phone is for you .... for camera clarity it is the best 8mp is 8mp and hd recording is also there.... Battery Back-up: For a rough use of HD video play for 2hrs + 1hrs call + 2hrs browsing it left at 20-25% by the end of the day.. Music: not so loud but decent but in earphone its amazing...
One of the best purchases ever made. Its been 7 months now and the smartphone still is in good shape. As now better options are available i would recommend it if you are on a tight budget.
I bought this phone for my friend and Flipkart didn't prove me wrong. Mobile was good, nicely packed and it was same as the information was provided on Website.
Disclaimer: I'm not a techie guy to review about XOLO part by part :) I'm reviewing it just on layman terms. XOLO Q1000 is my first smart phone I bought this on dec 31st and got it delivered in 3 days. I need any major issues excepted for one or two glitches. Pros: 1. Best quality HD video, sound clarity is good for videos, songs and also during phone conversations. 2. When it comes to Games, graphics is so good and worth every penny you spend on this. 3. Google maps with GPS works perfectly fine and i'm loving it. Cons: 1. Battery charging time is more 2. If you are connected to wifi and playing games battery drains out faster, as I mostly use it as a phone :) I'm ok with this battery. 3. I was playing Ashpalt airborne it did crash sometimes or otherwise its alright. Go for it guys.
Must buy...... It value your money...... And buy via flipkart... Awsom service Camera result is unbelievable. Unlike micromax xolo service is awsom. Don't say thank you but advise at least 3 people to buy xoloQ1000 and tell them to give advice others
worst phone i ever bought seriously 15 days and the camera wont work at all i have reset my phone 3 times it forks for some tie but again camera and galery starts to hang.... its a bug in the os.
Very good quality phone at reasonable price, I am falling in love with this product, no lag, work very smooth, can play high end games with it. Camera is quite good but need a few seconds to adjust and focus.
It was good experience with XOLO Q1000 and this is a nice phone. and fast delivery.. Thanks.... i found on screech on camera screen... but it doesn't effect my photo... other then this are good... delivery service was good...
I am using this phone from last 4 months performance is very good ...my speaker has some problem ...service center people take 4 days to fix the speaker............................ SERVICE IS NOT GOOD........
On first day when I started internet after some time it start automatically on-off till I remove battery from mobile.But then after I did not get any problem .
Wow.... Wt a Android Cell Phone. I like it very much. Great Battery backup... nice color in Black.. good resolution.. and delivery time of this product ... amazing yr. Totally i am satisfied this device XOLO Q1000 Thanks Flipkart :)
After purchasing xolo q1000, from second day it started restarting. I requested them to give me a brand new piece to replace this faulty piece but they are not even listening or care.they cheat and make people fool for selling hadsets in few thousands less but what if you can't use that cheap mobile. I advise to donate your hard earned money to needy people instead of buying worst company mobile and wasting your enegy,time,money. so i advised never to buy xolo company mobile in any case even for freely because xolo mobiles are faulty,errorprone,worst and nightmare kind of services,quality,support.
Awesome device and very good performance like other branded device , User friendly and feeling good
Great value for money phone. But my Xolo Q1000 device is having a few problems since a few month post purchase. 1. Phone Ear-piece stops working. I have to go on speaker to have a conversation. I now go on bluetooth handset that become convinient. Also the issue fixes by itself after a few days or so. But its pretty unrealiable as a whole. 2. Bluetooth reset network: Everytime I start my bluetooth headset and try to make a call, mobile network abruptly disconnects, and this happens for each call, minimum 2-3 times before I can get a call connected. I have not even taken efforts to go to the service centre after multiple reviews of worst aftersales services. And the servicecentre is in the extreme end of the city! Sad to see that I cannot give more than 2 stars to Xolo, as I personal want India brands to have a great hold in our market. If anyone has faced similar issues or found solutions do help
About 6 month passed to buying this phone....it never lag..tanx xolo for this nd flipkart also for delivering product so soon....
i buy this product for my friend.before xolo q1000 we have xolo a700 g8 products buy xolo we are very much satisfied from xolo quality.amazing display,g8touch,g8 processor,camera is also good but video recording in 3gp which is old format.other then all good in this phone @ this price.
BOUGHT A Q1000 IN 2013 AND EXACTLY AFTER 5 MONTHS, THE SET STARTED GIVEN PROBLEM IN DISPLAY, TOUCH AND THE VIDEO JUST WOULD NOT OPEN AT ALL. I THOUGHT I WAS LUCKY, BECOZ THE SET SCREWED UP WITHIN A WARRANTY PERIOD. BUT HELL NO!!! THE AFTER SALES SERVICE (AT KALKAJI) IS THE WORST NIGHTMARE. THEY ASKED ME TO SUBMIT MY SET WHICH I WUD GET BACK IN 20 DAYS. NOW, AS I'M TYPING THIS REVIEW, ITS A MONTH ON AND COUNTING. THE HELPLINE DO NOT HAVE INFORMATION ABOUT MY SET AND THE SERVICE CENTRE NO IS CONSTANTLY BUSY OR WAITING. I'M SURE, THEY PLACED THE PHONE INTENTIONAL IN BUSY MODE, BECOS THEY CANNOT COPE OF MILLIONS OF COMPLAIN CALLS COMING. IF U LOVE PEACEFUL LIFE ... STAY AWAY FROM ANY CHEAP PRODUCTS, ESP XOLO
Phone is very much fine. But there is one issue, in phone all apps are installing in phone memory and it is not transferring to the SD card.
I saved my money for a year, to buy a good phone. I had options, but I opted for this just because of its processor. I played a lot of games, ran a lot of apps and this phone supports em all. Amazing phone in a low budget. Totally worth it. Trust me, this is better than mixcromax. If I had to take out flaws, I'd point out that the white color gets dirty soon so buy a cover along. I made the mistake of not buying it together. Do not make that mistake. And get a matte finish too, and get it done from a professional. The white shiny cover which comes along with it won't keep your phone much protected. Best of luck guys :)
Very good product. fantastic so far. Hope all will b okay ahead in future.. will request XOLO company to open as much service centers in NCR region as much they can for their customers because that is the only concern which is causing the customers not to opt XOLO..
Using for quite some time now, very happy with the experience. Only downsides are, 1. Camera : Images get curved around the edges & lens reflection is visible when taking picture of any object emitting light. 2. Speaker : Not loud enough. Almost silent(the vibration is louder than the ringer) if kept on a fabric/sofa/bed. Loud enough if kept on a hard surface. Not enough volume to watch a movie with moderate background noise.
Not even a month has passed & the power button has stopped working. Customer care number (1800 3010 0104) is always busy Customer care executives are not eager to help & are misinformed Pick & drop service on paper but not available in real They need 5 days to repair a button and won't provide a standby phon There is only on e service center in Delhi/NCR. There are some collection points instead The collection points won't repair but send your device to a service center in Janakpuri They have very few "Collection points" (6 in Delhi, 1 in Gurgaon) You won't be allowed to go to the service center directly They will not reply to your specific questions on mails & would repeat some crap like "take backup and drop your defective phone at collection point....."
I own an Nexus 4 and purchased Xolo Q1000 for my wife. Comparison btw both the phone. Internal memory: Nexus wins External memory: Xolo wins Camera: I bet you must be thinking that nexus has better Camera but here Xolo wins. Features and clarity is good. Build Quality: To me both are good, Only Nexus has corillian glass. Processor: I don't see any lag for xolo and nexus. both are good. Ram: Actually it doesn't matter much btw 1 and 2 Gb Ram. I can play almost all the games on both the devices. Overall the price matters and Xolo is a good option in that price. i would say go for it, instead of buying phone with same configuration at higher prices. Also I would recommend Xolo over micromax,karbonn etc...
its a very good phone for such a low price I am using this phone for 3 months,no complaints have showed yet its better than galaxy grand its shows a good performance, phone has good processing speed and it hangs very rarely
this phone has good specs. low pricing. works fine. no cheap camera. no laggy processing. good enough battery and even looks good. only prob is apps can only be installed on phone memory wich causes problems for large memory games. i have not faced any problems from my last 9 months so i have no idea abt the xolo service centers. i hope its not as bad as ppl claim. and i hope i dont have to visit them wit dis phone.
The phone has found a perfect middle ground of features, design usability and price. I got the phone for 12.5k and it was a sweet deal. Bought couple of more phones for my friends from flipkart. Phone is great, volume, screen resolution, screen size and color reproduction are good plus It is very thin but has a small bulge near the camera which adds to the grip so its not a deal breaker. Battery is excellent, lasts a full day of medium to high usage. Dual sim is a nice add-on feature which is just the icing on the cake.
Excellent. Only GPS does not get connect. Full value for money. I got very nice handset in a very attractive price.
I purchased Q1000 8 months back and till date haven't faced any problem with it, excellent in built quality, superb picture and video quality, good battery backup, phone never hanged in last 8 months, supports very well to any game. Extremely happy with this product, value for money.
Very good phone with stunning graphics and performance. Value for money.Very sleek. Bright screen with minimal bezel. Best affordable smartphone in its price range in market
Best phone in this price range pros: 1. 5 inch ips display (view it in any angle) 2. Dragon trail glass (scratch resistant) 3. 1.2 ghz quad core processor (very smooth) 4. 1 gb ram (good enough) 5. Good battery back up 6. 8MP camera (with touch focus) 7. slim 8. 1280*720 resolution and 1080p runs smoothly cons 1. just 4gb internal memory 2. heard service is poor(i havent faced any prob still) 3. camera button is awkardly placed.
Phone is getting hanged, in 15 days of purchase.Phone is getting hanged, in 15 days of purchase.Phone is getting hanged, in 15 days of purchase.Phone is getting hanged, in 15 days of purchase.Phone is getting hanged, in 15 days of purchase.Phone is getting hanged, in 15 days of purchase.Phone is getting hanged, in 15 days of purchase.
The phone was overall very good!!! Never faced any difficulty with the software or any of the hardware. Though, I would say that the sound volume was not very good.. it should have been louder (You might not able to hear it ringing in a crowded place, though the vibration alert would be of help in that case, so, not a big issue there)... sound quality, camera etc good. Now the thing about camera... if you are a professional photographer, you might not like the '8MP' camera, much... its a bit more sensitive to light, so even at a very low ISO, captures a lot of light (which, makes it very useful in capturing night pictures)... which reminds me.. the flash is useless.. it fails to accomplish its purpose during clicking pictures at night (you need an external source of light for clicking night pics) - but that is pretty advanced stuff, not at all affects the regular photographers!! :p so, you can buy it!! And yeah, its nexus like looks are also pretty fun to keep with you!! lol
I LIKE THIS PHONE on the first day itself.....i have done lots of RND in that..install lots of HD games which are highly graphics in that...work perfectly well. HD Movies plays very well without any lagging ....10 out 10 marks for q1000. battery sometimes not giving proper backup but that's ok because i work on wi-fi and playing HD games a lot. Instead of going for 20k smartphone this is very very good option. Till now no issue in phone.
I bought Q1000 6 months back and it absolutely worked fine except for some areas * Poor output from earphone * Phone is not compatible with any other earphones Biggest problem came when the phone display cracked when i accidentally dropped it last month. I'm still searching for a solution. I do not want to take the choice of leaving my phone at any collection centre and chase thme for a month(as per the reviews). And one service centre in B'lore estimated the cost as 9000 !!. I'm from Chennai and I could not even find a screenguard. My choice of trusting a so called emerging brand instead of going for a known brand is my biggest mistake !!!
I am writing this review after using this phone for 4 months !! A very good phone in 12k range with great specification and performance compared to counterparts.. I wont be going in specifications as you would have already gone through it.I would just say, it Stands by its word.. Fast processor,TRUE HD recording and playback,good camera clarity.The drawback I observed is it gives some lag in audio ONLY FOR .wmv video files.But,rest work just fine. The only thing XOLO hasnt worked on yet it its after sales service.So,it depends on your luck.And it takes too long for charging !!! Overall, a very great smartphone at 12k !!
I used this phone for quite a long time now. Product is Good , but Camera is very very BAD ... when you buy this Phone keep that in mind. Product Rating--> Camera (For Still picture) - 2 Camera (For Videio) - 0 (Very very bad video quality) Look & Feel -- 4 Usability - 4 Battery - 3 Flipkart Service rating --> 5 (Gr8 Service)
I bought this phone couple of months back and it is a very decent phone for this price. The secondary camera is quite average and speaker volume could have been better, it sounds little weak on some tunes. Overall will recommend it as buy.
its wonderful. great processing speed. easy to operate. beautiful looks. but battery is need to be improved . .
Good worth for 12500/- 5 inch display camera 8/1.2 px good look ---- only battery backup /charging time
Dear all viewers Here is the best advice for you Do not buy any xolo phone They cheat you when service of the mobile becomes matter i have been cheated by them So plz dont buy any of the xolo phone
Built quality is really very awesome, it gives a premium feel. Awesome display with no lags. Only thing which i found in this phone is GPS is not at all accurate & when the phone is turn to auto brightness mode, the screen start to flicker & turns off in the diffuse light.
XOLO IS Providing worst services. I WILL NEVER EVER SUGGEST OR BUY XOLO's PHONE. I had touchpad problem in my phone. and I have given my phone to xolo care as there was fault in phone which i have bought just before 2 months and I didn't get another temporary phone till my phone gets repaired.AND customer care told me that I will get my phone repaired after around 20 days. Is this the way to provide service. That I have to manage another phone by my own. I FEEL I HAVE WASTED MY MONEY ON XOLO. AND I AM NOT SATISFIED WITH THEIR SERVICES.
Never By any XOLO product...you will suffer for service. My mobile is in service center since 3 months..and i still dont have my mobile..
I just ordered it from flipkart......awesome product on this price....best performance in class. Highly recommended in this price range. Performance 5/5,battery 4.9/5,gaming 5/5,camera 4.5/5. just awesome.... and lastly flipkart you always rock in the fast delivery
Excellent product and perfect packaging (trademark of flipkart). One small issue (not on flipkart's account but still provided satisfactory resolution) which was good.
Xolo q1000 is very good mobile, all the feature of this mobile is excellent and it is much much faster than any other mobile that i have ever came across , Its never hang nor it gets slow. unlimited data can be stored .The mobile is full with advance feature and can be used for business purpose as it contains all the feature of laptop.
I have bought Xolo Q1000 before 3 months and now its not working properly. Its touch is so bad. I feel that I HAVE WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS PHONE.
I bought this phone after some delivery problems. i have been using this phone for around a month now and i am satisfied with the performance. i would recommend this phone for anybody who is looking for a handsome phone in 12k range.
Using it from last one month and found this good in this amount. Display is crisp clear, camera is good in daylight and ok in night. lookwise i liked it dont know about others.
Xolo q1000 is a nice phone at a very good price Sharp display, good processing speed, camera performance is also not bad Battery last 10 to 12 hrs
picked up the phone 2 months back. the screen is very fragile. could not even withstand a single drop(as compared to my Micromax and Samsung phablets). The screen cracked and then began my ordeal. As mentioned by others there are only a few service centers . rest all are pickup points. the repair costs are exorbitant . for a screen replacement they are charging Rs7500/- (for a 12500/- phone.) And the worse part is that this can be done in only Delhi for North India. So repair time quoted is 25-30days. the screen replacement for Q800 is Rs5700/- so the bottom line is If u happen to crack the screen then might as well junk it and buy a new non-XOLO phone.
Specs are fine,more than enough to run the OS Screen is gorgeous Loudspeaker is not very loud,nor is it clear Call quality lower from past experience from nokia,plus unless its on lower volume settings,anyone can hear your conversation microphone a bit poor,need to speak a bit clearly looks a lot like nexus 4 _________ How ever within 3 days of opening ,it started restarting on its own.Between calls,browsing net,listening to music or anything that i did then once it restarts,the moment i try opening anything(music mesages or any icon),it restarts again very very annoying and disappointing.taught me to stick to branded,especially if high value purchase
Please do not buy any xolo phones, they started by using intels name...there phones are made with worst hardware possible...my phone went bad in 3 months...within warranty they did not fix it saying liquid damage is there....my phone never fell in water ?? still it had liquid damage...when i complained i was told by there North India head that most phones sold are rejected ones and people are returning there phones within 3-4 days...they provide no service...there service is outsourced to F1 services ...f1 concentrates only on samsung phones etc...most of the times they will refuse to fix phones on false pretext that company does not offer service on most parts.. their executives will also ask for a bribe in order to get the phone fixed....even if they take your phone months will pass before you would get it back...over all i have had the worst possible experience and not just me the internet is filled with complaints for these phones... do not fall for the low price and do not buy these because of intel....stay away spend a little extra and buy a branded phone .....
The phone is nice well packed but i am very disopointed its reached me so late i had 2 wait for a weak after purchasing it,Mostly hurted by the rate its 12659 when i buyed just after few hours its come down to 11999.
Bought this a few months ago. Pros: Display is phenomenal. No lags, very responsive (I don't play games). Charging holds for a day and a half. Cons: Camera is horrible. Pictures are always blurry (not motion blur). Initially, it used to shutdown at random points but now (for the past few months), it has not done that. Overall, pretty happy with XOLO!
Awesome product, worth a single penny spent on this product. Truly amazing product from Xolo. I would suggest every one to go for it.
.worst service experience of my life. i gave my phone for servicing on 25th oct ihv not got it now is dec 14th .... i m just disgusted with this service ,,.. i suggest never buy this phone ...
i have purchased 6 phones from flipkart.com for my full family..its work superb for me.,,,very fast phone
Product is up to the mark according to it's price. It's just that camera is a little bit down for me. Otherwise phone's built quality , screen and processor is awesome.
I had this phone for a week and its performance was very good, Never hung, I could say that its performance was same as my wife's Nexus 4. Battery was 36 hrs with full day 3g on and wifi at home. But the cell gave problem within a week like Charging takes around 5 hours, Low call quality, etc. So, After contacting to flipkart, it turned out to be a manufacturing defect. I was give a replacement by flipkart hand to hand delivery(flipkart courier guy came with new handset and collected older one). Unfortunately the second phone didn't had proper battery backup(24 hrs, lesser compared to earlier handset as well as 5 hours charging time) and frequent restarts. This time I would be getting the refund instead of replacement. :( Flipkart service is amazing and also Xolo Q1000 has got great build quality. It just didn't worked for me. My friends are using this handset and its performance better than any other cell in this range.
i like q1000 on the first day itself.....i have done lots of RND in that..install lots of HD games which are highly graphics in that...work perfectly well. HD Movies plays very well without any lagging ....10 out 10 marks for q1000. battery sometimes not giving proper backup but that's ok because i work on wi-fi and playing HD games a lot. Instead of going for 20k smartphone this is very very good option. Till now no issue in phone.
Hi, I got the best phone with fastest processor xolo q1000. Its been a month now, the phone is the best without any problem and it works smoothly=maska. I can open each and every application on it. But have heard about various cons of this phone. This phone is the best. I ordered from Flipkart seller W.S. Retail. I dont know if any software stops working tomorrow, but who can predict about tomorrow as we live in present. Overall phone is not good,........But the best ever I had.
I bought xolo q1000 after lot of research and reviews...and im happy with it. 1.amazing screen with most receptive touch.even feather light touch will do :) you will buy this just for the beauty of it..its nice to watch movies on this. 2.very nice camera...needs little stable hands in night shots.. but better than almost all other phones..true colors.. 3.good speed..even 1GB works well because of good processor. no lag in any kind of games. 4.Big screen...bigger than galaxy S series n all Nexus....but still easier to operate..unlike Note series. the display uses most of the screen making it worth the size..unlike nexus n Iphones where screen is big, but display is small... 5.quite sturdy..it fell down from my hands 5 tyms last month..but still works well..*fingers crossed* 6.good value for money..excellent price..i bought it for 13700 after bargaining when price was 13,800 on flipkart n 14200 in stores..now flipkart says 11500.(for black one) sadly, all good things have few regrets: 1.battery backup not so great..without lot of GPS and music or downloading, it lasts from 9am-8pm...otherwise half a day :( i have to carry charger always everywhere. 2.little heavy...especially after putting on the flip case..but nothing as heavy as your note or micromax phones.. its pretty good overall..with specifications matching galaxy s3 n nexus5 and all those..id recommend this phone anyday.
I like the product very much. In this price it was superb. Very Good Products against money. Like it and Recommended....
I have been planning to buy this phone for a long time. I did compare the specs with many other brands and took reviews from many who were using it. End of the day Xolo 1000 ROCKS. though I am a regular buyer from FK I bought this phone from a different vendor because of offer and competitive price. This phone has an amazing display, plays HD videos like butter, quad core processor helps in multiple application, 1GB RAM is sufficient to run all apps 2100 MAH battery gives life for a day. Camera needs attention. The price is too good . The phone does not make a big hole in your wallet. Its about 12-13 k . With the same specs Samsung , Sony & other will cost 19-20k . Why do have to pay additional amount for the Brand? People say this phone won’t give Battery backup. That’s not true. Install the app xolo power where you can save 30% more battery. Don’t expect 2-3 days life. Please not you are using a smart phone which has a HD display, 2G-3G network online throughout the day, applications like Facebook, what’s app, chat on , messengers running in background, don’t compare it with your old nokia phone where calling & SMS was primary work. This phone has dedicated graphics card which can play any HD games. In short This is Phone is AWESOME.
Slim form factor is a plus, it seems to be the slimmest device with similar specs competitor devices in its price range. USB OTG is missing and sound volume is a concern in the set I received (not sure if thats just in this set or is a universal issue). Overall product seems nice at its price.
I bought XOLO Q1000 a month back through Flipkart. Delivery from Flipkart was amazing. The Phone is excellent with good features like Memory and Camera. I was confused with bad reviews by some people in Flipkart as some people have written reviews without having the Phone. I did a thorough analysis on the Web on the features of the Phone then decided to buy this phone. It was within my budget of 12k. It is a 5 inch mobile with dual SIM. I played high end Games and there was no lag at all. I played Subway Surfer and some car games. The HD Video is truly amazing. Anyone who is looking for a decent smart phone with good features can go for this phone.
This phone is very good on the design. This phone is light and thin. What i like about this phone is the overall configuration compared to other phones. This phone is fast and has great design. What is most impressing: 1) RAM is considerable good (1GB) 2) Dual SIM 3) Android 4.1 4) Battery backup 5) Customization 6) Thinness 7) Design 8) etc Disappointments: 1) Xolo must think on giving a 8 GB SDCARD with this phone at this price 2) Headphones would have been better 3) Sometimes the phone hangs on the screen when installing more apps 4) Backcover is not easily available for this phone, so xolo should add it in the box Totally recommend this phone if improvements are made by xolo.
Please dont buy any of xolo phone..I get very bad experience regarding to service. My charger work not perfectly so I sent to xolo service centre on 25th june but yet not receive. also they hadn't answer properly. You can see more detail on this link. PLease read before buy any XOLO phone. www.droidmafiya.blogspot.in/p/compain-on-xolo.html
If you generally surf web or check emails or facebook then better not to buy this phone. Overall good looking and crisp display phone but main component - Battery, which is simply hopeless. I have installed whatsup app and even I could use for 5 mins its started showing me battery from 95% to 55% then in next hour my phone went down. I have reported the matter with Flipkart and they immediately replaced the handset but no luck. So the problem was not in my handset but its in whole. I have to keep mobile charger at all times in my pocket and have to charge atleast 4-5 times in a day. Pathetic I am not using this phone anymore, and if anyone from Delhi wants to see its performance, please feel free to use for few days. :(
I bought Xolo Q1000 one month ago and I would like to admit that Flipkart services is the best, I just ordered saturday eve and got my instrument in Monday morning !!! About the instrument, by far this is the no.1 instrument when you have the budget below 15k, I had technically compared all the smartphones specifications within the price range of 15k and this one out numbered all. Pros: Good 5 inch display (IPS display, Dragon Trail glass, OGS glass) HD phone Nice design and build Dual sim Good battery back up, lasts whole day for heavy user. Runs on Android 4.2 out of the box Over all good performance ! Cons: Average camera, doesn't justify 8 mega pixel quality. Average LoudSpeaker output, but you always have the option to use ear phones so not a big issue, No LED indicative notification light option for miscall My verdict: Go for it if you have below 15k budget, This ones best in that league, period.
I bought my first Xolo Q1000 4 months back , After getting the phone I liked the phone on several Aspects, & lateron went on to buy my 2nd Q1000 1. Build Quality : Great 2. Aesthetics : Great with Slim & Right size to Hold nice rubberish Back panel in Black Phone 3 Excellent Camera & Great HD video recordings beats many high end phones 4.Superb smooth performance NO lags at all 5.Excellent Audio Quality with very good quality headphones 6. Good Battery Life lasts more then a day Cons : The Colour re production is very dark although clear but slightly super natural After a month I bought my 2nd Q1000 for my wife
Dear Freinds. 1*Rated for Flipkart Service only ***** Pl read it carefully before making decision to buy Xolo Mobiles***** Every mobile required service after sales for any kind of issues. Xolo mobiles having common issues of glass crack, which Xolo claims as physically damage after sales. You will face problem when you will find any issue regarding your mobile. I have given my handset for glass crack issue to Xolo Care, I have paid charges for repaire Rs 1670 including all taxes. Glass replacement takes hardly 10minutes for repaire at any repaire center. Now I am frustrated because after paying the money my handset is at Xolo Service Center for last 30 days. Still after 30 days there is no dispatch timeline defined by Xolo Care. I have become a beggar of Xolo care from last 30 days. I have called almost 30 times, done mails 20 times still I haven't received my mobile even after paying the charges. So If you face warranty related issue after buying the mobile you have to face the careless service of Xolo. *** So Freinds, If you want to become a beggar of Xolo ? Its your Choice. *** My duty as a certified buyer is to inform all the freinds who are going to make decision of buying Xolo Mobiles*****
do not buy this phone ever in ur life, this phone really sucks, so much lagging and no prorer custmer service, when this phone came to me only one slot of the sim is working, other one is totaly waste, and mic is also not working i have tried to contact the custmer care but they r not listning after selling this phone after that i have not buyied a single thing of xolo company now i have purchsed micromax turbo that phone is 100 times better then this
I have Bought it recently this XOLO Q1000 and its awesome. Performance wise very good. and Display is very good. the only problem in all android phone is battery. Its remain for one single day .. despite of that very good product. Flipkart Service is very good. I got my product within 3 days of my order.
Brought two months back. Far better than the competitors at the price point. Highly recommended. The only sad point is that there is no great flip case available for the product in market
its excellent flipkart delivered in 2 days and phone is quad core processor and 8mp camera and jelly bean awesome phone hd screen supports all vedio formats
My friend purchased this through my account and I did all the researching for this phone. And when it arrived, it was simply fantastic. Very good response, fast processor and looks beautiful too! I see a lot of people complaining about service and all, but honestly, who wants to service their mobile these days? You just sell it in a couple of years at the max and buy another one. And I own a XoloX900 myself and it has given me no trouble at all for more than a year now! Xolo is a really great brand! Totally satisfied!
Bought the phone through Flipkart. Got delivered within 2 days. Its been 2 months now and absolutely no issues. Had Xperia S before this and changed just because i wanted dual sim option and i must say im very impressed by the performance of the phone. Found it a bit heavy at 170 grams but not a serious issue. Battery back up is amazing. Easily twice to what my earlier sony was giving. 294 ppi is more than sufficient. personally i found no difference compared to this and 342 ppi of sony xperia S.
The product is awesome 1) Very good looking. 2) Good battery life. 3) Awesome Display. 4) Uninterrupted Network (WIFI, BLUETOOTH, GSM). Earlier with LG I have faced regular problem with WIFI & BLUETOOTH. I had to restart to get them on track again. 5) Very Reliable. I've not restarted for more than a month now. Negatives: 1) 3 Dead pixels on the display. 2) Camera? interpolated. They are not 8 MPs, actually. For the FIRST time in my LIFE, this is the mobile that looks good to me.
Its a very nice fone. Screen resolution is superb. Touch sensitivity is awesome.Camera is very nice lots of features too. battery backup is good. But took long time to charge. you can move application to SD card. by set default file location to SD card. Its has USB OTG feature too. at this price range thats a must buy fone. better than sam#####g G****D. Go for it.
good attractive mobile with hd ips screen.audio quality is little low from inbuilt speakers.battery is great.can play 6 hour of video playback on you tube non stop.6 to 7 hour of net browsing through wifi continously.overall good mobile
I had ordered the product (xolo Q1000) on 16th October 11:53pm and received on 18th October 12 noon. Can you beleive the SPEED???? UNBELIEVEABLE.... Keep it up Flipkart. It been 2 days i'm using the mobile and it feels great. Specially so many praise from friend circles who all have other branded smart phones. They are shocked with the royal specifications and the affordable price of ma mobile. Thank you XOLO.
Hey guys, ordered this phone on 11th Oct'13- - 2300HRS through Flipkart and Received this phone the 14th Oct'13 12PM. (excellent delivery and packing), Now on the phone as I am Using CANVASD HD (5 mnths old) currently ,which has the same specs as of XOLO Q1000. my phone was much costlier than 135k, than XOLO1000 is a waste of money. 1) XOLO Q1000 has an amazing SCREEN, it reproduces VERY VERY VERY EXCELLENT COLOURS(as I compared MY PHONE , XOLO Q1000 and SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 with the same wallpaper(GALAXY NOTE 3 wallpaper) the XOLO is at par with the amoled screen reason being it actually has 16.7M colours 2)The sound is awesome the same ringtones is much louder than CANVAS HD. 3)Battery IS far more better than CANVAS HD. 3)Camera is good as the screen produces excellent colours.as compared to C-HD.4 4)White colour looks amazing gives a premium touch to the phone , some of my friend thought it to be the new I phone-5C(Front). 5)The front camera is the same as it produces same pic quality as of C-HD. I think these are enough reasons to buy a XOLO, The most important thing that I know Feel that MMX charges the customer more for an underrated product that too by claiming false specs on the phone , i.e 16M colours, 2 MP front camera etc etc. GO for a XOLO instead of MMX.
Good Product and excellent service from Flipkart ...Worth the Price.. very stylish phone with great features. Could have improved the camera qlty. Still a good Deal...
This Xolo Q1000 is worth of cost,and cash back offer from flipkart makes the deal more precious.Delivery was very prompted.If we talk about the phone the build of the phone is awesome.Got android 4.2 with 8 MP camera.Dont know about after sales of XOLO,otherwise Happyyyy
I bought this phone for my dad he really liked it screen size is really very good battery back up is good once the phone is fully charges you will get 11 hours of continous backup.I got screen guard with this phone as free and while purchasing this from flipkart I ordered 16gm memory card and a flipcover memory card worked fine.
MY SINCERE THANKS TO FLIPKART : Once i plan to buy through online. I dont have second thought, My choice is Flipkart because of service and deliver tracking system. It was an exceptional service. I ordered this phone on Thursday (10 th Oct) and got it on 11th Oct afternoon . What a magical service Flipkart! Keep going !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! About Product : Let me start with my buying experience, Once i plan to buy a mobile i have certain rules to myself not to fall on KOREAN products like samsung and LG, I had very limited options like NOKIA, HTC, Blackberry etc. My requirement are phone with big screen, graphics card, Picture quality and pretty decent battery back up. On a long research i found this XOLO Q 1000 pretty decent phone with marginal price tag. Even i was not convinced with the service and with the review from some certified buyers. Started researching about the product and comparing features with major brands for more than a week and come to conclusion to go with this mobile. Pron : 1. Decent Look 2. Sturdy 3. Decent Battery back up 4. Camera Quality is much better than Micromax 5. WIFI speed 6. Video Calling 7. Display 8. Graphics Card give you the extra confidence to play some more game 9. You will not feel heat even after using applications for long time. Corns : 1. Totally unsatisfied headphone (Unless you are music freak you will like this headphone, I got Philips headset plays well than expected ) 2. Poor quality wires 3. No notification LED (Not a big issues) Overall am happy with this phone. Some inconveniences (Service etc) are there but this product really worth buying.
It is almost a month I am using this phone, it play's all the HD games like - mortal combat 4 zero hour,asphalt 7, need for speed,Nova 3, Real Boxing. There is no lag while playing the games.Batter backup is also good. This phone is a true value for money. Only the GPS takes time fix the position.
Updated on 11/4: I wud like to take my word back - Flipkart ur no more awesum :( am keep calling to get the status of my return request & getting the standard response. finally one of the rep told me to send the package on my own - which i did. but even after 3 days of delivery its not reflected :( Flipkart loosing its customer service - it sucks there is no way to escalate the process - customer rep will say they'll walk down & tell but nothg will happen for next couple of weeks even if u keep calling their toll number. ----------------------- Q1000 is the best for 5" phone lovers & am no exception :) Super cool display , high resolution pics much better than branded mobiles like Samsung Grand. Bit heavy but looks cool.... Coming to problem part: lately i started getting connectivity issue :( :( and i definitely know its not my provider problem bcoz i removed the sim from Q1000 & used it in Nokia XPressMusic [my supercomputer :) ], without any issue.. just now lodged complaint -- i wish XOLO has better customer care & service centers across india Note to XOLO or LAVA: this is one nice product & feels really bad that this product might not get its place due to poor customer service / center FlipKart -u guys r awesum man... doing grt job.. luv u guys
Nice Phone with super bright display, with silky smooth touch . Good camera quality but lacks in sound Quality. Overall nice phone in this price Range
After doing extensive research and comparing other brands in this price range, I choose XOLO Q100. Although their after sale service is not good, I decided to give it a try. Phone is really fast, thanks for quad core processor and 1 GB RAM. Audio is OK, not that great. There are no customizations in android, so there are not much apps provided by XOLO.. A reason for buying this phone was scratch resistant Dragontrail glass screen. However I am not sure if phone shipped to me has it or not. I tried contacting XOLO care on email and phone but didn't got any reply (Thanks to their poor customer service). Camera quality is bad. I was using Samsung galaxy SL before this phone and its 5 MP camera was miles better than XOLO's 8MP camera. Another bad point is 4GB internal space. You would be running short of space after installing apps.
After 1 month... no problem.. no lag in game.. all application run smoothly. Give one try to Xolo u will be satisfy :)
the product is gr8 and works abs fine nice and cool phone with such a budget just go for it only problem is that camera on the back side touches down when u keep it on table
Good all on aspects. The only letdown is the music quality. I installed power amp from the play store and I'm a happy man. No complaints what so ever !! been using this phone for over three months now. There are other brands to consider but I would pick this phone over Karbonn or Mircomax for the build quality. It has a premium feel when I hold the phone which I haven't experienced with Micromax and Karbonn phones of the same range. Xolo knows to pick the right design !!
Bought it as a gift for my brother on his b'day and he is in love with it... Note : Could not install Subway Surfer's.. If any one has installed, please let me know the procedure... Thanks...
After more than a months usage, these are my views on this phone. I bought this phone for its classic design, and screen width. I am not writing the usuals, since you can find them on other reviews. I am not a gamer, hence no comments about gaming. Surprise positives: 1. 3G on both the Sim works fine. 2. Display is very good. 3. Able to operate in one hand, although doesn't fit in my shirt pocket. That's fine with this package. 4. No Lags. 5. 4GB internal memory is more than sufficient. Able to move apps to SD card. Bads: 1. Loud speaker sound is bad. I usually use the loud speaker to take the call, rather than holding the phone pressed to my ear. This is disappointing. 2. Camera quality is ok. equivalent to 5mp in branded phones like Nokia, Samsung, Sony etc. Final Verdict: If this is your budget, then this is your phone.
Bought 5 of it (3 From Flipkart) All are working Great....... It has a very premium look... All heavy Games Like Gangstar Vegas, Gangstar RIO, Modern Combat 4, Asphalt 8,etc working great that too without lag....... Would Strongly recommend you to go with it...
I have read many negative reviews here.. but i have a good opinion. Best phone at this range in my opinion. sleek design, it is easy to handle with one hand. low thickness make it pocket friendly.. BEST : * Good Battery - Lasts a day * Display - Great * Internet - Really fast * Slow - Not lagging even for gaming * Apps - No unwanted bulky apps * OS - Vanilla Android feels great BAD : * Brightness - in auto mode the display got off (may be my phone problem) * Display - Stick with finger prints
I have been using this phone since one week. The processing speed is great. With 1 GB ram it works great. All apps are working wonderfully. But it stops suddenly and the battery is worst. It is better to go with MICROMAX CANVAS A116 HD
This phone has great features. Apart from what is general, this one has good look and a great processor which enable faster browsing and downloads. Me, being a type of guy who uses the internet more, found it to be very much handy and comfortable and not to mention stylish.
This phone is amazing for the price. I don't know how the people giving negative reviews are using the phone. Because my phone is showing NO signs of lag, fault, or any kind malfunctions. So far this phone is working perfectly and just in case anything goes wrong and the customer service is not good i have got insurance from the retailer itself. pros/cons: 1) Processor is butter smooth. Can handle almost anything. 2) Display is bright, sharp and crisp. 3) Gaming is just amazing for a phone that costs around 13k 4) Music player is great especially with the headsets in the box. 5) Camera is good but not extraordinary. Can take decent quality pics in the day/indoor but slightly noisy in low light conditions. 6) Battery is big at 2100 mah but lasts about a day. Verdict: This phone is a great for those who are on a tight budget and still want the best features you can get within that budget(i.e., 15k in my case). PS: Did not buy it from flipkart
I bought this phone in July with " finger crossed" , actually I was not sure about the XOLO brand but the features of the phone at this price is awesome. That time I bought @14990 rs with MP3 player free, it was a great deal. Now come to the features and function of the phone, till now the phone is running smoothly. All the android apps are supported and camera is nice only in day light, during night or low light pictures comes very bad but we can compromise with it, how many times ur gonna click during night, use friend's mobile. I m using Lumia 710 with Xolo q1000, but xolo is much faster than lumia, and after all Android is best, I bought Xolo q1000 just to play games and for Internet purpose but till now no complaint. You can buy it.
Purchased from flipkart ten days back. It has 1.2 GHz Quad Core Processor with 12.70 cm (5") HD IPS Display. Understand compare to other popular brands like Samsung, Nokia and HTC, cost is much less with almost similar feature & look. Flip cover purchased from local market with Xolo logo and gives similar look like Samsung-4. Bit heavy compare to other phone. India’s first smartphone with Intel Inside®. No software available for this phone like Nokia Suite or Kies to backup or restore data easily. But Android has many apps to perform this activity. Installed 32Gb transcent card but don't know it gives only 29.71Gb space. Charging takes more time. Overall satisfied with performance and look. Camera results are good.
Update: the issues reported earlier were resolved by looking for solutions online. Installed Temple Run and it ran just fine. So far happy with the phone. Review on the 3rd day of getting the phone: Don't know if this is a problem with me alone or what? but none of the apps "just works" First whatsapp was having issues of registering, second wifi doens't connect - fails at "obtaining an ip address" Tried to install WiFix Manager, but that gives error - "Can't get root access. It seems your device is not rooted or SuperUser request has been rejected". No app seems to just work
These phones are pathetic after 3-4 months and dealing with their service centre means mental trauma. Please but a cheap phone from a well established company then buying a Xolo phone. Personal experience.
I bought this phone through Flipkart. Some of the information online about this phone is misleading. For example, it doesn't have Dragon Trail display. There is no mention of it on the website or on the box. This isn't an 'Intel' phone. It uses a standard Mediatek processor. The Intel variant is the X1000 model which uses an Intel Atom processor. Pros: The configuration is pretty good for the average phone user. Most apps and games worked perfectly without lag or problems. The screen resolution is great and colors bright. For this price range, its a great 5" dual-sim phone. Great build quality. Cons: Software was a bit buggy at times, but could be worked around by a reboot. Battery life is average. 4 GB internal memory is limiting. Bulky. Verdict: I'd recommend the XOLO Q1000 over the Micromax Canvas HD. It's practically the same hardware as the Canvas, with better design and build quality.
hi friends i am using this xolo q1000 from last 6-7 days. In my opinion, display-5/5 performance-4.8/5 camera-4.5/5 look and appearance-5/5(awesome look) touch-very smooth and feels good-4.9/5 battery backup-(very nice)4.8/5 i want to emphasis on display again,display of xolo q1000 is realy very nice,hd,very clear and small text appears very clear and nice. look of this phone is great.it looks premium and mattfinish from backside resist phone from sliding in hands. i have used lots of smartphones but no one is as good as this rocking xolo q1000.this is the best phone under 20k pricerange.accessories are also available now easily ,it's not an issue.only one aspect about xolo is that it is having less number of service centers.but cant find any weakness or lag in this phone even after the heavy usage. i am big fan of xolo from now.good job by xolo.keep it up.
This is my short review about this phone. firstly value for money product. Not any other smartphone has this type of features with this price range of 13500/-. It has Quad Core Processor with GPU means graphic processor for best media experience.Most amazing fact is it has 1GB of ram for a Smooth and without lagging any task of smartphone work. FULL HD support of media . Ultra bright screen ( I am using MX PLAYER inbuilt from xolo or you download it from play store) This is My second smartphone from XOLO I already have XOLO Q800 since last 5 Months . But not a single time I was faced a problem of its performance. After a 5 months of using I have again purchased a XOLO product from Flipkart. Lastly about the Flipkart. So much of fast delivery accurate product. seal pack 100% original product and excellent service.
First of all thumbs up to flipkart for delivering the product in 2 days. Though they didnt update the delivery status properly, I dont care as I had the product in my hands in 2 days. Have extensively used and tested most of the features of this phone in last 2 weeks. In short I am completely satisfied. Let me jot down the pros and cons: Pros 1. Large dynamic screen. even at 25% brightness, the screen glows. 2. The HD pixels make sure the image, video, internet has impeccable clarity. 3. The viewing angle is just great. found it better than some of the HTC, Samsung and Nokia smartphones of my friends 4. At 12500, it is almost equivalent to s3(less internal memory and touch UImissing in q1000), and at less than half the price 5. Able to play HD movies from SD card , as well as youtube without any lag 6. Played some high end games without any lag 7. Very rare that it heats up. Felt it only twice and that too when I was playing continuously for couple of hours 8. battery is commendable. Have tested following in a single day (1 complete movie, 3 hours of gaming, wifi on for 8-9 hours, 2G connection only, 100 Mb of data download, 1 hour of GPS navigation, 2 hours of talk time and some 30 messages) - with this usage it worked a complete day. 9. After filling the phone with loads of application, still dont feel any lag. RAM and cache management is appreciable 10. voice quality is good 11. camera is decent. CMOS sensor helps. But still not as clear as a Nokia camera. 12. GPS location is perfect and very quick even though there it is an integrated GPS chip. I have checked this with Wifi, and still to check with 3G. Navigation was also done with help of Wifi in company shuttle. 13. Big screen perfect for gaming and watching videos/movie 14. Android 4.2 while its rivals are still at 4.1 15. i have taken the white one, and it looks posh and classy. My friends guessed the price to be around 25K, but once hearing that it was Xolo, they were surprised. Cons 1. The back cover is a bit flimsy and has already started showing its bad quality. 2. No flap cover, hence makes its difficult to mantain such a big screen from dust and scratch 3. Some wifi networks when disconnected, also disconnects the GSM SIM connection. This has happened twice with a certain network. Not sure if it is the phone's issue with that wifi setting or some backend program from wifi causing it. Anyways, taking out the sim and inserting it and restarting solves the issue 4. The speaker has limited volume in loudspeaker mode. And that too of not that great quality. Would have preferred a bit more refined and loud speaker. 5. Not able to install apps into the SD card which android 4.2 claims to be a feature. May be i need more research to understand how to do it. But as of now it is not happening. 6. Difficult to carry such a big phone in jeans pocket. But finding alternatives. 7. The camera hangs out from back from around 2 mms from the main body, which increases the chance of it getting scratched. I have some concerns and irritations for Android as an OS, but I will not bias my observations for an OS for this device.
I'm using this phone from past one week. Display is awsome. Speed is good. Need to improve on battery performance and touch experience. Don't know about after sales experience, but one should check before buying. Overall I'm satisfied. A descent phone at 13.5k
I was using Samsung Galaxy S2 before. I had to use two phones (another one for work). Sick of using two, I bought this phone 2 weeks back and using it since then. Before I get on with my views, let me first say what was that I was looking for in this phone: 1) Need a dual-sim smart phone 2) Atleast HD screen 3) Good camera with FHD recording 4) Good smartphone 5) Wanted to try outside the usuals Samsung/Sony/Nokia... An Indian brand. I will not give specs as you will find them everywhere on the net 1) Display: I should say "awesome". Was used to AMOLEDs and never LCD. Did not know IPS panel LCDs were this good. Colors were brilliant and almost true. Great viewing angles because of IPS panel. HD screen comes as very handy for me as I use it for reading emails, quick net browsing, reading articles, etc. However the display is fingerprint magnet. Overall *:4.75/5 2) Call/Sound quality: No drop calls, good reception quality, good continuous connectivity on both sims. However I am disappointed with the low sound from earpiece. Loud speaker is quite good though. Since I have Bluetooth accessory, its not a problem. However people who do not like/use such accessory may find this unacceptable. You just cant hear on the phone's earpiece if the place around you is not silent. Plays music well and supports most formats (trivial on stock Android). Overall *: 3/5 3) Battery: Li-polymer (not Li-Ion) 2100 Mah manages for a day. I use all day WiFi, Bluetooth, GPRS / 3G always on (for WiFi off when no power situations), good-heavy internet usage, atleast an hour of calls, average listening to music, occasional gaming, etc. However I would have expected 2400 Mah as HD screens needs on juice is high. NOTE: Install XOLO Power app and you will see difference. Overall *: 4.25/5 4) GPS: First of all it takes lotta time (~3-5 mins to locate position). Even after that it does not pin point my position. Its always good 50 meters or so off. After getting used to accuracy on SG2, I am disappointed here. Overall *: 2/5 5) Camera: I have mixed reactions after using this for a while. Outdoor captures compete high end smartphones. Indoor captures are tricky. Sometimes they are excellent without flash (thanks to BSI sensor). Sometimes they are very capture with lot of noise. HDR is a good option for this camera. However I noticed loss of details in the subject (if you observe real close). It has good burst capture rates (40 or 90 caps option). An important thing to mention here is about focusing. This camera (or the s/w used) terribly suffers from slow focusing. Its very evident when you take videos and pan from high lit areas to less lit areas. Same is the problem when you take photos indoors. This sometimes affects burst photos (sometimes they become simply useless). The LED flash used with the camera is not a powerful one. It does not evenly lit the subject and the range covered is less than couple of feet. And is totally useless during video shots. Another important point to note here - It seems the sensor used is not wide. You really have to move away from the subject when filming. This becomes too obvious when you switch to video mode. You immediately notice the image appears zoomed in. By the way, unlike any other android phone, this one has a dedicated camera button. Loved the idea. However its positioning is really absurd and almost makes it simply avoidable. Dont understand the point from the makers for this odd placement below volume rockers. Overall *:3.75/5 6) OS/Software/Others: Most of the phone's s/w is stock android. I love this (this is personal view and could vary). I installed Yandex shell and my UI is very lightweight and pretty fast. There are too many built in apps available. I would have liked the camera, contacts and music apps to have some basic customization to improve over stock options. Build quality of the phone is very good. You will feel confident when you are holding it. However the cheap plastic back panel is again a finger print magnet. Videos play back very nicely on the phone. Be it HD or FHD, phone seems to play equally good. Reminder here - this phone records videos in only 3GP format. Although did not notice any loss of image data with this old format of recording container. This phone has just 4GB internal memory. Out of this 4GB only 1.8GB is available for use. Also you cannot move applications to your SD card. I am not a gamer. However I do play occasionally. Temple Run, Temple Run 2, various race games, etc., all played surprisingly well without any noticeable lag. Overall: This is very good phone with very good build quality, display and performance. I would still rate this as value for money, as other similar budget phones at this price do suffer compared to this phone in one aspect or the other. What could have been great and make this phone simply awesome and unique would be - better camera (focusing issues and app options), little better battery and better earpiece.
I bought this phone 15 days back. Overall the phone is good. Pros: 1)Screen is awesome. Thanks to IPS technology and HD display. 2)Camera is good. 3)Build quality of phone is good as compared to its competitors. 4)Touch response is very smooth. 5)Latest android version. Cons: 1)Some games are lagging. I installed Real Racing 3 and it is getting hang sometimes. 2)Less Internal Storage. 3)Battery backup is not up to the mark but still it is ok as it at least lasts for whole day. Overall the phone is value for money compared to MMX. I will recommend this phone if you don't have budget to buy Samsung or HTC quad core phones.
I don't know whether what the costumer services are, I have not found any of the problems since I bought it. This review was written after 2 and a half months of usage The device is good for hardcore gaming and a good look. The only problem I got is that the camera is very outwards and if you are careless about it, it may crack
I did not buy the phone from flipkart as it was priced a bit higher than my budget at the time of my purchase. I bought it from the local store. To say the least its a great great device. Found almost everything in a perfect shape since I bought it. Pros: Great display. Very good call reception (People are confused or lying who are saying its not that great) No lags (After using 10 odd days never had a single force close) Quite decent battery life (Average user will get 1.5 day quite comfortably) Very good browsing speed High end touch sensitivity Cons: Camera is not that great (Of course its not bad @ this price point, specially with BSI sensor) Video rec at low light is a bit troublesome Bulged out camera design with no protective ring makes its somewhat scratch prone. Cant find any more till date. IMO its a really great buy considering two main factors while buying a phone, call reception and battery performance. The phone lives up to its expectation in both department.
Whenever the radio is switched on, it continuous to work properly till the back light is on. As soon as I lock the screen the radio signal becomes so dull that i cannot hear anything. Do check if you have the same issue....Let me know too.. I liked the rest.Video viewing is awesome. but camera quality lags.
Before buying this phone I had read some negative reviews about this phone and I was not sure whether I should go for it or not. Eventually I went for it and I am glad I made that decision!! I was thinking of buying Google Nexus 4, but then no-expandable memory was a deal breaker. This phone offered me almost everything that Nexus 4 did. Physical appearance : Looks like a smaller version of S3. Smooth plastic back can be a problem, but you will get used to it. Display : 1080p full HD. Seamlessly plays videos with crystal clear display. Honestly, when I ordered the phone I didn't expect this good display. I was amazed when I saw the full HD videos. Performance: The phone runs any app without any lag. The only lags that I encountered is after the quitting any high graphics games. But it runs smoothly again after that lag. That might be just a memory/cache issue. Battery: The battery lasts a day even after a full fledged use. I always have 3G/WiFi on and on normal use, the battery lasts 1 and a half day. (Normal use: say around 4 hours of Surfing, Music, Youtube, Games per day) Camera: Quite decent 8 MP camera. Nothing too great. Touch: Really really smooth. After 4 months of using the phone, I am used to it. But when it was new, I was in love with the touch. GPS: Some reviews said GPS doesn't work. It works for me. :) Takes a couple of minutes to lock the GPS location, but works. The only disappointing thing I found about this phone is Music quality. The music is loud and clear; just that it's not crisp. When I bought this phone, somewhere deep down I thought that I am compromising and settling for this phone because it's cheaper than Nexus 4. But after using the phone I realized I didn't settle at all. This phone does everything that Nexus 4 can!! It's a really smart buy.
Simply in one word i can say is... XOLO Q 1000 is amazing...and its going to beat Samsung... Everything is very good in this moblie,i had a small doubt before buying this mobile but after started using this ... its really awesome..
my result one week result very good mobile ultra speed mobile XOLO Q1000 Camera=5/5 Display=5/5 Built Quality=4.8/5 Sound=4.8/5 Battery=4.5/5 Over all Performance 4.9/5 Don't Any Think XOLO is NEXT LEVEL, MOBILE Grete
very nice phone and worth of money. buy it this phone is slightly higher than MMx canvas HD but it is far far better than MMX.very good feel nice screen resolution and and good service. Premium Smartphone: Just like all Xolo's made till now... even this 1 gets Beautiful design & Build quality. Even if its a 5 inch phone its very Slim n perfectly fits in your palm. Most impressive part is the Display which wont disappoint u.. Its Bright, Crisp and More Vivid.. A Good Display with very High Details.. This outlook Gives Q1000 a Premium Look.
The display used is a Dragon Trail glass which is completely different from the Gorilla Glass. It is scratch resistant and it has In plane switching and 5 finger touch. Overall build quality is amazing. The battery lasts a day on moderate gaming, browsing through wifi, music and video playback. The performance is butter smooth on this device. No lags occur even while multitasking. The games run smoothly. I haven't tried many high end games but games like modern combat 4 ran smoothly. The camera has got many features like panorama, multi angle view capture, smile detection, face detection, geo tagging, adjusting levels of face beauty, face color and face brightness. It also anti flicker, zero shutter delay and self timer. So overall the camera quality is very good. Well worth the money spent!
Awesome Phone. I sold out my galaxy note 2 and opted this dual sim phone (both the sim are 3G). Very smooth, fast and fully loaded with most of the features are copied from Iphone5 & galaxy s4. Only 04 star for this product, as its a new company and I am not aware about the after sales service support. Using this phone since last couple of days and I am 100% satisfied.
I just bought this phone yest. its really awesome.. :) 1. Design : Sleek and Catching Excellent Make 2. HD Scree : It will never disaapomt you 3. Sound on Earphone 4. Sound on speakers 5. Video Play back 6. Build Quality 7. Some says GPS is not functioning they all are lying..
Would definitely buy this soon since i love the Q700.... Good work XOLO.... high time the smart phone is available for the masses at a reasonable cost.. the profile SWITCH really is a cool feature.. helps one keep secrets... :)
This is not a review but a clarification from people who have bought Q1000. Does this phone have Photosphere camera mode which is key salient feature of Android 4.2? With Photosphere camera mode you can create fully immersive 360-degree shots, wide-angle scenic shots, and even what’s above and below you. If anybody can reply on this it will be very helpful as there is no mention of this mode anywhere on the internet. Thanks in advance
I bought a XOLO A1000 about 2 months ago from a retail store in Kolkata. I am satisfied with its performance. I admit that I don't play games at all. But, I would have bought this XOLO Q1000, only because it is a quad core meaning it would perform better than my XOLO A1000 (dual core) with live wallpapers which I like very much.
XOLO Q series indeed range having value for money. At this price tag, I assume this is the best deal you will get in the market. Rather than spending on brand value better you go for these intel powered phones. Full marks to entire Q series range by XOLO.
