MOBDDH5YAZU3RSH3
Didn't get this from flipkart, but will review this phone still... Its a good dual-SIM phone for a true phone user (phone + SMS). I've had it for a week, and no issues to report. I do not browse internet, or use wi-fi from small devices, so this phone was just the right one for me. qwerty keypad is missed though for SMS. The touch may not be the best as experienced on capacitative screens, but is sufficiently responsive to make calls, type SMSes - I have seen worse tabs and phones with bad touch responses... Con maybe the 1000 mAh battery, but mine lasts 3 days with light use, both SIMs on. My verdict, buyable if you are pure phone user.
I am using it for last 1 month and is moderately satisfied with the set. PROS:- 1. Good quality touch 2. Affordable Price. 3. User friendly Interface 4. Though a VGA but still a good quality camera, compared 2 other brands. 4. Nice application tools like Image Editor, Dictionary, Opera Mini etc. 5. Very good battery back up ( Even after 2 hours of listening to songs per day, it gets exhausted after 3 days only !! ) 6. Lot of pre-loaded chat apps like Instant Messenger, GTalk, Facebook Messenger, Chat On. CONS:- 1. Poor headphone. ( Previously Samsung used to give quality headphones even with a much cheaper priced sets. Now they r providing substandard headphones with this set) 2. No Free Games. ( Only 2 demo games r there, which can be played just for a minute, for d full version, u have to shed 50 bucks. Now this is just ridiculous, as even phones priced at Rs 1000 do have free games !! ) 3. The Music Player is also crazy ( Firstly, you cant directly navigate to ur required track and u have to scroll down d library patiently. 2ndly, after going to d next song, if u want to come back to d previous, u cannot get that, as they will provide u sum different song.Songs dont come serially in d Music Player. This is very irritating) 4. Now comes d best one !! D volume of ringtone is surprisingly low. Though it provides MP3 ringtone, but even after setting a high pitched, loud sounded tone,its not audible frm d next room or in a moving bus.. The price of the phone is really a Champ but if d basic stuffs were taken care of then it would have been d best sets of d lot...
Pros: 1.size 2.Screen clarity 3.user friendly, 4.Good Sound effect Cons: 1. battery goes down within 1 day 2. GPRS not supprted for using internet 3.samsung applications consumes some cost 4.Screen Size too small
First of all i would thank Flipkart for giving timely delivery of the the phone. I got it one day before it was expected. As the phone is an entry level expectations of more features in this price range is useless. Battery backup is ok. Touch is good. Camera is poor.(I dont have issued with it) Some people say that this phone dose not support internet. But let me tell u i used Tata Docomo for Internet, called customer care for settings n it was done. Yes it is true that Net is a bit slow on this model. I used Facebook messenger,facebook app, opera mini, Default browser n they all worked. Sound quality is awesome. Previously i was using Nokia(Symbian) so in starting i felt a little bit uncomfortable with the interface but later i think this interface of Samsung is very user-friendly. In local i was getting this model at a price of Rs.3250(without Mo-life pouch). On flipkart i brought it for Rs. 3190(And pouch free). I would have loved it more if the battery backup would be more. But at this price range it is satisfactory. If you have light usage of internet,social sites, chatting this phone is great. :)
Good mobile for rough use , who use to make calls and messages always, basically I am a civil engineer. Battery Backup is too good. I am getting 3 days battery backup.
i bought this mobile from flipkart on nov 12, nearly 1 year is going to complete but not even hacked a single time ..... i am happy with this samsung product i would like to give my review regarding this product : 1).music (9/10) excellent 2).touch (7/10) ok 3).screen (6/10) too small screen (Not good to watch any video) 4).camera (2/10) very bad (.3 mp camera worst picture quality ever seen) 5).gaming (8/10) nice 6).internet/ its speed (8/10) nice (sometimes slow down due to network problem) if u want a mobile to enjoy music then this piece is perfect for u...:) but if u want nice pictures (Nice camera) then u should not go with this 1...:( overall ill say a nice mobile from samsung ....:)
GOOD WHILE IN USE. DOES NOT ATTRACT ATTENTION OF ROBBERS.PEOPLE PEEPING WITH CURIOSITY PERHAPS GET DEPRESSED SINCE SMALL HANDY. FEEL PITY FOR THE OWNERS. HENCE VERY SAFE
this is one of the worst phones manufactured by samsung . the touch sensitivity is very pathetic ,..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
The phone is good for day to day use. It has got dualSIM, VGA Camera, Opera Mini, ChatON, Facebook and so on. This phone supports GPRS only, no WiFi or even the EDGE. So, net browsing is slow. But writing this review through this phone with Vodafone Internet. Its best combination. . I feel this is so far best budget phone from Samsung in touch screen lineup. I was using Samsung Champ c3303 earlier, which works still now. I am a fanboy of SAMSUNG, Samsung is the best. Never used NOKIA as their handset has software, bug etc. Happy with c3262. I wish WS Retail reStocks it again so that I can buy few more for my family.
compare to other brands champ neos performance not bad 2days battery backup but only thing is very small screen under 3k overall champ neos a good product
i bought it before a week. it was good at that time. but now it is not working properly. 4 black lines is there and the contents are not clearly viewable. so pls dnt buy this phone.
First of all, I would like to thanks to Flipkart for their excellent service on time. This was our first time to experience this shopping, but it was really appreciable. I did not use this mobile for my personal use. I have gifted these mobiles to my parents. This mobile is very good if you don't want to use internet too often. I think this is the best choice for them who just use mobile for the calling purpose. In summary, we are 100% satisfied with this product. Just one recommendation, It would be good if Samsung provides one more extra battery.
Guy this phone is the worst phone made by samsung touch is very hard to use. Another thing it gives distrubed noise to other person whom u are talking with. God please punish Samsung for such worse phone.
I used this phone more than two years. It is a nice phone for ordinary users. Battery backup is very good. You can use this phone while travelling. It doesnot support any apps. It is very good phone for rough use. I think this fell down from my hand more than 70 times. Still it is working. Strongest phone.
My friend purchased it. He has been using it for 8 months. No problem till now... Go for it if your budget is under 3k and you like branded phone.
MICRO SD CARD DOES NOT WORK SINCE VERY FIRST DAY AND THE SAME WAS CONVEYED TO THE CUSTOMER CARE TOO. BUT SUDDENLY IT BEGAN TO WORK. HOWEVER THE JOY COULD NOT PERSIST AS IT AGAIN FAILED TO READ THE MICRO SD CARD. SINCE THEN I AM USING THE PHONE WITHOUT ANY CARD AND CAN'T ENJOY ANY MUSIC OR VIDEO
it's verry nice.it is a low budget mobile.long life battery.and it is small easy to carry.it is suitable for house wifes
The mobile is nt working touch problem..every thing is bad...nt charging...switch off itself..wen I am going to service center they r telling product is nt having warraty
Excellent phone for its price range of 2.7k. good battary backup, nice display and music. Worth buying it !!!
Samsung champ Neo Duos C3262 Worth for its price. Better Battery Life Sound very good. and Last Month i lost this mobile in a textile showroom. With in two days i got it back with the phone lock option in this mobile. Thanks a lot to SAMSUNG & FLIPKART & WS RETAIL also.
Not easy to use the touchscreen.. Bought it for a friend. have to use the phone hardly to make it work on the screen
there are features of twitter, internet, chats, etc in this phone dont support contents for downloading. so this phone is not good for internet usage at all. there are no unlocked games in this phone.
good buy cheap n simple but not very good ap[plications n games flipkart just rocks i got the product within 2 days flipkart
Its a small cute phone, does what it is supposed to for that money. its not a smartphone, a regular phone with touch support.
Recently I got Samsung Champ Neo Duos C3262. Really it is compact and working good. you can experience simple way of enjoying Touch screen world. Camera and touchscreen is working fine. Worth buying it.
Really good one. Very competitive rate. Delivery was also in time. I should recommends others to purchase and use the same.
Hi All, This is Kunal, Flipkart send me this product in time and its a great product, you can have opera min i browser, which is very useful to me to connect with my office and friends.
Though I bought this product for my father-in-law, no complain as of now form his side. Hope it's serving his needs nicely.
I had purchased this mobile recently. The device is good, But with a hard touch sensitivity & even the contents in the box shown on the web page will not be there properly. It is shown here that the box includes a USB along with a charger. But USB connector will not be there in the box.
