MOBDDA5Y6BKX6VHR
Since I'm the user of xperia P i've made a fare comparison B/w Xperia U and Miro Major Specs of xperia U 1)display - 480 x 854 pixels, 3.5 inches (~280 ppi pixel density) 2)Display engine - Sony Mobile BRAVIA Engine(plays HD videos without hangs and consumes less battery for display 3)processor - Dual-core 1 GHz Cortex-A9 4)camera - 5 MP, 2592 x 1944 pixels, autofocus, LED flash 5)Video Recording - 720p@30fps, video light 6)Memory - 8Gb inbuilt 7)Multitouch - Supports up to 4 Fingers at a time 8)Looks - Has transparent strip with changing colours and interchangable bottom cap 9)Price - 16,099Rs Specs Of Miro 1)Display - 320 x 480 pixels, 3.5 inches (~165 ppi pixel density) 2)Display engine - None 3)Processor - 800 MHz Cortex-A5(since it has a small processor HD videos wont play as smooth as in a dual core Phone) 4)Camera - 5 MP, 2592 x 1944 pixels 5)Video Recording - VGA@30fps 6)Memory - 4gb inbuilt 7)Multitouch - Supports up to 2 Fingers at a time 8)Looks - (My opnion)I think U is Better looking 9)Price - 14,499Rs For A Extra Price Of 1,600Rs U Get 1)A dual core Processor 2)HD video recording 3)Display with great resolution and great pixel density along with Sony Mobile BRAVIA Engine 4)Extra 4gb Memory 5)(My opinion)A better Looking Phone Thanks For reading the review .Thumbs Up if the Review Has helped you . Have a Good Day:-)
Screen: 9/10 Sound: 9/10 Body Shape: 10/10 (Far slimmer and better than other expensive xperia models) UI: 9/10 Camera with Flash: far better than other phones in range *You cannot find branded phone with ICS 4.0.4 along with LED flash 5MP quality camera in this price range. best you can get.
@rohit yadav, you are making a right choice by buying this phone. Its a good handset,of course with its own pros and cons. This is my first android smartphone and thus i cant exactly comment on the credibility of my review because being my first hi end phone i am completely happy with it. so ,lets start off with the screen. It has a 3.5" TFT scratch resistant screen with a resolution of 380x480 pixels which is pretty decent though some phones in the same range may give you a larger 4" screen with same or better resolution. But my personal opinion is that the larger the screen the more odd it becomes to talk on the phone and handle it. I cant type on a 4"-4.3" screen with a single hand and neither can most other people. But 3.5" is definitely comfortable though i have to use landscape mode but i am getting used to the normal mode as well. So the screen size and resolution compliments each other perfectly. Also that bravia engine makes watching HD videos an absolute pleasure. The touch responds very well without any noticeable time lag. The camera-This is one feature i am definitely not satisfied with. The camera is not that good but clicks decent pics. So if you are one of those guys who clicks pix anytime anyplace then i would suggest go for xperia u cause it has got a better camera though of same- 5 MP.( Also if you are a heavy duty photographer and want the best camera phone check out xperia ray.)Video recording is 30fps-VGA in miro, nothing fancy. No HD recording was a big disappointment. But the camera suits my needs and i suppose it should suit yours as well. One more thing i would like to add is that the cameras on sony phones are way too better than samsung,htc,nokia..so dont get disheartened, the camera quality will not disappoint you. I would give brownie points to the flash,front camera and panorama view(these are better than most phones). Video chatting is a very good experience. Multimedia experience- As i said before HD videos run pretty well thanks to the bravia engine and dedicated adreno 200 mhz graphics. The music also plays very good as it comes with an integrated walkman and some Xloud feature which enhances the listening experience. Processor-It sports a 800 mhz qualcomm processor which lived up to my expectation. Many online tech reviewers said that android 4.0 ICS requires atleast 1ghz to work properly and i doubt it. The processor is pretty good and the phone doesnt slow down no matter how many apps you are running in the background. (I usually run atleast 4-5 and still no lag) Battery- Since i was using a normal samsung phone before, battery used to run pretty long. But this being a smartphone you need to charge it atleast once every day. Also it discharges soon as compared to your regular low end phones but that was expected as all other smartphones also do that. Software- Android OS is right now the most used mobile operating system and now I know why. It has got lots of apps-paid and free both(free apps are the ones majority look forward to). Preloaded apps are not that bad but not good either. So you will have to download apps to have a good android experience. Also 1 major flaw is that there is no proper file manager. The astro file manger is pre loaded but i am not getting how it works. It is not reading the phone memory.Each time i want to add some pics or music i have to use the computer. If anyone knows how to sort these issues out please reply. So all in all- PROS-One of the better looking phones available right now Budget smartphone impressive screen Cons-camera and also i think it is priced 1-1.5k higher than it should have been. BUT definitely worth it. Thank you for your patience to read till the end.
I got the delivery today via flipkart self delivery. Response given from flipkart was really nice. My first android phone so, According to me Camera quality is awesome, with led flash. Facebook integrated in xperia feature really helps, According to themes the notification light changes d colour. Nice sound clarity. Android ICS 4.0 .. Internal memory..2gb accessible, which is not bad. VGA front facing camera is bit dark, and no additional features like brightness given.. Overall i will say an Android phone with all required features. Price should be 12-13k later.. :) Thank u!!
Here someone is comparing it with DELL XCD 35 but it is not woth comparing...Miro comes with android 4.0 ICS and dell comes with android 2.2,,,Miro has 5mp camera with flash and front camera and dell comes with 3.2mp camera and the most important thing is dell have 200mb internal memory and miro have 4gb internal memory. There are more features that sony xperia miro have but dell xcd 35 does not have like dlna certified,3D and motion gaming.. I just want to say that i have purchased and experienced it and it is the best phone in 15k range.
1st to flipkart, this the 2nd time I got delivery of any product late then expected. now to the set, it looks so much classy then the other companies android phone in this budget. the ICS runs smoothly instead of having 512MB RAM. it runs motion sensing games without any hazard & the default launcher is so good that i tried many launcher but nothing attracts me more. about the internal storage i installed so many apps & games but it till shows me 700mb empty. the display is quite good of this size. i read some reviews that the display is crap, i wanna ask them does they want SUPER LED display in this budget. the sound quality of the phone is good but SONY disappoints with the headset. my ears starts paining after 15minutes song listening. now the camera quality is not that good though it's 5mp & about the front camera it's just for the internet video calls not for 3G video call. also everyone talking about the heating issue & i also seriously concern about this. and lastly a confusion about the SAR value, SONY replied me to my question about this as 1.37 but flipkart is showing 0.87. i am still not sure about it. And finally if u want to explore the android world, u must buy this phone but if yours expectation for other features like camera etc are far more than android then you would be disappointed buying this & if u want a combo pack then think & then go for it.
Hi I bought this phone yesterday and amazing features. The Touch pad sensor as compared to any Samsung phone is far better. Sound of the Phone is amazing. Video Resolution gives you a feel that you are watching live Movie on a LED Screen despite this set doesn't have BRAVIS engine. All in All a very satisfied user and would recommend to you all.
1) I have had my Miro for barely two weeks and already the external speaker crapped out on me! I was playing music and all of a sudden, I heard what sounded like a fuzzy, crackling sound coming from the speaker and within about 5 seconds, the music faded away and the crackling got louder for a second or two, and then-----no sound. And now it will not play any sounds. The earpiece and headphone jack work, but the loudspeaker will not. So it sucks because now I can't tell when i receive a text or a phone call, I have to keep checking. Does anybody else have this problem? 2) After using GPS while charging or playing games on the phone for about 30 minutes the phone heats up. When it's a bit warmer (not dangerously hot), the phone's speakers stop working - only high pitched beeps and "white noise" can be heard from the speakers (or just silence).
This phone has auto restart issue.. It just restarts during calls and when idle.. now I'm running to the Sony Service center.. Quality of the device is not upto Sony standards... Sony service replaced a new phone.. it is the same case with new set also. worst phones are Sony Xperia phones and the service is even worst... no one is responding to my emails.. The problem with this mobile: 1. Auto restart issue during calls and otherwise 2. Over Heating in just few minutes of use 3. Flimsy build quality(if u drop it, forget it) this is my experience with this mobile
flipkart delivered me this phone on monday....a commendable job by flipkart of delivering in 3-4 days inspite of that customer service girl telling that it would take 6-8 days. now about the phone- many of reviewers here are comparing it with xperia u. first of all this is a review section not a compare one and second thing you need to buy a product ,experience it first hand and then give your opinion. reading specs doesnt give you a good idea about the product. i had a budget of about 12k and the best buy i was about to get was samsung ace. but last week while browsing flipkart i came across this phone. i agree it should have been priced 1k lower than what it is. but the phone is new and way better than sansung galaxy ace . now my personal opinion is that the 800mhz processor can definitely give you satisfaction coz anyone of us would not use a 1ghz processor to its max capacity even if we buy it. the camera is pretty awesome. apps are great. just one hitch. the pre installed astro file manager is way too complicated and i am not getting how to fix it properly to arrange my songs,videos,docs etc etc. so if anyone knows please reply. again i would say a great phone . best looking smartphone from sony in this range. definitely better than the chinese-diwali looking xperia u with that stupid patti around. gosh how do people like such stupid designs?
This cellphone is going to kill all competitors.. having all good features but only the con is it must have the 1Ghz processor no matter it will be a single core..because for ICS it should have the 1Ghz processor,otherwise Tipo dual will good1 as compared to price..!!!
Its the best phone in 12k range.The features are just awsome.Excellent features in great price.I have been using this for three months without any problem. The Features- OS-10/10 what can be better than android Processor-9/10 No lags or freezes.Excellent performance.It is unbelievable that the processor is only 800mhz.It feels like 1-1.2 ghz.Its even faster than galaxy s duos which has 1ghz processor Camera-6/10 A bit disappointing.It is good in good light condition but not in low light condition. RAM-10/10 512 mb is enough for all your work Gaming-10/10 Very good performance.High graphics games like gta 3 and nfs most wanted run smoothly.Also games like angry birds and temple run plays smooth even after background programs Design-20/10 SIMPLY BEST!!!!!!far slimmer and stylish than other expensive phones If you want a phone under 13k with cool looks and good performance,Dont search any more.You just found what you want. You will regret if you dont buy!!!!
just got it delivered today nice packaging from flipkart. Much better than expected my first android phone and im loving it, the build quality is sturdy, flawless and intuitive timescape user interfere, color reproduction is really good, stylish design with light indicator its bit girly phone, only 800mhz processor bt works great cos nt interested playing high graphic game in a phone my laptop take of my graphic gaming experience , 1500 milli ampere battery gives nice backup evn after browsing and playing video, takes not so high bt average picture guality Only drawback is cannot upgrade 2 jelly bean stuck to ICS forever, auto focus takes time while taking pics, low screen resolution cos low ppi otherwise this phone rocks solid in this price range.
Flipkart Delivery is simply awesome..I booked my phone on 26th December 2012 Morning and i got delivery of my phone on very next day i.e. on 27th December 2012 around 1 pm. Im so so much glad to see my new phone. Thanks to flipkart. About Phone Good things:- 1) Notification is simple great..blue light blinks for missed calls,recd. msg, pink light for email and wassup notification, Charging is going on green and yellow light and when battery is fully charged than green light. you dnt have to check your mobile every time .u can jst chk lights on phone. Awesome feature 2) design very stylish and flat ( black model) 3) resolution is pretty decent and screen is fine. 4) listening Music is simply gr888 experience. Afterall sony model..) headphones good. 5)Touch is smooth 6) Applications running smoothly. no lagging. things need to improve is 1) camera quality is poor( Secondary camera) 2) if u set an alarm and at the time of alarm ur phone is switched off than that alarm is not going to buzz. 3) need to undergo lengthy process to store particular contact number. 4) price is little high. i got this at 12990. i guess price should be max 11500/- Rs Well overall nice experience with this phone. Happy to buy this Phone... Thanks Flip kart team. Thanks all for reading this review..
Firstly let me Thank flipkart, It just took me 2 days to get the phone delivered. Sony Xperia Miro is the best branded phone in that range and I am already in love with it. The look and design makes the phone very attractive. Earlier I had Xperia J, but handling that phone was bit risky due to its size. Miro is best suit for IT people like me. Touch screen is so delicate and the sound effect is something which makes u go crazy.
It is just an average phone to satisfy the people who can't afford Xperia U or Xperia J. Bad...... 1. Camera is great only in good sun light. Not good even wen shooting in cloudy. Flash is use less one. 2. Battery life is not at all good, Sony is true in this thing 2-3 hr if fully on net(2G),even worse if in 3G. 3. Heat production is too high. 4. Speakers not covered well, if we place the phone on a level surface(Screen upward) we will not here the ringing of the phone... 5. We have to remove the back cove and the Battery if we wand to change the Micro-SD card and SIM. Good..... 1. Looks.......! 10/10 for Sony in this caise. 2. ICS runs smoothly on this device, no lagging at all. 3. Online Integration. Go for this one only if u ar not satisfies with Tipo or Samsung Music and can't afford Xperia U or Xperia J. The 5Mb auto focus primary cam(which is not great) a 0.3 MP Secondary Camera & 3.5-inch Touchscreen are the areas which is differ from Xperia tipo, All other's are same including the processor and GPU. But as I sed look id entirely different.
Good hardware specs for the price. Size, weight and dimensions are good. Apps run well...overall a good phone. The only thing negative..is the screen resolution even if i am willing to forgive the camera(5MP).
I bought one. First days it shows RAM Dump issue. and phone restarts. It continued. Some times network lost or internet lost, I used to restart this times. After 6 days Mobile DEAD. I think I am unlucky. Any way Company replaced ......
Awesome design, Excellent experience with Android v4 OS, Excellent 5MP camera. More memory space in the phone, so that we can install all types of apps and enjoy... Excellent voice quality in speakers. Price should have been reduced to 13.5k or give some offers like free 8 GB memory card and so...
awesome phone with superb display!! user interface is very much better than samsung. if you are looking for phone below 15k this is the best option. The most impressive thing about this phone is its DISPLAY. You can watch HD movies with great clarity. the sleek design is very attractive and also very easy to handle. 800 MHz processor is good. The phone doesnt lag. Camera quality is good. But video recording quality is OK OK!! but overall this phone rocks. You will just enjoy using this phone. That is what i am doing now. So if you are looking to buy this phone just go for it guys.
Live with Walkman is a better buy than this. I have it and I got it easily for 12.5k. It has much better features than this set. Moreover this set is highly overpriced as well. Other options include Black berry and Omnia w.
totally agree with everyone, the phone specification with that price tag doesnt match at all, they(sony) should have packed this gadget wit atleast 1ghz processor even its single core for power consuming apps, even the camera doesnt have 720p recording, the screen a bit small, at least 3.7 inch should have been the standard for that price, on the other hand well its a good phone,but gonna wait for sometime to buy this phone when the price comes down otherwise dnt want to regret giving them extra price for lower specification,
Excellent Service from Flipkart and thanks for the Christmas offers :) Now about phone, let me be frank on one thing, I am not an expert phone reviewer with hands on multi brand phones, below review is based on my/user experience. This is my second smart phone earlier I owned Samsung Galaxy Ace which I bought 2 years back. So in review I compared xperia miro and galxy ace which many people may not agree but to be frank its very fair comparison, so Sony loyalists pardon me :) I have mentioned some of the key/basic parameters which matters when you are there out to buy a phone. Speed : it's GOOD much better than Galaxy ace, initially I was afraid with same processor clock as that of Ace whether ICS(Ace only has Ginger bread) will work but my doubt got cleared when I installed tons of app and started using, the speed is far better than Ace. Display: AVERAGE, certainly not better than galaxy ace, you will notice display of Miro annoying when you open the word doc or pdf, that's because of poor pixel density. You open anything like image or pdf or even app icons in app drawer you will notice lines first (because of low pixel density) before you notice image or doc content :) so definitely I am disappointed. Battery: VERY GOOD compared to Galaxy Ace, with same usage I used to charge Galaxy Ace thrice a day but Miro lasts one and half day with same usage. Camera: VERY POOR, Galaxy ace is much better, I tested the camera of Miro in outdoor, in day time, with or without flash, so as per my experience the pic quality is very poor. Nowhere pics looks like 5MP camera pics. Sorry about video which I did not test. Build Quality: BETTER and looks more stylish than Galaxy Ace and frankly I won’t expect more in 13K in this area :) Sound: External speaker sound quality is good. But listening to music with ear phone it's not impressive, I tested outdoor in traffic with all the surrounding noise with Sony ear phone which comes with box, sound is not that much audible, so I thrown away those ear phones and used my own stereo In-Ear phones and tested. What I found is sound quality is average (I was expecting more), yes better than Galaxy Ace. But one thing I want mention here is in Galaxy Ace I used listen Music using PlayerPro music player which is Trial/Free app and with DSP pack enabled (which is free) the sound quality much better even it beats Miro. And some of you may ask what’s the experience with PlayerPro installed on Miro, well believe me it's pathetic :) I am yet to figure out why. Features: Definitely Miro has more features than Ace but believe me as per my experience you will get many free apps in Android market which offers similar features(may not be all) even on my old Galaxy Ace :) like the one I mentioned in Sound review area. Well I surprised to see Sony won’t provide built in File browser like Galaxy Ace, what they provide is File Astro which is available in android market :) Below are some of the very annoying things which I feel worth to mention about Miro . In Simple terms it's not easy to put SD card in to phone in Miro it’s as good as putting new battery or SIM card. In Galaxy ace it was very simple, just unmount the SD card and put another one and mount, no need to restart the phone or pull the back case like in Miro :( In galaxy ace the external speaker and phone power port we can close properly, In miro it's open welcoming the Dust :) specially the front speaker place, which is like Dust bin without proper sponge cover up to phone external surface. So definitely it will cause problem for you if you are rough/outdoor user. I installed home replacement app in Miro from market becoz I did not like built in one, then observed it won’t show many of the Sony default home replacement widgets, which was not the case in Galaxy Ace. Okay, there are many things which I like or don’t like about Miro but tried to put important ones which I experienced while using. What I feel is in this price category and in current competitive phone market I was expecting more from Brand “Sony”, given one star extra for ICS support….well finally decision is yours, hope my review help you...Happy Shopping :)
Every person buying an android phone should check these features: 1)Dual core or single core chip 2)Call quality 3)Battery life 4)RAM 5)ROM 6)how many updates will it get 7)User feedback 8)The quality of after sales service. 9)Is it easy to hold, finger prints and any other issues. 10)Does it generate any heat etc
My friend bought this mobile. Its screen size is very small. Processor is also of 800mhz and no dual core. SO WHAT IS THIS PRICE TAG FOR !!! Better go for Micromax A110 Canvas 2 which has 1ghz dual core processor, 5 inch screen and 8mp camera. If you dont believe me then take a look to that mobile yourself(available on flipkart). DONT BUY THIS MOBILE. COMPANY IS CHARGING FOR NOTHING !!!!!!!!! LIKE THIS REVIEW SO THIS IS ALWAYS ON TOP !!!!!!!!
To Guys who compare this phone with Xperia U; Xperia U has no expandable memory; it comes with just around 4 GB user accessible memory. Xperia U comes with Android Gingerbread as of now, whereas Miro has Android ICS. I agree there are some features & capabilities where Xperia U is better than Miro, but restriction of 4 GB memory will matter to those who wish to install lots of Games, Videos and Songs etc on their phone. So think well before buying.
FIRSTLY I WILL SAY THAT IT IS A GOOD PHONE BUT THERE IS ONLY TWO DIFFERENCES IN TIPO AND MIRO WHICH IS ONLY FOR CAMERA AND SCREEN- 1). THERE IS 2 CAMERAS IN MIRO WITH FLASH BUT TIPO HAS ONLY ONE CAMERA WITHOUT FLASH!!! THIS IS NOT A BIG DIFFERENCE!!! I GUESS:) 2). SCREEN-- THAT WILL ALSO NOT MAKE A BIG DIFFERENCE 3.5 AND 3.2 IS THAT BIG???? :/ YOU THINK YOURSELF AND THE PRICE IS ALSO LESS FOR TIPO.... SO, ITS YOUR CHOICE :) :D
the specs are just more than good but at the sme time price makes it blurred as u see at this price range sony should have provide at least 3.7' screen and 1 Ghz processor for flawless working of ICS, n it will make it a futuristic fone. in my opinion people should wait for atleast a month i am sure price will reduce as xperia j is also in pipeline with a price tag around 16k
Will surely give 5 stars once its price gets reduced to arnd 13k. Bt otherwise its a masterpiece entry level beast :D :D ICS 3.5" SCREEN Front CAM+ 5MP wid LED Illuminating Strip and Mindblowing Design at last brand value of SONY Wil wait for a month or so let d price come dwn :P :P
I purchased this mobile one year back after looking at its good reviews and what not.... Unfortunately it was not that good for me. Its screen display gone, I needed to replace whole display screen (Thank god the phone was in warranty period so my pocket was safe) Recently its USB port was not working. I could not charge my phone. I asked some of my friends who suffer from same issue, they had phone in warranty period so again their pockets were saved... Now, service center guy told me it need replacement of whole mother board and that will cost me around 5-6K. Its better to purchase the new phone again than wasting money on the same.
Please dont buy this phone...its a good looking bad piece...n it gets more worst after using it for 4-5 months. i bought this phone in jan'13 n now as on date its as slow as bullock cart...and all your apps show that " .com.truecaller.com has suddenly stopped".. n so on....all your apps will start saying the same after use of 5 months..its really irritating. N please do not opt for sony....pleasee........
a very bad phone has voice cracking problem which is not repairable even after 2 sevices please dont choose any sony phone u will just waste your money.the service centre people would also not talk properly .their sevice is very bad.
well, in around of budget arround 10000-12000, SONY+ANDROID is way better than crap samsung.. built quality, hardware are quite good :)) Camera quality nicw ( 5.0 mp) with flash :)) BUY even with blind eyes :)
The phone undoubtedly looks good and makes you feel good when you hold it! It is sleek, compact and just made out for your hands. It gives you the Smartphone experience you were looking for. The display is not that great though! You can still manage to watch your favorite movies and TV shows with proper video players and a decent memory card. But do not expect a sharp, crisp and luxurious interface. The Walkman doesn't serve volume as an integral part of your earphone-listening experience but the equilizer is a real beauty, as always! :) Camera- 5 MP. Very very satisfying. It also has a flash and it captures the videos well too. When you flood your phone memory with your music files (user mem: 2.2 GB), the games like Temple Run will lag irritatingly. But take a deep breath and relax. There is always your 32 GB Expandable Memory card slot for the rescue! :) On the whole, a satisfying smartphone worth your money. (Specially if you are a fan of ICS! ;) )
one word!!!..awesome phone with awesome features in this range... thums up!!! for sony experia miro!!! far better than samsung!! fast processing!!! classy look!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
such a good camera quality ...with x loud application ...better than galxy s duos l5...... go for it... Great below 13000..... Here are the features.. Android v4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) OS 800 MHz Scorpion Processor Wi-Fi Enabled 5 MP Primary Camera 0.3 MP Secondary Camera 3.5-inch TFT Capacitive Touchscreen Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB
i buy my Sony Miro on 26th Jan,2013, within 15 days the phone got dead ....................... after submitting to Sony service center they said it will take 10 days to repair problem was like Mother board problem......... i waited till 12 days when i was cross check with service center they said work under process delivery timing timing not mention the answer is fix will call when its done..................... i really got stressed due to this issue. ASK FOR replacement with product the answer is No............. I SURPRISED WHAT SHIT KIND OF SERVICE OF SONY ............................................................OFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF.
My first Android Smartphone. I have been using it since 1 week, I am completely satisfied with Sony Miro. I dont see any settings for LED Illumination. Illuminating based on the default setting in the phone...:-( Facebook processes and services keep on running in the background and consuming more memory, cpu and battery as well. Also I could not able to uninstall it as it is a factory installed app. Gonna do more R&D on this phone and apps.
Only wow, excellent smart phone, slim, fast, graphics (5/5). Thanks to flipkart for fast delivery. This is best buy for 4.0 android. Deal is also good: 8 GB memory card free, Its worth to have such a wonderful device.
THis mobile is awesome . It has 800mhz cortex a-5 processor and 512 mb RAm but performs like 1.2ghz processor .... It IS very fast ,i had seen no lag in mobile phone ,, All The Games are working fine without any lag . I had tested frontline commando, Temple run , Temple run Brave ,Istunt 2 ,Need for speed most wanted , asphalt 7 ,all the games are working fast on this mobile Phone . I had tested in my own mobile phone . But its camera Quality is not good .I rated camera quality to 8/10. but camera is fine but there is not very good quality of camera and the phone is not able to play 720p HD videos . I SUGGEST YOU TO BUY THIS MOBILE PHONE ON BEHALF ON OTHERS . NOTE:DON'T BUY SAMSUNG GALAXY S DUOS BECAUSE THE PHONE LAG SOMETIME
I had purchased this mobile has as an excellent features much better than windows phone connectivity is fast ,sound and picture quality is decent ............. the Phone comes with preinstalled features and also camera quality is good with decent flash and
Its the best phone in this price range,dont think twice just go ahead and buy i have been using it for a month now and it beats all my expectations the camera is awesome,the sound quality is far better than any phone I've yet come across ........
I am very satisfied with the quality and specs provided. Everything is alright except the Look of the Phone.Looks liitle bit on dull side It should have been more attractive. Otherwise Good value for money.
Pros: 1. Fast for a 512 MB RAM Phone. 2. Android is awesome. 3. UX and UI are neat and intuitive. 4. Sleek design and style. Cons: 1. Pictures look a little hazy for a 5MP camera. If you aspire for a completely connected experience on your phone it's definitely the best choice in the provided price range.
Apart from the camera which is not impressive(main camera takes some time to focus and the front camera does not perform properly even under bright light)...other features are awesome interface is very smooth. sony did something very good by enabling facebook integration(you have to see it to appreciate it). simple yet stunning design. headset provided was awesome. resolution is good although gamers may expect more. sound quality is god like(the walkman app is amazing and the Xloud feature good). 3.5 screen is good enough and bright. pretty handy widgets on the home screens. all in all except for the camera(which might disappoint some of you)...its undoubtedly one of the best smartphone in this price bracket..(12k-13k).
The mobile is a better choice for Android users...but beware of the misbehaviour by some problems of the mobile especially the camera.... pros - -the mobile is fast with its processor.... -no hangovers -fast charge -sound quality is ok -picture quality is really fine -most of the game runs without hanging except few racing games with starts lagging with slow performance -picture quality of the camera is great as seen by me in my laptop after snap -fast access to internet means awesome connectivity -the inbuilt browser is the best -fine feather-touch like touch -best resolution -*********---many more pros are there----***********stopping ri8 here.... cons- -camera flash is not upto mark...night photos are very poor.... -to get a better photo u need to adjust the lights properly -not at all smart camera -picture quality sometimes becomes flickering & hazzy when ur ram is loaded with apps & less memory.. -downloaded songs from internet does not automatically adds to music player as the folder where the songs are downloaded could not be found... -memory card all folders are not accessible...i don't understand why....only when connected to a pc or laptop the folders could be accessed.. -camera problem is big concern as it has already happened to me within a month of usage...different linings comes to the bottom of photos... -sometimes when the camera is started for few seconds the view by camera is hazzy.... Overall, speaking frankly & honestly i love the mobile & also everyone will love with its looks, back-cover, overall performance..... The best mobile by Sony....with this 12K range..... Go for it.....not all mobile will gets worsen as my mobile camera..... It will be a great purchase for mobile users......as I compared a lot of mobiles..... This is the best than any other mobiles (like Samsung, HTC, Nokia...etc...) available with this range .....I will give it 5-stars still with all my cons....
I bought this phone before 2 months. It was good looking and slim too. Avail in 3 different colors..black looks cool.It comes with up-datable option of Android os. When comes to the audio quality it was some what lagging in that. Headset accessory is not that much good. And Camera clarity is brilliant. Battery back up is excellent and it stands for 1 and half days.
Really good phone for this cost, even though many brands are there with some extra specs. But Sony is always Sony !! Close your eyes and go for this product if you are looking to buy an android 4 phone with this cost!
if u want a cool phone 50 appln in my mobile).and temple run also works if u keep it in internal storage :) only cons is that it may be better if they have provided 1ghz processor in place of 800mhz ..rest all is fine ...you will get every thing is this phone... its have been 2 weeks and till now no issue ...:) so as i suggest you can go for this.
sony miro is a good handset, but if u encounter a problem with the handset, then its u and the phone.The company or the after sales would not support it.buy some phone which has a good service network,dont go for xperia miro.
How Xperia miro better then Samsung galaxy ace plus : 1)better touch 2)front camera 3)lite in weight 110 gm (galaxy ace plus 115gm) 4)better design 5)3d gaming 6) higher ppi 7)xloud sound 8)Scratch-resistant glass 9)Android 4.0 in built 10) Exposure compensation 11)Thinner then ace plus How Samsung galaxy ace plus is better then Xperia miro: 1)3.65 inches screen 2) 800 x 480 pixels 30 fps 3)Higher Processor 1000 MHz (800 MHz in xperia miro) 4) Bluetooth 3.0 My opinion : Go for xperia miro . Amazing phone in this range.
I bought this phone 2 weeks back and I must say its an awesome phone. Touch is good, interface is awesome and so is the camera quality and Voice. I didn't found any flaws in it Great phone for the ones who does not want to spend more than 15k on phones. Its good in its every feature.
this is best option for those looking for stylish phone with large display. sony eriksson live with walk man is another option which has all the properties of this, but due to small size and better visual experience this has the upper hand. it has 800Ghz processor, 512 ram and 4 gb internal memory.hence it looks superior to other phones of this range. this is based on my usage, i would wholeheartedly suggest this model for people looking to buy smart phones of this range.
I waited a long time to take the plunge into smartphone purchase and the wait has been justified. Has all the features of a high end phone at half the price - front camera, LED flash and WiFi tethering. Love the music features and quality - shows the rich Sony Walkman history. Photo quality has been great - definitely don't need to carry my Canon 5 MP digital camera any more. Only complaint that I have is that clicking on icons does not appear to be very responsive - maybe just my neophyte touchability.
I am using this mobile for last 1 week or so. It is performing brilliantly. I have installed several big games and apps , and all are working fine with 800 MHz processor. Touchpad is awesome, display is brilliant, sound quality is superb. Pros: 1. Good processor 2. Smooth touch 3. Good display 4. Smart wifi connection with wifi hotspot 5. Front facing camera for video calling Cons: 1. Wallpaper setting process a bit hectic as the screen resolution is bit low 2. Camera quality is not up to the mark Overall a good value for money.
Awesome phone!!!!! By reading its specifications i can say this guy will definitely rocks the market. But couple of things i found that this guy is not correctly priced is: 1)instead of 800mhz its should have atleast 1ghz processor 2)also the display resolution and ppi is low it is 320x480 and 165 respectively. I THINK 13,500 OR BELOW WOULD HAVE BEEN COMPETITIVE PRICE!! But guys this phone is not at all bad as it has only 800mhz processor,check some reviews on youtube of this phone,for ex:PHONEARENA REVIEW OR GADGETS PORTAL,IN there reviews i found that this baby can run HD games smoothly without any lags for ex: TEMPLE RUN etc. ALSO to say that it can play videos upto 800x480 pixels.also HD by downloading some video players from market. They states that the display is very colorful compared to other phones,think it has sony's reality display support though not mentioned here. Also 165ppi woun't be a problem at all You can easily read small texts by just zooming in.You know Galaxy Y has only 133ppi. AND TO CONCLUDE I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO BUY THIS PHONE,LITTLE CONFUSED ABOUT THE PRICE ONLY BECAUSE ADDITIONAL 1500 CAN BE PUT TO PURCHASE XPERIA U.BUT DEFINITELY I DON'T WANT XPERIA U BECAUSE I JUST LOVE THIS BABY VERY MUCH,HOPING ITS PRICE WILL REDUCE...FASTLY AND ALSO ITS NOT AVAILABLE IN KERALA YET FROM STORES....
its a complete waste ...my brothr has bought ths phone due to 4inch display... n I hv d sony xperia u... I compared it, snd sum hd video via bluetooth to miro... n it hangs while playng hd video, xo no doubt it wil also hang whl playng game too... as its 800 mhz processor... n adreno 200 graphics, which same as xperia tipo.... so in my opinion betr add 500rs more n buy xperia u... u wont regret... it has 1ghz processor dual core... n with mali-400 graphics, d graphics which is used in sumsung galaxy note2,sgs3, ... d nly con is that it has nly out of 8gb nly 4gb user accessible .bt it hs usb on d go support , u cn watch movie via pendrv , xo its a plus point,.. xo go for it....
First point is u people will spend 15k for just 800 MHz Qualcomm Scorpion if u people r getting 1ghz processor wid dual core at same price i mean to say xperia u.. see i dnt want to say anythng bad to anyones choice bt dnt want anyones money to get waste oso.. u will say knw miro comes wid inbuilt androd 4.0 bt xperia u oso comes preloaded android 4.0 if u buy frm shwroom
I bought this phone on my birthday .The service of flipkart was excellent. Received the phone within 2 days of order. Now this set is having a issue of restart while having any conversation. Yes, it can not work a phone. I asked flipkart to replace the set and they replaced it with a new set. Thanks flipkart for that. But my bad luck , this set is having the same issue. Had done os repair, reset , sim change -nothing works. Have given to the sony service center at indiranagar, and those idiots have reinstalled the os, while sony has not released any os update which i told them. So it is continuing the problem. I am never going to buy a sony product again. It has lost its quality. Buy some other company phone , like samsung ,nokia. Atleast you can make a call then.
Please avoid buying this phone. The guys who rated 5 star, 4 star are dumb and real idiots out there. payed 15 k for a 8k phone .... oh !!! SAVE YOUR hard earned money.... just compare this phone with Dell XCD 35, which comes @7.5 - 8k DISPLAY : DELL - 400*800 SUPER AMOLED, I own this phone.... SONY MIRO : 320*480 (POOR res. looks choppy) camera : DELL - 3.5 MP, WITH AUTO FOCUS, NO FLASH, Image quality is exceptional. camera : sony miro - 5 MP, FLASH is only plus point for this phone. Other features mentioned comes with a standard camera app like camera 360/ camera fx and other camera apps. processor: dell - 600 MHz (can be overclocked to 710 Mhz)- runs smooth with SPB shell 3d launcher on android 2.3 EVEN WITH A HIGH RES DISPLAY. PROCESSOR : SONY - 800 Mhz - FOR 15K 1.0 GHZ WAS THE LEAST EXPECTED. SPB SHELL 3D WONT LOOK GREAT IN SUCH SMALL RES. SCREEN. Games like Modern combat, temple run, asphalt 7...many more.. require 1 Ghz processor for smoother game play.... this phone lacks here too... RAM : DELL XCD 35 - 512 MB RAM : SONY MIRO : 512 MB, SHOULD HAVE BEEN 1 GB AT LEAST.... ALL OTHER FEATURES ARE SIMILAR TO 7.5K DELL XCD 35. DON'T GO BY THE APPS THE COMPANY PROVIDE ... THEY ARE READILY AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOAD FROM ANDROID MARKET... THIS CHEAP PUBLICITY (JACKET STORE AD) IS USUALLY DONE BY SAMSUNG IN THEIR TV ADS.... JUST TO CHEAT Although did nt expect this product from SONY. AGGRESSIVE PRICING STRATEGY....
Most of the features are alike to any other Sony mobiles. It's make and quality are upto the mark. Pros Good camera quality(primary camera) Nice design Quality of the sound Cons Display (the ppi of display is to low for this cost) Processor & RAM - It could have been better, so that the performance would be better Finally, if the performance isn't a requirement(especially to play high end games), this would be in the list of choices to make.
I bought this phone 3 weeks before from showroom..after one week it starts restarting itself and in middle of call....I did the factory reset..no use problems continues...so please don't buy this phone..it won't worth the money....please don't fell in its configuration....front camera also very bad,it is almost dark in a well lighted room...
Here someone is comparing it with DELL XCD 35 but it is not woth comparing...Miro comes with android 4.0 ICS and dell comes with android 2.2,,,Miro has 5mp camera with flash and front camera and dell comes with 3.2mp camera and the most important thing is dell have 200mb internal memory and miro have 4gb internal memory. There are more features that sony xperia miro have but dell xcd 35 does not have like dlna certified,3D and motion gaming.. I just want to say that i have purchased and experienced it and it is the best phone in 15k range.
After using it for 1 month, the positives are- 1) Excellent screen 2)Very good battery backup 3) Excellent sensors as compared to galaxy series 4) Good Camera. Just go for it. This is the best device in this range.
This is an excellent phone from the hardware point of view. Sony as always has delivered a very good phone. Few improvements I like are mainly in the OS bundling point of view. Native Android is very raw. It looks like Sony is provided native OS with their launcher - Timescape user interface. They should bring in more features like battery status in % view, calendar sync with Facebook, name search in contact and not just number search as a built in feature. Not sure if the high end Sony phones have these, but I expect these basic software/app features to be in all the variants. It looks odd to have a 3rd party app not in sync with the Sony's Timescape user interface. May be Sony should learn to bundle the product well. Otherwise a good phone.
The best phone in this price Affordable,strength,quality,economical,physically worth buying Best part is the screen does not break on falling hard enough Worth every penny in this phone Ex let's take xperia tipo Just same as this phone but a bit smaller in size and less in weight just the main difference is that the size of the screen is a bit smaller or u must go for the sony xperia tipo That is also worth every penny
Sony revealed the Android 4.1 update schedule for its Selected Xperia smartphones. Sony Xperia T, Xperia TX and Xperia V will be getting the Jelly Bean update "during February and March," while Xperia P, Xperia J and Xperia go will be upgraded "from the end of March," according to Sony Mobile's official blog. Xperia S, Xperia SL, Xperia ion and Xperia acro S will get the update in "subsequent weeks." Unfortunately for owners of the Xperia U, Xperia miro, Xperia tipo and Xperia sola, Sony has decided not to upgrade these devices beyond Android 4.0. So Be Careful While Buying Sony Phones. If You Want A Jelly Bean Go For Samsung, Htc ..... Brands Don't Waste Your Money On It.
its nice i love Sony as i ever used this company's mobiles. the camera result is too good...... ..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................go with this stuff,,,,,,,, and enjoy the world of android
awsome mobile......with HD recording.........n camera is quality is toooooooooooooooo amzing....best mobile...........no waste of money in buying this moblie......and it s amzing features will really attract u guys,....
We purchased Xperia U for 16600 INR, But we didnt yet get ICS update, Noe Sony releasing mobile with ICS for 14,999/-. Tommorow they will release other mobile with Jelly bean for 10,000/-, So please wait for next advanced model with latest technology. Poor Company.... Quit Sony Please....!
plz don't buy this phone its just a wastage of your money instead of this buy another phones which are far better than this i really very disappointed with this phone
awesome music....good clarity on every beat!!!!when comes to cam clarity its not that much what we have expected
Dear Mobiles User, I have been using Sony MIRO since 8 month.One of the worst experience of my life. uncountable faults. 1>call disconnection while talking. 2>system hanging is one of the well known issue in sony,dont know hy it is so. Dear Sony team, Please stop making fool to customers. Think 100 times before u think to buy it.
I purchased this phone from Flipkart exactly a year back. I was thoroughly impressed by Flipkart's service, no issues about that. Its the phone that is the root cause of a truckload of issues. Without delving much into details, let me just advise wannabe buyers to stay away from the Miro, & go for other Sony phones, like the M, or the L, which are much better, & value for money. There is absolutely no point being a disgruntled owner of the Miro, like I am.
Lots of Issue after using about a Year,,,, Some time Touch stop working, need to remove battery to operate again, Headset jack not working properly, getting switched off automatically, automatically screen locked several times, almost all application shows error after opening it, need to open again to open the app, and many more,,,,, Thanks,
hi fiends, i'm using this phone since dec 2012 .phone is average in all respect . camera quality is less then that of 2 megapixel (although it's having 5 mp).very poor quality. in night it becomes even miserable.highly disappointed. Flash LED will not add any value to it .it is not expected from a brand like it (sony).
Recently i bought this phone few days it's working condition is good but few days later it give some tragedy that's are hanging,automatic switch off&switch on.some time i speak with someone on in this phone that time it will automatically switched off so pls don't buy this phone...
I purchased it for my wife. phone, camera, sound, touch are good. phone mic is not so impressive..slim & sleek phone specially made for girls..but its cost is high..
This mobile sucks and i mean it. Its Slow, Eats up Memory, frequent crashes that leads data lost in SD card (check my other review for the Sony SD Card and Google "Xperia Miro RAM to SD card dump" error). Too much problem with the phone itself. ICS (4.0) is not very much stable, try Gingerbread or Jelly Bean instead. If you have some budget issues, go for NOKIA LUMIA, may be nokia lumia 520 or 720. Dont buy it, read the review above, rest upto you.
My name is Neeraj. I am generally very slow in life. Lot of men and women have left me because I am very slow. When I bought this phone and unboxed it, I felt that my life went into slow motion all of a sudden. I started the phone and installed my SIM. It took me a long time to get it configured. Well, thats bexause of me because I am slow. But when all of that was done, I tried to load the contacts and to the greatest surprize, this phone is even slower than me. So, this phone is not a good buy as it is even slower than me..... God... what crap....
I have purchased this phone 8 months back. This phone is good. But it seems Wifi and GPRS call stack is not good. Most of the time it won't detect wifi quickly and also disconnects in between when compare to other phones.
Bought it a couple of weeks ago. Since then it has been a fairytale. I have never come across such a smooth yet powerful and beautiful device ever before. The apps works smooth as in all xperia models. The screen is perfect for my app testing and everything is synced just the way it should be. Especially the internet works so fast that you sometimes forget that you are on a 2G network(the one I am using)..:) :) (Best device used in the price range it is offered.) Recommendation : ---------------------------- 8.5 out of 10 if I wanted to give a true feedback of this device.
I want to know something more about this product from those who have used it Hope someone can help me I want to know how big this phone is like when you hold it in your hand Flipkart has given many specifications about it but i want to know how big would it be compared to an object or maybe like can you use this phone in one hand. as i want to gift this to my cousin sister and she likes big phones i don't have time to go to a shop Flipkart is the online megastore where you can buy anything you want , hence i like it,
The phone looks good but the screen keeps flickering all the time. This happens extensively when I am connected to wifi. This itself is the major drawback in this model. I am not sure whether this is happening for all the users or only for me... but I am not satisfied with performance of the phone.
hi, i bought this 6 months back and waited to use it for a while before reviewing it. its the best for its price, you wont be sorry. great screen clarity, sensitivity of screen can match any high end phone out there. never hangs .. no delays. amazing buy.
pros: 1.smooth touch 2.good internal memory 3.loud and good speaker 4.good battery life on normal use. 5.a 5mp. camera is far better than any other phone but u have adjust setting according to ur need and u get the best shot. 6.good looks and light weight. 7.perfect size not so big and not so small cons: 1.not for extreme gamers.but it can pass ur time with normal games 2.sometimes feels sluggish. conclusion: u can go for other brands but what u get from the logo of SONY u cant get from other i am happy from my MIRO..
omg u don't play subway and templerum smoothly..... phone app hangs many time take 30sec to make a call some time hang full mobile........... but music and looks are very good n light gives jakkas look........
my mobile is getting restarting while iam using for any downloading,during calling, some times it is hanging while iam playing games. please give me a solution if anyone knows. i had taken this mobile 4 months back.
Dont have enough time to write full review. But you must think for any model before you buy. Pros: Good looking Weight less Good display Camera quality in sunlight Cons: Not much sound quality Poor camera quality other than sun lights Sluggish processor and Memory - I am using the normal softwares such as gmail, facebook,messenger,sms backup but it is too slow. When you want to dial on a emergency this will take about 3 mins to dial a call. worst performance. People who wants to buy this need to think any other models. As a user of 6 months I would not recommend this product. Camera
I just got the delivery a little over 24 hours. awesome service by flipkart. I also got a 8gb memory card which is great! Overall experience has been great till now except the earphones which I dont like. Rest everything is really good. Worth the price
great reasonably priced phone,no complaints,if u r buyind an android fon yhis is the best deal ,dont look here and there.....this is my personal view...i m using this 4 6 months no complnts,camera is awsome,better than samsung and others
At first the phone speed was good.i liked it.but later on when apps were installed the phone started lagging.i gave it to the service center for a basic service.but after service the phone started showing some software problem.thus i suggest all to even look into software part of view in this phone.and the service center response is bad too hope sony gets into this matter soon.
The camera .. that's the only problem i have.. for a 5 mega pixel cam ..the photo quality isnt that good.. im a bit dissapointed but still a good phone for its price range ......................................................................................................................................................................................
For 13K there are much better models available in the market, even xperia u comes at the same price and with dual core and much better screen resolution. this phone has low screen resolution and is not snappy in operation with its meager 800MZ processor, the notification lights look a little cheap, also the build is fully plastic does not justify the 13K price range.
Normally Sony phone do not have the better camera quality like Samsung phones.Because I bought the Sony xperia tipo that have 3.1 mp camera.but that was not worth able. Same camera pixel in Samsung have the better quality than that.
My friend bought this recently but was not satisfied with it. Cheap Hardware with cheap performance. Go For Canvas HD or Xperia U instead.Screen size also not great at this price. Not my piece of cake for sure......................................................................
Amazing Phone ...gr8 touch great features ... doesn't have a file manager ...camera quality is not 5MP level ... just 2 problems otherwise u will absolutely love it ...gaming is a delight with it ...battrey is a little less time than others in the range ....
Thanks to flipkart, the wait seemed never ending once i booked it My first Android Smartphone and My take on this phone a) Good Grip, fits perfectly b) Screen Resolution is crisp for this pricing c) Camera is good, but not great. d) Music - Speakers are great, really loud e) Front Cam - I don't really need, but its handy f) Expandable Memory is the icing - I have put in a 16GB card, so far its not getting hanged or lags in any way g) Using the phone as a Wi Fi Portable HUB is beautiful, works like a charm i) Battery lasts with internet for 1 and half day and without internet 2 days for sure j) Everytime u play music and move to the next song, the bottom light glows and changes color, now that's something really catchy, well done SONY Well i cant ask much more for this price, but after comparing TIPO HTC and other variants of Sony as well Micromas Canvas Lava Karbonn and Samsung this is a really good bet, considering the fact that sony never lets you down on Cam and Music If you're budget is within 15K, this is a really good phone Good Luck
This one is my first Smart Phone and no where it has disappointed me so far. Let's talk about good things first (What I liked) - A cool corporate look, Quick battery recharge, A day long battery back up (always on sync- Whats up, yahoo, fb, linkedin, gmail,gtalk, youtoube etc.), Touch interface is good (adjust accordingly), flawless browsing on Android and chrome, works good at wi fi as well, Speaker clarity and every basic thing works superb. Why I dont like - A bad google play interface, though its Android 4.0 but not up to the expectation, my friends htc 2.0 works amazing compare to this, not good for gaming temple run, angry birds etc, Camera is pathetic, speaker while playing music not so good (where sony known for his sound, with earphones its ok) Slow sometimes, App like YouTube and fb hangs now and then. But good buy now as price has dropped down. I took in 14.5 where now its only 13 k only. Not bad to have a Sony brand in your pocket with latest android in 13K only.
I am using this phone for a month, and satisfied with the same very much..!! The positives are: + Looks stylish, light and having good screen and display..!! + It also have built in power saver app which is very helpful, in saving the battery The missing in the pones are : - Processor is not that great and hangs very frequently. - Off screen buttons (home, back and options buttons below to the screen) are not back-lit. So it is difficult to press those buttons, when you are using the phone in the dark till ypu get used to it. - Not fully satisfied with the camera quality..!! Photos and videos are not that great..!! - Phone lacks a video call app (heard that most of the android phones, especially Xperia series, is same on this), and most of the video call apps in the android market allows you make the call through wifi or internet, not directly over the mobile 3G network. - Issue faced with power button, very shortly after warranty period, which is switing off/on the phone itself. Sony service center is advising to change entire mother board which costs around 6500 Rs. But however, the issue got resolved itself after 3-4 months without repairing it. - Surprised to find 3 out of the 4 phones, i had seen at service center, are facing issue with power button only A bit disappointed with Flipkart this time, even though the phone has delivered in time, it was given to the office reception and the delivery boy did not made a call to me before delivering there.
Heyyaa.... This phoen is awesome...its my first android and its really good phone with such a price. Didn't see a phone is any other brand with such good specifications at this price. What i love the most in it, is the front camera and the lighting at the bottom- it changes color with the picture on screen..:) i know, its a girly stuff...but it looks nice.. and also the notification lights of different colors.. my review might be more helpful to girls i supppose :P Other technicalities of the phone are shared by other reviewers here. Overall a real nice one! Worth buying And over and above...Flipkart rocks !!!! got ti delivered tooooooo early than expected... Special thanks to flipkart.
Hi ....I have recently purchased this phone and I can say that the experience so far has been really good...The touch screen is very good. Resolution is awesome. 5 mega pixel camera with a flash is like an icing on a cake. I recommend this phone..
guys is range me isse achcha mo kisi b company ka nai milega even samsung .....so 12500 is perfect price for it...... its works smooth hd videos also plays nice camera really guys its camera quality gud compare xperia sola n equally samsung s duos 17000.
Sony Xperia Miro is a good choice for this low price. it has almost all feautures which will be covered in 4'' touch screen mobile. video clarity is good, photo snaps is also good, listening to music is a big experience from sony xperia miro. This mobile comes with 3.5'' touch screen which is good to look and handle it. Navigation and Touch sensor is very very very good. Games like temple run, Death moto are easy to play without any hangings. Moreover we can watch hd videos also using some video player softwares which makes eye popping. Browsing is extra ordinary. Overall i would like to say Sony Xperia Miro is the best best best best one at this low end price. Battery fully charged comes for 1 whole day which is good thing from sony. Finally those who have decided to buy this mobile, can go with this choice with eyes closed. Sony Xperia Miro always Rocks. Thanks to Sony Company for releasing such a low budgeted phone with some good feautures.
I purchased the phone a week back and I'm quite satisfied with it. I think this is a good phone from a renowned brand at this price point. Its better than Galaxy Ace Duos or Desire C unless u want a dual sim. Here lies my brief user xperience.. Pros: 1. Good build quality, back cover matte rubberized finish and feels good in hand 2. Good color reproduction, touch sensitivity, brightness levels and sunlight visibility is quite ok. 3. Good battery backup..mine gives over one and half day with moderate usage. 4. Runs games like temple run, cut the rope, angry birds, fruit ninja etc. flawlessly and without lagging. 5. Illumination strip at the bottom of screen changes color to notify and while viewing pics..looks cool. 6. Camera takes good picture being an auto-focus unit and flash is powerful enough. 7. No heating issues so far and software shows no lag while scrolling or changing home screens. 6. good facebook integration, timescape ui looks refined and stable. 7. Front camera useful for chatting. 8. In ear sound quality is awesome and speaker is quite loud and clear. Cons: 1. Screen resolution is bit low however the competition like Galaxy Ace Duos or Desire C offers similar resolution. 2. No Jelly Bean update...Sony has confirmed it unless they change their mind! 3. Bundled earphone are not in ear types. Overall this is a good entry level phone with good social integration, decent gaming capabilities (unless you are a hardcore gamer) and stable software with no restarts or software issues. Unless you are too much concerned about benchmarks I suggest to give this product a try because in real the phone feels quite impressive and valueworthy.
for those who think its inferior to xperia U,I think it's not.loaded with features in this price range.I would like to mention the cons 1.camera poor in low light conditions 2.800 mhz processor on a ICS platform makes it sometimes slow when lotta apps are open. 3.earphone provided is not that comfortable for ears I use a separate earphone for it apart from that the good features are 1. classy look (yet light weight) 2. healthy battery backup 3.Sound is good and further you do not need to download a separate mp3 playing app.. 4.amazing picture quality. 5.quick charging. 6.absorption rate of radiation is quite low compared to other android Overall a good option for brand concious people with lot of features.I would highly recommend this phone.
Flipkart u have been alws enthralling, promised delivery in 6 days and got it within 2, well dat is alarmingly quick. Miro as a product is very well balanced, a new smartphone or a Droid user would look into: Screen size and Display resolution (3.5 inch and decent pixel density) Access to all connectivity modes (Data, Wifi, Bluetooth), provides hotspot as well A very decent camera (5megapixel with led flash), has front camera for Skype calls Awesome music player (Walkman integrated) Internal storage (2gb+) and expandable Very thin and very light phone Very Imp: Flipkart provides Manufacturer's warranty and not Dealer warranty (Google to find the difference) The phone feels very durable and comforting to the hand, its an overall phone and with the price bracket 11-13k, its really worth the price considering the Brand.
the best smart phone in mid range... im using it since 2 months... display is the plus point for the phone.. user interface is awesome.. dint faced any kinda problem.. its pretty good with notification light.... 800 mhz processor is working smarter.. ;) its much beta to go for this...
xperial miro is good.snaps sre taken from this mobile was awesome..problem found when i played game like templerun agent dash.some times its getting hanged like. music is awesome but earphone seems like poor quality....
@Sachet , Download OI File manager from Play store and its free. With it you can access both the internal storage and the memory card. And The app is so simple to use just as you had in your previous low end phone's file manager.
Here someone is comparing it with HTC Explore but it is not woth comparing... Miro comes with android 4.0 ICS and dell comes with android 2.2 Miro has 5mp camera with flash and front camera and HTC comes with 3.2mp camera and the most important thing is HTC have 200mb internal memory and miro have 4gb internal memory. There are more features that sony xperia miro have but HTC Explore does not have like dlna certified,3D and motion gaming.. I just want to say that i have purchased and experienced it and it is the best phone in 15k range.
It has only 164 ppi, that means when you zoom a pre-loaded picture it will show large pixel, which is not good. Battery is not enough. CPU is slower. Can't record HD video. But you can buy this product as it has 4gb Memory (2.2gb usable), has radio (not like xperia neo l), lighter in weight, slimmer is shape. But My Suggession , go for Neo L.
Sony Xperia Miro looks good enough with its features and both looks and also it comes with the latest version of android that is Ice cream sandwich so i want to use this phone to see how it really feels working with it.
this mobile is good. features are good. in this price it is the best one to buy but when we talk about the processor it gets a two star because you can't run more the two programs at a time it started hang up which is too boring in that. That's why good but not so bad
Well this is my first smart android phone and I am really happy with the features this mobile contains. Right from a decent screen size of 3.5 " to the android 4.0 ICS operating system this phone really rocks... It comes with a pretty good 5 MP camera with flash which captures great pictures... There's no comparison when it comes to music. SONY has undoubtedly the best music quality among its competitors... Other features like GPS,3G, wifi makes it a wonderful smartfone... Though I think its overpriced, but still manages to draw your attention... The only con I would like to highlight is the battery. It gets discharged soon may be because of the screen size and the other applications that are pre-installed. 1500mAh seems a bit less for such phone. Overall its a great phone and worth buying. The sleek look adds more to its beauty.... SONY EXPERIA MIRO ROCKS !!!
I have been using this phone for the last 1 month...here are some of the pros and cons of this phone: Pros:Stylish Look with illumination lights of different colours... :Light weight :Large screen :Primary Camera captures photos clearly even at night Cons:I think that the processor is a bit slow...as sometimes applications and games lags.Processor should have been 1GHZ. :Sound of the speakers are not really loud.Sony is known for it's quality sound but haven't found that in this phone.Headphones are also Ordinary... Overall,a nice phone with some cons...
This is certainly overpriced,excelling in good looks,that Miro. HTC Desire C,Tipo & Miro Are Entry Level Phones for ICS. If you are budget specific then dont raise your budget. To state the cons of miro 1)Screen quality same as tipo. 2)Less Video Codecs.No support for Divx/Xvid @ this price. 3)480p video capture. 4)No bravia engine. 5)Mediocre screen quality. Features are also same if compared to Xperia Tipo. It has good looks that may attract few buyers.while i suggest tipo or desire c are better option.Since Desire C is also not that great lacking LED,a better processor. So its upto you to decide HTC user experience and UI is far more better than tipo & miro.So if budget specific dont raise ur budget unnecessarily.Tipo has great looks and nearly carry major features surpassing Galaxy y and explorer,you wont regret having it. Xperia J also a shame for Sony should have added more features but following the xperia lineage its just overpriced again for its kind better option available at that price in other brands.
-Excellent Features. -Able to run graphic intensive games flawlessly. -Front camera great for video calling. -800 mhz processor but still great and smooth interface. -Battery life(35 hrs with normal usage) far better than xperia u because of 1500mah battery. -Led illumination also great.Must buy in this price range.
i this is prasad,i got this phone from flipkart,flipkart packing is great, phone display quality is low phone produce heat like electric heater ear sound waste like china set sonyericsson w8 and live with walk man 100 times better than this model.
just awesome phone... in 2 days only i am in love with it. my 1st android phone great looks. awesome touch. nice display. good sound.. only con is its battery life.. apart from that worth buying this. i don't think its price will come down at max it can go down to 14k. if it can be given by some other offer its a very nice deal. :)
@ sachet chavan-- if u can then plz do a complete review & give ur opinion by using the cell ASAP. ya you are right very few people use the processor to the fullest. For me it is a complete package.looking forward to buy one once the black one comes into stock
I would suggest Xperia U over Miro.... For a lil extra cost, you get a better processor and more memory..... And an absolutely stunning display.... The display of xperia U is much superior than miro... Although specs wise Miro is also good, but check out Xperia U as well. And U get ICS upgrade for Xperia U, so, you can always upgrade it...
Dear Mr.Teja, thanks for ur opinion, but i feel miro is better than U, cos it does not have an sd card slot, n only 2.2GB f 4GB is usable. So, if u r an apps freak or a game buff, it s nt ur cup of tea. There are a few disadvantages in miro, lik no HD recording n a slower processor, but it is a complete phone in many other ways. I wud giv it a rate of 4/5. I haven't purchased it yet, n the phone isn't out in stores in Southern Tamil nadu, or even in flipkart, but i am waiting for it. :)
ON 16TH SEPT I HAVE ORDERED AND RECEIVED ON 25TH.MY SECOND ANROID PHONE.ICS 4.0.4 VERSION.SERSENSETIVE TOUCHSCREEN.PERFORMANCE IS GOOD.INTERNET ACCESS IS GOOD.BATTERY BACKUP IS MUCH BETTER.LITE PHONE WITH 800MHZ PROCESSOR.SOUND QUALITY IS SUPERV.PRICE IS TO THE UPPER SIDE.CAMERA IS NOT UP TO THE MARK.OVERALL NICE PHONE.
Poor screen resolution, slow processor, ancient adreno 200 GPU, in Miro. Great Screen Resolution, dual core processor, Mali 400 GPu same as that of galaxy S2, the only con is low internal memory. But u get USB OTG in Xperia U. Choice is urs.
