MOBDQWBDHNGSPAQT
I have been using this phone for more than 2 weeks. First of all many thanks to Zen for offering this awesome budget smartphone to the smartphone lovers with all the latest specs you wanna have in your smartphone. Zen Ultrafone 701HD has slight edge over its closest competitor, another popular Indian branded HD smartphone that stormed Indian market in 2013. I guess you understand which one I'm talking about. Zen Ultrafone 701HD not only cost 3-4k less than the other phone I mentioned above but also have a 3.2MP front camera which is just 2MP on the other phone and Ultrafone comes with some good quality free accessories including the flipcover and an extra rear panel within the box, which also not available with the other phone. Let's get to the pros and cons one by one. Pros: 1> CPU: 1.2 GHz Quadcore MediaTech 6589 Processor, which is one of the best in recent times. 2> GPU: PowerVR SGX 544, which can handle any graphic intensive games and supports 1080P(Full HD) video playback. 3> RAM: 1GB, which makes the phone fast and it never hangs because it always has enough free RAM left so you can run many apps at a time. Internal memory is 4GB, in which .98GB is used for apps installation and 1.72GB is available as phone storage. External storage is expandable upto 32GB. 4> The phone comes with an Apk Installer and also have "Preferred Install Location" option available, so you can install the apps and games directly to the sd card. [P.S: the 4th point I mentioned above is an important one because in many smartphone including the high end ones don't have this option available and being unaware of that some users choose those phones which leave them stranded with limited internal memory and they can't install the large games or apps due to lack of space.] 5> 5" IPS screen with HD(1280*720p) resolution and 16.7M color depth. 6> Camera: both the front(3.2MP) and rear(8MP) camera is pretty good quality. 8MP rear camera comes with Autofocus and BSI Sensor. 7> This phone can handle all the graphic intensive games like N.O.V.A 3, Asphalt 8 etc. due to its good hardware configuration. So it's another USP of this phone which might attract the highend gamers. 8> The phone comes with good quality noise cancellation earphone, a premium quality flipcover and an extra white rear panel within the box. So after installing the flip cover you still have 2 spare rear panels. 9> 3G+2G SIM slot, Wifi Hotspot tethering and a high speed internet surfing. Cons: 1> Speaker is not loud at all and sound quality could have been better. But you can't really complain for what you are getting in this price range. Conclusion: If you are looking for an Indian branded decent quality budget HD smartphone, this is the best one. Let me tell you if you are eyeing for other popular Indian branded smartphones with an extra 3-4k, then it's not worth it. Because all the Indian brands are providing more or less the same hardware configuration and when it comes to after sales service, this is another area where Indian brands don't differ at all. So if you are concerned about the after sales service I'll recommend you to go for the non-Indian high end brands. But if you are not too nosy and prefer specs over brands, then you will love this phone.
This is the best value for money phone for this price, for around 8.5k you get the following 1. Quad core processor real fast. dual core processor phones look ancient compared to this 2. HD screen , believe me the HD movies are really good on this screen to watch 3. 1 GB RAM hardly lags, very fast 4. Good 8MP camera with BSI Sensor, front 3MP 5. Full HD video recording and playback 6. Front Notification Light 7. Good battery back up for android standards, Lasts a day with single charge 8. SAR values is 0.7 max 9. At least in Bangalore service centers are there, don't know about other places 10. Extra back covers, one white and a black with flip cover, free screen guard 11. Good 5 inch display with good touch response So what are you guy waiting for ? grab one, this is the best deal for this price !
U will be surprised by what u r getting out of ur money whn u r holding this phone in ur hands... 1. A superb HD display (i hv nexus 7 and htc and this equals them) 2. Fine build quality (phone dosent look like it is of Rs 7000 and is better then micromax n xolo) 3. Great battery backup 4. Nice primary camera with full hd video recording 5. Great hardware....MTK6589 coupled with PowerVR SGX544MP and 1 GB ram To sort things out even more let me tell u some mobiles with similar specification and their prices: Micromax Canvas 4...................Rs 15835 Micromax Canvas HD................Rs 12000 XOLO Q1000.............................Rs 12500 SONY Xperia C..........................Rs 17990 Panasonic P11..........................Rs 12200 ULTRAFONE 701 HD.................Rs 7000(on snapdeal and amazon) If u compare the prices and quality this phone easily comes out as a winner PLUS U GET A SCRATCH GUARD AND 2 BACK COVERS AND A FLICK COVER Regarding service well micromax and xolo are no better n strictly speaking even nokia can give u nightmares. But in the box we get a booklet of service centres which are spread throughout the country. For me i am extremely satisfied as it is cheap and i am able to play games like asphalt 8 without any sort of lags.
got in 4 days from flipkart....nice phone with great screen and specifications. lucky to get defect free piece...working nice...only cons are ..littile heavier , battery backup littile low and and sim insertion after battery removal. except these phone is total value for money, thanks for indian tech firms to come up with world class products.Keep going....becoz India being no. 1 in IT, still our people run blindly after Apple, samsung etc...growup guys...give chance to indigenous tech to flourish
This is my first ZEN PHONE..... Superb Quality,Just unbelievable performance Its better than MMX A116,Smsng Glxy Quatro, with the ANTUTU BENCHMARK 13312. It has 1.2 Ghz Quad core processor ARM Cortex-A7 , MTK 6589 with GPU PowerVR SGX544MP, SCREEN DENSITY 320dpi with 16.7M color, RAM 625 MB FREE OUT OF 1GB RAM.IT HAS .98GB FOR APPS installing and 1.65GB FOR MASS STORAGE . I HAVE INSTALLED many heavy apps and it run very smoothly,I played MC4,DEAD TRIGGER-2,ASPHALT-7 WITHOUT ANY LAG.... NO HEATING PROBLEM FOUND,IPS DISPLAY Camera QUALITY IS better than MMX A116, IT CAN record 1080p resolution video with 30fps............ flash is wonderfull and night vision is ok.daylight picture is great with autofocus 8mp BSI sensor camera.... The phone has proximity sensor, light sensor, gyro sensor etc......... All are working great.......... At this price it is best in class............. JUST GRAB IT WITHOUT ANY DOUBT..........
I understand that it is not easy to believe on brand like Zen for buying a smart phone But trust me friends, this is a good phone as compare of other branded phone from price and feature point of view. After doing cost benefit analysis, i decided to order it and I am very happy with this so far. Coming to Phone: PRO: Great build quality, super colors, nice battery back up (Gaming 4-5 hours)., PPI very good (~300 PPI), Gaming experience is nice, no leg in any type of game. CONS: Little heavy, Cover supplied by ZEN does not fit to the phone. Overall: No regret of buying this phone still.Worth spending 8k on this device.
First of all, its really worth for Money you spend. None of the HD display phones are in this price range. Moreover, the quality of display, camera and the speed of the phone is good. I never used any of the Micromax phones, but I heard from my friends that the display is much better than the Micromax A116. Display is clear and crispy Rear Camera is good in daylights Front camera is not so good
Thanks to Flipkart for their Promising Delivery of Product ,I received my zen ultrafone 701 hd today and I observed it as a Good Substitute to Branded mobiles of the same features, my observations are Touch : 4/5 Resolution 5/5 Response 4/5 Batter 4/5 WiFi collectivity 4/5 Speed 5/5 call clarity 5/5 Headset clarity and performance 5/5 overall score 4.5/5 i initially bothered about the Arrival on Defect(AOD) and the performance after viewing so many reviews,but after unpacking it i found ultrafone is far better for it's price ,Good Budget phone and it's bench mark performances is better than other So call branded phones,Good Phone One can buy it.
This phone has the spec's which are worth for the money. The operation is smooth (from the experience of past 5 days). This is not a high end phone, so don't expect very high quality video/photo. Good quality phone reception and speaker. Good for reading and video chat. (came with skype installed.) One suggestion is to get a 32GB micro SD card.
very old by manufacturing date, very short battery life, totally dark snap in some dim light place, bulkier
when I switched on the fone for the first time I saw a vertical green line appeared on the the display. On the day of delivery I lodged a complaint at Flipkart customer care for the return of the product.. Worst experience of purchasing a product at flipkart for the first time.....
i purchased it from near shop....... excellent Quality...unbelievable performance its antutu benchmark dat i got was 13997 which is really good..... It has 1.2 Ghz Quad core processor with GPU PowerVR SGX544M which is better than adreno 305... see mobile gpu ranking..., screen quality is really awsome with excellet colour production and wide viewing angles...... RAM is 1 gb which is enough for playing high end games...... No heating problem..... battery last for a day under normal use... Camera QUALITY IS better than VERY good .. night photography is really good, IT CAN record 1080p resoluti... over all .... phone is excellent.....
The product is very good, too fast processor, seed very good. NO problems. I found a small crack on steel case at home button below. the conclusion is genuine buyers go brands.
zen smartphone performance is better then karboun,micromax and lava..this is valuable and cheap price of mobile... gaming performance is very good...
People.. I want to know if it could support micromax or any other brand battery. I want to know so that I can buy this mobile. Some body who have this mobile, please check it and post. It will be very helpfull for those who dont change thire moblie often. Thanks in Advance.
There are two option before buying the smart phone. 1)Brand, 2) Non-Brand. I will give best rating for this mobile under option 2. Yes I too had a confusion before going for it. but i bought this mobile and performances are awesome !! really a great phone from ZEN !!
In this price its a good phone Its has all the feature Only one drawback aboot the camera that the design is up so ite reqiure very take care
This is an good phone with this Price range near by 8000. I have bought this phone on 15th March and im really satosfied with this phone...but unfortunately not satisfied with the Flipkart cause, I suppose to receive Free Intex Craggy headphone with this which I have not recd. and Flipkart simply said we have lost ur freebie in shipping.....not expecting such a bad service... Believe me Zen mobile phones are nice option to buy with low budget.... It has good resolution with good touch too. Im enjoying watching HD videos without any lags. It is really a fast responsive device. Gr8 buy for 8500, just go for it.
PROS : received the phone in an impeccable packing one week before. got Intex Craggy headphones free worth 999 { SELLER : VELOCITY } screen is the best part, speed is above expectations, games are flawless {ur subway surfer,temple run dead trigger and all hi fi games run without any lags }, all apps are pre installed, flip cover and back panels are extra in the packing. CONS : BATTERY LIFE IS DISAPPOINTING { lasts one day on moderate use }, cameras are average in performance. Ear phones and the sound quality disappoint a bit. need external memory card to fully utilise the phone's mettle. VERDICT : THE BEST HD MASTER PIECE AT THIS PRICE WITH IMPRESSIVE PERFORMANCE. DONT THINK TWICE, JUST GRAB IT IN FLIPKART.
Highlights: Big screen phone, 4GB internal memory, feel good and rich looking Backdrops: Camera (no clarity), heavy weight,
Had a great experience with my new Zen Ultrafone 701HD, buying on Flipkart , Its a Great Product.........! & Flipkart great Service....!
I had a little problem with the phone I went to the service center and showed the phone they said they will repair the phone without charge if I had the bill when I presented the bill they said for online purchase the bill is not valid for warranty and I will have to pay for it. So seems like for a Rs.100 - 300 difference purchasing online is better. Finally I had to take is to a third part to get it repaired and now all kinds if warranty is over Moreover when on the support page of Zen the name of service center was "Mobile Seva", i understood the kind of service they would provide. For Zen, Micromax and Spice as I am aware, "mobile seva" is a common service center. which is very bad. If only u pay then u get warranty. Next time I will stick to BRANDS and by BRANDS I mean Known BRANDS not the chillar brands. Good budget phone but over a period of usage the phone becomes very slow.
I Purchased this mobile on 11th March 2014 from Velocity and I got it by 22nd March 2014 (As Flipkart.com misrouted it and so i got it late). I Recommend one and all to buy this product if u are looking for a Samsung Grand or Sony like mobiles. The features and specs of the mobile are same like the Samsung grand except multi window option and Internal memory. From Zen Ultrafone 701 HD you will get 4GB internal Memory and 1GB RAM which perfectly suits with any gaming or net surfing requirements. You will definitely satisfy your self with the product once u started the mobile. The network, signal, wifi, apps what one but all the features of the mobile is really awsome.. and I strongly recommend u just go and buy this mobile.
Awesome speed Awesome display Awesome build quality And you get to root, expand RAM etc. Great in every aspect :)
Been using this since for more than a month now and it's really good. Camera is superb, get more impressed with customizing apps. Only one issue : GPS won't work nomatter what. Apps like google maps, foursquare won't work. Rest is all fine and exquisite! xD
I bought the phone 3 weeks back from Indiatimes for 7600/- ; Processor: This phone is having similar processor to MMX canvas HD; mediatek 1.2 GHZ quad core; which is enough for above average gaming and normal usage; coupled with 1GB RAM and a GPU for graphics. Design: No special Design, however the build quality is very premium, Feels great in hand though bit heavy. Display: It has 5" inch screen which has great viewing angles as its pixel density is >290; colour are displayed in crisp detail. Storage/Network: It has 4GB rom out of which 2.5 Gb is available and extendable to 32GB; The network capacity is similar to other phones; however the browsing is better i feel on this. Battery: It has 2000 amps battery which for normal usage will last aroung 35 hrs; continuous usage 5hrs video. Camera: The back camera 8mp is great for outdoor photos and video; however indoors you need good lighting arrangements; front camera is average 3.2mp; it has many photo options and video is recorded at 1080p Other: Zen has provided its own on the air update center which is really cool for Indian manufacturer Conclusion: If you have budget constraint and are ok with not great after sales service then this provide better value then any other HD phone
I got this phone when my wife's Karbonn Titanium s5 got a crack on the screen. The repair charges which were told to me by the service provider were around 6K + (just for the screen) so though of going for a new one instead. The feel and look is amazing. Just one addition would have made this a complete worry less buy, i.e. gorilla glass which this phone doesnt have. Apart from that its amazing cell. worth buying.
Thanks to flipkart as they delivered this product within 2 days. Great service! I am writing this review after 1 week of purchase, having played with this phone in all possible ways. There are many, many strengths in this phone. I will review them one by one. LOOKS: The phone is really beautiful, rich and has premium quality and finish. Slightly bulky but has tons of features. Along with the phone you get 1 additional white panel and a black flip cover too (the black panel is already fitted to the phone, so totally you get three) and they appear very elegant and rich. This phone is a beautiful piece of art from Zen!. The phone comes pre-installed with a screen guard, but Zen could have provided one extra! for future use. DISPLAY: This is one of the biggest & main USP of the phone. While watching video reviews of this phone I felt the display was of low quality. But I was wrong. The phone has one of the best HD display with IPS screen. All colors are vibrant and it's a treat to watch high definition movies, videos and photos. The viewing angle is excellent as it has IPS display. Zen claims to have put 1 million pixels & 16.7 million colors and you will feel it when you see it for yourself. I downloaded some videos in high definition from YouTube namely earth and ocean and many others, and I was mesmerized and lost in the video. HARDWARE: Zen has very lavishly compiled the hardware. CPU is 1.2 GHz Quad core processor, 1 GB RAM, good graphics board and above all Android 4.2 and the biggest USP the delightful HD screen. The camera could have been better and I will talk about it below. I believe this device supports OTG but you won't get any OTG cable along with the box, you can buy yourself, it hardly costs 70 to 80 rupees for local ones. Battery backup, Call clarity & signal strength is good MUSIC: Plug in a good quality sennheiser or creative ones and you have an excellent music phone. The earphones provided is of average quality. The speaker volume of the phone is decent enough. BROWSING & INTERNET: The Wi-Fi speed is good and browsing is real pleasure, thanks for the IPS 5 inches HD crisp, colorful screen. You will thoroughly enjoy the browsing experience. I have used it only in Wi-Fi and couldn't check with 3G sim mobile network. GAMING: This is another USP of the phone. If you want a great gaming performance on a budget, and gaming is your primary usage then this phone will satisfy your gaming hunger. I have installed and played the following games, Asphalt 7, Dead Trigger 2, Mortal Kombat, NOVA, EPOCH which are high end games & also Temple Run 2, Subway surfers, Vector & many other lower to mid-range games. No lags, no hangs the games played really smooth, I have spent hours playing them on Sunday and truly enjoyed the performance. The beautiful HD display enhances the great gaming performance! CAMERA: This is where Zen could have done better. Though they claim the back camera has BSI sensor, while shooting indoors or in low light or in night, the camera performance is average. But if you use the camera in daylight and outside, the camera is really good, with crisp, clear reproduction of colors and sharpness. Video recording can be done in HD and offers good quality outdoors and average quality indoors. If you expect your phone to be a great camera and camera is one of the main features you want from phone, then this phone is not for you. However if you can slightly compromise with the quality of the camera, and use it mainly outdoors during daylight, then this phone has great value for money, considering this costs just 8500 INR.E-BOOK READING: This phone is an excellent E-book reader, thanks to the brilliant HD 5 inch display, the fonts, text, colors all appear smooth, crisp and amazingly beautiful. Google books is at its best in this device. There is auto brightness and the display adjusts itself whether you watch movie or read a book or browsing. If you read a lot of books, magazines then this phone is for you! UPDATES: I was surprised that the phone has a pre-installed Zen update center and found one update, and installed it. Also many of the apps provided has latest updates and I suggest you to update them once you buy this phone. This is no fault of Zen as the android apps usually gets updated often, with bug fixes and feature enhancements. CONCLUSION: This is an amazingly great value for money phone with crisp, excellent display, better hardware, excellent gaming performance and great design. If you can slightly compromise with the camera, and that too while shooting indoors in low light, then this phone is worth every rupee you spend on it. I have already installed around 300 apps + games using "mobogenie" from PC (mostly in my micro SD) with custom launchers and heavy cosmetic themes, and still this phone’s performance surprises me. I am fully satisfied customer of Zen and of flipkart. If you have any doubts then please mail me at jagmint@gmail.com Thanks
Specs of this phone is comparable to any other phone in the market. XOLO1000 is almost same config, but it will cost around 10k. @8k this is superb in all sense. 8MP Camara is excellent ,and HD resolution touch screen is awesome. The one and only negative i found is weight. I feel this as heavy compared to other 5" phones. But its battery back up is also good. And very good packing with flip cover and two more back cover.
The specs and others have been written by others.. The GPU it uses is POWER VR SGX 544 the same as that of galaxy S4. And undoubtedly if you wanna game and use hardcore apps this phone is the best. Not almost, EVERY HIGH END GAMES work with NO LAGS and FRAME DROPS. modern combat 4, dead trigger 2, N.O.V.A, assassin's creed pirates, asphalt 8 and rr3 ARE JUST AWESOME ON THIS PHONE. SIMPLY IT'S A BEAST. IF YOU ARE A GAMER...JUST BUY THE PHONE WITH NO DOUBTS.. WHEN A MOBILES PLAYS HIGH END GAMES VERY SMOOTH, IT IS ALSO FIT FOR EVERY OTHER HIGH END APPS TOO.. YOU HAVE THE PERFECT PHONE FOR THE PRICE.. IT'S WORTH THE MONEY...
this phone has almost every feature u can demand in just 8500 .. see below 1. 5 inch hd screen with vry good viewing angles 2. 8 MP BSI Autofocus delivers pics like magic (videos are matter of concern, though) 3. 1 GB RAM ensures lag-free experience 4. 2000 mAh battery to provide adequate juice that lasts more than a day 5. Watching movies and playing game is fun thanks to Quad-Core Processor Guys i know Zen is almost unknown brand but this phone is budget masterpiece so go and grab it before being out of stock
This is an amazing phone for the price. I am very happy about its quality and performance. But, there is no accessory sales for Zen. If your flip cover is damaged, forget about buying a new one. Nowhere you can find any accessories listed for this phone.
