MOBDPF4ZDQ3PHUUC
Touch is very bad, internal memory is low.. But Camera is average.. Touch will not work properly Dont buy it..
This is really not a review of the product but Would you still buy a spice phone if you get to know that there are no spares available even a battery is not available. Their customer service centers are non existent. There is no response on the customer care number despite calling multiple times/ days and at different times and no response to the email either. It came as a rude surprise to me to discover this. Spice should be banned to sell mobile phones and I wonder what kind of background checks is Flipkart doing if they are selling Spice phones on their website ...
I do not think this is an honest sale, it happened twice, I had hit the purchase button as soon as it appeared ,,, I cannot believe that a nano-second difference could sell all the so called 15,000 units. This in my opinion a grand sales gimmick. I am not falling for this hype any more Dorai
I have been using this phone for the last 4 months.It's a great phone if you are buying for the first time. I bought from a local market at around 7k. It's a good phone with decent features. Pros- 1) HD display 2) Good touch 3) good battery life?(1700 mh battery) 4) Easy to use. 5) Till date I did not find any lag on this phone during operations...:) Cons- 1) Camera is average,though day pictures are quite good. 2) Ram is only 512....but it it is good if you are not game addict. 3) Design is quite ok Over all it's a good phone for first time buyers....just go for it. I don't know about their customer care service as I don't find any problem in my phone. I am not agree with the reviews posted for this phone....
I will never suggest to buy this one due to its poor network, battery and camera problems. I buy it before 1 month ago. After full charges the battery it will lose within 6 hrs. Don't want to say any more..
The phone has Android Jellybean but that is just a stock experience, no games or well defined prop. shortcuts and settings on the home screen but again it is just around 7 grands. The best feature is a bright 4.5 inches screen and slim profile. The downsides are: 1.) Poor Camera and the flash just does not come on automatically or manually without an app as yet. 2.) The phone hangs while typing a message and the touch response is not an issue in it, it's low speed RAM. All in all, it requires lot's of tweaking and worth the money due to the optimization utility, free antivirus (standard version only though) plus enough space to install apps, without which this phone is totally useless as their are hardly any apps (I have a Zen Ultrafone 701 HD as well, which is marginally high in price, it's just a marvel in every department). So, if you really want a great camera, more apps and HD resolution plus not bound by price avoid buying this phone as watching an HD movie on this or taking pics indoors or outdoors won't be a good experience with this phone. It's good due to it's network features and decent battery. The accessories are of no use. Zen Ultrafone comes with hell lot of features. Go for that, even a lower model like the 502 features better camera at a lower price.
