MOBDBBVFPDJXDCHT
this is not actually abt the lumia 610 but abt the windows phone ecosystem... ppl who dismiss windows phone saying it has no apps plz look again the app store now has more than 100,000 apps with most of the quality apps already available or coming soon enough..agreed android has more apps but many of them are copies,duplicates or even malwares. as for the wp interface it has won rave reviews all over the world. and abt the lumia 610 having 256MB RAM,still the phone runs much smoother than the cheap androids u get with much more RAM and thats because windows is optimized to have lower RAM requirement especially with the Tango update..the core os hardly lags with some lag if u do heavy multitasking and run many apps simultaneously but still nothing like the laggy hell cheap androids are. ppl complaining abt the price, seriously? have u seen the build quality of the phone.. ppl plz go and try out the phone b4 being so dismissive or atleast dont talk crap, i am certain u'll like it :)
Disclaimer :I am pretty much an android user for 2 years, which makes my review little aggressive. Any android fan boys out there please don't be offended. 1.I get Windows Phone OS with all the apps I need ,I don't need my phone just to have angry bird or talking tom ,what I need is quality apps which work for me. Facebook and Twitter and all other social sites integrated into the OS (so I don't have to do to marketplace install their apps which doesn't help much :D ) will save lot of time going through apps and figuring out what's new in all of them. Guys why do you need so much apps in market ? are you gonna install 100000+ apps in your phone ?? Are you kidding ? 2. In built Outlook Mobile Client: I have an android tablet which I use as my alarm. yeah its good for just that. When I already spent enough on a tab/smartphone why would I not get a world class Email client or browser? Trust me, the default Email Active sync do not sync folders I have specified on my outlook nor google has a concept of giving regular update. Cannot blame them for the fact their vendors messed it all. So I will be forced to Buy Email clients like "TouchDown" which I found the only app giving a good professional Email sync. In Case of Windows Phone we get the outlook mobile itself present, and I get to see all my meetings on the start screen. I get complete office mobile version which is an added bonus . 3. Nokia build quality: The screen resolution is awesome for this price. I will tell you why I feel that. I recently gifted someone an android phone when nokia did not have 710 or 610 available it cost me around 9.5k, from Samsung. The screen resolution is so bad that I can see the pixels in them :D. This model has soft key which even Lumia 710 does not have. I would say this phone would have cost 15k-17k if this was released 1 year before. And this looks to have Gorilla Glass. 4.Camera : Agree they don't give you a VGA(oldddd technology) front cam. However at this price there aren't much phone who will give 5MP cam with LED flash. Am I talking like a nokia sales man? well I have a Samsung Galaxy S, much celebrated phone from the Apple rivals.. they don't have a flash for their camera. Nor does their 15k phone Galaxy Ace has it... guess what.. an entry level Windows Phone from Nokia has it.. 5. Fits my budget: I would not spend on 40k iphone to show off. I am happy to spend for something fits my needs and this phone does it and covers my work and social life.
Very sleek and sexy designe and built quality when compared to the 710 Dose the Job pretty well thou it comes with 800mhz processor and 256 MB RAM, Kinda slow and laggy when compared to the 710 and 800, but this shows up only, when you wanna play 3d game, use GPS, browse the internet and also shoot a video at the same time, :-P
1) It supports pdf files, there is an adobe reader app which can be be used for that. 2) Currently mobile banking is not supported by many big banks, but ICICI is working on a mobile banking app for windows phone. 3) Regarding Skype, ur point is true,there should not be much fuss about it. Other common myths: - a) Low RAM on device: - It is same as Iphone 3GS and cheap droids like Galaxy Ace which comes for almost same price. If they are still selling at same price then I don't knw the fuss abt this phone.(IPhone 3GS is 19k) b) No external memory card support: - It has 8 Gb internal memory, I dont remember when was the last time I stored so much data on my phone. Also u get 25 Gb on skydrive so for those users it should be a non-issue. c)Upgrade to WP8: - It will get WP7.8 which will have new start screen and all the non-hardware related features. U really can't expect them to give u features which your phone's hardware doesn't support. Best features on this phone:: Nokia Drive: - U will be amazed by the accuracy and offline searching of this app Nokia Music: - One year freee subscription to around 3 million songs is awesome. Build Quality: - u cannot beat nokia in that When u compare it with Android sets of around same price, like galaxy Ace, then u will realize how huge the difference is.
As far as the handsets in this range are concerned, this one is one of the best. You will only feel the slow hardware when you'll play demaning games or run heavy apps. The OS is very fast and light and everything opens up in a flash. You'll actually not feel any difference from the 710 nad the 800 as far as the basic use is concerned. Someone earlier commented that this phone is getting the Windows phone 8 update, but that is not true. Even the lumia 800 and 900 will not get the Windows 8 update because of the difference in the kernel of the two operating systems. The lumia 710 and 800 received heavy price cuts some time after their launch, so if you can wait then you'll get it for around 10-11k after some time. At the present price, it's better to buy a lumia 710 which is priced just around Rs.2500 more than this one. The main problems with this handset (actually with the Windows phone mango OS) are: 1. No mass storage mode. You have to use the zune software on your PC to transfer files which can be a little frustrating. 2. Less number of apps than Android, although all he basic apps are there which most people use. This is a con for those who spend all their time searching and downloading apps. 3. Bluetooth can be used for everything except file transfer. Frankly speaking, this phone is better than most in this price range and Nokia the most reliable company as far as mobiles are concerned, so I'll just be waiting for the price cut coz my budget is tight.
though I haven't used the product personally because I ordered it for my mom, but it is an excellent piece of genius from out old and trusted Nokia at an awesome price... moreover, the service of flipkart is just too good to express cause they delivered the product within 3 days though the shipping address is not in a major city!!!
A friend of mine recently bought this with 'cyan' as a colour choice.After handling it and using for a while here's my opinion (no offence) for it. For best specs that none have,go to: http://www.nokia.com/in-en/products/phone/nokia-lumia-610/specifications/ I will just point out Pros and Con's [Pros] THE BUILD - super glossy metal and polymer finish {Guy's at 13K one get's super osoumn metal and polymer finish,it even competes with iPhone build} DISPLAY -3.7 inch (480 x 800 pi)lcd tech {best value for the price} Corning® Gorilla® Glass {That's some serious heart winner} Connectivity - Hsdpa 10.2 Mbps {pretty neat for low end device} WLAN IEEE 802.11 Power - Max talk time (2G is 10.5 hrs and 3G is 9.5) Software/O.S - windows 7.5 mango,Upgrade to Tango by sept 2012 Sync - MS ZUNE pc suit Mac connector sw {std for mac user's like me} support for HTML 5 NAV - Nokia Drive and Nokia maps {The best out there} CAMERA - Main resolution of 5.0 meg's {pretty std} Led flash {at 13k it's Squeaky clean} Auto focus with 4x digital zoom Flash opt.range is 3m Geotagging Video capture with freeze still STORAGE - internal (8GB) Cloud with skydrive (25GB) MUSIC - Zune app {In metro U.I it's super smooth} Audio streaming and Windows media DRM 10 Playready DRM support Active Noise Cancellation FM with rec. For the first time on Flipkart I'll include Material's too cuz I am a nature boy :) MATERIALS - free of BVR and PVC contains Recycled metals 100% recyclable {won my heart for this} [CON's] Display - No Clearity display like lumia 710 {that means black's won't pull out more} RAM - probably a deal-breaker although phone works fine but for core multitasking,3rd part apps ...umm nope it lag's and sometimes crashes.{U won't get skype and angry birds :O} Storage- NO External storage support {Yikes oO}Although we get 25GB free cloud support but that's also not a good idea cuz upload speeds in India so(wuuuuuuoooooo} OVERALL If u want a Pretty damn gorgeous phone, Nokia assurance,budget friendly and Chillax performer then go for it or else if you are Hardcore performers{that includes tweaking the O.S, overclocking ,playing with kinect through phone sensors and stuff}then you might be dissapointed.
i have been using this phone for 2 months. stylish,smart,opt in budget works best when u have continuous internet awesome games and apps fine camera,nice screen clarity only if it would have bluetooth file transfer or memory card slot it can beat any mobile in this range ps- dont listen to haters
I purchased this after long search and comparison on the internet. I am fully satisfied with both the flipkart's service and the coolness of the phone. My personal opinion is it is much better than any android phone in the range of 10000-15000 rupees. The battery life is way better than other smart phone, heavy usage would make it last almost a day. The screen resolution is very crisp and clear compared to that of samsung mobile. The best part about is the windows operating software that enable complete connectivity to the internet world. If you are looking for a real smart phone in this price range this is the cell for you!
This phone is a great budget windows phone. The windows os is very refreshing from IOS and Android. The ui is very simple. Screen: The display is sharp and clear. Made of Corning Gorilla Glass, it is very sensitive. 3.7 inches i an ideal size for a pocket. UI: The windows tile interface id very simple and very animated. It does not lag at all. Camera: The 5 megapixel camera clicks sharp pictures. It record in 720p resolution. Price : At this price it is very reasonable. Overall a good buy.
Nokia Lumia 610 is a budget smartphone. It is a good pick if you are looking to pick up a smartphone and are conscious about the price and are big time Nokia loyalist. But you will have to be ready to forego some features which other Android smartphones provide for the same cost.Screen: The smartphone has a 3.7 – inch capacitive touch screen. The resolution isn’t high but it is passable at 800 X 400 pixels. Despite having slightly lower resolution, the screen produces sharp, clear, detailed images with the colours closest to reality. Though Lumia 610 is budget smartphone, it comes with a 5 megapixel rear camera which is backed by an autofocus LED flash. The camera takes pictures of the resolution 2592 X 1944 pixels. It also has a 4x digital zoom. The picture quality isn’t out of the world, it is okay. And if the photographer hand isn’t too steady the chances of the pictures getting blurred are very high and the colours don’t match to the original object in fact the pictures actually come out washed out looking. But it does have the positive point of being able to switch quickly so that you can take the next picture with minimum delay in time.The phone has an internal memory of 8 GB storage, and a 256 MB RAM The major drawback of the phone is the fact that it does not have a slot of the microSD card, hence hindering the storage of unlimited data on the phone. Free download and using of apps also isn’t possible because of the limited memory. Wrap Up : Lumia 610 is a nice SMART phone manage to handle all day to day needs as well as looks quite expensive as from its price range class. Its A great mobile at this price . THANKS TO FLIPKART !
While reading the reviews i was confused whether to go for Windows mobile or not. Then i decided to take a leap of faith (after all few years ago Nokia was the only way ahead) I bought this phone and every android user must try this refreshng Windows interface. I know many of you might not like it, I myself beinng an adroid user was aprehensive but this phone s worth every penny spent. Amazing looks , sleek and sleder, great dislay and very prompt ( No Lag) the only draw back that i could notice is no memory card slot. But still for everyone who needs a phone with low to medium phone usage will not be disappointed.
Been going through some of the reviews....What do you guys want? It is a entry level Windows Phone, but Nokia has done a great job with it. Way better experience than any similarly priced android mobiles. You pay 10k and want the whole world in your hands? Ignorant imbeciles.
I am so amazed by a lot of bad reviews some people have posted in here. I must warn you not to believe all the NEGATIVE comments described about this device/windows OS because NOT ALL OF THEM ARE TRUE. Some say Nokia Music store files are DRM protected (false), interface is laggy (false), no OS update (false), contacts cant be saved in SIM (false) & the like.. One should know that Windows has got an excellent screen resolution similar to an Apple device & is also very smooth & Non-laggy. Touch response is amazing that you dont have to hard-press the screen to make it respond (like certain Android devices). Windows OS ecosystem is quite expensive & standardized & that's why all the phones with this OS is costly (but still Nokia has tried hard to bring it to the reach of budget-priced phone buyers like me). You gotta experience windows OS & I am sure you will be stunned with its exclusive features like Live Tiles, XBox Live (Playstation standard games), Skydrive, in-built social networking service (without the need of official FB or Twitter apps) & much much more. If u buy a nokia, you can enjoy fREE Legal music downloads via Nokia Music, Exclusive nokia online radio service with your own personalized music, OFFLINE navigation with Nokia drive & many nokia lumia exclusive apps. Agreed that bluetooth file transfer is not possible, but MS has announced it will soon bring an update to support the same. So be Merry ! I also agree that transfer of files between PC & phone via Zune might be a pain. but u wont mind it, when u r used to it,coz its not that tedious as you think. Meanwhile, it also ensures privacy & security to your data. Regarding Ringtones, you can create your own by just setting the GENRE (in the song properties) as " ringtone ". Zune creates the ringtone of that song by itself & you can then transfer it to ur phone. That's it. That doesnt seem to be annoying. For those who think windows OS is lacking of Apps, lemme ask u are u gonna install all those Millions of apps to ur device ? There's already many essential apps needed for ur purpose in the Windows store. Not to mention, windows store is booming & is the FASTEST growing marketplace in the world. If u commence exploring a Windows phone, you'll get to know all the unique teeny tiny features it possesses & that makes this OS stand out from the crowd. Now, I gave an informative & TRUE review right here coz I own a Lumia 610 which I'd bought from a Nokia priority dealer. Cant deny, I just love the phone. So stylish, elegant, unique & though it Costs Rs 12,000 it looks much more worthy than it is. This phone has got very RAVE REVIEWS from all my classmates (who are android users obviously).. Some of them being jealous as well .. :D Android is quite successful but that doesnt mean that Windows phones are trash. I am indeed so sure that there are some android addicts, who are posting certain negative comments about Windows phones right here, on purpose, even with no experience using it. None of us should forget that Most of us Owned a first phone MADE OF NOKIA. Even though they have a tough time right now, Nokia is STILL nothing short of a trusted & a loyal company as always. If u wanna follow the path where everyone else goes, buy an Android & stick to the common fashion. But if u wanna stand out & stay social elegantly, buy Windows. You wont regret it !
Hi guys.. I bought this phone about a month ago and the experience has been absolutely fantastic. It blows away my mind everytime i just unlock the home screen. the interface is just brilliant and amazingly simple. I have an iPad and my last phone was Wildfire.. so i pretty much have an exprience of both the iOS and android platform.. First of all, those who consider windows platform useless and not "upto the mark".. BITCH PLEASE.. This phone offers a lot more than what android devices offer. this phone is way way better than samsung galaxy ace and other android devices in the similar price range.. There are a few points i would like to highlight about this phone: 1) Design: Absolutely stunning.. Unlike the cheap looking Samsung phones, The style statement and the feel of this phone.. The best. Even iPhone 4S doesnt compare in terms of design with this setpiece. Nokia underlines its true class in this department. 2)Camera: Decent. i would say the camera is similar to htc wildfire. photos are clear and vivid. 3)Screen: Not that good under the sunlight. If the brightness is set to low, you cant view things on the screen clearly. adjust the brightness to medium and everything becomes fine. Apart from that, the clarity of display, STUNNING again.. with 225 ppi, ye phone HD videos ki KEH KE LETA HAI..:p 4)Processor: A tad slow, neverthless, its too fast.. excellet performance on day to day basis.. though it hangs momentarily when you open whatsapp after a long time but thats fine by me.. it isnt a beast of a processor.. Other apps work just fine and the overall experience has been really good. 5)RAM: A let down from nokia.. probably the only con this phone has. 512MB would have been great but okay. 256MB doesnt slow down the phone. its just that you wont be able to use skype. which btw is unnecessary until you have a front facing camera. hardly a few apps (not more than 3 or 4) couldnt run on my device due to RAM restriction. Other apps are super smooth. 6)MARKETPLACE: Perhaps this would be your biggest worry. The apps available on WINDOWS MARKETPLACE. Guys, I'll tell you something. When people start comparing WP market and android market, its really useless.. WP market has just started developing. If you want a comparison, compare the MARKETPLACE with Play Store when the latest android version was 1.6 or even less. That would be a fair comparison. The marketplace is really good with useful and purposeful apps.. not anything is been put up like in the play store. I have all the apps I need. 7)Internal Storage: I am a music buff and have loaded my phone with a lot of music.. still a lot of it is free and phone still runs smooth. 8gb is a lot of memory guys.. 8) Touch: On par with apple devices. Even better i would say. my fingers literally slip on the screen. so smooth is the touch of this phone. The concept of WP7 is simply amazing. They have integrated the messaging and Facebook chat. you can chat with a person on the same thread that you guys are texting. A HUGE ADDON. SKYDRIVE is definitely a plus. each contact has been thoroughly integrated with facebook. Its like everyone's facebook profile is in the People Hub. Apps like Nokia Trailers, Nokia Music(get this subscription for free, it is simply awesome.. no more haggling on the websites like PAPA.PK :D) Overall, this phone is a wonderful product from NOKIA. The live tiles are eye-poppy. Android and iOS look so primitive in front of the WP7. A great UI, wonderful apps from NOKIA and Microsoft make this a good buy. The Samsung Omnia, when i tested at croma, that device looks like a cheap chinese phone. Another personal view: Samsung maybe a top selling brand, but guys its only Nokia And HTC that know how to make a phone. Be it a feature phone or Smartphone, these two companies are the best. And surely their price is a bit higher than samsung devices, its the premium of quality and assurance that these companies offer. look it for urself.. compare htc explorer and galaxy y (sub 10k), HTC desire C, wildfire S, lumia series and others in the 15k bracket.. even in the high end segment.. ONE X looks much better than S3. even the pureview looks awesome. Dont compromise on the quality. After my exploits with the 610, I have become a huge fan of WP.. My next handset's gonna be NOKIA/HTC device with WP8 for sure. Just go for this handset and you wont be disappointed.
Guys this phone has bluetooth and it can connect to ANY phone. You can stream music to speakers, transfer calls, receive contacts etc. File transfer to ALL PHONES will come in 7.8 update, confirmed by Nokia.
The finish of the product is neat. It actually looks more premium than the 12k range phones available in the market today. Arguably it can be compared with the iphone 3g when it comes to the make quality. The interface is great,the tiles on the home screen and the ease of use with features such as people where you can store all your fb twitter contacts etc at one place and get updates instantly. The only thing i disliked about this product is that there is no option to increase the font size,be it whats app viber or sms, the fonts are actually too small. however there is an option to increase the font size while browsing the internet or apps such as TOI etc. The same thing is applicable too for the other lumia phones.
I simply love it, probably one of my best looking phone which did not cost more either. It surely looks phone worth 25,000. Phone works quite fast for normal use like email, internet, phone and few other small apps. Thats all i need for business use.
Using my Nokia Lumia 610 White for 6 Months :) Updated to Windows 7.8 :) New tiles, Bluetooth transfer, Camera options :D Pros: 1. Windows 7.8 - Smoothest touch ever i used :D 2. 3.7 inches (~252 ppi pixel density) Produce nice colors in Display. 3. User friendly and unique from other OS 4. Browsing speed is very good :) Great phone for Socai Networking, Youtube users :) 5. GPS connects Quickly :) Nokia Drive Works Perfect & Great :) 6. Great Built Quality & Design :) 7. Battery life - Very Good ! For ordinary use it lasts for more than 2 days :D Cons: 1. 256 RAM :/ So some apps won't work like Skype etc :/ 2. Since it is windows os it lacks in Apps :/ Not a phone for Game lovers :/ Not much apps like Android ! 3. Camera quailty is Good. Not look like 5MP :/ 4. No Memory card Slot ! But 8 GB inbuilt storage is Enough for me :) 5. Need to install Zune to Copy files from PC to Phone :/ A hard process for Lazy persons :P Overall: Lumia 610 - A Great , Budget & Unique Smartphone :)
Just describe this one as "Awesome"...... Awesome build quality as it is from "Nokia".... Just go for this New TRENDSETTER rather than that Android.. Windows Phone 7.8 update has been assured and although started to rolling out in INDIA, it will introduce many updates as follows- 1.New start screen 2.Bluetooth file transfer capability 3.New camera modes and more apps .
I gifted myself a Nokia Lumia 610 smartphone and it has turned out to be the best birthday purchase ever. As much as its sleek and compact design has impressed me, so have its features. This smartphone features a 3.7-inch touchscreen that is just supremely smooth to touch and lets me access apps, settings and a whole lot more with just a simple tap of my finger. Its 5 MP camera is my favourite, as I love clicking photos and self-portraits. An LED flash allows me to click snaps even at night, and also allows me to record videos. My Lumia 610 also lets me indulge in my second favourite pastime – music. With tonnes of songs to download from the Nokia Music Store, the Zune music player and Nokia Mix Radio accessible online as well as offline, I get my uninterrupted daily dose of music. I can connect to Wi-Fi hotspots on the go, find destinations with Nokia Maps and locate the shortest route with Nokia Drive. Gaming is super fun with integrated sensors, as well as with XBOX Live that gives me access to a wide variety of fun games. All in all, my Lumia 610 is the best!
The Nokia Lumia 610 is a great buy for me as I was looking to experience the very best in terms of reliability coupled with a host of excellent features. It is wonderful value for money and a pleasure to use. Its sleek design along with its metallic finish provides for a very elegant phone that not only looks stylish but also fits comfortably in my palm. Being lightweight and compact, it fits easily into my pocket. My Lumia 610 has an expansive 3.7-inch capacitive multi-point touchscreen that is super responsive. With a gentle brush of my fingers I can easily run through the numerous apps, menus and features provided. Speaking of features, there’s a whole bunch! Keeping socially connected is a breeze. The phone contains a host of embedded social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter and Linked in along with chat and SMS. The Windows operating system has a tiled interface that prioritizes my social life on my home screen! I place my friends into groups and whatever updates they post are directly fed to me. It is a terrific way to keep track of all the latest developments and news in my life. The Lumia 610 is also a delight for gamers. It is a perfect way for me to kill time when bored. The accelerometer sensor and a Touch UI make racing and action games extremely realistic. The only problem I can think of is that it makes the phone hard to put down! I can even access a wide variety of exciting games on XBOX Live! Taking photos have also never been more fun. The 5 MP two-stage autofocus camera is of remarkable quality and the LED flash featured on the phone lets me take stunning clicks even during the night! I often use the 3G data services available for my phone to upload all my snaps almost instantaneously to Facebook so that my friends never lose track of the on-goings of my life. My Lumia 610 also has a large 8 GB mass memory that is expansive enough to contain all my favourite music, pictures and video. I often stream music and videos directly off the net, read e-books and simply browse the net. The embedded Internet Explorer 9 browser is such a great tool and I rarely feel like switching my laptop on. The Nokia Music Store lets me download my favourite tunes and I play them on the embedded Zune player. I can even stream music without any data usage whatsoever with the Nokia Mix Radio! The battery life of the phone is exceptional. I often go two whole days without even remembering to charge my phones battery! Another great feature of the phone is the Nokia Maps app. It lets me locate even the most specific of locations while the Nokia Drive app helps establish the shortest possible route to the same. Nokia Transit provides me with train timings and other useful transport information.
I have been reading the comments posted here about the "drawbacks" of Nokia Lumia. Please guys, give it a break. I have been using this phone for the past one week and it is just awesome. 1. I wonder why many of the comments here failed to mention the unlimited Nokia Music store that comes with buying this smart phone. I am in music lovers' heaven! 2. Ringtones: Yes, you cannot keep a ringtone of your choice, but then, people seem to forget that there is such thing as copyright. Most of the music in today's phones are probably illegally downloaded from "free music" websites, so atleast, Nokia has tried to correct this trend! 3. Camera: 5 MP that is more like 16 MP, and yes, the resolution is not good if you zoom in, but the pictures are out of the world! Especially if you take pictures in daylight. For night-time/low-light, there is flash. In one word, "superb" 4. The video too is very good. 5. The phone is great for office work as well. Comes with MS Word, Powerpoint, the works! 6. E-mail synchronization is top class as well Overall I am satisfied with this product and would recommend it to music + photography aficionados. P.S. Give Nokia a break! Remember, most of us had our first ever mobile phone from the Nokia factory ;)
This is an awesome phone. Large display, great touch sensitivity, awesome windows look, good music quality, thousands free applications. Great phone over all. The camera is not the best one though. No front camera is a disadvantage. But, overall awesome phone if you consider the price.
i bought it for 10500 bucks first word would be great 256 mb ram and 800 mhz processor works fine i am not into mobile gaming so i dont know about its gaming performance 1>multimedia video playback is awesome same u can say for music (with headphones) 2>apps u can download all the common apps for free like facebook whatsapp numbuzz and etc from marketplace but performance of sum is not up to mark 3>memory they say 8 gb but u get around 5.6 gb and rest is taken by os 4>display is ok about gorilla glass and all people it dont have gorilla glass display, but it is scratch resistant i have tested and confirmed it from nokia u can install a screen guard which is always a good choice.. 5>pc connectivity Zune software is kind of good and works great final verdict its good phone. fyi... i request people, dont buy phone just for a change if u want to buy a phone then first analyse your requirements.. some people bought phone without knowledge then start commenting about the bad features and performance of that phone. nokia is not begging anyone to buy this..if u dont want to buy then dont buy but dont give false info about this.. i can give my word if u want an windows mobile, then u wont regret buying this.. thank you
Pros. 1.It is the best Phone at this price (Wait for the Price to Drop down by at least 2k). 2.Android Phones at this price Lags and have bugs. 3.Fast and Fluidic. 4.Best hardware from Nokia (Wont use cheap Plastics Like Samsung) 5.Exclusive Nokia Apps(Nokia Drive, Maps, Nokia Air, Mixed Radio, Nokia Transport, etc..) and Nokia has tied with so many App Partners. Cons. 1.Bluetooth File Transfer (Nokia has Promised to deliver an App for this issue) 2.256mb RAM.(Sometimes Lags when we use 4 or 5 apps). 3.Upgrade to WindowsPhone8.(will get an update to Windows 7.8 in another 2 months, Even Android Phones wont get Upgrade to ICS eg- ACE) The Price of Lumia 610 is around 13k even though its Elder Brothers( LUMIA 710)price is 15k, its bcoz LUMIA 610 is built with better hardware. Those who prefers WindowsPhone its better to go with Nokia because Nokia has some exclusive apps and Nokia supports the Platform better than anyone else. Finally LUMIA 610 is a better Phone at this range, What impresses me is the Crystal Clear Interface, Speed (Eg-Browsing Speed, no other platform can beat this). Before using the WindowsPhone I am under the impression of Android's are the best, but after using WindowsPhone my mind changed.
what are our options at around 12.5k....ans is not much 1. if you consider cheap droids like ace duos or wildfire s then wat u get cons:- 1.low res screen 2. pathetic battery life ( ace duos) 3. low res camera ( wildfire s) 4. no dedicated gpu 5. very poor build quality ( cheap plastic) 6. no life time navigation 7. awesome post purchase service network of nokia pros:- 1. free android apps ( main advantage but due to low res screen and slow processor heavy apps run very laggy, there are several links on youtube for u to check) 2. u can get xperia mini with 1 ghz processor but its screen is too small to work....but still a good option esp with ics update... can't think of any other pros of cheap droids.... now lumia 610 cons:- 1. costly apps, few free apps 2. lags when simultaneously 4-5 apps are open 3. still a maturing os....nowhere near ios or android 4. no bluetooth file transfer 5. zune dependent 6. 256 mb ram pros :- 1. high res screen ( believe me u will want high res screen wen using smartphone, low res screen of cheap droids just don't cut it) 2. awesome build quality with metal finish ( i got galaxy s2 nd it looks cheap in front of 610) 3. refreshing windows os ( best for those who doesn.t care for apps too much) 4. nokia drive( best out there) 5. nokia's durability and their best in class post purchase service 6. its smooth most of the tym except wen too many apps are opened... i hope it clears doubt of many users out here......thnx for reading....
It does not have Gorilla Glass! its TFT! Other than that... this is a Wonderful phone[had been waiting for it for like 4 months now ;)] Has a PREMIUM look that no other phone with this price tag offers. Great Phone for people who have used Andriod for sooo long and want a breath of fresh air.. This OS [WP] Flows like Fluid!
Okay,this review would primarily focus on the huge shortcomings of windows phone in general. (p.s - I have used the lumia 610 and as a phone,its good in its price range. Build quality is good and looks vibrant. It has got a 3.7 inch screen with 480x800 res.,which is rare for a 12k handset) Now,I have used windows phone and these were the basic limitations I observed which i believe shouldn't exist if i buy a phone above 12k(since none of the windows phone cost below 12k) - it doesn't have a mass storage mode,so if you dont have zune installed on your computer,you wont be able to connect your phone to your computer to transfer files.(and since you require windows vista and above for zune,those of you who use xp have got a problem.) - Zune will only transfer photos, videos & music.other files like documents have to be emailed to yourself. - It doesnt allow file transfer bluetooth!! You can just use bluetooth to connect 2 a bluetooth headset. - You cant just use any desired MP3 file as ringtone!!!(WTF!) MP3 file must be less then 40 seconds in length,less than 1mb in size and without DRM protection(DRM-digital rights management,i.e you cant save an mp3 downloaded form nokia music with protection even if you have paid for the song.) - You cannot send videos in MMS!! - You cannot charge your phone when it is off. - Wi-fi disconnects when screen sleeps. So if u start a download and leave it idle for a while,download would stop. - you cant save contacts to SIM card. - you can only attach photos in email,but not documents.(kind of lame,even when it allows to edit ms office documents) - another very irritating drawback is,it wont recognise phone numbers in sms,so if someone messages u a no.,you wont b able to save it or call!! U memorise it and then save it as new contacts! - U cant close music player,only pause. Music player on lockscreen will stay until you switch off and restart phone.(Be careful not to touch it in a classroom or meeting etc.) - If you receive a sms when talking on the phone, if full volumw is set,a very loud audio alert will blast your ear!!(all other phones will give a soft beep.) - It doesnt support flashplayer(even if you buy a very expensive windows phone and your phone has the hardware for it!) These are just some basic problems one would notice after starting to use a windows and would miss some very very essential features that you would expect to get with even a very modest phone. There are a lot more(just search the web for shortcomings of windows phone 7.5)
Hi Guys, Was Planning To Buy Lumia 610, Cauz I dont Have A Tree Growing Cents. I was In Search Of A Good SmartPhone, Not A android Crap. I got Totally Confused Reading Review Of This Phone Here. Some Says Nice, Some Says Bad, One Said Cant Copy The Phone No. From Messages, One Said Cant Charge While Switching Off The Device ( Most Of The Information Was Wronge) Think people Want To Confuse Others... Just I recommend You to Visit The Nokia Priority, Use The Mobile, Explore It And Order It To Flipkart, or Other, Or Buy From Their Only. Awesome Phone, Basic Things We Need Is Text, Mail, Fb, Tweet,Call, And Good Battery Backup. All Are in this, With Microsoft Software, I Really Love The Impression We Cant Send BT Files Always, I dont Think I had Done This From Years, Guys Windows Platform Protect Your Privacy,.. Buy After Get Satisfaction
Hello, It seemed that the phone was really good in all aspects. I thank those who gave inputs regarding the features, beyond the looks,feel,etc. I was really surprised to see the short comings like not being to mail/ transfer documents and not picking numbers from messages,etc. How can such advanced so called smart phones be so dumb...huh..... Much better off with my value phone. Can wait as long as a smart phone really seems to add value.
This phone is very nice in touch, speed, but it always required internet.... we can't add pic's, videos directly because it don't have memory slot. So we need to use ZUNE software to add music, pic's videos..... For new persons who r using SMARTPHONE for the first time it is very diff. Biggest disadvantage, we need internet to load pdf's or any documents, i wonder what if we r in roaming ? to load pdf's we need skydrive, except memory problem it is excellent........ Apps r not installing for data connection mobiles. I use 2G Aircel SIM for internet, not even single app was successfully installed, we need wifi to install apps......... NEW PEOPLE who have never used SMARTPHONE beware of this piece.......!
Om 50/50 because its good but with some crippling limitations. Pros - As per recent survey, up 4 inch screen are easy to handle & operate by one hand, so 3.7 is good size, though makes you feel something less. - Windows high res, makes nice web & document reading experinece. - Windows is really refreshing UT compared to existing OS. - Good battery life & phone looks. Cons - No sd memory slot, in-built only 6.2gb - No bluetoth file transfers. - No copy past of files from computer, must have Zune software. - No pushmail, no flash messaging. - May get very bad price for resale due to above cons.
bought Nokia 610 abt 1.2 years back and today the earpiece doesnt work. Took it to service center they said 6000Rs estimate... felt not worth going for repair I had gud openion on nokia.. but now its gone.. !!!
I initially purchased this phone because of windows operating system, but now I just hate Nokia phones. First of all, the most stupid thing is I cannot share videos thru whatsapp and it does not allow me to upload videos from my phone. When I press video upload, it directs me to recording mode. No proper updates on windows phone. The we chat version released is 4.x in Android but windows is still on 3.x. No loudspeaker for Radio. When I am on a call and if I need to check the call logs, I will not be able to. Games lags a lot because of minimum RAM. Other phones such as Samsung and Sony xperia gives high configuration at the same price. I am planning to sell this and go for Samsung or Sony xperia. The phone which I bought for 12k is now going only for 4k. Worst phone ever. Now I have decided not to go for any Nokia phones. This phone is not developed as per the user requirements. The rating scale do not have half star and to be more precise this phone does not deserve that as well ;) :D My suggestion, please check before you buy Windows phone. Find out the app version from you friends if it is having the latest version and getting proper updates periodically. Just playaround with the phone before you buy it.
Nokia Lumia 610 is just not working. Its not even three months we have bought and the phone has become dead slow. None of the internet applications work even on 2G, wifi or on 3G connection. Leave aside the music or nokia drive which is pathetic and takes more than five minutes to just open the folder. Had visited Nokia store and Care and to my astonishment they both agreed that Nokia Lumia 510 and 610 has problems and they cannot do not anything but to format the phone and there is no guarantee that 520 or 620 will not have problems. The experience mentioned above has been with four lumia phones in my known.
I bought this phone in July 2012 from a dealer. It was an impulse buy, as it had just come out and I had no prior information about it. Worked great for almost 9 months, then suddenly my motherboard died out on me. I've been denied warranty because of a scratch on the body of the phone, which is mentioned in Nokia's warranty rules. However, this is a genuine warranty issue, since motherboards aren't supposed to die out on you because of a scratch. I've mailed the Nokia India Marketing team about this yesterday, and they're yet to get back to me on it. I'll keep this space updated with what is happening. But as of now, my strong recommendation not to buy this phone.
This the one of the most great lumia phone from all windows 7 phone & thanks to Flipkart because it give me(us) free Nokia purity WH 920 Headset worth of Rs. 5,100 & Rs. 500 Cash back....! But yes.. mobile has not good camera resolution as compared to other lumia & belle mobiles.
One glance at the Nokia Lumia 610 and you realise that this is a smartphone designed to impress. Outdoing its competition by many a mile, this phone sports a sleek metallic finish that makes it stand out as an eye-catcher. If I could only count the number of admiring or jealous glances my Lumia 610 has earned me, I would be gloating for sure. With a relatively large 3.7-inch capacitive touchscreen, this phone is way better than my BB Curve. The screen feels very responsive under my fingers and I almost glide through the menus and apps. Images open up and zoom with ease. My Nokia Lumia 610 embeds social networking apps like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. This works extremely well for the social networking addict in me. I used to be logged in to Facebook for hours together from my laptop; now it’s from my Phone. With the Windows Phone OS redefining mobile computing and communication convenience in a smart way, I can access all my favourite apps and games right from my home screen from the easy-to-use and navigate tiled interface. With the People Hub feature, I have arranged for all of my friends’ updates showing up on my home screen without having to navigate to their profiles. In fact, this phone is so cool that it lets me post updates to Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn simultaneously. Driving around the town or going on weekend trips is much more fun, as I discover destinations and new routes with my Nokia Maps app. Using Nokia Drive, I get turn-by-turn navigations instructions, so that there’s no chance of being lost and wastage of fuel. Gaming is a great pacifier for me, as I find it relaxing after a day of hard work. With my Lumia 610, I can start gaming anywhere and even when on the move. The accelerometer sensor and Touch UI makes games more immersive. With access to XBOX Live, the fun and gaming sessions go on uninterrupted for hours. Though, I don’t use the 5 MP camera much, but it has given me good results whenever I have been inclined to use it. With an LED flash to support photography in low light, I can even record videos during the day or at night. The 8 GB internal storage memory of my phone has proved sufficient for me till date. With 3G data services, I can access the web to browse and stream online content via Internet Explorer 9 and Bing browsers on my Lumia 610. The experience is almost similar to desktop browsing and is very well simulated on my Nokia smartphone. I catch up with the latest tracks on Mix Radio and if I like them, I download them from the Nokia Music Store in a flash. The integrated Zune player renders audio flawlessly. What’s more, my Lumia 610 has great battery life and can go up to 2 days without needing a recharge! That’s a lot of reasons to love my phone!
I am using this phone from past few months and its amazing. The operating system is much much better compared to the sluggish androids and I would say it is better than iOS too. The live tiles, simple settings menu, user interface and everything is awesome. People say it doesn't have external memory. We atleast get over 6.2GB of memory for use and the skydrive of 7GB. I have not seen people using more than 4GB memory cards on their phones that does support external memory. Not sure why would anyone take this as a con. Just want to let you know that I dint had to make any changes in the network settings to access the internet. My friend has an Android phone (Experia J) and he had to manually update each and every detail. I know its just a one time process, but there are many such things that will make life easier in Windows phone. Go for it and you'll never regret. Lumia --> A smart phone for smart people... :)
Hi to every flipkarters... I bought this mobile on 1st December from kolkata its is ally birthday gift from my mom and dad ... I was damn confused which one to go for as my budget was about 15k , so i had to research a lot to find the best of the lot to satisfy my needs of apps games and most importantly web browsing and battery backup. I was using an Android phone before buying this that is galaxy y along with my trusty Nokia E71 which is mainly for telephony perpose . Being used android for more than a year i became so called bored and also annoyed with its worst battery backup .. My E71 with one charge lasts 3-4 days. Do i decided not to go for android as its totally suxx for me its whole theory as Samsung only updates its top varient models like that of S2 and s3 where as others don't get the ice and jellybean updates n awl .. Which totally suxx as Samsung don't care and neglect its buyers .. And the whole android system started to irritate me with its worst battery backup and slow UI. So it decided it had to be Nokia and windows combination for me this time as I don't trust Samsung anymore. Selected Lumia 710 to buy but heard its has some battery issue and 610 has awesome battery .. Which pleased be to go for this .. Bought this black version .. good - Awesome display seriously even better than my friends galaxy SL @17k , blacks are deep and chrisp image quality with TRUE exact colour display not like my faltu galaxy y which shows blacks as whitish back lighting.. Yukk Sound quality is awesome very very loud and the bundled headphone is great with in ear style and preety deep bass .. Same headphone as Nokia Lumia 710 & 800. Telephony and great with very stylish UI and its very easy to transfer your contacts from your old mobile via an app called contact transfer by Nokia uses Bluetooth .. sound quality from mic and speakers are great. Messageing app is freaking awesome with the best keyboard I have ever used ... And the style of the UI makes me love it more and more ... Everything is just silky smooth and the action is done the moment U press ... Camera idle decent not great as it lacks hd 720p recording capabilities but the best thing about the camera is that it has autofocus in video mode. While recording video it autometically focuses on object wheather its far or close to you .. Image quality is decent as it gives noise in low light preety badly. with 6.88gb usable out if 8gb storage serves my music needs as I have transferred 250+ songs and 4-5 videos with 2movies and still I have 3.37gb free .. Zune software is also pretty easy to use . web browser is the best I have ever used so far ... Now you guys might say that galaxy y is a entry level model so I havnt experienced good browsing but let me tell you my brother has Samsung galaxy s advance but my Nokia 610 browser is twice as smooth as his android browser. And where as this has html 5 browser. Pinch to zoom is the smoodthest I have ever used. apps - some might start bashing that it has 256mb ram so it can't install Skype .. Yes I agree but don't loose heart as you can install viber from the market place. Which is far better than Skype and thinking abt Skype video calling ?? Then install tango app serves the same purpose .. Whatsapp works flalessly also .. I dnt play games on my phone as I assassins creed 3 and hitman absolution on farcry 3 on my pc .. That's why I don't like childish games like angry birds n running boy game .. I dnt know the name .. Which are totally shit compared to pc games. Anyways guys don't think twice before going for this phone. .. Its the best in this price range .. And i almost forgot about Nokia. Drive and maps which is preety awesome and the battery life of the phone is just great .. With 24hrs WiFi connected and whatsapp and browsing it gives me 1 and half day full backup. Go for it guys you will never regret .. Windows phone is is the best os on phone for me till date. And the funny thing is that i am writing this review from my Lumia 610 Only :D peace ...
I have ordered this phone hope it is good. flipkart please flip it soon.!! I would recommend this product or galaxy ace at this price . I liked this one. It looks better in real than seeing it in pictures . so, dont, go on its looks it looks good too than lumia 710 .
I just bought the phone after dumping nokia x2. Excellent phone . love the UI. Its really a different experience. Expectations are fulfilled to some extent. Cant expect to be the same like 30k+ phones. No second thought if u want to experience something new. All kind of Windows apps are available in the market. looks very cool. very clear screen. slim and not very heavy.. overall a very satisfying purchase. btw this is my 4th nokia phone. seems that i am very loyal to NOKIA
I just got the phone for my father, and boy is he happy. He was using the Galaxy Y pro before this which is just the worst thing you can spend your money on. The device is made of the cheapest possible material and the screen is just pathetic too. I am glad i got the Lumia 610 for him. The device is good looking, had good material used, and also has the great Windows Phone 7.5 running. What else do you need when you’re phone just does everything smoothly without lag and any issues
Nokia Lumia 610 is all time best phone , excellent speed , mind blowing size , classic memory power , awesome look and excellent internet work's speed in Nokia Lumia 610. I suggest everyone to buy this phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this Windows 7 Phone (Lumia 610)last month i feel very smoothness. It's great phone i liked it....... There is so many apps available on Windows Marketplace where u can download free and some have price tag. The Camera of this phone is 5 MP and takes good quality pics which is i liked most.
The first thing that you think when you see and use the lumia 610 is the SUPERB looks and the amazing feel and touch sensitivity of the phone.. Which nokia and windows should be given due credit for . The inbuilt apps performance is brilliant and the facebook integration is just too awesome. BUT THIRD PARTY APPS LAG !!! ( coz of the 256mb Ram ) I've had the phone for a week now and whatsapp lags continuously and crashes too and the worst part is that it doesnt run in the background. Facebook (the app) takes ages to load and the scroll is very choppy. swiping in the tabs is not fluid at all ( performs brilliantly on other windows and nokia phones ). So overall pretty disappointed with the performance of apps.. but if you want a sexy phone with great build and looks and nice screen with a really smooth UI.. this is the phone..
I HAVE RECEIVED LUMIA IN TIME AND IT HAS FANTASTIC TOUCH EXPERIENCE VERY SMOOTH IN TOUCH I LOVE THIS PHONE IN SHAPE STYLE ...ETC CAMERA IS VERY NICE AND IT HAS LOUD MUSIC SOUND EXPERIENCE AND EAR PHONES ARE PERFECT AND ONE IMPORTANT POINT IS THIS PHONE DOES NOT SUPPORT ORDINARY SIM CARD.i.e THE SIM WHICH WE ARE USING AT PRESENT ITS SUPPORTS ONLY "MICRO SIM" NO PROBLEM DON`T GET TENSE WE CAN CONVERT ORDINARY SIM INTO MICRO SIM ITS SIMPLE GO TO NOKIA CARE CENTERS AND THEY WILL CONVERT YOUR SIM TO MICRO SIM AT FREE OF COST ITS VERY EASY
i was finding a good phone for my mom, and i found the one. She is not used to smartphones and touch input phones, so the search for a gorgious budget touch phone for her had to be tough for me, but Nokia made it simple. The phone is cool in looks and feel. The big live tiles is perfect for starters in front of tiney old looking icons of droid and thats why she uses this phone smoothly without much early effort. the thing which impressed me a lot was battery backup. Really good. And the thing blown away my mind was mix radio and nokia music. My mom loved streaming oldies and that too for free and i liked the mix radio plalists. Though i dont like the price tag of 13k after waiting for so long but i do not regreat buying this phone coz it worth it and keeping in mind that it provide free music download from nokia music store for one year regarding camera, i was nt thrilled after taking photos but it was fine. Internet sharing works awesome for my tab and gaming experience was ok ok keeping in mind that its has got only 800mhz processor. Calling, msgng, chatting, internet surfing, youtube is a premium experience on windows phone. overall the phone is good for starters and social freak but NOT AT ALL FOR POWER URERS who use their phone for everything. I give it a pick. Bring one and show off to all that how smart u are!
I got this phone 2 days back and believe me, this is gorgeous. I will not list pros and cons (it doesn't have any except, TFT screen instead of gorilla glasses). It's user interface is way better then android. Windows OS gives it a fresh look. 3.7 inch touchscreen is another remarkable feature. Touch in this small wonder is amazingly fluid and ur fingers would surely goin to love them.. Fed up from old samsung or blackberry softwares????This window phone is for u in 12000 rs.... SO NOW I CAN SAY, NOKIA IS READY FOR A BANG IN MARKET OF SMARTPHONES....
One of reasons why lumia prices have been slashed is because they cannot be upgraded to wiindwos 8, which is going to be released in few months. One can wait for windows 8 instead of this phone. Windows 8 has support for external memory card, bluetooth which windows 7 lacks.
So this is the first budget windows phone in the market . It is good looking and has a decent camera . But coming to the hardware , it has an 800 mhz processor . Whereas Samsung omnia w(windows phone 7.5) has a 1.4ghz processor at just adding 1500 rupees to it . It has 256 mb of ram which creates a problem in running games like angry birds and also u cannot use skype. It has an ancient adreno 200 gpu which is of no use. It is better to go for the omnia w or any android phone in the market.
I bought this phone last month not frm flipkart. I faced problem on downloading apps from market. I rang up nokia customercare and asked help, they told me to reset the phone after asking the error code. After resetting the phone I could save contacts only. Others like messages,documents and all erased. Again ring up nokia customercare and explain the above issues, they said to contact microsoft for help through sending mails. So PLZZZZZZZZZZ.......... dont buy this mobile. If you buy there is no backup for ur messages and documents.......
The phone has a lot of -ve points as compared to +ve points. I bought it a month ago & the phone hanged on day 1 itself. Takes a lot of time in transferring music & other stuff from laptop to phone. Sometimes it takes 30 minutes to transfer a 100MB video!! While transferring, sometimes i feel like throwing it out of the window. Camera quality in low light light conditions is awkward. A 2 Megapixel camera of Sony can perform better. RAM is just 256MB that creates a lot of problems while using Maps & Drive GPS. Due to low RAM, it doesn't support a lot of applications made for windows phone. In short, its just a cheap phone with average performance. You have to compromise with each & everything.
this is a gr8 phone i have been using it for a week.it has a gr8 display,the audio quality is brilliant..............,thr are gr8 apps in windows marketplace,the processor is a litttle slow. its not as user friendly as androids.............,the camera is gud.......,the build quality is not very good. the back cover is scratch Resistant.....................i am in love with the phone..............................:)
If you are a gadget freak then you must know the advantages and security issues of a windows phone. This is a fully fleshed 3.7" touch screen phone that you can flaunt anywhere with style!! People are buying android phones because its more user-friendly but a real men buys a windows phone!! *wink ;)
The Nokia Lumia 610 is such a cool and neat phone. Just happened to see one at the Nokia Priority outlet and I love it. Great price too. Plus I tried the phone and it works great without any lag or slow speeds. I had been wanting to buy a phone for a few months and now finally know what to buy The phone also has the Windows Phone 7.8 which makes the phone works as smooth as silk. II am definitely getting one for myself Five stars for this one.
Got the latest Nokia Lumia 610, awesome phone it is. Wish this kind of phone had come out a long time back so that i would not have bought the cheap Samsung Wave. I have just started hating Samsung after this. Just buy Nokia, great value for money and no hassles after sales.
This is a good phone for the Person who does not much into gaming and only want features like checking mail and Browsing.Very good Looks.I have samsung galaxy SII but i still love this phone as littlebit bored from android os.
bought a lumia 610 black on 1st of this month.. had used android(lg optimus p500) n even BB before, i have to regretfully state that i am not at all liking the slow n steady apps, etc in dis phone. i was so happy to switch to a windows phone but to my strange bad luck it is turning to a nightmare. even after having 3g data connection via airtel internet i am not able to browse that conveniently what i used to in my android and BB. i am so damn dissatisfied :(
Sid is absolutely correct, I meant what is the use? if you can't transfer files through Bluetooth, your phone is useless if no internet and even if you have internet Youtub video stuck and very irritating when you try to download anything you will be stuck saying window live ID service is unavailable. big problem if you dont have computer there is no way you can have songs in your phone. like sid says.
unless you are really short on cash. The Lumia 710/Samsung Omnia W are fully featured for just about Rs. 1500/2000 more (Omnia W is the best of all) with a good processor, 512 MB RAM, WP7.5, etc etc. Lumia 610 is not a good deal unless it sells for 10K. Limited RAM which means many apps won't work, the GPU is ancient as is the processor, etc. So really, save some money and go for the Lumia 710 or the Samsung Omnia W.
Another Crap product form the house of Nokia. What the Hell is this mobile upto...! PROS: 1.Better Battery back up 2.Internet Browsing. 3.Touch response 4.Windows Mango 7.5 5. Marvel build quality 6.Internal Memory CONS: 1.low grade RAM only 256MB is it a joke! 2.Poor Performance of 800MHz cortex A8 Processor even Snapdragon is awesome than this. 3.MS Zune is a shit. Now u can think why this handset should not be buyed better to buy Nokia Lumia 710 or omnia Which is far more better than this
I had purchased this phone 3 months back and found that the features of the phone are pathetic. Cons: 1. No expandable memory, though internal is 8 gb only 5.5gb is available for use which is very less. 2. Bluetooth is not compatible at all with other devices. 3. Though it claims that contact transfer is possible but it copies only half of the contacts 4. No facility of deleting all the contacts and copying them again, you have to reinstall the phone OS to do so. 5. Can not be connected in Mass Storage mode, for any small file transfer as well you require Zune sw which is a headache 6. Doesnt support video file formats such as avi, mkv and others and no player found in the nokia store which can play these formats. Every format u hav to first convert in mp4 and then copy to your phone 7. Poor picture quality of the camera 8. Can not create playlist of your favourite songs in the phone 9. if u dial a number 5 times from ur phone it will be displayed 5 times in the call history, no clubbing of the dialled numbers 10.All the messages are diaplayed in thread format which are hard to forward, and no feature of group messaging 11. i sold it aftr only 1 month of use and still got the price 7500 despite of being purchased in 12300. Pros: 1. Nice screen size 2. Internet works good 3. Facbook can be accessed easily From all the above factors this phone will be a poor choice to buy. Plz think twice and thrice b4 buying any Lumia
This phone is a true waste of money. Apart from that, there are other cons also. Like My old Nokia 1100 in contrast had several bollywood ringtones which were loud and highly audible. Moreover, this phone to my knowledge is incompatible with third party ringtones so you are stuck with the default ones. Missing out on such an elementary feature compels me to deduct one star
frnds its a bad phone from nokia...really i am disappointed very much... cons are NO BLUETOOTH FILE TRANSFER(only headset) NO MEMORY CARD OPTION(ONLY 6GB FOR USAGE) MICRO SIM CARD BAD BATTERY BACKUP SOFTWARE GLITCHES So guys pls b careful bfore buying this one
It is a very good device for day to day use.Very well build phone, much better than what the low range andriod phones have to offer.
the worst mobile released by nokia! even the basic applications are very slow.. data can be transferred to this mobile only through software which is worst.. after buying this mobile i lost interest to even message through watsapp its dreadfully slow
Nice phone. very easy to order and fast delivery. Genuine product. Good phone. Internet works very fast. Drawback of this phone is you can use bluetooth but still you can download skydrive and upgrade the OS version to next allows you to use bluetooth.
Worst mobile... You cant use the bluetooth itself what else you want me t say.. This is easy to use that is only pros, other than than dont go to this product ....
its is the worst fone i hav ever used in my life. slow like hell the minimum star i hav to give is one cause there is no 0.this phone is good for nothing any 4000 android phone is better than this peice of trash. NEVER IN UR LIFE TAKE THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice Windows Phone but it is slow due to which sometimes feel like crap. overall its ok as it have good design..........Flipkart asusual speedy delivery with quality product and low pricing
HI All Dont go for this mobile. It has many problems. 1.Some time it simply reboot. 2.Wifi does not work properly. 3.My phone is having some speaker problem. 4.no bluetooth. 5.Less RAM. Prefer higher end phones in Lumia category.
I have been using Lumia 610 for an year now and this phone is just superb. Windows OS 7.5 was a bit of a problem but OS 7.8 makes up for all the shortcomings. This review is in response to the review which is titled as "FEW THINGS TO CONSIDER BEFORE BUYING A WINDOWS PHONE 7.5!!!" A. Media files can be shared via Bluetooth with the upgraded OS version 7.8 B. You can have your favorite songs as ur ringtone, u just need to download ringtone maker from Apps from Nokia in the marketplace C. You can send videos in MMS just select attach>picture or video D. downloading doesn't stop while screen sleeps..NEVER..been there done that. E.you can attach documents in mail. Just long press the document select share and then ur mail account. F.To save a no. that can come via SMS u have to tap that no. and then it will guide you to save mode. G.YOU CAN CLOSE UR MUSIC PLAYER.. H.the volume of the alert it gives when a msg arrives and u are still talking depends on the type of alert u have chosen. windows are a value for money so go ahead
This phone is a good phone but as it is windows, there are things that lack and things that are advantageous. But there is a lack of games and apps whereas many apps are paid. The marketplace has even more paid apps than the Appstore. Lumia 520 is far better. This phone is priced high according to feautures.
I've been using Lumia 610 for the past one month. I purchased it for its Pixel density and build quality. Here is my view Pro's (Why Nokia Wins) - Very good display for the pricetag(Gorilla Glass, 250 ppi) - Decent Build quality (I don't use a case or scratch guard) - Good Battery (Removable) - Ample Storage (8 GB is more than enough for few hundred songs and apps) Cons (Why Windows Loses) - Cannot transfer files like pdf, ebooks, videos(except mp4) into the phone through PC - Cannot close multiple apps in one shot like iOS - Cannot lock screen rotation (Painful to read while lying down) - Cannot take a screenshot - Limited apps - Phone lags sometimes Overall, it's worth buying for 8k
I bought this product from flipkart and the shipping was fast.. The product is also Good as i expected.. I also like this product because it is a little bit privacy as file transfer through bluetooth cannot be done.. I really love it.. All the applications we want can be downloaded through marketplace.. its Good for playing games and all.. I'm very happy with this product...
Hey guys Having been using this phone for the last 6 months I can confidently say that this is one of the best budget phone in the market period...... Now my aim is not to give you guys a long list of pros an cons which you may already know. I was talking about giving your lumia a new look The best way to do that is to get the skinomi carbon fiber skin for this mobile from eBay..... Just installed it and have only one word to say AWESOME...... These are also available in different texture like dark wood etc.,..but trust me boy this carbon fiber skin makes this phone a gazillion times better ( note:I am only 14 yrs old) Truly it feels like real carbon fiber like u would find in the interior of a very high end sports car My advise : If u love your lumia GET THIS!!!!!!!
Please read this review, some anti Nokia community is there to HUNT down its reputation. You have everything now that was lacking before, I have this phone for last 6 months, excellent backup of 2 days if u r not that much whatsapp-er Bluetooth file share, Some awesome apps, like camera extra and photo beam runs almost every game and you have XBOX man...what else you want, and gorilla glass, 5 mp camera, good apps no useless apps... The only thing that lack is there is no video sharing via Bluetooth and no USB player, anyways its a must buy phone. and one more thing you have W8 display via w7.8 updates i.e. re-sizable tiles plus My phone falls from 1st floor and it survived. :) Go for it
when nokia lumia was lunched in market.after one month i brought this phone......i have found bad experience with this mobile phone.....i share it to you........ 1.micro sim is a problem. 2.3g and 2g internet connection is very bad.......speed is also worst...... 3.memory is very big problem...you cannot change or expand memory. 4.battery is also bad part of this phone......... i advise you,you should not brought this worst mobile phone.........
I can say one thing.. Many of the buyers prefer Micromax A110 as it has good spec over Lumia 610. Guys, I will tell you one thing. earlier I was also a big aspirant of A110. At last I purchased Nokia Lumia 610 though not from Flipkart. I have tried using Nokia 610 and MMX A110. Hardly I found two things. 1) Quality vs Quantity. 2) ease of Use. If you really buying phone to play games n watch videos, don't look back go n get A110. But, don't forget that u must be ready bare the inconvenient caused by A110 during phone calls b'coz of its big size & while keeping in your pocket n carrying. Touch interface n Camera is biggest assets for Nokia Lumia 610. Final Verdict: Use the product before purchasing blindly. Purchase of both the products won't let u feel regret. Choice is Yours. Thank you. Ur's Jay.
I had really high expectations when it came to the Nokia Lumia 610. I am glad to say that it exceeded those! The first thing to strike me was the stylish looks of this phone. Its sleek design lies comfortably in my palm and I just don't feel like letting go. The 5 MP camera is great for me as I love taking photographs producing high-quality snaps with ease. The LED flash is a superb tool for taking clicks well into the night and even for recording videos. A huge collection of songs is available for download from the Nokia Music Store that I play on the Zune music player and the Nokia Mix Radio is accessible online as well as offline. Gaming is amazing with XBOX live providing access to a host of fun games. My smartphone also contains a large 3.7-inch touchscreen that is extremely responsive and a joy to use. I love the speed at which I can browse through the numerous apps featured on the phone. I can also connect to Wi-Fi hotspots on the go and locate destinations with Nokia Maps. Also, finding the shortest routes has never been simpler with the Nokia Drive app!
i just bought lumia 610 on 7th feb 2013....the latest version comes with 7.8 upgraded version..this phone has all the features u would need for entertainment!!.a very strong 5 megapixel camera with led flash and hd video recoring.!!!pinch zoom feature..!!8 gb internal storage not xpandable..very loud and strong speaker... Accelerometer, proximity, compass...sms thread view...the charger...iphone type ...and the best part...in android market...there are all types of apps anyone can mke any silly app and send it in android market and also a not very clean android market...in lumia market place only class and nice apps are there...a very good phone it is
Hey guys, I have been using this product for more than 2 weeks now and I must say that I like it but, somethings are annoying me. Well here are the pros and cons according to me. PROS:- 1 good camera 2 touch screen quality is good 3 windows 7.8 now comes built in 4 the windows interface is great 5 not only the touch but, the display quality is good too 6 internet browsing speed is decent, actually more than what I expected 7 The nokia drive app that comes built in is excellent, it gives great turn by turn navigation and if you go the wrong way, it instantly changes its route, so you would never be lost. 6 The dimensions of this device are perfect and it fits very comfortably in your hand. CONS 1 You might face lagging sometimes because of the less RAM 2 There are a very few apps on the marketplace that you can get for this device as most of the apps are not compatible with the less RAM and they need more power. 3 The bluetooth is annoying because you cannot use it or share with it, not even to another lumia and the nokia bluetooth share app won't work on this and it will ask you to get an update from zune and there is no such update on zune. 4 This con you actually don't really need to consider but, if you are like me and you want your devices to fell great in your hand then this would not, it has a very plastic type of feel. 5 Even this point you really dont need to consider but, i am a very big apple fan and i noticed that nokia has copied a lot of stuff from apple and this is really disturbing me. SO OVERALL THIS IS A GREAT DEVICE AND IS ONE OF THE BEST OPTIONS IN THE RANGE OF 10K TO 15K AND I WOULD SURELY RECCOMEND IT BUT, I WOULS SUGGEST TO LOOK INTO THE MARKET A LITTLE MORE BEFORE BUYING. ANYWAYS, THUMBS UP TO NOKIA
I have used all types of phones and different brands all my life. But, I have never been satisfied with the performance completely. The Nokia Lumia 610 was a refreshing change from the fancy models I used to ogle at. It is a great example of good looks and amazing functionality. I wanted a phone that would get my friends jealous and also come complete with a list of features I want. The 3.7-inch capacitive multi-point touchscreen is definitely one reason why this phone is so popular. With navigation that smooth I actually feel as if the world is at my fingertips. You know, it is boring to stand in the train for an hour every day. With the embedded social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn along with chat and SMS, I don’t even realize when my station arrives. The Nokia Lumia 610 is loaded with amazing apps like Nokia Maps and Nokia Drive. Find your way through and get there faster! If you are worried about tracking tickets and checking timings the Nokia Transit is an app that you need! There is simply nothing that can beat the quality of the Windows Operating System. I know what my friends are doing right on the home screen. It’s like they are always with me. This phone is complete with wonderful applications! My Nokia Lumia is truly my most inseparable companion with accelerometer sensor and a Touch UI. Action and drama comes alive, thanks to the XBOX Live access. My profession requires me to continuously update myself. The IE 9 browser allows me to explore the web seamlessly. Streaming music videos and even downloading them is so much fun. I watch my favourite band’s videos everyday and upload them almost instantly on my Facebook profile. Thanks to superfast 3G data services! The 8 GB mass memory allows plenty of space to store movies, games and songs on my Nokia Lumia 610. Actually, I’m quite amazed because with the same memory and almost the same storage, my friend’s phone hangs all the time. I feel so proud knowing mine is so cool! I’m a self-proclaimed photographer and love recording videos too. This phone has the most amazing 5 MP two-stage autofocus camera. Photos taken in the dark come alive due to the built-in LED flash and other features like face recognition, geo-tagging and full-screen viewfinder. So on a day off, out I go capturing vivid images full of life, light and colour. This phone has sort of inspired me to maintain my own photo blog too! I should tell you about my beautiful music collection that I play through the embedded Zune Player. The Nokia Music Store offers a large collection of awesome, latest hits that can be enjoyed wherever you are. Sometimes, when I feel like listening to the radio, I use the Nokia Mix Radio feature and skim through songs easily. I love the Nokia Lumia 610 mostly because it has an amazing battery.
On my eighteenth birthday, my mom gifted me the Nokia Lumia 610 smartphone. It is safe to say, that it is my first true love. Its beautiful design and vibrant colours are so appealing and eye-catching. The sleek and compact form factor makes it perfect for tucking into my jeans. With a 3.7-inch large capacitive touchscreen display that supports multi-touch, my fingers just glide over its surface, and apps and images open up at the faintest touch. The screen is so responsive! My Lumia 610 comes with an array of embedded social networking apps for some of my favourite sites, including Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. I can even chat and SMS friends at any time of the day. The Windows Phone operating system is a pleasant break from the all-too-similar screens of today’s Androids and iPhone. Large and colourful tiles set the tone for an enjoyable experience with easy access to everything that I need on the home screen itself. I use People Hub to line up my friends and receive all their social networking updates almost instantaneously. Now, I don’t need to go through the boring steps of logging in and scrolling through a profile page. Nokia has put in every bit of convenience in this phone. The Nokia Maps and Nokia Drive apps are a prime example of this. With highly detailed maps and turn-by-turn directions available, even when I am not using data services, I can reach any destination in and around me in a jiffy without having to ask around. Nokia Transit also lets me check up on train timings and other transport details. I have an XBOX 360 at home and spend quite some time everyday playing games on it. But, with my Lumia 610’s accelerometer sensor and a Touch UI, I can enjoy games even better with XBOX Live. Even the built-in or downloadable games on my phone are so much fun! Using the 5 MP two-stage autofocus camera, I can click cool snaps of events, friends and even some quirky self-portraits. And if it’s dark, the LED flash comes in handy and lights up the subject. I use the whole slew of photo-editing and enhancement features, such as face recognition, geo-tagging and full-screen viewfinder. While the ample 8 GB onboard memory proved a bit scarce for my burgeoning multimedia collection, I used cloud data storage for additional needs. I am almost always the first one to click and upload photos of any event, earning the most comments and likes. With 3G data services, I browse the web using the Internet Explorer 9 browser. It’s so fast and safe too! Downloading music from the Nokia Music Store is easy and the playback on the Zune player is perfect. Nokia Mix Radio is great for catching up with new tunes. My Lumia 610 also has good battery life, so that I don’t have to hunt for public charging points while I am living it up outside.
Smartphones have interested me right from the time they entered the mobile device market. Finally, I managed to join the revolution by getting myself a Nokia Lumia 610. Believe me; it’s worth every penny spent! Sporting a sleek metallic finish that looks so stylish, this phone just slips into my pocket discreetly, which is so much more comfortable than the familiar bulge caused by my old phone. The 3.7-inch capacitive multi-point touchscreen is so smooth; a brush of my fingers and I can navigate into menus, access apps or zoom into images. This phone comes replete with features. I love Facebook and staying in touch with my pals. This phone lets me do that with ease with its array of embedded social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn along with chat and SMS. The Windows operating system with a tiled interface is just so easy to navigate and brings all that I need right up front, on the home screen. I categorise my friends in groups and all their updates are available to me right on the home screen. There are apps for everything; I can use Nokia Maps to locate a particular destination and use Nokia Drive to get there. Checking train timings and other transport details is easy with Nokia Transit. I love whiling away my time playing games, and the Lumia 610 is just perfect for it. With an accelerometer sensor and a Touch UI, racing and action games come alive on its screen. What’s more, I can even access games on XBOX Live! Clicking photos is a joy with the 5 MP two-stage autofocus camera. Photos taken in the dark come alive due to the built-in LED flash. There’s a host of functions and features included that I can use to get my snaps just right. Recording my pal’s ring ceremony video was super fun with this camera. The 8 GB mass memory of my phone is good enough to hold my favourite music, videos and my photos. I use 3G data services and upload all my photos almost instantaneously to Facebook. This means I am the first one to put up snaps of any events, getting me the most likes and comments! Streaming music and videos off the web is fast and easy, so that I can catch the latest trailers of my favourite to-be-released movies on the go. I stay connected to the world, stay tuned to current affairs and browse my favourite websites all at the swipe of my finger, with the embedded Internet Explorer 9 browser. I can download the latest hits from Nokia Music Store and play them on the embedded Zune player. I even stream music without data usage from the Nokia Mix Radio. Contrary to popular opinion about smartphones, the Lumia 610 has good battery life too. I have used it for up to 2 days, after which I had to find a charging point.
Smartphones have interested me right from the time they entered the mobile device market. Finally, I managed to join the revolution by getting myself a Nokia Lumia 610. Believe me; it’s worth every penny spent! Sporting a sleek metallic finish that looks so stylish, this phone just slips into my pocket discreetly, which is so much more comfortable than the familiar bulge caused by my old phone. The 3.7-inch capacitive multi-point touchscreen is so smooth; a brush of my fingers and I can navigate into menus, access apps or zoom into images. This phone comes replete with features. I love Facebook and staying in touch with my pals. This phone lets me do that with ease with its array of embedded social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn along with chat and SMS. The Windows operating system with a tiled interface is just so easy to navigate and brings all that I need right up front, on the home screen. I categorise my friends in groups and all their updates are available to me right on the home screen. There are apps for everything; I can use Nokia Maps to locate a particular destination and use Nokia Drive to get there. Checking train timings and other transport details is easy with Nokia Transit. I love whiling away my time playing games, and the Lumia 610 is just perfect for it. With an accelerometer sensor and a Touch UI, racing and action games come alive on its screen. What’s more, I can even access games on XBOX Live! Clicking photos is a joy with the 5 MP two-stage autofocus camera. Photos taken in the dark come alive due to the built-in LED flash. There’s a host of functions and features included that I can use to get my snaps just right. Recording my pal’s ring ceremony video was super fun with this camera. The 8 GB mass memory of my phone is good enough to hold my favourite music, videos and my photos. I use 3G data services and upload all my photos almost instantaneously to Facebook. This means I am the first one to put up snaps of any events, getting me the most likes and comments! Streaming music and videos off the web is fast and easy, so that I can catch the latest trailers of my favourite to-be-released movies on the go. I stay connected to the world, stay tuned to current affairs and browse my favourite websites all at the swipe of my finger, with the embedded Internet Explorer 9 browser. I can download the latest hits from Nokia Music Store and play them on the embedded Zune player. I even stream music without data usage from the Nokia Mix Radio. Contrary to popular opinion about smartphones, the Lumia 610 has good battery life too. I have used it for up to 2 days, after which I had to find a charging point.
ok first things first, this phone is meant for a pretty basic use and not meant to give u spuer cool gaming experince and other technical perks which most of the reviews are expecting from it . It is a preet simlple phone with a decent display and an elegantly designed UI for a beautiful experience the interface of the phone is very beautifu and the phne is butter smooth.Camera quality is also preety good considering the price range..and when a company like nokia asks for 12k it surely gives us smething gud. Few cons are there regarding connectivity and sharin and low ram but they can be ignored considering the usage the phone. Plus via bluttoh share and an upgrade to 7.8 music and file transfer through blutooth is now possible. In the end is a preety gud phone to buy and u wnt regret it and ppl who are sticking to their lil samsung droids shld get sme chnage.SWITCH TO LUMIA.. :)
I bought this phone, though not from Flipkart... Nokia is absolutely great, great camera and touchscreen... the problem is with windows, even a basic app like WhatsApp lags a lotttttt..... and almost all the nice apps are paid ones. i dont know is the problem is with this handset or the windows and i sold this phone within one month of buying it.
really i bought it before fewmonths... no pros... only cons... 1)battery life will down after usage of 3 months 2)no ringtone setting 3)no bluetooth 4)no wifi-direct 5)nothing init one of the worrest i ever choosen....regretfull buy... :(
Pls friends do not purchase this mobile. Its feels like i totally put my 12500 bucks in water or fire after 2 months. Though the hardware really felt awesome but the software really s**ks :(. The worst purchase i have ever made in my life. No SD card slot no Bluetooth support. Just for show nothing else. Go for any android device. IU am planning to sell this crap. So friends even if u r a nokia fan like me plz dont buy this mobile
Purchased Nokia, and it was working fine with my Vodafone 3G in India. When I moved to Europe, I tried the same with different subscribers including O2, Vodafone, Tesco, Lyca, 3E etc, and it was not recognising the provider. The fone was literally not good for any thing other than playing downloaded games for my kid. Those who wants to take this fone/infact any Lumia for International use, think twice.
Just received the phone yesterday. I have an Omnia W, and bought this 610 for my wife. This is not an exceptional phone when compared with the high-end series of Windows Phones, but does the job well for someone who: 1. Just checks mails now and then 2. Occasional internet browsing (eh, some crappy hindi serials' story discussion, whatelse?) 3. Wordament 4. Occasional YouTube 5. Kik messenger Don't expect wonders out of this phone because of the stingy 256 MB RAM - livetiles from many applications won't work. Secondly, this phone doesn't have a compass. A nice fluid Windows Phone worth the price is all you'd get if you're not a power user.
I was about to buy this phone, everything is fine perhaps i am the target customer of Nokia lumia 610 especially for the feature like MS Office but what stopped me that this phone does not support data Transfer for Music, if it comes up with the updated version to support transferring of songs i would be the first to buy this. Remember Nokia is Nokia not Apple so request you to render the phone with the basic features.
Nokia Lumia 610 is the best phone in the price range less than Rs. 13000. The best part is the homescreen of the phone and fluent touch which is better than even I phone which is much costlier than this phone. All the features are better than the features enjoyed by other brands of phones in this price range. X Box games add value to the features enjoyed by this phone. Lumia series will give another life to the deteriorated Nokia brand which has lost al the sheen.
But for the price, this phone would have been regarded not a good phone, after all. Given the price and given the specs, I will consider this phone is a great 3rd phone. It is attractive but responds very slow when you connect to an email server! Nokia in recent days, month and year is a company which has lowered its service standards very low. I wish this phone would change that perception!
True value phone, superb touch like iPhone, excellent interface, true to its much hype. Nearly all apps are available from marketplace which are in android and iPhone. 5MP camera has all the features jut as a digital camera. WI-Fi hotspot functions well.
This is the ever worst mobile with no apps... Java mobile is far better No support for even torrent. Java mobiles have better torrent.. This has only facebook and torrent.Total waste of money. No upgrade for os. Everything with money.
I would recommend this phone over the android phones for this price range for the simple reason, Andriod need a lot of resources to run and are not optimized to run on lower hardware. This phone is very smooth to you and looks great! It don't look like a phone at 12K. Andriod phones at this price looks like plastic and cheap! iOS do not even come at this range. The build of the phone is super good!
I had purchased Nokia Lumia 610 on 09.09.12 from Croma Store at Rohini but the phone is not working since 21.09.12 and there was no display. I lodged complain with the store and my phone was taken for replacement/repair by customer care representative . I was told by the Croma Store representative that the phone will be repaired at the Nokia care centre only and Nokia care centre in Delhi is not accepting the phone as they donot have any spare display to replace with. After a lot of efforts and making complain to Nokia headquarter, the handset was finally accepted at Ghaziabad Nokia Care (jobsheet no.- 184433527/121006/9)around ten days back but the phone is still not repaired. I had made many calls to the Nokia care cente and each time I am told that it will take two three days more.
nice design look sexy in hand smooth performance only drawback is 256mb ram u cannot use some applications which is not optimize to run on lumia 610 little bit overpriced but if u r windows phone lover then this one is best buy 4 u
1.Theres no option of sharing files with bluetooth. Thats not smart 2.You cannnot create playlist without using Zune??? 3.Even if theres "Internet sharing" like "wi-fi Hotspot" , when you connect it, it only shows as "connected" but "NO INTERNET ACCESS" wtf? 4.You cannot set your fav song as Ringtone, only Factory made. F this 5.No Swype or sliding keboard. No smart 6.You cannot download videos , you cannot download issh , You can only stream it. 7.Google app is not compatible with this phone and theres soley dedicatied touch for BING ? waste and it appears now and then thats frustating. 8.You cannot stop music player? 9.No forward button for browser 10.These things r noticed by me and theres lot more but F it ,Overall this phone lags in simple things that u wont expect from a smartphone. I had an android and now going back to it.
Guyzz this is a nice product from Nokia as compared to my earlier Symbian S60 3rd Edition device(N81 - 8GB)has got a few advantages but limitations as well. Windows Phone 7.8 update has been assured and will introduce many updates as follows- 1.New start screen 2.Bluetooth file transfer capability 3.New camera modes and more apps . Enjoy guyzz good for light usage .
I just want hightlight the features in this budget where this phone legging behind:- 1) Standard battery, Li-Ion 1300 mAh (BP-3L) that is low, it should be app 1800 mAh at least with this class phone so that more talk time 2) file transfer via bluetooth can't be performed 3)Must be having dual sim and dual stand by, so that can be call conferenced 4) I am very much surpriced JAVA is not there, 5) However it has been provided with 8 gb (ineternet storage) means practically you can store "n" no of contacts and install applications but it should be having memory card ..very Imp 6) Not sure flash palayer works on this phone 7) much lacking in android applications, I agree this is Windows phone and other capabilities but should have option to install android 8) Any good alternative for Windows mango, many thing that mango does not support
The Lumia 610 is an amazing phone, its processor runs smoothly with the OS Also you wont have any of the lags that you see on android and iOS, its got a good 5 megapixel camera, with added features like group shot, and burst mode, you also got a big number of high quality apps 120 000 apps, it reached that number before iOS and android did, it’s got Nokia exclusive apps like nokia city,nokia maps,nokia drive,nokia transportation,nokia lens,cnn,espn,and future angry bird games,the phone has no problem and its sound quality is very good,its a successful phone.
i had it the touch screen has the best fluidity.excellent windows os. really enjoyed a lot. large battery life. lots of apps can be downloaded. internet explorer browser. nokia unlimited free music downloadable for one year. zune music player is excellent. by seeing one can guess it lasts long than any other phone. xbox having avatar,lots of online xbox games.
I just happened to see the Nokia Lumia 610 which my friend has got in black colour. It is a very awesome with all the neat features. He also showed me a feature called people hub on t he phone which makes Facebook and twitter very easy to us. Everything notifications and messages comes to your phone without opening any app, which is so cool yaar. Plus the operating system of the phone is very pretty and neat, makes things very user friendly and not boring like android. Going to buy this phone after my next pocket money.
it's really cool phone..i bought it one month back and i am very attached to it. i read lots of reviews and finally i took a risk to buy this...and really i got amazing phone.. THE BEST.. 1. cheapest window phone.. 2. 8GB is quite enough for necessary applications.. 3. Battery life is fine...
What a superb phone it is. Buttery Windows Phone OS, 3.7 inch extremely responsive touchscreen, smooth functioning, 3G, WiFi tethering, 5 MP camera, GPS, speech support, flip to silent, Nokia Goodies like nokia drive with OFFLINE navigation, nokia transport, nokia maps, creative studio, 1 year unlimited songs download from nokia music....aaah...what more you can ask at such a ridiculous price point? People susceptible about marketplace should first visit it and then make an opinion. I have found almost every kind of application for free, which I can think of. Yes, not even single device is perfect and this one is no exception. Downside to me is that it doesn't support true multitasking and cannot be used as a bluetooth modem to connect your PC to internet using your mobile data connection. But, nokia (infact WP) does cover this as it can be used as WiFi modem. So you need only a decent WiFi adapter if you are still on a traditional, old desktop.
I just got the Nokia Lumia 610 and it is really making me happy. At the price of any cheap and ordinary Android phone, i am getting the best user experience money can buy, that too on a Nokia phone. It’s just amazing , how smooth the Nokia Lumia 610 is. Plus the build quality of the device is also one of the best i have seen, and the phone feels really sturdy and secure. To add to that the cool colours the phone comes in. Awesome product, 5 stars.
The Nokia Lumia 610 is such a cool and neat phone. Just happened to see one at the Nokia Priority outlet and I love it. Great price too. Plus I tried the phone and it works great without any lag or slow speeds. I had been wanting to buy a phone for a few months and now finally know what to buy The phone also has the Windows Phone 7.8 which makes the phone works as smooth as silk. II am definitely getting one for myself Five stars for this one.
@rohan gupta: rohan as far as the lag is concerned,mind you that whats app crashed for all the windows phones. there were some security issues in the windows marketplace and the app was pulled down for the same. however, whats app application is back in the market place,hopefully the issue has been dealt with. Other than this the phone works just fine.
First of all many people have given wrong info about this phone it has a bluetooth and it is quite smooth and it is a great experience even gamers won't regret buying this phone the only mis point of this phone is that it's ram is a bit low bit it works fine and the price is also not high. Overall an affordable and satisfying phone In all ways. I just love it!!!!!!
Having bought the Nokia Lumia 610, I can say one thing for sure – It is one hell of a device for it’s price point. If you take into account the build quality , the finish, camera, and features, the phone is pretty good. Also, any arguments about the Windows Phone marketplace not having enough apps is just useless – it is the fastest growing app ecosystem with more than 100,000 apps in it. You have one for every need and requirements. Also  the clours that Nokia now offers are very refreshing and very different from what other brands offer. And btw this phone is way better than any other phone in this price band, like Bada and Android phones, because the OS is a lot smoother and clutter free. Buy it, i would recommend.
I really liked this phone, the way the wimdows phone works! Smooth user interface and the responsiveness, the animations the UI shows for every touch is very attractive. One more good thing for this cheap price is the large screen size, 3.7 Inch capacitive with 800by480 pixels. There is no phone in the current market with this screen size. Records video with 640by480p at 30Fps! which is quite good for this price. Has 5MP autofocus camera. It comes with NFC. Now the new phones comes with Tango update preloaded so has many advanced features like WiFI Hotspot and flip to silent etc.
I just got the Nokia Lumia 610 and it is really making me happy. At the price of any cheap and ordinary Android phone, i am getting the best user experience money can buy, that too on a Nokia phone. It’s just amazing , how smooth the Nokia Lumia 610 is. Plus the build quality of the device is also one of the best i have seen, and the phone feels really sturdy and secure. To add to that the cool colours the phone comes in. Awesome product, 5 stars.
I am thinking about the Nokia Lumia 610 which runs on Windows Phone... It’s the most economical windows phone available.... My friend got one and he is very satisfied with it.... Love Nokia Lumia 610...It is the best phone .
Perfect phone in this price but the main disadvantage is that it does not have bluetooth which is essential for todays era . But truely better than many samsung sets in this range as the phone has a good resolution, screen size, led flash lite, camera quality. Samsung do launch many phone in every range of our badget but every phone has the same specification and the only difference is the look persuing it.
It is being said that this phone has corning gorilla glass but it just fell down once and the glass cracked so + securing parts for this phone is difficult the price of the glass is half of the price of the phone so for me its a complete no-no!
Having bought the Nokia Lumia 610, I can say one thing for sure – It is one hell of a device for it’s price point. If you take into account the build quality , the finish, camera, and features, the phone is pretty good. Also, any arguments about the Windows Phone marketplace not having enough apps is just useless – it is the fastest growing app ecosystem with more than 100,000 apps in it. You have one for every need and requirements. Also  the clours that Nokia now offers are very refreshing and very different from what other brands offer. And btw this phone is way better than any other phone in this price band, like Bada and Android phones, because the OS is a lot smoother and clutter free. Buy it, i would recommend.
@rohan patel data can be transfered to lumia 610 using the zune software on computer/laptop..data transfer is not at all an issue. the 710 is slightly better than 610 owing to the difference in RAM the handsets have..
I just got the Nokia Lumia 610 and it is really making me happy. At the price of any cheap and ordinary Android phone, i am getting the best user experience money can buy, that too on a Nokia phone. It’s just amazing , how smooth the Nokia Lumia 610 is. Plus the build quality of the device is also one of the best i have seen, and the phone feels really sturdy and secure. To add to that the cool colours the phone comes in. Awesome product, 5 stars.
this phone does not allow sharing of data or songs from other phone, I think the main drawback of this phone,because today almost every android phone allow data sharing(or songs)from mobile to mobile.
If you cannot extend your budget by any means, then this is the way to go for. If you can wait it out for a few more days, the Omnia M (which is similarly priced) is a better option. However, if you can stretch your budget to 15k, then GO FOR SAMSUNG OMNIA W. It is better than Lumia 710, so no questions asked as far as 610 is concerned. Super AMOLED display with Gorilla Glass, 8GB storage, 512 MB RAM and a front cam just to name a few. You'll experience no slowdowns whatsoever and can even use memory intensive apps like Angry Birds. Hope this is helpful.
needs to be around 10k. well this is an old nokia strategy. they keep the initial price more than that is fair and then drop it later just so it can make customers into thinking that the phone belongs to a higher segment than it actually is. Happened with 710 and lumia 800. also since these phones wont be getting wp8 id rather wait for the next 3 months.
This phone is priced at 13k in india which is way to high. One can always go for 710 instead of this low end phone. Its a 256Mb(ram) phone and i heard some windows apps like skype etc don't support this phone. Even procy wise its a weak phone. Omnia W is priced at 15k with 1.4Ghz and 512 mb ram so better buy w if u want to go with windows phone.. Bad move by nokia.
this phone is not as good as compared to other android phones. its only 256 mb ram is not enough. i buy this phone from singapore because still it is not available in any site of india expect nokia official site. many times it hangs. and its working is also slow. i would suggest you to buy some other andriod phone like sony live with walkman. NOKIA LOST ITS IMAGE AND MARKET SHARE. dNT buy this phone if u really want to buy nokia phone then buy nokia lumia 710 it is better option in this range with 800mhz processor and 512 mb RAM.
