MOBDS7TYKGPGZEXZ
Good phone.....surprised me with its good performance .. Good features.... bigger screen....trendy look.....actually better than samsung phones in this category.
The big screen and low price are attractive. WhatsApp, Skype, Viber runs good. Still have issues with touch screen sensitivity that requires hard touch and multiple times. Same issue with navigation buttons. SOS feature never worked, it always asks to switch on SOS button although it's already on. Will recommend Moto E if front camera is not required.
Bought this good looking, low cost phone three months back. Worked fine for first two months then touchscreen started malfunctioning. Submitted for repair in one of their unprofessional service center. Got it back after 3 weeks. Faced same problem on the dai i received it. Again submitted last Saturday for repair. Only God can help me...
I am very happy with the mobile & features plus the accessories. However, the charger is giving trouble. When I plug the charger to the mobile, the screen goes haywire and several applications open & close which are out of my control. Also the battery charge does not retain for more than few hours even if I charge the phone all night.
i gave this mobile to my wife last sunday she was so happy to see this mobile i'm loving it it designed specially for cute girls
any women would fall for this cell...Gift one and get the best wishes.... Good speed,totally feminine.super duper rate...nice features,look and so many free accessories.wonderful gift packing..yet to see any cellphone with such grand packing... Ideal phone for a lady..prized possession! hats off to I-ball..
Don't go with this company. I purchased this mobile in April 2014 and the full mobile is dead only after 5 months... Don't go with them because they will not help you every if you will face any problem
I gifted this mobile to my wife 4 month back....very much bad phone....bad service in iball gallery too....very disappointed with this phone. request to all of you...don't buy this....
Well .... my dear Flipkart friends ....I bought this useless mobile (?) for my wife 4 months back and I am still repenting !!! Why ...? Count on .... 1. This 3rd class mobile being lured by none other than company's brand ambassador Ms. Kareena Kappor Khan .... poor she ! She may not be aware of extremely poor built & functional quality of this mobile .. that too being sold at premium price. 2. It is slow ... although claimed to be a dual core and 1 GB RAM ... it is slower than single core 512 MB Micromax mobile ....those who are more techy can do its technical tests for speed and come to the same conclusion ! 3. Screen is very fragile .... it breaks/ develops cracks immediately ... even if falls from a 1 foot height ..... 4. Camera quality is not up to the mark .. 5. Voice quality is poor .... can not communicate comfortably ... 6. Not worth its price tag .... do not fall for it at any cost ... 7. Added to this was a bad experience of buying from ebay.in .... their seller claimed it to be a DUAL SIM mobile... however I got a single SIM mobile ... they even did not give me discount as per on-going offer then from HDFC CC ....they even do not bother to answer your complaint ... they just get their commission/ shares and forget you ...believe me ... even after sending detail complaint with photographs .. all in vain... nobody (neither ebay.in nor their seller, mobtab) listens .......so deal with them at your own risk .. 8. Now I am in soup ... wasted my money ... so cautioning you all... 9. The ONLY good part of this mobile is its pretty pink look, which is sure to lure women !! And ... yeah... they give some standard accessories in attractive pink pouch with zip ....!!!
The product purchasing in Flipkart is reliable, good and nice. But only thing is we can see the product in online but cant see the demo. And we can't exchange it after seeing the product according to our taste.
Flipkart service is amazing as usual. Phone lags and due to 512mb ram apps loads slowly. But overall ok phone in this price range.
Purchase this Handset for my wife in April so far so good no problem at all. Touch is smooth, Battery last for long time. Nice phone @ 7800
VERY GOOD PIECE FOR WOMEN. AT THIS PRICE OFFERING SO MANY FACILITIES LIKE BIG SCREEN, 4GB INTERNAL MEMORY, 8 MP BACK CAMERA & ABOVE ALL CONNECTING DEAR ONES IN CASE OF EMERGENCY THROUGH SMS/AUTOMATIC CALLING SIMPLY BY SWITCHING BACK SIDE BUTTON. MUST FOR EVERY WOMEN. DON'T HESITATE TO BUY.
Absolutely stunning! Looks and performance. The picture clarity is wonderful.. The only negative feature is that you cannot use it while charging, the running apps get all messed up. Otherwise better than all other phones in this price range.
I purchased a cell phone Iball, got the cell phone in the morning, it worked well for the next few hours and then the display went blank, unable to see any thing on the display probably it got spoiled, had to return it back to the seller, was a very dissapointing moment as it was a gift.
