MOBDD3GJPDF24WXG
Pros : WVGA Screen (800x480) resolution 1Ghz processor Dual Sim Wifi Gravity Sensor GPS Android 2.3 Cons: 2MP camera No front facing camera 256 Mb ram 130 MB user available memory Verdict: The new micromax A87 Ninja 4.0 is a simple and unique phone at the price of Rs 6099. It has a standard Qualcomm Scorpion S2 processor which runs at 1GHz. This is similar to the one present in Xperia Neo L. On the other hand, the screen is also the same size and resolution of the Neo L. Note for Newbies to android: If this is your first android device. Soch Mar, Kharidle.
Well I bought this phone on 14th Sept. The phone looks gorgeous especially the white one. It feels like you have an expensive phone and not a MICROMAX phone. The Pros of the Phone: 1. 4-inch TFT Capacitive Touch screen - WVGA, 800 x 480 Pixels 2. 1 GHz Scorpion Processor 3. 3G 4. Wi-Fi Enabled 5. Pinch to Zoom 6. GPS 7. Gravity Sensor 8. Shake To Next - Change the song by just shaking the phone left or right 9. Flip To Stop Ring – Flip the phone to turn it to silent while it rings 10. The phone has a Screen Guard 11. Dual Sim – Sim 1 supports 3G and 2G while sim 2 supports only 2G. 12. Internal Memory – about 180MB.  You can download quite a lot of apps from the play store. Now the cons: 1. RAM - even though it says 256MB well the user available is only 120MB. U Can’t play any game above 7-8MB in size. (Not even Angry Birds Rio if you have any other app already installed). 2. 2MP cam - The camera is good during the day but poor during the night. 3. Proximity Sensor - Even though it says there is no proximity sensor well its wrong there is a proximity sensor but it is miserable it gets activated only after few seconds (10-20 secs usually) 4. Android 2.3.5 Gingerbread - While Android 4.1 Jellybean is already out, at least Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich was expected. 5. The phone does not come with a memory card  6. The headset provided with the phone is poor but if you use a good earphone the sound quality is fabulous. 7. Even though the screen is fabulous you cannot watch 720p videos due to lack of RAM but 480p videos look like 720p on the brilliant display. I would recommend you to buy this phone only for the Screen and the Processor. If you wish to play games then I recommend that you install only the game and no other app. You can play Angry Birds, Cut the Rope, etc like that but not Temple Run. The motto of the phone is Why Y? A.This review will help you answer that question. Hope this review has helped you.
So guys, m here to tell u each n every aspect of this phone coz m using dis phone from last 2 days continuously . first of all remember its only a 6k phone.so dont expect features like and processor like galaxy s3. I was reading the below mentioned review and most of them were like dont buy this phone coz of this problem coz of that problem. What else you can expect in the range of 6k ? Now come to the phone specifications. It has a 4 inches display and trust me guys if u can believe me the phone's display is SUPER AWESOME. infact its better than A100 and i can bet on this. The wifi, 3g infact 2g is running flawlessly. i havnt faced any problem with that. battery back up is nice, it will easily last 1 day or more wid moderate usage. Earphone sucks. to be very frank this phone has worst earphone. sound is just so so not so gud. but u can buy a set of good earphone and this problem will be solved. People were crying for RAM, so guys it has 256 mb of ram out f which around 150 mb is available of you. It does not lag with around 25 apps. well i am not a gamer and i m not into gaming and all. but i can tell u if u love gaming then plz dont go fr dis.Camera is decent IF YOU ARE LUKING A PHONE FOR SOCIAL NETWORKING AND SOCIAL APPS LIKE WHATS APP AND VIBER, with all mailbox configuration along with a high profile luk of a costly phone then dont think twice just go for it man... Ab kya 6 hajar mein bache ki jaan lega. and for those who are saying this is a worst phone then i can only say one word that they are getting jealous of it :)
This is a very real entry from micromax to compete with its common enemy samsung ! At this moment samsung is also launching some of its new models like duos lite which is very competetive as well as to its decendants like y series . Now a87 has no problem other brands like nokia since asha 311 runs on s40 os in this range. Now come about its features which also compete with some of the top 10 smartphones . First of all it has a 1 ghz snapdragon processor , then 4.0 large screen and Aisha sound sytem which compete with iphone 4s. It would have been great if its os and camera would have been upgraded a bit but its works very much fine better cam than y as it also comes with led flash. THINGS that make u choose to buy NINJA 4 A87 - 1. 1GHZ SNAPDRAGON PROCESSOR 2. 4 inch large screen 3. AISHA 4. 2.3 os gingerbird 5. 2.0 cam with led flash but no front camera 6. Good battery backup 7. Good gaming processor can play Angry Birds without lags 8. Multitasking is awesome 9. 256 ram is good but the apps in it consume 50% of memory NOW resons not to buy- 1.what can u expect more in ₹6000 CONCLUSION - GO FOR THIS SUPERFONE !
I have purchased this phone and using it. I was very upset with its performance. All the apps were crashing and i was unable to see pictures as well. But then thanks to Youtube uploader for a video on how to root micromax A87 and how to create the virtual RAM. I rooted my device and created virtual RAM. Also, i have removed needless micromax preinstalled apps. Guess what, phone is working nicely, I am running loads of applications including temple run, angry birds etc. Go Launcher looks pretty awesome on this device and runs very smoothly, provided rooting and creating virtual RAM successful..!!! I am giving 3 star for build quality and display. It's loosing those 2 stars for bad camera and battery life...!!
Amazing phone for this price, guys dont expect too much at 6k... It screen looks like a 15k priced phone. Browsing is super cool on 3g. At 6k budget, go for it ! Lookwise, its similar to Galaxy S2, believe me ! though specs wise there is no comparison.. Also people who are satisfied, usually dont comment, its more about those who are disappointed and wnt "big" value for their money and jealous buyers of other phones that comment
i want to tell you it contain a screen guard with it its own launcher do not contain so much of good touch but go launcher can ALSO IT DOSE'NT CONTAIN AISHA by the way i am using this product it is bigger than galaxy ACE every one say it is an awesome Phone And it is smooth to
got the phone today within 2 days! Big screen, awesome smooth touch, RAM may be low but i'm not going to install huge games. Camera is decent. detected both the sims pretty fast and was able to connect to internet with in secs. voice clarity is good. earphones are ok-ok (i'd recommend to buy better earphones) it comes with a screen guard too. all for 6k ?! must buy! u see the certified buyer tag? u can trust me!
I can tell one thing U can't see the beauty of the phone till u hold it in ur hand. In no way it looks like a phone of Rs 6000/-.I think if the name of the brand Micromax is omitted from the device u will call it a 10,000/- mobile but hats off to Micromax for making it affordable. Only one problem... RAM is too less...
good mobile from micromax 4inch screen,good resolution,good price but the biggest drawback is the ram is too low…out 0f total 256mb ram is only 131mb ram is available(rest is for android os & h/w)…yes it is true 131 mb…and out of 131mb ram only 50mb or less than that will be free which is too low for gaming or multitasking…really dont care about camera in 6k but low ram really made this mobile a bad option...
I bought this phone just last month and got ripped off.After loads of research,reading misleading reviews(some on flipkart),I bought this phone(but not from flipkart).My logic was simple- I was a Nokia loyalist, but when an Indian company offered more features for less money,why not grab it!“Nokia doesn’t even have android” I thought.But it was after I had bought this thing that I realized my big mistake. The Cons(The abundant): 1. You can’t view pictures taken in 5MP, some even taken on webcams! If you do, the gallery restarts. 2. The battery’s PATHETIC! Leave the screen on with full brightness, it would give away in 3hours! Last week I went on a trip and observed that the battery reduced from 50% to below 15% with JUST 1hr of music! Good if you want a corded phone (keep the handset attached to the charger 24*7), otherwise stay away! 3. This thing heats up very much while charging, watching videos or playing games, which even most non-branded Chinese phones don’t! Sometimes the back cover turns so hot that you’ll want to stop charging it further in the fear that the internal parts may melt from the heat. Play SIMPLE 2D games, or watch videos for more than 20mins and the same thing happens. 4. The shutter speed of the camera is awful! It takes 3-4secs to take a snap, hold your hand ROCK STEADY till then, or the picture would be very hazy. 5. The phone’s tiny internal memory is filled with rubbish system apps bundled by Micromax, which always work in the background and eat up most of the 256mb mini RAM, and leave you with almost nothing. Hence, frequent phone hanging, delayed responses and repetitive actions follow. You can’t to delete these apps, you’ll have to root it(which voids the warranty). Moreover, this is a new model, hence tried-and-tested methods haven’t come out, and trying the precious few that have been released would mean risking your phone’s life and warranty. Some say Micromax Service Centres don’t see whether the phone’s rooted or not, but who would guarantee that, huh? So, imagine the scenario if this cheap thing breaks down within a year and the Service Centres turn you down! HELL! 6. Rooting, even if rightly done, is useless if you have done it for any reason other than deleting system apps. Apps like Swapper (software which increases your RAM by borrowing it from your SD Card) don’t work on this one(Tried and tested!). The phone STILL hangs, still lags, and is STILL A PAIN! So stop dreaming about playing HD games on this one. 7. Service from Micromax is notoriously bad. I read a number of reviews about its service. No real repairs done, delayed delivering, holding the device till warranty crosses, turning down genuine sets, etc are TOO common. These companies don’t specialise in after-sales service. In fact, they spare the BARE minimum on them, mostly hiring private firms who rule the service centres and call centres for the company, thus the sub-standard service. Friends, before you spend your hard earned money somewhere, STOP and THINK. Are 2/3 more features and a few hundred/thousand rupees more important than all the hustle and harassment you’ll have to go through if you buy a cheap phone? This toy may seem fantastic just out of the box, but you’ll have to live with it for at least a few years. 8. Phone loudspeaker is WORSER than a china phone. Not loud, not clear, and screeches like some old worn-out mike you see on the streets. 19. The earphones provided are SO BAD, you can’t imagine! 10. The in-built music player doesn’t even have equaliser! 11. SIM slots are SO flimsy, you’ll break it if you don’t handle it with the care you should handle a new born babe. 12. FORGET multi-tasking. You need RAM for that. Open the gallery while listening to music, and the song,or the gallery won’t just start! These are problems that I can’t report to the Service Centres. The phone’s just 1MONTH old,and look at the long list of problems I ALREADY face.Make no mistake friends,this is not some china phone, this is MICROMAX!Thinking of going through the horror of visiting a service centre. 1.The Bluetooth isn’t working.Sometimes it pairs with a device, sometimes it doesn’t!try 10times,chances are 1 out of 10! 2.Battery drains super quick. Charge at least 3times per day with moderate use(no gaming). Pros (and rare): 1.the battery charges REAL quick!Full charge within 1- 1 n half hours! Thanks to the 500mA charger 2.You get a screen guard (good one) bundled with this,so rs200 less down the drain for this thing. 3.The Shake to Next and Flip to Silent features are good! Bottom line:The question remains: WHY should you buy this thing for 6k? Games? you can’t play most with 30mb RAM or so remaining.Videos? Ok, but forget HD ones. Have big fingers and can’t type on a small screen?Fair enough!Anything else is really a waste. From: A well-wisher
ninja 3 a57 vs ninja 4 a87 pros- -just a litlle bigger screen i.e. 4inches compared to the 3.5 inch of ninja 3 cons- -camera of ninja 4 is 2mp while ninja 3 has a good 3mp cmos -internal memory is less than that of ninja 3.....so expect to hav alot of problems installing apps -no back panels provided like in ninja 3 -display is same as ninja 3,infact some widgets are less in ninja 4 -huge difference of over 1k btw ninja 3 n ninja 4..... guys ninja 3 is the best deal till date for a low cost android.....
The device is simply beauty. N who have complaint about its RAM and INTERNAL MEMORY....... U people can just try 'swapper' and 'link2sd' application, and u will notice that the device will perform like it have 2 GB internal memory and 1 GB of RAM. But for both of application.... device had to be rooted. *Remember that...... device rooting is illegal and u will not get any warranty benefits from Micromax people after device rooting.
i own this phone, its a complete piece of disappointment. The main problem is its ram because of which it keeps on lagging most of the time.the free ram space available after the pre-loaded apps takes starts running is equal to 20 mb only, so if u try to open apps exceeding 15 MB, then it starts behaving sluggish. IT BECOMES SUPER FRUSTRATING when i see that apps like FB etc are restarting again n again, n eating up my ram. this phone is a complete waste of money, i agree that price is very cheap and u cant get 30k phone features in such price, but come on, i am not buying an android phone for the purpose of calling and texting, and run some basic apps. Sometimes, surfing becomes a headache, when u have a hi speed 3G connection and the browser in lagging again n again. then i have to reboot the phone, so that the ram is freed for some long time. ADVICE TO GAMERS: iss phone key bare mein galti se bhi mat sochna, if u r thinking to play games more than 2 mb. EVERYBODY PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE BECAUSE EVEN U BUY IT SOONER OR LATER IT WOULD SHOW UP LAGGING PROBLEMS. GENERAL ADVICE: IN TECHNOLOGY, TRY TO BUY A BRAND WHICH HAS A HISTORY OF GOOD R&D AND OF COURSE ALWAYS CONSIDER USER OPINIONS. AND YEAH NEVER BUY A THING WHICH IS NEWLY LAUNCHED, LET IT BE IN THE MARKET FOR SOME TIME, SAY A MONTH OR TWO, O THAT ALL THE TECHNICAL AND DEEP PROS N CONS ARE POINTED OUT BELOW THE SURFACE. P.S. I BOUGHT FROM A BRAND WHICH DOES NOT MAKE PREMIUM PHONES, AND I BOUGHT IT WHEN IT WAS NEWLY LAUNCHED, WHAT A BAD LUCK!!
I bought this phone a couple of weeks ago and I am very much satisfied. It has a very good built quality and the design is awesome. The screen is very beautiful. The ram given is pretty low but I have optimized it to a certain level that I get up to 70 mb free. I'll recommend using holo launcher with it and advanced task killer to clear your ram. I have even played games like highway rider and angry birds space on it they work fine you just have to take care of your ram. You cant expect everything in 6k now can you. Its a good buy if its your first android phone you'll learn many things.
Micromx Ninja 4.0 A87 is awesome phone. i am using it from past 10 days. what a phone...cool and sexy 4 inch Display! Pros: 1. Avi Format runs very smooth 2. Touch is super fine 3. 1 GHz Scorpion Processor 4. Hot Spot Tethering...Use it as a Modem and share your Internet with others 5. Display is awesome..looks nearly good as Amoled screen..you gonna like it 6. Proximity Sensor is there...it senses your face when you are not talking 7. Screen Guard is already there in the Kit so you ginna save 300+ bucks more 8. looks elegant...few guys asked me as is this I phone lol! Cons: 1. internal memory is 130 Mb 2. Games like Temple Run does not even start 3. camera is 2 Mgpxl...it runs smooth in daylight only 4. Earphone is the major Disappointment...you cannot even hear the song! 5. Charger is 500 mA...which is too heavy for a 1400 Mah battery...usually it should be around 150 to 200 mA Overall it's a good phone for 6000 INR...it could not have been better in this amount. i love it. one should go for it :) thank you micromax!!!
I bought the A87 a couple of days back. It wouldn't connect to wifi no matter what I tried. It connected twice in two days and on connection, the browser or youtube or any of the Internet related apps never worked! I had to take it to the service center and they gave me a DOA statement which entitles me to get a replacement or buy a different model if needed. The catch being I had to go to the only android micromax service center in b'lore (and incidentally for Karnataka as well!!) at residency road and wait for 3 hours to get the DOA! Another startling thing was that there were over 4 customers having the same handset, waiting for DOA. And each had a different problem! I don't understand how many customers have given such excellent reviews! I hope your handsets run without any problem for a long time! But, seriously, in the last couple of days over 10 A87s have been DOA certified! So i'll wish you all the best if you are planning to buy this handset :)
I got it from the market as flipkart did not have cod at my place and next i wanted to see the display practically before buying this phone. now after 3 weeks of use and about 3gb of data via 3g of bsnl, i feel that some very basic areas of the phone could have improved so that i could have been very happy with this phone. before going to the corns i would like to say that i have been owning computers since 1996 but had been using since 1992,but this is my first android phone or smart phone coz i have a laptop at home, one comp at office and access to internet every where and more over my kids are small and normally some or the other way they break my phone at least 3 times a year and i buy new one... thats one of the reasons to buy micromax as i may not loose more if broken or thrown or dropped in water. >>>>> now negative points.... 1. Ram is too low not 256 MB as stated in website but 161.9 MB that is what the app in my phone shows of which most of the times with very little or nil application the free RAM available is less than 25 MB making the applications to restart. Problem=> as the system uses about 120 -130 MB of ram always you cannot continuously work on a few applications at a time as the RAM gets full and the applications get restarted every now and then. 2. the internal memory is very very less.which is about 185 MB and comes already preloaded with apps so usable memory is only about 30 or so MB. Problem=> some of the apps like maps, Facebook, mail, play etc when gets updated there is hardly no memory left and even if u download 1 or 2 mb document from mail they cannot be saved and gust get discarded. so i had to uninstall all that updated to keep some free memory for my day to day use. overall practical problems faced by me, 1. while browsing the net or reading doc or pdf in my mobile i need to constantly clear the running applications 2. as the internal memory is very tiny in spite of having a 16GB micro SD Card of which 14 GB free, i clean the browser history, catch etc almost every day or when ever i get a low memory warning to keep the phone working smooth. which is a real head ache, as u download a file and after completion it says not enough memory and gets discarded. 3. though i used very little to make voice calls i could find that the phone gets heated up very fast and very hot, at that point it feels like a real bazaar china phone. suggestions=> 1. buy a phone with minimum 256 MB RAM better is 512 MB - this phone has only 161.9 MB where as Samsung says 256 and has 256MB RAM. 2. At least 1 GB of internal memory only then you could really enjoy all features of android, this phone is good for a user who rarely uses it for applications and mostly uses for call and text. pls dont get carried away like me with 1GHZ processor so that you can subsistence most of your computing jobs with the phone, which is not possible. coz lack of RAM and internal memory. thank you
Guys what are you expecting when you are going to buy mobile phone @ such a low price. If you want more RAM, more processing SPEED then pay 31,000/-Rs & buy Galaxy S3 its so simple...!! This is very nice mobile phone @6000/-Rs, such a faster Processor, RAM etc., If anyone wants higher RAM for playing Games then he should buy PLAY STATION-3 or GALAXY-3...!! I am using this phone from last 25 Days & believe me its amazing...!! MICROMAX Rocks..!! Yahhhoooooo...!!!
Bought this phone few days back. Functioning pretty well. It has decent specification within. Since Im very much new to the android platform and don't play high end android games, this mobile phone suited me best. If u have ever used a android mobile before, pls don't try this phone. you may not like it. This phone has decent specifications but the low RAM is the one which keeps us low. It has all the features what other android phones have, but with a lesser RAM. The specs says it has 256 Mb of RAM. But what u ultimately get is lesser than half of it. If you are just satisfied to use apps which consume lesser than 2mb file size, the phone performs very well ! Coming to the music player.. the music sometimes stops while playing owing to memory constraints. You need to play it again to resume where you left. But i have to admit that the feature which this device has will be available for around Rs.12000 in other brands. But for this price u cant ask for more, u have to compromise on the RAM.Offlate, i wud say this is the best mobile for this price.
If you were in doubt about whether to buy Aisha (which is has got great features like hi-speed multi-shots, good camera quality, n even good video quality but the screen size is really a dissapointemnt)or Ninja 3 (which looks much big'n better and the screen resolution is also better than Aisha but camera is terrible) then you and I have everything in common! Guys I spent hours checking review videos of Ninja 3 and Aisha and wishing if some model had a combination of both. So when Ninja 4 got launched I thought this was it.But I was so mistaken. 1)the camera sucks, 2)sound is pretty low 3)no music settings (so ppl used to samsung phones and all would be greatly dissapointed) 4)you cant play high-resolution games 5)the machine hangs at times! and now the (ONLY) good point: 1)its 4 inch, so you can show off and watch videos more happily now the choice is yours....
Hi friends i bought Micromax Ninja 4.0 A87 2 days back (price only 5800 rs). first of all i must say this phone is really good in its price range. I noticed that lots of people saying this phone is completely boring. But yes if its compare with phones priced above rs8000. But look at the price its only 5800 and u cant expect more from this phone in it price range. Look at the spec too.. How can we say its not good. Display is so good. Even 7000rs to 8500rs range phones doesn't have this type of display. I am not fan of games (really). I installed vlc player and also mx player now its can play hd (but some issues). If you have anything to say about this phone just think its price and then comment. :) Sound Quality is good with other head sets not with given headset. 1. Stunning look 2. Above average sound quality with other head sets 3. price (5800 rs). 4. Can play HD(720p)(some issues) just think(5800 rs ;)) 5. Good display 6. Nice Screen size 7. Dual sim 8. 3g WiFi and gps in 5800 rs phone lol ;) fear 1. buid quality (i don't know). if its last 8 months i m satisfied. 2. Yes gaming in this phone. not that good (if your a game fan then go away and busy some high end phone ;)) 3. lots off apps have issues with this phone i think. (high size apps above 7 MB i think. really not sure) Request 1. Please Don't compare this phone with above 7000 rs phones
I h'v been using this mobile since 4 days, the only good thing at this price is how it looks.The screen size, touch and clarity are perfect. Other than that you won't be able to use any apps on it as it has very low memory and ram. Most of the apps i tried, ended up in hanged phone or force close. Forget about playing games on it.The phone is really slow with even basic apps like facebook, go launcher. Even the inbuilt app i.e hook up causes problems as it gives me message for force close several times in a day.So its disappointing. Using fully loaded 8Gb sd card on it causes problems while loading gallery and it closes without any warning. Movies with higher resolution won't run on it.. Wifi and 2g works fine without any problem. Battery backup is good enough for decent usage. So if you want to buy it for its look and Android platform, then go for it as u won't get any other better looking phone in this price range. Other wise if you want to play games or have fun with other apps of large android market then don't waste ur money on it.
I think it doesn't have proximity sensor which is very necessary in touch phones. Its also lacking of LED flash light. The difference in Ninja 3 and 4 is only of 0.5 inch then why should we pay 1000 extra.. go for Ninja 3
Since the internal storage is very very less, it may create problems while installing any apps. Think b4 buy
First of all, I didn't buy it from Flipkart. I bought it on my birthday from a mobile shop, as per instruction I put it on charge for 10 hrs and from the very next day it started working like shit. Used to loose charge very quickly it was like charging for 3-4 hrs and put it back again within 1 hr. I bought it for it's large screen and greater resolution and expected it will run the great game titles. But it feels really bad to say it didn't just crash everytime but sometime I can't even take my calls for it bad touch sence, sometime frame rate fails when playing a video and the worst of all it's RAM it hardly shows 70-95 MB never more than it. Downloading is like HELL, crashes everytime, fails to open apps and large browsing sites. Please don't waste your cash on this, any Samsung or LG mob is better than this. So much left to spit on this shit, but not much time & space.
the worst phone ever...used it for 18 months. and i cried everyday. dnt ever go for micromax devices. battery lasts for 5 hrs at the max. camera is woeful.n so many snags. 1) music player will stop by itself. 2) it will hangs like 8/10 times. 3) takes a lifetime to charge the battery again. 4) apps cannot be installed. 5) 130 mb user memory ! u cnt do shit in that. pls dnt buy this phone. spend 6k more and get a good mobile.Moto G costs 12.5k. !!!
This is the one of the worst phone ever. No Internet Speed No Gaming Speed Whats app is also not working on this phone. Sometime memory card is not been working on this phone. Sound System is too low. internal memory and ram is very low.
This Product Sucks Every Time Its Hang Even We On Whats app its Just A Phone For Playing I Gave To My Brother Who Is 4 Year Old ......Please Dont Buy This Product But The Flipkart 5 star Screen resolution Is also Bad Cant Play a Hd Video Above 10mb Any Application Will Not install ram Is Just 256mb Thats Sucks Dont go for this Go For Samsung Star Pro
I bought this one 4 months ago , I never expected s3 feature in this phone, but at least for sake of humanity anyone can expect basic phone and sms feature working well in any kind of phone irespecting of its price. But this micromax phone dont even work in phone and sms feature. it just increase my BP everytime whenever I was using this useless phone ( if you call it a phone). at last I just thow it in dustbin any bought a narmal phone. now i get peace in my life back.. :) . Just one advice "DONT BUY THIS ".
one of the worst products from micromax. bought and within few months the phone started restarting. when placed it with service centre, they took 3 months to repair it and the phone is not even properly repaired. u cannot play any game on this cell phone. the Best worst phone from mmx.
Quite unstable. Hangs too often. launcher fails. Display jumbles up. Calls fail - call gets established but voice does not reach the other end. Defeats the basic purpose of a phone.
Used it for last 6 months and following is my rating Internal Memory: 0 RAM: 0 So basically Game: 0 But Display: 5 Look: 5 Handling: 5 Battery: 5 Headphone: 2 So if you want to access the internet and chat with your friends or watch movies its amazing but if you want to play any game its just dont run any of it.
Total waste of money... The internal memory and RAM is very less even to run mormal application, you can not even open Facebook in it. It is showing 3 to 4MB memeory is available for RAM and some time even showing 0 MB. Better to go for a good mobile with some more bucks.
I am using it for a month my new Micromax ninja 4. Issue : During Call, I can't hear the other persons voice and after some seconds it starts working again. I am changing my handset. Hope you guys are not facing the same.
I have been using this phone for 3 months and I have been facing a lot of problem with this phone. 1. Bluetooth Issue: Not able to transfer big files like video and movies. 2. The phone seems to hang a lot. 3. While watching the video on the Gallery player it gets booted out automatically. 4. When using the I Net the window gets closed automatically. Really not satisfied with this phone. So guys before buying it please do Ur homework.
so,as you can see that mostly all the reviews are with 5 or 4 star because the micromax employees have actually written these reviews.... PROS 1) it has a 4 inch display 2)1ghz processor 3)less price CONS 1)it has 90mb of ram 2)touchscreen is not good 3)often hangs 4)dosent support 3g 5)cannot run games or apps properly 6)camera is very bad ie 2mp only 7)has very much less internal memory nearly 90 mbs
Micromax ninja A87 lacks from 3 points 1) battery( its the worst part ,even china phones have good battery e.g. if your battery is 100% charged and u watch any video for 10 minutes it goes 85%...if you do multitasking when internet is ON battery will drain within an hour from 100 to 20 %) 2) internal memory ....is very less if you already have bumch of applications and u want to download more u need to delete few apps ... 3) less ram instead of this phone go with samsung or micromax 110....spending few more bucks
cons: -very very very weak battery. If u r a internet user please carry the charger 24*7 with u -low on intrnl memory- if u r a app geek or a gamer forget about thinking Ninja4 -very bad multi functioning- if u wanna listen to songs n chat n open the gallery together phone gets confuzed & wont respond at all untill u take off the battery. -camera is just to say this phone has camera...!!! -headphone & music quality is very irritating & rear speaker is a dumb idea..!! -music player stops in between as well as gallery too... -one can make a omlet out of an egg on its rear body coz gets heated up so much that u cant even touch it..!! -cant delete preloaded useless apps in the phone -cant play HD vedios..only play low quality 3gp vedios. so waste of 4inch screeen pros: - 4inch screen - good looks - pinch n zoom is built good - voice quality is good conclusion: really wonder y mmx didnt test this phone before releasing it...but anyways mmx is doing a great job as an Indian company..but if they compromise on quality and R&D its tough to keep their heads up in market. MMX has all the capacity to become the APPLE of India..!! folks just wait for better phones from MIcromax..!!
USING FOR 3 MONTHS.LOW RAM IS NOT THE PROBLEM.THERE ARE SEVERAL TWEAKS,CUSTOM ROM AVAILABLE AFTER ROOTING USE RAM EXPANDER AND DARK ANGEL ROM WITH SUPERCHARGER.ALL ARE AVAILABLE OVER XDA OR ANDROIDFORUMS.AFTER DOING THIS.... 1.PHONE IS FAST AS HELL.I CAN PLAY MANY GAMES LIKE ANGRY BIRDS,MOST WANTED,MODERN COMBAT 2 EASILY.VERY GOOD GAMING 2.DISPLAY IS AWESOME. 3.ITS 1GHZ PROCESSOR IS VERY VERY FAST.I HAVE EXPERIENCED IT.AND IT ALSO BEATS IN PROCESSOR PERFORMANCE ALL OTHER SINGLE CORE DEVICES IN QUADRENT BENCHAMRK. 4.NO PROBLEM IN DAILY USE FOR CALLING,MESSAGING,WEB BROWSING ETC. SO FREINDS GO FOR IT..........
I bought this phone in November and I have to tell you its purely awesome. The screen is the biggest advantage. I don't need to discuss the specs you already know them. And RAM was a big problem initially in this phone but after rooting and tweaking its working really good.I don't have any problem in this phone and its far better than its close competitor's Galaxy Y and HTC explorer. Just go for it Guys and you wont regret buying it.
I bought this phone for my mother & she never used a smart phone before. So I just wanted some cost effective smart phone so that if she is not comfortable with it we can just buy new regular one. But this phone proved to be much better than what we expected on most of our expectations. While buying it one must keep in mind price at which it is being offered & should not compare it with high end offerings in this segment. Price is extremely low when we look at the feature packed phone with all its offering. Good points - Basic function of phone "making & receiving calls" is good. - 4 inch display & overall design is nice. - User interface is good & response time very good. - 4 GB external card free with it. Areas of improvement - Camera needs immediate improvement. Should be at least 3 mp - In built applications needs to be reduced so that user can use internal memory more effectively. Heard that micromax after sales service points are limited but one should not think too much on it as most of phone manufacturer have limitation in this area. Overall its a extremly value for money phone !!
I bought this phone for my friend. He was looking for an android phone with good screen for around 6000/- I found this phone on flipkart and it also had comparatively faster processor and screen size on the price range. So I recommended this for him. The phone is superb and he is loving it, I also liked the fact that flipkart gives free 4GB memory card with it!!!! It was delivered flawless and an awesome product.....
I got Micromax Ninja A87 delivered on 23/11/12 by Flipkart. This is my third smart phone after LG Optimus and Samsung Galaxy Y. It is much better than what I had expected. Contrary to the myths provided in the previous previews, the speed of processor, touch-screen sensibility, data download speed is amazingly good. Yes, the user memory is lesser but quite sufficient to srore necessary apps. It may be a disappointment for the heavy gamers. Safdar Husain
This is a very real entry from micromax . THINGS that make u choose to buy NINJA 4 A87 - 1. 1GHZ SNAPDRAGON PROCESSOR 2. 4 inch large screen 3. AISHA 4. 2.3 os gingerbird 5. 2.0 cam with led flash but no front camera 6. Good battery backup 7. Good gaming processor can play Angry Birds without lags 8. Multitasking is awesome 9. 256 ram is good but the apps in it consume 50% of memory NOW resons not to buy- 1.what can u expect more in ₹6000 CONCLUSION - GO FOR THIS SUPERFONE
Read the Pros and cons as written by others , but ill tel solution of cons 1)Low ram - Root mobile , enjoy the games 2)Usb problem - Some it doesnt connect properly , use LG or buy another cable( no other option) 3)Bad earphone - replace it , i use Lg , perfect fit but not adviceable buy another micromax, ure saving a lot on dis android , perfect it 4)Low ROM - install apps on SD card helps a bit
very attractive phone, go for it guys ,,, this is one of the chepest phone in market with super quality display its almost close super amloed the only prob is the ram bt if u dnt want to play games,thn this is the best deal u can get
The display is awesome, you do not get 4 inch display with 800 x 480 pixels with such nice saturation of colour in Rs. 6000 price. The Wifi and 3g connectivity is damn good... The screen is fairly responsive to touch....If you are more into watching videos and browse internet, then this mobile is tailor made for you. The only major drawback in this mobile is the RAM, 256 MB of RAM is too less out of which only 110 MB is available, so playing high-end game is not at all possible....unless you root the mobile. So, do not think twice go for this Superfone if you like watching videos and browsing internet on your mobile...
in short pros - stunning looks. my friend's galaxy dous looks inferior in front of it 4 inch screen with crisp display good for surfing net and watching videos and better than most the phones under 20k touch is smooth the wifi range is outstanding i can use my wifi from my friends house whose house is after leaving 2 house 1 ghz snapdragon processor adreno 200 gpu sturdy build quality cons low ram.. can be overcome by rooting apps tested (Without rooting) mx player poweramp u torrent opera skype supports video calling (back camera) viber whats app season zen live wallpaper haunted house hd live wall games racing thunder racing moto angry bird space office suite adobe reader and many more conclusion - a very good phone at entry level and become beast and runs most of the hd games after rooting.
Bought this phone for 5750/- from a retailer. Been using this Phone for a couple of days now. You shouldn't be kidding yourself when you expect this phone to run high end apps. Its a 6K phone. Why would it do that? The reason I bought this phone was - a big screen, internet surfing & basic apps and it does not disappoint you on that front. Internet has crashed a couple of times on this phone, but it works fine after killing the other apps which take up memory. Other than that its a pretty neat low-end android device. Go for it if you're not one of those heavy duty gamers or app buffs.
Its An Amazing phone im Using From Last 1month its Has very good Display And It Looks is Awsome no One Belive that this Set is 6k So Frnds Go For it Dont Wory... But Con is ram But U can Put Some Apps like Memory booster etc And All Apps Are Working Fine Without Hanging And the video Clarity Is Also very Impressive "InFornt of MMA87 No Galay Y And Ace go For it guys Dont Mis This... Micromax is now Thoughtest Compitetor For Samsung but Micromax is giving Good Phones in less Price Than Samsung
this is a samsung galaxy S2 for Rs. 6000+ i am using for the past 2 weeks... this phone may have shortfalls like low ram, low internal memory and 2MP back camera... but the video quality is just class apart...
nice mobile but i got some problem with this phone just in 15 days.....display becomes flickering often and horizontal lines which makes unusable screen......same review i have seen with many people about this phone.....
Performance wise it is a good phone- user friendly, brilliant display and fast OS. Connecting to computer through USB is a little problematic sometimes though, but it might be the problem with a particular set. Pre installed apps are awesome. And the best thing is there are so many apps already installed when you buy the phone. The camera did not seem upto the mark to me, the picture quality is slightly below the 2MP quality I have seen before. But under sufficient light the captures are great. So overall it is quite a good phone..found it worth buying.
I am using this mobile for past 10 days and quite satisfied with the performence.Some pointers from my side >> The screen clarity is mind blowing, touch is good enough. >> pictures that i took turned out to be quite good for a 2MP fixed focus camera. But camera performance at night is very poor. >>After the screen the second biggest attraction is the look and feel. It fits in the palm quite well and beats many high ranged mobiles by its look. >>It lags when i try to play 720p video but plays 480p nicely. >>The internal memory is less but is not a big deal in my case cause almost all the apps(not every) can be moved to sd card >> The worst part of the the phone is the RAM. After the preinstalled apps the available memory is very low. Multitasking is a big no no. But still i would recommend this mobilebe cause as a entry level mobile its satisfactory. I have found some interesting apps and games which dosen't need much RAM and suitable for me. So dont wait if u want to surprise ur friends with high end looks and low budget.
First of all, thankyou again to flipkart for such a quick delivery & about the phone:- I have got this phone 3 days back & am using it continously from that day.. Its an amazing phone in this price. Micromax has launched a powerful thing in the market. Believe me, you will not get this much features in any other brand within this price tag. The touch is fabulous, screen colors are awesome. the brightness, sound, looks everything is nice in this. I have installed n numbers of apps & they work absolutely fine. the phone never hang or any other issues. The only lack in this phone is the RAM & Camera(but only for those who wants High resolution camera in their handset); rest everything is superbbbb... BUT again; remember; you are only spending 6K for such a great device.
I Bought this phone for my father.He is so happy to have it. You have to experience to believe me guys...The Screen Clarity of the phone is IMPECCABLE for the price. Its features are of phones priced 16k and above (except for the cam,which most do not care about during the use of SLR or Digicams). Good battery backup with even Dual SIM. Highly recomended for people who value the ITEM more than the BRAND NAME ! KUDOS MICROMAX FOR THIS SHEAR IMPOSSIBLE PHONE
Bought this phone from a local dealer two days ago and after using this phone two days finally i am writing this review the main feature of this phone is its 4.0 WVGA, 800 x 480 Screen and its Price just around 6.0 K the Pros and Cons I've noticed are: Pros: 1. Its Price Just 6.0 K 2. 4.0 WVGA, 800 x 480 Screen 3. 1 Ghz Processor 4. Battery Life is Gud 5. Flip 2 Silent Cons: 1. 256 MB Ram, this cannot let u to run heavy application even Cut the Rope, Rope n Fly, Fruit Ninja cannot be played but u can enjoy Doodle jump, mouse,etc.the inbuilt apps cannot be removed which always consumes RAM 2. 2 MP camera 3. GPU is unavailable 4. Though Screen is not so sensitive but u can compromise on it Conclusion : If you are not a heavy apps user this could be a best buy under Rs. 6000, Micromax has offered more than enough under this price tag you cannot expect more than this in 6K. Even I Suggest go for it rather than buying Samsung Y.
GOOD phone using for a week.....dint get it from flipkart....gotitfor Rs.3700/+Rs.150 for * gbsamsung class 6 mem card.....Phone display is awesome....though the ram is low .....rooting helped to elevate the performance of the device........ So good phone.....when un rooted awesomely excellent phone after rooting..............
Cons:-Less Ram(256MB) Brand(Micromax) Other than that this phone is Awesome.If you want to play any games Stay away from this phone.If your priority is browsing,calling,messaging,and apps for social networking.This Phone is too awesome for viewing web pages.As you know Camera is also 2MP.So beware of that.I feel battery is also not good but that issue is there with all the smart phones.If you are looking for phones with similar specs in other brands then they are around 12k.For 6k you will not even get an android phone in other brands.So just go for it
hey guys I used this cell for 4-5 days continually I am telling some good & bad points I experienced here are they: Good points: 1) It look very good like eye catcher. 2) Response time is good (as I used HTC Wildfire it has just same response time for touch screen) 3) Its sleek look & white back cover (now days co. is giving white in place of black) is good. 4) Its speed is fast in class of any other cell in the same range. 5) The range antenna is very very good. You never get out of range. (Provided you are not using Uninor) 6) Its starting time is very low also it reads your SD card in few moments is very very good. 7) Battery life is very very good even I use it for a day on WiFi & calling purpose when I charge it only for 4 hours. Bad points: 1) Ear phone co. provide is worst. 2) Camera is so-so. 3) If you play high resolution game some time it lacks. 4) Live wallpaper get crash in any time (even in ideal time when cell is lock & screen is off) Conclusion: If you are looking for Smart phone & your budget is economic then dont think & get it now...
i buy this mobile 2 weeks ago not from flipkart.i have facing many problems in this mobiles. 1)no sound settings 2)BIG GAMES NOT WORKING.ANGRY BIRDS RIO,LAN SPILTER. 3)WEATHER WIDGET NOT WORKING. 4)POOR CAMERA 5)RAM ONLY 119 MB.ALREDY 80 MB IN USE AND 39 MB FREE.SO I PLAY THE BIG GAME ITS HANG. 6)INTERNAL MEMORY IS ONLY 121 MB FREE 7)FILE MANAGER SETTINGS NOT GOOD.DO NOT SEND SONGS,PHOTOS OR ANYTHING WITH SELECT ALL OPTION. 8)I HAVE PROBLEM TO CONNECT INTERNET DATA CONNECTIVITY NOT WORKING PROPERLY. 9)i install many application so ram is only 9 to 20 mb free. 10)the headphone quality is very cheap.very bad sound in headphone. 11)i play the song and just normal shake it the songs is change.there is no setting in music player so i dont stop this things.it is very bad. 12)i call someone and just the loud speakar on but the loud spaker sound is very bad. 13)no user profile settings.it is only enable.i dont have setting in it. 14)disply and resolution is best. 15)no micromax service centre in vasai.there are only 3 or 4 service centre mumbai. dont waste u r money and time...................
superb at all angles.... it have extream fabulous resolution looks display live.... have slim and broad disign very big screen... and 1 super think..this phones touch screen is directly fight with i-phone touch screen..... i use many phones including I-phone but touch of this phone is fantastic surelyyy go for it until stock last.. 10 out of 10 from me....
Like everyone i had bad impression about micromax. After seeing A87 i bought it immediately. i had used it for 2 weeks. Ninja 4 is really a great phone for 6k. Its look is awesome. The phone operates smoothly. Only issue is low ram. But as i am not a gamer, This is my best buy. Warning: If you have the phone in your hand , you wont give it back.....
@Moiz H Godhrawala: Hey Moiz, I know the solution to your phone's problem. Actually, this problem happened with me as well, but after looking in to some options of the phone, I was able to find out the solution. To stop this pop up messages and run Google play store and browser, you have to stop auto sync with gmail. Gmail continuously using internet connection and don't let other apps to use data connection. I know gmail app should also work through auto sync but by this solution you would be able to run google play store, youtube and browser etc application.
I have buy this phone before 2 days it has lots of problem ram is only 128 Google play and browser does not work and some thing is continuously using my internet in this phone whenever i disable internet popup come showing download unsuccessful for 8 to 9 times just a good bright 4 inches display to see..
That's 6K of my hard-earned money down the drain. I didn't buy this phone from Flipkart, but I did get it from a local store. I'd gone to buy a simple dual-SIM QWERTY, preferably the LG C375, to supplement my XPERIA Arc S. None of the local shops had it, except one, but they were a couple of demo phones that, unfortunately, looked a bit old. The salesman suggested I buy the Samsung Chat instead, but with bad looks, a smaller screen size of 2.2 inches, and an extremely low resolution of 176x220, it didn't go down well with me. At that point, he suggested the Ninja 4.0. I was taken in by the phone's good looks and build quality. On top of that was the 4.0-inch LCD screen that, although viewing angles were poor (I had no issues with that, though), produced some really good colors. And then there was the 1-GHz processor, coupled with what seemed to be a fluid UI. At just 6K, everything seemed to be steal. Until I paid the money and took the phone home. The first thing I did was transfer a 720p video (Beauty of Nature, which came with the first Samsung AMOLED Wave) to see how good the screen really was. It didn't work. Subsequent transfers of a couple of similar videos produced the same results: "Sorry, this video cannot be played." Later, I decided to sit down and text using my new phone. That's when the second issue surfaced. I frequently got stuck on characters, especially the letter "L." Four presses, five presses six, nothing. Then, on the seventh or maybe eighth, the letter would register. I switched to landscape, and the same happened, especially with the spacebar. I would keep hitting it, multiple times, before it would eventually register. Then, just two days into my purchase, the issue of responsiveness surfaced. I tried to access the Calendar icon, but the press wouldn't register. Several hits, nothing. The same with the other three icons in the same row. I swiped to the next pane of icons, and the result was the same. All other parts of the screen were working, EXCEPT the top icon row. It sorted itself out after a while, only to keep on surfacing from time to time since. The phone’s an absolute piece of junk. It comes equipped with a good 4-inch screen, but there’s not much use for it when you can’t play videos on it. With a laggy keyboard, texting is very, very frustrating. Screen responsiveness: sometimes good, but sometimes “I want to smash this phone against the wall” bad. And let’s not even mention browsing, gaming, or the fact that, with the paltry memory, which I only came to know about later, more than half the apps on the Android store will not work. No wonder Micromax and the likes can afford to sell so cheap: the quality of the hardware is extremely poor. The only thing this phone’s got going for it are good looks, good build, a decent screen, and a 1-GHz processor. Everything else about it is bad...in a really bad way. If you’re thinking you’re buying a smartphone, mind you, this is a smartphone without the “smart” in it. Don’t be misled by its price tag. Get a product from an established brand instead.
i bought this phone on 22nd Sep'12(But not from FlipKart),after using 10 days, the phone went bad like while calling suddenly swithed off and not rebooting even after Switch ON. The screen turns to white in colour and blinking. I have Mailed to Micromax customer care about my problem,but not responding. very poor after sales service. Suggest to buy premium brands for durability,performance and after sales service. It's Not worth to buy these kind of cheap mobiles while you are going for smart/android phones even though the price is very less.
Worst phone... Hangs.. Even Playstore doesn't open.. Sucks big time! The charging point on the phone somehow displaced from its original position...Although the service centre guys got it right.. but this happened again.. I'm just sick and tired of this phone..
Guys, Brands like micromax, karbonn, spice, byond wont have resale value. Even their service and support centers will be less. Buy from reputed companies like samsung, nokia, sony, htc. After a few months and sometimes even after a few weeks issue will develop. They are cheaper in price because they use cheap materials.
this phone looks decent, but problems started when i started using it. the ram is just too low to even play music. it just cuts off in the middle of listening! playing even a low graphic game is out of the question! internal memory is another failure of this phone. downloaded and installed about 4 apps, and now there's no space left! i know i'm wrong in expecting this phone to be oozing features of a 20-grand phone, but i can't help the frustration when using it. gonna dump this pretty soon and will read everything down to the last detail when buying my next one
Its does not run more than one application at a time due to lack of RAM which is 131 MB only. 90% is occupied by OS services. Not recommended at tall. But the specifications suggest, the RAM is 256 MB. I do not know how others have not raised voice about this. I bought this mobile from Purvika, Chennai.
Farzi , Baqwas mobile hai. I advise someone plz don't purchage this cell. Chineze mobile hai aur naam micromax. please meri sabse request hai yeh mobile mat purchaze karna Becoz mene 17-09-2012 ko purchaze kiya tha aur 2 din k baad 3500 me sell kiya
Well I bought this phone on 14th Sept. The phone looks gorgeous especially the white one. It feels like you have an expensive phone and not a MICROMAX phone. The Pros of the Phone: 1. 4-inch TFT Capacitive Touch screen - WVGA, 800 x 480 Pixels 2. 1 GHz Scorpion Processor 3. 3G 4. Wi-Fi Enabled 5. Pinch to Zoom 6. GPS 7. Gravity Sensor 8. Shake To Next - Change the song by just shaking the phone left or right 9. Flip To Stop Ring – Flip the phone to turn it to silent while it rings 10. The phone has a Screen Guard 11. Dual Sim – Sim 1 supports 3G and 2G while sim 2 supports only 2G. 12. Internal Memory – about 180MB.  You can download quite a lot of apps from the play store. Now the cons: 1. RAM - even though it says 256MB well the user available is only 120MB. U Can’t play any game above 7-8MB in size. (Not even Angry Birds Rio if you have any other app already installed). 2. 2MP cam - The camera is good during the day but poor during the night. 3. Proximity Sensor - Even though it says there is no proximity sensor well its wrong there is a proximity sensor but it is miserable it gets activated only after few seconds (10-20 secs usually) 4. Android 2.3.5 Gingerbread - While Android 4.1 Jellybean is already out, at least Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich was expected. 5. The phone does not come with a memory card  6. The headset provided with the phone is poor but if you use a good earphone the sound quality is fabulous. 7. Even though the screen is fabulous you cannot watch 720p videos due to lack of RAM but 480p videos look like 720p on the brilliant display. I would recommend you to buy this phone only for the Screen and the Processor. If you wish to play games then I recommend that you install only the game and no other app. You can play Angry Birds, Cut the Rope, etc like that but not Temple Run. The motto of the phone is Why Y? A.This review will help you answer that question. Hope this review has helped you.
when i brought it(2013 ,dec)..it price was 6700.when i run Google play it automatic back.other program seems to a same case.some time gallery is hang .suddenly phone hang..it's nothing a good quality to tell you..i ask to micromax company what they think about this phone when they lunch.because it has a 4.3" display..other function doesn't matter ??total worst of money...
Don't go with picture as shown. I purchased Micromax Ninja 4.0 (same price as shown)from a local dealer. It has an awesome look. But its ram is very low (256 MB). So when I wish to run any new application, I have to delete some existing applications. Very frequently, It happened that, I was unable to receive a phone call. Again it hangs a lot. So, it is my suggestion that don't do for it. Better go for NOKIA 107.
i bought this phone in december 2012..people used to mistake it for a galaxy or an iphone. it is a beauty in terms of looks. now coming to the negative points, there are quite a few. The camera is pretty bad. calling is a pain since sound quality is not good at all. after few months of use it was becoming very difficult for me to hear a single voice during calls without switching on the speaker so i sold it..the touch is also not good. overall an average phone. but i guess this was one of the starts that micromax required to enter the big league. now it has the canvas brand which is selling like hot cake . hope micromax hasimproved
I am using this mobile more than 2 years based on my usage Pros: Look, it gives a royal look even under 5k category cons: frequently hanging, even it hangs when a call arrives low RAM memory only 256 so its very difficult to run games like temple run, etc. battery life is also very bad, if you see 3 videos by MX player the battery will be dead. so if u want to give others a show means this is your phone gives only look not more than that.
Bought the phone from flipkart last year.the battery swelled after 3 months of using.The RAM is 160 MB and not 256 MB. The phone gets heated up. This is the worst phone as well as worst brand. Customer care is not at all good.
AN ORDINARY PHONE WITH GOOD LOOK... FACED BATTERY PROBLEM... REPLACED BY SERVICE CENTRE. BUT THE DELIVERY WAS QUITE GOOD... HASTLE FREE. GOOD TRADING SITE ........................................................................................................................................
I bought this product and found that it has very low ram but in my case i had upgraded it from gingerbread(2.3.5) to jelly bean(4.2.1) and i am totally impressed with this phone.Its model is big and stylish.I think that its a good phone.
I was impressed by the screen size. It hangs often and if you receive a call, and attend, you will not be able to disconnect even after the call is over.. What else feature you want? Buy a normal, cheap even outdated phone without fancy features if you want to avoid any disappointment with NINJA 4.0. I can't throw 6k hard earned money.. buy I can save your money with this feedback.
worst phone I ever used.most apps did not works everything lags in this phone...even its Music player...if u did'nt restart it in every two hours the things will start lagging service at service center is very poor, they took 2 months to repair it. go for a branded phone like nokia,samsung,sony,even karbon is better than this. Micromax is a complete china made......horrible experience with this phone.
when I bought this phone I installed many apps but I came to know it is just useless to buy this phone because apps got installed and not working properly .Its just good for watching videos .It says it offers 256 mb ram but really it offers 130 mb ram which useless to do anything on phone . I am suggesting to not go via this phone
Having a very bad experience with this product. Very bad performance. Faced lot of hardware problems within 3-4 months of purchase. Services are also not satisfactory. Micromax service centers do not treat the customers well. And all the hardware related problem are chargeable even with in the warranty period. PLEASE DO NOT OPT FOR IT or else you may have to waste Rs.6000 as i did.
This phone is good in look but there are problems of heating while charging, hanging of the phone and touch screen touch sensor many time when I used it. Which is not very good to purchase its better to go for mobiles of other company.
i have been using it for the past 4 months and i must say micromax is getting better... its really worth the price.. the display is preety good but u cant read a shit out in the sun... its not good for gaming and the ear piece is not that good but still its a lot lot better than the samsung models at this price tag. body build up is really good and almost all major apps are supported except games more than 10 mb
The phone looks awesome, high resolution display, 1Ghz processor, wait... really? The phone is very very bad! 1) RAM is two low, even dialer would crash/hand. my friend call me, and the phone wont tell me they called! I have even tried SD card swapping, on a very high end sd card. The phone still sucks! Camera app crashes before I can even take a pic! 2) Micromax will be micromax, even though it has 1Ghz processor, I can not even run wats app, forget playing games. 3) Touch screen has some major problem, touch here, and it will fell somewhere else! Touch screen hangs very often! 4)Has default Android 2.3. and mind me, even if it was 4.1 , it would still suck, android developers create forns for androids only, I mean not hor humans, only if a company spends time for developing softwares (best example samsung), then it is worth buying. I would rather buy a samsug 5000 phone then this shit. 5) The volume of speaker is tooo low, I mean ther person on other end has to shout, and I have to stick the phone inside my ear. With headphone, the head-phone, this phone lowers the mic recording volume, i dont know why, but after putting any headset, I have to shout, and the person on other end is unable to listen. 6) The phone worked like charm in starting few weeks, but now it drives me crazy as hell, I can not even properly use dialer or camera! I have to restart phone again and again. Cant send sms, beause either this phone has problem in catching network, or the touch keyboard is incredible! Any 1000 Rs phone is better than this load of crap.
Hanging is the most common problem for this phone, apps like temple run just wont run at all, angry birds, 3d bowling will some times run and sometimes not. touch screen maa man is just awesome gets hanged even during a call so if the person you are talking to won't disconnect the phone u have to remove the battery only. You might be thinking that my set was only bad but these problems have arrived after showing to service center and keeping my phone there for atleast a month. Service Center is worst they do it and forget it. I don't know I think smart phones are not preferable below 10k if is it so then other model of different brands also would have shown same problem. it wont play hd videos with its normal player. It is usefull only for calling and using 3g services that solely depends on service provider. And does it really support all the multimedia format like wmv. One feature that I really like was Tethering either USB or hotspot, you can use internet in your laptops and pcs from your cell. Give it a try. and one more thing this all happened during warranty period only.
This phone is good it has quite good features 1. 4-inch TFT Capacitive Touch screen - WVGA, 800 x 480 Pixels 2. 1 GHz Scorpion Processor 3. 3G 4. Wi-Fi Enabled 5. Pinch to Zoom 6. GPS 7. Gravity Sensor 8. Shake To Next - Change the song by just shaking the phone left or right 9. Flip To Stop Ring – Flip the phone to turn it to silent while it rings 10. The phone has a Screen Guard 11. Dual Sim – Sim 1 supports 3G and 2G while sim 2 supports only 2G. 12. Internal Memory – about 180MB.  You can download quite a lot of apps from the play store. The main problem with this phone Ram and internal memory storage!! It hangs a lot when ever you open an app!! Sometimes i even can't call end a phone Final conclusion' I think you should go for Sony Xperia Tipo a bit expensive around 8k
there is no points of buying this phone! it is doesn't support any gud game or benchmark test. its camera is only 2mp. instead if u are looking for gud smartphone under 6k budget try Karbonn a15 it is way better than this so called smart phone. karbonn a15 has more ram and better camera than this phone. At last my advice-"DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE"
i had bought this phone 2 weeks backs, although the basic functions are ok, not much can be expected, i got this phone assuming it would be a good phone to play games and watch movies while travelling and returning from work, but i am totally disappointed, we cannot play popular games like angry birds, temple run, fruit salad, as the RAM of the phone is only 256Mb, you can just play basic games like solitaire, x and 0, etc, the other fact is that you cannot even play movies of any other format rather then mp4, you need to convert the files to mp4 to view videos or movies,
Good display. good pricing. Scorpion 1ghz rocks. Timely delivery. Excellent white black combination. Easy to use. This is a good phone. Micromax is a very good option as against Samsung's costly affair.
its a great phone at this price range.nothing much to explain.few lags here and there while screen shifting.gaming is smooth and ec.camera quality is good under great lighting.the touch quality is amazing.the android version should have been ICS4 ,as the gingrbrd is outdated
its better if you add some more bucks and go for something better....the touchscreen is quite responsive....display is nice...processor is average...apart from this the phone is a waste of money...starting from lag issues to overheating and aftersale service ,i don't know where to end...EVEN KARBONN IS BETTER....
Pros : WVGA Screen (800x480) resolution 1Ghz processor Dual Sim Wifi Gravity Sensor GPS Android 2.3 Cons: 2MP camera No front facing camera 256 Mb ram 130 MB user available memory Verdict: The new micromax A87 Ninja 4.0 is a simple and unique phone at the price of Rs 6099. It has a standard Qualcomm Scorpion S2 processor which runs at 1GHz. This is similar to the one present in Xperia Neo L. On the other hand, the screen is also the same size and resolution of the Neo L. Note for Newbies to android: If this is your first android device. Soch Mar, Kharidle.
The positives easily outnumber the negligible negatives by a huge margin. Negatives are only in the 'Memory' department. Has a low internal memory but it ain't a major issue as MisroSD is pretty affordable and does the job. Next negative is the 256MB RAM. BUT having said that, the Positives are endless and the list goes on. The most attractive feature is the Large Display. WiFi, GPS and Gravity Sensor are a welcome gesture at this price range! This is the best Android at this range. Go for it. Thumbs Up!
I buy this Mobile from a local brand store in my town 3 month before, this is a worst phone i ever purchased. RAM is not enough even for browsing, or opening facebook app - Most of the time apps will get hanged and ask to force close. Phone get over heated while using 3G data and making call. Battery backup was worst, get totally drain within 40-60 minutes after full charge.
I have been hearing that Micromax is the worst mobile company ever, but then I always go by my personal experience and do not mind loosing on some bucks. I bought Micromax Q3 some years back just as a backup phone and found it awesome (I am still using it with a battery backup of 30 hours easily). So, having the first experience as a good experience, I bought Ninja 4.0. Got the delivery today only so do not much to say about it. For now, it is working awesome.
Well i bought this phne yesterday and at the very moment i opened the box and saw the phne, my first reaction was like, 'WOW'..... seriously am i gonna use this..... well the phne is astonishingly beautiful. And u can't get anything better in this price. The only thing which troubles me is that i am facing problems in net usage. I have only downloaded a couple of apps on the mob. bt the phone has already used 220 mb in 3-4 hours and i don't know where the rest of data has got disappeared.
first of all dont buy this phone....... bad things 1) very low RAM 2) touch is not so good 3) call hanging 4) low internal memory 5) playstore hangs 6) can't play big size games ( good graphic games ) 7) no future updates 8) lots of unwanted vendor apps 9) battery backup no so good 10) sound quality not so good ( via ear phone ) 11) build quality is not so good good things 1) large screen 2) 3g works good 3) dual sim solution u need to root your mobile and remove unwanted vendor app, :)
Pros: 1. Stylish look 2. Good Screen display 3. Nice touch and slide effects 4. Worth for money Cons: 1. 128MB RAM only. Couldn't run many games and apps (Temple run) 2. Camera, recorder, music, etc cannot access internal memory. So, we cannot use camera, music without a SD card. 3. Internal memory is so less. So, need to install apps in SD card. 5. No LED flash for camera. Camera quality is fair. 6. Phone get heated on multitasking(like charging, downloading and playing games simultaneously) 7. SIM2 goes out-of-service when data is activated in SIM1(and vice-verse). 8. The phone hangs some times and, have to open the back cover and remove the battery to resolve it :(
Bought it in mid november, and i must say, it was worth.I see people mentioning the following cons- 1) During call,cant hear properly.-FALSE(or maybe very rare) 2)Touchscreen is not good- FALSE(absolutely) 3)camera 2mp- TRUE :( good if u dont care about the camera 4)doesnt support 3g- FALSE.(#G spped can go upto 5mbps on my phone.it depends on thesim card service) 5)LOW ram- TRUE.but...can overcome.i did and i can now play temple run and games like that smoothly.follow these steps- 1-root the phone-(google it,How to root micromax a87) 2-install busybox from playstore 3-install ramexpander app(for free in apkmania.com) 4-install chainfire3d 5-open cf3d,install drivers,open settings and check all fields 6-open ramexpander,create swap file of atleast 80mb(a file thats created on the mem card that will serve as ram memory) 7-done.play any game now. . . .only prper con-no LED for the menu home back buttons
1)cannot hear the persons voice whom we are talking to 2)14 mb ram free even when all applications are closed 3)most applications do not run 4)earphones do not work 5)Touch is horrible 6)touch do not work at all when usb is connected 7)1 sim slot not working 8)the ballance becoms zero in any sim even when internet is off 9)internet do not run Please make your decision weather to buy this phone or not.
You can play and download "Robbery Bobs" and any other big game on this phone and its just that you should know how to run them. If you have even a small bit of knowledge about Android you can go for this and its not gonna lag easily. Only con of a micromax phone is that camera is good only if you shoot steady poses.
pro... 1. good speed...1gh..proc 2.480*800 res. very bright 4 inch screen 3 game experience is very good...(superb).. 4.touch superb....(capacitive) con. 1. battery talktime is only 5 hrs...it remains only 2-2.5 hrs when i use 3g....(but now i m using power pack... 2. 3g speed is not so fast (7.2Mbps mention. ...but i get only 1 or 2 Mbps with vodafone or airtel 3g in jaipur) 3.some times when i restart my phone...it says that there is no sd card inserted.. 4. ram and internal storage is less(useing app2sd app...and now i m happy....) at last ....dude ...6000 me aur kya bache ki jaan loge kya....
I have used and compared three mobiles of micromax with other make. when i enlarge photographs of micromax mobile and other mobiles i found out the micromax's mobiles photograph hazy and discoloured, its photograph of greater megapixel doesnot even compare to lower resolution photograph taken from other mobiles. If this serious fault is not corrected very soon the selling of micromax mobile will be phased out of the market... why not the company personnel look into this serious matter to be or not to be... i suggest to customers please compare yourself before buying any micromax product..
It is a nice cel phone with 6k price can easily play games like angry brd,bowling,motogp flawlessly battery bck up is also gud . Very nice & gud lukg graphics available in decent colors 2g wrks well & depnds on the type of netwk using best speed with airtel camera quality is also decent & is nice fr the use of cel phone
Amazing mobile with its excellent touch screen and android at a very low price. I recommend this as the best cheapest android mobile to buy.!!! Use better earphones for good experience of hearing music. Overall it is good at 4 inch and at a price of RS6000...
The oly disadvantage in the mobile is RAM 256 MB. Multi Tasking is not possible at all .. and camera is good. battery is very good but bit reduces while browsing .. OS s very co operative. head phones is not tat good.
i am using this mobile for 3 month there is no problem..... 4 inch screen,screen clarity fantastic. touch sensitive is very nice... i used to ask this mobile prize to friends every one told more than 10k only...
I purchased this phone a month or two back from the mobile store's online store as the price was low over there.The phone seems pretty decent and the display of the the phone is just amazing.Now talking about the accessories i got with the phone.Normal charger & usb cables were present in the box as expected but the headphones were extremely bad with very very low and bad quality sound output.I think the headphones provided would merely cost 20 rs which are available to buy on the streets.So,I used samsung headphones with this device.Nokia headphones are perfectly compatible with this device but to use samsung u have to make little adjustment with the headphone on the headphone jack.Now,the major problem of this device is the ram.U can only play games which are under 20 mb.Though u can increase ram with a class 6 or class 10 sd card & an app named swapper.Apps are working good but don't try to install any high pressure app or any high pressure root app on this device as anything can to happen to ur device at that time.I rooted my phone & installed a software named "beats audio" on it.Everything went good and it asked me to restart.I confirmed the request but the phone didn't start at all.Actually it messed up my phone's os.The next day i went to micromax servicing centre.My luck was good as they didn't check my phone was rooted and they accepted the phone for sevicing.But it was a huge waite.They took 1 month to repair the phone.Actually i complained in delhi head office and then my phone got repaired.After that my phone is working good.Today,I suddenly saw on net the new micromax phone named A68 smarty 4.0 which is the upgraded version of micromax ninja 4.0 priced at rs 6500.I became extremely upset because i could have easily purchased it.The A68 comes with ips 4' wvga.Its OS is Ics.1 ghz procrssor.Ram Is 512 mb.Comes with gpu adrenalo 200.Light sensors,proximity sensors,gravity sensors.5 mp ff camera with 720 p hd recording at 30fps.Most hd games can be played on this device.So,In all respect smarty 4.0 is better than ninja 4.0.So,I would suggest u to buy mmx smarty 4.0.
I purchased this mobile last month ,but i am not happy with its ram it hangs many a times, other wise it is a super phone, you cant download more games from play..........................................................
I have recently bought this phone. Display is great. But ram kills the best of everything in the phone. Anyone trying to buy please first checkout karbonn a15. Same price but much higher specs than this phone. It has 512 mb ram with ics. Amazing product. Though its not available on flipkart, its easily available on other e commerce sites.
It's just six thousand rupees and it has gravity sensor, good camera, good gaming, good look, big 4 inch TFT touch screen, wifi, dual sim, android 2.3 OS, video recording, snap shot and many apps such as Facebook, Twitter, Google play, YouTube....etc......... You will even get weather report of all around the earth and it has an amazing 1 GHz scorpion processor and is user friendly with multi-touch. This makes it good phone and for just six thousand rupees.....!!!!!!!
HEY GUYS HAVENT U HEARD OF MICROMAX A68....... WHICH IS AVAILABLE AT FLIPKART ...... Y DO WANT TO WASTE UR 6K...FOR 2MP AND GINGER BREAD...... U LL GET ICE CREAM SANDWICH AND 5MP....FOR 6.5K....TATS A68..[BUT NO 3G] SO GUYS IM SUFFERING A LOT BUYING THIS PHONE.... ITS 2.3.5 AND 2MP WITH 120MB RAM IN WHICH 60-70 IS USED BY ANDROID VERSION,,,K, AND U GET LIKE 30-40 MB FREE OF RAM....., WORST PHONE EVER,,,,EVEN THE HEAD PHONES ARE AWFUL,,.,.,, SO GUYS DON THINK OF BUYING THIS GO FOR "A68"..... FLIPKART SHUD REMOVE A87 FROM THE LIST,,,,
because of its ram its ram is only 128 mb, and it slow down when we set a wiget or something, this point is such a let down for micromax !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but the touch is prity good and the sound quality is awesome. so if you dont like to play games then buy it now.
i have purchased this phone lot of bad things in this mobiles Battery is not Good Application is not running properly if application running then mobile is hang angry bird is not running camera is not good internal memory is not good ram is very low and any more.
Ya i purchased the mobile yesterday...I am Impressed with screen display....its so good..and it came with screen guard..and coming to the negatives 1.Low Ram...we cant load too many applications 2.Processor is slow 3.Ear speakers is not good 4,I am surprised Bluetooth is not working properly 5.Camera quality is Ok 6.Charging drags...very fast and finally wanna say Aisha A52 is much better than this mobile If u wanna have 4 inch screen display...and Android 2.3 u can have this...Otherwise u can go for Samsung, HTC..etc
SCREEN IS VERY IMPESSING, PROCESS IS VERY NICE JUST AT 5800/- BUT CALL AND MUSIC QUALITY IS ACTUALLY NOT GOOD OTHERWISE NO PROBLEM IN THISAT NOW BUY AT 5800 AND SELL IS ATLEAST 3000...WHAT'S BAD BECAUSE OF CALL AND MUSIC QUALLITY
i am using this micromax ninja 4.0 it is a good phone at such a price level resolution is best, camera is also good, 3G n wifi is also good. but the ram of this phone is less so some times a high graphic game is not work properly like highway rider n temple run... .. . i suggesting you to buy this phone is your are not a gamer...
I bought one of this..I always prefer brand..bt just this time I believed in MMX. 1month later its feel like hell! RAM is too low,,..I mean toooo low!and for tht ,processing is slow! I wont recommend it for a android lover,
Well sincerely , this is average+ phone . But because of its price bracket its overgoes any issues that i have seen in usage . Well one thing , i found annoying is that by far the RAM is the limiting factor on Ninja series and this phone is no exception. This has a QC chip set but yet 256 Mb RAM is less to support this processing power . I see hardly
THE PHONE IS BULLSHIT,THE BATTERY DOSENT CHARGE TO FULL LEVEL IT STOPS AT 60-70 %. THE CELLPHONE HANGS A LOT AND AFTER RUNNING GAMES IT GETS HEATED UP LIKE SHIT.AND SUMTYMZ AUTOMATICALLY SHUTS DOWN. I PURCHASED A HANDSET AND I GOT A DOA THE NEXT DAY DUE TO DEFECT AND THE HANDSET WAS REPLACED BUT THE REPLACED HANDSET ALSO HAS THE SAME DEFECT + SOME ADDED DEFECT BENEFITS. AT THE SERVICE CENTRE THERE WERE MORE THAN 5 NINJA 4.0 AT THE SAME TIME I REACHED WITH MULTIPLE WEIRD FLAWS. THIS HANDSET IS A MUST NOT RECOMMENDED INSPITE F CHEAP N MIND CATCHNG FEATURES. TRY UR LUCK.
I Got the A87 fro flipkart and like to impart the following reviews but what ever it is its worthier for 6K Adv... 1 Ghz Processor which support almost all android aplications Large Screen with excellent resolution. Excellent white back cover 3G & WiFi Hotspot options.. Disadv.. Poor RAM, you cannot install temple run.. Camera is only 2 MP Battery life is not good
Waha,... Flip kart ... your service is exactly what we expected... nothing to tell... thank u/... About the product... its really value for money... Features are exciting... Negatives I found is : Very Low Video Recording Volume.. Then Clarity that we dont expect more.. That much. Those who want to do gaming ;, its not a good choice.. Any way the other features are awesome... i like it.
i have purchased it a month back.... battery is draining out like anything, everyday you have to charge it. though it looks good but it has a lot of internal problems. touch is ok but the phone hangs when you use some application.
this is the best phone within 6k. though it has some negative points but in this price list the phone is really good.......................................................................................................................deeps
i got this product. it works nice until u don't install any extra apps.. if u go on installing apps, then it will slow down as it is of 256mb RAM.. all works good for 6000... the 4 inch display and touch response is very good. music is ok. cam is also ok.
awesome screen and resolution , great build quality , decent speakers , super looks .. but worst thing is ram actual is only and only 50 MB user available , definitly not for gaming lovers , but superb for video and small applications..
Brought this mobile a month back for my friend, and this mobile is just above awesome. If any one looking a good looking 4" Android device around 5K then this should be your choice. Pros: 1. Superb 4" LCD display with g8 brightness. 2. Nice looks. Good enough battery backup. 3. Cheap when compared to other 4" display devices. Cons: 1. Shows only ~130MB RAM for apps, which is far less and makes the phone operation miserable with any background running services. 2. Internal memory is also less. These two cons can be covered using a high speed micro SD memory. I put a class-6 micro-sd card which changed the mobile speed a lot. 3. Cannot run games like Temple Run. Can't even start the game. My final word is, if any one not a power user just looking for a fabulous Android device around 5K should definitely consider this mobile.
i bought it for 6k. Android, 4inch screen, good resolution, 3g, a modest cam, maps, navigator, facebook,gmail, google search. Thats all i expect on a phone. So this phone aptly suits my needs. What else can we expect on a phone for 6k. If you want some thing more then fora tab.
I am using the phone since two weeks now.. Some of the Observations I came across.. I will mention Bad first.. Some Resets while connecting to Computer, Small Ram..Which leads to close big apps automatically like Live wallpapers,Maps,etc. Last con is Accessories are Unavailable! and of course Good are..Amazing Screen,good response to touch,and all apps which I installed are Running good i.e. Instagram ,M-indicator,Whats app etc. Messaging is fun and browsing is good. You will love this device If You will consider the Price 6k, Kindly dont compare to Samsung Ace/S or S-2..just bcz It is a look alike :D Over All I am happy User. I wil Rate It as 4/5
For 6K, this is worth.. Now its been more than a month and it works without a problem. If you want to play more games and run applications which consume more RAM then this is not good choice. I am using for my e-mail checking of multiple accounts, social networking and works nice. Speed also good.
Good for Screen size,(Makes it look like a 20k+ phone) Processor, Touch, 3G 1st SIM 2G 2nd SIM Bad for Battery, Internal memory, Camera Android Version But at this price its the best Think twice if you need for gaming and heavy apps. We should root it to Android ICS 4.0 or newer after waranty is over.
Got delivery of phone on 10th October.Gifted to my daughter on 12th.on her birthday.Phone started giving problem on 15th.morning.Imagine a father's plight.I wonder if Micromax can do something special.Since giving rating is mandatory and I do not know how to give zero rating I am forced to give one star rating.
Mobile looked good overall Pros: 1. Micromax really worked upon a good display here 2. Touch is smooth 3. Body looks robust 4. Standard Mini USB Port for power charging and data cable Cons 1. Camera is handy yet hazy in lesser light (can't expect much out of 2MP camera) 2. The plastic back is a bit too slippery in hand (looks to be inspired by Funbook back) 3. 1400 mAH battery, is a bit tad less for a 4.0 inch screen 4. Touch sensitivity at the edges of the screen is less, may affect gaming
I THOUGHT MICROMAX ARE JUST A LOCAL BRAND WHO DOES A CHEAP PHONES. BUT A REALLY BIG BUT IS MICROMAX PHONES ARE WORTH IT. THIS MOBILE HAS IT ALL AND I AM IMPRESSED WITH THE FEATURES AND THE LOOK WHICH IS AWESOME........JUST SEE IT AND TRY IT. I JUST BOUGHT IT THRU ON-LINE AND HOPE TO GET IT IN DAYS. I ACTUALLY MY FRIEND WHO BOUGHT THIS HAVE SHOWN ME AND I SEEN HIM HAPPY AND REALLY SATISFIED WHICH MADE TO TO BUY IT. AT 6K ITS JUST DOUBLE OK..... CHEERS SHIVA KUMAR
Micromax are selling back to back entry level smart phones..... this one of the value for money product by micromax....... pros... 4.0 tft lcd screen 480*800 resolution 1 giga hertz processor music is ok... SCREEN PROTECTOR(WHICH U LL GET IT INSIDE BOX) MAJOR CON...!!! IT SHOWS TAT IT HAS AN INTERNAL MEMORY OF 256MB.... BUT IN REALITY ITS ONLY 121MB....TATS TATS AWFUL.... CAMERA QUALITY IS ALSO AVERAGE... SO IF ITS UR FIRST ANDROID PHONE THEN GO FOR IT....!!!!
The looks and touchscreen is amazing however the RAM and internal memory is very low. i am using if for around 2 weeks now. phone freezes when trying to open multiple apps. volume on headphones and calls without headphone is quite low. there are other headphones avbl in market that can give better output.
Letme begin from- phone with all these specs in just 6K is the best of best deal , dont think just buy this one, you will never regret if u have never used any android phone. Awesome phone must buy it if you have not used any android before. I am not going to tell you about good things as most of them are good, dont think twice just buy this phone and use it, once u r used to of Android or smart phone, throw it and buy a new expensive phone, this is the best choice you have in this price range. Bad things: > 256 MB RAM, out of which hardly 50 MB ram is available for use, you can not install lot of apps at once. > Camera- I will say there is no camera :) 2 MP simplest camera, just for name sake, but u dont buy an android phone to take pics :) > No internal memory, so u have to xfer installed apps into SD card regularly or install App 2 SD kinda app to do it for you. > Apps which are more than 10 MB in size do not work at all on this phone because of very limited RAM size, I always wanted to play Temple run but it does not work on this phone. > Screen touch is good in begining but it will be like normal screen after 1 month of use. > Internet on WI-FI is awesome, i browse on 4 Mbps downloading speed on this phone. Last but not the least, Service is very very poor from Micromax side, They are never reachable, but thats what you can expect from an indian brand. I will give 6 out of 5 star to flipkart, they are vry good in customer satisfaction, before the time delievery and very good after sale response.
Dear All, This Phone Is excellent, To Buy, To Play (Except Heavy Loaded games), To Chat, To Watch Video & Live TV & Much Much More. Well Budgeted, Fully Loaded (Except Ram 256 MB & NO Front Camere) The Phone Is really Nice to Buy, For all Mostly Purposes. Go for It Guys & Feel a 66 KV Shock Given by Miromax to all Branded Phones. Come Onnnnnn Let It Be!!!!
I bought this mobile and was delivered in 3 days. I received black color and white panel at the back. I feel it would be better to buy a mobile with ICS. Please note that the next version, Jelly bean too is released now. This mobile comes with Gingerbread version. It an be used for the next one year or two. after that it'll considered as outdated one. As usual when you install more apps it gets hanged and every time need to switch off and on the mobile. When you connect to internet, better last for 4 hours. otherwise, 18 hours a day. Whereever, you buy this mobile comes with same issue. But it's better to buy from Flipkart.
I have just buy Micromax A87 phone. Its very bad experienced from first day of purchase. phone hang frequently even though i have not install any single app.U will get only huge screen nothing else.So don't waste your money.
hi friends: if you want to waste your money then buy it.i have bought it from flipkart but i have seen that it is a very very bad phone which is wasting a money due to: it hangs 4-5 times in a day it gets silent automatically even we can not change the profile when it happens we will have to switch off the phone and switch on it. any games does not work properly approximately in 2-3 mint it is lagging and gets stop. the sound quality is very bad. when we rotate it to watch videos it hangs. only good thing is that it has bigger screen. i would not like to say it an android smart phone. please do not buy this product. my rate on this device is nothing
ram is very less and sometime mobile hang happen.90%ram use by micro max own non important software or application.also sound quality is very bad.There is no os update option. ram is very less and sometime mobile hang happen.90%ram use by micro max own non important software or application.also sound quality is very bad.There is no os update option.
Ninja 4.0 is perfect for music lovers , it even has dual sim n android 2.3.5 .. Camera is gud , 3G is gr8 ,, The main prob is the ram ,, which is 256 .. thr is no secondary camera , no AISHA , purchased the phone at 6160 from local market with 8GB class 6 memory card n new set of hearphones .. Touch screen is a bit poor, hey but its the best deal at 6k ..
Such price its awesome mobile. every thing is really very good. this mobile can beat samsung and any other smart phone. speed is good display is good. android experience is great, awesome 3g speed. touch capacity is great. i am very happy to purchase micromax A87 mobile.
Hi, i have brought this phone.i has got nice display good screen size. you will have to compromise with camera and headphone. As ram is only 256 mb so its tough to play games like temple run.................................
Hey guys it does not support many games and app it has only 132 approx ram and 131mb internal memory but you can move app or game to sdcard and sometimes it is laging when you open a large page of any websites and playing a hd games. There is one thing is good that it has superb screen quality
1ghz processor is not used if you have 180 mb internal memory .. coz we cant have high end games...
Looks/performance/touch - all are awesome !! For gamers, it may disappoint you since most of the Hi-gfx games crash due to low RAM(256mb, out of which only 129 is available). Some might say that no games work on it, but I have tried few games and they have worked smoothly. Here is t he list of games that i have tried so far: Racing Moto Ninja Fruit Ninja Jump Cricket T20 fever 3D Pros: - Huge screen size (4inch) - Capacitive touch - 1Ghz processor - Allows default storage to be set as SD card (while most of the Android phones do not have this feature) Cons: - 2mp camera (not suited for 4 inch screen) - Low RAM (256mb) - Speaker (has been provided at the back of the phone. So if you keep it on a soft base, like bed or sofa, you won't be able to hear the phone ringing.) So to summarize, this piece is way too good for its price range.
why would u give 1100 bucks more just to have 0.5 inch larger screen.. i think micromax a57 is a better choice with same features almost.. and guys i must say micromax is getting more and more competitive everyday.. and i personally think buying micromax a57 rather than nokia aisha and samsung's galaxy y is a wiser decision.. jus go for a57 its far too better...
specification at flipkart shows 256mb RAM, but physically it has less than 128 MB RAM. applications crashes always when totalram is consumed often.gaming experience is zero. it cant even play angry bird, any car racing game. useless apps like hookup and Mstore are there which consumes ram omly and u cant uninstal them. phone hangs up during incoming call and during using conferencing call facility. The only good thing about this phone is its display and screen. icant understand why such a small ram is used in this phone. even Micromax lower nija versions plays game like Angry bird.
THIS PHONE SUCKS, I REALLY TELL U THAT I HAVE USED THIS PHONE FOR 3 DAYS AND MY EXPERIANCE IS HORRIBLE 1) GAME ABOVE 10 MB IS CRASHED EVERY TIME I START IT. 2) WHEN I WACTHING VIDEOS IN MX PLAYER PLAYER DOSENT RESPONT SMOOTHLY. 3) EVEN AVI. FORMAT VIDEOS ARE LAGGING . I SOLD IT IN RS. 5800.00 I HAVE MICROMAX A45 AND PERFORMANCE OF A45 IS BETTER THAN A87
worst phone i have ever used it looks nice its screen is nice but does not do any thing what it say you have to go at your roof for gps. 3g does not work wifi hot spot is not working. thus why we should go 4 "Y" yes galaxy y or if u can afford go 4 sony xperia tipo dual sim. dont waste your 6000 rs if you like its big screen add some money and can buy a 21" LED TV. or before purchasing please check for service center is nearer to you or not. i lucky in this case tomarrow i will go again for third time at the 4th day of my purchase. GOOD FOR COMPARISION WITH STAR III DOUS. THANKS
