MOBDJ4ZNC7PTMG68
There is the BIG question. 620 or 520? Let's see what you get by investing 3.5k more:- #Nokia Clear Black Screen ie, Extra Bright Screen to be readable Under sun, and with deep black, it gives better experience. #Front Facing VGA camera for Video calling needs #LED flash #Magnetometer (compass) sensor to use apps like Here Maps, Here City Lens, ets which uses compass to fing your location, and its really necessary if you gonna use Maps a lot. #Extra Loud Speaker #Secondary HAAC mic for noise cancellation while Calling, voice&video recording, Music playback. #Dolby Headphones Enhancements to give theater like feel while listening music on headphones. #Equalizer with 19 presets like Rock, pop, classical, bass etc. #Smaller screen with same resolution, that means denser ppi, and more clear and crisp screen. (If you want bigger screen, 520 is not that bad either in terms of ppi, but Lack of Clear Black is surely missed) #Toughned Glass with protection from scratches. (520 has just scratch proof layer, not that tough glass) #NFC, to use tap and share, tap and play, NFC tags, etc. #Though Battery is smaller in 620, but due to smaller screen, Clear black display and NO super sensitive touch, both will give almost similar backup. #Longer Nokia Music Unlimited Subscription. #An option to increase 620's durability by installing a Water-proof, dust proof back cover. Its not available for 520. That's surely worth the 3.5k bucks. If you are looking for a phone, which you gonna use for long term, then you should better buy 620, or if your pocket permits, then 720. I feel 520 is for those who changes phone every now and then, and for those who have Budget of 12k dot. So, I have said more than enough. Hopefully, you Liked my openion. Hint me by giving it a like. Having question regarding windows phone os/ this phone? you can ask directly to Nokia on twitter @NokiaHelps, they really give instant help. or ask me. (This was in addition to my original review~Ayush Mathur)
I've pre ordered this phone and have been using this for last 3 days. Been using a lot of android phones till now and was bored of waiting for even call log to appear on them. Pros : - · Thinner than expected and feels good in hands · Camera does a good job, a lot of innovative lenses to choose from. · Silky smooth UI which never hangs · Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on · Games never hang or lag · Offline maps with Nokia Here works smoothly (Still Google maps are better) · Nokia music lets you download all latest and old songs direct to the phone. Even regional language songs. · Full MS office suit. · Build quality is awesome with a mat finish on its back which gives a firm grip. Cons:- · Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present. · No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation. For the price, this phone is too good to resist. It has got everything to win your heart. The colours on the screen appears very sharp and real. I really cant think of any other phone which can give you these features even above 15k. For those who are still thinking about the apps, one quick info - only Microsoft and Apple checks every apps before its put In the marketplace. Android has lots of apps, but most of them are buggy, they either drain out your battery or consume all the resources which results in poor performance. Every app in windows store is verified for its quality and you can be sure, it wont slow down your phone. In android if you install a few apps, the phone will start slowing down. But I tried around 30 apps installed in windows. No slowing down was noticed. I believe we should be looking at the quality of apps than the quantity. Go ahead, buy this phone, you wont regret :)
Last 2 years I have used 2 models of Samsung Galaxy and from 14th April 2013 I am using Nokia Lumia 520 Win 8 Phone: ================= Pos: 1) Price – In 10-10.5 K Range 2) Screen size – 4 Inch. Can be readable in sunlight. 3) Camera – Panorama, Smile Shoot etc. 4) HD Video Capture 5) Battery Life – 2 Days with WIFI enabled. Due to unavailability of Airtel 3G service in Kolkata unable to try with 3G. 6) Looks – Nice look & square shape 7) Internal Storage – 8 GB Internal (SD card up to 64 GB). My last Galaxy ACE provided only few MBs and I was facing insufficient storage issue. Also, mounts SD cards very fast. 8) Hardware & Build – Excellent with nice mat finished back cover. 9) E-mail – Tried only Outlook & Gmail and found excellent usability compared to available Android apps. Although it supports almost all types of mails. 10) App store – All most all daily used apps are available in free. 11) Bluetooth – Perfectly works with other devices. I have transferred all my existing contracts from my old Galaxy phone through Bluetooth &preinstalled ‘Transfer My Data’ app. 12) Nice Security – Prevent mishandling like deleting system file. ================= Cons: 1) No font camera – I don’t use this feature too much. 2) No file manager in phone – But you can connect the phone to any Win7/Win8 machine and use your explorer to manage files. 3) No FM Radio ================= Tips for new user: 1) Transfer Contacts which are stored in your old phone: Use Bluetooth & pre installed ‘Transfer My Data’ app. 2) Edit Phone Contacts: Save the contacts in Microsoft Account and log in to your Microsoft account to edit & manage them. 3) Arrange & Manage MP3/Music files: Manage the MP3 using external desktop app like MediaMonkey and copy to phone using windows explorer.
Dear Friends, I have read almost all the reviews on Flipkart about Nokia Lumia series and i have found that some folks have put hate reviews out of their hatred for Microsoft or WP. However, there are 99% positive reviews regarding Nokia Lumia WP8 devices. I would like to congratulate all those people who have shown thier love and trust in Nokia devices. I am a android user currently (HTC 2.3 GingerBread model) and recently gifted my wife Nokia Lumia 520(Red color) device as she loved the design and lively colors of Lumia as well as WP8 Interface.After spending the past 5-6 days on NL 520, I am in love with WP8 and Lumia series, so moved with the total experience,plan to buy NL 920. I liked Android but here's the difference: 1) The design and body language of Lumia and WP says "WoW, Joy, Happiness etc whereas the design and body language of android devices says "BORING". 2) Android feels like Linux of yester-years which is too geeky and WP feels like Windows Xp or 7 or 8 or in simple terms fun in doing things/ enjoyable. 3) WP store has quality apps which you would actually use in day to day life whereas Android is full of crappy, ad-based apps which not only irritate but u would simply uninstall after single use. 4) Nokia means Durability, Service, Trust etc whereas Samsung(and other android manufacturers) means Big Plastic Phones, Non-Durable, Million dollar ads induced popularity, Ugly After-Sales service etc. 5) The Lumia series (520-6120-720-820-920) is something to standout of a crowd of all sort of 5-inch android devices (Whammy , Note, Canvas, Xolo, Desire, Optimus, Karbonn Smart etc) 6) The basic things like call quality, photography, Net surfing (including social networking), Gaming and neat apps are gorgeous in WP and Lumia so plz dont be confused and inspired by sheer number of apps or feeatures which you cant use. I would recommend, NL920 to anyone without a budget constraint, NL820 for budget >20K but 15K but 11K but
Dear friends I am using this mobile from 4 days.this is one of the best thing in my life which I have purchased.I got this mobile one of the best mobile seller Flipkart. If you want to buy any mobile than don't think any other choice.no can be better than lumia 520 in 10k to 14k.go and take a great satisfaction in your Life.every cons is just a humor. camera qualities are best videos are in great qualities. internet speed is superb.phone speed is superb. I was Android user since last 3yrs but now I can say there is no any comparison between these two OS.windows 8 is the better than android in qualities.welcome Windows 8 bye bye Android.. :)
Fellow Flipkarters..!! What I wanna say is that, I observed most of the reviews are not actually "reviews". Don't know why people write everything that comes to their mind. Art of reviewing or being a critic needs some skills to look into things profoundly. I here by wanna list some lines that fellow reviewers wrote in their reviews which were actually funny in a way. # "There is no secondary camera in this phone" - C'mon guys.. It's like you went to a bollywood movie and saying that Brad Pitt is missing in this movie. This is bottom version of windows8. # "Pictures taken at low light are not crisp" - It's clearly stated that there is no LED flash for camera. Still I donno which moron tries to take pics in dull light with this budget phone. # "Temple Run doesn't work smooth" - You are on city roads and you want to hit your top speed?? Get onto an highway bro.. Keep in mind that u paid only 10 grand (July2013)for this phone. Criticism is not a Kids play. Better concentrate on defects in what you got rather than complaining what is missing. Or if you think that there is a better option than this phone within the price range, then name it and compare it. ThankYou. ................................... "UPDATE AFTER 1.5 YEARS USAGE" .......................................... Bottom Line - Windows is Upgrading Day by Day I have installed 8.1 (Developer's preview) and now I'm quite happy when I compare it with other android devices out there!.. Waiting for Win10 update...Yoohooo! > Notification bar and many other settings have been added and they are of great use. > Phone till date never faced any lag while performing usual activities. > There is not much of a heating problem. But I felt bit of a temperature while gaming with wifi ON. , but not at the level of complaining. > Battery life is decent. With mobile data pack ON the whole time, It easily lasts for 6-8 hrs on moderate usage. On Cons side: > The Facebook app on windows phone is dead slow while compared to android phone (I prefer FBing in Internet Explorer) > Facing problems with proximity sensor > Call gets stuck sometimes when I try to pick it(need to off the screen and ON it again) > Voice reception is not great but OkOk > In a long run, Windows feels boring.. It has just Apps.. No widgets/wide range themes and graphics. (It depends on personal preferences though) FALL from Moving Car Window: Nokia is just unbreakable. Hence prooved. Not even a scratch on the screen. Just the outer shell and battery came off. I put them back. TADAAAHH.. It's back to awesomeness.. Nokia is even a life saver.. don't believe in me?.. Just Google "Bulletproof Nokia lumia 520 save the life of a police officer".. and read the news. PS: I've dropped this mobile a minimum of 200+ times so far.. and almost all from the height of 4+ feet (from hand). They couldn't even leave a stray mark on it (screen). PSS: Before placing an order check its price. I've observed wide price fluctuations on flipkart ranging from 5999 to 8999 on same product.
I was thinking to purchase an Android phone. However, This phone came to market and I saw its review and I changed my mind to get windows phone. This is the best windows 8 phone in the price segment of 10k. I don't see 10lakhs apps that we see for android. But, who uses 10 lakh apps. I find some useful stuff such as email-client, ms-office, skype, games like angree-bird etc. This phone is trendy as well as useful for day-to-day work. Its user-interface is really nice. you dont need to be computer geek to operate this phone. I must appreciate the service from flipkart.. They have delivered the phone in less than 24 hours.. great work guys!!! 5 starts to product and 1 extra star for flipkart's service
I am in serious dilemma about the profit margin Nokia has kept to put themselves back on track in Cell Phone Business. Due to the totally fragmented market of cell phones (as far as India is concerned) customers like us are somehow getting benefited. I personally use a HTC One X and had ordered Lumia 520 for one of my family member. Have to admit, if this product would have been sold by HTC or Samsung, it would've cost atleast 2 to 3K more. Hope Lumia 520 sets the trend of providing value for money products without compromising the robustness of quality. Cell phones from other Local brands with very good specs are also available but trust me, being working in a technical organisation, i will anyday not recommend to buy a local brand product as the thought-process and validation tests under which these products go through are not even closer to those of a brand like Nokia, HTC or even Samsung. Lumia 520 has a small hitch of small battery life (but itne paise mein itna hi milega). The BL-4J battery is good enough for the day in normal use.. but with 3G and Wi-Fi continuously running it drains out quite easily. Nevertheless Nokia has a range of bigger capacity batteries with same foot-prints so you can chose your pick. Lumia 620 will be seriously canibalised by Lumia 520 and for sure the Nokia team by now must have chalked out the plan to phase it out. I am not going into the deatils of spec as it can be easliy checked with the beautiful tool of "Compare" Flipkart has carved out. Surely will recommend this Phone to everyone who are hovering around this price range. It is a must buy as the fact remains "itne paise mein isse zyada nahi milega".
Nokia Phone with WINDOWS PHONE 8 (NOT SEVEN!!!), at ONLY 10499! Do I need to say more? I used this device at Nokia Care in my city. This is an amazing phone. It will change the definition of Budget Phones. I mean, its hard to believe that a Windows Phone EIGHT! device is availble for just 10k! It has same processing hardware as in Nokia Lumia 720 which is expected to be priced 10k more than this. Dual core processor, dedicated GPU, 4 inch IPS LCD Screen, Sleek Looks, Super sensitive touch, Expandable memory, 5MP Auto Focus Camera, 720p Video Recording are just a few Highlights of this phone. Though 512 MB RAM is low, but you can't ask more at this price point. This is just like Nokia has listened to us and made a Phone just for INDIANS To add, they have given all Nokia exclusive features like HERE Map, drive, transit; Cinemagraph, Smartshoot, Panorama lenses; Nokia Music with free music download for 3 months, & not to forget those 3G Data packs by operators. Talking about design, one can easily say that its the best looking phone out there not only in its price range but also in the range till Lumia 720. The sleek look, bright funky colors, rectangular design, can easily make anyone say "awww so cute, I want it...!!!" Nokia has also given an option to exchange shells. So you can buy an extra shell of any color. It is specially useful for those who want a colourful phone but office standards restricts them. Buy a black/white one extra and your problem is solved. Talking about Performance, as said earlier, it has same processor and chipset as of its elder bros, so there is not a single point of compromise here. It will respond faster, will not lag (though heavy task is of-course restricted on it and on 620,720 too & by heavy task I mean playing memory hungry games/apps), has enough internal memory (8GB!) to accommodate all your apps, games and offline maps. so there is definitely a huge improvement to the Lumia 510, which was badly criticised due to its low memory. Nokia has learned! But still, that phone was bestseller, I wonder what this phone will do? It has Office 365, email and linkedin integration. So if you are a hard working guy, it will help you to do your job smartly, without even hurting your pocket. If you want a phone for your social needs, then don't look for any other phone. Windows Phones are best in this category as they have Facebook, Twitter,skype integration, and a lot of IM apps to keep you connected. People Hub, merges your contacts from FB, Twitter, Linkedin and show all of their latest updates on single tile (if you wish to). Ah, I know Facebook has launched so called Facebook Home (actually its an Android Launcher for all android devices), which brings facebook integration to android phone, but believe me, its nothing different from windows phone integration. Moreover, it will create problems in laggy androids, can't say if it will run on budget devices too. High End Gamers, Ignore it. Enough said. Casual Gamers, it has collection of games till Ashphalt 7 Heat. Temple Run is not yet available, but its said that lower version coming. By the time you can play games like Angry birds (all), xboxlive games (Yahtzee, Skulls of the shogun, AlphaJax, Wordament, Monopoly, NFS undercover, shift, etc) and beside that, there are many more non xboxlive games like from gameloft (Amazing Spiderman, Real soccer, Dark Knight, etc) and from other famous developers. Music addicts, go for it. It has nice music player. Nokia Music service provided by nokia completes multimedia needs. No need of any other apps. It allows free music download (free for 3 months, afterward, subscription can be extended by giving nominal charges), Mix radio plays random music of your choice, lyrics are shown with just a tap. Sound is very nice. Though it lacks Dolby enhancements, but still the plain music sounds too good. The high bass levels do not distort if Good quality headphones are used, which is not the case with other competitive phones, & rest assured, you will feel the beat. Video playback is good. Almost all standard formats are supported, but yeh, formats like mkv, which are quite famous on torrent are not supported. Youtube videos plays like water flow, conditioned you are using 3g data pack/high speed wifi network. 2G can't handle smooth play, but pre downloading is smooth in 2g speed. Apps are available to download youtube videos. Photography on this phone is average. Its 5MP camera is good. Performs well against similar rivals. But one thing you will surely like about the camera is its capability to record 720p HD videos at 30fps. That's the thing which no phone provide till now under 11k price range (of-course I am not considering non branded/cheap brand phones). So from my side, its a big thumbs up but Lumia 620 is much better option. Look for another review of Difference between L520 & L620.
My phone has conked out within 2 months of buying. It arrived with few preloaded applications missing to it. At Flipkart's behest, I took it to Nokia Care and get it fixed for the first time but it continued to keep giving up on me. Eventually, it turned off for eternity. With Flipkart's warranty expired, I am struggling with miserable Nokia Care, who refuses to take onus and replace the set. I have finally started paying heed to notions such as Flipkart is partly sourcing phones from grey market (such as Gaffar Market in Delhi) in order to cope up with the demand and in the process, scarring the customer credibility beyond repair. Only with deepest regret, I am writing this review as I use to consider myself as one of the most satisfied patron of both the companies, Flipkart and Nokia. I sincerely wish someone is listening...
I was a bit hesitant to go for Nokia again but after buying this product I am completely satisfied. It is totally a different interface which was my primary need because I was fed up of seeing Android in everyone's hand. The Windows Phone 8 Operating System is Simple and, good looking and fast making it worth of it's price. Although I never use IE in laptop these days but in Lumia 520 it's performance is great. You will never need any other browser. Microsoft Office comes preinstalled with it and for pdf you will need to download an easily available app (it will automatically suggest while you try opening pdf for the first time). The battery backup is good, same as it would have been in it's android counterpart. The screen is highly touch sensitive, the phone is sleek, and the sound system is also good. If you are one of those who load their phone with lots of (unnecessary) applications then this is not the phone for you. Windows applications are there but they are limited but those which are available are good and worth installing. All social networking apps are there. Also you can configure any mail account in your mail and the way it manages those account is really good. The only thing I miss in this phone is the Camera Flash. But The Phone is a must buy for those who are fed up of Android and believe in keeping there phone SIMPLE YET AWESOME.
Dear Abdul, I AM ALSO USING THIS PHONE SINCE LAST TWO MONTHS AND i HAVE ANS FOR YOUR QUERIES:- cHECK THE BELOW MENTIONED POINTS:- >1. No FM radio...!!! ----All Windows 8 don't have FM EVEN, 620, 720 which are more costly than 520, and I think you were already aware of this , if not so I suggest you to pls do complete R&D before buying a phone so that you can't put blame on its manufacturer. >Couldn't connect to WiFi in my office---It may be a exception, bcz I am also using wifi in my office with 2g data, and sometime I use some other wifi ntwrk perfectly , So go to Nokia Care for this. > For RingTone:- U can use "Ring tone maker app" to make any song as your ringtone, this app is free in window store. >Cannot transfer a song from windows phone to another phone using Bluetooth:- We can transfer but make sure we have to switch on the BT first, and we can share only one song at a time. >5. No seperate volume settings for various purposes.--YEs I am totally Agree with you, there should be separate vol control KEy for every functions, But I hope Windows will fix this in next few updates. >Inefficient Nokia Maps and here drive:- I think you haven't download updated maps , download them first and then try, > ABOUT THE WINDOWS STORE:- I want to tell you that all the useful apps are available in the store, But if you still want to install everything (crap) so dfenately go for "Google play store". oNLY THE WINDOWS AND APPLE HAVE CERTIFIED APPS FOR THERE PHONES , BECAUSE THEY KNOW HOW MUCH YOUR PHONE CAN BEAR. And usually we don't use any app more permanently more than 15 days if its not so useful. But yes you are right need some improvement here. REst for Lumia 520 This phone has already beated all other company's phone in this price range, if you hav'nt try so, go for gsmarena and compare with Galaxy S duos, This is best phone Ever in 10 K Range I hope your issues are clear now.
Hi Friends!!..Am using this phone for over two weeks now. I'll not go in the specification details.. rather, would share my views to help out friends who are considering to buy this product. 1. The screen is good in color reproduction and viewing angle is also decent. However, I find it very reflective. The sunlight readability is so so... You can turn on the "touch sensitivity" to "high" if you wanna operate with it with gloves. The touch response is also good in "normal" mode. 2. The home screen is refreshing with live tiles...It can help you to come out of the monotonous iPhone(I am also an iPhone user)/Android interface. You can add/delete/re size(only 3 predefined sizes are allowed)the home screen tiles. Facebook chat is integrated in messages. 3. You can customize lock screen for notifications and select an app (calender, Google mail,messaging,outlook,phone) to show details status in locked screen. You can also set password to unlock screen. 4. You can access a lot of apps/games from the store(less compared to iOS/Android) using your Nokia account. Since this model has a 512 MB RAM, so only apps/games supporting 512 MB would show up for you to download and use. If you are planning to take advantage of the whole set of applications, better go for a 1GB RAM version (Lumia 820/920). Most of the good games and applications are paid :( 5. The "find my phone" feature works well where you can ring,lock,erase data in your phone remotely through internet if it is misplaced. The locate functionality (where you can track your phone on map) DOES NOT work in India now....Its unfortunate but true. You access your phone by logging into windowsphone.com with your ID. 6. From the total 8GB internal storage, 7.1 GB is showing up to me in which 1.9 GB is used by the system. So, you have around 5 GB of free space at your disposal. You can extend another 64 GB by adding micro SD card. I have added a SanDisk 32 GB Ultra micro SDHC class 10 card and it supported it without any problem. You have the option to store photos, videos and music in the SD card. Other things are defaulted to be stored in phone memory. 7. The connectivity features WiFi, 3G, EDGE works great. I was also able to connect to my laptop via Bluetooth without any problem. You can connect the phone via the USB (supplied cable is very short...no idea how much Nokia profited by keeping cable length so short :)) to PC. I use a windows 7 PC and there was no problem. The phone would show up like any other USB device. However you dont have the entire access to your phone by this. You can also download the 'WindowsPhone" suite to transfer files between PC and phone. This can be configured to sync music/photo from itunes also. 8. The 1430 mAh battery may sound weak (considering other Android smartphones)but it easily lasts for a day with average use. No need to worry about battery...the ~2000 mAh battery Android phones also needs everyday charging. 9. The performance is very good. The phone didnt show any lag whatsoever until now. The Windows 8 OS in phone is optimized and 512 MB RAM is more than enough for normal use. For Guys who wants a little more gaming, 1GB RAM version is there. However, if you are serious smartphone gamer, go for higher end Android smartphones. Many games are not available in Windows store. 10. The sound quality during call is clear. The speaker is decent enough but is located at back. So the sound might not be loud if you keep it on bed, sofa etc. (However, this is the case for most of the phones...) 11. The camera quality is average. It has no flash. Like most smartphones in this price range, it captures good pic if the lighting condition is excellent. You can add features like BLINK, smart shoot, panorama etc under what is called as "lenses". The low light photo is extremely grainy (no flash). However, expecting good low light performance in this price range is a little too much :) Just when I was beginning to believe that this is almost a flawless phone, I found that there is no way to turn off the orientation sensor in settings in Windows 8. Some 3rd party apps ( I am not aware of) may help but wondering why this basic feature of orientation lock is missing...(May be they deliberately want to keep some flaws to fix in next release!!) Trust me guys, its very annoying to find that screen rotates automatically when you lie on bed and type a message, or do something...and you have no way to stop it other than rotating your phone again to counter it. Friends, I have tried to put my observations so far based on my actual usage of the phone. To conclude, I can say that this phone is one of the best buy in this price range for middle level smartphone users who look for reliability and for guys who wanna try the windows 8 flavor out. Smartphone gamers are advised to stay away.... Hope this review is helpful in making your final decision. Thanks for reading!!
Firstly, I would say kudos to Nokia for being back in the show after sometime now since Nokia Xpress Music Edition phones.. Secondly, this phone has everything which an average normal use would ever require from a smartphone, (big screen, super smooth touch, latest WP8 OS, 3G and other connectivity, decent camera, HD recording and playback with good hardware and graphics) but nothing too extravagant. I'm not going to mention other minute details which you can already read on the specifications. Thirdly, if you are a windows lover and want a phone which performs well in comparison to its peers in the market then do go for it. MS will release updates which will improve performance further. Moreover the appstore is going to get better as more apps gets launched for WP platform. Lastly, if you don't appreciate what Nokia or Microsoft is doing in the mobile technology then please don't write spam or hate reviews and discourage other potential buyers who I'm pretty sure would love to get their hands on this pretty device because this is true bang for the buck or rather "poora paisa wasool" .. Stay happy with your million app installable laggy platform "Android".. Each has it's own taste .. And you won't find any branded phone with better specs at this price.. Think twice before writing ridiculous comments like " why no flash" "why no front camera" "why no full HD recording" "why no waterproof body" "why no AMOLED screen" "why no 1GB ram" .. These make me laugh .. I mean seriously! If they gave you everything on 520, why would they be making 920? Or is it that you want an iphone at 10k? That's all I would say, buy it for the features it has and not for the features it doesn't.. I bet there are lots.. You won't regret it ..
This phone is an amazing phone and it has windows phone 8 and all this below 10k. 1) The price in flipkart is expensive I got mine form tradus where it was rs 500 cheaper. 2) This phone has super senstitve touch which allows you to use it with big nails and with gloves on. 3) You also get a 5 mp camera. But there is no flash and front facing camera as a result you do not take use of Skype integration. 4) The windows phone 8 os is the most simplest os to use. 5) The phone has a very good design and also we get a 4 inch screen. 6) Dont worry about apps. I am a developer at windows phone we are trying extremely hard to get the best app and believe me the apps are the best standard. 7) This is the best phone you can get at this range as all other android phone have single core and keep on hanging.. So Close Your Eyes And Buy This Device!!!
THIS REVIEW IS REPLY TO PEOPLE WHO HAVE NOT USED IT AND ARE JUST TROLLING AROUND. This phone is best in its price range and can beat top level android phones in term of smoothness in its operating. There is no hang like android and you don't need to worry about viruses because this operating system is totally secure.I am pointing out few things which people are just trolling about here even without using this phone. 1) TOUCH :- this phone has got best touch screen which you can get. It is highly sensitive that's why it can work even if you have gloves on!!! Now you can easily understand how people are lying when they say touch is not good. 2) NO FM :- Please ! if you write a review don't mention things which are not specified as feature in phone already. Everyone knows this phone doesn't have FM, so how does it become con? or a problem to you later. Didn't you know from before ???? by the way FM update is coming in august update.Also with unlimited nokia music subscription i don't think anyone needs FM. Especially when nokia music store songs are just 1Mb in size and have superb quality!!! 3) NO FLASH: - how is this con? Its mentioned from before this phone doesn't have flash ,so why complain about it later.You want flash go for Lumia 620. 4) APPS :- Now this is the point on which almost everyone seems to be commenting even without having any knowledge. Windows phone 8 os is just few months old and already it has 160,000+ apps . This number of apps came to android and iphone after years!!!! All the important apps are available.And they are not malware infested like android ones because microsoft checks them all before adding to store. Btw its foolish to go on app number . Who uses more than 100 apps? so why do you need 7,00,000 apps? when most of them are either malware or a project made by college student . 5) OS: Windows phone OS is much better to android. This system is secure so you can trust it for mobile banking and other private stuff. Whereas in android anyone can have access to your private data.You can search on net and easily find how android apps are coming with malware with access your private data.After all google main motive in making android was to gather more information about you to show you better ads.Thats it. Don't get fooled that android is open source so its better.Google and all those other apps are constantly tracking you. 6) BATTERY LIFE: Battery life is not an issue if you know how to use a smartphone. People here complain about battery life even without having basic knowledge. You keep your gps on , email synchronization to "push item as they arrive" and all apps running in background ,they how can you expect good battery life? No phone will give a long battery life with all those things on. Just on location when needed and use mail synchronization to half an hour or more . I have been using this phone for last 2 months and not a single time I faced hanging problem. I would suggest just go for this phone.Don't get trolled by these stupid people who don't even have basic knowledge and comment even without using something.
I did a lot of research before buying Windows 8 phone, as was using an android phone for the past 30 months (Sony Xperia Arc) Well one thing I haven't experienced in windows phone since I bought this phone is any kind of lag, which I was constantly facing in Android Phones. I know applications wise Windows is very far behind Android and IOS, but I assure all major apps that we use on a daily basis are available in Windows 8 Store. About 50% android apps are not available for indian users, so why go for android, just because it has a good application count. People say most of the games available for Windows 8 are paid, which are available for free in android, yes it is true, but there are 1000's of free games too which are equally good and even better than paid ones. Windows 8 is a new OS in market as compared to Android and IOS, and developers are rolling out applications for Windows 8 too, so as far as application/ games goes this shouldn't be an issue while comparing android and Windows 8. Specs are great, you can check them out in product description. User friendly Interface and very organized, a bit heavy but does it really matter few extra grams won't cause you any harm. I have recommended Windows 8 phone to all my friends, relatives and my colleagues, even bought Lumia 520 for my mom and Lumia 720 for my brother. It doesn't matter which Windows 8 phone you buy ( 520,620,720,820,920) , all are great phones, simply buy the one which suits most of your needs, and I would really recommend Windows 8 over Android. You won't regret a single moment while using Windows Phone. Now moving onto Lumia 520: 4 inch screen, Windows 8 OS, 512 MB RAM, 1GHZ Dual Core Processor for just Rs 8800. I got this phone for my mom, and she doesn't use flashlight, so for her flash light is not at all an issue. Great Phone, Great OS. Thanks to both Microsoft and Nokia.
I purchased this phone Nokia Lumia 520 from a regular mobile chain store a few days back. I have an android phone (Micromax) and use a Samsung tablet too. After trying this phone's features, I am at a loss to understand why the market share for the Windows phone as as low as it is now, there is just no comparison between the two operating systems. I am a regular laptop user and have been using WIn8 OS for the last several months. What I really like is the tight integration between the phone and my laptop. If like me you too are a PC user, the choice is natural and clear. I have gmail configured in both devices, use the gmail calendar to track appointments and the way this information flows between the devices is great. The mail interface in Android in a word, sucks. Admittedly I don't play video games or watch movies on my phone. I am too old for the former and too fussy to accept anything less than a large format flat TV for movies. To me a smartphone is a way of doing tasks such as banking or reading news more conveniently and keep updated with my mails even if I am not at my desk.
First of all, thanks to flipkart for its up to the mark and quick, as usual, service. You may get this phone at lower price at other stores but at flipkart you are assured of the authenticity(seal not broken). Coming to the phone , WP8 is way better than the androids. The number of apps may seem less but if you think of usable and required apps, windows' store has an upperhand. and come on it's Windows. It hates piracy. So you are assured of your apps being safe to download and use. Some pros - 1) I liked the tile structure. It's different and easy to use. 2) 1 GHz processor is fast with no lags. 3) Multitasking is easy and quite handy in WP8. 4) Heating problem is temporary only. I did experience it in the starting. but after using it for 2-3 days, now I don't face heating problem. Marginal heating can't be ruled out for smart phones of this much calibre. 5) camera quality is good. 6) Sound quality is good but not the best. 7) Battery is sufficient to use the phone at full efficiency for a day, which the androids can't. 8) Office 365 is very simple to use and have great features. 9) Here maps is great feature. though it is little short of google maps, I'm sure it will evolve. The thing is you can use it offline. no need for internet connectivity. 10) Build quality is elegant. 11) Plenty of games available in store. many of them are free. 12) Touch is very good. while using the phone you feel the elegancy. some cons - 1) earphones quality is cheap. earphones of Nokia 3230 which is now seven years old, is still way better than what i got with 520. It's a great phone to buy at 10k. Infact, much better than androids of 15- 18k range. A masterpiece by Nokia.
1 line review- Dont think more, just BUY THIS PHONE!!!! IPS ( Intelligent, Proven And Smart) review- I had been thinking of buying a phone in the mid range section since last 1 month, but was confused due to various phones available in this price section and the lucrative offers provided by various companies. I had owned many Nokia phones before, and have used Samsung Galaxy Grand for some time too... So, after googling for about two weeks overall, I finally narrowed my choices to three phones- Lumia 520, Micromax Canvas A74, and the Samsung Galaxy Trend.. So I decided to buy one from a local shop as they were offering some very interesting offers on mobiles.. Now coming to A74, Its a decent phone but still Micromax post-sale support service is not upto the mark. About Galaxy trend, the camera offered is only 3MP, and it lacks several other features Now, finally coming to the winner Lumia 520- Cons- NONE!!!! (Although the camera button needs to pressed a bit tightly to open the camera app) P.S. lack of secondary camera and flash cannot be considered in cons, as they are not a drawback of this phone. The company doesnt even offer these features with this phone, so its nothing but foolishness to consider them as a drawback Pros- * Excellent display * Windows OS 8 rocks..It beats the sh#t out of even high end android phones * Free unlimited subscription to Nokia Music * Best camera under 15k if you ignore the "fake" megapixels offered by cheap brands. * Offline navigation system * Clicks decent shots under low light (Dont use SmartCam in low light) * Coming to the biggest myth- the lack of apps in Windows Store- Its a blunt lie!!! I have downloaded all the apps that i used to work on my Grand..Store provides all the basic apps, and some great apps, especially for camera..Now, Instagram has also been launched for WPs... Literally, You dont need any other app for your phone. I'm not a gaming freak, but still most of the games are available on the store.. As far as Subway surfer is concerned, its being developed for WPs, and many amazing alternatives are also available for it * Battery backup is awesoooommmmmmmeeeeee.. The biggest advantage offered by this phone is its battery backup...Even after a 30 min charge, it lasts for about 7-9 hours, with Data ON.. * Many more pros which i can blabber about... :D So my final word is that buy this phone, you wont regret it... :) Hope my review helps your decide better for the phone you buy Edit: This is my final review edit after 24 hours of buying the phone and using it :)
Well when i first opened the box...wow..there goes it the shiny new Lumia 520... Pros: Its cheap compared to other "branded" smartphones in the market. Great Built quality, feels solid in hand and looks great. Smooth but rarely sometimes it lags(it does not become much of a problem though). Good Multitasking Loudspeakers are Loud enough but sound quality gets a little downgraded at high volumes...If you prefer quality over loudness then u better listen at 20(in the scale of 30). Colourful and unique interface for who are bored with android interface. The Lockscreen really looks good. Simple to use. Can play 1080p videos with easy but in such high quality videos navigating becomes hell. Good Camera(If you can keep your hand steady enough and have enough light around because it doesn't come with a flash). Charging is fast and it keeps up for long provided you are not a heavy gamer. Theres a good game thats availiable for free..Thats "Dredd vs Zombies" it will keep u busy for sometime. Cons: The screen is shiny but it attracts fingerprints(a tissue paper wipe now and then will do good also advised to get a screen protector) The screen is reflective and under sun its difficult to use. No FM The OS still requires development(eg. You cannot transfer video files via bluetooth, Music and pictures can still be transferred). The handset doesn't come with a good pair of headphones.. Better if you buy one. It requires Micro sim. Lacks apps in the app store and most of the good apps are paid(The original Angry Birds game costs Rs 55).It doesn't even have temple run 2 and talking tom 2. There is no file manager. Less chance of customization(You can't set a wallpaper) There is no Audio Enhancement and the audio player lacks equalizer. Takes a long time to start(expected since its a smartphone). You have to open the battery every time you change the sim or memory card and thus you have to adjust the time every time you do so. But at this price you simply cannot expect more and this is indeed a steal at this price point. If you want something different than the android phones you see when you travel in the bus. This is the way to go..It seems as if Windows phones have a bright future.
PROs: 1. This is the best phone across any OS that you can get for Rs. 10000 or less. 2. The 512 MB RAM ensures the OS runs lag free something which Android users complain about with phones in this price bracket. 3. You have a 5MP Camera with 720p HD recording which is quite good. 4. The design and looks of the phone are simple yet stylish. I personally like the white one. 5. You have all the useful apps available. I agree that the number of apps is less than the Google Playstore (iOS comparison pointless given the price) but the usefulness of the Windows apps is a lot more. For instance Windows has 2 to 3 good Weather Apps (All your prominent Weather Websites' apps) while Android has 20 different Weather Apps. So you will still get the Weather on Windows. This is also a mythbuster to some extent of the myth that more the number of apps in the store the better it is. 6. Nokia's own Apps further enhance some areas which Microsoft couldn't perfect. Like Nokia Drive and Offline Maps and Navigation are absolute Gems for Windows Phones. 7. You have Kids' corner, Hubs etc which provide utility and value. 8. The Phone is sturdy and ensures the Nokia Phone feel and built. 9. The Price is marvellous. Absolute Value for Money. For under 10k you experience Windows Phone 8 OS. Seriously there is nothing more you can ask. It scores full marks in the Value for Money Department. 10. Still want more? Microsoft Office completes the package. You get the amazingly usable and legendary Word, Excel and One Note with Powerpoints that can be viewed. You get 7GB Skydrive Space too POINT OF DEBATE: If you are absolutely hell bent on High Graphics Gaming then you will find that the RAM isn't sufficient. But Remember, Even on same range Android phones with 1GB Ram Temple Run still slows down after you reach 7,000,000 as your score. To ensure lag free Temple run you will have to buy a handset at least 5k more than this Lumia 520. This applies to other games requiring the same RAM/Graphics. SO This isn't a con for me. Cons: 1. No FM Radio. (If listening to songs is okay for you this can be overcome) 2. No Flash and No Front Camera are the only cons I can think of. They are perfectly acceptable in this price bracket though, please remember. Verdict: With the Features you get its hard to believe that this phone costs less than 10,000. An absolutely marvelous entry level Windows Phone with a Fresh and Fluid OS with legendary Nokia quality and assurance make this irresistible. Plus the competition comes nowhere close. You won't regret buying this. Unless you can stretch your budget enough for the 620!
Hello people ! First I want to say that do not go by the people who mention it as a phone not having a file system. Those guys even do not know the basic of widows phone system. This is not the best but not also bad. The very first problem mentioned is No file manager. Right ? Yes but it is the basic of windows 8 , that is the extreme security. Let me tell you something, can you see the file system of ipod ? Obviously no. You only can merge your ipod via itunes only. Now , is there anybody who will dare to say Mac is bad than PC ? File access has been removed for the security reason to protect you. You can do banking with this phone with peace of mind, but you cant do that with a android. Android's open file system makes it vulnerable to the hackers. You even dont know that google is tracking your everything with this android phone. Is there any android developer who will deny the fact that google is selling the preferences of android user to the market catcher. Your hobby, your choice is being sell through android. Windows 8 will not track you unless you install chrome in it. This is the reason for hiding the file system. If you do not believe me, then open a browser in your android and browse some product in flipkart and then open another website which display adsense ads in another tab, you will just see the your very browsed products are being advertised on that new website. How did that website know your preferences unless google sells it without your permission. Like google android sucks. Now come to his phone. It is made to make your privacy strict. I know in some days there will be few patches around which will be deployed by the developers, but microsoft will fix those with update, but android will make you to buy another new phone. Now , its cam is decent as 5MP, Sound is good. Battery backup is far better than android at this price. Android sucks more battery than this one with the same features. Well , who said it will capture a good photo in low light? This is basic phone, without flash, so its not meant for low light pictures. Please ignore those dumbs who talks about good night mode picture. It is a decent phone at this price. What you get with this is that you have a peace of mind and secured identity. If you see chrome, you will find that 30% of its code are written to track your activity to sell them to market. Win 8 does not have such codes. Heating is a inherited problem of android phones. So, at this price there is no valid reason to go for android when you have such windows phone. Keep it in your mind a experience expert will give you a better service than a new comer. Android has just 3 years of its life and it has open 4 version of its OS. Look at MS it has 8 version since 1980. Now consider yourself which is better as the development history tells you the simple story.
Bought this for INR 10100. Pretty Good VFM if you ask me Some Salient Features of this Phone 1. The feel of the phone is awesome. I don't agree with people saying it feels cheap. My friends say it feels better than the 620 2. The Screen is non Clearback: So contrast is not as rich as Lumia 620. But viewing angles are far better. Sunlight Legibility is great. Super Sensitive touch works great. If contrast and clear back is what you want go for the 620. But the viewing angles of 520 are better. 3. The Keyboard is just plain AMAZING. Miles ahead of Wordflow, Swype and other custom keyboards. Predicts words perfectly. 4. Feels as smooth as the 1GB WPs. Some apps do not run but most can be fixed with an app update. 5. Nothing Beats Nokia's Custom Apps 6. There is no Flash or FFC. While nokia could have added a flash but the 620 is there for that. But yes. The daylight photos are Downright AMAZING. 7. The power lock and camera buttons provide a very tactile feel in the 520. Something I missed with the 620. 8. WP8 is pretty improved from WP7 (I come from Lumia 710). Lockscreen Notifications, Dynamic lockscreen provides lot of usability benefits. So it the performance from the NT kernel. 9. The Speaker is LOUD and pretty LOUD so. Though you may hear distortion at high volume. Its as loud if not louder than 620. 10. To sum it up. This 10k phone can do all the smartphone related tasks with outmost ease and panache with minimum fuss. May not appeal to those looking for a million apps or those who like to put in a new theme everyday but for those who value the user experience than anything else it is a treat to use. Nothing in this price range beats it. Nokia has intelligently used economies of scale and made internals of 520,620 and 720 same to achieve lower costs. Go for this Phone if you are near 10-12k. You money cant have a better value than this little beauty
Before I tell you why I don't recommend Windows Phone, I must tell you that I have been using lumia 520 for last 45 days. Phone is quite good in all aspects be it Call Quality, be it UI . Display is super good and touchscreen is awesome. People keep on complaining about apps, but trust me we have all the useful apps in Windows Phone which we need for daily use. Some are even better than Android. So these are the best parts of my review. By this time I am sure, you must have read the Review title atleast 2 times that why I don't recommend windows phone. So here it goes. lumia has 7.1 GB internal memory in which we can install apps. Mind that, we can install apps only in internal memory not on SD card. out of 7.1 GB, 4 GB is user accessible which is quite enough for installing apps. Assuming that an average app takes up 20 MB of space, we can install 200 apps. Even the most addicted phone users dont need that many apps , so memory is not a problem. But wait. when we see the breakup of the memory, it is divided into 4 sections. 1.Apps 2.System 3. Music ,Photos and all 4. Others. The fourth section 'Others' is inaccessible by users and we cant delete anything in that. When you purchase a new phone , the size is around 50 MB. But as you keep on using it , its size will grow bigger and bigger. It is like the %temp% folder in our computer which keeps some random data. and is of no use to us. I will give an example how this memory gets consumed. Assume you have 500 MB of memory left in your phone. You install an app of 30 MB. Remaining is 470 MB. But you will get only 465 MB. This extra 5 MB got consumed in Other section. Now you uninstall the app. You should get 495 MB. But you will get only 490 MB. So, there is effectively no change in the contents of phone because you installed and uninstalled an app and net is zero. But what we lost is 10 MB without any reason. This kind of memory consumption will happen every time whatever you do in your phone. SO , right now in my phone , the 'Other' section is consuming as much as 2.6 gb of space without any reason. and you can not delete it. Now if I watch any youtube video or anything which requires phone space, it says that your phone memory is low. And this consumption will keep on increasing. I checked Windows forum and hundreds of people are facing this problem. I will have to reset the phone if I want to delete that Others section. You will lose all data in your phone if you do that. So guys, initial experience is going to be awesome with windows phone , but trust me , after 50 -60 days , you will find yourself in the same situation as I am in right now. Rest is your choice.
I bought this phone in November last year, that's around 7 months now, I would have to list the problems I have faced with this phone. 1. Phone started restarting on it's own, even when it was just lying idle, 5-6 times a day. Returned the phone to showroom 3 times, they kept it for totally a month, they said they upgraded the firmware, yet to this day, the phone restarts, trust me it's quiet frustrating. I could no longer take the torture of their service center people giving bullshit reasons and even denying that the problem exist, so I never went back. 2. After 4 months, the keypad lock button stopped functioning, you would have to press the screen to align the button and press really hard to lock it. 3. Volume buttons don't work anymore. 4. You can see the call ringing but you cant press receive, you d have to lock the phone, unlock and then press the button. Mind you, the lock button is screwed up and hard to operate. 5. And network problems, hell a lot of em, if it goes it never returns. About a week ago, I dropped the phone and the screen shattered. Guess what, I was kinda happy that I could finally get rid of this frustrating, pathetic phone. I have lost the count of the number of times I felt like smashing my phone. Nokia, You suck big time. Never again.
TL;DR: Best phone deal as of now, even without AMEX card. Details: Background: I am using Lumia 710 for the last one year and my flatmate is using this one. I once had iPhone 4. Plus I have tried androids as well. Masterpiece at 7K. You may get even more discount thanks to AMEX cards. Now at least the rational people are realizing the power of Windows phones and switching from their shitty Androids. Few people comparing this phone with Androids having myths like It has only 512 Mb Ram OR only 1Ghz processor etc. I'd like to clarify them that compare oranges to oranges not to apples. Windows OS is much more optimized and needs less hardware and memory. e.g. iPhone 3GS had only 256 MB RAM but never lagged. Coming to review of this phone: 1. It is very different than symbian and Android so a new user might not be comfortable for first couple of days e.g. It cannot be simultaneously switched off and charged 2. Its Metro UI (theme) is very unique and best among all phones. 3. Battery is good as compared to its counterparts. 4. All the useful apps are present in Windows OS. Yes, all the 'useful' ones. If you compare with 5 Lac+ apps on android, let me tell you majority of those apps are not useful in India. Secondly no one uses all 5 lacs so whatever are useful are already present in Windows marketplace. 5. Games collection is much smaller in windows. All the recently launched games might not be present in windows. So this is one grey area. But it has its own set of XBOX games which are not free (Rs. 149~400). Trust me NFS rocks in Lumia. If you are a game freak then you may think about this. 6. Email, Facebook, Linkedin integration with Phonebook and messages is awesome. 7. Nokia music subscription, offline map navigation are something you wont get in any other phone. Hope it helped in your decision making.
Although Nokia is always my first choice in Smart phone just because of the ease of there accessibility and their PC Suite, But what shocked me when I saw a 9K phone has got best seller badge tagging onto the official site..... on standing the time when phone's market is madly flooded.... I decided to buy this on referring by one of my friend... and I'm very happy... Now, my review on this device.. Friend, If u are not a hard core gamer, looking for a phone that manages all your E-Needs... trust me here is the budget device flashing on the market, although it doesn't seem to be a budget device... The display has no complaint either, object are sharp & Crisp, color reproduction is magnificent (especially when set to vivid profile), though Gorilla Glass & Clear Black aren't come with the package... who cares... The toughen glass is scratch resistance & Display is very nice... Games like Asphalt 7 & 6 Guns runs with about zero lag, thanks to Adreno 360 & Dual Core Processor... Mail, contact sync is like magic... all a/c can be managed under a single roof. Camera is very responsive sensor is very descent, sound quality is very nice... only a few that nokia has pruned is... no LED on Capacitive physical buttons, Tap to wake isn't present & no equalizer (available with WP8 GDR3 update), but that is fair on placing such a price tag.
Guyz, i am writing this review after reading all the reviews and using the phone for 3 days. I am also using iPhone 5 and had purchased this phone as a scondary phone due to battery issues with iPhone ( due to heavy usage of internet, and games iPhone needs to be charged again at around 2 PM ) 1st of all we all need to get this clear that this is a 10000k phone, so giving negative reviews for not having camera flash, less pixels as compared to a > 30000k phone, less number of apps on windows store, or not having any other feature which we already know before buying, is not at all justified. Also giving single star because Flipkart delayed the delivery of this product - i am not sure its jusfied or not. Now coming to the Phone : Pros : 1. Looks of the phone are simply Mind Blowing. The moment u take it out of the box, a smile is definite, its much more good looking than shown in the pictures. 2. Most Basic thing - call quality - is superb. 3. Most IMPORTANT THING - NO LAG IS THERE. ONLY OTHER PHONE NOT HAVING ANY LAG IS IPHONE. But this Lumia wonder is equally competing. There is absolutely no lag while opening phone book, messages, contact list etc etc, which we all know is present even in Galaxy S 4, or any other android phone. 4. Nokia Music - guyz, i was having monthly subscription of Dhingana, which i immidiately stopped the moment i explored Nokia Music. As of now, all the songs which were not available in Saavn or Dhingana, i am able to find it on Nokia Music. Song gets downloaded in few seconds, like they show in some commercials. Music Library is superb. Song quality is as good as any other. 5. UI is neat and clean, ergonomically designed, the "live tile thing" seems ok, though not of much use other than show off. 6. Battery life - i am not able to comment, as i only use this phone for making calls, with wifi on all day to listen to music (about 1 hr) daily) :- for this much usage battery is superb, carries on to next day. No email accounts i have synced. No games, Apps etc. 7. Camera - Is worth. 8. No heating issue i have noticed. 9. Screen clarity is very good. Of Course not like Retina Display, but justified. 10. Games - None i have played as of know 11. Contacts Transfer - Surprisingly, it got connected with iPhone via Blue Tooth very smoothly and all the contacts were transferred in 4/5 minutes. Con - Only one i have found out that there is no option to lock screen rotation as of now, which i think will be there in next few updates. Final Verdict - This phone is an awesome piece for Value for money. Please don't go by negative reviews, an isolated defective piece, or isolated heating problem etc. Thank you All.
Raj Khan Nokia Lumia 520 Battery saving tips:- 1. Screen time:- Go to setting select lock screen select 30 sec or 1 min time out. 2. Brightness should be low. 3. Theme should be dark. 4. Xbox Live :- Not using games at the moment? then off the connect to xbox live setting in the games settings. Go to settings > applications > games. 5. Sync:- Go to settings > email + accounts > select Microsoft account. In download new content select "daily". 6. Use bluetooth, wifi, gps location when u want to use.( If ur not using then select off) Then it will give 40hrs backup easily :) Those persons giving 4hrs or 8hrs battery backup mostly it happen when u overcharge ur phone. After full charge disconnect ur phone. Charge ur phone when battery is low, it will increase ur battery health.
At first I want to thanks everyone who has given their valuable time to write reviews about the phone. All valuable reviews helped me to select this phone. I bought it from flipkart, just before 5 days. I have used many phones with symbian,bada,android, but never even tried to think about the Microsoft phones, after watching the reviews about less applications. But some user said that Microsoft OS is great. Now it is my turn to write review after using this phone. At first I am going to write about the + points of this phone. Pros: (hardware) 1) A very compact phone with great built quality. 2) Supports bl-5j battery very very powerful battery backup with fast charger gives output of 750mah. 3) Camera quality is really great according to this price range. Auto focus and tap to focus works like gem. 4) 3 hardware buttons back, home, search are very much responsive. 5) Comes with an IPS display with fantastic quality because the same display you can see in high end phones. 6) Soft back panel of this phone gives a very good grip in hand. 7) The phone is physically very slim. 8) While in call, a red light on the front (call connectivity indication) looks great. 9) Feels luxury in hand due to its big sized display. 10) Comes with 233ppi (that it is very hard to find out the pixels) with great bright display. (software) 11) Never hangs. 12) Very fast dual core processor 13) Unlimited free games and applications. [Here is something what is must to say is that Microsoft provides you thousands of free games and applications, with daily new updates. Just go to "games" and select "top free games" and download as much as you can. Don't see it from "store" icon otherwise you can see maximum games and applications are paid (price starting generally from 55/- to 255/- and even more). Maximum games are of more than 21mb. Provides best games like Temple run, Angry birds, Contra, Mario brothers, Ice age village, Roman Empire, Special Force Anti-terrorist, AE Fruit Slash, and so many 3d games] 14) You can download more than 30 games and applications together as I do usually. But it never hangs. 15) Centralized control makes it easy to control the phone. 16) Office package works great with supported fx function. (It can do mathematical calculations in excel sheet just same like windows pc with formula and functions). 17) Uninstallation of softwares are very easy on this phone, just hold on and uninstall. 18) Touch experience is just amazing and very responsive like galaxy s4. Cons: 1) PC connectivity is not available through pc suite. Only file transfer is available. 2) Centralized volume control. There is no volume fragmentation for different applications, for video, music, call while on ear, call while on headset, profile sound, etc. has only one volume control. If you change all the volume level will be changed. 3) Not supports other nokia headphones. Only supports the one given in the box. Surprisingly supports samsung headphones(supports call mike) just properly. 4) No file manager available. So it is very difficult to search files. 5) You cannot switch off your phone while connecting the device with computer and charger. If you switch off then it will automatically turn on. 6) No equalizer supported. 7) If you download other MP3 application then it also lags equalizer. Suppose you are playing songs in default music application, and opened other downloaded MP3 application for another songs, unfortunately, when the song is playing, all the default and downloaded applications works same. If you switch from default music application to downloaded music application, you can see that the same song is playing there. 8) No call log available like symbian series phones. (Only default log is available). 9) You cannot select wallpaper in homescreen. You can select wallpaper in lock screen only. 10) All the control buttons are on back cover if you don't fit the cover properly then some of the switch cannot be pressed. 11) Sometimes I feel very irritated about this OS. Much more things are limited. Microsoft need to maintain and add good features and user friendly behavior of the OS. 12) You can play xbox games but internet connection is required and you can play only by signing in to Microsoft account and xbox account. Other games can be played normally. At last I can say that, the phone with Microsoft operating system comes with a lots of merits and demerits, now it is up to your choice. According to my opinion, it is a very good phone and you can go for it if you think all the cons are acceptable to you.
well firstly i didnt buy this phone from flipkart as it was out of stock when i bought this... most of my friends who are android loyalists tried to discourage me from buying this little beast but after one and a half months of rigorous use i am extremely satisfied that i stuck to my choice... i have seen people writing negative reviews and rating this phone 1 out of 5 stars but trust me they surely have not used this phone and lets ignore them.... about the pros and cons their have been many reviews so i will not go into details i will just point out 2-3 significant features.. firstly this platform doesnt need antiviruses as all apps are sandboxed and thus no viruses can affect this phone similarly no antiviruses can work on this phone..its actually a great thing which is responsible for minimizing lags created by malwares... secondly the windows store is a continuously developing and growing one of a kind app store in which all the apps needs of the user are fulfilled and that also with windows certified apps unlike android where anybody who can code for the linux kernel can upload apps thus the apps are more secure and trustworthy... the touch the metro ui the apps integration and everything about this phone is absolutely brilliant but only the battery is a significant downside however once you get a hold of the phone and the os you eventually learn to use the battery wisely to last you 16-18 hours inspite of gaming moderately.. a few apps like viber, talking tom and whatsapp need immediate upgrades and i dont know why they havent been updated for a long time... it is a little beast that serves you well and is by far the best smartphone out there in this price range and afterall nokia and windows are two of the most reliable brands in the market....guys who are planning to buy this baby can do so without any second thoughts... flipkart is actually offering this phone for a price that is lower than market prices.... one more thing for people using this phone guys TEMPLE RUN 1 is available in the store and it runs very smooth and TEMPLE RUN 2 will be uploaded very soon and a very important and useful update will be available next month which will enhance the user experience quite a few notches.....
I have been using this phone for 2 weeks and its simply awesome.Nothing need to be said about hardware as much have been talked about it and its better than any premium brand phone till Rs 15,000.The phone runs smooth without any lag or hang even with multiple apps running.For the people here complaining about file manager, they simply are in a different era of symbian phones! Why do you need file manager when you can open directly from the apps the file associated with them and delete from there! also you have an option of storage check which gives very detailed information about your storage space.Its much more like a smart phone to have your phone organize things for you! its so easy. Also, I don't understand why people complain about apps. They are available in ample number and also better quality.Also facebook chat integration in inbox,live tiles, synchronized contacts with facebook ,msn ,gmail accounts makes it simply awesome. Its an amazing OS for people who are ready for a change.
I Switched over to Windows 8 from Android (LG Optimus Hub). Very hesitant to step into Windows 8 initially and then i bought this phone. Now the technical pros and Cons are the same what my previous brothers and sisters posted and i am not going to be posting about that. My experience: 1. Camera quality is quite good with its AF (if LED Flash was there then this would have been better). 2. Phone build is nice. Gives a Peppy look especially the coloured Panels. 3. Windows 8 - Absolutely everthing at once. This OS is magic. Awesome and Smooth UI with animated Tile features will surely Charm you. Atleast worthy to have a look in Demo. 4. Screen is 4" and quite big for Mid Rage phone users and Butter touch is a pleasure to your fingers. 5. No Lags till now. 6. Awesome games however no temple run or free version of Angry Birds. You will learn that World is quite Bigger than those two games. 7. App Store: You wont find much of Apps but you will find the needful other than Gtalk and FB Messenger.(The Phone has Email Client that can replace you Gmail app and trust me, Its faster and Whatsapp, Viber and WeChat is available) 8. Music quality is a beauty. i suggest you to Buy a Phillips or Sennheiser headsets if possible to enjoy the Feel of Music. 9. Nokia HERE Maps will Provide you Offline maps with GPS based direction Support therefore you dont have to turn on Internet to use maps like Google Maps. 10. The default Search engine is Bing and however you can download Google app if you want. No Youtube app but Videos play well in the Internet explorer Browser. Worthy Competitor to android phones. Nokia Sure has done something to regain their Brand trust
I ordered this phone on Flipkart and received it within three business days. So, delivery = awesome. The packaging was small, but nice. You fall in love with the phone once you open the cover. Fabulous shine on the screen. Well it cost me 11k bucks so I was happy. Windows 8 was not a new experience for me. But what impressed me the most was the smooth touch interface. Yes, as claimed by Nokia, this is a super sensitive touch screen. I love the colors and the response time of the phone. This is the best buy if you need a smartphone experience at around Rs. 10k. The earphones were not nice. So I switched them. Now, what I don't like about this phone is the fact that it restarts every now and them. Probably it is because I have been using it as a hotspot for hours. But still, it is a smartphone. I don't expect it to beak down every few hours. It also has a "pocket syndrome". Many a times, even in sleep mode, it manages to call a random contact somehow and I end up paying for no conversation. Last time, it called "DoCoMo Music" and whoooosh.. Rs 20 deducted. So I have stopped carrying it in my pocket xD Overall I am satisfied with the performance of my Nokia Lumia 520
For the past 1 month I have been using this phone. Here is what I make of my Lumia… Pros: 1. Good looks, simple lightweight OS, no hangs or lags as of now. 2. Smooth touch experience, metro UI is good too. 3. Office Integration is very good. 4. HD playback, played 1080p videos perfectly. 5. Here Drive, Here Maps, Nokia Music and Ringtone Maker are all brilliant and must have apps. 6. Sound is loud enough but average quality. 7. Camera works perfectly for a 5 mp in bright sunlight, poor in low light. Cons(Windows Phone 8): 1. No file manager(really in 2013?). 2. No profiles(again really?). 3. No FM(heard that its coming through gdr2 update this month or June). 4. No seek bar in either video player or music player, only fast forward is possible. 5. Same volume rocker for incoming calls and music. 6. Lack of quality apps. Cons(Nokia): 1. Phone gets heated very quickly, battery drains real fast while on multimedia. Overall it’s a very good phone at this price range but the OS lacks very basic functionality. It would have nailed competition in this range had Nokia gone with Meego instead of this beta Windows Phone.
Hey Brajesh, I can help you with few of your issues: - a) Editing a text - It is very well possible with WP 8, all you have to do is if you want to edit the text, touch and hold a bit longer and then you can place the cursor wherever you want in the text. Try it out, you may also find some videos on youtube on how it works. b) Ringtone - Use Nokia ringtone maker app, you can create a ringtone with it from within your phone. c) Video Player - If you want to fast forward the video, just touch and hold the seeker and put it on any place in the timeline where you want it to be. This should solve your problem. d) Issue with MS forcing its own applications, I guess this is what is called smartphone ecosystem. For eg: - if you will create a contact on android phone, it will go to your gmail account, or on a Iphone the ITunes account. This is important since it also allows backup of your data. Btw, when it comes to securing your personal info, MS is the best and if you don't believe my words, read it on web that how many issues google is facing with using personal info of the users. e) Font size : - for most of the system apps like messages etc, you can increase the font size through a common setting in settings area. I am not sure though if it solves your problem. Finally when it comes to app store, you are right that number of apps are pretty low, but they are growing day by day and MS is putting all the forces behind it, so you can expect it to touch a base level pretty soon. Let me know if this helps.
lumia 520 is the best (with in 10k ) when compared to samsung young and sony xperia E dual of same range mobiles. HTC A620E 8S windows mobile with similar features (replica in every thing) is cost about 18k costlier than lumia 520 windows 8 mobile is very user friendly and quick to understand . just in short and sweet it's an Excellent mobile with lesser price ............
It is amazing as it is feature rich for what it costs. But then there are consistent call drops, which is quite annoying. Also for some one moving from android this will be more textual than icon based, so it might be quite some shift. Also certain intuitive features are ignored like, i cannot distinguish between incoming/outgoing calls unless I read the strings (rather it is expected to be known quickly through color or some other simpler mechanism). I guess it is usable but is more of wait and watch about how soon Nokia fixes the issues.
First of all I would like to thank Flipkart for amazing delivery timings, less than 24 hours to deliver the product. This product was available even before the Nokia could have this in their outlets... AWESOME!!! This is my second purchase from Flipkart, Samsung Duos S7562 being the first one. Nokia 520 is a very good smart phone for a beginner, which gives you lot of features... The best being the Windows 8 OS!!! Please don't fall to fake reviews from non-buyers, instead buy the product and experience the difference. All the best!!! Thank you Flipkart for great service and keep it up!!!
Remember mass phones Nokia 6600, Motorola Razer which had created a wave in the mobile industry when they were released? At some point people got bored of similar phones and a new trend was starting. Currently android market especially samsung Galaxy series are sold like hot cakes. But next turn is for Lumia series.When Nokia adopted Windows platform I thought it was quite bad decision. But looking at the Lumia series phones and the way in which it's windows UI has evolved only thing I can say is hats-off to microsoft. There is a lot of innovation in the mobile unlike android. (Remember steve Jobs comment? 'I'm going to destroy Android, because it's a stolen product'). Nokia is targetting to bring lumia series phones to mid segment and lower mid segment. So watch out in a year span of time you can see all hands with Lumia phones. I got it in pre launch and never experiences hang till now. UI experience is untimate. Only problem that I saw was phone heats up quite badly for long usage. Battery capacity is quite less but for normal usage should run for a day easily.
Using this phone from 2 weeks and honestly you cannot get a better phone than this in even 15k. I am an android developer and using android phone from last 2 yrs, but believe me, if you want some peace in your life, then go for it. Best 10k you will spend on mobile :)
The best phone one can imagine at this price. Pros: # Excellent touch screen. Smooth as a Butter. # Lightning Fast for multitasking. # Good Battery Life. # Limited but Exceptional Apps ( Here Drive , Maps , Smartshoot , Panaroma , Cinemagraph). Simply one has to use them. Ma words r not enough. # Nokia Music store AWESOMNESS # Integration of Mobile , FB , Twitter , Microsoft hotmail , google contacts. # Skydrive provides message backup, contact backup on the cloud. # No zune software needed , USB mass storage facility is available. Cons: # Games come at a cost. # A minor glitch is No file Explorer , Every format will be opened only with that specific app. Simply the best. #itcan'tgetbetterthanthis.
The phone is the best smartphone in this price category. i bought it when it was 10499 but now its only 9999 after a week things i noticed.... win 8 - apps almost all the necessary ones are there and more and more coming daily hubs just works wonders, messaging is down right the best in the market but facebook the official app...even though i like the design ,it crashes then and there but it is the software that has the problem and can be solved easily games run smoothly on the phone overall the phone is really really good has the lumia branding and it is a lot better than those of samsung and all exchangeable covers are good wish flipkart would sell them it is a bust buy for all those looking for a phone with >10k price tag
I bought this Phone last week after reading the Positive reviews. It has really got great features at this Price range. Nice build quality. And we can change the covers of the phone with other colors too. At home, we have phones S2, Optimus 2x Androids and the N95, 6233 Nokia Symbians and an iOS device. So as a tryout for Windows 8, I bought this windows phone. It amazes in all the aspects! Very rich UI. Nokia as well as Microsoft have learnt a lot and researched more and have came back with a very good Product. All the phones in this 20 series rocks (Lumia 520, 620,720, 820 and 920). As the series number increases, the price and the features also increases. Read the detailed review in more reliable gsmarena.com for more details about this Phone. And I hope, you too would get impressed of the features of this phone. 512MB seems to be enough for smooth Operation. More RAM may be needed to play for high end games I believe. Have to research on this more after some more usage in downloading Apps. Some people in the blogs have placed comments like we can't transfer music to this Phone. For those, we can do via Bluetooth or USB cable or transfer the music into the Memory card. As simple as that. The Music Player looks pretty awesome. I tried playing 1080p full HD videos in this mobile. It does play very well without any issues. 4 inch display resolution is quite nice. Better among other phones in this Price range as far as my knowledge with the budget smartphones. For an user who wants to do regular phone calling (of course, thats why Phones are for first of all :) ), check emails, social networking and play some games etc, this is the best phone. Camera pics are very good in daylight and no flash. The Phone even after good usage for the whole day has around 30-40% of Charge left over! Will give an update on this later after some more usage on how it behaves. If you are planning to buy a decent looking phone with good internet connectivity, this should be your choice.
if u are an android fan. Then look at this phone u will surely switch to windows... Nokia is always better then galaxy devices.... 1)build quality- smooth rubberised finish pleasing experience to hold ... 2)no more rubbing of screen just simple touches and u r on...thats the live tiles 3) xbox games -lots of lots of lots of games are there gravity guy2,istunt2,fruit slash,soccer,asphalt.....etc etc.... 4)5 megapixel camera is preety decent... 5)supersmooth touch.... only one concern is battery life.if u are using live tiles,andgaming,and intret then it lasts for 6 hrs.. thanks nokia for lumia 520.. SWITCH TO LUMIA...
Red & Cyan 520's was available in flipkart for few mins in flipkart and then went to "Out of Stock".........(I am able order both in those few min's) ***************************************** Guys in local markets here in hyd, below are the price points.... ****************************** Red & Cyan : 11000 - 12000 (High demanded colors) Blk, white & Yellow : 9600 (Even cheaper if u can bargain) ******************************************** So finally prefer local markets(Nokia Priority center's).. if u willing to Old boring colors like black,white & yellow as they are cheaper............ ********************************************
This phone will amaze you I bet! I was literally awestruck when I saw its interface! Amazingly smooth and perfectly animated! Nice camera and the feature of 'cinematography'. For Rs 10500, this is the perfect phone to buy! No second thoughts! (Common... for god's sake it has a dual core processor!)
after some use i must say its a great phone.. its pros the greatttttt build,The phone feels more premium than almost all other phones out there in the market.only nokia could do such a thing & its a good thing as phones falling from us is common & i cant think about losing 12k in a month. best in class features,large screen and a fantastic camera and nokia is improving their camera and phone through constant updates unlike others. open your eyes guys. admire the truth. os too is great.the live colourful funky tiles match the phone and attracts people than the android. severe competition has made nokia to launch sweet products at sweet prices. excellent build quality. i cannot say how many glances i had during the past days. the colourful phone steals glances of android lovers too. Nokia's PureMotion sensitive display which can be used with anything like gloves is much better than any phones available in market. Checkout to know the differences. Qualcomm chipset with its 1ghz dual core krait CPU and 512mb of ram makes sure windows phone 8 is a breeze. One has to give credit to windows phone 8 where it deserves, which is being extremely fluid and stutter free at all times. A WP 8 phone will also age better than an android one. 5. While we’re at it, although Windows Phone 8 retains most of what WP 7.5 was, it does iron out a few things here and there. Native-code support would make porting apps to windows easier, which potentially means lots of apps from developers. It also brings in Bluetooth file transfers, resizable tiles etc. All of these and a few more are welcome additions to Nokia Lumia 520 over Lumia 510 which now has some of it through 7.8 update. 8 gb inbuit storage. Free software perks like Nokia Drive, Nokia Lens, Nokia Music etc .A more intangible plus with Nokia Lumia 520 is the Nokia service and support which I personally value more than any other competing brand in India. The sheer number of apps is a huge point in favor of android and iOS. There is no denying that apps to a great extent determine the user-experience on any platform.but many only use 20 to 25 apps only in their phones and many indians are buying these phones to show off only as they are not aware of technical aspects(talking about some common people) its voice recording is terrific. features too are great and is very value for money. dont worry about windows phone.bigger updayes are coming including notifications,full hd screen, file manager,perfomance etc. apps to are coming like INSTAGRAM coming in may and temple run,real racing etc. so wp8 is a future proof os. ITS TIME TO SWITCH
This phone iz jst crazy........first of all its from NOKIA, so after sale service is too good,build quality is tough and features r eye catching.......have a look above! Next thing is weather Android or Windows? -well,after have been using android for 1 year, i would love to switch to windows phone becauz of its bright colors on home screen and in other menu section, its a lot for simplified than android, it does nt require to clean junk files as in android and it easily handels multi tasking. Its headsets are best ever heard and looks stunning. one weak point in this phone may be for u iz that of apps! Well, in new windows of this i.e. Windows 8 many free apps +paid apps are added like facebook,whats app,photo editing apps,temple run( 1 & 2), and many other apps....these are jst basic apps i require because i m nt a much app savy but these apps are sufficient. It has Office 365, email and linkedin integration. So if you are a hard working guy, it will help you to do your job smartly, without even hurting your pocket. Its 5MP camera is too good and clear Performs well against similar rivals. But one thing you will surely like about the camera is its capability to record 720p HD videos at 30fps. That's the thing which no phone provide till now under 11k price range. Its speakers are also decent......Its jst the new best phone from Nokia at this price!!!!!
4 inch Display Same hardware for 520,620,720 Bigger battery than 620 (1430 vs 1300) 5 mp camera with HD recording (No LED flash :( ..but still what more u expect in 10.5k ) If you want maximum no of features with cheaper cost & absence of sec cam is not problem for you then don't think twice ...just go for it... Remember its Nokia & you can trust upon it...
Nokia has come back with a bang by placing WP8 device at 10500 rupees, a definite value for money. Released on 06 Apri evening and sold 52000 devices on 07 April across India. I strongly recommend this product for anybody who want to experience a difference from Android and iOS. -:)
I knw u r in pain but m amaze that reading ur review.. very detaild observation in 60 days but u cant find any solution.. i wl solve ths prblm 1- downld shrink storage app frm wp app store.. which delete all temp(other) files.. 2- downld Lumia storage check app which hav also clear temp file option 3- mainly if u not updating ur phn then go to service centre nd update ur phn wt new firmwre update.. this new update gives u 'nokia storage app' preinstalld which is also delete all ur other storage files.. all above r delete only temp files without damagng or affectng ur user data.. so chill nd dnt feel bad.. go for these apps..
1.this phone can't support mkv n various video format n even there is no video player on store.....every app you have to buy....while in case of andriod we get lots of free app. 2.there is no file manager,one files such as pdf you have haven't opened after receiving thru bluetooth you won,t find that file in your phone any more. 3.there is no good browser such as opera mini for window phone 8 till date.
Got this Product on Big Billion Day for 4999/- only. flipkart service is awesome. next day of order i got the mobile. Nokia Lumia No doubt one of the successful windows phone ever. Faster touch screen Window 8.1 + Office Preinstalled useful applications Nice sound quality camera is awesome
Some unknowns till this review. ==Pros of Nokia== - Since Microsoft owns Nokia so license cost of Windows 8 O.S per phone is reduced, so you will get the better hardware (CPU, RAM, GPU) at similar price of other giants. - 4" inch display is good enough for an average Indian palm size , so its very handy to use with only one hand. -Looks. Unlike Samsung (or rather Same-sung) you can visually see the difference between Lumia phones. -Polycarbonate back cover is nice and won't let you feel "Nokia-have-done-price-compromise" -@8K you get Qualcomm 1 Ghz Dual Core which is amazing (no other phone at this price offers Qualcomm) - 1000 salutes to Nokia camera lenses. @ 8k you get Imagine cam, Smart shoot, Nokia Camera, Nokia Panorama, Nokia Cinemagraph, Nokia Smart Shoot, and Bing Vision Scanner. - Decent camera clarity - Nokia Music (though only 3 months subscription), song size @ Nokia Music is less than 2 MB with very good quality - More than decent touch screen - Here Drive & Here Map offers you accurate navigation, You can download offline maps into your national language-HINDI. ==Pros Of Windows O.S== - Windows O.S is easy to operate than android. - While receiving a call you need to slide the thumb upwards which gives you better grip , unlike android which offers sidewards slide. - Due to up-down accessibility U.I ,even with very large screen one can reach any app by sliding it near to the phone bottom which offers a better phone grip. (It is an dark horse intelligence- hats off to M.S Windows 8 for this simple yet effective thinking - Brilliant ) - Free 7GB cloud storage - Zero headache of virus - Free full M.S Office suit - Windows 8 is good for those who likes their home screen live, moving and animated. Now criticism, ==Cons of Nokia== - No flash - Less battery back-up - Average quality headphones - Not USB charger ==Cons of Windows== - Most biggest and hurting con is less apps. (But most popular apps are available) - Less customization of phone. - Can't set wallpaper (though lock screen is your space but sill hard to accept it) and themes. - There is an issue of duplicate media files (pictures, music, videos) when you remove and insert your SD card more than once. ( very poor ) - Vibration and ringtone do not execute simultaneously. So longer the ringtone time between vibration is more so you can't feel vibration while driving. For nice balance you need to set a ringtone which is 4 sec long. So after every 4 sec you feel vibration. But if you set a song of say 25 sec as a ringtone you can hardly feel vibration 2 times. - Bigggggg Issue. - This phone is very much FACEBOOK oriented. Looks like marketing of FB. - Less accent Colors and only few of them are appealing. ==Neutral== - Don't expect compass and gyroscopic sensors at this price. ==Overall== - This is a nice low budget phone. - Good for those who are first time smart phone buyer. Worth Each RBI Page. - Most suitable for those who have an average phone usage. - Use this phone to its max potential you won't regret. - And more than anything you get Trust of Nokia, Refreshment of Windows, Looks of Lumia. My Rating considering the price at which Nokia sell it somewhere between 4.5 and 5. This will be a cult phone like Nokia 1100, Nokia 3310 and Nokia 6600.
wait for lumia 525 with 1 gb ram and even cheaper than lumia 520 launching soon in india........................................................................................................................
Almost Excellent! ...i purchased this as a gift for my father and he loves this mobile ..its battery power is excellent
Nokia has always been my trusted brand when it comes to mobiles, I have been a fan of nokia as they are sturdy, amazing screen clarity and least software issues when it came to Symbian. Was a bit hesitant at Windows OS on phones but then phones in 7K and 8K with a good screen was worth trying and now I am happy that I purchased 520. It has all the stuff I need though I would say Nokia Here is a bit buggy compared to Google Maps. When it comes to voice clarity during phone calls or music, it's simply great. I am constantly on field riding my bike with headphones hanging loosely around and the other people never hear any disturbance compared to my samsung phones. Windows OS is yet in infant mode so there is not much of entertainment options like games but the basic one's are there so no complaints.
I am trying to hang the phone for 7 days by playing asphalt airbourne and temple run,listening to music,surfing internet,watching video,and calling with line simultaneously.But my problem is this phone still shows a fantastic performance and battery life while a number of back ground task in on with heavy usage.So my question is HOW TO HANG IT PLEASE TELL ME AS I KNOW ALL ANDROID PHONES EXCEPT HTC ONE SERIES HANGS HORRIBLY WHILE MULTITASKING.WHAT A PHONE..............BUDGET RAW HOUSE FROM NOKIA. Well any one wants to know how to share videos in windows phone via bluetooth then just move all videos including recorded and downloaded to camera roll folder then your videos will shown as recorded in camera roll then you will able to share it via bluetooth or nfc whatever.
Hello All, The phone is awesome. Just one problem, why it shows loading whenever we enter into any app or even messaging....
I bought this phone for my girl friend to free her from the clutches of her old Blackberry. So, I got a chance to explore this beautiful phone myself too. What I liked ? 1. A very good UI different from Android and iOS for people who are looking for a change. 2. A controlled OS to make sure nothing goes wrong more like iOS, Blackberry and unlike Anrdoid Pros: 1. A very beautiful UI 2. Decent performance so far 3. Less complicated to use 4. Probably a better battery (have to test a couple more times to confirm this) 5. Tiles feature Cons: 1. Very very few notable apps. 2. Lot of garbage third party apps as alternatives to the popular ones. 3. Doesn't give enough chance to organize the stuff (icons, shortcuts etc) and so may take time to get to the app one wants Hopefully, Micrsoft makes its plans to bring more apps to the store and I'm sure people are ready to buy more and more Windows phones specifically Nokia. :)
There are times when I might look back at my purchases with regrets but never ever with this beauty. Pros: 1. Free Music. Unlimited downloads from anything Nokia Music can search for. 2. Colour display is so sharp. 3. Apps are brilliant and worth the usage. 4. The calender app is my fav as I have a lot to run around. Keeps me updated on my daily logs too. Cons: 1. The earphones which came along were shit.
Hi I am using this phone for last 1 month and happy about the performance.As I already used the android phone I can feel the difference.So I am writing this to help you to find you best phone in this range. Advantage 1 Look wise very good and easy to operate And a very good phone for the first time smart phone user. 2 Speed is very good considering 512 MB Ram. 3 Good Camera quality and It is ready for the second shots in few seconds. Dis Adv: 1 No front camera . 2 I really like the apps belongs to Microsoft Corporation and Nokia but others has to improve,this is really the drawback but you can get all regular apps for your windows phone such as CRICINFO,IRCTC,GMAIL,YAHOO,TIME OF INDIA ,WHATS APP,RED BUS etc.
- Good battery backup for 1300mah. - Very good connectivity (Even with BSNL) which was not working with my previous android mobiles - Touch is smooth. - Appealing square design Gr8 product from Nokia
This review is for the Nokia Lumia 520 (Cyan). I received my order within 24 hours of placing it. I feel Flipkart delivers mobiles at lightning speed. And I am very pleased and thankful for their prompt delivery. There have been enough reviews on the specifications and other user reviews on this product. I am often asked the question, "Which phone should I buy?" And I ask them the question, "What do you really want in a phone?" You could buy a really expensive phone and not have what you need in it, or get all that you are looking for in a much cheaper phone. You can read the hardware specifications of this phone yourself, and compare it to other phones in the market. Yes, it has only one camera, so if you are going to use Skype to video chat, you may need to stand in front of a mirror. The music speaker seems to be at the back of the phone, which I found unusual. I have been an Android phone user previously. I was wary of migrating to Windows Phone because I heard that the app market for Windows Phones is much smaller. Secondly, I had used a Zune previously, and even though it had a great UI, the hardware failed in a year. This is what made me wary of using a 'Windows' Phone. Why I decided to migrate from Android to Windows: - The Android phone (I was using) was a good phone but the newer Android OS versions seemed to lag it down. I believe the new OS release Android KitKat may alleviate some of these problems in the near future. - Some of the third party apps greatly contributed to the lag. The best features of Nokia Lumia 520 Windows phones according to me/ Reasons why you should buy this phone: #1 Music: Nokia Mix Radio I can't believe this is not advertised more. I am a music junkie, and had I known that there is an unlimited subscription to Nokia Mix Radio (for 3 months), I would have migrated a long time ago. As a subscriber, you can download all your favorite music to your phone. You can also make a Mix Radio station from which you can hear music offline. #2 Maps: Here Maps There is Here Driving - a voice navigator, and Here Maps. The great feature here is that you can download maps to your phone, and use them even if you are offline. #3 Photography: The 5 mega pixel camera is nothing to write home about. But check out Nokia's camera apps. There is Cinemagraph, Creative Studio, Nokia Smart Cam, Panorama, Photo Beamer - this makes photography a lot of fun. There is no Instagram app yet, but for that you can use 6tag which is pretty similar. #4 MS Office: You can view Powerpoint presentations, and edit Excel spreadsheets and Word documents using this phone. This phone also has Microsoft One Note, a lot like Evernote. Well, these are some of my favorite features of this phone. If you are an avid gamer, I don't know if this phone would be for you. The games on the Windows store seem less compared to those on Google Play (but this may change too). I did play Six Guns, and Halo: Lite which worked fine for me. Though at 4 inches the screen size seems a tad small for graphically intensive games. And no there is no Grand Theft Auto on the Windows Store right now. I think graphically intensive games are best enjoyed on tablets or larger screens. Well, this is my personal opinion, I reviewed the features that really stood out for me in this phone.
Bought it for my father. So, wanted a phone that is easy to operate, has good signal reception and adequate volume. The standard smart phone features like mail, social networking apps and navigation where not very high in the priority, nevertheless they work smoothly on this phone. Ordered it through MobileCentral since they had higher rating than other sellers and at the same time lowest price (Rs 7999/- at the time of purchase). The over all experience shipping time (3 days), packaging good, and item in factory sealed box. The piece that I got already had the newer Lumia Amber update. So that means normal FM radio is also working, though it is not there in the description on the Flipkart. Used the Windows OS for the first time on a phone and I am pleased at the ease of operation. Personally I uses Android (Galaxy Nexus). Fully recommend this phone.
I had been an avid fan of android-ism and still remain the same. But should we compare apples to Oranges?? so Nokia hits right on the sweet-spot of the market with sub 10k category without compromising much on the quality of the product. The Phone feels well built for its class and does stand out! Or At least the black 520 does with its Rubberized finish on the back. The bezel is a little thicker but that should not be a reason to worry. Switch on the phone and you are greeted with the windows phone picture. The OS was a little refreshing for me having used android for a much long time and looked cheerful. The live tiles are an added advantage. The market place does have enough apps to keep an average user going as almost all social, messaging & lifestyle apps are available. Unless you are looking to drill the phone down to its last bit I don't think 520 will disappoint you. The interface is quite fluid and works like a charm. I do not believe in mobile cameras as my primary imaging device until I keep shooting every now and then. Hence a 5MP will be more than sufficient for my occasional pics. I guess most mobile cameras for that sake suffers in low light / night modes. Even though they are equipped with hi-tech specs. Id rather choose my SLR/Point & Shoot for Imaging. The processor works seamless with no lag on any apps. Telephony & audio quality are excellent, you may have to ditch the Nokia earphones though. This phone is a definite recommend for people who need a phone on the go for telephony, social networking, a change from android with a smaller budget. Absence of flash and a primary camera may be a letdown to many but at this price point and the offers I guess 520 is a clear winner.
I purchased this phone 5 days back from a Nokia Priority Store and it has been working well since then. I don't want to comment on what other people think about Windows Phone, I am just going to write about my personal experience with the cheapest Lumia Boy. Ok, so this first thing that you notice about this phone is its UI, undoubtedly the most stylish UI right now in the market. At the first instance you will wonder as to how difficult and confusing it is to use the phone but withing 60 mins of usage you will realize that it is very simple yet very stylish. Precisely speaking here are the Pros and cons, Pros:- 1. 1 Ghz Dual Core processor which is pretty fast the phone doesn't lag while moving from one page/app/folder to the other, its pretty much smooth. 2. A nice simple 5 MP Camera, the picture quality in the dark isn't so great because it lacks a flash but in normal light it has better picture quality as compared to other 5 MP camera phones. And yes the image stabilization is below average so you cannot afford to be shaky while taking pics but being a Rs. 9K phone that is ok. 3. The Store or as we call it the Market is nice, the number of apps is little but all the useful apps are present and it looks really really classy. 4. A 4 inches big screen gives it a great look, you never actually feel you are holding a 9K phone, the resolution is much better than any phone within 15K. It feels rich and bright. Cons:- 1. Battery life is not so great, moderate usage of 4-5 hours is what you get with its 1430 mAh battery. 2. Camera button has to be pressed really very hard to click pictures. There are many other pros and cons but since I have been using it for the past 5 days so these are the major things that I have observed. I previously used an android of similar range from Samsung and this phone is much better than it, it doesn't feel monotonous as Androids do. Its time that we try something different and the upcoming Windows 8 Amber is going to be a revolution
I bought this phone from flipkart.com 1 month ago. I was really lucky as i got it at much lesser price than it shows. (thanks to my ICICI bank debit card). :D And the delivery was on 2nd day of order. (Thanx to flipkart.com) :) Now coming to the phone. As of my experience till now the phone has stood out to be the greatest device in this price range. 512 MB RAM, 1 GHz Dual Core Processor, 5 MP camera with auto focus n 720 pixels HD recording ( Yes, It records videos in HD). Awesome gaming experience ( Temple Run works). Those were some of the highlights of the wonder device from NOKIA. Yes, Its a value for money phone. You get subscription to NOKIA Music, BigFlix, Here Drive n HERE Maps for free ( All 4 things are just amazing and worth using) Wi-Fi is very good. Whatsapp, WeChat, Live, Kik (All Messangers) runs without any difficulties. The touch screen is super awesome. I bet you wont find touch screen as good as this in even 20K price range. The store has many apps. And all are good. Many developers are concentrating on Windows Phone Store now a days so the count will keep increasing. The phone has a little problem. 1. It doesn't has Bluetooth Sharing. 2. The Music Player volume control sometimes stop working. You have to restart the phone to fix it. In all i will highly recommend this phone to all people having budget 10K. :) :)
I recently bought this for my Father in law, he is happy with the product. Windows 8 platform is very stable and i believe if people try this out, it may become a Phone OS which could definately give competition to Android or iOS. Nokia's Hardware for this, its not bad condisering the price i paid for it. The screen touch response is good, which i cannot say for the Lumia 720 i bought and returned back to the seller in 3 days. Overall, the Nokia Lumia 520, is a good buy, you wont be dissapointed with the operating system.
I am in love with phone !! Got it for my girlfriend on her birthday :)n she loves it.. This phone has so much to offer :) - Windows 8 running on at minimum cost. - Games are running really good on 512 MB ram. - For Music lover , it has everything available on Nokia store :) Just download your favorite song for free. - 'Here Maps' are still in maturing state,but yes offline map feature will surely able to help you when no signal is there ;-) - Sleek and design will give you feel of having a cool smart phone. No Front Camera let people think few times that you can't make video calls,but just to clear air ,you can make video calls using back camera.(Using Mirror is another trick) Camera feature of capturing images under dark or low light really amazed me :) (No Flash Ofcourse ) If you are looking something other than crowd of android at low range,go for it i will say !!
After my 10 weeks of usage: A 1 GHz Dual Core Processor and 512 MB RAM, Super sensitive touch, an above average battery, 4 inch screen, surprisingly good camera even without flash, 8 GB internal memory and one of the most user friendly OS. Guys, this Nokia Device doesn't need a review. It has absolutely no competition. Its a complete Value For Money device. Its Take it or Leave it. As simple as that. Minor problem: WP8 needs some of the basic apps such as gtalk and 3rd party apps such as those from Banks, irctc, ngpay etc. Flipkart gave a satisfactory service. Device reached me in 3 days time.
2 Months Have Passed Having Lumia 520 Time To Write A Review PROS : *Phone looks uLtimate...Better Than Galaxy And Xperias And Iphones *4'' IPS Display Is Vivid In Colours... No Pixelation Nothing Just Crisp and Smooth Like Butter..... Ssuper sensitive touch is Really awesome Better display Than GALaxy grand and canvas hd *APPS : TEMPLE RUN WORKS AWESOMELY ULTIMATE..WP8 ROCKS AND All the Best Apps and games are arriving day by day.Like jetpack joyride , *1080P playback is cool.No lags..720P Recording is obviously good *512Mb Of ram with 1ghz dual core snapdragon s4 MSM8227..With adreo 305 gpu...wat to say same chipset and gpu are used in Xperia L , L720 L620 HtC 8S *WP8 Really Rocks Live tiles are great..No lags in phone nothing.. *5 mp camera Is Best In Class with auto foucus * Internt is very fast *WFI is best *Charges very fast *Battery backup what to say .... BESTEST *Sound is loud and clear *8GB Internal memory WOW 5.71 gb usable *Prce of phone is very fair..Cheap But Phone is Not cheap Its GEM *Proxmity ensor good Now some lil cons (No cons for the price and hardware) : * No Fronf dacng camera *No Flash in camera Just For two cons dont eave the phone....The main diff b/w L520 AND L620 Is of front cam and flash rest are useless features....But even i had a choc for 520 or 620 i woud defintly go for 520 only coz 620 Looks girlYyy,..And its scren is smaller 3.8 inch
Great little phone for the price .. I have seen people complain about stuff ... Stop nitpicking this is a budget phone .. For a budget phone it delivers amazingly ... If you want more go up the product chain and pay more ... Pros Great nokia apps .. This is the biggest advantage over android... Nokia Drive rocks... Large screen with clear display Decent battery life Ease of use Cons None that I could come across.. Buying experience from flipkart - not bery good took over 7 working days and multiple calls from me to finally get the phone delivered... To top it all they deleted my earlier review.. I did get a call from them apologizing for the delay with assurance that the will put efforts to sort this out ... Clearly this is not the same flipkart and scale is something they are not being able to control... You will lose out to competition if u use the same channels as the competition ... The flipkart self delivery service was amazing... While I understand the need to remove negative comments in the interest of business .. Each time you lose the trust of a customer and today we have multiple channels with far reaching impact through social media... Next time my review is deleted it will be posted on Facebook with most of my friends clicking the share option... You can't delete those ... It would be better you respond with clarification on the original post ... Or mention you can put a bad review on the product. But anything negative on flipkart is not allowed and will be deleted ..
If you are more into working in Microsoft products this is the right phone. Read, view and update on the go. Tools in it are the right one if you more of a person that are into recruiting and accounts, with an outlook account things get even better with access to Skydrive where you can save your documents.
every gadget has its own pro's n cons. but this fone is really very much delectable and worth giving a shot. there are few discrepancies which are needed to be paired but yes.. they not at all affect the performance of fone. we cant expect anything better in this budget. OS is awesome, Display is superb, Touch is unbeatable. n i think being a comparatively new OS its discrepancies will be sorted out very soon by Microsoft. i am loving this fone. would suggest to buy it and have a great deal of satisfaction in this price range. just compare its specs with htc, samsung, sony fones of even 15k range. u will just have a smile on ur face. :) rating: 4.5/5
I have been using this phone for last 1week. first coming to the.. PROS: -UI is excellent.no lag. -4inch IPS display simply superb.viewing angles are too good.but it consumes more battery like 15% extra when compared to normal display.but that's fine nokia managed it by 1430mAh battery. -Dual core.512mb RAM.can do much more with this configuration in future. -storage is awesome:8GB internal memory in which 4.8 GB is available for user.u can expand it to 64GB by micro SD card and you have 7 GB sky drive so no problem for memory..:) -looks are really good.it look similar to its bigger brothers(820/920 because the edges are sharp n size) -Here maps,Here transit,Here drive app rocks trust me u will never lost(if u have a net connection).Here transit is amazing.. -5MP camera with auto focus....720p video recording and you can add some more apps to your lens. CONS: -battery backup is not so good but its OK.For continues use(browsing,playing games,installing apps/games,whats app,facebook,some calls,texts etc) it gives a descent backup of 5-6hrs max. -no back light for keys.it is not much important but it gives smart look. -you cannot connect to the pc or laptop directly u must need to install zune software and it requires windows 7 or 8.this is not a big problem.you can take out your SD card and you can transfer your data. -No flash.No front facing camera....but you cannot ask more for the price..if you want this both go for lumia 620 but there you will get only 3.8inch screen and 4k extra and not so good in looking(it has curved edges) that's it,phone is amazing just buy it value for every penny u invest.better then android(laagy) mobiles. Some other things you have to notice: Micro sim : you can cut it by your own watch videos in youtube or else u can cut it by a sim cutter. For screen: Buy a matte screen protector this phone has scratch resistant but it is safe if you have a screen guard i prefer matte because it has got scratch resistant,no reflections and anti fingerprints(this is most important). Bought it from ebay for 150rs. Ear phones: You have to buy another one..as you know the one in the pack is waste. coming to apps...**improved**..you have all the apps which are most important. OS: You have a unique and a bit costly OS...android(2.3) will get for a price range of 3k and window 7.5 starting from 9000(i.e lumia 510) Flipkart: As per now(offer) you will be getting 8GB sand disk micro SD card for free. delivered with in 3 days..nice packing...thanks flipkart :) phone build quality: 9/10 screen : 10/10 navigation : 10/10 battery : 7/10 camera : 10/10 UI : 9/10 overall 9/10 Go ahead, buy this phone value for money.
The phone was delivered in just 20 hours at my place! The service is just excellent by flip kart (as usual). Now about the phone. At 9500 this phone is a steal, the os is buttery smooth and the camera is just great, it takes clean images and produces the accurate colours, the display is very bright and vivid, colours are just fantastic on the display, the phone is lightweight too. Windows 8 os is a fresh change against ios and android. The capacitive touch is good as any apple or Samsung high end devices, and the bonus is you get the Super Sensitive touch on this phone and this feature works just great, you can use gloves to operate the screen and does not require the human touch always.The nokia maps and nokia drive is very very accurate, (just like google maps), the phone looks very smart and has a clean design which will appeal to all age groups, In short you will get a complete package in just 9500 rs. I strongly recommend this phone.
I was a little dicey to go for a windows phone as it was my first smartphone. All my friends are on android. However i can say one things is that this phone is awesome. turned a lot of heads where ever i went Super smooth interface very good screen camera is good in daylight light weight the only cons on this phone are the cam does not have flash no front facing camera i don't think any phone comes close to Lumia 520 in this price range. Thumbs up to nokia
Just bought it from Flipkart. Good smartphone. Pros:Nokia music Dual core processors HD video recording Looks very Slim and handy and many more..... Cons:Low light images(No Flash!!!!) No front camera
Hi everyone this is really an awesome phone but with liitle cons 1) heat(little warm) is building up below camera.. But after an usage of three days now I feel better 2)battery backup is around 4 to 5 hours if you are on internet. 3)price at retail shops are less than flipkart don't fell prey for 8 gb memory card 4)though essential apps are there still apps are needed one pros 1)touch sensitivity is super 2)display is clear and looks sharp 3)windows UI really different experience 4)though it lacks flash camera apps are making it to forget about that And guys, it supports micro sim only so be ready with that and cases are little difficult to find i think in e bay cases are there.
I have been a big technology fan right from my childhood. Admiring those sleek MP3 players, electronic toys, and anything that came up on the scene; I have grown up to be a tech geek. Which is why, it isn’t surprising that when it came to smartphones, I wanted one that was absolutely cutting-edge. Yet, there were budget constraints that limited my options. But, when Nokia came out with the Lumia 520, I knew it would be the best gadget to invest my hard-earned money into. I got myself the Lumia 520 a few weeks ago, and it has been a totally fun ride ever since. On the aesthetics front, my Lumia 520 is a total eyeball-grabber with its vibrant colour (mine’s yellow!) and sleek build. Having a passion for clicking snaps when and where it matters, makes the 5 MP camera on my Nokia Lumia 520 absolutely priceless. It packs in features like the Cinemagraph and Smart Shoot that will put even a good digital camera to shame! I can capture that picture perfect moment with Smart Shoot as my phone clicks a series of snaps and lets me selectively choose expressions to compose the best shot. With Cinemagraph, I can make boring office snaps look so much fun and lively – like literally, as I can animate the images to replace a bland expression with a smile or a frown! Underneath the stylish exterior of my Lumia 520 is the powerful dual-core 1 GHz Snapdragon S4 processor supported by 512 MB RAM. This accelerates everything I do, and I don’t need to wait endlessly for an app to open up, or resort to shaking my phone in frustration due to hanging when multitasking. The Windows Phone 8 operating system on my Lumia 520 is a breeze to work with. Whatever qualms I had after hearing and reading a few opinions about this operating system, have wizened away after using it personally. The kind of ease and convenience Windows 8 brings to the table is unparalleled. Live Tiles bring all my contacts and their updates to my home screen, while letting me post social networking updates to social networks easily. All my favourite apps and games are also tagged to the home screen. My Lumia 520 also supports the viewing and editing of MS Office documents. Listening to music, while making the commute from home to work, is one of my favourite pastimes. With my Nokia Lumia 520, this becomes all the more enjoyable, as it features Nokia Mix Radio that offers up to 150 track lists put together by experts containing some of the best songs to have hit the billboards. I can even make up a track list on my own, take it offline and share it with my pals on Facebook! Travelling is no longer a hassle with HERE Maps, HERE Drive and HERE Transit apps. All in all, I am very proud to own the Nokia Lumia 520 smartphone. It rocks!
PROS: 4 Inch IPS LCD Display (Scratch Resistant layer on Glass) 16 Million Colours with 236 PPI (Looks Stunning - crisp texts & nice font) Smooth & Very Sensitive Capacitive touch (Excellent touch response) 1 GHz dual core processor, 512 GB RAM (Good for moderate multitasking without any lag). 5 MP Rear Camera capable of shooting 720p HD pictures & Videos @ 30 fps. Sharp Images reproduced in adequate lighting conditions Camera features Panorama, Smart shoot, Photobeamer & Cinemagraph similar to higher end Lumia series. 3G, Wifi, portable wifi hotspot, Bluetooth & MicroUSB connectivity Useful Apps like Office 365, Xbox Live, Nokia Music/Nokia Radio Mix,Nokia Store, HERE Drive & HERE Maps Integrated in Windows 8 OS Nokia Music unlimited subscription (Only data charges apply for downloading song) Compatible 3D Games runs smooth without any lag. Exchangeable/Replaceable Back cover shells Removable Battery 8 GB Internal Memory (4.7 Usable) expandable upto 64 GB through MicroSD slot +7 GB Free Skydrive Cloud Storage+Free 8 GB Sandisk MicroSD (7.23 Usable) Thin & 124g (light weight) Call Quality was very impressive (clear). Earpiece sound clarity was also very good. Very Audible (can increase volume from 1-10 step) Excellent Music & Video Player Quality Build quality of Phone is pretty good. Matte finish back cover. 1430 mAh battery is ok for a max for 10-12 hours usage (might vary depending on the usage) Loudspeaker was loud & clear (volume 1-30 step with noticeable increase in loudness in each step) ~50 crisp sounding tones inbuilt in Phone (ring/sms/alarms/email notifications) Black colour flat type earphones (with mic) reproduced OK sound quality (had bass surprisingly!),though build quality was cheap. Nokia Charger charges phone within 2 Hours of time IE 10 browser experience was good on 2G and great on 3G. Motion Sensor, Accelerometer & Auto brightness control. Sunlight Readability is OK (manageable) - if auto brightness set @ LOW level) CONS: No File Manager No LED Flash for Camera to take low light pictures No front facing VGA Camera (useful for Skype/Video Calling) No FM Radio (TuneIn Radio & Nokia Radio Mix comes pretty handy - which require online streaming over 2G/3G network) No Equaliser in Nokia Music Player No drag and drop option for music files. Playlist creation not so user-friendly Not so easy to open back cover Loudspeaker Volume setting shared same for tones/music player/notifications/alarms MKV file format not supported in Nokia Music Player SMS/Email Keypad does not support Swype mode for faster typing No Flash Support (Live images do not appear while browsing) Images needs to be manually downloaded/clicked every time on IE 10 (it says " internet images are blocked" ) PDF Reader does not come as a default App on Window 8 OS (Free download available on Nokia Store) Group messaging works in MMS mode ONLY not in SMS mode :( No regular SIM support, instead requires MicroSIM. BL-4J 1430 mAh has small battery life (8-10 Hours in a day max),not impressive under high usage conditions (Wifi/3G/downloads/heavy gaming) - would last 6 hours max and would need to charge battery twice a day. Battery saving option does not really seem to work or save/conserve battery life. Its just a feature/gimmick I believe. No light under the capacitor touch (windows keys) which is very important in the smart phones. SIM contact back up VCF format of Android not compatible/recognized on Windows 8 OS. No Noise cancelling microphone on back cover Cannot Toggle Rotation in Video Mode (Default is Landscape) On my first day of usage, I did observe little warming up issue (no heating) exactly in between the camera lens and Nokia logo on the back cover. But on 2nd & 3rd day, did not observe any heating issues. I believe, it's Application dependent, may be "WhatsApp" & few resource hungry apps would put quite a load on the processor resulting instant & prolong heat up. I was able to download pdf files & photos attached in Gmail to my Phone's SD card.I was able to attach 3 photos in gmail and was able to send it successfully to my friends.Nokia Lumia 520 is only compatible with MicroSIM. Any local retailer shop will help cut/convert your regular sim into MicroSIM for Rs.50 Note the left out plastic is used as an adapter to place/insert MicroSIM in your old phones (no need to spent additional bugs for adapter). Overall Windows 8 OS GUI looks very appealing, though not so customizable when compared to Android. I would definitely recommend this phone to all the Android users who are fed up of the lag issues & to users who are new to Windows phones.Frankly, at a price point of 10.5 K, list of cons look minute and ignorable, since there are lot of great features in this phone appealing to be experienced & appreciated. Excellent Value for Money product from Nokia & Microsoft.Thanks to great touch response, colours, bright screen & smooth Hardware.Best seller in the current mobile market. Good Come back by Nokia !
I ll write Cons first 1) Gets switch-off once-twice in a week without reason and when ppl call it is still ringing. U have to take out battery and restart again. 2) Apps for WP8 still a long way to go. FB app by Microsoft is so so awful. Hardly works. WhatsApp is ok till now. 3) Data Usage / Data Sense counter not available which is I think a must when we are using packs. Does anyone know a good solution for this? Pros: 1) Fluid Windows8 interface 2) Look and feel is elegant of the hardware and the software 3) Nokia Music / Video play 4) Value for money Hopefully, Microsoft gears up and fixes the error and Apps problems.
I have bought this phone before some days. This is really a good phone within the price range. I like the build quality, performance of Windows 8 OS, Features. Hardware and Processor very good. The resolution is excellent. Very good product from Nokia.
I was really surprised to see the build quality and quality of the phone. Below are the following prosof the phone 1.)Good UI 2.)Comparable apps with Android 3.)No issues with speed so far 4.)Very good look 5.)Built quality excellent Regards Shailendra
Have been using this mobile for a week now. Bought it for my mother in a local retail shop as delivery time here is very high. However, stock is not available anywhere now, such is the demand for this mobile. As already mentioned, I had to gift a mobile for my mom with decent camera and a decent screen. I was a bit concerned about the ease of use of Windows 8 but its not that difficult to use. I'm a stong android supporter and developer but still I'm rating this mobile 5 stars just because its competitive price and very few negative points. As the specs are alread mentioned, i'll just mention some things I observed about this mobile. 1. Accessories not yet available. However, I could manage to get a screen guard. Once accessories come into market, you'll be able chenge tha back cases for whichever color you like. 2. Flash is not there which is a let down but we can't expect flash for this price. Camera and display during day time is very good. 3. Loving the browsing expereince. 4. App store doesn't have much apps. Excpet for fw photo editing/sharing apps and social network apps, there are very less apps which are good and free. Some useful apps like youtube downloader are paid apps. The quality of apps is also very low.Need to improve a lot in this place. 5. Battery is ok. 1 day life for 1 hour Wi-fi, 1 hour music and videos through speaker and 30mins of calls. Decent enough for normal usage. 6. Speaker of the phone is not at all good. I was disappointed with its output. 7. I'm having issues with recieving files through bluetooth. Its having severe issues while connecting to other android mobiles. Don't know if its happening only for me. 8. Videos of mp4, wmv and avi format are only supported. You need to convert other format videos to view them in your phone. Use free software called "Format factory" to convert any video to mp4 format. Badly missing app like MXPlayer(in android) that supports all video formats. 9. You need not have any software like Zune installed to transfer music or any other file. Just connect the phone to PC, browse to "Windows Phone" through My Computer and copy files to appropriate Music, Video or Pictures folders. 10. File manager apps are also missing. 11. It has a micro SIM slot. So, people who are waiting for delivery can keep their SIMs ready by making them cut into micro SIM size. 12. One peculiar thing I observed in this OS is the default music app doesn' have any option to seek music. You cannot forward a music file while its playing. Either listen to it entirely or go to next song. very weird that it doesn't have such a small and basic thing. Worst thing is, there are no alternative music players available in the app store. Overall, its a great phone for this price. You can't expect anything more. If some changes and tweaks are done by microsoft to he OS, this will surely be a good competition for Android. More apps and more freedom in OS will turn this phone into best one in this price range. Eagerly waiting for Samsung' reply to this mobile. HTC, Sony and Samsung will surely bleed if they don't release some good phone in this price range very soon. This could be a comeback for Nokia but depends on how good Windows 8 performs and how it is improved in the furture updates.
Worthy buying this phone.. Superb camera quality(low light shots are incredibly good) Good battery backup smooth functioning Nokia Lumia 520 Pros: + 7GB free Sky Drive storage. + HD video recording. + Excellent Design. + Fast Dual-core processor. + Low-range Windows 8 Phone. Nokia Lumia 520 Cons: - Lacks Secondary Camera for video calls. - No flash for Primary Camera. It is one of the best phone launched this year
Well, if I look back over the last 6-7 years, I haven't craved for anything like I did for the release for this beauty. Initially I was about to order 620, thankfully before doing that, I got to know about the release of 520 & 720. Much to my surprise, within 10 days the pre-order started for this. Ever since I booked this phone, I kept on coming to flipkart everyday at least 10 times in order to see the status of this. The moment I got to know about that my phone has reached Chennai, I was like over the moon. Because the amount of time I shed before deciding upon which one to buy was enormous. I can't afford IOS, don't like Android, wanted to settle with this. But IMHO, this is much better than IOS. Don't talk about the h\w specs of apple with this, but the o/s is as smooth as butter. Lively tiles. extraordinary camera features, brilliant music output with headphones on (not with the mediocre one you get with the phone). Well, that's the only drawback, but I can take that. It's not only time to switch to LUMIA, it's time to stay with Lumia for the next few years, When the Android manufacturers ain't ready to give the option to upgrade, this is a steal. Windows 8 & Nokia is as good as Dhoni & Raina in the final overs. Highest quality of entertainment guaranteed.
Buy a cheap android phone with 1 gb internal memory, low resolution. 800 MHZ porcessor, and, the plans to install your favorite apps from the Google play will smash on their own. In fact, no phone in this segment can match Lumia 520. 8 GB of internal memory with dual core processor. What else can u expect from a budget phone. Instagram has arrived as instagraph and so has the temple run. Believe me, you ll get all the apps that you can will need. What makes it better is the app interface and the the smoothness of windows phone 8. Dont be a sheep and buy Android shi* just for the sake of it. it's time to move on Confession: I have bee using Windows phone 8 for 2 months and no way I can go back to Android again. The interface is appealing. WP8 is a mart, efficient and a sold OS. And, with Nokia's blessing, you ll have absolutely nothing to complain about. Oh wait, did I not tell you about Nokia Music? The reason I cannot live without my Lumia is Nokia music. You get unlimited download for an year. Download high quality music for free on you PC or phone. Completely legit and bid adieu to prated media. There is so much about Lumia and windows phone 8 that makes these devices amazing.
I pre-ordered this phone on flipkart and was so skeptical about its performance and quality. Before it was in the market, before i heard user opinions and before i could physically try one at a store, i took the risk to order this phone. Given that its advertised to be the "budget phone" i was a little concerned, what quality i would get. It got delivered to me today (thanks Flipkart! that was really quick) and all my apprehensions proved to be wrong. Butter smooth interface, fantastic build quality and of course the trust you have built with Nokia. If you bought a mobile phone any time between 2003 and 2008, pretty sure it was Nokia and you know what it means about Nokia's reliability. I am yet to explore so many options. Still i can say, absolutely no android phone there in the market will give you this satisfaction. If you do not care about LED flash and front-camera, just go for it without thinking any further. You will not repent.
1. virus made to attack andoid os r far more than any other mobile os and no antivirus in android can fully protect you if u wanna watch porn on mobile. and since android is already laggy , an antivirus makes it worse( exprience se bata raha hu). 2. 10000 ki range m is mobile ka touch best h. agar appka product faulty h to check karao. 3. daylight m photo n video quality is just awesm. and yes low light m acha nai and front facing nai h. 4. android+crome(10000 ki range m)= laggggggg but windows 8+ie= silk smooth 5. thats y live tiles r given to replace notification center, and fyi notification center b aa raha h windows 8.1 m jo early 2014 m realese hogi. 6. ms office use karna nai aata tumhe shayad. 7. yes video formats kam support karta h. 8. popular games like temple run badi smoothly chalti h , appka product faulty hoga shayad. 9. har phone heat generate karta h games khelne pe. 10. yes apps paid h ye problem h. 11. fm august m gdr2 update k sath aa jayega (stay updated). 12.10000 ki range m iski battery is much better than others. FYI windows 8 squeezes less battery than android. and try to learn battery saving tricks 13.10000 ki range m koi b company omoled screen nai deti, not even samsung. 14. samsung 10000 ka phone 480*320 ka resolution deta h, shayad aapke liye 800*480 kam h 480*320 se.....dansity b jada hi h. 15. life cycle of windows 8 has been extended to early 2016. enjoy dude aur abi fayde to bataye hi nai h, ye to bas appki queries ko shant karne k liye
It has only been a couple of days since I have been using this and I would ask all my fellow buyers to give this phone a chance. I had been using Samsung Galaxy Y before this and I am very amazed with the overall design performance and looks of this phone. Samsung and especially Android does not stand anywhere between the integrations of Nokia and Windows Phone 8 OS. The specifications are impressive too and can easily defeat any low budget Android phone from Samsung, Micromax and others. And thanks Flipkart for the 8 GB memory card.
HArdware supports FM radio ..it wil b activated in the next os update(GDR2). Nokia wil b bringin the features frm N9..double tap to unlock screen n always on clock. :) Nokia lumia the amazing everyday..go for it !!!!! the best phone at this price.
This comes from a Loyal Nokia Fan for last 10 years...... trust me guys this phone is worth my wait for such a long time;The so called Smart phone biggies Samsung,HTC,Sony,BB,Karbon, Micromax you know what...just wait and watch, how Nokia will Expel you out of the Market. "what goes around comes around" and I'm truly happy for Nokia because you are back with a Bang with the Windows Lumia series !!! I'm Loving it............. Super Duper Happy:)
I have been using this phone for last 3-5 days and am quite disappointed with it...maybe the frustration will pass with time, but sincerely regret the decision to buy this model. 1) For starters it does not have Speed dialing- a must in any phone for those 9 numbers frequently being called. 2) (a) When you plug in your Head phone, there is no Auto answering feature at all to take an incoming call especially when driving or on the move....very painful to unlock the phone, slide up the default screensaver and then touch the answer key on the display....Man it's one hell of a nuisance doing all these while on the move. (b) The original headset is so pathetic that it does not even have a disconnect/answer button nor does it have a provision to pin/clip onto your collar. You have to dangle the wires from your ears all the time or hang over your shoulders...what a nuisance this is can be only personally experienced. 3) Battery life is pathetic --with the new battery it hardly lasted about 4-5 hours whereas on my previous E 63 I could go thru the whole day with the same usage pattern !!! If you want to save on battery life, then you switch over to the battery saver where the emails,etc then get downloaded only manually. What a farce this is ! 4) So far I have been unable to transfer anything other than my Contacts from E63 to this Lumia 520 thru Bluetooth....in fact even the Nokia Technical Customer care has now taken time to check how to do this...I am typing this review in between the time they have asked me to check how and if this can be done. 5) I am unable to connect my Nokia PC Suite version 7.1 with the Lumia 520 even though it says so on the Nokia site. I was attempting a transfer of text messages from the E63 to the Lumia 520 thru this route, but I keep getting a message that the Lumia 520 is connected in a file transfer mode and not in a PC Suite mode. Unfortunately there does not seem to be any way to choose such an option on the L 520 as no such screen appears when you connect the PC and the L520 with the usb cable given with the package. 5) It is much faster for browsing and on the Internet, has a much better music reproduction than the E63. Not sure whether there is any possibility of getting FM radio on this. The cost was only Rs 8900/- from Flipkart but I definitely miss my simple and so logical handling of my E63. On the whole my first 5 days usage of the Nokia Lumia 520 is a definite nightmare...if I could turn back the clock, I would definitely not buy this Model for all the above reasons.
A person should pre-book his lumia only if he enjoys getting "Frustrated " "annoyed" and finds its "Thrilling" in calling up the customer service on a day 2 day basis to get the same kind of answers... And yes this continues till the next model is up on a pre-booking mode.
Nokia Lumia 520 smartphone, learning vital tips and tricks are essential for getting the most out of your device. Powered by a a 1GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor the 520 features 512Mb of RAM, 8GB of built in storage and is capable of taking up to 64GB of expandable storage. The 520 also boasts a 5 megapixel autofocus camera capable of capturing videos at HD 720p at 30frames per second. Fitted with a 4 inch IPS LCD WVGA display which carries an 800 x 480 pixels resolution, the Lumia is also equipped with a super sensitive touch technology designed for fingernail and glove when you need to use your phone on those cold days. 1. How to Factory reset - It is fair that this will remove all your data from your phone so it is advised that you do a backup of all your important data before. There are two methods for doing a factory reset, >>First method : First go to Start Applications list Settings Scroll to the bottom and choose “About.” Select “reset your phone.” Then select “Yes.” >>The second method : First press and hold the Camera, Volume and Power buttons all at the same time. Then release the Power button when the phone vibrates but continue to hold the Camera and Volume Down. When the Format prompt is displayed on the screen, release the Camera button and Volume Down Then press Windowsbutton twice to confirm. 2. Get Directions to a location - Start from the home screen. Then go to Apps Go to Maps Select Directions Then enter a place of interest or address or Press Go. Then choose either Walking or Driving. The Lumia 520 will then calculate a route. To show real-time traffic information, select the More button and select Show Traffic. 3. How to resume game download errors - What’s annoying is when you try to download a game from the marketplace and the download stops and an error occurs, to resume the download: Open the Marketplace tile Choose Games. Find the game that is having the problem and select ‘Check install’. Then when you’re in the Marketplace downloads screen long-press on the error and choose ‘try again’ 4. Lenses - In your Nokia Lumia 520 one of its attraction pieces is the addition of lenses. With lenses the capabilities of the camera are modified, with Nokia specific options coming in the form on Cinemagraph and City Lens. Go to the camera user interface Open up the lenses menu and also switch between any installed lenses by pressing the twin arrow icon Hitting the ‘find more lenses’ option will also bring up a wide and new and interesting lenses to download and add to the 520’s camera repertoire. 5. To get accents while typing in non-English languages - Press and Hold the appropriate character. For example if you want the French “A” with an accent, press and hold the a button. 6. How to Make Your Nokia Lumia 520 a Wi-Fi Hotspot - Ever imagine how you can make your own Nokia Lumia 520 a WiFi hotspot? Well, sure you can. This feature allows for your other devices to pick up your mobile hotspot settings on your Nokia Lumia 520. This is more preferable when you’re in public trying to locate a WiFi connection. Nokia did not mention how many devices can connect to your Nokia Lumia 520, but usually it is 6-8 devices. Check out these steps for easy, convenient and a money-saver internet experience. On your Start screen, swipe left, and tap Settings. Then select Internet sharing. Switch the Sharing to On. If you want to change the name of your connection, tap Setup > Broadcast name, then enter the name. If you want to secure your Wi-Fi hotspot, then you can also type in a password for the connection. Then select the connection on the other device. >Wait for few seconds and your phone will start broadcasting its WiFi network name. Now you’re ready to connect your other device to your portable mobile wifi hotspot. 7. Turn on Caps Lock - To turn on Caps lock, double press the Shift key. To turn it off, simply double tap Shift again to disable. 8. Use Voice controls - To access Voice control, Press and Hold the Windows key. You can say things like 'Call John', 'Use Calendar', 'Find nearest restaurant' and so on. 9. How to manage the Battery on your Nokia Lumia 520 - The Nokia Lumia 520 has a neat little battery saver tool that kicks in when you’re running out of juice, meaning only the basics run in the background and your battery lasts longer. To activate the Battery Saver tool, open the main System Settings and then scroll down the list and tap on Battery Saver. The battery information it presents are the level of battery life you presently have, as well as the estimated time remaining. You can then either set the Battery Saver to activate when power is low, or you can start it immediately. 10. Direct Camera App - Phone is Locked then Hold Camera key on 3 Seconds and then start camera.
I Personally was waiting for this phone from days after its release i purchased it and iam now loving it ... before this i had nokia lumia 510 was quite good but The NOKIA LUMIA 520 serioulsy rocks n is far better than all win 7.8 phones Advantages:- 1.Windows 8 has many apps n being 1Ghz processor + 512Mbv ram need npt to worry abt app n games almost everything works , u even hav talking tom for windows which was a dream for all windows users 2. Super speed and believe me ul Love the UI(user Interface) its soo smooth . 3.Whats app is intgrated and many fixes when compared to previous windows os like u hav GRAPHICAL SMILEYS in messaging , mark n send option in bluetooth and u need not to pair with the device to send any data u just need to mark n send it . 4. Windows 8 has no seperate app for bluettoth as mentioned above its direct 5.No more problems related to zune for symncronizing as the phone is directly considderd as USB mass storage so u can connect to any PC or laptop. 6.Internal Memory 8GB is v impressive and mass memory expalndable to 64 GB 7. Compared To NOKIA LUMIA 620 This has a bigger screen the LCD capacative IPS display 8. It has smart shoot,panorama shoot , and spcl lens for low ligh Pics which the Nokia Lumia 920 has so pics are impressive even at 5 MP 9.Internet explorer 10 is awsome 10.u hav auto upload of chat, photos and contacts to skydrive ie the cloud so no need to worry on backup 11.A mior feature which the windows 7.8 was lacking was conference call even tat is included in this version of windows 8 phone. 12.u can customise the lock screen for notifications 13.battery is long lasting good backup seriously 14.SKYPE also works in this phone with just audio. 15.Games Look enhanaced with the display n the 3d accelerator 16. u can link ur lync account even and Outlook account . 17.HERE MAps r just super awsome . 18.720P HD recording for videos n it works very fine withou hickups. LASTLY THE BUILD OF THE PHONE IS AWSOME LOOKS LIKE MINI 920 FRON THE FRONT ITS V STYLISH ... UL LOVE IT FOR SURE Disadvatages:- 1.Not all Games r free .. if ur a game frak ul face a little problem 2.Headset is not having very good sound compatability so u need to switch to a new headset for better sound effects on headset REST IF I CONSIDER THIS IS THE BEST PHONE AND EVEYTHING IS SO COOL IN THIS PHONE ..... STARTING FROM THE BUILD TO THE SMOOTH OS.. I WOULD SAY GO FOR IT ....UL NEVA REGRET.. A TOUGH FIGHT FOR ANDROID NOW !!
I ORDERED IT AND GOT THE DELIVERY WITHIN 5 DAYS......PHONE PERFORMANCE IS SUPERB(IN THIS PRICE RANGE).......GOT UPDATE TO WINDOWS 8.1 WITHIN MONTH......ALL USEFUL APPS CAN BE INSTALLED EASILY....GPS IS SUPERB.....UPDATED TO HERE DRIVE ......IN A WORD JUST AWOSOME....
value for money phone .... windows 8.1 is really impressive.. no lag with 512 mb RAM and is better than 1 gb ram of android phone.. ..UI is user friendly and have added many features with update win8 to win8.1... i have also compare this phone with android Nokia xL which has more ram comparitvly yet hang while playing games ... so if u want a gud phone in price range of 7000 go for lumia 520....and if u want extra ram go for lumia 525 has 1 gb ram...and one more thing. .. a big thanks to flipkart for gud service.. . .... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Hi guys I've been using this phone for the past two months, and this is a honest review of the device. This device packs a nice Snapdragon 1.2Ghz dual core processor with 512mb RAM. You might be thinking that 512mb RAM is not sufficient for normal day to day usage. But windows phone OS is the only OS which knows how to utilize the resources given to it. And nokia's build quality has been increasing over the years. This device can make it through a whole day easily. Pros 1 The battery lasts longer than expected. 2 The music application does not affect your battery at all, seriously!! 3 Gaming is pretty good since it has an Adreno 305 GPU 4 The camera and microphone bundled with this device are absolutely amazing, while you can do 720p recording. 5 After the windows 8.1 Update, the device will literally perform much faster. 6 Cortana will not work immediately after the WP 8.1 update but that is an awesome addition! 7 Absolutely NO LAG!!, though it's a half giger. CONS 1 Might just heat uo a bit while charging or while doing some serious gaming. 2 If they had Lumia clear Black display, it would have been just awesome. 3 If they would have given flash......................my god this would have been awesome Don't blame Nokia for no flash or Windows phone for lack of apps, seriously, there are some things that windows phone can do and android cannot! Love Nokia and Microsoft for making some of the world's best Phones Love you guys PEACE!!
I am using this phone from past 6 months. Without going into specifications and details i am giving my personal experience. After extensively searching the web for 2-3 weeks i decided to go for this phone and now looking back i guess i made a good decision. My Views: The phone fits comfortably in the palm . The display is bright enough to read in sunlight. Touch is smooth and fluidic thanks to os. Pleasant Gui. Good Battery Life. Love the camera, Great daylight images. I will recommend this phone to those who wants to have a professional looking budget phone. The app store is large but not huge as android.
Lumia 520: Display 5/5 Camera 3.5/5 Speed 5/5 Many commented bad on Windows Phones bcz they just dont know how to use it. Android is user friendly but Windows gives u a colorful apps with high speed than android. 512 MB Ram is not enough for Android OS, but for Windows more than enough. This i figured it out by myself, bcz i owes both Android and Windows phones. Here some tips to Windows users: Cant u access explore - Install "Pocket File Manager" Cant u play all type of video formats - Install "Moli Player" Cant u set ur own Ringtone - Install "Ringtone Maker" Few Usefull Apps: Authenticator, Barcode Scanner, BookMyShow, Connectivity Tiles, NDTV, Note Plus, ooVoo, Plash, Tube Pro, Voice Recorder Pro+. What I liked most feature in Lumia 520: 1. Offline MAP 2. Offline MixRadio 3. Offline Bing News 4. Apps/Tiles Adjustments 5. Colorful Apps 6. Live Apps /Tiles
Lumia 520 is a cool gift from Nokia. Really a good product. I have used Samsung Tab P-6800 any many other android sets. So for Android lovers, let me tell you one genuine thing, you will feel excited before buying an android set, but after few days it will turn out into a boring stuff. The Android market comes with many apps which is of no use. The apps which Nokia provides is thoroughly checked & verified keeping in mind about the battery. Those who have misconceptions about Nokia app store, let me tell that you will get all the necessary apps which you need. Have a trust in Nokia & go for the Lumia series.
Nokia's best low budget touchscreen mobile in market for beginners Lags sometimes.. But when compared to similar specs in android line up this is the best.. Plays 1080p videos butter smooth which many android phones fails to do.. Apps r the only concern.. But windows store is growing.. Even i'm a android lover no offense.. but this is awesomatic for its price against value..
Hello, I've been using this device since four months now. I ordered it on Flipkart and got it with in 3-4 days. Windows Phone experience has been rich, Nokia hardware is just richer. Windows Phone has very neat design, accessing everything is far easier than Android. The OS itself is lightweight, so your experience with this 512 MB phone will be very much like Android devices with 1 GB of RAM. I have experienced no lags with a heavy game like Asphalt 8. Running this game on 512 MB Android device cannot be imagined. I was warned by people that there would be limited apps for a Windows Phone device, but it has proven wrong. I have all apps I need (including unexpected apps like Flipkart official app). Camera is good, HD videos are of film quality. I particularly liked the camera button using which you can do both: set focus and click. There are many software lenses available for camera including Office Lens which makes documents more readable. With Windows Phone 8.1 update the device performance is really boosted. Opening and switching between the apps is now even faster. Battery life is good, my battery runs for one day and nine hours on an average. I play games, use WiFi and mobile data. Go for this phone!
I purchased the phone around 6 months ago, am a heavy user for HSPA and WiFi combining with VoIP. It is a miraculous device, it's just got a dual core 1 Ghz and 512 Mb RAM, however none of that reflects from the performance. When I purchased the device I got with OS WP 8 Amber loaded, honestly Amber was pain in the a. Many of the applications used to keep sticking and resuming. But the table is turned now, they have upgraded the OS to WP 8 Black and alongwith comes host lot of features. Also, most of the popular app developers which include Whatsapp, Viber, Skype have made better version for WP platform and they work pretty well. Let us check some technical for layman. Now everybody knows, this has a 5 Mp Camera, a first idea is "isn't that common" almost every phone has it. The answer is NO. The one on this is 1/4" sensor size, meaning it takes in more light, hence better photos. I have used at least 4 different 5 Mp phones; Nokia 520, Sk17 i (sonyericsson mini pro), i9003 (Samsung Galaxy S), Karbon A 12+. Sony with its bravia engine gave unbeatably best shots followed by Samsung then Nokia. Karbonn honestly sucks. The good part about Nokia is it has dedicated camera key, which allows better timing for the budding photographer in you. The HSPA works great, I get 8 Mbps down and 5 Mbps up my Vodafone - Gujarat network. Well Karbonn also scores good, however the efficiency of hardware keeps it cool. I have practically used Viber App (VoIP) on HSPA network for more than 4 hours. It gives you access to live.com email along with standard yahoo, google etc. The one thing I observed on this is it's a real push mail. It feels you are served by a MS Exchange server. I would also like to point out that I had to take it Nokia Care twice, one time for the battery and other for lock key malfunction. The best part was I was able to book appointment online,be there wait for an hour and its fantastic. As customer we need to realize that our products with use would generate some trouble, it is the after sales service that makes the real difference here. And everyone who has used Nokia knows that well. Coming back, the phone has fallen many times, I have also developed a little scratch on the screen (guess the car keys). Each time it falls the battery and cover comes apart (classic nokia) and I say a prayer, assemble every thing, power it on and its back. After using this I understood the importance of custom made s/w which is designed for a "phone". I know for a fact if I keep 20 widgets updating automatically on my android screen its gone eat the battery. But thanks to the WP 8 and Black, the battery issue is tackled well. I will conclude its a good device for a person who uses phone for making calls. I you are a blackmarket android junkie, this thing is not for you. We can understand it as a replacement for Blackberry kind of people. Hope you like the review, if you do please hit like.
IT WAS AN AWESOME EXPERIENCE USING LUMIA 520 . NICE HAND SET TO USE AND SPECIALTY ABOUT LUMIA SERIES IS ITS SPEED WHILE OPENING APPLICATIONS.
I am a big fan of Sony mobiles and using xperio neo v later I bought another phone HTC desire VC and used for 6 months after that I purchased this Lumia 520 for my younger brother. Once this was delivered I check the phone and i Shocked for this price big screen and same configuration of I phone 4. Truly amazing phone. Dont think just buy this phone if your budget is below 8k. New Review: After using almost fifth month. This is the best mobile till is used. Not even a single time phone was hanged while i'm using almost 7.5 of internal GB. Superb mobile 10star to Lumia 520.
hi guys, this is abhishek. i was using a sony experia e-dual from last 5 months which got stolen. life without a smartphone was a mess so i decided to buy another with a budget of same 8000 as of my xperia E. 1st i considered some samsung, micromax and sony handsets. i was not a fan of windows phones so i didnt cosider the lumia 520. later on some day i found my friend's 620 working as fluid which attracted me. i read the reviews and finding 85% of them positive, i went for a lumia. now let me tell you what's the advantages and disadvantages of a L520 over any android phone in 10k rupees. ADVANTAGES over Android : 1) FLUID TO OPERATE- my xperia E has 1ghz processor and 512 mb RAM. still very laggy and hangs often. this phone doesnt let me down. it's ultra fast. 2) SPLENDID COLORFUL INTERFACE- whenever i see any android phone even the 20k rupees phones, it feels the same boring themes and colors. and the transient animation is not that much visible. this phone is great to look at and also great for show off. the live tiles, those keep changing with the photos of your contacts will just win your heart. 3) OFFICE- being an engineering student i often work with word documents and spreadsheets. so the inbuilt ms office is far better and lightening fast compared to any software such as kingsoft office etc 4)SOCIAL BEING - the mail, fb and whatsapp arejust amazing. they are fast in sync and keep me ahead 5) GAMING- well i play temple run, six guns, minion rush, angry birds, assassin's creed on this phone and i have no complaints about hang or lagging. the temple run loads faster than the xperia E. 6)DATA SENSE is a nice creation by the company. its work ability is praise worthy. 7)BROWSING- the internet explorer is a good browser , it does not lag as the internet explorer lags on PCs. its pretty fast and smooth 8) DISPLAY- the display and touch sensitivity is awesome. getting a this kind of screen in this price range is highly impossible for android phones 9) NEW USERS- this phone is n awesome option for those who are new to smartphones 10) BYE BYE MYTHS - myths regarding the windows os that files are unable to be shared via bluetooth, whatsapp etc are baseless. bluetooth sharing works fine 11) NOKIA MUSIC is a great music store where you can download unlimited songs for free. you need not browse sites for latest songs unlike Android. people ask me - "why did you chose windows after using android" , well above 11 lines are my answer :) DISADVANTAGES over Android : 1) CUSTOMIZABILITY - we can't customize the home screen as we can do on android with live wallpapers, adding folders, multi home screens etc 2) APP STORE - apps in the store are not as much as google ply. but all essential apps you need for your phone will be available. but the windows app store is less buggy and virus free with compared to android. 3)NOTIFICATION PULL DOWN- pull down notification bar is not present. you cant see your ongoing downloads, instant messages, texts etc on the pull down bar. however your instant messages, texts, missed calls etc are updated on the live tiles. which is much more realistic than the android jelly bean 4)FILE MANAGER- no file manager is present. you can't be able to view the inside files such as instalation files, execution files etc. each file has a kind of app to open it. such as music player to open songs and videos etc. this is an entirely locked and secured operating system which is not a bad thing if you ask me how do i feel after switching to windows from android, i would say that i feel like i am an alien on the earth where everyone is asking me why have i come ! (why i'm using windows). but believe me guys, i like being an alien because i have a special power. i can do things flawlessly which the so called human beings can't overall it's the most beautiful value for money phone you will get in the budget of 14000
this is the best phone at this range.. i am writing this review after 1 month using this phone..battery backup is awesome.. apps are good.. best phone in this range..
I really loved this phone. Though its a windows phone, It covers all primary apps that we r really concerned about . It got a light weight and nice display . Its really fast and only one thing is it doesnt have a front cam and flash . But this is good at its Price !!!! Nokia is doing great
satisfied with flipcart service... good mobile too... but only some type of windows software problem is there.. in giving age details. until we give our age 26. it does not work
As usual, Flipkart delivery service was awesome. I got the product in one day. I had used Samsung Galaxy S Duos which is in my view the worst phone of our generation. And when I used this product, I developed a dislike for Samsung. Realised the following by checking my friends phone: Android is definitely going to be slow on a 1 GHz single core processor whether it is Samsung or Sony. So either go for Windows (Lumia series) or get a Dual Core or a higher processor (for Android).
4 of 5 Star Crashes on WhatsApp with ALARMING regularity. Once a day for sure COMPLETE REVIEW: My 1st Windows phone, I come from BB usage, no Android experience I read a lot on Flipkart's Lumia 520 page, several reviewers claimed that 'IT-DOES-NOT-CRASH what-so-ever', I then did a lot of research & then purchased it from here (a big part of positive decision was that I read somewhere that Windows App store monitors & passes/certifies the apps unlike Android app store, so you will not get junk apps/virus apps/battery drain apps etc). The phone was delivered in '50 Hrs' (Bangalore to Mumbai), which is really good. No specs mumbo-jumbo, I will actually share User Experience. ***Usage experience: - First day after you do full charge, you are going to notice that the battery is perhaps the biggest weakness of this phone. A user with calls & mails with some WhatsApp media usage will drain battery from 100% to below 20% during the day (same day morning to evening) i.e. 12 to 14 Hrs. Just cant survive for 24 hours even on moderate usage. Install BATTERY app, you will actually know that after some media 5-10 mins, app will tell you that 6% battery consumed in 19mins. - Biggest weakness of this phone is WhatsApp. You are going to install it & let me tell after several weeks of usage that this phone crashes/Reboots at least ONCE-A-DAY. BUT, be sure that this is not Phone's fault, THE PHONE DOES NOT CRASH ON ANY APP/SCREEN ... OTHER THAN WHATSAPP ... it is the WhatsApp that is really bad/bloated app and it used to crash REGULARLY on my previous BlackBerries too. - The touch is really good, it is pretty smooth. - Live-Tiles on Home Screen are a good concept too, you will get used to them, You can fit a lot of shortcuts (tiles) there & you can be creative too. - There is no way to share contacts from Contacts screen, If you want to share contact via SMS (Whatsapp), go to SMS (or whatsappp) compose & attach the contact. Needs improvement. - Emails are very good to type (even long ones), that is because the touch-type keyboard is pretty accurate. Except for one stupid experience that you can NOT click in-between the word, if you type one letter wrong in a long word like SIGNATURE, you will have to delete the entire word (you cant click in middle to correct one letter). - One will take a bit of a time to understand the gallery concept of Windows Phone. Here, one has to go to PHOTOs and even the films (video) you shot, are under photos. It is sometimes like Windows Operating system, where you have to go to 'Start' to press 'Shut down'. - The Windows app store is decent, most apps are there that you will actually use are available. Just recently Windows native Minesweeper, Mahjong tiles and windows games native Cards game have arrived here too. If these are too old school or boring for you, you have your Temple Run type games too. - Phone does not have various modes like (Silent, Vibrate, Loud, Outdoor). It just have silent & Ring. There is no dedicated app for this function, which is really odd. On home screen you have to click volume rocker to increase/decrease the ringer volume. It will also show a bell, tap on it to put to silent, tap on it to put to Ring. This is really odd. What is outright bizzare is after every restart the volume level goes to default 15 of 30. You may miss calls too due to this .... speaker on the back of the phone does not help, volume gets muffled if you keep your phone on back. NEEDS FIXING. - Sometimes I use 'Mark As Unread' function as a reminder. Available in BlackBerry for SMS as well as Mails. This phone has 'mark as Unread' ONLY for mails and not for SMS. It is an annoyance, why not for SMS if windows has it for mails? Needs fixing. - Although, dial pad has letters in call app, you can not type the name to make a call. In the dial app you essentially have to search a contact to be able to make a call. - Video capture from camera is AWESOME in daylight. It is very good even in other situations. photos are good too in medium light. For occasional photograph you may not notice lack of flash. - All the supplied ringtimes are low volume (even on level 30 of 30). After trying 20-25 ringtimes, I have finally settled for Tring-Tring. - Of the three touch-buttons on the phone, one is dedicated to Web-search (from Bing). I use it less than once-a-day. Making it near useless for me. - Stock Browser (IE11) is exceptional. UC browser doe not hold a candle to this IE. There is no Opera for this phone, so that makes IE11 a real good browser of choice. UC browser sucks actually. - There are no real apps like Task Manager or kill application or monitor process that consumes battery or such. SOMEONE PLEASE DEVELOP this kind of app for WP8. - Let me repeat, This phone doe NOT crash anywhere except on WhatsApp. *** 500 Characters limit ... end of review ***
Excellent Phone - Nokia Lumia 520 for the price i purchased just under Rs. 7000/- on FLIPKART. Camera could have been better
i have purchased this phone three days ago from flipkart and it is very cool phone. i can run heavy games smoothly on this phone like Temple Run, lots of apps and nokia mixradio is awesome. i got new OS update after i switched my phone on first time and updated, it is come to know a latest update will be come on January 2014 from microsoft and nokia (Amber GDR3) and new features will be introduced like notification bar like android phones and good battery performance. i like this phone, everyone should have this... good luck :)
Awesome look and touch is fantastic. Smart phone at this price and this many feautures are unbelivable.
I recently purchased this phone and as usual flipkart just delivered this order in a day and i was very glad that i received it so soon. Thanks a lot Flipkart :)
Flipkart is on best track in terms of Product genuineness, Packaging, Delivery Time. Just want to say if anyone's budget is less than 10K and wants a smart phone with brand value then this phone is best look wise, feature wise. It has 8GB inbuilt memory which I think and feel sufficient. RAM is 512MB but did not face any issue, even I found it is quite good in comparison to other smart phones with same RAM size. Its apps like Here Map, Here Drive, Radio Mix etc never let me provide any chances to make a regret on its purchase. Few things which I did not like is you have not choice to download apps directly to your memory card and on start up of phone you have only near about 4.5 GB internal memory free. You can definitely opt NOKIA LUMIA 520.
camera was awesome process as on paper dual core snapdragon worked fine explorer worked without lag touch was responsive no lag some review that app store is not up to mark but acoording to my needs its enough phone is good for some people not for everyone i liked facebook integration on phone u cant get better phone in this price galaxy trend similar in this price had many lags as my friend told in galaxy trend temple run hangs a lot temple run on this phone was running without hesitation overall phone was good
Pros - Super sensitive touch - a pleasure to use - Smooth as butter - a really nice change from the lag which plagues Android phones - Great looks - If Samsung phones are to Kristen Stewart and Apple to Megan Fox, then this phone is at least Anne Hathaway. - Refreshing interface - again a really nice change from Android and IOS - Great value for money - For the features offered, the price of this phone ensures that it blows the competition out of the water. Cons - Lack of Apps - This is more of a limitation with the Windows environment, but still, the apps available don't even begin to compete with the apps in the mature app environments of Android and IOS. - Disappointing camera - although the camera is a decent 5MP, and performs fairly well in good lighting conditions, it is a complete no show indoors or with questionable lighting, courtesy lack of a flash and Xeiss optics. Verdict A great looking phone with a fresh and smooth environment and a super sensitive touch with next to zero lag. The camera is not really anything to write home about. But then again, to bring a phone down to this price, you have to cut some corners, and Nokia have done a really great job of minimising the corner-cutting. Overall, an excellent phone in this price range. Not for nothing is it a global bestseller. Don't think too much. Go ahead and buy it. You won't be disappointed.
What a Mobile... Superb... Excellent touch, nice camera, Windows is also user friendly... Having almost all the application as Android has. Its 520 but pls go ahead and compare it with 620 and 625... only Screen size is differenct..rest all same... I have bought almost all the compainse mobile phones till date..BUT this is the only which I say Value for My Money.. It is a AWSOME smart phone under 8k.. Must buy for all Value for money buyers... GO GO GO and BUY itttt...
I own a older nokia lumia 610 and got the lumia 520 for my wife. its an awesome phone. Initially I dint liked the lumia and especially the micro SIM requirement, but soon was fascinated with features of lumia. tons of apps with n no of games. I liked the tiled structure, the phone response is better than any android device as I m a android programmer and seen aakash, samsung tab2, tab 3, samsung ace, duos etc etc. gals n guys go ahead n buy this wonderful device without any hitch, u ll never regret ur decision . flipkart service was awesome, delivered overnight to me.
this product is very nice the operating of the phone is very good touch sense is very nice all the features are good. it will pal the hd videos with high display clarity only draw back is led flsh light
I gifted this to my sister (Red Color). She really liked it. No issues with it so far. Sound quality is really good better than its higher version phones. Really takes nice pictures compared with other smartphones. Whatapp , Temple Run etc runs well. FM is asset in it. Other higher version does not have FM. I bought it as Rs 7886 so its definitely a value buy if you get lesser than this. Flipkart delivery packaging as usual was fantastic reached with in 2 days. Thanks Sachin
This phone is best in class.... i outbeats every phone of android in this range... works very smooth and very user friendly device!! i bought this phone when everyone was telling me to go to android.... but today im very happy with this phone and people with android call it hangdroid :) trust me i had the same problem too... i was using a Sony Xperia Sola... it used to hang too much... but this phone is veryyyy smooth.... the cam quality in this phone being a 5 megapixel is too good.... it can be compared to 8 megapixel cams of some phone.... the close shots are the best in the phone when u set ur ISO mode and choose close up shot... moreover it has nokia smart cam application which gives u a masterpeice with every shot!! with the Lumia Amber Update the phone has become more interesting with some exccelent features like flip to silence and radio and manymore.... while coming to the gaming feild its not on par with android but has very nice games of its own.... This phone is one among the most sold phone in NOKIA :) so u want a phone with nice price and good features this is the one u should go for!!!!! And the delivery by Flipkart was awesome it ended my exictment soon by delevering this phone soon to me :) Thank you :)
Best Mobile Phone. Best User Interface, Best Graphics and font styles. Easy to use. better then other android phones.i like it.
I Love This Phone,quality of the phone it's better than android i love it best phone at this price..............!
The best Windows phone that would give tough time to any android device! Its sad that I did not buy this from Flipkart as WSRetail had overpriced this item at that time. Anyways, everything about this phone is near perfect... once u install the Lumia Amber update!! Without the Amber update, there are some serious software issues that causes the system memory to completely fill up leaving the phone paralyzed! Updating is easy...just go to phone update under settings. However the update is large, around 250mb & takes time to download & install... say not more than 1hour! ohh... and u have to separately update the "extras+info" under setting to complete the procedure. Only then do u get the "storage check" app from Nokia that addresses the memory issue. Using this app u can clear out temp files thus freeing up memory. For updating "extras+info", search the US version of Windows Phone store. Your phone will detect the update. Other apps that u can install once u have Lumia Amber include Nokia Smart Cam. But nothing special about this app, the ordinary Nokia Cam takes better pics! The only thing i hate about this phone are the cheap earphones that come with it. Its absolutely waste & an insult to the impressive specs of the smartphone. Get a scullcandy earpiece to blow the heads out! BTW one small dowside is this thing hasn't got an audio equalizer, nevertheless the audio output is superb. The display quality is also good... even under sunlight. So for those still planning to buy this smartphone... hold your horses. Lumia 525 will be out soon. Specs are identical to Lumia 520, except that 525 will have 1GB RAM. This should be a fatal blow to any android competition in this price range. Also the 525 comes with WP8 Lumia Black update (successor to Amber update) already installed. So no trouble figuring what to do. Wish they could add a flash to the cam.
I bought this phone for my father who has been owning Nokia phones, his whole life. First of all I would say that If you don't care about Windows go and place an order but If you love Android and its openess to community and a person who uses google services (gmail, youtube etc) alot Extended you budget cause there is no good Branded android phone at this range. Postives: 1) Build Quality - Amazing build quality for a budget phone, looks like the smaller brother of Nokia 3310 :P 2) Camera Quality - Even though this has a 5MP camera, remember there is more to cameras than just MPs and nobody knows Cameras on phones better than Nokia. (Even though they could have added a flash) 3) Performance - Not a lag or shutter, unlike Android in which even in high end phones you can see lag. It has a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 1Ghz Dual Core Processor which is excellent and also Windows for phone is very lightweight. 4) Speakers are loud and very clear. Cons : 1) No Android (Is it really a Con) 2) Paired Earphones are very cheap and low quality. 3) No officail google apps
this is the best smartphone you got under ruppes 8000.i got this device in 7700.the camera is exelent and i feel the windows 8 os is very fluid aand minimulistik.go get this device.i would recomand you all to buy this phone.
1) Size is perfect 2) Price is lowest 3) HD and other features are worth.. 4) after all Nokia is brand 1 if we compare other players.. quality some peopele are saying Andriod & Windows the Andriod is best.. but i think there is no difference between Andriod and Windows because now both are different at the OS level point...but Windows-8 is good and perfect choice for buyers (and most important is its Nokia product
Really a nice phone, bought before Diwali. Its working really nicely, great touch response. no hangs or lags or any sort of issue. It was difficult to use at beginning but once you get familiar to its functionality its very nice
Nokia's new Lumia 520 is officially the most affordable Windows Phone device. Considering the price, the Lumia 520 is a great deal. Obviously, a few things have been omitted to get the price down. For instance, there is no front camera and the rear camera is a basic 5MP unit without flash. The battery is a 1,430mAh unit and you won't get any high-end features like NFC, TV out or 1080p video recording. Where it matters the most, you can't find fault with the Lumia 520. It may be entry-level, but it still offers a fluid interface, it includes Nokia's turn-by-turn navigation, Nokia Music, great call quality and feels sturdy to hold and use.
I didnt buy this phone online, I never buy phones online, but I had looked it up on flipkart, n bought it wen it was still going for 10k. Coincidentally one of my frds bought an 820 arnd d same time, n wen we compared them, there were only two major differences... Better camera, n slightly faster processor. -- As far as cameras on phones go, 5mp z more dan enough. If you are buying a 20-25k phn to majorly use d camera, u may as well buy a beginner-level DSLR! Video quality z gud as well, though I didn't check out how heavy zoom affects it. I especially love d audio quality. You also get SmartShoot, Panorama, n a couple of other camera apps inbuilt. You can now also get Camera360 on this model. -- Processor n RAM z 1 ghz and 512 mb, as opposed to 1.5 ghz and 1 gb in d advanced Lumia models. But having compared mine to my frd's 820, I would confidently say it is absolutely ample! Unless you REALLY stuff it with timepass apps and Xbox games, d functioning speed z excellent. -- It is slightly smaller dan other Lumias, but only slightly - 4 inches as compared to 4.5-4.7 inches... a difference of anything less than an inch doesn't really register to a regular user, and there was never a moment when I thought "Hey, I could really use a bigger phone"! Unless you are comparing it with Nexus or Micromax Doodle etc., its quite large. -- Nokia Music app z awesome, regardless of what kind of music you like. I don't really follow d latest bollywood music (which you can find as much as you want and then some, on d app), I was looking for Indian Classical music, and I found LOADS of it! -- There is no magnetometer, but HERE maps and HERE Drive (Nokia Maps) is pre-installed, n its fantastic. It doesn't offer you alternate routes like in google maps n all, but you can download d maps you want, n then you don't need an active data connection to navigate and do anything wid d maps. I downloaded d whole of India over wifi, n now I regularly use it for long distance trips as well as city navigation if I need it. ## D only two real cons to this phone are: Weak battery, and d exposed side buttons. -- D battery lasts a day AT BEST. Games n image editing apps (especially Fhotoroom) reduce battery life drastically, otherwise talk time z gud, n music/facebook/whatsapp/net browsing dnt affect d battery dat badly. -- You will need to get a cover for this phone, which is a pity, cuz it luks great actually! If you don't, d side keys will be pressed when it's in your pocket. However, since you need to swipe across d lock screen, and that motion is very difficult to achieve without an actual finger, this isn't that big a problem. D volume may be changed because of this, though. -- I dnt need to say anything abt d legendary build quality. Like all Nokias, it just splits into three distinct parts: body, cover, n battery. Simply reattach it, brush off d dust, carry on as if nothing happened. -- And Gmail still works, with no problems with d syncing. -- Speaker z not bad for calls, n good for music if you are alone, but speaker could have done with some more power. It z definitely not bad per se, but could have been better. All in all, major pros, and negligible cons. Excellent phone, n especially at its currently dropping price, an absolute STEAL!!
I dont know why people are crazy for some bogus apps on Android Even they Know that Android will eats lots of Ram and Battery...Windows OS is Very 2 Good . Lots of apps are thre in in its store The Best feature in this phone is its look
I am using this phone for a month, let me make bullet points so that others' can get a practical review: PROS: # The super smooth touch and cool tiled UI. It is metro styled and windows users should love it. # IE 10, the browser is the best among all the one available in other phones. # Useful applications on store which can be used practically. # Game experience is good. # No lag on any operation, which is the best part. # RAM is 512 MB but windows 8 used it so beautifully that you will NOT felt it ever. # All the background services can be stopped if you want, which is sometimes an useful feature. # Smart text editor and smart Social, Business hub integration of many accounts. Really useful for those who use social and email account frequently. # Voice commands and QR code scanner is awesome. Also the Bing Vision is useful for any tech/logical guy. # Nokia Music free subscription allows you to download any song legally and instantly. Even after it ends, renew will be a great yes to me since it provides very wide collection and in reasonable price (3 Months=281 INR). # Internal memory is huge and adequate for apps and games installation. CONS: # Battery sometime really annoying, especially when BT and Wifi is on. It drains quickly on constant use. # No FM, even after Amber Update. # The external case buttons are cheap plastic, which should not be, Nokia could provide a better back case, which would only cost them few extra bucks. # No front camera or flash. the camera is great but only in natural light. Evening snaps are not good in low light. Overall, a steal in a price range of 8~8.5K, no other phone can beat it (of course, if you are okay with single sim card slot).
I have been using this for the past 10 days, and I am very happy with its looks and simplicity. Pros: 1.very simple to use 2. easy to setup gmail account and contacts were synced easily , so no problem of contacts being lost. 3. ease of access lets you to magnify the display using double tap. 4. wifi hotspot switches off automatically if no one is connected for some time. 5. my photos were uploaded fast in skydrive, maybe due to its size, but sky drive is good. 6. there is analog fm radio option in this phone. 7. when you long press back button you can switch to other open apps. cons: 1.battery lasts for around 18hrs, however there is a battery saving mode to increase up time for around 1 hour. 2. very less apps on windows store. 3. I find it somewhat difficult to type, since previously i used an android phone and used swipe keyboard. 4. no widgets, and live tiles get updated frequently. 5. the phone is some what bulky and is too comfortable to hold in two hands. 6. no need to worry even if you reset the phone as all paid apps can be reinstalled at no cost. 7. the edges of the phone is somewhat pointy and is sometimes not good. 8. when you select 3G mode , both 2G and 3G are selected, im not sure why., Overall is a good phone to use if you are not involved deep in the phone and use it for browsing, calling and other basic functions.
I had bought it in August. It has been 4 months, i have been using it. This phone is such makhan. It never gets hanged, more over i have 8 xbox games on it, still it works really smooth, u will love it. More over nokia music is amazing. It runs 1080p with ease. I love those tiles. Now every andriod (under 10k) having friend is jealous, they usually say "yaar lumia 520/620 hi lena tha". I am damn sure u will love it.
Phone is very excellent for the price, battery is also very good. Very responsive phone, no lag like android phones at this range. Windows app store is the only issues ware we don't get all the latest apps published fast OR developers not prefer windows as fast, it will take some times for developers to give importance for Windows. Windows OS is good.
Its quite beautiful looking phone. Its screen is scratch resident. I tried to make a scratch on its screen using blade but no scratch is made. Phone is overall awesome but it has some limitations. 1. You cannot use it like modem. Means you cannot share your phone's internet on your pc using USB. Its only possible with wifi. 2. There is no file manager or (my computer). You cannot see what is in your phone or sd card. Music, videos, documents, images if available in phone then it will show only in its app. You cannot make folder and you cannot see if any unsupported item is available in your phone. It is just because there is no file manager. 3. Internal memory is not fully 8 GB. All the internal apps are loaded in same. So only 4 GB memory is usable. In PC it shows 7.5 GB full memory and almost Half memory is full but in opening it does not show any file even after hide file view. 4. You can install apps only by its store. So you cannot use paid apps free like Android because there is no apk like file so that you might install paid app by downloading it from internet. You can't do it. You have to purchase paid apps. There is no other option. 5. It has Sunlight readability. 6. Its battery life is good. 7. It never hangs. 8. Its super fast. 9. Light sensor work perfectly. 10. Panorma Photos are amazing. 11. Its camera is superb. Video recording and picture quality is Good. 12. Voice recording is amazing. Cristal clear voice recording. 13. There is no flash in phone but still good photos captured. 14. Super sensitive touch screen is also super. Overall its Nice Phone. I like it!
Pros: Pros: 1.Best 1ok phone in terms of hardware 1GHz ,512Mb .Ram is effective 1Gb because of closed OS . 2.Buttery smooth GUI and navigation.No LAG, the best feature 3.Display is excellent 4.FM is there ,already Amber updated Cons: 1.OS takes time to get used to. 2.Cheap headphones ,expected better. 3.No MKV player,no music equalizer Final Verdict Best under 10k phone.
All that you can ask for in a sub-mid range smartphone. Its a tremendous multimedia device. Music, Movies, Camera, Video Capture, Office, Social Networking, Web, you name it, this device can handle everything! Pros: 1. Its NOKIA!. So lay back and njoy the ride. No hiccups, no sub-standard build material. It looks and feels great. 2. 4GB built in memory is more than sufficient for average day to day use plus you can add a micro ssd. 3. 720p Video with AutoFocus! (5MP camera is bit common these days, so nothing special there.) 4. 512 MB RAM, may sound on a lower end of memory spec, but believe me this phone never lagged even once in the last 6 months. Smooth as silk. 5. 1GHz processor keeps things super fluid. You will love the fluency of the navigation on this device. No hiccups what so ever. It puts event the S3 to shame. 6. Decent battery life. 2 Days juice can easily be extracted from a single charge. 7. Good sound from external speakers. 8. Ease of use : The Win OS I feel is too simplistic fro my taste, there's nothing to fiddle around with, everything is so accessible. (pun intended) Cons: 1. Screen : Average, Dull-ish colors, faded (almost grey-ish blacks). 6/10 2. Included ear-phones are worst at the best. :-p 4/10. 3. App support. Win OS is still in its nascent stages. Maybe we can expect good apps in the coming days, but for now its just poor to okay! 6/10. 4. Not made for heavy duty gaming. Light gaming with occasional stutters is all you can get from this device in terms of gaming. 5. No LED Flash. Meh! Verdict: If you can fore-go the lack of apps and the over-simplicity of the Win OS, this device is a beast in its price range.
design n built quality is grt, screen size n clarity looks premium. phone looks really very cool . it is very fluid n no lags till now.. if u r worried about d market yea it is not as big as androids but u get ample of apps n games. battery backup is average.. (goes for one day wid continuous usage). talkin about d cons; windows is closed operating system, if u r used to android u might find it annoying. the headphones r poor i use my sony headset. n u cannot pick up calls through headsets u have to pick dem up thru fon!!! well ignore d cons n ul b gettin an amazing fone with great camera feature which ul neva find in android fones.
This smartphone has great specs, nd it works perfectly smooth, the problem is that most of the apps in the store are paid, but the performance of this phone is really great, the white colour really gets dirty very fast, it requires a back cover nd then ur good to go.
Bought it for my mother and she loves it. Looks beautiful, windows 8 works like a charm and to my surprise it takes excellent camera pictures with a lot of detail and minimal noise. Thumbs up for the lumia 520.
Every thing is good about this handset at the price tag of less than 9k. However it is very fragile, it fell off from my hands and broke touch screen, Nokia is charging 3500 for replacing the touch screen. Be careful in handling this phone as it is very delicate :-)
first of all i want to tell you guys if you have budget of 10k, then go for it... key features i liked are camera,music... camera is awesome...daylight images are really good.... i loved nokia music..its awesome... apps are coming...whatsapp works awesome...fb works awesome....512mb ram is sufficient... battery backup is good...much better tham android offcourse... it record HD videos...video playback is also 720p which is awesome... i loved it MICROSOFT HAVE UPDATED THERE DEFECTS... 1)NOW YOU CAN SHARE YOUR DATA WITH BLUETOOTH 2)YOU CAN SHARE YOUR MEDIA WITH APPS LIKE FB,WASSUP ETC... guys dont underistimate windows...its awesome...if u want some refreshing change then must buy!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank you flipkart for your awesome offers and service.....
If you don't care about the apps availability, (e.g no youtube on this phone ), not interested in much of the browsing (difficult UI for browser).. this is good phone you can buy... specially because its Nokia.. excellent battery life, very very sturdy.(if you are use of old nokia phones.. you know what I mean).
nokia has become boon to the middle class people, it has got the smartest phone at the cheapest prices. i got nokia lumia 520(black ) for 8000. and its ultimate mobile ADVANTAGES: -ultimate camera for the price, u cant compare nokia cam to the other cams even though it is 8 megapixel -highest pixel density 233 for 4 inch screen better than bravia of sony -smooth functioning -touch is awesome -excellent battery management for 1430 mah -even it play 1080p video flawlessly DISADVANTAGES: -micro sim -need to create microsoft account and nokia account
I bought this phone from Flipkart and the buy was IMPULSIVE. I have been researching about 10k phones, got fed up and in a ziffy placed order for Nokia 520. I bought it for my wife and boy she is impressed. No lags, good UI and good camera quality. She doesn't play much games but loves to be connected with her friends Whats app, FB and mailing is good, Free song downloads, skydrive are impressive. Good battery back up and HD video recording. The best part is changeable panels- She has all the colors to match her dresses, so its a fasion statement. If you are not hung up with Android- go for it. absolutely value for money!!!!!!!!!
Nokia rocked back with LUMIA 520.Showed the world what NOKIA Is known for. Power Packed Performance at extremely competitive pricing
So finally this was my second purchase of Lumia phone after my dashing Lumia 720. This is bought for my wife as she wanted one with handy and no big body. Its Black Lumia 520 i got for 8590 which was reduced right after i placed order to 7980. :-( Best part is i got Lumia with Windows 8 Amber upgrade with all the new features like Radio, data Sense , Smart Cam and flip to silence but i dint get Call+Message filter . No biggies. i can live with that. Phone is sleek and looks amazing in hand of a women. having vibrant clear black display and super smooth touch. For applications definitely you have to wait a bit more till the Lumia store gets mature and you are going to miss some of most essential applications like ICICI Bank and Angry Birds. Though Angry birds you can manage with some other pull and throw game ICICI bank is one of the life saver application we have in iOS and Android and you can do all your stuff's on the go. No Flash so camera you may use mostly in light . Pictures are decent if you are clicking in proper light. smart cam provides you control over many rare features which Android and iOS market fails to provide till date. So if you are clicking maniac this is the product for you. For free gaming go for Android or iOS. No Lags but i got one strange issue on very first day right after setting up my phone. The default color profile changed to Black / White, and i thought maybe its new feature to save battery. So i charged the battery and then realized its a bug. I had to reset my phone and i lost all my contacts and apps whatever i setup during 1 days time. never saw that issue again so far but that is there for sure. I am not happy with power and camera buttons and its very rude on finger tips , if i am comparing with my Lumia 720. Its having soft press whilst 520 you will feel a hard pressing like we did in stone age for 3315 buttons. Micro SIM is another limitations we have in these phones you can go to store and get a small SIM but some fine day if you want to replace your phone , no option untill your buddy is having same phone. No dual SIM so even buddy wont help for long :-). Playlist is the biggest problem in this phone. When its come to playlist this phone is gajini and its always forgetting what i have added other day in my playlist and i end up creating one after another, finally i stopped creating playlist and playing directly from the album. Good Things is Phone is very handy , nice attractive built and class material used. Its not corning Gorilla like my Lumia 720 but i wont expect them to provide that too in this budget. I chose MicroMax 3d phone over this but last moment changed my mind because of the shape and size. Same old big white cheap china body with white flips which is getting dirty quickly and looking like pig faces. This phone give a uniqueness atleast. With amber update now you have everything and you may miss several things but be patient and wait. Team Nokia and Microsoft working hard and will come up with something outbreaking. Overall i am happy with this phone as i hate Android.
After 3-4 months of using it, I am still loving my Nokia Lumia 520... It is a full "paisa vasool" phone- user friendly, trendy, sleek, plenty of game and music download options, useful applications available for free download... Be it chat or net surfing speed or just anything... I just don't miss anything and love my phone (though I am using it after dumping my Apple iPhone 2G for 4 years!) Battery back-up could have been better, but considering other things and its price, it's okay if I have to charge it once a day... N Flipkart's packaging, delivery and services was up to the mark!!! Freebie offer of 8GB memory card with my lumia made me more happy :)
For me, The most important technical Specifications of a phone are - 1. Hardware (processor) 2. Software (OS) For Lumia 520 both are exactly same as Lumia 720 which is approximately double the price. Very moderately priced and a great phone to use. Just to Let you know - I am not a very big fan playing games and all on the phone. But I do use utility Applications a lot on my mobile. Special thanks to Microsoft for Outlook and Office on this mobile. A great job done by Nokia and Microsoft on this mobile. Flipkart - great service and a special thanks to the retailer "WS Retail" as well. Good quality, no damage, quick service, better price than market. This retailer is so good that, before buying any product on Flipkart, I always search if this retailer has that product, even if it is a little more expensive than others (rarely the case, this guy has always the best price).
I purchased this Phone on 3 September, 2013 and delivered after 4 days. Item is packed nicely. Thanks flipkart. After using 10 days I found that 1 ) Battery Life is not cool, in normal use it will go for one day when fully charged. 2) Accelerometer / Sensor is not sensitive, you have to wait for movements. 3 ) The USB cable is very short, you can only use in Laptop, however you can purchase new one. 4 ) It will be good if there is the file transfer option / apps using WIFI. I don't find yet. .............. except this the phone is good. GO FOR IT ... :)
Hi, Just got this Delivered to my home in less than 2 days. Kudos to Flipkart for the quick delivery and military grade packaging, as usual. Now, for the phone, here are the important points ----> 1. This is the cheapest Windows 8 OS Phone available in the market, and I think it's a good deal. 2. This Phone uses a microSIM card, NOT a normal miniSIM that most people have. 3. It has a unibody design, and I found that opening the back to put the battery, microSIM, and microSD card, is a very annoying experience. 4. Though of you who want 3rd party apps and pirated apps, look away now, because windows phone 8 is AIRTIGHT SECURED. that means no piracy. 5. Although XBOX Music became free last week, it's still NOT aailable in India, so don't expect the windows music app to run indefinitely. However, NOKIA Music is a very good replacement. 6. Windows Phone 8 is very different from Android. That means no rooting, no custom launchers, and less tweakable options under the hood. However I would recommend this phone to all those who do office work, as MS Office 365 comes bundled, and PushMail with ActiveSync is also there, which makes fetching, reading, and responding to emails and documents very fluid and easy. 7. The learning curve for using this phone is higher than Android, but ultimately, WP8 is less complex OS than Android. Those who want a fluid simple phone experience, go for this. 8. The Camera has a good picture quality, and a lot of smart options, but it has no FlashLED and lacks a front camera too. so no video calling, although it does support 3G. 9. It has a dual core 1gHz snapdragon processor, and 512 MB ram plus adreno 305 graphics, which should be adequate, although the RAM could have been better. 10. Lastly, Kudos to the OS design, Windows 8 is THE most fluid and clean and efficient experience you can have from a phone. The touch is awesome, which adds to the functionality. 11. Summimg up, and seeing it's price, I think it's worth the money for a genuine Windows Experience. Thank you....
I got this phone some around 2 months back. Flipkart's service remained awesome like usual. Initially I was uneasy with Lumia. But just in a week I got to know almost all required stuff in it. I am a happy and satisfied buyer of LUMIA from Flipkart. Navigation is buttery smooth. Screen is fine and Speaker is loud enough. Worry is just for its Headset, could have been better. I am using more than 50 apps in my phone (Excluding Pre-Installed), and still my phone rocks. People talk about non-availability of apps in Windows Phone, but I found all required apps for me. I would recommend this phone to those people who are looking for a Branded, Nice Looking Phone with a Nice Configuration under 10K . This phone will keep you ambitious for more days than any other phones in market.
Feel:This phone gives you superior feeling by holding it . 4” screen is just perfect fit for your palm, not too big or too small.This nokia baby is a serious head turner (Samsung and /or android are too common now a days) because of nokia and of course WP8 ! price: at this price range no other phones match this phones configuration( I am only considering Samsung, Htc,sony etc).Not considering micromax, zen,lava etc.Just check the config in flipcart itself.Its treat for the pocket. OS :I feel WP8 is better. Its faster than android, never hangs or crashes, games run pretty well, live tiles are great delight to look at. Nokia apps: definitely worth mentioning. Nokia music is simply superb! You just go there and search for your song. Bingo! Everything is there. Not only that, the mix radio can be available offline also.HERE maps and Here drive is also awesome. You can use the map when offline also ! and various nokia camera app like paneroma, smartshoot and cinemagraph, photobeamer etc each of the camera related apps are really good. Camera :Though this phone lacks a front camera and flash and zeiss optics(unlike in higher range lumias), it performs really well in normal light condition. The video is also good and it is capable of shooting HD video if you install a class 10 micro sd card. Display:What nokia is offering as per as display is concerned, no competing product is matching the configuration.But yes. It lacks clear black technology and gorilla glass unlike in higher lumias.Its an awesome feature.But no complaining because of pricing.:) Touch: super sensitive ! though we Indians hardly use handgloves, but it can sense that too! And good news for ladies : it replies even if you are long nailed. No other competing product of other companies can match its touch sensitivity and feeling. Bluetooth: lots of myth about Bluetooth functioning. It simply works fine. You can transfer all multimedia files to other devices. Yes. No file manager. It is clearly a shortfall. No Fm radio as well. Not a very good advertisement. No USB tethering. Only Wi-Fi hotspot tethering. Its clearly on a disadvantage side , because for all smart phones regardless of which company’s phone,WI-Fi is a battery drainer,while USB tethering does not ‘eats’ so much battery and at the same time the phone gets charging as well. Battery life : pretty decent unless you are using the Wi-fi hotspot (as mentioned earlier). Syncing: you can sync your FB contacts to your phones contact. It’s a cool feature. You can download Google mail and yahoo mail. All of them syncs very well and no problem in using them at all. you get 7 GB of free cloud storage space. You can sync your photo album, phone settings, contacts to your cloud. cool. No equalizer for songs and more than one play list is not possible.Though Nokia mix radio is can be made available offline, but only up to 4 channels. And in mix radio(either online or offline) you can only skip up to 6 songs in an hour. Those are little hitch. If you install lot of apps and games the phone slows down a bit ,But still its way faster than android OS. You can not download the browser of your choice. Only I have found UC browser in the store(apart from default internet explorer 10). IE 10 not up to the mark compared to opera and chrome. Most of the time it does not display the picture of any site in the name of privacy settings.Though piracy is not supportable,but you are not going to like it if IE happens to remind you . To conclude I can say definitely worth buying. This phone is value for money. Nokia built quality, brand trust matters a lot.If you are bored of Samsung and/or android(lost the exclusiveness appeal) ,it’s a welcome change for you.Even if this is going to be your first smartphone, go for it. You will be delightfully amazed and going to like it. Now, nokia and windows are in a mission to kill piracy.So you wont be able to download from just any site. Those who support it , very good. But those who don’t like it, hey , you have a computer and a data cable to transfer. right ? ;) Like others have mentioned it, the ‘other’ folder keeps on increasing and adds to space. Its like temp folder in our computer. No way to get rid of it but to reset it. Buts that’s not proper solution. Big flix is highly advertised app.But its of no use (at least to me) Auto rotation is nagging. No way to turn it off . The three touch keys (Back button, windows logo(home), search button(bing key) vibrates when operating through them. No way to turn it off. No way to change setting of the search key. It always launches bing which is actually useless. It would have been far better scenario if we could change it to google key. And these keys don’t have background light, so little difficulty using them at night or dark
3 weeks back I bought Lumia 520 from local shop at rs 9400. After use following is my review- CONS 1. - Wifi - Biggest drawback and websites/ forums are full of complaints. User cannot define the ip settings. In India in most of the offices, IP address is given to user to set in their device for wifi connectivity. windows phone cannot connect to these wifi. I tried to make my laptop as hot spot. lumia was not even detecting the wifi. Same happened when I made my nokia e5 as hotspot. even after 2-3 years Microsoft has not updated it. 2. - Hugh data cost - Lots of updation happens for all software and apps. my lumia consumed 1gb of data plan in 15 days that too when i was cautious not to update , download much. 3. Battery drain out: very fast particularily when you are connected to internet . on an average it does not last 1 day. this is when I am not using wifi . using mainly for calls and checking emails which should not be more then for 1 hours a day. just keep data connection in active mode and occasionally look at your phone to see if there is any mail, it will drain out in less then 1 day. 4. Limited apps- i wanted to have some fundamental things like apps for e- banking for icici, i could not find apps on windows store. Can not access and edit files on google drive. 5. Touch screen is magnet for fingerprints and becomes irritating for lumia 520,. 6. no video calling: lumia 520, you cannot make a video call. functionality is simply not there. solution for this is to use skype. but then it means you cannot make video call to everyone. Only for those who are online and whose skype id you know.. 7. no windows desktop apps for windows xp. If you want to sync or connect to your desktop computer which is having windows xp or less, you cannot . Default desktop software provided by microsoft is for windows 7 or higher. When you connect with cable to your desktop, your phone is visible as usb with limited access to files. Same is true for nokia music player. You cannot download nokia music player on windows xp or less. Hence you cannot sync your nokia music files with your desktop. 8. limited settings : In trying to be simple windows has allowed limited choices to user in settings (for everything). For example for screen brightness only 3 options are there. Similarly for optimizing use of battery it has one button. You press it on, all service becomes manual like email, whatsapp, facebook, other apps, update etc. . 9. Microsoft office excel for windows phone is useless. Even the basic functionality of copying the formula is not there. Somehow it is not very comfortable to use excel even for basic data entry and calculation. 10.one need to have both Microsoft and nokia accounts separately to access all possibilities of phone. Pros 1. Biggest pro is the user interface. It appears refreshing and easy to use. With bright colours give vibrant feeling. 2. Hubs : people and photo hubs are very well integrated with facebook , skype, skydrive . it get automatically updated. So one need not go to specific application of facebook. Infact one can specifically look into updates of individual or set of individuals posting, photo upload etc. 3. Contacts : in “people hub “ one can have integrated contacts from all of ones mail accounts, skype, phone, facebook etc. one can club same person”s contacts from different emails, skype, facbook as one contact. 4. by moving the list of apps up and down one can scroll it to the level of thumb. Hence you can click without loosing grip. 5. Camera quality : is quite good . . 6. Robustness: Considering it is from Nokia, robustness seems to be there. My phone fell 2 , 3 times. Every time it back cover, battery moved out reducing the impact of fall and hence causing no damage to phone itself. Robustness used to be the typical feature of nokia phones. 7. Nokia music: free availability of nokia music is another pro. Although it is available only for few months. 8. Skydrive and skype: Both skype and skydrive are of Microsoft hence integrated well. there are many other small small problems and benefits which i could not write because of limitation on number of words allowed but mostly have been covered by other reviewers...
one of the best phone i have ever seen great user interface hanged never in 2 days temple run works great free windows live account faster internet wonderful camera very very reasonable price i got the phone in Rs.1200 lesser
Rocking phone! Loved it since the day it arrived. Vibrant colours, sensitive touch, sunlight readability and much more! It is one of the best phones in the range of 5000-10000 INR. The camera is 5MP and does not have a flash, but nevertheless, great pictures can by captured through this phone! :D It feels like magic, holding the L520 in your hands; it is a laptop in itself. Apps, MS office, internet, facebook, whatsapp, speed... isn't that all a teenager needs? ;) This phone is a rockstar, you'll love it... just like I did! :))
basic apps work like charm. Not a hardcore gamer. In the start, getting used to the new OS's look and feel would hurt a lil.. still ve not figured out how to create a playlist in the music player! no lag, Heats a bit on using navigation/3g data for long. Normal usage (heavy music, nominal data usage, normal apps) would take ur mobile for a day after full charge. I would recommend this product for a *not so big tym gamer*. one note and office apps awesome!
My Samsung galaxy R crashed miserably after my warranty period elapsed, leaving me with 2 choices: get a low-end phone for around 10k or dig up my ancient Nokia 3100. I went with the first choice and got the new Nokia Lumia 520 (white), have been using it for 3 weeks now. And I both love and hate it. Let me clarify: Why I love it: Lumia 520 is currently one of the best low-end devices available in the market, designed for those on a budget, or looking to get their first smartphone. Cheapest of the Lumia Series, it still manages to pack in a lot for a budget smartphone. Also, this phone is now the world's top selling Windows Phone 8 handset, thanks to its impressive specs and low-end price. The Lumia 520 carries the token Lumia design: sleek lines, colorful, great build quality as well as removable colorful back shells, with support for a MicroSD card. It has a gloriously bright, sharp and vibrant display with rich colors. Even if it isn’t the best, I’d say the design is really classy. It DOES NOT look like a 9k phone; you could actually fool most people that it’s a 20k phone. The Nokia Lumia 520 has a fairly generous 4-inch, 480 x 800 display and is powered by a 1 GHz dual-core processor and 512MB of RAM. Even without the power of the high-end quad-core powerhouses, operation is smooth, with only a hint of delay when opening apps. Nokia has used the Windows 8 OS quite nicely and once you get used to its tile-based interface, it's very easy to find your way around and to customize. You can now adjust the size of the tiles and some are dynamic, so the Weather tile will give you the basics without having to press it, and People shows a constantly shifting ‘Live-tile’ of your contacts' profile pictures. And IT’S NOKIA!!! Need I say more? So, all said and done, I should be pretty happy with this phone, right? Well, I’m not. Here’s why: Why I hate it: Maybe, the problem here is that I was once an android user; I don’t feel that the Windows 8 OS really does much for the Nokia brand. Anybody used to the power of an android can’t be satisfied with this phone. Although the phone’s interface is really fresh, Windows 8 has its limitations; it can hardly make up for the customization capabilities of an android. My problem is with the OS, but Nokia had definitely done a great job with this phone. • The ‘live tiles’ aren’t exactly as dynamic as you expect them to be, and I often have to manually refresh for updates. • Android boasts detailed notifications, dedicated music controls, toggles and more. The notification system in windows 8 is just not as effective. There is no central notification centre, which means users can only access controls from the home screen through live tiles. • The lack of applications on WP8 was also a big downer for me. Once I really tried to set myself up on my Windows Phone, I realized how many of my go-to apps weren't available, and how frustratingly basic Windows' built-in offerings were. Well, the app store is still growing, so that’s not really a con. • No file explorer/manager. It becomes difficult for you to manage your phone's memory, especially when you try to save a file type not supported by the phone. • A 5mp shooter is useless, unless you take all your pictures outdoors, and in hot blazing sunlight. Then you get decent photos, nothing exceptional. Without flash, it’s just a mediocre camera. • No front-facing camera, plus there's no in-built compass. • I really didn’t like the multitasking capability, coz quite a few apps running in the background keep dying out on me. I don’t quite know if it’s because of the 520′s meagre 512mb RAM. • Internet Explorer is one browser that should be killed…. Mercilessly!!! You’re stuck with IE on the Lumia 520. You can’t set another default browser. • The dedicated camera key is a tad bit fidgety. • No equalizer settings for the music player. • You cannot close any app directly. You need to press the back button which will take you to a history trip on whatever you have done on the app. Terrible when using IE. • A bit unresponsive when running apps that require a lot of resources. Verdict: If you're looking for a cheap, but awesome beginner's smartphone, you may have just found it. If you can get past the lack of apps and don't mind sacrificing some performance and connectivity, the Lumia 520 is a great budget buy. Maybe I would have liked the phone if I was a start-up user, or if I have never used an android before. But right now, I just wish I could get a nexus 4.
I booked a mobile on 1 Aug at 11:59 PM as it was under citibank 10% cash back offer. Flip Kart delivery was as always awesome and I recieved a mobile on 3rd Aug 3pm. To be very frank I had earlier used samsung Galaxy Y. Hence, the below review is totally with compare to this phone.(which I think is no way comparable but only for those who want to upgrade.) 1) The mobile needs a micro sim card. Hence, you will have to get your sim car cut from the local mobile shop before you use it. They will Charge Rs30/- or do it free of charge. 2) The phone has a very good display. 3) It doesn't have FM radio as of now, but some of my friends told with some updates it will sooner be there. Though, in their booklet they have mention we can have fm radio, seems like it will be chargeable. I had not tried that yet. 4) You can download a songs, you tube video directly and its quite fast. 5) Voice quality of incoming calls and songs are good. 6) Photos though don't have flash but photos clicks in our room having tube lights are preety good. 7) Big flix subscription is free for 6 months as mentioned in spec. But when I played the video and drag the slider, it gave me meesage you 10 min of usage is done kindly subscibe. but later it played without subscibing. Note: I'm not a big fan for Bigflix and had ssue with them when they were deliverying CDs and suddenly switch to online streaming not even refudning the fees. Hence, I will never subscribe don't know if they suddently charge after 6 months without intimation :). 8) Here Map and Drive App , as mentioned in booklet you don't need to be online to find a location or while driving. This will save lot of money. 9) No bluetooth if you want to transfer data to non windows phone.(Not tried but other friend told). But I think this is for securtiy purpose. 10) I had downloaded temple run and its working. This review is just after two day. Will keep posting if I find more. Regarding windows phone, I think the more you get to know it , it will offer you more.
I was previously using Nokia E-5. Finally time came to change the phone. Allthough e 5 is still working like anything, one of the best e series by Nokia. So i was never a heavy Android fan & always hated Blackberry because of useless heavy charges. I saw most of the Android phones were just mean meant for useless gaming, heavy battery usage and lot of s*** apps which used to slowdown the phone. So practically if you are not gaming freak and have got something inside your head, just dont go for Android , it is even used by Chinese phones and feel like s***. So i knew that i am going to purchase a Windows phone because:_ 1. SPEED 2. NO HANGING 3. REQUIRED LESS RAM. 4, MAIN THING IS WINDOWS 8, ITS JUST AWESOME AT THIS PRICE. Now i considered HTC AND Nokia. htc at this price was giving more features such as flash. Still i considered Nokia because of reliability factor. LUMIA 520 IS SIMPLY AWESOME AT ITS PRICE RANGE. Few drawbacks- No flash, Plastic body, Battery. Still at this price range you get- W8, remarkable touchscreen, all usefull apps totally free, Sharp looks, Best sound quality , 8 gb space, Games :D and much much much more..... One awesome thing is that any task , any task because of processor and w8, it never never takes more than 30 seconds can u beleive it. IT just Superfast. Simply awesome JUST DONN THINK MUCH BRING THIS PHONE AND IT WILL CHANGE YOU.
hey u guys thinking about buying a phone with good specs under 10k no phone is even close to this...the features of this phone speak themselve..the camera is good not amazing but check the price only 10k.... dont think about it ,, JUST GO FOR IT...
My review after using it for 2 weeks Pros: 1 .Battery lasts for 1.5 days with 6-7 hours of 3G 2. Touch response is good. (Sometimes too good to handle , please see cons section ) 3. Sleek and good looks 4. Offline voice recognition system , which is just a delight to use to control the phone (even works fine in very noisy places. 5. Easy to setup email for various mail servers. 6. Good call quality/ voice clarity . Cons 1. Windows OS ecosystem still needs some time to get matured. Apps are very naive. For example till now I could not find a decent PDF reader in windows store. 2. No customization: For example the volume control is same for incoming ring tone as well as listening to songs.I am missing a lot of calls because of they are not audible(I generally listen to songs at low volume). Brightness has no slider. In stead it has 3 modes High , medium and low . Low is bright enough to make you blind while reading in pitch black. 3. For some reason , when I am using the phone using my left hand , it is not recognizing my touch gestures.Esp. the back key,it never seems to work. 4. After using for 2 weeks , the phone is becoming unresponsive at times. It does not acknowledge when I press windows/ back button. 5. Sometimes the phone is also killing an app which I have just minimized after few minutes. 6. Nokia music player downloads music of very low quality.I checked the mp3 files. They are in size of ~1mb, while with 128 kbps bit rate the mp3 are of 4-5 mb generally.That is why the songs are very bland to hear. 7.Apps take a while to come up after you clicked 'em. 8. Temple run was very unresponsive while I played it on this phone. 9. Aha !! super responsive touch screen : if I accidentally don't shut off the screen and put the phone in my pocket, it starts calling to the last number and sends messages too on its own!! N.B:I was in a sense of urgency.My samsung galaxy s phone suddenly died,so I purchased Lumia 520 from a local retailer. That to in a day. Hence I could not order from Flipkart even though it was quoting the lowest. ################################################### After using for almost 1 month, buttons have become unresponsive. The OS is rebooting sometimes automatically. Apps are coming now even more slower. Not sure, if it is just me !! Giving it 2 stars
This is the best phone with best hardware and software specs at the price given. It is the only branded phone (other than Indian brands like micromax, etc.) having dual core processor and that too the Qualcomm Krait (not mediatek or brodcomm) which is one of the best processors in the market till date. The phone is good in feel and looks like a costly phone in the hand
its Nice phone, camera awesome, battery also good, games also good, temple run its working smoothly and lot of other games also there, my rating for this phone 8 for out of 10, bad thing only screen scratches , we will take care about screen, put it good screen guard, its good
Flipkart had a great deal going for this phone, so i picked it up thinking I'd just gift it to some one. However, once the phone arrived I was so impressed with it that i kept it for myself. Build quality -Nokia has hit it out of the park with the build quality. It feels like a phone twice it's price point. screen - brilliant but a little difficult to use in sunny conditions battery - was worried about battery life but it's all good and charges fast. os - brilliantly responsive but a sparse appstore music - disappointed that it doesn't have an equalizer.
I dont understand why lumia series is not having some basic features. i.e. Data usage and sms counter and spl call timing log. Its the very basic feature which is the most needed thing and is missing. what the hell. how are u guys going to compete with your rivals. i was a dam nokia fan. From 1100-3610-6600-7610-6260-6681-E63 and finally N8, i have bought all of them, i was happy and satisfied. But then i bought nokia lumia 520 and within 15 days i am going to sell it. i have an airtel post paid connection with limited internet, i was shocked when my bill came my data usage was over and it cost me 1500 excess as i cant check it. i heard about Data sense but after one year of its release its not there in store. Except that phone is awesome no doubt. if anyone knows the solution then do tell me.
I bought this phone as Android is too common these days. Above all Windows is much more easier to use than Android, Fast browsing, User friendly interface (has always been Nokia's benchmark.) In this budget Lumia 520 is worth buying. Although sometimes games crash while playing(once in a hundred.) Camera doesn't give quality pictures in dull light and upon zooming in. Its worth buying. Go ahead.
Phone is good.Great interface.But basic functions activation is a little complication unnecesaryly,for eg;detecting bluetooth devices or adding ur songs as a phone ringtone The phone is super sleek and great screen resolution. The smart shoot is a great function,
Late delivery by 4 days. Though the product was lying in local courier office, no one bothered to deliver. Even after repeated calls, no use. Support center is very polite but they dont take necessary steps fast to resolve issue - In short, USELESS. Product is good for the budget. No other phone in this range can beat it. There are some limitations, but we can't expect everything for 10k, can we?
Superb service from flipkart, Bang on time or I should say before time. Highly professional approach. It's good that they finally withdrew their pact with BlueDart. Great service from Ekart. No words for the Flipkart Team simply awesome. And Lumia 520 is value for money.
my first phone was Nokia 1100. it was awesome, i used it for 3.5 years but it's still with me, just it's battery got damaged. after that phone i got myself a Sony Ericsson W810i. it was another awesome phone. but after i got a job, i switched to samsung smartphone galaxy s duos. it was the most amazing phone for me as i never used a smartphone before. the display was big, i was able to email with ease, browse web pages comfortably. but unfortunately my samsung was stolen from my office drawer on the first week of May 13. so I was looking for a mid range phone -basically a smart phone as i already got the taste of it. then one of my friend suggested me lumia 820 but it was too expensive for me so i opted for lumia 520 and i finally bought it. and oops I FALL IN LOVE WITH MY PHONE. THE MOST AMAZING AND AWESOME PHONE I HAVE EVER USED... more then average battery life, easy mail set up, nice camera even if without flash, EXCEL, PDF, POWERPOINT, WORD what else you want from your phone??? in a way if some one wouldn't have stolen my samsung, i wouldn't have discovered this awesome phone The interface is so nice, most easy to use just makes me remember my 1100. THE MOST SEXY, ELEGANT, STYLISH AND POWERFUL PHONE. SALUTE TO NOKIA.
I used blackberry devices for over 5 years, android one for over a year and Windows 8 over a month. I like Nokia Lumia the best, then blackberry (for rigidity, great battery life and simplicity) and then comes Android. Lumia would not hang unlike Android which every now and then would hang despite being a latest device with ample of RAM and a dual core processor. Nokia here maps is such a beauty and works wonder in Pune City. The 520 is just over Rs. 9000 now, more than worth that price. I am loving the phone totally... the only thing that I am annoyed of is the battery life with 3G on, else it rocks.
ha ha ha,,hey you psycho good joke. it seems like you own a scam-sung ban-droid and now come to know how great windows phone is. so you are feeling jealous. anyway it was a good joke. i won't explain again because people who love windows phone already knows what is it & how it works. stop campaigning for ban-droids on windows thread because even if ban-droid profits, they will not pay you a single penny LOLZ.
using it from the past 18 days.since it haven't lagged at-least once.the best phone under 10 k.i brought it for 9.5 k for me and in 6 days price dropped to 8.4 k.but i brought one phone for my friend then.and after price hiked again to 9.8 k :D.my friend is lucky got this phone for just 8.4 k.but it worth 10 k,really.u'll never regret about phone.And its sooo good looking phone.even better looks than lumia 620. 1/fast charging,less than 1.5 hrs to full battery. 2/good battery backup.6 hrs on full continuous wi-fi use.lasts one day on moderate 2G internet and phone calls. 3/has lots of features.panorama,animation maker,and the HD recording is good.nice camera. 4/u really love windows8,its far better than any android. 5/ internet explorer is too good mobile browser. 6/voice recognition works well,message reader is also better than before. 7/nokia(here) maps are really better than google maps.coz they works too good offline.unlimited maps with voice navigation and lots of languages u can download. I CANT SAY ANY MORE,CAUSE THERE ARE LOTS OF REVIEWS AND LOTS OF OPTIONS. ITS A BEST BUY.JUST BUY WITH UR EYES CLOSED. CHECK FLIPKART DAILY FOR PRICE DROP,AND BUY WHEN U GET IT FOR LESS THAN 9 K. IT REALLY WORTH 10 K,BUT WE ARE INDIANS AND HAVE TO EXPECT A LESS PRICE THAN ITS REAL VALUE. :D :D Upadate: after using for 1 year.i'm really satisfied with this phone.now the price is just around 7 k.oh god..too cheep...phone really working so nice.playing many games including templerun 2,nokia modern mayor and etc.some times lags.rest of the normal rime,it's awesome.got nokia black software update.looking for cyan update. note:if you guys have little money more you can go for Lumia 630 single or double sim.i got lumia 630 single sim for 8,600/- rs for my friend.i got it for that price becoz my another friend is nokia dealer now. :D lumia 630 looks bit nice than lumia 520,disappointing is 512 MB RAM like 520.
Hi, I ordered the phone from flipkart (Its my first Electronic online purchase) , phone was delivered in great condition . Thanks Flipkart keep up the good work . Now , coming back to the point ,I've used Canvas 2 , Sony Xperia sola & P , & ipad mini . But after using this windows OS which provides every functionality what other OS hav to offer this is what we called as FLUID it really flows. Ipad mini can compete with it but it loses in not having Live Tiles , what I called one screen info (U can keep all ur apps on 1 Single screen ), shape & build quality ,it really feels bullet proof(same with 720, 820,920) offline Navig., & many more ..... features . My phone's Keyboard responds even If I just hover my finger over that particular alphabet or app . It really feels Hi-tech . The apps are tested by Microsoft and then they are uploaded on Win. Store so no trouble in installing them . It gives great speed in 2G too. Voice assisted here drive is bonus , good for bikers . I m one havng R15. Just go for it even if u are upgrading from Samsung star or others .
My 10 days experience with lumia 520, 1. Super sensitive and vivid IPS display, 2. Exceptional build quality( Dropped phone once still no scratch!) , 3. No hangs or freezes even after downloading number of apps(Big +), 4. 1Ghz Dual Core S4 Processor Handles all tasks with ease, 5. Played many heavy games like Drift Mania Championship 2, Royal Revolt ,Temple Run without issues, 6. Over 1,45,000 QUALITY APPS(Checked by microsoft) in the store from all major developers, 7. Call Quality is AMAZING Thanks to Active Noise Cancellation feature, 8. Camera is Amazing in its Segment, 9. Here Drive and Maps are accurate, 10.Free 3 months unlimited access to Nokia Music, 11.GPS tracks location pinpoint. A MUST BUY PHONE AND DON'T LISTEN TO ANY FAKE REVIEWS.....
Fed up with ANDROID.??? Go for LUMIA.. .................................... its awesome... breaking the monotony of android phones.. ................................ apps works fine & very fast compare to android phones
First of all hats off to flipkart delivery.. Got this phone on next day of order placement pluse saved like Rs. 600 with discount.. Now as for the phone best phone no doubt abt it... bellow 10k with Windows 8 u can not expect more .. Phone works good no problems at all.. As for apps yeah there are not that many apps available on windows store but again with android market we dont use more specifically dont need that many applications.. If YOU WANNA PLAY ANGRY BIRDS AND TEMPLE RUN AND THOSE APPS DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.. All the useful apps are available for free so no worry there.. Not this but whole Lumia series is more for professional people.. You get MS ward, Excel the whole package, so this is the best deal u get for 10k... And one more thing Nokia city Lens is not available for Lumia 520..
No pirated apps Songs u can play anything, no DRM's u can copy from your laptop/system and play
ADVANTAGES................... 1) Storage capacity is very high (Supports 72GB Storage) 2) Max it can play 1080p videos. 3) This phone has Word, Excel & Power Point 2012 4) It has IPS LCD Display. 5) Windows 8 Operating System. 6) Very high & good resolution ( 233PPI). 7) Price is NOT very high(9000+ bugs/rupees). 8) Takes very LESS time to Recharge the battery from 0% to 100 %( It is taking 60 Minutes for me) 9) VERY STYLISH PHONE AND GOOD LOOKING IN THIS RANGE.. 10) you r getting dual core under 9500... 11) NICE TOUCHSCREEN....very very senistive..slight touch is enough... 12) Very high speed........... 13) 5 mp camera....more than sufficient for me 14) sufficient apps .... 15) Games never hang or lag.... 16) Nokia music lets you download all latest and old songs direct to the phone. Even regional language songs. 17) multitasking easily possible and no lag or hang in between..... so overall it is best phone below 9500... although it is very good phone..it has few disadvantages noticed by me......... DISADVANTAGES............ 1)"There is no secondary camera in this phone" 2)"Pictures taken at low light are not good" 3) "No file manager" 4)"NO FLASH" 5) "Physical camera key is hard to press"... 6)"quality of ear phones is not good".. 7)" F.M. Radio is not available in this phone". otherwise it is good phone to have if ur budget is below 9500...and if u r bored using android..... most of above disadvantages get resolved in "Nokia lumia 620" .. so decide what to do...good luck....
It's been a week since I bought this phone. 1.IE is good but it ain't fast as chrome in Android.you can use nokia xpress or uc browser if you want to browse in 2G. 2.Battery lasts 1 1/2 days for a hour of telephony,a hour of gamin(asphalt heat,jetpack joyride) and half a hour of browsing over wifi. 3.Xbox is good but most of games are paid and also overpriced( eg gravity guy costs 160 INR ,contre jour-160 INR). 4. WIFI hotspot functionality works like a charm and it worked with my nexus 7 5.Microsoft windows keyboard is best in business even better than the Google keyboard for android. 6.Camera button is quirky but manageable. Camera is good but due to lack of a flash it doesn't turnout much useful in lowlight 7.UI is smooth not as laggy as android in my nexus 7. RAM is just 512MB so you can't play temple run 1 and brave but one can't expect much in a low range phone 8.Touchscreen feels good and Display won't be too good in sunlight 9.And there is file transfer on Bluetooth I was able to send pictures ,PDF file s from my nexus 7 and alienware to my 520 10.And download shortcut tiles if you want fast access to settings like bluetooth,wifi,etc,.. 11.Multitasking is not as good as android so if you are playing a game and if you want to check the internet you cant do that you can only attend calls or send texts while gaming 12.Only thing missing is an notification center and battery percentage icon at the top. Conclusion: Overall it's a gem of a phone for this price
its a worth buy, based on its price, features and design. the main thing its a brand Nokia. In this price range, you can't get a perfectly smooth Android smartphone, so the light-on-the-hardware Windows Phone 8 is really made to count. Of course, that comes at the price of somewhat more limited functionality but little of it should matter to those shopping on a budget.
First i was hesitant on buying this due to lack of apps as pointed out by many critics and shopkeepers alike.But as i researched a little i found that all necessary apps which would entertain me and would be functional were easily available on WP8. Some notable features over other phones- -HERE maps are excellent -So is MS Office -Very smooth exp as compared to 10k android phones -Excellent speech recognition software -Full HD playback -Nokia Music -Excellent display and camera Some specifications that may not suit you- -Screen size=4.0, you may prefer 5 inch screens -You may prefer a better app ecosystem Overall,i feel this is an excellent buy for someone looking to buy a mobile which is a great multimedia exp and would not like lakhs of apps
Awesome service by Flipkart. And great phone for decent work. I think this is the best budget smartphone in this range. Windows OS is very quick than Android for this range. The only drawback is the app market which is not as rich as other OS' market. But still, basic apps are there to keep you busy. The battery backup seems to be very good for a smartphone. Better than Android. The phone is also very good looking. This is not a very high end phone, but for its price, its better than others. Overall, love this phone. Thanks to Nokia and Flipkart for good product and good service.
Firstly, flipkart delivery is outstanding. Kudos flipkart. Secondly, Nokia is getting back on the league. Pros: -Build quality is very good. -Camera is crisp. No flash though. -The touch almost feels like you are using an iPhone. Almost there. The on screen keypad is very intuitive. Sometime I don't even touch the screen, just come very close and it does it for you, very sensitive. -Decent dual core performance. Not for high end gamers. -Office and Here maps are great. -Apps, sufficient for normal user who is not worried about more functionality. Many apps are being developed and released. It's just a matter of time. -Look, feel and colours are awesome. Cons: -No front cam, how much can we ask at this price range. -Cant meet upto iOS, android with respects to Apps. -WP8, would still need some upgrades and tweaks. For example, we cannot switch off auto rotation. This is basic thing that needs to be fixed. -512 RAM, though I don't feel this is less, but high end games might not run. Again considering the price range, can't expect everything. -No in-ear headphones. Happy surfing!!
I have had previous experience with a Windows Phone 7.5 device, a Nokia Lumia 900 that I bought for a close friend of mine. Windows Phone is such an operating system that it works efficiently and fluidly even on a moderately low specced device. Considering all these, I decided to purchase the Lumia 520 to replace a Nokia N9 (which, by the way, is not available in India). I bought it for a 5% discount over the listed price of Rs. 10,399, that is, Rs. 9784. Flipkart's delivery was prompt, and the device arrived on the day it was estimated to be delivered. Moving on to the actual product. Opening the box, this phone does not at all feel like a below Rs. 10k device. I have yet to see such build quality anywhere else, for the price. *cough* Samsung *cough* Galaxy S IV feels cheaper in certain ways, and that is a device that costs four times as much. The back has a soft-touch rubber-like matte finish that feels durable as well as grippy. The front is all glass (not the Corning Gorrilla Glass, though) and the volume, sleep and camera buttons are constructed from glossy black plastic. There's a subtle 'Nokia' branding in black on the back. Overall, the design of the phone is understated and classy and is very comfortable to hold in the hand owing to the contoured shape of the back. Pressing and holding the power button till the phone vibrates, brings the 4.0 inch IPS LCD screen to life. The resolution is 800x480 in a 15:9 ratio. Of course, the pixel density is no match for the 400+ ppi 1080p displays of the S IV, Xperia Z or HTC One, but the display is adequate for day to day use. I have heard many complaints on the internet that due to this not being a clear black display, the colour reproduction and contrast ratios were not correct. I would beg to differ, as this is the best display that I have used, other than the one on the new 5th generation iPod touch (which has a professionally calibrated IPS LCD). Colours are not oversaturated and punchy like the S IV. They just seem natural. Text is crisp and sharp enough and sunlight readability is good enough. I would tell the the display is excellent considering the price of this phone. The software is as fluid as anything can be. Android comes nowhere close to how this device performs under load. Every app launches quickly, animations are handled well and I have not experienced any hangs or crashes just yet. It's been one week since I have been using this phone. The audio quality is excellent. Of course, an equalizer is sorely missed, but the default audio output sounded well balanced even through a set of Sennheiser HD 239 headphones. The bass is punchy, and the treble clear. I am not going to talk about the specifications of the processor or GPU here, because that tends to confuse the majority of people reading this review. Moreover, such things do not matter if the software is taken care of, accordingly. Overall, the phone is an excellent purchase for first time smartphone buyers, and for anyone for that matter. The only downsides that I can think of, is the lack of a camera flash, a front camera and an audio equalizer. Of course, if your budget allows it, and if you really need these features, do consider the Lumia 620 and its more expensive sibling, the Lumia 720.
i just bought this lumia 2 days before from a shop.itz just awesom, go for it.. value for money.. windows 8 is far better than so called androids... Nokia is always king in cellular industry... No one can beat it.
I bought this product 2 weeks ago from Nokia Store(as it was out of stock that time on flipkart).Its just awesome.I like it very much.I was bored from android and Symbian so I decided to switch to Windows 8.Its worth every penny.It is very affordable and pack some features of a high end smartphone.The only problem I felt is heating up of phone but it is not a great issue.I recommend it to all.Its a must buy smartphone if your budget is 10,000.One more thing I want to share with all if after purchasing you get problems like your phone hangs a lot or any app don't work properly do update your handset.It will solve your problem.It is a great phone.Enjoy.....!!!!
Just gets little bit hotter.... Otherwise super phone.... Chose it over lumia 620,xolo q800,karbon s2,samsung s duos,.... White color is the best..it goes better with the black screen and keys.. pros: 1)great look 2)good display 3)fast processing 4)smooth ui 5)connectivity cons : 1) gets hot
THIS IS MY FIRST SMARTPHONE LUMIA 520. AFTER A LONG SEARCH ON VARIOUS MOBILES SITES INCLUDING FLIPKART, GSM ARENA,FONE ARENA AND SO ON I DECIDED TO GO WITH NOKIA AGAIN. YES ONCE AGAIN BECAUSE I HAD A NOKIA 6600 8 YRS BACK. AFTER USING 2 WKS I AM WRITTING THIS REVIEW I AM NOT GOING THROUGH PROS AND CONS. ITS A GREAT PHONE TO HAVE . ITS HAVING ALL GOOD FEATURES INCLUDING LOOKS. WINDOWS 8 IS GREAT NO COMPLAINT ABOUT THAT . I DONT THINK WHY PEOPLES ARE COMPLAINING ABOUT APPS. JUST WANT TO SAY PL USE FIRST AND THEN SAY SOMETHING. ONE THING NOKIA IS BACK IN MARKET
Windows 8 Phone for 10K, you can close your eyes and get this phone. No one can beat the look and feel effects given microsoft, also the IPS display from the nokia makes the phone even look better. I have checked the reviews for this phone, it is just awesome. Due to its heavy demand, i have waited for a month to get this phone. This phone is just awesome.
Super fast service by flipcart, got my order in 2 days. super sensitive touch gives an awesome feel and design, build quality is upto the mark. Facebook and phone contacts sync is another excellent future. overall good experience.
what to say about this phone ! i am amazed the touch is so smooth it dosen't hangs as the android phones . big display . though i bout this from eBay for 9990 ( as it was not available on flipkart ) . Nokia Lumia 520 is a good phone at a decent price.The design and performance of the mobile are good. you must buy this ....its damn good :D :)
First this mobile is better than sony experia e or htc c. Nokia has more features than any other mobile (under 10k).it has better display and sound quality everthing. My friend has experia e. experia e also have many features but it doesn't beat nokia lumia 520.And my friends mobile normal hangs.Lumia lacks only in apps & games. I can easily give 4 & half out of 5 stars.Thankyou!!Best buy nokia lumia 520.
Having been an ardent smartphone technology follower, I have been flummoxed by how much the smartphones have been targeted at an elite group of users. It is pretty obvious that these days everyone prefers a smartphone due to the basic convenience and state-of-the-art features it brings to the table. This is where I think Nokia has set a benchmark by introducing affordable smartphones in the Lumia series that do no compromise on features for the sake of cost. My Nokia Lumia 520 is a prime example of this. With the spanking new Windows Phone 8 OS onboard, my Lumia 520 provides a great seamless interface that is fun to navigate on and so convenient with its “in your face” display theme. Everything is arranged in tiles on the home screen, right from my contacts, apps, games and everything else that I need handy. With Live Tiles, all the social networking updates of my friends and family are dynamically loaded on my home screen, so that I don’t have to login to individual social networks and scroll through the profile pages. I can easily post my own updates too. The app centre is developing every day and more and more apps for the entertainment, gaming and utility arenas are emerging. Nokia hasn’t compromised on the build quality of the Lumia 520. It integrates a 4-inch IPS LCD touch screen display that provides a resolution of 800 x 480 pixels. Protected by scratch-resistant glass, this touchscreen display is perfect for rough users like me. Being slim and compact, this phone is slimmer than its elder cousin – the Lumia 620, and is a breeze to carry around. My Lumia 520’s exterior has a rugged polycarbonate chassis and comes with bright-coloured panels that liven up my life. I selected my Lumia 520 in classy cyan, and bought a couple of covers to complement my wardrobe. The Qualcomm MSM8227 CPU dual core 1GHz processor churns out an impressive performance and in tandem with the onboard 512 MB RAM, makes my multitasking escapades a total joy. With the integrated Adreno 305 GPU, HD gaming takes on a whole new dimensions with no lags or buffering, and great detail. This also works well for browsing web 2.0 webpages with dynamic content. The 5 MP camera on my Lumia 520 is great to click amazing snaps with. To add to the efficacy, it comes with digital lenses that enhance the overall photography experience. With Smart Shoot, I can click a series of snaps of the same subject composition and then selectively create a perfect shot. The Cinemagraph feature helps me animate still images, making them come alive with a smile or a frown, and post them to social networks. I can even record 720p movies in all their glory and later enjoy them on the crystal clear screen of my Lumia 520. With navigation apps like the HERE Maps, HERE Transit and HERE Drive, I can reach all my destinations without getting lost and having to ask directions. This not just saves time, but precious fuel too.
Nokia Lumia 520 is a good phone at a decent price.The design and performance of the mobile are good.Photo enthusiasts might prefer to have flash along with the camera.Overall a well manufactured product from Nokia.
this is the best smartphone under 10k & flipkart's service rocks as usual. Thinner than expected and feels good in hands · Camera does a good job, a lot of innovative lenses to choose from. · Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on · Games never hang or lag · Full MS office suit. · Build quality is awesome with a mat finish on its back which gives a firm grip.
For 10k this phone is yummie.... +ve: 5mp cam video rec internet its far better compared 2 other phone looks -ve: no way 2 open memory card but music and videos can b viewed from nokia musics heating issue while browsing
Dear Friends, After Long investigation of This Lumia 520 finally i bought this one on 02-5-2013.Now I can say that it was my Perfect decision on all ways.Leave all doubts to your home regarding this product such as battery life,Heat up battery,hanging of Phone,Display quality etc. etc. Go for it and after receiving the Stylish Phone u will be compel to write a feedback like me. Some Really Good things regarding this phone are: 1. Great Look like Apple Phone 2. Display is Awesome 3. Battery Life is Very Good. 4. All important Apps. are here. 5. Camera is Really Good, Plenty of picture taking options are here. 6. HD Quality Video recording is Perfect. 7. Touch is very smooth.U will feel like cutting butter with hot Knife. 8. Rs.10000 is throw away price for this perfect model of NOKIA
Hi Everybody, ***** First of all, i think you don't have better touchscreen experience available in the market in this range. ***** Also, when comes to internet speed, it's great !!! ** Yes, the LED Flash could be a negative side, but whoops, we have got enough fast working and an awesome looking OS. * So, for those who believes in Android and Like having new apps every now and then, this would not be a better option. **** But yes, if you donot really believe in photography with the mobile, and want the following: --> fast internet surfing --> easy and quick chatting --> social networking --> good touchscreen --> good looking, stylish mobile --> excellent FAST OS. Please go for it, u will never regret for buying it in this range.. The Summary would be : TouchScreen--->: 5.0 Net Surfing----->: 4.5 Camera---------->: 3.0 Interface--------->: 4.5 Video Rec.----->: 4.0 Battery---------->: 4.0
The Nokia Lumia 520 is a powerhouse in terms of entertainment and features. It’s the perfect solution to a dull day. It’s sleek design and vibrant colours never fail to light up my day! It’s available in a variety of colours to suit individual tastes. I chose yellow. Coupled with the delightful build quality, it surely is a treat to both the eye and touch! The Lumia 520 phone is no doubt a style statement in itself. The powerful 1 Ghz Dual Core Snapdragon S4 Processor powers through the most demanding applications whether for business or leisure, delivering a fast, efficient, lag-free performance. The Windows Phone 8 Operating System that is featured on the Lumia 520 is a great way of staying updated with my social life even while on the move. The Live Tiles feature automatically keeps all the apps up-to-date on my home screen. Navigation through the phone is also a breeze! The phone also has great support for multitasking, which means I can play games, edit documents and watch movies, all at the same time. Whether using the phone’s in-built MS Office or various apps, games or multimedia, performance is never compromised. The Nokia Lumia 520 boasts of an excellent 5 MP camera that is guaranteed to fill my photo albums with some great snaps. My friends and I can’t seem to get enough of it while on trips and at parties. The Cinemagraph and Smart Shoot features add a whole new dimension to my photography. Not only do my photos look better than ever, but for the first time I can actually control a person’s expression and prevent it from ruining a potentially beautiful picture! The digital Smart Shoot lens lets me do this by capturing multiple snaps of the moment. The Cinemagraph feature lets me play around with my pictures. I can add a smile to a face, animate images and much more! Music lovers like me will also feel really satisfied with the Lumia 520. It has a huge collection of tracks from an amazing variety of genres and artists. It is a great way of keeping in tune with the latest music. The Nokia Mix Radio lets me choose from up to 150 mixed track lists to be sure that I am never bored! It definitely adds some fun to a monotonous day. Sometimes, I like to generate my own track list to suit my mood. One of the coolest features is that these tracks are available offline. I can post links on Facebook recommending a track for my friends. It’s pretty neat! Travel with the Nokia Lumia 520 is a whole new experience. I have lost track of the number of places I have explored since buying my phone. The HERE Maps, HERE Drive and HERE Transit apps give me the freedom to travel like never before. Whether roaming on the countryside or in the streets of the city, I can be sure that my phone will allow me to get the best out of my trip! All in all, the Nokia Lumia 520 is what can be described as an amazing product. It definitely is the complete package!
Yesterday i purchased this phone with great difficulty as its out of stock in all the stores including Flipkart. The phone is superb with great features. i was using android for quite sometime, but changing over to windows 8 is a welcome break. Guys who complain about less apps in windows stores should remember that most of the apps in google play are crap. e.g. u hv 50+ mail client apps but out of those hardly 2 r useful, same is with music, pic, calendar, etc apps. and 512 mb RAM for windows phone is more than sufficient Cons : gets heated while charging
I don't own this one but want to buy soon. Nobody has mentioned about missing support for FM radio in their reviews. Of course, rumors are there that soon Microsoft will provide update after which windows phone 8 will support FM radio, but till then we can just hope.
Hi guys i have been using this phone for about 20 days now.....here is my review: Windows 8--->its pretty cool and loaded with tons of feature just like android(i have used that before). People just plainly complain about what they have heard....windows crap,no apps,blah blah blah........Truth is i am loving it along with all of my friends who own windows as well. You will never have to restart your phone just because of slowdown. Never hangs. User interface is awesome. Whats app:lags a bit one major concern Phone-->Lumia 520 does not have NFC sharing so you cannot TAP and SEND although Lumia 620 has along with front VGA and primary camera with Flash and a better screen(reason for 4000 extra cost. Sound--> output is more than awesome Nokia headphone don't provide that much bass( but still very good) i bought Sennheiser headphones and sound is superb. Video->I heard that it cant play 1080px HD videos so I transferred super HD video(198MB) to my phone(which my VLC media player had trouble in playing on my laptop) and it ran smoothly on my phone and i was like totally blank asking myself how can that possible happen???? every bit of that video was crystal clear....The hardware of this phone is more awesome than you can think of... And with this phone i don't feel like i am having a Chinese toy like Samsung which every one is having not because its good but because of its marketing strategies. I can bet user of Samsung will never suggest a Samsung to anyone(leaving aside nexus 3 which was manufacture by Samsung for Google). Cons: Battery is not great(though it lasts more than any of Samsung phone available) as is expected from Nokia but this is what you get at this price. For testing purpose i killed my phone playing music,gaming,surfing every possible think that you can do and it gets heated a bit. Conclusion: At this price you cant get anything better. And in past 15 days 14 updates were provided by Nokia for this phone that shows Nokia is still evolving this phone day by day. And you will never regret after buying this phone.
Phone looks very beautiful and the OS is awesome. Pros:- 1)1 GHZ DUAL CORE PROCESSOR 2)512 Mb ram 3)WP8 is really awesome.Doesn't hang,lag what so ever. 4)Camera (Smart shoot and cinemagraph lenses are awesome) 5)Keyboard is best in its class. 6)Screen is just awesome.U can use the touch screen with a key or wearing gloves 7)Trendy colours. 8)Very loud and clear loudspeaker. 9)Loud Earpiece 10)Offline map with voice guidance. 11)Browser-IE 10 is awesome better browsing than Galaxy S3 Cons:- 1)No. of apps and games (But growing day by day) 2)Battery Backup(Not that bad,lasts a day long.) Overall totally recommended phone. This phn is better than any other phn in its price range,example: Galaxy s,Galaxy Y,Galaxy ace,Xperia U,Optimus l7,Canvas 2,Canvas HD etc. Each phone mentioned sucks.They cant play 1080p videos(except Canvas HD). Hope this review is helpful and assisting for u. thank you.
Thanks to some people, first of all, writing reviews regarding phone, criticizing it out of their ignorance about the os, making me laugh so hard. It must have definitely increased my blood level. lol Coming to review It is just awesome *phone's look.. so premium *sound quality.. good (i won't say about enhancements) but i don't really want one for it's already nice enough *Screen Clarity- crystal clear *Touch.. oh i just love it *Interface.. cool, friendly, clean and must say fresh *Oh forgot about.. social network integration... damn awesome People's hub, linked contacts, Facebook photos in photos section,etc. I am sure everyone shall like as much as I did. *Kids corner is a useful thing *Office, onenote , etc. are really good and usable *And list doesn't end up here, believe me Battery is pretty decent.. not too good not too bad Gives me about a day.. with nominal use (calling, taking photos, viewing video) Drains quickly when downloading on 3g, playing games on xbox (internet) or hard games,etc. Overall it's just decent battery wise (the only thing am not exhilarated about and yah there's a bit of heating issue but not that big.. it heats up while charging. or hard gaming but as said not that big issue) As for apps.. oh c'mmon i could find plenty of them meeting my needs and more are coming So buying it.. Oh yeah!! go for it :) @Abijith - I suppose u didn't get to right software.. i got a "pdf reader" made other than by Microsoft (i don't exactly remember name), rated 4 stars, works really fine for me detecting from sd card and skydrive. Don't know exactly what kind u need.. try on in store, there would be definitely for u.
Great phone... I purchased it on the day of launch only.. I was afraid whether it will up to the mark or not. But its the Best phone one can have at this price. I compared quality of camera of Nokia 520(5 MP) with samsung grand (8 MP). ANd believe me, the quality of 520 was better. At this price, you can't have anything better.
Hi, I bought this mobile 1 week back. Despite all my friends adviced to go for Android I decided to go for Windows mobile. After getting the mobile am happy that i took right decision. I am so happy with Windows8. Lumia 520 looks awesome. Some of my friends who dont know the price have estimated price over 10K.. Using Windows8 experience is awesomeeeeee... All the feautures looking prettty different goood:):) If you can compromise front camera and Camera with out Flash Simply go for Nokia 520 with out seconde thoughtttt!!!!
It's very good phone...no doubt and it's value for money... music... touch .. other basic and important features are avillable.. but the phone is having problem to connect 3G network.. i am using this phone last one week .. it's not detecting any 3G Network but it's connecting all 2G, Edge network... May be it's not a fault of Nokia ... we hope so it's some configurations need to be done from service provider side... i have browsed all the sites from Wifi... the speed is acceptable .. recommended phone on the lower budge with higher money value...
Thanks to Nokia for great design and ultimate IPS LCD display. With 480x800 resolution, the display has accurate color and text seems smoother & clear. Windows Phone 8 OS - Simple & Superb Love the interface, start metro tiles, lock screen.. etc. But still more features, options need to be added like file manager, touch seek during mp3 playback, call duration and many more. Overall its a great phone around 10K budget. Just go for it :)
If you are running tight on a budget and 10k is the maximum you can stretch there are hardly any options under Android form MNCs, hardly because the one's in this price range do not provide a very good experience. And I am not too sure about other Indian brands which are out there. Considering these constraints the Nokia Lumia 520 comes as a fresh breath of air and a very strong option in the 10k bracket. Build Quality: The phone quality is surprisingly very good, the build quality was the first thing which grabbed my attention when I took it out of the box. The back plastic is matt finish which gives it a good grip and the curved sides sink into your hands perfectly. The volume, power, camera buttons are also quite sturdy and not flimsy. Display: The display is 4" IPS LCD it has very good viewing angles and colors look good, but not punchy like its costlier siblings. But by far better than other phones in this price range. Hardware: Lumia shares same dual core S4 Processor, Graphics Processor & 512 MB ram as its siblings like 620 & 720 so in terms of performance its same. YOu get in build memory of 8GB out of which around 2 GB is taken by OS, so you still have 6 GB. In case this is not enough for you there is expandable memory upto 64GB supported. Software: 520 is powered by the latest Windows OS, WP8. The interface is very fluid and smooth with no lag whatsoever. You can pin anything on the homescreen in the form of tile even contacts. If you are moving from other OS it migh take some time to get used to the interface otherwise it grows on you quickly. Few Cons, Software: Having said this there are some infty things which will annoy you. There is no audio equalizer in the audio settings as if now, a software update might fix this. The audio bar even when the song is not playing reflects in the locked screen which is disturbing, so you need to download an app to remove it. Camera: 520 has 5MP Auto Focus camera minus the flash. The day time pictures are good with fine details and color reproduction. which is a boon at this price range. The macro shots capture even the minute details effortlessly. And then you have the Nokia apps like Smart shoot, Cinemagraph, etc. which are specific to Lumia phones. Indoor, Evening/night shots are a serious no because of lack of Flash Battery: Battery life is pretty good. With modest usage of 2 hrs of calls, 2hrs of web browsing little bit of gaming and few activities here and there it will last you for a entire day and still have some juice left. Other Benefits: Other key point is that you get apps like Nokia Here & Nokia Drive apps, you can download maps for India and get offline navigation which is great. Plus Nokia music with free subscription for limited period. You can download music free of cost during this time. Big Flix app you can watch free movies on your phone. Inter changeable cover help you keep your phone new. Against 620 & 720: The older siblings although have same hardware differ in terms of Camera, Display & Build. Which is obvious considering the price point to which they cater to. But you will still get the same software experience across. Wrap up: All in all when compared to other phones 520 does its job perfectly. As the day passes you will like it even more. Although the lack of apps in comparison to Android will be detrimental, common apps like Watsapp, Twitter, FB, etc are all up there (No Instagram yet). So if you want to try out WP8 OS this can workout as a good phone to begin with.
In this range it is best mobile in the market. Pros : - · Thinner than expected and feels good in hands · Camera does a good job, a lot of innovative lenses to choose from. · Silky smooth UI which never hangs · Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on · Games never hang or lag · Offline maps with Nokia Here works smoothly (Still Google maps are better) · Nokia music lets you download all latest and old songs direct to the phone. Even regional language songs. · Full MS office suit. · Build quality is awesome with a mat finish on its back which gives a firm grip. Cons:- · Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present. · No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation.
Welcome back Nokia - It seems you have given a winner of a phone. I have always been a Nokia fan and was quite taken aback by the Android/Samsung avalanche. And then Lumia happened. I bought the 520 against the tidal wave on pre-order. Boy, it is great and overwhelming at this price. I'll put it simply rather that going into elaborate details - I am finding it great ! Fantastic touch, fantastic colours, fantastic functions, beautiful! Does not have a front camera, doesn't have temple run - but at least I don't need it. Has all the sober apps and other good games and the numbers are steadily growing in the WP & Nokia store. Go and buy it ! I am sure you will not regret your decision.
Bought this mobile(cyan color) from local shop at the price of 10000/-. The product is amazing and ease to use. Perfect combination Nokia and Microsoft. The phone looks premium and stylish. No need to say about widows 8 interface, as many of the people said about that. Overall worth buying. GO FOR IT.
Excellent ergonomics. Screen super, sensational touch. Flawless navigation and speedy processing. Applications that could be installed free of cost: LinkedIn, Facebook, Yahoo Mail, Gmail, Hotmail, WhatsApp, IM+, Google, Skype, PDF Reader, YouTube and many more. What extra does Android offer........other than free games. Yes, games are bit less (for free).....but many more are coming.
First positive points- asthetically pleasing n premium feel, very responsive touch screen, overall a decent mobile. negative points- very few usable apps, no fm radio, if u want a different OS experience at a decent price, this phone is for u !!! but if u r a android or ios fan then its better to stick with the same. overall a very good mobile phone
Very much satisfied the phone is really very good, touch is really awesome,start you may feel tough compare to android is but just couple of days once you understand all the options then you only tell I have best phone, processing speed is very good I love nokia Lumia 520
First things First: 1) Phone design is really cool and it feels really good in your hands. 2) Best Ever touch screen, it is super super smooth. (one of the most important part of smartphones) 3) OS doesn't lag at all (Another important thing). Runs smoothly. 4) WP8 interface is beautiful. 5) 4 inch screen does really look good. 6) Wi-fi connectivity and data transfer is really good. 7) Speech Technology is good. you can use it for opening apps when you have many apps installed. 8) Whatever games is compatible with 520 runs super smooth. ( I tried asphalt 5, angry birds all versioon, fruit ninza, 3d bowling, Sims) Limitations: 1) Camera doesn't have flash (Nokia should have given this :-( ) but daylight pictures are good and video is smooth. 2) Sometimes you really feels , they should have had more apps ( for testing and playing around) BUT all important and usefull apps ARE PRESENT. 3) Sound Quality (OK, nothing great). 4) Nokia offline maps is really cool option but I was unable to find my own company in bangalore in Here MAPS :-( (Not as good as google) but it's offline , no net required :).
good mobile under this price range but u can get this mobile for 9500 in nokia store .its nokia i trust in nokia i have nokia touch mobile having no problem for last 5 years ...and the os don't be under control on google. u have no guarantee that ur data is safe ...beware of google...
I ordered it here on 6th april and received it yestesday,almost 15days later because red color was out of stock. Well,I finally got it.Here's my experience of my first Windows Phone: -Red color which looks darker in the pics shown is actually not that dark,It's light red(Which was actually shocking when I first saw but I liked it after using few times). -As many ppl have faced problem in camera button and memory card,both of them works fine in my case. -The heating issue - Heating in the upper back part of phone is not that severe as prescribed by many reviewers..Whatsapp is running in my lumia continuously from past 10 hrs and I am using net for more then 2 hrs still no heating is there. -Earphone looks terrible,just like some cheap local market earphone but the sound quality is very good,It's bad in terms of build but it's actually good if we consider the sound part. -The side buttons are very stiff as they are part of outercase,pressing them is not a good experience but once you get used to it you will feel comfortable using them. -camera is great ,but low light images are not that good,if proper light is there the pics are fabulous. -Screen size is just perfect to use it with single hand,extremely responsive screen. -I feel somewhat terrible to swipe between just two screens in widows phone,data connection is a must if you want your phone to feel good,without data connection it's nothing. overall I'm liking it :)
I got this phone for 10K, here in bangalore mobile shop. we wont get so many features and a stable phone for this price. its really good to use. Windows 8 OS is good to use. the way it works is really great. Need more features to make it more powerful. hope in future there will be so many good apps with good updates. enjoy buying it.
It is a great buy at 10k . Pros: 1) superb value for money, 2)Awesome display and touch, 3)nokia quality and support 4)Office integration is great 5)Live tiles and social network integration. 6)And many more :) Cons: 1)No led flash ,front camera isnt much of a issue for me 2)No compass , Pretty problematic while using navigation in real life. 3)Heat up a lot below camera even after 10 minutes of usage 4)No file manager 5)Browsers dont allow to download files, this is a big headache(tried uc browsers as well and contacted cc they say it isnt suppported) 6)unable to attach more than one file in email. 7)No fm radio ,this isnt a issue for those who dont use it or has 3g(can use internet raadio then) 8)And indic languages arent displayed in Fb and google+ as well, it shows undecoded boxes instead , i think this can be fixed by a software update 9)Lack of certain imp apps and games as we all know 10)cant download torrents, infact u cant download anything except from market store and nokia music, other than that no file download is possible. But at 10k price many of these cons can be neglected to get an experience of wp8 And to improve battery live, turn off location and navigation, close apps properly after using , use back key o close (using windows key wont close them they are just minimised)
Ordered lumia 520 on Saturday evening, received it on Monday morning... wow. That is ease of buying from home. Paid little extra on flipkart but saved on fuel and got 30days replacement guarantee. The product is gr8, smartfone at this price and windows 8 extremely impressive. The app market is limited and needs more frequent updation but tough competition for Google.
nokil lumia 520 is so far the best budget fone available in the market no color saturation ips display better than samsung amoled technology only con is windows app store is lagging far behind android an istore all unnecessary apps loaded notify me when red case is available in the market nevertheless people who bored of using android should give it try if u bargain wid nearby retailers u can get it for Rs 10000
got it in from local retail shop in bhopal yesterday. amazingly superb. Impressive design Feel good in hand amazing display touch is smooth and Because of its 305 GPU play HD and FULL HD videos very nicely.................\ other dual core cheap android phone cant do that......... Go For IT.............................
It is the best phone for this range. And nokia is a reputed brand, at least in hardware sector. don't wait, grab it nw... Bt m nt able to play hd .avi videos plz help. What about.mkv files??? apps are enough on Windows market. New apps will be uploaded
if you really wanted to purchase a phone which can do all the things which other high end phones can do, please close your eyes and purchase it... I am still quizzy as to how nokia has launched such a cheap product with the best quality available on board..I am very happy with the money I spent on the phone.. few things which are cost increasing have been cut off like front cam.. flash...and to other commentors...512 MB RAM is just enough ....provided u play some 3D games awesome speaker with excellent music quality...headset is a waste though... TO ALL INTERESTED ....BUY....BUY....BUY!!
Hello friends,I bought a Lumia 520 white from Flipkart...and its 1 hell of an amazing phone..the camera quality is simply superb and given a smart buy for a Windows 8 phone at Rs.10,499 that too when it comes with a San Disk 8 GB micro SD card is simply awesome..the Windows 8 OS is integrated to the core,with MS office 10 to its service..all this makes you feel that you're holding a mini computer in your hands...Apps similar to that of Android can be installed from windows app store..one small disadvantage is that the phone becomes warm very soon when you are using multiple apps or browsing the net..other than that,the camera has smart shoot and panorama features which is amazing for the phone owner..GET IT>>FLAUNT IT!!!
A very good buy. Screen size and resolution is very good, sensitive touch. Looks very good. Nokia offers a good battery life. I am using it on wifi continuously and its been 1.5 days, and battery can last for 8-10 hrs more, which is never the case with samsung or any other leading brands. Also, samsung heats up if you stream data continuously over network, which i did not see here. Lots of apps available on the store. This is my first windows phone and i'll say, if you are tired of same old android UI, its definitely for you. Only cons are: No FM radio, no flash and no front camera.
I recently bought Nokia 520 as a gift , its a superb phone for the price , feels more premium than the Nokia 820. I own a HTC 8X and seen Nokia 820 owned by my friends ,this model feels at par with the 30K HTC 8X and exceeds the Nokia 820 in looks.
Feel and you will love it. You wont get any high end devices with 10K (Like S-2, S-3, I-4,I-5 etc) Once you use this you wont feel that is 10K. I don't know about Lumia 720 but this is going to be Nokia's one of the best mobile for sure. You can buy without any second though It is my opinion after using it for one month
Why should you buy this phone? 1. The display for this price you get 16m colors ( 256k samsung which i had before). 2.In built 8gb storage plus expandable up to 64gb(190mb of samsung few apps your phone is too slow) 3. And a killer looks with 4inch display feel sorry for who bought 620.(520 is mini 920) 4. Nokia Music yea apps may be less but you get unlimited access of listening and downloading all songs you will love if you are a music lover . 5. Last and final Windows 8 phone with all the features. I am using iphone 5 bought this as a secondary phone buying a Nokia phone after many years i am happy bought a great product. Final words, if you want to buy a phone around 10k range with good features this is the phone for you. Kudos to Nokia & windows.
I have change from Android to windows phone. biggest problem with Android mobile is battery life. Lumia 520 has superb features in camera, battery life, most important is its touch superbbbbbb, interface is also eye catching. internet sharing to laptop is much more easy now. also its operating on latest windows 8. go for it friends!!!!!!!!!!!!!111
At this price I cant get a better phone than any other. at 10000 android phones aren't usable that will hang 10 times a day . All say its processor and ram is less but that's the beauty of Windows Phone . With less it can work much better not power hungry like android phones. Yes few basic functionalties missing 1.Compass 2.Radio 3. Call duration log 4. Auto call recorder hope MS will look into last 3 and Nokia 1st one soon . hence 4star
First of all 'SUPER FAST DELIVERY'! It was delivered in 2 days (Delhi -> Chennai). And a SanDisk 8 GB memory card for free .. About the phone, The build quality was never a problem with Nokia. The design of the phone, the touch and feel are all superb. Though there is no flash, you can do many things with the camera. Office applications are awesome. Very good for business use. Sound is not exploding but is great. Touch is superb (works with nails as well). One can quickly get used to the tiles and OS. Has MicroUSB so connectivity is not an issue as well. Very light weighted and the 4 inch screen is wide and with good quality. Negetives : You can't just drag and drop files! One can use Windows Media Player as a files synchronizer (or download Zune which is bulky), but disappointing that I can't just drag and drop any files. Ex. Drag and drop an mp4 file and find a player to play it Perhaps there are alternatives but I need to explore. Overall feedback, Good phone with great quality. Windows 8 OS is a fresh and a great experience.
Considering the price, it is the best value for money product that anyone get, I mean which other REPUTED mobile manufacturer provides 1)Dual core snapdragon S4 plus processor 2)Free lifetime and offline navigation service 3)512 MB ram 4)Super Sensitive Touch Screen at this price point Also it is the very best phone to experience a windows phone 8 device without spending much money
This phone is amazing! Since, I'm a student its affordable, too. Features and apps just too good, and the best part is the Windows 8 OS! The phone truly has a very sensitive touch and is running apps at a very good speed without any glitches. No downfalls yet, hope there are none. All in all, I'm satisfied with the phone.
Nokia released a great phone this year for this price, that too windows 8. Main thing is the design, the design is superb.. I bought this phone from an offline store on the release day. Main features of this phone are: 1Ghz dual core qualcomm snapdragon processor, Windows 8 OS, 5MP camera with auto focus and inbuilt 8GB internal memory. Performance: The performance of this phone is very smooth even after installing several apps. It doesn't show any laggy behaviour. Design: This phone has a great design, very slim less than 1cm thick. This is the striking thing of this phone. Apps : I've installed several apps on this device, even installed ASPHALT 7 HEAT XBOX GAME, runs very smoothly but the top part of the phone got heated up when I was playing this game. Battery: The phone comes with 1430mAh battery which is moderate battery capacity for a smart phone. Wi-fi : Wifi speeds are awesome....I've downloaded Asphalt 7 heat in 20mins. Camera: Who cares about flash when the photo quality is so good even without flash?? Final verdict: This is the best budget smart phone by Nokia. No front camera is one of the drawbacks of this phone.The top part gets heated when high end apps are running.The added blue tooth feature is an advantage to this phone. In most aspects the specs of Nokia lumia 520,620 and 720 are same. Better to go for this phone for this price.
If you've used an 820,920 or 8X, this phone is probably not for you. Why? Because you've miss all the features that put those phones in the "Premium" segment ie. the 820's ClearBlack AMOLED, the 920's camera and display and the 8X's display, front wide angle camera. However, if you're a first time Windows Phone User or upgrading from the previous version of WP, this phone will surprise you plenty. Here's my personal opinion on the phone, broken down into pros and cons PROs: • The almost full* WP8 experience without any lag whatsoever • Perfect dimensions make it fit snuggly in your hand • Very light compared to some of its siblings • Good build quality for a budget smartphone • Decent indoor picture quality in lighted areas • Large and bright screen • Superbly priced * Apps requiring 1 GB RAM won't run. Very few Apps/Games genuinely require 1GB of RAM and most all will become available for 512 MB RAM WPs soon, as their devs optimize them to run on lesser RAM. CONs: • Placement of speaker on the rear a problem as placing it on a soft surface will almost mute the ringtone • Lacking in the camera department (no flash, no front facing camera) • Doesn't have the feel of its more premium siblings
Hello guys I have purchased this amazing phone 3 days back and its really an amazing phone to play with. PROS: Large 4 inch screen,light in weight and look wise just awesome. Powerful 1ghz dual core processor with 512mb ram which will never run you down. Around 4.1gb free memory out of 8gb which is pretty good because you can expand it so no memory issues. Bluetooth work very fine and data sharing very fast. Nokia Music is awesome as it has all tracks from latest to old with unlimited subscription so no need to look for other mp3 website. You can browse with IE10 or by UC(best) and xpress browser. Camera is simply awesome and record 720p videos. It has got super sensitive touch which will make you fan of it TALKING Of APPS: I have installed many apps like metrotube, get them all etc get them all is like IDM GAMES; Has got really good games. I have installed; Asphalt7, Mirror Edge(like temple run), AE 3d motor, iskate, real football, 3d brutal chase, dread vs zombies. Out of them only asphalt7 and mirrors edge are paid. No lag during any games Till now i have not seen any issue. CONS::: . Battery did not last long with heavy gaming and browsing for a day even you have to charge twice if you are a heavy user. Other than that found no issues. Hope this helps other as i have switch from C6-00 which was just a horrible nightmare in my life. Its time to SWITCH TO LUMIA.
I recommend for this phone. Best buy phone. Not recommending to buy online because at Offline retailer it cost lesser then online store. and below with free memory card. Go ahead....................................................................
I did a lot of research before i went down to get the Lumia 520 . Totally satisfied with phone and all its features. Build quality is definitely better than any android phones in this price range. Only problem that i have is that it doesn't have an option to toggle auto rotate. Hope they come up with an update soon for this issue. Other than that no issue what so ever.
This phone is best under the price range of Rs. 9000.Lumia is for those who wants a class phone under 9000 thousand,it has superb features which makes it compare with I phone . . . . . The touch is awesome! The camera is amazing which is of 5 mega pixel with it's touch focus. sound quality is superb and,also people who are movies junkies they can enjoy the hd movie on 4Inch screen quite good experience. The best is Nokia Music....You can download a song within 2-3 second (3G)and in 40-50 second (2G). . . . . . Now About it's Battery life batter life is although not so good,if you will play games or watch movies continuously the battery will discharge. One more thing that i dint like about this phone is that you can not download a app or a game exceeding 50 MB needs a WiFi.but don't worry you can play big games download from windows-phone website and than transfered it to your phone through data cable to your SD card . . . One more things that it makes difference from other phone is that it is Windows Phone! It is not cheap as android...android is now even availble on chinese phone. it makes a proud holdin a Nokia Lumia 520!a windows phone . . . Thank You!
Good Camera @ 5 MP, Sound in inbuild speakers is quite loud Touch is so sensitive and just awesome. And most important is --> Office --> Lync --> Fastest facebook and other social networking sites In case some ppl didnt notice this, In other phones, facebook App, downloads not only text and images but formatting, frames , font and other useless data also. This phone copies just the minimum info required say just the text and pics and there you go. It leads to less data usage and faster facebook updates !!!
I ordered lumia 520 on 9th-oct and to my amazement its delivered on 11th-oct, way before there delivery date of 16th-oct....Kudos Flipkart! and not to forget its about 1k cheaper when compared to local market nearby. The moment you open the cover of cellphone its start growing on you....feels pretty premium in the hand, soft polycarbonate scratch proof back. Previously i owe Moto Fire and Xperia U & after a lot of online research i opted to go with windows phone this time. It was tough for me to move from very flexible n popular OS Android to newer and not so flexible Windows 8. It takes a little time to get used the WINDOWS 8. Now, coming back to the actual performance review that u all want to read about rather then my feelings n all other shit. # Booting Time: It takes a bit more time to boot up then my android devices but once its turned on the OS is very snappy, response was pretty good. Touch was way more responsive then mid-high end phones(tried xperia sp and galaxy grand). # Applications: U have all preloaded apps that u need in day2day life. msoffice(works faster then android 3rd party apps), Data sense( limit the data usage as per your internet plan), Cinematography(customize and add effects to your picture) etc. And free apps are available for download like whatsapp, wechat, camera 360, accuweather n works fine. # If you are a hardcore gamer then you don't belong to this segment, but asphalt heat,real football,fruit ninja, line bird, cut the ropes & others works with no issue. #Camera: Picture quality is reasonably well for a 5Mp cameraphone(no front cam n led flash), with good focus and slightly washed-out but relatively true colours. It can surprise you with the pic quality in daylight but night pictures in artificial lights are OK for fb stuff.However, you can take advantage of several Nokia-specific camera add-ons, including Smart Shoot (a best-shot selector) and Bing Vision (a QR/barcode scanner). You can also add a selection of so-called 'Digital lenses', including Nokia's own Panorama and Cinemagraph, plus the likes of Camera360, LazyLens, Photosynth, Fhotoroom, Meme Lens, ProShot and more. It allows you to record 720p videos and daylight quality is acceptable n better then xperia u. #Call quality is crisp and clear. #Music& Video playback: bundled music n video player has a decent interface but nokia headphones sucks...i tried sony xperia headphones that makes music listening a pleasure. Speaker on the back are loud enough for a smartphone. As per video display quality is concerned its very sharp(don't know the exact ppi numbers) and colour reproduction is best and 4'' display adds the pleasure for watching movie on it. 720p videos can be played without any frame skipping or lag. #OS: personally its refreshing experience to use win8 device after android 2.3,4.1...so far i didn't notices any lags or hanging. Interface is simple and classy. #Storage: 8GB internal memory is available but pretty decent 4GB space is user available (n u have to buy 200inr pendrive to carry your stuff, don't blame nokia for that they manufactures phones nt pen drives) #Typing: keyboard typing in both landscape n portrait is easy. it may take some time to get used of it when u swith from android. u won't regret buying it. overall its value for money in this price segment n m loving it.....
WTF I really don't understand why people are comparing Nokia with lava or micromax or any other droid. Nokia is selling phones long before from 90's and Nokia 1100 is the most selling phone till this date in the whole world.Its a brand . And then also it is providing many specific things which other companies don't even dare to provide at this range , like. * Secondary mic for noise cancelation, high budget droids only have additional mic. * Super sensitive screen which can be even used with gloves. A deal breaker feature . * 8gb internal , no other company provides this much internal storage at this range. And these are high quality storage . People buy cheap sd card which have lower transfer rate which make their phones even lag more. (I will say use your sd-card only if you have of class 10 otherwise it will make your phone slow.) * IPS screen which have great viewing angle. Now answer to those negative reviewers: * It doesn't have file manager , even ios doesn't have file manager but no one complains for it . If you want file manager go to xda forum and crack your phone otherwise buy shitdroid. *3rd patry app installer? Really.A Big FO. Everyone knows you want this feature because you want to install paid apps for free like in shitdroid , this is the only reason ios have more quality games than android and soon windows phone will also have. * To those who are saying it lags ,please immediately change your handset because even ios ain't smoother than the lowest budget windows phone. * 512 mb ram ? It is enough for a windows phone because it really depends how good an OS have been coded . For e.g. iPhone 4s have 512mb ram which costs around 35000 INR and again no one complaints for that. Android will always lag if it even has 2gb or 3gb ram because at last it matters how good the OS have been coded.(PS : i have nexus 4 don't even try to lecture me on android, I know how much it lags). And also please learn how to leave review , don't leave negatives if it doesn't have apps or file manager or anything regarding OS because those drawbacks are of OS and you will get them if you even buy high end windows phone. So please do research about the OS before buying.
This is my first smart-phone. Not that I have not used any - I have been using a Samsung Note in our family for some time and I have tried out my friend I-Phone's and other Android devices on and off. And ofcourse, I used to have a windows mobile (HTC TyTN II) which I have used. But this Window's phone caught be off-guard - build quality is Nokia (which means excellent) and it is a nice eye catching package with smart sliding of screens etc. Where it hits you is that - it does not behaves like a phone. It behaves more like a 'phone bolted onto' as social media integration hub. - SIM contacts: First challenge was to view the contacts on SIM card. You have to import them - mind it, like a phone it does not simply shows you contacts on SIM - they have to be imported. And if you have a windows Hotmail/ Live account associated with your phone, these contacts are synchronized to your windows account. No choice there. Full stop. Typically Microsoft. On importing the contacts from your SIM to phone, they are now stored as 'People' (not as contacts + numbers - but People). So far so good - I have missed on social media wave so I scolded myself for being naive and unnecessarily getting frustrated. - Bluetooth : Now, I want old contacts stored on my phone to be transferred to my jazzy new Windows 'Smart- PHONE'. Obvious choice is bulk transfer by bluetooth. But wait - Microsoft feel all other itsy-bitsy mobiles having bluetooth are - well that 'itsy-bitsy'. This smart phone will not talk to those lowly mobiles as equals. Which means, you cannot do one go transfer of you contacts via bluetooth. You have to send it to this SMARTPHONE one by one. - Text Messaging - Today, I tried text messaging to send same text to a list of my friends. Guess what - the SMARTPHONE says you are some old time rusty person who does not knows that 'text messages are no longer that - they are social media 'CHATs'. So, after fiddling for some time and frustration, I realized the above and started a CHAT (a.k.a trying to send a txt mssg in simple mobile phone terms) with list of my friends to send the same message. Type out the message, selected one friend and what - the 'SMART -'PHONE'' will only allow you to select 1 'people' at a time. You have to go to 'people' list again and again and individually select your friends to whom your want to send a simple text - errr pardon me, a chat - and then send the text (errr.... chat) in one go. Window 8 is a new operating system spanning across devices where Microsoft want social media to be central theme - this is understandable. But why Nokia is not customizing the software to make the phone appear - well a phone first - and a social media hub next. And, if its intention is to sell a 'social media hub', then why they are selling it as a phone? Giving 3 stars as I have never felt adapting to a new phone so difficult!!
I would thank Flipkart for the excellent service. The speed of delivery is super. Now the product. I am using Lumia 520 for almost a month now.Let me tell the cons 1st. Because pros list is very long. cons 1. There is a bug in volume control. The music and ringtone volumes are controlled by single key so when you are listening to music at very low level and your ringtone is of soft sound, your call may go unnoticed. If you go to settings - audio control - nothing more will be displayed. This stinks. 2. There is no front camera. Pros 1. The price was just Rs 9500. So perfect for my budget. 2. It is from the popular Nokia brand. 3. Battery quality is better than highly priced Samsung, micromax, karbon. At par with iPhone. 4. Touch is super. 5. Processing speed is fantastic. It is powered by Qualcomm 1Gh processor. 6. Internet downloading is faster. My friends using iPhone and Samsung suggested not to download any app over 2G due to long time the phones take. But they were pleasantly surprised to see downloading speed in my lumia. 7. Some people complain of lack of Apps in Windows. But I have now close to 20 games in my phone including famous games like templerun, blocked in etc This is now my family Phone. In a single charge i could browse internet 3-4 hours, this review is written from my phone, call 1-2 hours, gaming 3-4 hours. I would say it is an excellent stuff.
I'm using this mobile for a month and I have no compliant yet except from poor battery back up and heats up soon.. Well the Microsoft now have been focusing more on mobile device hope to get more updates in application. And there is no Equalizer for music player hope to get it in next update. More its a wonder full mobile @ cheaper cost from Nokia( it can worth your money) And there is no problem as someone stated below. 1) Touch is superb sensitive 2) we can use Skype You need to understand one thing its is not "ANDRIOD" its windows it has is own way of features. If u want OS like android better go for it... Don't ask windows platform to behave like android. Each has its own way of operation.
Firstly be aware of fake reviews. The review of PHONEXPERT really made me laugh..His narration is completely fake..His review abt here drive clearly shows it......He mistook PS for a restaurant..OMG !....Cant he find a board naming it as a PS.......... Stop writing false reviews & misguiding people.. Yes the OS WP8 is a bit immature, mind it even NL620,720,820,920,925,928,1020,hTC 8S,8X uses the same OS..Microsoft will definitely update this OS & they are underaway in collecting the changes reqd. which will be rolled out soon....It would be good & clear if MS had rolled few updates in short intervals rather than releasing a single large complete update....... This one below @10k is VFM.. In android the software & hardware developers joined hands & every flagship after an year starts lagging,,this is bcs software tech develop quality apps which are compatible with advanced hardware & if u try to run it with old processor, it starts lagging n u'll feel laggy & will move to new smartphone...This had became a business,,..observe it practically any droid mobile works fine for first 5-6months...after that ? it sleeps well...but in WP,they didnt had to compete much in themselves & imp is OS is light next to ios & BB OS but droid is heavy when compared with...Dont believe in my words ? then think why Iphone5 till using a dualcore processor ?..Why android is running on octa-cores & Quadcores n still lagging occasionally .....
Hi all, I am writing this review after my Nokia Lumia 520 purchase 3 months ago. I had been an android-maniac. I never wanted to try anything other than android . But I don't know why it came to my mind buying a windows mobile. I was an ardent supporter of Nokia. So I preferred a Nokia Windows Mobile. Since it was my first Windows mobile, I didn't wanna get disappointed(I was wrong) by spending too much. So i went for Nokia Lumia 520 as it was affordable. Once I got my hands on the new Lumia phone, I regretted my condescending view about windows mobiles. There has been never a day passed without me apologising my Lumia mobile for not buying it before and being android-obsessed. Now I am very much interested in tryihg out Lumia 920. Thanks to Flipkart's lightning delivery. I ordered on Friday(10 pm). I got the delivery on Sunday(3 pm).I reckon everyone,who is obsessed with android, should give Lumia a try that you wont regret. Pros - Windows 8's tiled interface is alluring - There are so many features to explore Cons - Not extensive free applications as Android
Hi all....... I bought it around 3 weeks ago. No doubt it is a good phone. But certain things I would like to clear for those who are planning to go for it. And these are the truths which u all have to consider in your mind. a) No FM (u all will be aware of it) b) No flash and secondary camera(even u can go for Skype calling but u have to use the mobile from back side bcoz it don't have secondary camera for video calling) c) Front camera is 5 megapixel. (Picture quality is good but only during daylight.....Hard to recognize the snaps shoot during evening or night time) d) Most Important : U cant send the videos stored in memory or phone to other persons using whatsapp. As u all know whatsapp is quite famous nowadays, but Lumia 520 is unable to forward them through whatsapp. only u can send the videos recorded during that moment. e) Application wise there is no issue. As its a myth that most people usually says that android is more rich compared to windows phone. Actually in routine weare supposed to use only about 25 to 30 applications, which u can easily find in windows store. Overall speed of the phone is pretty good..No hanging problem. Little heating problem is there...........
Loads has been said about this phone, I think this is the hottest seller on flipkart the number of review definitely speak for itself. Flipkart service is spot on. This is a windows phone that is amazingly simple to operate. I am not app crazed and keep my phone simple and fast for official use. The screen is butter smooth, the looks are slick. Nokia makes tough phones with robust build. You can synch multiple emails, calendars. Transfer data from you previous phone is a breeze. Setting Wifi is simple and fast. Features I liked the best are: Nokia Unlimited music Nokia Drive WIndows interface MS office and Skydrive I am sold on this phone. My 10year old loves it. I prefer Windows over android. I think for 10,000 buck you will never regret it
i love wp8 phone and nokia's 520 good and sharp features, very sturdy look, its an awesome experience, and no need of 1gb ram(has 512mb ram)( as the apps u download will never slow ur phone, as its agenuine microsoft apps, apps really work gud but still needs improvement, and this model has atrendy look different from traditional nokia look( lumia 620) plzz go for this phone, i ll recommend. its a cool to have, thanks to flipkart for such faster delivery in 4 days( considering that the area as fedex service was not there) and rate in flipkart will always attract u, as there always be some offer to go with, if u want a budget phone and u dont have enough bucks to go with s3, s4, iphone, then go with lumia 520 or 720, as both are trendy, though not much difference in performanceof both the model. one thing to add as people are rating android as better or best but it is best if it is present in a handset like s3 or s4, but in budget handset no other phones will provide u such a charming look like lumia 520, also nokia music and bigflix is there with freee suscription for 3months so u can enjoy movies and music ona go, which i really liked about my lumia 520, also camera performance is also good, if u need more with camera u can go with lumia720 (flash and carl zeisss lens). FULL WORTH OF MONEY, GO WITH IT
Hello guys, I have been using this phone for a month now and finally here to submit a review as I faced many difficulty due to bad reviews here. First of all,please don't go by what many people are saying here! most of them don't even have a basic understanding of the phone.Here a few points which you will simply love :- 1)Superb looks 2)Complete integration of facebook and hotmail chat in inbox !!! its so easy to chat with your contacts right from your inbox. 3)Complete integration of contacts with all your online accounts ! So you don't have to manually update everytime one changes his/her phone number on facebook and also you don't accidentally lose all your contacts. 4)Live tiles are simply brilliant ! you don't have to open apps to get basic information.They just update and show live on your screen. 5)Easy management of files. Most people here are complaining about lack of file manager ! get over it guys ! file manager? why you need that when your phone is managing everything for you. Also if you want to see all the files you can always just plug to your laptop and see,no need of any other software.And for detailed information about your system memory you have option in your settings. 6)Internal memory ! its a huge plus ! you get lots of internal memory ,so you can install any number of apps without any tension. 7)The music player lacks equalizer but just plug in your headphones and I bet you won't need it. 8)No lag ! Even if you keep many apps open you won't find phone lagging or hanging,it is super smooth. 9)No lack of apps. You will find all the important apps and good games and in much better quality than android . 10)Much better than android . I have used android phone before this and the windows experience is simply amazing,much better than android.
Got bored of seeing android phones everywhere? Wanna stand out of the crowd?? Then buy lumia 520 without second thoughts and you wont regret your decision. cons: # it does get heated but very slight near the camera lens # battery lasts just for a day on heavy usage. pros: # Windows phone 8 OS is so refreshing and cool. # It is fast and easy to use with one hand. # touch is a beauty! # You cant get a better quality phone in 10k(i bought @ 9600) # And yes..apps are coming and with every update they are getting better. And the best thing..you can try paid apps before buying.
have heard ppl say loads of thngs about windows phone. Lack of blue tooth connectivity,cannot transfer the data's and all. But people the new 20's series fro Nokia Lumia i.e. loaded with WINDOWS 8. I own a android tab and trust me the WIN 8 xperience is a lot smoother and safer too. We all know the safety features of the Windows phone and with all the demerits of expandable memory,bluetooth connectivity eradicated, Lumia 520 is the best buy at this range. i hav been using it for the past 3-4 weeks and and it is as smooth as anythng. Next myth is about the Android Market and Apps stuff. Guys trust me most of the apps on the Android market are useless and stuffed with ads and all. and the really useful one are also available on the Windows market and yes free of cost. though some cost money but the FREE apps will be more than enough to make u phone go sexy. watsapp,angrybirds,fruitslash and loads of other games plus the XBOX feature is awesome :)... i m giving it a 5 star rating because it is seriously one of my best buys
I am using this phone from last 1 week and this phone is awesome. Value for money and you cannot get better then this under 10K. When I was going to purchase phone people told me it is windows phone flash will not supported, Bluetooth does not work, Less Apps Etc. Guys time has come to open your eyes. 1. Bluetooth is working flawlessly. You can send audio, video and picture. 2. YouTube is also working just open m.youtube.com (Mobile version of you tube). 3. Now a day lots of Apps are available on Windows Store. Suggested Free Games :: Ae Basketball, Archer, air hockey, Fragger, Gravity guy, Gun bros, iStunt 2 , shuffle party, 3D Brutal race, AE 3D motor, AE Bowling 3D ,Run Kelvin, Frong sling 2, Alpine sky 2, Temple run, Lucky Fishing, Suggested Free apps :: Creative Studio, Handy Scan, Lazy lens, Nimbuzz, Photofunia, Sticky notes, Times of india and My expenses. 4. Nokia music service is also great and you can download all latest songs and that’s free. 5. Touch of his phone is butter smooth. 6. Here driver and Maps are great. I used here drive few days ago and it was superb. 7. You can purchase different colour shell if phone so you can chase according to your mode. 8. Windows Phone UI is great. 9. No zune software required to transfer data from pc now It is plug and play. 10. Under 10K no brand will offer you 1Ghz dual core processor, 8Gb internal memory(Almost 4 Gb is usable) with 512 MB Ram. Before purchasing this phone I checked configuration of multiple android phone they are offering 800Mhz processor , 158 MB internal space and 256Mb Ram. With this such a low level configuration android will always lag. I bet you will fall in love with phone it has a great look. I will recommend if you are going to purchase this phone, do not listen people just purchase it and they will never comment on your decision. When I was going to purchase phone one of my friend told me not to purchase phone, but when saw feature and UI of windows phone, he praised my decision.
I am testing this from last 3 days. There are below pros and cons. Pros. 1- Windows 8 is awesome. You may face some problem in initial. 2- Nokia Music is good feature, you can also download songs. 3- Touch response in very good. 4- From Mail option to Contact information Sync is good feature. 5- Battery Saver is good option. 6- performance is very good Overall is awesome at this price. Cons.. 1- As I have noticed battery backup is no good as written in specification even in battery saver mode. I don’t know, it only the problem with my set or everyone has this issue. a. http://www.nokia.com/global/products/phone/lumia520/specifications/ b. In WI-FI mode, only in connected mode not browsing (may it internally using). – 5-6 Hr. it ok. c. In Standby mode not more than 10-13 hour. d. First 50-55 % percent backup is 9-10 hour but last 40-45% only 3-hour. e. In some case we will see in night battery will be 55 percent but when you will see in morning, will be switched off. Anyone can help regarding battery backup, so that I will contact with flipkart/Nokia if I am only facing this issue 2- PDF and document is only accessing from the phone and sky drive location, I have not found to connect with memory card. 3- Sometime mobile hangs while transferring files from PC. 4- Data Cable is very small (1-1.5 ft.) 5- We have not found any option to browse SD card from Explore as like window 5 6- FM not available. They should provide a Screen Guard with phone.
I got this phone on 6th Apr...and have been using it for 10 days now. This phone is absolutely value for money, actually even better. But i've been experiencing the problem of heating around camera and upper part of phone. I went to nokia care for help and they said it is normal for a smartphone to heat a bit but my lumia 520 heats more than normal and also heats pretty quick like after using GPRS for 15 mins only. So ppl please consider this problem before buying. Rest everything is excellent!
Before I dwell into the phone as such, one has to appreciate that the time has come for Windows Phone OS. The UI of WP is unmatchable , the growing list of quality apps narrows the gap between say an Android and WP though a lot still needs to be done, with many utility free utilty apps like Nokia Drive, Music etc in the offing by Nokia for its users, the experience gets even better with and not to forget the quality build quality of most WP. Coming to the phone, it has a fairly decent hardware with minor flaws being its placement of speaker. You'll likely to cover the speaker either while keeping it on a flat surface or while using it with your fingers. Hope a cover can some how manage to fix it. The display could've been better but I am saying this after having used a Lumia 800 with clear black display for more than a year, so for its price range its not bad. The camera is outstanding and so is the processing speed. Lags are something one will barely experience in a Windows Phone no matter how low the specs are. I can go on and on but despite being the cheapest Windows Phone, this phone certainly has a bit of premium feel to it. I can safely say after using two Windows Phone that Nokia and Microsoft will be a force to reckon with in the near future in the mobile market.
Being strategic for selling is fine.. but changing the prices so frequently is insane... last day it was some 8k in the morning.. 7k in evening ..6999 at night..dis morning..8100..8800..7299.. strange bullshit...:-/ Though the phone is a superb deal for 7k, the rating is for flipkart's strange pricing strategy.
Hi All, My first review to help you all to take a decision. I bought this phone last week. Only after 2 days... I was in office and was trying to connect to Wi-Fi. Somehow it kept on saying me that its wrong userid/password (common, it was correct), okay, I decided that I should re-start the phone, may be it will help. And thats it, that was the last time I saw those nice looking Win8 stuff. It got switched off smoothly, but did not turn on ever. It showed me a blue screen. Yes, a blue screen and nothing else. I could do nothing but to take it to Nokia Care where they checked hardware and said "All fine". Then they said that they are not able to figure out what is wrong and it needs to be sent to Delhi to get it fixed. Thanks to Flipkart, when I called flipkart team, they asked me to return it. So people I really liked the phone, but dont know how I could say that its a good phone when it did not even work for 2 days.... I am hoping that it was only me who was un-lucky to have a defective piece. If that is proved I wont mind ordering another of same model, but surely only from flipkart :-)
Bought this phone a couple of days ago. Two days on, I have begun to feel that I made a big mistake. The problems: 1. This mobile will accept only micro SIM. 2. If you are sending multiple contacts over bluetooth from your older phone to this phone, it will accept all of them but will save only the first recieved contact. God knows where the remaining received contacts go. They never show up again. Checked the online help, no use. Apparently, thats how Windows Phone 8 works. I had 200 contacts on my old phone (a simple feature phone) and you can imagine the irritation of sending and saving all of them one by one to the new Lumia 520. 3. The app store is really pathetic. I have been searching for a free app that can play video files in multiple formats (the kinds you find very easily on google play) but not a single one shows up. There are hardly any good games, either. The decent ones cost a bomb. Quite a shock considering the number and quality of games on android. 4. Have not been able to transfer any files from my phone memory to my SD card to clear up some space. There is no file manager (apparently hasn't been there for quite some time) so you can't find where they are. Transfer is possible only when you connect it to a PC !! 5. If you have any file in the storage which the phone does not recognise (say a .mkv video file), it simply does not show up anywhere. And you can't search for it either. But the file will take up the space in your memory. So you will end up with a chunk of your memory gone and no way to view your file. However, the silver lining in this mushroom cloud is that the build quality of the phone is good. From the above experience, it appears that the main problem with the phone is the windows phone 8 OS itself. MS people have been at it for a few years now but it is still quite pathetic. Overall, this is just an overpriced glorified feature phone. I am disappointed.
It is amazing as it is feature rich for what it costs. But then there are consistent call drops, which is quite annoying. Also for some one moving from android this will be more textual than icon based, so it might be quite some shift. Also certain intuitive features are ignored like, i cannot distinguish between incoming/outgoing calls unless I read the strings (rather it is expected to be known quickly through color or some other simpler mechanism). I guess it is usable but is more of wait and watch about how soon Nokia fixes the issues. But in general I guess it is rather naive to expect this one to be picked up by masses as there are serious usability issues. I don't know what nokia/microsoft are betting on, if its only cost then its just matter of time these will be thrown out for exchange.
Review as on 26th June 2013 (I have reduced the rating from 3 stars to 1 star) I sold my yellow lumia 520 after using if for just two and a half months. And I bought fame which is handy and jelly bean is incomparable to windows 8. Jelly bean is awesome. Fame does not get heated up as lumia 520 keeps on getting heated up to the extent that one can not touch upper part of the phone. I visited the authorised nokia center and they told it is normal if the phone is heating up. Fame is cool as ever as it is from Samsung. Here Samsung beats other brands like sony, micromax, nokia as they tend to heat up soon. Android jelly bean is light years ahead of windows 8. My sincere advice dont buy lumia 520 and only buy samsung galaxy phones if you want to keep your cool :) :) Thanks Review as on 15th April 2013 Thank you Nokia for throwing it in the market for such cheap price. I am using Samsung Galaxy Note II and believe me the display of Lumia 520 is no less than it. Issue: I used Whatsapp for 2 minutes and the phone heated up badly. It gets heat up within a minute while browsing and you can not touch the upper part at the antenna side. I called Nokia customer care and was told that it takes 4-5 days for a smartphone to set. Thereafter the heating problem will vanish. Lets see. It has a proximinty sensor too which is not mentioned on the Nokia website. Worth each penny if heating problem is resolved. I spent 50 bucks for making my sim to micro sim. Any phone shop will do that. And it is a matter of seconds. I am enjoying the yellow color. I don't know why it is not in demand. I chose it over cyan and red. Thanks for reading my review.
Dont go for this mobile after using symbain or android because it feels like you are in jail, all your freedom is taken by windows. Like counting jail bars you have to count that idiot tiles. This is only for people who want to try windows. Good thing is very capable hardware, free maps , first class nokia support, differnt from android, and cute design with different colors. In short I love Nokia but hate Windows.Now I am back to Android.
I was owning an android phone(samsung galaxy ace) earlier....then i switched onto this Windows 8 powered product and the first & last thing i could say is that "u cannot compare a windows phone with an android one" both are different in all aspects...... and the bottom line is that "android smartphones have always been a step ahead....in comparison with the latter one...& will always rule this global smartphone market". ios,windows powered products are for refreshment only.....these are out of the league os... but are having their own small market in INDIA.... nokia has done quite well in promoting this smartphone.... i m not going towards the specification part ..u have already gone through it.... lumia 520 is unique better suited for a person ...who wants simple perks in life. *look wise the phone is eye catching ......those trendy colours are doing so, *phone calling & battery life are satisfactory, *camera does its jobs quite well, *internet surfing is like a cake walk the things that I don't like are... *piracy is strictly prohibited here. *15 days are gone & still I m not getting how to use the Bluetooth properly, *music equaliser is not there.... *no LED sensors... *limited apps and out of which mostly are paid *inbuit video player is not up to the mark but still only god knows why am I rating it 4 out of 5 probably because it seems refreshing to me , ironicaly it seems as if every body is going to the east & I m the only one walking alone towards the west....by using this but still "Nokia" is a big brand ,u can trust it.... if u want a fully all rounder smartphone with mouth watering features that "don't" go for this..... look out for an android phone..
1. Phone Does not have file Explorer to manage the files in the phone i.e to edit, to cut, to paste, to delete a file. By Lack of this feature we have to depend on the our personal computer/laptop to manage our files. The person who does not have PC/laptop cannot edit the file. 2. the phone reads the file from the phone document folder, only those documents files are read by phone which are in such folder. In document folder we cannot create folders to manage or classify the files. 3. In the lumia phone we cannot know the calls duration from calls log. 4. It does not have its calls recorder and voice recorder, which is basic feature the phone. 5 Phone is heating up very uses internet, wifi, 3G, 2G, Charging. 6 Phone Music Volume function and ringtones volume function works together, the effect of this feature is that if i listen to music at low volume its ringtone volume also gets low automatically, i u fails to set the volume to higher user may fails to listen the ringtone and fails to attend the call. 7 vibration of the phone is very low at the time of ringing of phone. 8. We cannot customized the Default Bing Search Engine to some other search Engine. 9. Mic of phone is not clear, there is noise everytime, it creates noise. 10 Camera of the phone does not have basic features like brigness setting, self-potrait, timing option etc. 11 the phone does not support FLV files. 12 the phone does not have audio setting. 13 the phone has lagging problem i.e it takes time to display content. 14 phone does not support flash player. you cannot plays videos and songs on webpage. 15 cannot access internet via usb on mobile phone
As I was a Symbian user for the past 10 years I regret buying this windows phone It is missing many features to qualify as a cell phone Cons: 1) No profile setup. You can not make your phone to alert for a particular group of people. All credit card agents, loan agents, etc can wake you up anytime! 2) No ascending, beep once etc. in the ring option 3) Vibrate, silent and ring are available but navigating between those options is pathetic 4) Different volume controls for sms, voice call, songs playback, ringing are not available. 5) Back button is the only way to close the apps 6) Back and start key vibration can not be controlled. really annoying 7) Battery back up is not great. For a normal using, it comes for 30hrs which includes just ~1hr talk time 8) In messaging you can not create folders in case you want to segregate the messages 9) SMS delivery report will not display the contact name rather it shows the contact number. I have 1000 contacts stored, is it possible to memorize all the numbers. Symbian users and people looking for a mobile with phone features please do not buy it.
Sorry Nokia/Windows Fans. But, Nokia Lumia 520 is a Nightmare for Android users. Cons --> 1. The Apps are of "Stone Age" .. for.e.g.. WhatsApp ,Cricinfo ...1ghz 500Ram doesnt make any sense when ur Apps are of Old Technology. The existing apps are not user friendly. 2. Battery Life - 9am to 6pm only (9hrs, i only get 10-12 calls a day) 3. Music Player is a JOKE. No Equalizer ! U need to invest extra money to buy a Headphone. Music plays flat on Earphones & this information is also not given in the Manual. I had to search on the Internet for this solution. Pros --> 1. Music Plays well on HEADPHONES. 2. Stylish & Sleek look. 3.Those who havnt used Android phones may find this phone Good and its a great value for money product. Its always better than BlackBerry. 4. Super sensitive Touch screen Will keep updating you guys as i discover new things.
My first hands-on experience of Windows 8: I would like to say that Microsoft has to work very hard to come at par with Android. Usability wise windows 8 is way far far behind to android. Pros which I've noticed: 1. Butter smooth touch. 2. Processor is too good which is beyond my expectations. 3. Battery backup is fantabulous. 4. WiFi/ 3g is too fast. 5. Browser [IE10] is superb. 6. Resolution is great. 7. Running HD video clips are simply marvelous on this phone. Cons: 1. Camera is moderate. Not good at night. 2. No file manager. 3. Very few apps compared to android playstore. 4. Its very tough to set a mp3 song as ringtone. May be there are some tricks but I'm not aware of it yet. 5. You need to factory reset your phone if you want to remove your primary email account. 6. Build is cheap. But one cant expect a better build at this price range. 7. If you're using a brand new sim and don't have contacts, then one have to sync Microsoft account. Now if something happens to your account then all your contacts will get lost after sync. Conclusion: Users can buy this phone at this price range. Its worth purchasing if one want to change very frequently.
Finally day arrived, i got my droid set today, n i m feeling connected, ya ur right connected, thats what smartphone do nowdays,the reason behind to mention connected cause i think microsoft not living in present may be in past or in future where people will communicate with telepathy,surprised u should be,when will u use windows 8, u will definetely get know, i used it for couple of months,first impression was osum, was so excited, bought in hurry, then pay for it,it sweet jelly above cactus belly,its looks greats even prforms grt, no lag, buttery smooth touch,love metro ui,but when i started using as smartphone then it start sucking,after installing some apps its app menu scroll start showing alphabetical search, n it ruins the whole look of the app menu ui, i hated it, n there is no switch to on of its, thats rediculous, well ok thats not major problem, then start using wats app n chat apps, n i wondered these apps are not showing realtime upadets unable to work in background,, feels like trapped in jail, so i searched intensively, n there is not a single app existed thats give u reltime updates,n here the game ends,there is no point using these kind of softwares which cant give u updates, all app store is full of craps, hideous html apps, no fb, no you tube, instagram, build in fb app or you tube is use less, just html 5 mockups,wats app works slow, same story abt we chat n other chat apps, push notifications are not upto the mark u will find very hard to stay connected with frnds,no customizable musicplayer, video player creeps u with duplicate files not one dozens of them, u can solve that but y in first place, no multiple video support n again no app for that, about multitasking it prform hideous, if u start multiple web pages scroll with speed its stop working n start getting memory allocation, its even happen with you tube videos n mutiple apps in background, thats shame, n imp one no fm, reason now days people listen radio on net no need to integrate in os, well here in india 95% living on edge networks, which cant even stream music well, radio is the main source to listen music, same story about developing nations n thrd world countries, n all bove that microsoft strict policy of no piracy, so there is no apps for video hide, belive it or not its a major point, child mode is useless, every body want to keep private data secure, there is apps available for pics but not for videos, also there is not file manager exist, it become very hard to manage ur files,n about gaming its better that i shut my mouth, not just these problems windows os is full of bugs, battery frain with auto sync, bt , wifi, data auto shutdown, list goes on n on, there is no end, so at the end its good in terms of build quality, screen, camera (thanks to nokia) but atleast not for me,through my perspective n experience windows phone is not worth for real user, stay away from windows phone, n pray that nokia will comes up with androide
Great specs for affordable price kudos to Nokia. On Windows front i ain't impressed by any single feature. No true multi-tasking, only a few apps run in background, which i can't decide. Google services sucks on Windows phone. No file manager makes it much harder to locate documents. No Adobe PDF reader and we can't read docs from SD card. Very basic editing only can be done in office and we can't save docs in sd card. I had been android user. Just for change i bought this windows Phone. With android I never felt the need for pc. It isn't the case with windows phone. For those who use google services mostly go for android. It's smarter than windows. Lumia phones comes with killer hardware and less capable windows software .
Hi guys i must say this product is worth, you should buy these to use new interface, I have seen many people saying Windows phones are not that much good, but i disagree from all of them, i appreciate Nokia for making Lumia Phones and that too so cheap and affordable. But you should handle it with care, it's screen got broken after 15 days of purchase and the screen costs 2,500 (Current Price in Nokia Care) But its all ok, i got it repaired, Please guy do give a chance to windows phone, Lumia all the way, best of luck to Nokia. Keep Making Your customers Satisfied and FLIPKART You're awesome.
Being a faithful customer of Nokia, I wanted my 1st smartphone to be a Nokia as well. This phone lives up to expectations of sturdiness Nokia is so famous for. I didn't even buy a cover for it and keep dropping it time to time and still not a single crack or scratch, though everytime it falls, back cover and battery come out resulting in a forced switch off. Performance wise, you shouldn't expect much from a 8000 rs smartphone, though the touch sensitivity is better than many phones in its double price range. Windows phone 8 is really user friendly, and though its my personal (biased) view, I find it easier than android or IOS. If someone tells you that wp store doesn't have many apps, hit them with a nokia 1100 and tell them than there are almost all popular apps available on wp store and if one doesn't have an exact app in wp store that is available for android or iOS, you will surely find a similar app in wp store that does the same job to some extent. Though finding the right app is a tedious job (lack of reviews). For this Nokia Lumia 520, I'd say its faster than you'd expect or find in other phones of this price range (due to Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor), though apps may crash from time to time (including whatsapp). Camera is good, though no flash. One thing that irks me frequently is low battery life. Also, out of 8 gb internal space, about 2.5 gb would be available for you, so better get a micro SD card as well. The earphones provided with the set are not good, you may need to get another one. I'd say I couldn't have found a better phone in this price range.
I am using this phone for last 2 week and this is the perfect mobile that you could own under 10,000. Below are the pros and cons for Lumia 520 Pros: Built Quality: Phone build quality is really good. It is a solid phone like all the nokia handsets, could easily withstand shocks. Resolution: it could play HD videos perfectly fine without any lags and over you will have color full experience with windows 8 tiles :) . Though it is not that bright but color textures are beautifully illuminated. Front Camera: Quality is fine and picture taken from Nokia smart apps are better. Processing: I haven't Faced any lags with nokia 520 even i could play temple run which has been optimized to run on 512 ram for lumia. Text quality is very fine and reading ebooks will be a very beautiful experience. Cons: no front camera. Resolution is 480 pixel. battery backup is fine but last less than 12hr if you are using 3G. Limited apps as compare to ios and android but is having most of the daily use apps. Verdict: if you could live without front cam, Limited windows apps(which bdw is growing) then this is the best device you could Own.
I bought this before 3 months, so far I never had any Issue with this Excellent audio, Camera is very good you will not get this quality of camera in any of android phones in this price range but only in nokia lumia, videos HD Quality i cannot say anything but its just awesome, and the most important this is processing 1GHz Snapdragon Process is tremendous performance, i have another android phone also but it sucks that needs to reboot and it hangs many times, but lumia as it has windows 8 it was excellent in memory optimization hence we'll not have any app stuck issues, and gaming its like small XBOX if you want to spend money this rage go with this blindly, you'll enjoy the product. And of-course this mobile too has few cons which are :- No File Manager Cannot Install apps on SD Card Attaching files is not possible in mails while replying (except pictures) No Flash Light No Call recorder ( since it is Microsoft Policy to not to have call recorder, even if you install third party apps for call record It wont work)
This device is simply one of the best out thereat the price range. *Android phones at this range will not give too good performance. *Adreno 305 is a good GPU *screen is sharp and responsive *WP8 marketplace has almost all popular apps *Camera is decent. Go for it if you want a good device for around 7.5~8k
I just bought this product from Flipkart and I received the product within 3 days even though I'm in a rural area... About the product .. Its d best phone that u can get in a 8k budget. Windows 8 is just WOW!!!.. Its flawless!! The best part about this product is its response and camera.. U can't expect more from a 8k phone. This phone has got the best camera with options like panorama,smart shoot,color map...etc.. About app store-> It has got all the necessary apps "U NEED"!!! I don't understand y ppl mention about the total number of apps u have in a store.. Windows store has got all d apps which are beneficial and not pirated.. Con--> The only issue I'm facing with this lumia is it's battery.. It has got very bad battery :'( .. It won't stay even 4 1 day if u use internet :'( But overall this product is just fabulous!! If u have a tight budget go 4 it..
Have you ever felt that the world is in your hands? I feel it every day with the Nokia Lumia 520 smartphone that I recently purchased. This amazing smartphone provides me with powerful performance and incredible speed. I can play games, browse the internet, download music and videos and send emails very conveniently with this smartphone. Besides, the vivacious bright colour of the outer body, this phone attracts many eyeballs and envious stares. The feather-sensitive touch screen is very responsive and I can access my phone with a simple swipe, even when I am wearing gloves. The sufficient 4-inch capacitive touch screen display gives tremendous clarity and vivid pictures. I can now feel the world in under my fingertip as I can customize my home screen according to my necessities. The Windows Phone 8 operating system. It comes with the Live Tiles and PeopleHub feature. I can stay connected to all my friends and colleagues as all their updates are available right on my home screen. The dual core 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon Krait mobile processor makes multitasking easy, while the Adreno 225 GPU and 512 MB RAM make playing HD games a pure joy. The Qualcomm Snapdragon processor CPU cores enable extra performance when you need it and puts me in charge of running the most demanding applications, including gaming, photography, as well as business and personal productivity. The processor’s unique asynchronous technology enables each core to power up and power down independently, resulting in maximizing core performance level without wasting battery power. In fact the Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor is a highly integrated, mobile-optimized system on a chip that delivers dynamic, immersive experiences and powerful, battery-friendly performance that can put new possibilities in my hands. Thanks to my profession, I have to travel a lot to new and different cities all time. I am very bad with roads and hence due to this I have found myself landing in wrong place many times. But from the time I have invested in my Nokia Lumia 520 smartphone, I never get lost in a new city anymore. The Nokia maps app in my phone gives me turn-by-turn directions without making me confused. Now I can proudly go to many new places and explore the city on my own. I can access Wi-Fi hotspots with this phone and can easily transfer files via Bluetooth connectivity at an amazing speed. The amazing touch of my smartphone enhances the experience of playing games significantly. The 5 MP camera is enough for me to click decent pictures and shoot videos too. I can take out professional like photos thanks to my 5 MP camera that is supported by smart shoot technology and Optical image stabilization that help me take out blur free photos. My Nokia Lumia also comes with a wonderful music app it has 150 playlists that I can stream from Nokia Mix Radio. It also has 8 GB of onboard memory that is more than sufficient for all my storage needs. The dual core Snapdragon processor powers the Windows Phone 8 platform to make the experience a smooth, smart delight.
Pros: 1. Meets India's SAR requirements - radiation is as per the regulation which is very good. 2. Display is too good.. even under mid day sun you can see the screen very clearly 3. Touch is too good.. 4. Sound quality is too good. 5. Signal strength, Wi-Fi strength is excellent. 6. Has got exchange mail, and complete microsoft office suite. 7. Return on Investment compared to Samsung/other smart phones will be higher (as the cost is only 8.5k) 8. Good make, not fragile like nexus/apple (you can forget once they fall on ground). But this phones body is strong enough. 9. Free access to thousands of music albums and movies. 10.Virus safe - you can not copy the stuff directly, it will have to go thru visa/win7 like apple. Cons: 1. UI is not very user friendly like Samsung 2. Blue tooth sucks.. till today I couldn't find the files copied via blue tooth.. not sure where they have gone though they occupied memory. 3. Cant set the music files downloaded from internet as ringtones, you will have to copy them to a PC with visa/win7, and then copy them again to this phone... irritating.. 4. Cant play temple run.. hangs.. good for games like inspree etc., 5. Look is little retro.. not as fancy as apple/samsung.. its a rectangle box with sharp edges. 6. Its speaker is located at the back of the phone, so when you put this phone on desk speaker gets covered and you cant hear ring Overall: May be difficult to get a better phone than this at 8.5k.. Think thrice before going for this.. If your usage is limited to mail and office then this is the best.. if you are social bee then you will be irritated.
no proper audio player not the best battery backup awkward to hold in hand buttons cannot be customized to attend or disconnect call.. its just got the better browsing experience & ms office apps.
I had first thought its the awesome-est phone i could get in the 10k range. Bought this phone 4 months back. I had fallen in love with this phone at first. But after a month passed by...the phone started to reboot automatically. Many times. After that was fine, the power button started creating problems. I went to the Nokia Priority Store and guess what they told me. They told me its my fault that the power button is that way and it's not covered within the warranty. They would take Rs.750 for the repair. I was speechless. But something is better than nothing and so i got it repaired. After that the software started making probs. I had to format it TWICE WITHIN 4 MONTHS and now the problem is there with the charger. And also the screen sometimes. Arrgghhhh..........
Hi, I am using this phone from sep'13. Here are the pros and cons. Pros nice Battery Back up Nice interface Very good and responsive processor. Have installed around 28 games and all works like a charm (even 450 MB game too) Very useful apps available in the market mostly for free Super Smooth Touch making it best in it's class Very good camera easy to operate Clearly visible in sunlight too You can get regular facebook update without even opening it on your live tile. can add N number of tiles for phone contacts, Social app contact, any apps, any shortcut etc etc Cons Biggest drawback as of now ( I think Nokia is working on it) - not able to save incoming videos received on social apps like whatsapp, Line etc that's why I have rated it one less. My suggestion is go for it without any second thought, you will never regret your decision.
in all lumia series u cant lock auto rotation...just imaging after doing hard work whole day, you fall down on your bed with your phone and you cant move it!!!!!! auto rotation will come after GDR update..but till ou have to wait
The desire to hold something new encouraged me to go for Nokia Lumia 520 with its mesmerizing beauty nokia has been able to bring out a class in its class with awesome price range. But after using it from last 1 month had to conclude that Androids phones are better on the following grounds: 1)The absence of file manager make it really trouble some to handle. 2)The file stored in Memory card automatically multiplies in factor of 3 making music/video listening hell.When inquired in nokia stores they say it a fault they found in lumia. 3)The absence of any antivirus makes it porn to viruses. 4)The no of apps is very low ,definitely no sufficient. 5)Many a times its goes blank,dnt know the reason even though games like temple run run smoothly. 6)Notifications are also no very user friendly.
Hi I was using an android phone for about the past 2 years. And i switched to lumia 520 a couple of days back. Lumia is far better than most android phones . User Interface is amazing. And the touch screen super sensitive!!! 512 ram is more than enough in a windows phone Installed a lot of apps. No lags. Camera is very good for a 5 mp Please dont say no flash and all. U r paying
This is the best entry level windows 8 phone. By entry-level, I don't mean it lacks essential features. This phone has everything you would expect from an advanced smart phone. Believe me, once you start using windows 8 smart phone be it Lumia 520 / 620 / 720, you would never go back to Android junk boxes. And lastly, I admire to Flipkart's express delivery systm. I ordered the phone on Thursday and Flipkart delivered it on Saturday.
I ordered this phone from flipkart on 28.06.2013 which was delivered on 01.06.2013. This review is based on my 25 days of its usage. The features which makes Lumia 520 attractive are: 1) Its stylish design & it feels good in hands. 2) It has good battery backup (Talktime of 14 hours (2G)). 3) Sensitive & highly responsive touch. 4) 4 Inch IPS display with WVGA resolution & 16 M colors gives good viewing experience. 5) 5mp camera with smart shoot & panorama lenses gives better photo capturing experience. 6) 1GHz dual core Qualcomm krait with 512mb RAM makes apps working witout any lag. 7) HD videos are playing very smoothly. I noticed following problems during its usage, 1) Gets little bit hotter while browsing & playing games. 2) Out of 7.2GB(8GB) Internal memory, 2GB will be consumed by windows os & 300MB by necessary apps. i.e only 4.9GB is usable. 3) Compared to anroid phones lower apps in WP Store & most of them requires money. 4) Though cloud storage is free, data plans are not. 5) Cannot view any unsupported files (Need to be cleared from Temp. files in stoage check). 6) No front camera and led flash as phones in similar price range (Samsung S duos, Micromax canvas) have them. In my opinion it is worth for money, makes u distinct from anroid phones. Forget its negligible problems and just go for it. Thank u ?
I bought it few days ago with rs9400. I found those problem in this phone..... 1. There is no file manager, so u cant see ur files all together 2. U cant turn off the haptic feedback, means when u click back, home, search key its vibrating alltimes, u cant trun off this. 3. Battery drains so quickly. 4. Camera is good in daylight, but very bad in absent of good light.
My cousin bought this on its inaugural day... Sw t phn n I went crazyy!!!! I bought hits 2weeks ago from Nokia Priority... This is a gr8 phone at 10k price!! For ppl who expect File Manager n all old stuff, plz don't buy this phone.. Its SmartPhone not an old traditional phone..! Its far better than Android phone at this price!! Where u wil get , IPS Display + 480*800 + 5MP + 720p HD Rec at 10k! Plz tell me.. So, ppl who dont know abt WP plz dont write rubbish abt this phn!!!!
Satisfied, in love with this gadget. My first Smartphone Amazing Camera, deliberately smooth touch and interface. Looks so bold and stylish, a must have for every urban fellow. Only problem i hv faced till now, over heat at the back panel above the camera, i guess its due to the casing.
i have bought this product, before i was using samsung s duos, iam not so rich , s duos was android 4.0 ics, i had a lot of issues with that, it hanged while using 3g, and the battery was a big concern, after using lumia 2 days iam very much happy with it, it will not be easy for android users, but windows always user friendly, u can quickly learn. hats of for flipkart for its ultra express delivery
I have got this beauty just one week back.. Awesome features, sexy look(better than 620), with Nokia Music subscription and please don't compare it with any other device.... and what is the price??? OMG... 9999/-... where u gonna get a wonderful device in 10k???? here is some facts about it-- Quad-band GSM/GPRS/EDGE support Quad-band 3G with 21 Mbps HSDPA and 5.7 Mbps HSUPA support 4.0" 16M-color IPS LCD display of WVGA resolution 5 megapixel autofocus camera with HD 720p@30fps video recording Windows Phone 8 OS 1 GHz dual-core Krait CPU, Adreno 305 GPU, Qualcomm MSM8227 chipset, 512MB of RAM Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band MS Office GPS receiver with A-GPS and GLONASS support Free lifetime voice-guided navigation (with a twist) 8GB of inbuilt storage, expandable via a microSD card slot (7 Gb free skydrive) Active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic Built-in accelerometer and proximity sensor 3.5 mm audio jack microUSB port Bluetooth v3.0 with A2DP and EDR, file transfers SNS integration Xbox Live integration and Xbox management Free Nokia Music Extremely competitive pricing just go for it and i can assure that u'll never regret buying it.....
From the day I have got my new Nokia Lumia 520, I haven’t stopped babbling about it. I’m just so proud of my new prized possession and you know what, so are my college friends! Everyone seems to have fallen for its cool looks and super-stylish phone. I know for a fact that as fancy as it looks outside, it is equally excellent when it comes to applications, speed and features. The Windows Phone 8 operating system is just amazing. I have used Android smartphones in the past and honestly feel they are quite over-hyped. The Live Tiles feature on my Nokia Lumia 520 is great. All my updates and favourite applications are pinned to the home screen. Whenever I have to visit my profile, I don’t have to waste time and my friend’s updates are so easily accessible for comments. It actually feels they are with me when I’m at work. Browsing through my profile is easy and updating photos is fun as my friend’s updates are pinned to my home screen. Social networking is really convenient and fun on the Nokia Lumia 520. The phone’s dual-core 1 GHz Snapdragon S4 processor and 512 MB RAM enables me to do multiple things at a time. Many phones of the best companies hang when multiple apps are opened, but not my Lumia 520. It works at blitzkrieg speed and delivers the same output. It has been quite a few months since I bought this phone and I have never got a blank screen. I can play all my favourite games and switch to viewing work-related documents. My smartphone offers support for MS Office documents and this helps me prepare for presentations when the deadlines are really short. While on the go, I can view Word files and presentations or even edit them. Revising how to talk to the client has become possible for me due to this amazing phone. The big music buff in me is enlightened and delighted with the Nokia Mix Radio. I can now opt from up to 150 expertly mixed track lists or generate my own. Every day is a new beginning I believe and listening to the same old songs bores me after a few days. The Nokia Radio Mix is a great option for me to listen to new, upcoming tracks every day. I have created many of my own collections in different genres. I also love travelling and meeting new people. Few days back when I came for my training, I never felt lost in Mumbai. I had my Nokia Lumia 520 with me to guide me all the time wherever I went with the HERE Maps, HERE Drive and HERE Transit apps. The Nokia Lumia 520 boasts of a 5 MP camera with the cool Cinemagraph and Smart Shoot features. The awesome Smart Shoot lens captures a series of snaps and I can select my favourite expressions to create my perfect picture. The Cinemagraph feature is a photographer’s dream-come-true. It lets me animate still images! My creativity certainly takes a high with the Nokia Lumia 520 and its superb features.
Design and Build: Nokia has created a beauty in the form of Lumia520. Has a good feel, the back cover has decent grip, easy for single hand operation. The phone feels sturdy and will certainly survive some accidental falls. As the speaker is not placed well, one has to place the phone face down if you have to hear the phone ring. If in noisy environment you are certain to miss some calls. Display and Touch: The LCD display produces decent colors and also has decent sunlight readability. There is an option in settings to enhance this feature but at the cost of faster battery drain. The display certainly lacks the ClearBlack technology. There are only 3 levels of brightness and auto brightness. IT would've been nice to have a linear brightness adjustment like in Android. The touch sensitivity of the phone is good. OS, UI and Apps: The best of the OS right now which does a fantastic job, no buggy lags and crashes which gives you peace of mind. The OS does not allow one to install apps in SD card as of now. The UI is neat and fast. The Windows Store is yet to grow. I felt lack of Dropbox, good battery management apps, Google Drive, Google Plus, etc. a big letdown. Hope those apps make it into the Windows Store. The People app provides connections to Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin which is a good feature. The contact management is also good. Internet: IE is the best phone browser I've seen so far. Have used stock browsers in Galaxy Ace, HTC Desire X, Galaxy S II, Galaxy Note. Have used Chrome and Firefox in these phones except in Ace. Out of these IE is the best. Battery: This is the worst part in the phone. The 1430MaH power is just not enough for this device. Mails sync every two hours (2 accounts), opened couple of interesting links while checking Twitter (opened 8 links). Haven't played any games and no music or video streaming and no Wi-Fi during this period. Did not even visit Store for apps during this time which means no Whatsapp. Received 5 text messages, received 3 calls each lasting 10 minutes or so. The brightness was set to low and in just 6 hours the battery fell from 100% to 30%. Once the battery level reaches 20% the stock battery saver kicks in and saves the juice but during that time all auto sync is turned off. To test further, charged the phone to 100% and switched off data connection and voila the phone has just lost 5% in 6 hours. Received 5 calls with total talk time of 45 minutes. Received 10 text messages and sent 6. So, the culprit is data connection which kills the battery. But, what is the point in getting this phone when it cannot last even a day with data connected? Mails can be synced manually, which again kills the battery as I tried even that. Only difference was rate of kill was slower but still, it won't last a day. Telephony and Messaging: The one thing this beauty does is good telephony, even though it is not that smart it is still a phone. The call reception and quality was extremely good. Both persons were able to hear the other's voice loud and clear even in the lowest of network coverage. The phone is also a delight for texting. Overall: This phone is for people who are getting their first smartphone and intend to use it for basic telephone and texting. For internet users, forget this.
great screen great phone lag free os go for it its a great phone under 11k great features glonass support but no city lens no other great browser except internet explorer....................................................................................................................................................
nokia 520 is good product there is no problem for this product the main advantage is it use very small amount of ram , battery backup is is superb ,display quality is also very good .camera is also good .
MASTTTTT PHONE... I LIKE IT MOST. A HIGH STATUS LOOKING AND WORKING PHONE..IT HAS ALL THE QUALITIES OF A RICH PHONE
This is the best phone ever Thanks flipcart for spacial discount I am waiting 4 2nd time spacial discount
Excellent phone for the budget ( < 5k ). If you are a light user and use the phone only for basic features this is a great phone. Battery life is too good and really satisfied with the product and delivery.
this just kills the androids in it range can easily run asphalt8 airborne an no lags at all....thnks flpkart....i got it at 5500
a must buy phone cause whenever u got a update then this mob is the first in the queue to get it....!!! awesome UI which barely hangs....wait up...actually never hangs..... now living on the denim update....its just awesome camera clarity and all the photographers out there a must buy Email, Facebook, Linkedin integration with Phonebook and messages is awesome Touch experience is just amazing and very responsive Integrated swipe keyboard which most of the android lack like the nokia family.its a strong phone (compared to other smart phones ) but at the end of the day its worth buying this phone
I have been using this phone for more than a year(16 months to be precise). When i bought the phone in 2013, it was the best phone for the 10K Range. The phone still runs good. It fell off my bike once and the screen broke an i had to buy a new screen for 3k. The phone is still better than the samsung and sony phones of the same range when my friends bought at the same time i bought this time. It does get heated up due to excessive gaming and surfing and battery drains very quicky while using wifi or 3g. It was a good buy back then but now I wont recommend buying it especially when fk price is 11k cuz i had bought it for 9k.
I have used some of the Android phones but none is equal to this Windows phone. When android phones are not able to run basic apps on 512mb RAM, this windows phone is able to run smoothly on 512mb RAM. The processor is also good. The price at which this phone is being offered by Flipkart is also good. As always, the delivery of this phone by Flipkart was awesome. It got delivered to me just in 2 days. I did not experience any lag in the phone. The display is good. The battery is sufficient. As of now I have not experienced any issue with this phone.
I was worried about what comes in box but it's fantastic. Nokia lumia 520 is a good phone...............................................................................................
iam using this mobile from a year till now not a single problem occured really loved thz one.best paisa wasool mobile
It was so nice to use Lumia 520.but I am feeling very bad when you reduced it price just after taking I was taken.??
purchased 2 times already..this can explain how much i like it.. one for my friend and one for my father..... really good phone for basic smart usage.... cant expect it to deliver extraordinary features with the hardware it has... pros... different from regular android... stylish.................................. camera the best in the range..auto focus is excellent tiles look really awesome....... touch sensitivity is unbeatable in the range.. no need of antivirus good call clarity display is really awesome.... applications available are really enough for one who selects the phone range cons.... worst battery performance...drains very fast unless you keep in battery saver mode.. no flash...but picture quality in low light is awesome hangs frequently applications like we chat wont perform well... no official you tube application currently available(the one available takes you to some page and doesn't have the features as available in android OS cant get a free app which can play .mkv videos music play is pathetic.. final verdict can try if you want a phone which is different from android and affordable and does the job in the price range... remember cons are best friends of pros which are inseparable in everywhere this is like jack of all trades, but a master of none. disclaimer...this is purely my personal opinion with personal usage and just advise and not giving any suggestions to the people.
an really interested in high end gaming like asphalt8..so for my budget i cant get in a android mobile and to have a difference of lags of android(samsung,moto,micromax except htc)all are low ended smartphones but lumia is great at this price
Pro's -Windows 8.1 -Price (was 8K when I picked it) -Sturdy -Hasnt crashed or hung yet -Good Camera -Very smooth while moving from one app to another -good packing -fast delivery Cons- - Phone No front cam (yes i know its a budget ph) No LED flash (yes i know its a budget ph) In broad daylight, difficult to see the display even with maximum contrast. - Operating System Cannot lock individual Apps (no such third party app also available) Cannot have any other lock code except a numeric 4 digit one Cannot add ringtones except through the laptop.
nice phone i realy love this, specialy camera quality and internet speed is great, even if window has less application and function, but i would like to say that window is better then android.
I brought this phone 1 week before..here is my experience with the phone. 1. Camera is super 2. Built body is quiet good lookin. 3. Screen quality is nice in this prize range but lil lack in things....like hangs when ur SD card nearly full, then starts automatically not so bad though. Overall phone is good. at the given prize. hope helped some.
nokia lumia 520 is a bst phone at his price range..it is one of the best smart phone under 7000. camera quality is almost better. no hang....
Lumia series have launched some great phone. I was already using Lumia 720 so thought of buying Lumia 520. Review were great for the products. The product is great and you can not get a better option in this price range. A must buy.
FIRST THANKS TO FLIPKART FOR IT'S BIG BILLION DAY OFFER.I GOT THIS PRODUCT ONLY IN 5000.THE DELIVERY TO BHUBANESWAR IS VERY FAST.GOT IT IN 4 DAYS. NOW COMING TO THE PRODUCT. 1.TOUCH IS VERY SMOOTH 2.PROCESSOR VERY FAST NEVER LAGS.THANKS TO SNAPDRAGON 3.WINDOWS 8.1 PRELOADED.THERE ARE MANY APPS ARE PRELOADED.WINDOWS STORE IS AWESOME.THERE ARE SOME FEATURES MORE THAN PLAY STORE.YOU COULD PAUSE WHILE DOWNLOADING THE APPS FROM WINDOWS STORE.AND MANY MORE 4.CAMERA IS DECENT. 5.BATTERY IS MORE THAN EXPECTED.BATTERY SAVER WORKS VERY WELL. IN 4999 NOKIA+WP8.1+SNAPDRAGON.WHAT MORE I NEED.
absolutely loved the phone, at first. its just been a day since I got the phone and started using it, I am seeing blackish shadow on the screen near the Home/Windows button. Pros: - WP8.1 is slick(some cases better than android ones) - form factor is neat and manageable - definitely worth 5k INR, as I got it on the Big Billion Day sale (not any higher) Cons(apart from the blackish shadow on display): - Wi-Fi reach is less, need to stay comparatively closer to the router/modem - Connecting audio through bluetooth audio fades and then increases the volume (weird) I have requested for an "easy replacement" as I purchased this on the Big Billion Day. Waiting for flipkart to come through now.
Product is good and no doubt but One rating as flipkart failed to update the shipping status on the site as well customer care.
Windows phone 8.1 on lumia 520 is just unbelievable. Lumia 520 is a low end phone packed with high end experience for it's users. It runs like a fluid while usage.
The resolution is good enough when the screen size and battery life is taken into consideration. The processor works great and the touch is smooth as much as it can be. It does lack the front camera and the flash but considering its price its a great phone. And the main point is that the windows phone operating system keeps getting updates and it isn't RAM-hungry like android. The os works like a charm (same as in any windows pc); unlike android the temporary files can be deleted without deleting the settings files for any app and the RAM stays free always to give a great performance. So the 512 MB RAM does the work which actually takes about 1 GB in android. Using GPS, Wifi, mobile data connection, calls, messaging, net surfing, listening to music in short a mixed use gives it almost 30 hours of battery life. The build quality is excellent and beats the lumia 530 dual sim model in style. The edged corners and slim built body with the matt finish back cover makes it a more handy set than any other currently available. And of-course another main point is the people hub in this phone which let us get all our social network friends' available information with their pictures in our contact list, thus the phone numbers, birthdates, pictures, email and address and other available information are right there for our needs.
pros: 1. Premium feel ,unlike the cheap entry level android phones. 2. slimmer than what anyone would expect. 3. Really fast processor compared to its specs of 512 mb ram and 1ghz. 4.Excellent overall design. 5.Satisfactory camera performance(dont expect a miracle). 6.latest windows 8.1 cons: 1.phone gets a little hot while charging (first day experience,hope it gets all right). 2.screen is a bit reflective. 3.dont know if it is a con or not but the phone requires micro sim card. 4.very very cheap earphone in the box. (sorry cant find anymore)
VERY GOOD LOOK AND CLASS MOBILE .EXCELLENT CAMERA.BOUGHT SINCE 6 MONTHS WORK IN EXCELLENT CONDITION. AND GAMES ALSO RUN SMOOTHLY AND GOOD PROCESSOR TOO NEVER HANGS.ONLY DRAWBACK NO FRONT CAMERA .REST PERFECT.
THANKS TO FLIPKART BIG BILLION SALE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I got a mobile with display problem,but I raised a replacement request to Flipkart.Thanks...to Flipkart Team. for accepting my replacement request.Today I got the replacement unite.. Its great feels beautiful.Thanks Flipkart....
I am very much satisfied with this phone and recently updated it to Windows 8.1 and it is working great and also the battery backup....I am very much satisfied with the windows phone
Though people will complain bout lack of features, i must say , its much better performance and battery back up wise than my Samsung S3,overall it looks premium. My samsung S3 doesnt last more than 3 hours on internet usage now and phone hangs while playing subway surfer when phone is 17 months old and dis even being of same age, still looks solid and great going. Well, its an unbiased review and based on performance issue while using both the phone. In future, will stick to Windows phone only.
It's been about 6 months now, I have to say everything is working fine. The phone came in sturdy packaging, there was no sign of damage. I ordered black, it's what I got, so I'm a satisfied buyer. Also, flipkart is a convenient option, so it helps to buy from the webstore for those with busy lives. I have nothing else to say about the product, it's very normal.
Since 13 months I am using 520 and untill now there is no problem to my phone and its battery life is amezing also same with camera it is awesome video quality is exellent than other phones in this price. And now it has 8.1 update so what else we want? Also after hours of online playing high end games its battery works for a day without doubt. Anyone can spend 10k on this mobile than those laggy androide phones. So dont think now there is android era because you can do any thing on this phone. You can download every single app which you need in daily life. Also you will get alot of games on wp store if you need any android game then you will get that game also. Also you will get alot of extra features on this mobile whitch you can't get on other phones in this range. So I'll say that go for it.
This is my 2nd purchase of Lumia 520 and this is for my sister. I have been using this phone since April 2014. When it was WP8 I had some sort of dissatisfaction with this product. But after WP8.1 update I love this device. It has amazing hardware quality because it's Nokia. You can feel the hardware quality 1. When you make a call, superb voice quality, superb signal strength 2. When you navigate there is no interruption or GPS signal loss 3. When you download It's lightning fast. 4. When you play HD videos it renders very well on its IPS screen I'm not a gamer but I am playing Angry Birds and Temple Run 2 5. I have not seen any problem during gaming except some heating problem(I think it's usual) 6. When you capture a picture It has the quality to be printed on a photo paper 7. When you shoot a video It amazingly capture the ambient audio and these video can be played on large LED TVs with amazing quality(720p). 8. When you touch It's ultra smooth. 9. When you hold it you feel premium quality. The key points why I bought this device are (Actually I had come to flipkart to buy a Moto E. The following are the deal breakers of Moto E) 1. 4inch screen. It's sufficient for regular use. But I later Identified that the length and width of 520 is almost same as Moto E. 2. IPS display. Wide viewing angle. But Moto E has good pixel density. 3. 2 step capture key for photography 4. AF camera 5. HD video recording. 6. 8GB internal memory so It's worthy than Moto E. Most of the people do not care about internal memory. They just go for higher capacity RAM. Internal memory and the performance of the device has serious relationship. 7. Low weight 8. Thin 9. Flow keyboard 10. Removable battery. Nokia and Microsoft is made for each other so I don't say anything about OS. The only thing I can say if you are not fan of Android you will definitely love WP8.1 Now it's time to discuss some drawbacks 1. Battery performance could have been better. But you can definitely go for a day(24hrs) with mixed usage. Heavy usage of gaming, navigation, browsing, video playback would drain the battery within 3 to 6Hrs 2. Soft keys do not glow and it's placement disturb while single handed usage. 3. Low light photography is not good. 4. No mobile data ON/OFF button in Action centre 5. WP8 had an embedded messenger that could be used for chatting with fb friends. Now it's unavailable on WP8.1. I miss this feature very badly. 6. 512MB RAM is sufficient but could have been higher capacity. The charger came with my first piece of Lumia was faulty. I claimed warranty at Nokia care. I got its replacement after 30days. My two other friends also had faced the same problem.
Great Phone if you are not looking for dual sim. Absolutely love it. Almost every feature except flash.
Its been 1 year that I'm using this phone. And it's working without any trouble. Battery life is also good. In terms of processor speed also, I am very much satisfied
i am using this phone for the last few months and i will say it is good phone to buy in just 10k budget. but those who are using android may not like it because switching to windows from android making it difficult to accept. But no doubt it is a good phone.
This phone is an amazing phone and it has windows phone 8 and all this below 10k. 1) The price in flipkart is expensive I got mine form tradus where it was rs 500 cheaper. 2) This phone has super senstitve touch which allows you to use it with big nails and with gloves on. 3) You also get a 5 mp camera. But there is no flash and front facing camera as a result you do not take use of Skype integration. 4) The windows phone 8 os is the most simplest os to use. 5) The phone has a very good design and also we get a 4 inch screen. 6) Dont worry about apps. I am a developer at windows phone we are trying extremely hard to get the best app and believe me the apps are the best standard. 7) This is the best phone you can get at this range as all other android phone have single core and keep on hanging.. So Close Your Eyes And Buy This Device!!!
I have always been a Nokia user. From 1100 to 6600 to N-series, I always had faith in Nokia but when the entire world was jumping on the Android bandwagon, I decided to remain faithful to Nokia and bought Lumia 520. I have always liked the design of Nokia phones.This one too had an impressive built.I was a little tight on the budget or else i would have gone for the 625 model. But after using the handset for 10 months it is time to say goodbye!I am joining the Android league because being on the windows platform, I have been missing so much fun which the Android users have enjoyed for almost two years. Pros: Camera-THE BEST at the given price range!HANDS DOWN! A very different and vibrant UI Microsoft Office inbuilt Cheap Cons: Limited App Store-One of the major reasons I am leaving the Windows camp.Some very famous apps are unavailable.Facebook is plain boring. Updates are way too slow and there are so many famous games like Candy Crush that are missing from the store. 512MB RAM- Almost every app crashes at least once everyday. No front camera/flash- If you are a selfie freak like I am, you ll be disappointed. Customization is very difficult. The interface gets boring at times. Small size-4 inches coz size does matter ;)
This phone is good to start with smartphone type of phones. The product is good , good pictures, easy of handling of data and user friendly menu attracts the user. It alos has lot of free games we can download . Over all this is very good phone to own . Flipkart service is excellent, there nothing 'negative' to report about Flipkart.
It has been almost a year since i bought this phone and 2 months since i upgraded to Windows 8.1. Given its modest hardware as compared to Androids, its performance is still great with no lag or freezing. Cortana works like a charm and much needed notification center is great. Number of apps has also increased and a lot of features have been included or upgraded in subsequent upgrades. Battery still lasts for around 10-12 hours of usage. The only thing missing is front cam, as it would have been great for video calls.
Has all the basic features at a decent price. Well Done.Maps are very usseful.There is no front camera and back camera has a good quality(5 MP) Nokia!!
With this new OS (Windows) Nokia is all set to acquire the mobile market. Though there are many more options available in mobiles with much cheaper rate, Nokia is far ahead from all of them in terms of quality and customer satisfaction. I've used Nokia, Micromax, Sony, Motorola. But the experience with Nokia is amazing.. Now coming on Nokia lumia 520, This phone has got all the features which a multimedia smart phone should have. But above all, the experience with Windows OS is heart throbbing. Battery life is quite satisfactory while using 3G. Designed for easy handling. As usual, Robust, Ruff and Tuff. Good Music quality. Over all it is a one stop solution for a Smartphone searcher.
THE PHONE PERFORMANCE IS OVER ALL GOOD, TOUCH IS REALY GOOD, SOUND GOOD,BUT HEADSET SOUND QUALITY IS POOR,GAME'S RUNNING WELL, BATTERY BACKUP VERY VERY BAD..... CAMERA IS GOOD.
Recently i have updated to Windows8.1, it's awesome. Phone is just working as if it has the earlier version.
Heard a lot about this mobile before actually buying it. But true colors of it were seen only after buying it. Reviews doesn't always help. Initially was really happy to have received the box. Pros: 1. Camera is really good in comparision to other 5MP camera phones. 2. Interface is really smooth 3. light weight 4. Max apps are similar to Android's play store 5. Easy to handle notes 6. Microsoft Office inbuilt which helps manage documents efficiently 7. Battery backup is decent enough. Cons: 1. The most irritating one- Media player is horrible - only selected formats of songs and videos will play..rest error as format not supported. 2: whatsapp is not as efficient as androids 3. many banking apps not supportable 4. NO FLASH 5. no video player can be downloaded free 6. no updates for media player 7. music player has a bug which repeats songs sometimes upto 50 counts 8. no proper gtalk for the windows phone 9. few more are there but can be ignored. i am relieved of all pains now after upgrading it to 8.1 version. Happy again. :)
I was about to buy moto ,but dropped the plan since SAR value is high.so,i was thinking wat to buy.I was already using a android mobile.so,i thought ok,let me go for windows phone.I saw the reviews and went on to buy this.First i was scared,whether i have made the right choice...Am i gng to miss android features n gng to blame myself...but to my relief,it was better then android..I feel more secure n organized in this phone...here we have so many Microsoft products which are really useful...our data are always safe..we have sky drive.,we can upload watever we want..We have dozens of apps which are equally gud as in android...quality of songs,videos n pics are really gud...so,people if u want to use something different n got bored of android...Just go for it.I am sure u will not regret it :).
very fast delivery from flipkart but i have got old stock which has manufactured in january 2014 all the features are mind blowing camera is the best in nokia moiles battery back up 2 days with using net over all superb product from nokia
Loved the feel of the Windows 8 OS. Being a user of Android OS earlier. I can tell you Windows 8 is better. Great performance , given the price tag. Great value for money. Kudos to Flipkart's service. Received the delivery within 2 days.
I am reviewing this product after using it for 12 months.Here it goes: Hardware: Since, its a budget phone, you cant expect a body which is hard and shock absorbant. It fell on marble floor around 5 times and the phone just opens up with no other damage to any part. Touch is really good. O.S :All I can say is that Windows is really promising and its definitely way behind android(when it comes to features) even after the 8.1 update. But its pretty gorgeous O.S. Flipkart: Excellent as ever..!! Delivered within 48 hours :) Updated 1 moth after the original review: This time it fell on road and the touch is completely gone and i need to pay 3k to get it repaired which is not a really good choice.So, i should better buy a new phone..!! Word of advice : Just be careful with the screen. There is no cheap option to get it repaired, trust me..!! P.S. :I love this phone despite the problem.Its that nice!! Its that sexy...!!
Good opinion about the phone(really good and money worthy) but on the very next week i purchased this phone, its charger got complaint.
The phone which has been given to me is not good at all to be frank.Its getting switched off oftenly when it is touched on any part.This only tells that they are cheating by giving ungeniune piece.
good ecosystem , great user interface and value for money product.. needless to say about Nokia build quality.. Nokia is Back ... strongly recommend...
Worst Phone Dont buy. 1) Cannot send videos by bluetooth, 2) Cannot Tranfer contacts from phone to sim and sim to phone. 3) Apps are very few in the store. 4) Every day gets hanged 7 to 8 times. 5) Can c the Incoming call but cannot take call becasue it takes time to do the process. 6) If you are running a app it get out of it automatically and gets hanged to 5 mins. 7) Cannot c previous msgs in Whatsapp, it gets hanged and get out of it automatically. 8) if you are running a app and phone call comes, it rings cracking and takes time to connect the call. There are other more reasons to say not to buy this phone, its a worst phone ever, u realise the actual problem when u use it for 2/3 months. Worst thing is if you to service center they will tell u, yes this model have some problem, cannot fix it. Bad Bad Bad
First Of all Thanks To extremely fast delivery of Flipkart.. Its A very beautiful looking phone in this range for users Who love Windows... I have upgraded it to Win 8.1 and it Works Perfectly Fine without Hanging... For the users who are planning this phone for gaming purpose I would suggest them to go with Higher ram Phones But for Little bit Gaming and exhaustive use I would suggest this Phone
I bouht it from flipkart,I will go staright to the product as that matters,the phone was above my expectations and will satisfy anyone,the phone is really stylish and sleek,the back is matte finish and gives you a good grip,the phones performance is excellent,it never lags or hangs the interface is bright and inituitive,the new update of WP 8.1 has rolled out and you can update your phone to that.The camera of the phone is strictly good in daylight condition,dont expect too much.The battery life is average and lasts a day,go and search on ebay BL-5J and there is a golden battery which is 2450mah and expands the battery upto three days.The videos are great in quality.The apps that are offered in WP store is fairly limited if you are a app geek dont go with this phone.But WP store is growing all the essential games and apps are there like temple run,tr2,Asphalt 8 etc.When it comes to android phones the hardware matters but with lumia phones you would never feel that,everything will run.The screen is good it has got a scratch proof layer,but consider buying a cover from third party manufacturers.The phone is outstanding in its price bracket.One more thing dont go with the lumia 525 for 1gm ram,as I told the hardware dosent matter in lumia phones and the back of 525 is a glossy finish which makes it prone to scratches.And remember when you complain about this phone,please look at the price tag once more. Hope Ths Helps.
Plus Points: 1. Best 5 MP Camera 2. Windows 8 ( Upgradable to Windows Phone 8.1) 3. 4 Inches Screen 4. Low Price 5. Internal Storage: 8 GB 6. HD Recording 7. IPS Super Sensitive Display 8. MS Office 9. Lookwise Awesome 10. Lag Free Drawbacks: 1. No front camera 2. No Flashlight Highly Recomended.
This product is really fantastic and very good performance. Compared to all other smartphones in this world, this Lumia 520 with windows phone 8 OS is very cheap and best phone. Awesome performance.
the touch screen is very good. the internal memory is not manageable as in other android phones. wall paper maintaining facility is not there. But this is a very good for browsing as the processor is a very effective one when compared to other brand phones.
I ordered Lumia 520 at Flipkart on the 12th of January 2014. Received the phone on 14th of Jan 2014. First of all, I must mention that the phone is super awesome. the touch extremely sensitive and the interface extremely user friendly. And the live tiles are simply awesome. trust me, the 512mb RAM works perfectly and all the games that I have played in my Lumia ran without any lag. The camera is also super cool and the pixel density is pretty high thus taking breath taking quality of pictures. The windows and Nokia store are both well supplied with every app u need in daily life and whoever says that Windows phone doesnt have proper apps is simply Lying. However, I was extremely unfortunate and lost my beloved lumia 520 on the 27th of January 2014 i.e within 13 days of my purchase. Since I had already registered for my microsoft account frm my Lumia, Hence I immediately went to the "Find My Phone" section of Microsoft. But shockingly, I came to know that the "Find My Phone" feature is not available in India. So till now I havent got any trace of my beloved phone and would advice anyone who is going to invest their money to buy a windows phone should be extra careful of this shortcoming. Thank u for ur patience.....
I bought Nokia Lumia 520 a couple of months back and here is my experience.. Pros: 1. Attractive design 2. Touch sensitivity is very very good on this price range 3. I never felt at anytime that I am using a 512 RAM mobile.. Its good and it works really well even with fully loaded apps 4. Video quality is damn good... 5. All the apps and games available for android are available in windows store too.. Cons : 1. No Secondary camera 2. No FM 3. Not able to scroll the play bar when songs are playing 4. Not able to set customized ringtones ( correct me if I am wrong)
Excellent as usual product from Nokia, Excellent 1st smart phone for my teenaged son ... Awesome product ... solid ... Nothing less expected from Nokia
Firstly WS Retail rocks....i mean seriously they have the best deals by far any of the online shops. I just bought the Lumia 520 for Rs7200... What a deal and that too the current price of the Lumia 520 in retail shops are Rs 8500+.... These surprise deals are awesome. The last time i got nexus 7 from u guys for only rs7999. Hope you guys regularly keep offering these surprise deals for us
I have been using this phone since 7 months, product was awesome , working good, windows os superb, I did nt get any compalint except head phones. touch sensitivity is very good. U will have more value for ur money. Last week I bought one more piece for my cousin through flipkart, Flipkart service is very good, I got it in 3 days....with a neat packing.
When I bought the phone, there was nothing like it. It was smooth, apps are cool and was just the phone I needed. I use the phone a bit roughly, and it held pretty well until the other day when it slipped off my hand. And lo behold, the screen shattered. There were criss cross lines across the screen. The news that the Nokia official screen replacement comes to around 3.5k came as a big blow. So, guys look after this phone well, if u intend to buy. If u do look after it well, then it a bargain phone at this price.
Team, ur delivery is owesome and no word to explain ur services. few day days back I need to purchase one more Lumia 520 Cyan, but ur site is showing his 9770 Apprx, and ur another onle site is selling that model on 8103 apprx. so, team want to tell due to high diffrent I had to purchased another lumia from another website.regarding this concern i have talked ur representative but tey are treat me as newly customer. Any ways over all expreince is owesome. from suggestion point of view ur price is bit high,so please take care of this. Thanks ... Keep it up... Guys
Initially had doubts on how the phone would be...once i got it..instantly fell in love with the phone...installed windows phone 8.1 and the experience is awesome....
Open your mind android users .. The Windows interface wins this outright .. further backed up with the awesome quality hardware that Nokia provides along with the lack of usage barriers, a Lumia 520 is a steal .. I bought a black one but for the bolder people, the yellow and the red are too good !!
I will deal in points: - The product performace against the price is outstanding. I don't see any lags. Instead of going for any Chinese brand Android phones, you should prefer this phone in the price segment. - Battery backup is good, does a day in moderate usage. - Internet over Wifi is good. - Screen size is comfortable for single handed operation. - Single SIM phone, not suitable if you carry dual SIMs. - If you are app-crazy, please go for android phones - If you need a phone with essential apps and need good performance, Nokia Lumia phones can save your day. Almost all apps we need today on daily basis are on Windows OS as well.
Nokia Lumia 520 is my first phone and this is my first review for any product. Talking about the phone, it is a budget phone available at flipkart for around 8000. Though I bought this phone for 8900 from the local Priority Dealer, I am happy with the phone. Let me now tell the pros and cons...... Pros: 1. You get ''assurance of Nokia'', so no need to worry about the service. 2. Windows OS is excellent....... In my opinion, it is better than android. 3. No fear of viruses as all apps are checked by Microsoft as well as Nokia. 4. Though 512 MB of RAM seems to be less for android users, it works well with Windows 8. 5. Touch of this device is buttery i.e. excellent and highly sensitive. 6. The 4-inch display is GOOD and feels nice in hands. 7. The 5 MP camera is good and better than 8 MP cameras of android phones of this range. The other pre-installed camera apps are also worth. 8. Nokia Mixradio is excellent and you get 3 months of free song downloads. 9. HERE Maps are good. You will not miss Google Maps. 10. Build Quality is awesome. 11. Office 365 is also worth for this price. CONS: 1. No front camera and flash. 2. No homescreen. 3. No notification panel or toggles. These cons aren't to be worried about considering the other features of Lumia 520. For the toggles, download QUICKSETTINGS from the Windows Store-it will solve the problem to a great extent.
The good: 1) Most apps run smoothly 2) OS is smooth 3) Much better than androids at this price point 4) Isn't lagging even after multiple updates. The bad: 1) WhatsApp crashes sometimes if I scroll more than 3 pages of multi-media 2) Lags if SD card is filled. The verdict: Brilliant if you don't try to push its limits.
Nokia the Mobile king. Thanks to flipkart delivering it within expected time. Lumia 520 grt product in small price.. Windows 8, upgradable to Amber & Black updates, 5mp camera is good.. Bigger screen with good touch, Battery life is one day. Worth buying ths..
Phone is nice, working butter soft but if it falls, screen down, den u have no other option but to change it even with the small hair line cracks. SAMSUNG phones do work in such cases. Many of my frnds cracked their samsung phone screen but it is still working fine but the case is not same with LUMIA. Better to buy a good protective cover
Just got it 7 days ago. Remember before rating it bad. It not a 10lakh mobile that you are buying. its about 7000-10000 piece. you cannot get all the features that you want. the only thing that you don't is a flash, filemanager. don't think that you don't have many apps. just update to lumia black and get it*. I recommend this for who want a best piece at this price range. *for those who bought it in march, It comes preinstalled with Lumia Black OS. Who bought it in February or before please update using Settings-->Phone Update.
Overall the mobile is very good with required facilities except few less features which if included would have increased its value in the market. Further when it is put in pocket, some features get activated at its own which should not be there in such set. Its FM cord requires improvement a lot as the same does have clear connectivity like other sets of Samsung, Motrolla etc. At least the following offer should be made a part with the purchase : Mircro SD Card; or flipcover, etc However, whenever we review the services of FLIPKART in delivery as well as other features - IT WILL RATE THE ORGANISATION AS 'EXCELLENT' Thanks a lot NAGESH SINGH Asstt. Commander
This is a better phone for those who start using smartphones. The updates are very efficient and the latest update black brought many improvements to the smartness of the phone. Best for the price....
i see no other phone at 8k with 1. dual core snapdragon processor 2. adreno 305 gpu 3. scratch resistant glass 4. 21mbps modem and bluetooth 4.0 but letdowns are, 1. camera quality is not good, no front camera and no flash. for those who donot use video calling very much, it should not be any problem. performance wise its better then any other phone at this range. hd games like Six Guns play without any lag. those who think android is better, i say YES, but not under 10k price range. if u want android, go for Xperia M or SP etc. never buy micromax or lava or karbonn shits
this product Nokia lumia 520 very comfortable to use.I look's great with its design .the features are very useful for the end users.
All over the device is good. Packaging and freight conditions are also good. But I have problem with connecting to my mobile network. Often the device is checking for network which makes the device to go to "Not reachable" state.
very impressive for a budget smartphone....the UI is awesome and very fluid. a perfect phone if you are graduating from a basic feature phone!
It is a decent phone for the money you pay. Works pretty well for basic use of phone calls, messaging, whatsapp etc.
I gifted this phone to my sis. And she is really very happy with it. Rough and tough to use plus dozens of games you can download and use. I personally didnt feel that I am missing android if m using a windows phone. I feel it satisfies my needs and yeah a perfect gift too..
This is great product for me. its sensor are great. its delivary time was great. i got this phone within 48 hrs after placing the order.well packed.
i am fan of nokia so it was obvious when i choose this phone Loved it for its features ,usability, friendly, performance Only con's are that it has no secondory camera and hangs sometimes (not often)
I bought this phone 2 times,again I am buying this phone. the phone with excellent performance. Nice battery backup. Overall everything is perfect. Nice if you are using for official purpose. I suggest everyone to use this phone once in a life. Also buy with flipkart very great service also use 1 day deliver guarantee service. Thanks to Flipkart and Nokia.
must buy phone . but only one disadvantage of camera ,no flash. otherwise a great smartphone. 512 MB ram nice for a windows phone as windows OS works smoother than android. 1 GHZ dual core quite good. camera quality is nice with a good 5 MP lens. windows provides you a better security than android.
The phone is really good if you look at the features at such price, but the biggest flaw in this phone is its RAM, only 512 mb. Even simplest of games like Subway Surfers, Temple Run 2 etc. are not compatible for this device and its brothers, Lumia 620, 720 among others. If you try searching them, they will not show up in the phone's store. They can only be seen if you open them via windowsphone.com in the browser of the phone. Overall, camera is not bad, but bad in low light. Videos can be recorded in 720p which is pretty good. Windows Phone 8 is awesome, and the latest updates make it's use even easier. The saving grace for Nokia Lumia's games store is Gameloft. With awesome games like Asphalt 8, Six-Guns, Minion Rush (an improved version of Subway Surfers) and many good games with 512 mb ram support are free. Some, like Real football, Amazing Spiderman etc. are not compatible, but then what can you expect at less than 8k?
Hello, The phone is very good to use and no problem with hardware. I found that whatsapp is quite slow in this phone. And it has very poor battery life. In my case sometimes there is not even 8 hours to sustain with 100% fully charge battery. Rest everything is fine. It can play 1080p videos flawlessly. Everything works well. Superb hardware. If possible buy Lumia 525. Its quite better. Camera is incredible.
But Lacking WIFI Direct, NFC,and Font cam exept tat its best Battry life is good standby lasts for around 3 days. and at normal use around 14hrs
I purchased this from Flipkart @ 7789/-. The delivery was fast( I took the 1 day delivery option, which is a new option from Flipkart), good packing and communications in mail and SMS were accurate and smooth. Excellent phone and It is " the " best in this price range across platforms. You will see good reviews about this mobile across websites and forums. Major Positives regarding this phone like the fluid touch experience, upmarket looks for this price, speed, Camera, Error free OS etc Cons as per "Me" 1. Flash availability, I was expecting a flash not for the camera, but to use as a torch ;) because LED flash mostly even in high end mobiles are not that powerful for night capture unless its a Xenon flash like in Digital Camera which only a few mobile provide. 2. Apps availability- most of the apps which we require in our daily life are available in Windows, but Android has more and more variants/varieties which comes free compared to Windows. General advise: 1. Have a complete backup of contacts. Windows OS has multiple ways to copy in contacts from everywhere like SIM/other phones/Online etc.... but to take contacts in bulk from a windows phone is a bit tough . Its possible only if you have Online sync. but in Android such functions are pretty basic and we have many easy options to copy contacts in and out of the phone. 2. (I am not sure whether this bug is there in 520)Never leave it to go dry on battery as my earlier Nokia 720/ Lumia 800 had a bug in which if the phone goes dry on battery, even if u put on charge the phone wont switch on.... Later I heard it switches on after 25% of its battery get charged(not sure)....better not to leave it dry. Now a days we have enough varieties of USB portable battery chargers available....get one and the problem is solved. I had Lumia 800/ Lumia 720 earlier and now Lumia 520. I am a fan of this OS for its simple approach. It is unique compared to the dated UI of Android. Its fresh with vibrant colors on black Background, a real head turner. Never hangs. Go for it.
its my first smatphone and i am satisfied wih it. although there is a lack of notification centre and easy buttons for connectivity as in android .. but believe me ..its silky smooth .. facebook is in my phone all contacts and news feed . The absence of flash and secondary camera does not bother me much ..and in this price range its a very good phone ..android phones lag so much but this phone is fast and fluid. quite satisfied.. there are some problems like the volume key..allthough it shows decreasing volume but the actual volume remains stuck which i think is the problem many users may have encountered. and there is always a lack of apps and games like the currently popular game candy crush is not available in the windows phone store. so if you are buying this phone for games then beware .. u will not get all the apps which are in the android store but you will get about 90% of them Edited.. now my phone has the latest windows phone 8.1 (preview for developers) and i think most of the problems have been entertained in this new update and i have increased the rating by 1 star. and my advice will be to buy a large memory card with it as it now allows you to move the apps to the sd card which is a lovely feature .this phone is really a value for money ( new motorrola phones are also a good option). And the volume key problem is eliminated now.
For the price, the phone is definitely a value for money for an average or novice user of a smart phone. But if you switching from Android, be prepared to be annoyed. There is a lot of features that you will find missing in W8. I am mentioning just a few to give you an idea - Universal Volume control. There is no option to control the volume of Music, Alerts and ringing separately. If you reduce the volume while listening to music, the ring volume and alerts volume will also reduce accordingly. This is sometimes really annoying because you forget to increase volume after listening through a sensitive headphone and you will start missing calls due to low ringing volume. - No app to measure amount of data used. This is one of the basic features you need when using postpaid 3g connections. Here you will have no idea about the amount of data used unles you check with your operator, nor there is any option to limit data usage after 1GB etc. - No of apps. No need to specifically mention here. However the pros are: - A novice user can easily learn using the smartphone features. No confusing menu like Android. - built-in Microsoft office apps are really good. - Value for money.
Well, after lots of research i finally made up my mind to buy a windows phone and lumia 520 fitted just right on to my financial brackets. Pros: Love the layout of phone Neat rendering for video and audio Excellent outlook email support pretty decent battery backup Whereas, all my cons are with windows and flipkart cannot be responsible : Windows really need to let in Good & Decent app developers in to market. You search for any app in the store, you can find lots of bogus and useless apps. No FM support. This is most important for commuters like me. Video/audio formats supported are very less. Refer Windows 8.1 documentation. I was pissed off seeing that. Phone hangs often in spite of having ample free space Angry birds and most common games are pay-and-use and lot more cons. Better think twice, thrice or even ten times before going for any Windows phone. I learnt this lesson the hard way. I am a developer and have developed apps for Android. I thought of extending my knowledge to develop apps for Windows as well. Was startled when I learnt than I have to pay close to $120 to become a registered Windows App developer. oooohhh. Windows can never improve in mobility if such a constraint is there.
In my fisrt 2 months of use ,I am very much satisfied with lumia 520 black. If you are using android phone for a period and u want a change then 520 is the ideal option. It is very fast and high sensitivity touch and high clarity camera even though it has no flash. I never had it got stuck in use.Accessing net and connecting to social media is even smoother than android. Music app provides a wide range of music including regional songs. The main drawbacks are appstore contains much lesser apps comapred to other platforms and the keyboard is just normal,you wont get a keyboard like swift or swype as in android
the phone is uber cool-flipkart delivered it on time. the packaging was great. Above all, Nokia is providing lumia black update with added features which includes "double tap to wake".
Product Delivered Shortly and I couldn't find any Defects in it. Excellent Seller ..Trustworthy Seller !
Awesome phone under 10K. never lags windows store now has almost all the usefull app and games recommend for feature phone users who want to upgrade to smartphone with lesser budget
First, I would like to thank Flipkart courier service for the delivery of the product way before the estimated delivery date.... :) Regarding the Nokia Lumia 520, I would say that it is a pretty decent product from Nokia at the small budget range of 7k to 9k.... I find the handset pretty good and also the features that it has quite sufficient for normal use... Primary camera is quite ok for taking snaps during the day.... But it would have been great if there was an front/secondary camera... thats the only flaw i found in the model.... Otherwise... I would give it a rating of 4 out of 5.....
Signal reception while driving is very very pathetic; if you are inside some buildings without antennas placed inside the building you will be mostly "not reachable" if somebody try to reach you. Best feature what I extensively use in this phone is the Windows outlook email; that's fantastic.
The best phone under 10k! All the essential applications are available for the Windows platform. Battery life is excellent. No crashes and no lags. The best smartphone experience!
Hi . The product is good for new user . Not for ppl who already have used a android phone . And about flipkart they are GOOD . Product delivered before delivery time as requested . Over All GOOD
The phone is awsome, ofcourse... I have been using it for about 2 months. The touch quality and processing all very good. There are some basic functionalities missing in this phone. We cant send buciness card. we can't see the files in memory card. There is no option to send videos/pictures in memory card. we have to move to saved pictures by connecting to computer, then only we can send those files. There is no move/copy option. If you want to delete some messages in a conversation, we have to do it one by one. There is no mark option inside the conversation. or else we have to delete the complete conversation as such. mark option is there in inbox only(not tthere inside conversation). But still for this price, it is good as it is giving good performance.
Major plus points: 1. Offline navigation and maps: I use here maps and here drive (pre installed) when i travel through city. It works perfect even if my data connection is not working. Voice navigation is also amazing. 2. Beautiful OS Better than android! Every app is interconnected to phone. 3. Awesome camera: 5 MP is really really good camera. Also latest Black updates have improved its camera. Nokia pro cam, Nokia smart cam, Nokia creative studio are awesome pre installed camera apps. You don't need to install any other camera app. 4. Killer hardware 5. Super smooth touch: You can use it even wearing glows. And last but not the least most top apps are now available for windows phone, then just go for this phone blindly.
Its been more than 2 months since I have been using this phone. Over all its an awesome device to use. Hardware quality is very good and same is battery backup. Platform is where MS needs to work on. You will get most of the needed apps but few of them are not as per Android. Worst thing about OS is it don't have File Manager. So you can't browse your files on Mobile.
Excellent phone. Delivered on time. I am a die hard Windows fan. Despite its inadequacies, the speed of the OS and quality of build is unbeatable.
Superb touch sensitive superb gamin experience superp sound quality great screen resolution good interface voice recognition feature ... no hang problem at all battery recharge time is less compared to another no hang prob even if memory card 64gb is full wit data con- bad battery life single sim orignal headphones with the pack don't give u the desired sound quality(so bought a iball headphones) windows phone cannot be used as modem for desktop(except for laptop wer wifi hotspot can be used)
I am using this product for long time.. the best windows phone 8 with good performance backed by 1GB RAM and good processor. You can do everything like contact sync through google contacts, email configuration, watsapp, facebook, decent camera, music player, maps and 3g ready browsing. What else you look for a Rs.8500 phone.. the built in quality and voice clarity of speaker is also good.
Camera is great, thats the first thing that comes to my mind when thinking of 520. I was hesitant initially to go for this model since it doesn't have flash but I realized thats the highlight after using it. besides it gives you good battery backup and decent usage. The architecture of this device is so good that it occupies only minimum resource, better performance with limited resource. You wont feel like you are using a budget phone
I recently purchased a Nokia Lumia 520. A few pointers based on my experience.. Positives: 1. A very user friendly phone, especially for first time smart phone users. Its much easier to figure out as compared to an Android. 2. The displays, sound, voice/call quality are fairly good. 3. It appears to be pretty sturdy to use and can handle a bit of rough usage. Drawbacks: 1. The phone heats up really quickly after a 10-15 min conversation. So long conversations are probably best done on the speaker. 2. The battery needs to be charged at least once a day, if not twice if you happen to use it regularly. Its not enough for any gaming applications. 3. The music settings, addition of songs videos etc. is not easy at all. Despite transferring stuff to an SD card , duplicates show up. The interface with the Windows phone app is limited and not effective.
First off all I am thankful to flipkart for such a Fast and nice service. I am using this device from last 1 month and its really value for money. But still there are some of the things that windows/nokia should take care of. * This device gets very hot near camera if you are continue with shooting for more than 45 min. * Some time device gets hanged and automatically restarts. Overall I am more than satisfied with my decision to buy this product.
Hi Friends. I had bought nokia lumia 520 for my mother as my requirement was simple smartphone with basic functionalities. Light weight, appropriate size to handle with palm, good display and smart looks makes lumia 520 a good buy for someone who is looking for a entry level smartphone and has not much expectation with specifications. Camera is good as per entry level . Haven't tried installing much applications so i wont comment on processor performance. At last, best thing is that i got this device delivered in 3 days from Flipkart. So thanks to flipkart. Adding this after 6 months of usage...The phone started giving trouble. whatsapp didnt worked and phone hanged a lot...had a lot of trouble recovering the data after it was brought from nokia care...Not impressed with the quality of device , so i had to sell it finally...I doubt whether product was good as my other friends had been using same phone which was purchased from shop without any trouble...
Simply the best phone under 10k if you have no preference for OS. The phone is quick and user friendly. Camera is good with various modes of shooting but no flash which i can live without. Pleased with the battery life. Yes, less apps but i guess the ones required are there. Overall, great!
Lumia 520 is one of the best buy under 10k .I have used it for about 5 months Pros - 1-Nice Build Quality 2-Best Camera for outdoor pics(in sunlight) and close shots(macro) are stunning in daylight and clicks average pics indoor in artificial light. 3-Nice Call Quality 4-No lag. 5-Best Hardware at this price. 6- Nice display with nice viewing angles. The Hardware on this phone is best but problem is of software(windows phone 8 ) using black update. Cons- 1-It lacks basic functionality. like there is common volume for media as well as ringtones. 2-whatsapp is no way near to android sharing videos is headache. To share videos- put the videos in saved pictures folder inside pictures folder in your Sd card.now open a contacts whatsapp and click attach and click albums and now go to saved pictures and click the video to be shared but video size should be below 16 mb. Mp3 cant be shared. 3-Sharing via bluetooth is a problem To share videos- follow same instructions as whatsapp but the size can be larger . you cant share multiple videos and mp3 at once. yes pictures can be shared collectively. 4-Downloaded music and videos via UC browser get stored on phone storage not on sd card,yes but the can be exported one by one not collectively 5-app size is also larger in windows phone 8. 6-asphalt 8 is now free its app size is 820 mb and after installing its becomes of 1.4 GB but before installation it requires 2.6 gb free space so you need to remove most of the apps. 7-this os does not have toggles so you need to search and turn on basics like wifi bluetooth ,etc. ya some shortcuts can be made on home screen but it requires you to search on home screen and does not give freedom like android . 8-mostly 3rd party apps are not allowed in windows phone 8 ,you have to use only what is provide like IE. 8-Casual Games like temple run 2 and subway surfers are not available till now (10-2-2014) on 512mb ram devices but are available for 1gb ram devices .In android even a 7k or 8k mobile could run temple run 2 and subway surfers smoothly then why cant lumia 520,620 etc which can run asphalt 8 easily. 9-app store is far behind android and IOS. 10-less customization on comparing to android . 11-battery apps live tile refresh after 30 minutes . Nokia and Microsoft should concentrate on development of app store not camera of phones
Lumia 520 is the best smartphone very Fast & Friendly Windowsphone OS better than Android.Camera Quality is good, nice cool look of Lumia 520. touch is super-sensitive,Battery Backup is far Better than Android Phones but apps quantity are low in Windowsphone Store Slowly Microsoft Increasing the Apps quantity but all types of important apps are available in store you want to see in Smartphone. Am fully satisfied with this phone 5 star for this phone and also for flipkart service. Brothers and Sisters Go for it don't think about less quantity of apps in windowsphone.All types of usable Apps are available in windowsphone.
Flipkart as usual was quick in delivering its good. Itz the best phone with everything under 8k After 6 months I found only 2 problems 1) My lockscreen stops functioning once in every month and I have to run to the Nokia Store and get it repaired (Now its free as my cell in under warranty and thus it gives me hiccups thinking what after warranty period gets over coz after that each tym it will cost me Rs 500. 2) While on a call my phone hangs sometimes. Actually it doesnt hang the touch and the buttons doesnt work... but you can clearly see incoming calls and messages. but can pick up the call as the touch stops working. So I have to switch off my phone each time!!
one word...."excellent"......for this windows phone because its processing speed is great as compare to android phone...
yellow back shell looking good n durable ,THIS IS NOT A PAPER TIGER like xolo n mm(battery drains too fast , if we stands under clear sky in complete open area too GPS sucks searching searching searching, even sam duos , duos 2(slow mobiles) 520 gives sure 7h WiFi/3g continuous battery backup , i got GPS signal indoor very small room in less than 3seconds windows have few back drops n surprises too much problem with win store its not showing installed apps and its updates too , but over all OS performance is very good works fast , WiFi mapping screen shots good
I bought Nokia Lumia 520 for my wife through Flipkart. I was so satisfied with this product especially at the price that I ordered same product for myself. Excellent product by Nokia and super excellent service by Flipkart.
very good product again from nokia and ery good delivery by flipcart...........thankyou flip cart I am using this nokia lumia 520 since last 5 days and overall very good phone and camera quality in this range...................................
I booked it on saturday and got in on sunday with In a Day delivery option. The product is worth for the money u pay.
good phone. good clarity. best budget smartphone ever. highly recommended. till date its working like a charm.
Lumia 520 is 10 times better in build quality, screen display, sound and user experience than any Samsung/Android phone in this price range. I am very happy with my buy. thanks Nokia for offering such a nice phone in this price range,
atfirst flipkart.... awsomeee service as usual. now abt Lumia 520.. My Godd what can i say...!!! still i dont know why people are still looking for others operating system. Authenticity, Reliabilty and The best service all are served together via Nokia. I became tired after downloading the most rated and popular apps for "free",... there are some others apps too... Still some people say there is not much apps as those phones. Please guys dont think. just click it and buy it.
This is the best deal for a branded phone. All Samsung android phones lag under Rs. 8000 range. Other brands have poor after sales service or use cheap components. Only Nokia gives Qualcomm Dual core 1 Ghz processor. 512 Ram is enough for normal operations in WP8. Best 5 MP camera you can get in this budget. LED flash and front camera is too much to ask in such a budget phone. Nokia Music rocks. Almost all songs are there for free download and are legal downloads. Interface is fluid and does not lag like android in 512 ram.
good The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that you have purchased this product on flipkart.com. You can disable this badge on your profile page
I loved the way it was packed. Also the Phone features were as specified. As all know Flipkart you Rock...
I bought this for my Father for New Year gift.He liked the Color and design But he is Not happy with user interface ,Now he is using only for attending call .
NOKIA (MICROSOFT) IS AWESOME its been almost 10 or 11 months now (bought it in april 2013) GOOD STUFF It is still as flaw less as it has been since day 1. Guess what if android has 10 million apps on the store,windows has got at least a MILLION USEFUL APPS and still counting (and after all u cant install even a 10000 apps in the device{not even 1% of app store runs on WINDOWS 8(no lags ,no crashes unlike android) BATTER LIFE'S DECENT STUFF TO THINK ABOUT surely needs a screen guard (not provided in pack)but if 525 has gorilla glass it would be a hit even with the same specs. would have liked a flash on if(maybe asking too much for a phone lesser than 10 K but some people can say otherwise) 512 MB RAM(with 1GB i could run almost any game eg .FIFA 14(without lags)) IF U R WILLING SPEND A EXTRA BUCK GO FOR 525 BUT NOKIA LUMIA 520 IS A AWESOME PHONE
THANK YOU FLIPKART FOR GIVING ME THIS PHONE AT A VERY LOW PRICE. THIS IS REALLY A SMALL COMPUTER IN MY HAND...
yet this phone is awesome, everything like Camera, Processor HD recording, well games run Smoothly, Prons: According to me, everything this phone consists is its PRONS Cons: few Cons but hese can be ignored, whis is its apps --> few most commonly used apps are paid like bitsrips, app lock, flv and mkv players, such as VLC player is paid , its disappointing. its true due to these cons this is one and only budget smarty , happy shopping flipkarters ;)
Its been more than a month that I purchased NOKIA 520 lumia....I am satisfied by its features to the core. Its a low budget cell phone with great apps... Only the camera sometimes seems like a compromise, but the clicks are decent ones...
This phone is total value for money when it comes to User Experience. The windows OS is smooth, sharp, keyboard and menu features give a premium look and the phone is totally gorgeous. Despite of the low RAM if this phone ever gets into a processing bug it automatically kills the tasks and returns to the main menu, no HANGING. The CAMERA Is amazing at this price range without Flash. I took pictures of a wedding recently and there looked great. Touch is sensitive and trust me under 10000 it is better than any Android device from Samsung, HTC, LG, Sony. Chinese brand loyalists please be aware they have pathetic after sales service, so I always avoid.
Value for money phone from Nokia. Despite being an ardent Android phone, I got this for my dad and he loves the simplicity and UI of Windows 8.
from last week i brought this phone......nokia lumia 520 with 5mp camera ........wow every thing works awesome.....from hd recording to wifi.....it really works cool......cant get more than this.......at a price of under 10k........with windows 8....thanks to flipkart
its the best mobile you can get in 9k. no hanging issues, flawless operations, bright screen n goes on. no other brand offers you great deal as lumia 520. Competitive mobiles aren't worth. No that we have 525 in market, one can go for that.. those who arent high end gamers can still stick to 520.
i got this phone 4 months back and since then i'm very satisfied with its quality. camera as if 5 mp is quite great. editing apps very awesome.can record videos inc 720p. if u have never used android then this is not the phone you r looking for. if u have used android and don't want many games and apps just the limited one that are basically required for daily use the this is a great phone u will never find any lags or something. only problem is its weak supporting windows app store. else every thing is great.
it is a nice wp. i suggest peple to buy it as u r getting a WP at a low price with awesome specification
I have purchased nokia lumia 520. its awesome phone. i like to purchase phone from flip kart as its very convenient and has lowest prices of all.
Before buying Nokia Lumia 520, I made survey for all the handset made by other branded companies. The speed, feel, user interface, touch, internet speed etc etc. of Noika Lumia 520 is "Far Far Far Far Superior" compared to any other set. I don't know why people are unhappy & give wrong news spread among people about Nokia Lumia. But the "FACT" is that, once somebody uses Nokia Lumia, he will never ever leave Nokia Lumia Set. I would recommend anybody in India to simply (blindly) go ahead with Nokia Lumia sets. Do not think much while buying Nokia Lumia sets. SIMPLY GO AHEAD. Basic difference between Android & Windows 8 phone: Android gets hanged every time during the usage & frustrates us. Windows never ever gets hanged. Within next one year, I feel that, Windows 8 will surely overtake Android. Just keep observing, it will happen.... After I purchased Nokia Lumia, at least 7 of my relatives/friends/collegues have changed their sets & gone for Lumia. The count is increasing everyday.....& will increase like anything in near future. I have a Big Salute for Windows 8 Nokia Lumia set........
About 30% of Windows 8 Phones sold in the world are Lumia 520s. That's enough said about this budget friendly Windows 8 Phone. Pros: * Decent Dual Core Processor clocked at 1GHz. * Good quality for a 5MP camera. * Adreno 305 GPU lets you play some decent games and plays FullHD videos without a sweat. * Camera Shutter Button. * You get the same UI as the premier models like Lumia 920. At this price point, it's harsh to talk about the cons but I'm going to list them anyway. Cons: * Only 395MB of RAM, though they market it as 512MB. * No Flash for the Camera. * No Secondary Camera. * Low sunlight visibility. * The Capacitive buttons are not backlit. * The headset you get in the box is awful. You might wanna get some other one. I use my Samsung Galaxy series earphones. The headset works fine and the media controller is compatible with Nokia Lumia. Verdict : This phone is worth every penny you pay for it.
overall the phone is very fast[512mb ram] the cam is truly awesome and all the useful apps that can be downloaded for it .now many people say comp has windows so why windo phone.wat"s the god damn prob . dude i am 13 .it charges fully in less than an hour and can stay till 12 hour ful useage and the touch is so sensitive .games and apps are not so much but all nesscary ones are there .the live tiles are so gud i love them and belive me it never hangs i lovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvve the 520 . last but not the least it has a small but loud speaker overall if uwant it take it u wont regret
i won't add much here since there a lot of reviews which go into great depths. I have been using this phone for 3 months now and I have no issues at all. This is a great phone with a very good interface, smooth functioning and despite of what I have heard, a lot of good apps are easily available. 2 thumbs up, probably the best value for money for a non-Indian manufacturer.
Does the Lumia have a crappy app store? Yes Does the Lumia have a crappy camera? Yes Is the Nokia Lumia 520 a crappy phone? NO First things first, Windows means less apps, a great touchscreen, by far the simplest interface, with huge fairly 'customizable' icons.And for the people who don't understand it, having a 512 RAM is not the end of the world, it depends on your OS and 512 is more than enough for a lumia. An internal memory of 4.72 GB available after the OS eats up space, is pretty cool.Considering the total downloadable apps are few.Its got its own SkyDrive cloud sync, so space management is not a problem.Maneuverability and seamless cross platform sharing is a bit of a bore if you are used to Android. Touch response is the best in its class and battery lasts a full 2 days with moderate use.Better than any other touchscreen.Screen size is exactly what one would want, a right fit in the hand it feels. Overall, its one of the most worst phone with respect to apps and cross platform sync and sharing.BUT, easily the best phone under 8000 rupees.I'd say go for it, you will not repent. And as always, Flipkart is the best.Got the delivery in a day, and an awesome tracking system in place.
After been stuck with same OS from S2 to Note3, I wanted a change, to give a shot only at 7800/- I got this.. Performance is very good touch is responsive. After using Apple and samsung this is entirely different experience. OS is surprisingly very easy and nice
Best phone i had ever used. as it is faster with 3G connection good applications, easier way of stay connected with your gmail & hotmail. Also very faster and superior delivery by flipkart. I got this phone in offers with big & big discount, Thanks for flipkart. Love to shop with flipkart.
I aint a gadget freak,but i found this phone well enough for me.all the useful apps are supported.battery needs to be charged often when 3G is enabled.slim,smooth and sexy. Dnt expect high end games. best phone at this price.
A tip for saving battery life. One of my friends has this phone. Go to settings and see if bluetooth and location tracking is on, and if its on then turn it off if you dont use these features. Also see if you dont use any other features and try to turn them off.
Its true...I have used lots of mobile phones....but this one is superb..feature wise it is a reach phone ...touch is better than high end mobiles
value for money deal at Rs 7100 .It has almost all the features which are available in a smartphone costing more than 15000.There is no reason why one should buy them.
today i received my mobile...it just fab...touch is superb n what to say about camera just go for this mobile...value for money awesome awesome awesome
It s a really good phone. I am using it since 4 months and faced no issues till date. Those who want to give a try to windows phone can go ahead. A normal smart phone for everyday use. :)
I am not going to say about the features of the phone...so many had already written. Since the Giant has taken NOKIA... dear now it' s time to switch it to Lumia. It's keep on improving products, giving awesome updates and its market place (software and games) are booming. Sorry to say that after Steave Jobs, APPLE started copying other manufactures. So go for any Lumia Phone is advised. Based on your budget and requirements.
smart phone with lot of features at very reasonable price.Flipkart delivered the product in my hometown very safely.
Nice Touch, Great Camera, Very Nice Battery Backup Great Cost, Very Happy to Buy This. Nice Service by Flipkart as usual with Delivery.
Nothing to say... If any one denied to process the transaction, kindly ignore that. Its really awesome doing business with FLIP CART. Thank you all.
The phone has everything that sud have in a entry level smart phone except flash. The low light images are very bad. Through the windows phone OS looks gud but it lacks a lot of functions as compared to android. for example IN Email section you can not attach any file only photos are allowed.
I bought this for my mother for New Year, as I read Windows Phone is the easiest OS for Senior Citizens to learn. I'm a heavy Android user and I can say this is simply the best Windows Phone one can purchase for the price range. Nokia has nailed it. I underestimated Windows Phone 8 & Nokia's current technology. Guess what, I'm actually thinking of getting one for myself. For now, I envy my mother.
I got this as a replacment to broken lumia 620. value for money decent on office mails and picture quality. Nokia hardware is good.
great value for the money... windows phone is the best... all apps are great... very good for internet browsing and sharing... camera is good...
Very economical nice , useful product.It has everything useful except front camera. But apart, from it, it is a very nice product.
For this price range I'd say its a good phone. It has a good battery backup(compared to other smart phones), inbuilt apps are there which doesn't consume much juice. So far it has hanged once and I have not noticed any lagging. Camera is also good. In fact it took better pictures than my Xperia Z(Some documents that I wanted to scan) A flash for the camera would have been great. Wifi works as a charm(Shame on my Xperai Z BTW) Yes, applications for windows are far less compared to Android so if you're looking for a phone that has a large number of available applications please go for an Android phone.
very nice mobile operating esay, features very good and blutooth sharing only windows mobiles to windows camera quality is very nice, windows mobiles is best opertunity direct you tube download in hd .........these mobile best for me
I recommend Nokia Lumia 520 Best phone for such a low price Best phone for beginners (Windows) Poor for gaming purposes but quiet good for such fair price hats off XD
I bought this phone through Flipkart. Once again the perfect delivery. This is the best class in entry level windows phone. My overall experience with this phone is good and value for money too!!!
its built quality is very good , camera is also good , better than all other android phones in this range
Using this phone for past couple of weeks. Worth for money to buy this product. Display is good and picture qualities are awesome. Dont have the comcorder or video options its a major drawback one who buy 8K product on his mobile. Performance and battery-backup is good.
Lumia 520 has all the features that I expected. I was only worried about the battery performance because it has only 1430 mAh. But it works fine. I've tested it numerous time. We can listen more than 55 hours music on fully charged battery. Sometimes, it discharges very fast. But there's no need to worry. Just restart the phone and it'll solve the problem. I've purchased it at Rs. 7599 in dec. So, it is the best smartphone at this price.
Less configuration. High performance. No lagging. Apps demand. If you decide to jump on smartphone you can choose windows mobiles like lumia 520. If you already used android phones then dont go for this. Simply good.
I am using this product from last 2+ month. Performance wise it is really good, but switches are very week, its easily gets broken and Nokia will not cover this in warranty. They will consider as a physical damage and you need to pay around Rs. 500-600 for switches. Touch, processing speed, battery every thing is really good.
Got this phone for my parents. They have always shied or found it hard to use email/chat applications in laptop and in android based phones. But they loved this phone primarily as it was from Nokia(which they trust for build quality) and then metroUI live tile. With large tiles, they could easily choose the app they want and with live update they could instantly find what had happened. As far as apps are concerned most of the apps that we'll commonly use are already available in windows store. And i could find all that was needed, skype, whatsapp,FB and popular games. Am happy that i could stay connected with them now and they have gone online/mobile :)
This is one of the best budget phones available in the market. With the price offer from Flipkart that is unbeatable, it's a steal not just a deal. Windows 8 is superb. Go for it. You will not regret your choice.
Excellent product worth the price. Little bit confusing for first time users and those who have switched from an android to windows. But in due course you will start loving it. No hanging or lags.
this phone is the best buy at this cost. my budget was 7.5-10k and i chose this one because 1)samsung phones at this range are smart phones for namesake 2)i have to compromise brand and quality if i go for others best choice at this cost
Its looks is great. Though it doesn't have flash but the pics are of very good quality. No need to worry about the 512mb ram. It works great. Unlike its ancestor it support external memory card, giving u a great plus point. The back cover can be change easily and you can find the back covers easily. Change its back cover of different color and theme(in the setting) and feel like a brand new. Now no need of any other software(zune) to exchange file with your mobile. Just connect with your pc and you can easily transfer any data. just close your eyes and buy it and i bet u you will love it.
It's entry-level phone with good specs, Although now I prefer to buy Lumia 525 which is the successor of this and equipped with 1GB of RAM. Nokia's music service and its proprietary apps such as HERE Maps, Drive+ and Pro Camera are the key of Lumia phones. And, no need to say about Flipkart, they are far ahead of its rivals after sales support and services. Flipkart earns 5-star again, while the budget phone scores 3 stars.
considering the price, it's the best phone you can get. pros. 1. its fast(dual core) 2. good look(multiple back cover colors available) 3.big screen( with a good ppi though not best but its just 7.5k which is amazing compared to other phones in price range) 4. temple run is there along with other important apps i mean you get almost everything and not crap. cons. 1.auto rotation setting isn't available yet(but update will come soon) 2. screen is not clear black(you can get other lumias for that with some extra bucks) yes, do get a nice screen guard i dont know but i really dont trust the screen its the lowest end lumia phone after all. well its the best choice i could think of after a lot of research and got it for my sister.
Best Windows Phone and great in terms of resolution for the price we pay. But generally some basic features missing in Windows Phone but still we can live without them. Apart from this it's a great Phone. Flipkart service is amazing! !
On the time delivery. And I loved Nokia Lumia 520. Best mobile in this price. Camera is so good . Ear phones are not recommendable though. But one can ignore this, as this mobile device provides you so many features.
At first look, this mobile seemed sleek, maybe even too small and it even felt flimsy. But a simple silicon case could give it the grip and the bulkiness that it needs. Coming to the features: For a handset in the Rs. 8000 range, the features offered are more than one could expect to hope for. 1. Camera: The camera takes decent pictures under sufficient lighting. Landscape pictures of far off objects like sceneries came out very well. Ideal for the casual quick pic. No secondary camera is present and no LED flash. 2. Processor The 1GHz processor performs flawlessly for most of the apps. Probably while using games for more than an hour or so would cause the system to lag and would need a phone restart. Other apps and internet browsing is performed seamlessly without a single lag. 3. Display The Display is visually stunning and the clarity is superb. However it is not as bright as 625 and is not visible under direct sunlight. The automatic brightness features adjusts the screen brightness suitable for all dark to moderate lighting. HD VIdeos play smoothly without any problems. The inbuilt video player is more than sufficient. Highly prone to fingerprints. Scratchguard advised. 4. Other features The soft keys perform well without any lag. The Bing search softkey on the right is very useful when one wants to search for something. Music Player is decent and so are the speakers, but you cannot create playlists on the mobile itself. It has to be done through the PC. Also another major problem with Windows phones is that you cannot share music files or videos on whatsapp. Videos cannot be sent through Bluetooth also! Barring the few minor drawbacks the phone is an excellent buy, and extremely comfortable to use. I would recommend people to not to look past it because its a Windows Phone, but consider this as a viable option in low-range smartphones.
I was looking for a new phone as my old ericsson gone dead. Android was my choice of OS. But after seeing 520 Lumia with Windows 8 of my friend's, I decided to go on with Windows phone. There are many apps that are free and paid items too...The phone OS gets updates like Windows in a PC. And it gives good battery life too. Super sensitive touch screen and a neat GUI than Android. Thanks again Flipkart!
This phone is extremely sensitive.. The LCD and touchpad broke when I dropped it just 2 days after purchasing :( .. I've used Nokia phones before also and thought these phones are extremely sturdy but this is not one of them! So use carefully.. Otherwise its an extremely good phone..
Its been quite a lot of time since i bought this device, and to be fair, it is quite good. 1.UI: WP8 was completely new to me, and the user interface is very pretty. This phone is a budget friendly phone, and at this price, the UI cannot get any better than it already is. 2.Memory: the 8 GB memory provided in this phone is okay, considering the budget. But, what really was bad was that there is only 512 mb of ram, which isnt enough for a windows phone. 3. apps: There are plenty of apps in windows phone, believe me, but due to the lack of ram, most of the apps like temple run 2, subway surfers, sims freeplay, real racing do not run on this device. Thats a huge issue for the phone. 4. design: I dont really care about the design, but is very good. Its light, compact, and with a matte finish back cover. 5.Nokia music: This phone comes with a one year unlimited subscription of nokia music, which is an AWESOME app for downloading free music of any artist, listening to mixes and playlists over the internet and much more. 6: Camera: this phone has a decent camera, and even without the flash, it clicks pretty good photos. In the end, this phone is for those who listen to music a lot, and dont care about apps. For app hungry people who want wp8 only, you can invest 2K more and buy the lumia 525, which has 1 gb of ram. Peace out!
Its an excellent cellphone.. Specially battery life is outstanding as compared to all android phones.. Also, the delivery via Flipkart is superb..
This is a value for money phone. Pros : 1) Great screen with good resolution. 2) Sleek design 3) Good battery backup (when compared to android) Cons : 1) No front camera. 2) Flash missing in camera 3) Phone gets heated up when using 3G. Thanks, Abhikrant
This product is worth every penny you spend in it.. Just go for it. Great service from Flipkart as well
Cool phone, a great combination of windows and nokia. you can customize the home-screen with different colors everyday, its full of colors. and the main thing is its value for money. The device dosent get overheat in comparison to android devices and the power backup of battery is favorably good...the contacts synchronization is amazingly cool and you can get the updates of the person on facebook, twitter in contacts just on one swipe of screen. overall this product fulfils all the needs for which it was actually made..so 5/5 no doubt.
i was a bit confused when i bought this phone as i have been an android user for past 3 years .. motorola milestone then htc desire z then nexus. after the nexus gave away to a fiery fall i had to buy a replacement while being tight on budget .. i was skeptical as i had never used a windows phone and the feedback from others was also not reassuring. the last nokia product i used was n-8 which is still doing the duty well so i was confident about the product being reliable if not too much useful. to my surprise the phone was delivered the very next day i ordered it fabulous service by flipkart . the phone looks good in hand had the grippy body gives an amazingly sturdy feel. the initial boot took a long time much longer than expect to start the phone and installing those default applications and preparing the youngest brother for its fist show. after that everything was surprisingly snappy he dailer was quick contact and email sync from google took only a moment. the touch is so smooth you instantly fall in love with it. a few days later i had to visit chennai and thought about downloading the maps on the here maps application. i was again surprised by its performance the gps fix takes a very little 5-8 seconds time to get a good fix and the offline navigation is a boon at those roaming charges ... m so satisfied with the product i bought another one for my sister its a great product that does everything a 20k android phone does yet being quicker and snappier
i bought a lumia 520 a few days back extremely satisfied with the product i bought anotherone for my sister .. the phone looks good in hand performs amazingly well .. with all the important applications installed the phone never hangs not even once.. just tap on the home button and ur there in a snap .. its a steal at this price .. the gps is unmatched . there are many ways this phone is much much better than the android . more over windows store has all the necessary applications now watsapp viber office instagram everything works seemless overall ouser experience is much much better than android . highly recommended
i have been using nokia lumia 520 for almost one month. thanks to flipkart for making it available for only rs.7299/-. to my opinion, its the best smart phone in and around this price tag. i am very much pleased with its performance. except a few things;- 1) sometimes, while talking thru this phone sound becomes dull or blurred, no sharpness of sound is there. 2) there is no graphic equalizer. though the sound of the media player is great when listening thru a good head phone (one that is supplied with it is not good at all). IT IS MY REQUEST TO NOKIA AND MICROSOFT TO INCLUDE A GRAPHIC EQUALIZER, EVEN IF WE HAVE TO BUY IT FROM THE APPS STORE! it will make the listening experience of songs even better, if not the the best. 3) we really need a good app to manage our files and folders. thank you.
1. Ultimate Touch 2. Nice 1.5 day backup with normal apps(watsapp, gmail, FB, yahoo) 3. Little Heavy 4. Ultimate Navigation 5. Nice CPU 6. Good 512MB RAM, But till now I haven't feel it's low.
I bought nokia lumia 520 a week back. It is nice and worth for the money which I paid. Good looking, user friendly, good sounding system and nice touch also. Overall it is nice phone. The packing done by the FlipKart was awesome. I got the phone within 3 days of order. Thanks to FlipKart
The Lumia 520 is a great phone in this price with all the application required install in it and latest os. The Internal memory and the processor is awesome. The price in which i bought is awesome and is Rs. 1700 cheaper than the local market
I have been using this phone for the past one month. it's quite awesome. Touch sensitivity is excellent. Gaming is very good. Processor speed & Camera is also good. Drawback: Less battery back up It's getting heat if u play game more than 15 mins
I was actually in a confusion to buy this product and that too online. But its really worth for money in Nokia brand. Eventhough touch, camera quality is more in other high end lumia's, for 8k its really good. for those who like to try windows phone and have to change mobiles often, can give a try..
Nokia Phone with WINDOWS PHONE 8, I using the phone since 2 months, is the best one camera quality good, and photo editor and video recording also good 720p hd recording, am playing all high graphics games in this phone like six guns alphat 7 games are running so smooth din't hang any aplication, go for this mobile you dafinatly sutisfie for this mobile.
Pros Super fast OS Build Quality Battery Backup inter browsing cons Camera Audio in this price range best, i feel happy
Awesome windows phone..except the cord provided, its too short.. Cool phone..... Good light sensor,high sensitive touch and more...
Well this phone is simply worth every single rupee. Best phone in this price segment. 4 inch IPS screen, scratch resistant glass, Windows Phone 8 OS n very nice camera. Great value for money.
PROS: Excellent Phone Excellent Compatibility Excellent Looks Sleek Design Rubber Back Long Battery Life Very Good Craftsmanship Good Delivery One Day Before Expected Delivery Date Super Sensitive Screen Satisfactory Camera (5mp) Good Pre Installed Apps Xbox Gaming Supported CONS: Bad Head Phones Somewhere Complicated Difficult To Understand As Compared To Android OS After All A Good Buy Nd Full Featured Phone
the features of this phone are really good but there are some drawbacks like no front cam, required to connect ms account but even through this is good one because of its various features. This phone is easy to use also.
Must buy this phone I got this at 6989 from flipkart I was really happy from its performance But this phone not for high gaming Cons No flash No front cam
The phone is amazing at the given price range. The screen is quite big and touch is very good, even with the low RAM, the phone has amazing speed.
Great phone to have with good price. I had enjoyed lot. Also i have recommended to some of my friends about the mobile with good deal in flipkart. Hope everyone will enjoy this product.
When I started searching for a new mobile, the criteria I had in mind was - Screen size should be at least 4 Inch - Should be from a reliable brand - Android OS - Less than 10K I realized there is no mobile available in India which would fit it this criteria. I had to either increase my budget to 12K(Samsung core, Xperia M) or settle for Windows OS. After reading the 520 review, I felt Windows OS has got most of the basic apps I would need. So I decided to buy 520. Pros: - 4 Inch screen with 233 ppi - Look and feel of Win OS - Awesome build quality - Camera - Maps: Nokia maps are far better than Android/iOS maps. Cons - Lack Apps in Win OS : If you are android user, you would be disappointed with the lack of apps. Especially, there are not many games available in Windows OS. - No front Camera - No LED for the rear camera : This is a big let down in this mobile. I would definitely recommend this mobile, as Android mobile with similar spec will cost you at least 5K more.
Nice to use.. Very very smooth.. Value for price... Nice camera captures all my favorite moments... So many usefull applications..
Excellent mobile by Nokia lust need to add apps. Comparatively less apps than android. style.... Smoothness... ease.....
I have been using the phone for last 8 months and I am highly satisfied with its performance. In last 8 months i have hardly shutdown the mobile and the device working absolutely fine with no performance lag. Nokia is back with a bang with Lumia series.
I am very much satisfied wit this online transaction, flipkart always best. and always best. flipkart give confidence to purchase more product through online shopping. with good range of product.
Nokia lumia is a rare correct combination of style,reliability and ease. The live tiles make it extremely easy to navigate the phone. It gives us what we crave for most today i.e. connectivity. Staying connected was never this easy yet affordable. Unlike most smartphones that make you feel dumb while using them, features in nokia lumia 520 are easy to learn and smooth to use. The features haven't been piled up just for the sake of filling up the phone but provide actual use. Highly recommended.
good smart phone for this greater lower price..... its much faster and more easy to work with it... and the performing speed is also excellent....
wow very nice phone his features are very good.but his operating system difficult,so what but this phone is good.
I have ordered the phone at December, delivered fast by flipkart. But Since I am roaming all over the world recently I came to use it. Regarding the build quality, NOKIA=NOKIA. Rough and tough. The back Cover is very shiny , wherever you go you can hold it without a slippery fear (I suggest wear a cover, available in flipkart itself). If we forgot to switchoff the wifi option, its tile display tells "wifi is available connect?" at airport it was happening, I Like it..Battery- If constant signal for 3G or Wifi, it last for 20 hours, if roaming or signal dropping on travel battery drain quickly around 10-12 Hrs. Display- IPS, very good one, without blurring or colour burn out. Other software, compatibility and sending/receiving issues are there, Hope it will be fixed and updated. Camera- with Nokia lenses it does what for they invented..nokia cinamagraph super software, to view the picture taken by cinmagraph in PC , Upload them to skydrive, right click and "view original" and you have the animated GIF. Thanks.
Good hardware for the price. Everything works butter smooth except for Nokia Music app (I have 14GB of music, which might be the reason). Good battery back up. Camera is good, the camera apps are pretty cool. Over all good buy.
It is a low budget good windows phone. You will find many more things to explore in this Windows phone. In short it is a good smartphone to buy under 10K and to experience windows feature....
I was ok with a Windows Phone, and gotta say for the price its a great deal. I don't regret this purchase and it is definitely a value for money purchase.
I am completely satisfied with the product. Normally people have a wrong consumption about Lumia phones. 520 is best in that price range..
Windows phone has evolved nicely and the app gap between windows and android has become thin .. Windows phone has no lag compared to android at this price .. Buying from flipkart has been a great experience .. The first device had the backlight leaking issue and they gave me a replacement in one day !! Great customer service ....
Finally I think Microsoft is on to something, Windows 8 OS and them buying Nokia. I have always liked Nokia, they always made great phone. Phone that would just go on and on, even after a hundred falls. But Android, was super fun and I like many others switched. But inevitably the phones would become slower, restarting issue on Samsung, even a slight fall damaging an HTC, I was back wishing Nokia would introduce an android. But some of the problems are related to android itself, what with as may apps as stars in the sky, and bad memory management. Windows 8 phone is light, you dont have many apps but you have some great one. Nokia Music Express: My favorite... You can download songs (every songs i have searched except 2 new ones were downloadable) legally for free, no virus or spyware for 6 months on Nokia lumia 520, Its paid after that, but pretty small amount considering the great internet radio and music download feature. Nokia Maps: Turn by Turn navigation.. free for life Book my show, Mapmyindia, NSE, BSE are all free by the way. And awesome price For the ones addicted to apps, the apps market is growing... Cons: Volume button.... If you reduce the volume on when playing a song, the volume does not reduce right away, you have to change the song... the new volume setting takes effect on the new song. When the volume is reduced, its take effect on the whole phone.. so when you set the low volume on your music player, it reduces the volume on your ringer too.
One of the best phone ever used , very much user friendly , no problems faced as in all Android Phones,would suggest all buyers to think seriously about this Mobile
Really awesome mobile,,,, with excellent features like 1 camera resolution 2 look 3 operating system is reliable and easy to use 4 good processing speed .......etc
Lumia520 is the best product of NOKIA..Awesome make!!!!! Good come back by Nokia... Thanks to Flipkart. The service is very quick and outstanding....
A vry Gud product frm Nokia Once again. and also there is various applcns.available to download from windows store nd Games too. Camera Quality-Vry Gud.(No flash) Various camera Functions Like Nokia Glam Me,Smartcam nd many more. Gud internal memory. nice sound wid nd widout earphones. HD 720p Vdo rec. ..... In SHort its a Must Buy Phone in the Range.....
If you're looking for a budget smart-phone, this is the best in the market. In terms of features, it offers quite a lot for the price and performance is really good. Nokia apps like Driver and music subscriptions are add to overall Windows Phone promise.
i got best deal on flipkart and i am regular Bayer of flipkart and delivery system is g8.now about product great budget phone i buy for this for my family member in my circle we are using 5 520 mobile now i am waiting for 525 lumia.g8 window phone i love window operating system.no lag ,no Malabar g8 quality.play 1080p files samuthaly.no phone in this budet range.best phone best operating system best touch.best mobile thanks.i also using 720 also.
I am using lumia 520 and its so nice to say that Nokia has made something different from others. If you want to buy a smartphone in your budget, then should go for lumia 520. Its a nice phone although charging of battery daily, there is no flashlight in it. But I must say touch of phone is better than HTC, samsung. So buy this if you are looking for budget smartphone.
Am fully satisfied with the product. This is an awesome product in this range. Given the cost it obviously comes with a few limitations which i knew even before purchase 1. No front camera 2. Single processor I have not had any problems with the processor yet, its able to handle multiple applications pretty well. The windows 8 interface is really a delight. It allows you to modify your home page as desired. The screen is a finger print magnet which is expected because its Gorilla glass, a matte screen guard can solve that problem.
Nokia Lumia 520 loaded with Windows 8(upgradable to windows 8.1) is perhaps the best budget phone you get in the market. Loaded with a 1 GHZ dual core snapdragon processor tasks are accomplished within seconds and with its HD display gaming/ watching movies/videos is pretty much fun. So if you'r thinking of buying a phone and you'r budget is around 9k or so, my advise to you would bbe to go for Nokia Lumia 520 without having any second thoughts in mind.
very nice product overall...only problem is internet connectivity is bit slow. Before u purchase take a consideration that it does not have a flash
i am using nokia lumia 520 , it is worth wile for me.. i got the bestest deal from flipkart and product was amazing ... thumsup fpr nokia , window and flipkart... i love this.. must use nokia ...
Dual core processor and HD video recording with less price ever in the history. 4 inch touch screen with high sun light readability and glove friendly touchscreen technology. This is great for this price.
This phone is for anyone who wants an excellent smart phone under 10K. A big display and great camera are just two of the many good features this phone has.
It's been over 1 month and few days since I got myself Nokia Lumia 520. It's an Excellent device, also the Windows Phone OS is quite good. The device performs well and the OS interface is minimalist and fluid. Apps, well there are plenty of apps and many more coming in, make sure you check wpcentral daily, great source to get the most out of your windows phone deice. Just to repeat myself, this is an Excellent device. I am a satisfied customer.
I bought this phone at 8099 . Great phone , great features , affordable price ...... You cannot get a better phone at this price .
Received the product after 4 days of the order at Rs. 6999. The features are really very good. The touch is Marvelous and the overall experience is really very good. Highly recommend the product.
Every thing seems fine with respect to the Budget... Sometimes the backside is becoming hot Battery is certainly the worst part... Camera is not good as well.. Still a good phone in such price
I have been using Nokia Lumia 520 since 20days ,and have to say it the best product for the price it is offered .i will recommend this product to people who are looking for a smartphone experience with in the budget of 9k . And if you are already a android user and have built your universe around the Google products ,then u will feel lack of the versatile nature of android and availability of apps. with windows phone 8 you have limited apps ,but basic apps such as whatsapp. FB, Twitter, viber, and linkedIn are available for free for those social network aficionado. When it comes to great hard and glitch free useability, there is no question Nokia Lumia 520 is the best product for the give price .
A diehard fan of Nokia to the core, I was disappointed with their offerings in years 2007-2012. Always loved the built and feel of Nokia products. When Nokia announed Lumia 920 amd 820 at above 30k and 27k respectively, I was a bit disappointed as I am a firm believer in technology upgradation but at right price. I know that the value of these high end products will come down and hence the maximum I wanna spend is 10k and thats when 520 was announced. Grabbed with both hands in April 2013 and never turned back. The performance is out of league I can say and the best at its price range.I became addictive to the phone and enjoying every moment.
Nice phone. Good speed of internet. Very smooth touch. Supported all necessary applications. Worth buying. Good value for money. Sometimes it hangs, & didn't support well But on an average its fine.
I would suggest this phone with eyes closed rather than any 6-10k micromax or karbon phone. I have been an Android user but the experience this phone delivers at this price range is unbeatable by any android phone out there.
Awesome product... Very satisfied with the user interface and performance of the device.........................
Have been using it from past 3 - 4 months. It is good but battery drains quickly and also phone gets hanged some times.
I got hold of a lumia 520 when prices were slashed to 6999 , and this is one hell of a great buy, flipkart as usual provided a great service . Product has the usual nokia sturdiness with the elegant metro UI
Great Experience with Nokia Lumia 520. First time user of Windows phone. 20 days over with this new phone and yet to find a problem except downloading the contacts from my old phone.
Windows Phone , good Looking , good touch screen, good speed , value for money. good brand . I purchased from Flipkart , no tention easy to order and tracking, Speedy dispatch.I am a regular customer of Flipkart.
I got Lumia 520 from flipkart during the google online sale festival. I'm not a techie and hence my review will be in a layman's language. I was using Samsung galaxy S before this and I would say Windows 8 is far better than Android. Apps provided by nokia are very good and the windows market too has good number of apps now. You can find all important and necessary apps from the market. I'm not a gamer and hence I don't have any say on gaming. Music player is good and the best of Windows 8 is the Nokia mix radio. Would take time for you to adjust to windows way of working. Camera is good not the best. Now the negatives of the phone. Power button seems to be shaky and I fear if it would worn out soon. Processor responds slowly at times. Hangouts unavailability is a big let down for me. The best phone available in the market for the price range is Lumia 520. I'm sure about it.
value for money mobile. Bought this for my wife and she is happy for this one. no other mobile gives so many features at this price as this one does.
Its my first smartphone and I am loving it. Very smooth experience. Whatsapp and other application run smoothly. I am a movie freak and it runs movie better than many pmp3 player in the market. Audio quality in music is excellent but just a margin behind a quality mp3. However, you must right away throw the earphone provided with this phone. Buy a quality earphone I suggest Creative EP-630 earphone which enhances sound quality manyfold. The only drawback is it has no flash which means dim photos. I don`t play games so I cant review about it.
After considering and worthwhile analysis i came to the millon dollar answer to purchase this phone, and after using the same i must say that its a amazing and fun oriented phone in just 7550. Every thing is working fine and smoothly thanks flipkart and nokia for delivering and making the Lumia 520.
I bought this phone for my dad, and found this very impressive. Pros: - value for money - good battery life - camera (though there is no flashlight) Cons: - no flashlight
Product from Nokia, a very good phone with required features, good battery backup. Value for money. Delivered as per promised date. Very good rate as compared to open market.
Dear Frnds, I would like to inform you that flipkart had done a great service. On time delivery and 100% authentic product. Nokia Lumia 520- Awesumm product- Good Camera, High Resolution, Good Screen touch and Many more. I really loved this product. Guys u can go for this product through Flipkart..
Lumia 520 is a Good. Considering its rate, it offers a lot than other phone. What i Liked - 1. Design - Looks & Feel so classy 2. Good Music System 3. Fast processor and awsome surfing experience (With 3G data plan) 4. Covers all the basic Apps which is required on adaily basis. (No need crib on Google PLay) 5. Here Maps is fast and accurate 6. Light in weight. good and nice experience with lumia 520 .. Thanks to Flipkart !!!
good phone but lack of file explorer sucks stylish **** no hanging problem for gaming -- no general purpose ****
You can't have other best option than this Pros- Superb Camera Hd Video recording Have all social app like- whats app, we chat, line, hike Game- Angry bird, Temple Run 8GB Internal memory Expandable Good Battery Life
The best budget phone in market against android rivals. The phone is very fast and simple, easy to use. All my apps are in Windows store for free.
I had brought an Android phone before I got this one for my wife.This is a fabulous phone in all respects except its camera. The features of Windows OS and Office are amazing which Android phone lacks I am tempted to keep both the phones for myself and get another one for her...again Nokia Lumia 520. It's value for money!
I got the phone couple of weeks back and I am happy with the performance of this phone ... I recommend this windows phone for those who don't have enough money to shell out...
what a design ! what a fastness ! it can be continued if we go on talking for lumi mobiles especially lumia520 .. being a budget mobile super fast performance it does not disappoint one's expectatioins for a mobile of such a range really one can get impressed by using this windows Phone and can assure this to get rid of lagdroid's
I bought this awesome phone a month before. Explored it thoroughly. Even got the Sandisk 16GB memory card in order to get all my data in the phone. What I experienced will be really helpful for the future buyers or the people who are yet to decide to buy this phone.. You guys have already read the reviews here and might have got some questions in your mind regarding the pros & cons so I am only clarifying those negative remarks about the phone. 1. phone is Slippery My Experience : NOT AT ALL slippery. I can have perfect hold of it. Even you can keep it on a slanted bench and it will not slip... 10/10 2. too big to hold & not so good looking (or cheap) M.E. : Total rubbish. perfectly fits in your hand, looks very cool... infact when I went to buy my SD card in a mobile store each & every person visited there was asking about my phone in curiosity because it really separates you out from those not-so-different android market phones. Even the look is very slick and elegant. 10/10 3. not so many apps compared to android market. M.E. : so here you are using a phone which have 8 GB inbuilt memory (one of a kind within rs. 8000 price range) and 32GB expandable memory. How many of us are going to have around 3 lacs of app installed in our phone... I mean windows store is having around 1 lac s of "secured & tested for performance" apps which really are too much for anybody to start with. No issues at all with the app collection. 4. whats app is not working properly, facebook crashes or not installing at all. M.E. : Look, I never used smartphones earlier and I was never used to these above mentioned apps before on my phone. Still, I was able to download, install and run them in the very first attempt on my Nokia Lumia 520 without any hassles...!! I mean, I was also doubtful after reading such reviews here regarding failure of these apps installations. But even though I bought this phone keeping my faith on Nokia & Microsoft (I always preferred Nokia when it comes to my phone, and Microsoft is top brand.) and guess what those review really were fake to me in the end. I enjoy using these apps in my phone. No issues at all... 5. speaker is at the bottom of the phone causing missed calls M.E. : Yes that's a minor case of neglegance, I would say. When we keep our phone in our top pocket resulting the botoom side of the phone fixed to the closed end of the pocket and hence we don't get to hear the phone ring clearly. Other than that it's fine if you keep it anywhere other than top pocket. LAST. battery is not upto the mark.. M.E. : Agreed. I mean I don't understand why they came up with such a battery in a phone which have tons of entertainment features for gaming, music and business that you can't look to keep it aside for a minute. Of course that requires a powerful battery to support the phone. This battery needs recharge twice a day for me.. and I don't play much games on it. Music (listen & download), email, whatsapp, twitter drain my battery so much that in the night at home and in the afternoon in office hours I have to recharge the battery. But still this should not be a Deal-Breaker for anyone who is getting such a classy phone. Why This Phone..?!! 1. Unique user interface experience. Simply great.. 2. Inbuilt 8 GB phone memory. Quite helpful when you have to download apps & games on your phone.. 3. 3G, Wi-Fi support, blootooth (fastest, I ever experienced). 4. Nokia Music Store. You GOT to have a look at this wonderful feature. Now updated to Nokia Radio Mix. Too good music experience. Free download for next 90 days from Nokia Music Store & collections of song that you like. 5. Price is dropped so much that you would regret this opportunity if you miss it now. A month before I got this phone in Rs. 7899 and now available for Rs. 7564... If you want to experience something new and different than android world this is the phone for you. Even if you don't want to experience something new then also price makes it worth buying it. No regrets at all.. Just go grab it guys..!! Worth every penny..
Excellent Phone with all the minimum required features in windows. Camera quality is very good. Touch Quality is supreme.
Good Phone windows os is new so might take time getting used to touch is good connectivity is good and doesnt have distortion problems a good buy for the given price, though a led flash would have made it even better
The product is good. But it has few limitations as per the use. Like, video files do not open in whats app. The machine automatically switched on when it is put on recharge mode, though it was switched off before charging.
I used the product, its very fast...... value for money. Camera is not that good still ok. I people might bored of using android, you can try with windows. Touch sensitivity is supper... LCD disply
It's a must buy phone under 10,000, best of the best at this price tag.. Buttery smooth touch i'm just fan of touch screen. I'm a regular user of Windows 8 on desktop so OS is very familiar. Pros: * Touch response * Multitasking * Lightweight * Truly Value for money * Attractive color Cons: (compared with it's rival at this price tag) **None But I miss front camera, [I can't complain about it because I'm can't more than this at this price tag]. I would highly recommend this phone for budget user.... Please go for it blindly.
writing this review after using it over a month. touch is excellent camera is good gaming experience is ok internet connectivity is good so if you are thinking about buying a phone under 10k then beleive me it will not gonna disappoint you
Well,a lot of people have written about the technical pros and cons of the mobile.I have been using this product for the past 3 weeks and its super awesome.The touch is very smooth,all the applications are working properly(only temple run lags a bit),awesome interface and a bright display are few of the many catchy points of the phone.The only con that I can think about write now is that it needs an increase in RAM to run . Thanx to flipkart,I received the product in 2 days of time and also availed a great discount.This is the best phone in the 8k range.So,grab it fast !!!!!!!!!!!
If you want to buy a mobile under 10k price range, Nokia Lumia 520 is the best choice, plz dnt go for samsung galaxy s duos which comes more n less in the same price range... Itz a pathetic samsung model, slowest chipset, single core, TFT display, useless camera, very less durability n low quality build, VGA video recording and it runs the lagroid version of android.. Where as Nokia Lumia 520 offers Snapdragon Chipset, 1GHz dual core, IPS LCD Display (Great quality), Superb digital lenses 5MP, 720p(HD) recording, Very strong bulid quality, scratch proof glass, premium looks, never ever lags, Most stable n fluid interface...
Got the phone within 3 days of order confirmation, good service as usual from Flipkart. With regards to the phone, it is a decent phone worth the price though the OS and many apps had to be updated since the phone had older versions. The Pros that I felt are : the grip & feel of the phone, sturdy, good touch response, taking the cover off is very easy, nokia music downloads etc Cons: No file manager, camera is ordinary, no flashlight, apps in windows are difficult to search But for this price, it is worth :D
100% Satisfaction, better than traditional android mobiles... windows phone simply superb. 4 out of 5 because of heat.
Considering the price, the phone is extremely beautiful. The only problem i faced so far is the battery...
If you are looking for a smartphone with limited budget then this is the best to take. Also , its Nokia so quality is there.
I bought this phone a month ago from flipkart. The phone fits in the budget as well as provide great features, I bought this phone specially for syncing mails and internet and the phone provides very fast 3G as well as wifi net speed although depending upon the network availability. The 5MP camera is pretty good, problem of crashing is not as much as in android phone. The battery is of 1430 MAh which if consumed on 3G netwrok goes down fast. Nokia Music provides unlimited download of music, hence say no to piracy, overall a good phone specially for users who wants a decent phone with many premium features at a affordable price. I agree this phone best suits to those who don't want any pirated contents on their phone.
Thanks to flipkart for their superb delivery. It was very fast and the details for tracking shipment and updates via sms and mail were making me more excited. WS Retail is one of the most trusted seller on Flipkart, few people complain that their product was received as if it was already used or was not packed well. Do not go for sellers who have very less rating and try offering at a less price, they turn out to be fraud. Trust only WS Retail. Nokia 520 is a great phone. Windows 8, superb display makes it worth every penny.
Justifies the price of 6989 that was paid for it as part of the GOSF. A good entry point to Windows 8, basic but effective.
And i assure u wnt regret after buying it..Best mobile under 10k range. Blindly go for it !! Perfect smart phone at this price surpassing android phones. Main advantage of tis phone, u won't xperience any lag at any point of time. pros: Excellent UI Superb IPS lcd screen 4" Camera is simply awesome Sound s pretty good 512 mb ram is cool. Cons: Battery backup nt upto the mark.
I bought this phone for my mother, who was using another phone till now. She is very satisfied with the product and even after extended use she is yet to raise a complaint. The UI seems to be appealing to her. As a smartphone power user myself, I would not be satisfied with this phone for daily use, but as a spare phone I would gladly buy it. Flipkart shipping and delivery was impeccable as always.
You cannot find a better mobile for this price. Its been 6 months since I bought this, and its a decent buy. You might not find vast number of apps found for Android, but you can find decent number of apps for daily use in windows store. Also, some games might not be available, but otherwise, its way better than an Android mobile around 12k. Pros : Decent OS and pretty fast response, hung twice in 7 months Nokia Music store Sturdy (I put it down couple of times, case opened p, but no issues with phone) Price Cons : No front Camera No compass
The product was good and but when using with internet the battery lasts for 4-5 hrs of continuous usage,which is ok for the price range . Features of the phone are good
Pros: Solid Build. My kid already threw it many times. Still working well. New user experience (compared to routine android UI) Available now at good price range. Great sound output Cons: No LED for camera. Average quality pictures Longer boot time Can't upgrade to Windows 8.1
Like Lumia 620, Lumia 520 also a very good phone for reasonable price. Very easy to use features like Internet, WiFi and Bluetooth. Camera quality is good!!!
Windows phone. Brilliant build quality. Most Apps in Windows store (you don't buy a phone for apps). The Windows store is expanding as Android did after its launch. Wow Camera. Very responsive touch. Use it and it brings a smile to your face as it makes you feel that you made the better purchase than your peers. They say happiness is priceless but just around 8k - are you seriously kidding me?? Jokes aside, I'm not sure about 720/920/1020/xx20 - they are pricey and you have other (maybe) better options. But 520 is king in its range. I just love it.
Priced to Much Now... Available Outside in 7k Range . Phone is very good ... Paisa vasool Phone ... Flipkart provide some offers with it.Then it vl b worth.
A very good phone at low price. Support all apps except google maps.Touch is awesome.xbox games are fabulous. Nice browser but ie 10 does not support pop ups.
though it doesnt support video transfer and few other software download. but good phone it this range, Worth buying it..
i want this phone at 7k thats my budget please reduce the price at this price point on the eve of christmas
I Bought Lumia 520, Received in Time. Happy to say,thanks to the Buyer.....................................................................
i purchased this phone and i got from flipkart within 2 days, really shopping with Flipkart is a wonderful experience. i am using this phone from last 2 weeks and i am really happy with this with various features available and performance is also too good.
i pick this phone @6999 rs. from flipkart after 2 weeks of use it works good, battery life is awesome... windows os 8 is working GHAZAB ,no lagging, temple run is working well....overall value for money
this is the best phone i have ever used.the touch sensitivity of this is extraordinary and the animations pretty cool. but the only con is lack of led flash light and low ram.
Let's get to the point : 1) for a average joe - this is one good phone with all the required bells and whistles. Touch, speed, interface is good - albiet with a slight lag when doing multi-tasking - camera is not good - screen is good.
great touch screen and classy build.. feels good to hold in hands. smooth UI thanks to the latest windows OS. gets the job done. Only thing that should make one buy other phones in this price range is the choice of android over windows. But I think this windows phone OS works great. provides wholesome feel, seamlessly connecting all many communication platforms like mail, social networking and phone. All essential apps are available. It frees you from minor details so that you can really enjoy whats good. So I think its worth it. I am a happy. This phone is worth the money.
its very nice phone at this price,,,,,, i not even faced any problem ,,, only one think i suggest is use same memorycard from beginning change memorycard cause multiple of files its also not big problem..... just rename............ its really amazing phone.......finally thanks to flipkart service for their packing and delivery of products
This is a value for money product. Working perfectly. The camera is pretty good. But battery can be much better.
abt apps: thr are lot of apps that rqr a smart phone..and many apps are on the way that can we expkt within 2 months abt games: now games are much betr than that of android !!!!(pl check the full rated games in the store and try it ) os: amber update makes the phone fast and bright, and there is no hang,no lag for front screen when evr u click the windows key frm the same instnt u got the front screen without any laging battery:no word.....long lyf...brows intrnt for 4 hour cont. looks:sexy internet speed: vry fast evn in 2g whatsapp:fast & easy, bt can't attach mp3....? it may b its privcy policy bt wot as evr cant attach vdo or mp3 frm ur sd card or intrnl mmry....bt u can send vdo&voice msg? file manager:thr is no nthn...? i am writing this review frm my lumia 520 !!! overall it is awsmmmmm.....
Cannot imagine getting so much for so cheap. The 1 gig processor is awesome a big move over android. The touchscreen is a delight as good maybe netter than the iphone. All in all a phone for people who look for a value for money device which is simple to handle despite being smart.
I was looking for a low-cost touch phone for my wife. She wanted a phone that was simple to use, could withstand some amount of abuse and have a long battery life. Nokia Lumia 520 ticked all those requirements. She was also very particular about having a phone without rounded corners - so that eliminated all the Samsung android phones. My past experience with Nokia has been very positive. The build quality of Nokia Lumia 520 is comparable to many significantly higher priced phones. The touch interface is very sensitive and works even while wearing gloves. The in-built Nokia Maps works without a data connection. The Nokia Music app gives access to a huge library of indian music albums with unlimited downloads. The camera produces reasonably good pictures with vibrant colors although I found the panorama function a bit difficult to use. There is no front camera in this phone but at this price point one can't expect all the goodies. Delivery from flipkart was very prompt and the item came in it original sealed packing with all the accessories.
NOKIA LUMIA 520 - GO FOR IT IF YOU WANT SMRTPHONE OTHER THAN ANDROID. CERTAINLY WINDOWS 8 IS VERY OS WITH FREQUENT OS AND APPS UPDATES.
ordered a couple of these to gift my parents (a white and a black) at discounted prices (together costing INR 16000) I'd say its a lovely product to gift around My mum is enjoying the OS pretty well ... and am talking about someone who barely is able to operate the TV remote the phones were up-to-date with "Amber" version pre-installed the rest of the features are already talked about by many people Highly recommended if you are on a budget less than INR 10000
its a very good phone to use also a great featured phone in its range.i strongly recomended all buyers to buy this phone if they want to access internet in very high speed
Break the myth that the windows phone is very difficult to use. This lumia 520 is a excellent product . The camera is amazing. Processor speed is pretty decent. Clarity is superb. Apart from few drawbacks like the applications are limited and that too main games and very popular applications need a small amount to be paid, the Lumia 520 is an excellent product for money.
Great Product. Very well packed. Fully meets the specifications & what had been advertised. Reasonable priced. Delivery on Time. Flipkart Team, Great Job. keep up to the reputation.
Very good phone for this price. powerful 1ghz Dual core processor with no visible lags. There is a heat issue at the back side & battery will loss in 1 day
Its extremely fast but not much customizable as android. Also whats app and Facebook app don't work properly. But excellent camera features, works like a rocket. Perfect for less app users.
This is an absolutely wonderful phone for the price of 8k, cannot ask for anything better, only disadvantage is the missing flash for the camera & missing front camera, but if you can live with it, go ahead & buy it.
I bought this phone around 1 month back. very much satisfied with the performance ... Pros --- Touch is very smooth.. Sufficient Screen Size.. Slim look.. Camera Quality - good ... Price very genuine .. inbuilt 4 GB memory Cons --- Only I can say -- Camera Flash is not available... but not a big issue.. still gives good photos..
Highly satisfied with the product. Its high sensitivity touch effect with elegant look gives higher satisfaction to work on it round the clock. I really suggest to opt for the product if one has limited budget. Moreover I'd like to say thanks to flipkart.com which gives me thousands of choices with clear description of the products available and higher satisfaction of the product delivery with minimum time and in right hands.
I ordered 2 phones (Nokia Lumia 520), It was super experience to shop with Flipkart. It was my first online delivery and amazingly it was not a simple to make mind but FlipKart changed y mind and I ordered Micro SD card as well, because FlipKart gave me excellent experience to shop online. As per me I will highly give recommendation to my friends and family to use flipkart for nice deals. Keep it up the good job, Thanks FlipKart.
This would be my fourth Nokia device - my previous ones were Nokia 1110, 5230 and C2-03. Barring C2-03, other phones were rock solid in what they do best. And this would be my first "smartphone". I always wanted to get Lumia phones, but it was always out of reach of my budget(more or close to INR 10K). This is the phone closer to what I think want and it's surely did exceed my expectations. The UI is refreshingly different from Android and iPhone and it works like a charm. Couple of downsides - there is no native File explorer app for SD card. Couple of apps available, but they surely suck!! Also it's a prodigious battery drinker. Still exploring the phone!!
thanks Flipkart for such a fast delivery. The packing was awesome..:) 5 stars for the packing. Lumia 520 is cheap and best in its category of smartphone. i suggest if anybody wants to buy a phone around 8000 Rs this is the best phone to buy highly recommended...
Genuine product lowest prise.. gutez you all can buy from flipkart . its realy awsm and the windows phone more bttr thn android reguarding to me..... bt the apps storage capacity r low bt cam is awsm
This is best phone that can be bought under this price. Without any second thought, you can go for it. Thumps up......
The phone (Lumia 520) needs no introduction (courtesy; earlier reviewers). I bought it a week ago and following are my impressions--- Beauty-- 1. Windows 8 2. Resolution and clarity/texture of text (screen) 3. Integration of all aspects of user profiles 4. Intuitive interface 5. Good signal strength Would have been happier to see--- 1. A prolonged battery life 2. A better handy design (tends to slip due its unique designed edges) 3. A focus option in the camera Users wishing to try windows 8 may go for it. The integration in the OS is superb and the built quality too. I am looking forward to using the phone and explore more and then come back again . All the best.
Good phone to buy. super touch screen.. one drawback is camera...... very fast shipping....... overall nice phone to buy....
Mbile was in good condition, well packed, delivered on time.. and price was also good. I recvd this product for 8k . camera is not so good,, without flash. the music player dnt hav Equalizers and we dont find any good player apps online.
Love this phone.. Fast, smooth and fluid... For this price I was sure we couldn't go wrong ... We bought several of them for everyone who was upgrading from a feature phone in our family
this phone is worth every penny..i did not buy this from flipkart but i have been using it for over a month and it is a fantastic phone ... pros-- 1.premium build quality and easy grip makes it extremely nice to hold 2.the built in digital camera is very good which comes with a whole lot of camers apps in the store 3. the touch of the phone is out of the world 4. the sound both in speaker and headphones is awesome ...also it comes installed with nokia mix radio which is probabily the best music player not only this you can download songs from it in just 5 secs 5.there have been lot of myths that windows have very less apps but once you use the OS you will fall in love with it we too have a plenty of games like temple run 1 and 2 ,subway surfers ,hill climb racing , minion rush ,wordament ,where is my water ,angry birds whole series(paid) ,six guns,asphalt 7 & 8 and a lot more 6. there are also a lot of utility apps like whatsapp(video sahring is also possible now),facebook,twitter,INSTAGRAM,skydrivde which is far better than dropbox and google drive,and a whole lot of apps by nokia which make your experience really good 7. the is blazingly fast with the dual core processor.. CONS-- 1. some games like subway surfers and temple run 2 are not available for this phone as they require 1GB of ram....so if u want windows phone + cool games at a low price then you should go for LUMIA 525. 2. there is no flash so no low light photography and no front camera but what more can you wish for at such a handsome price.... 3.plus one more thing i find unusual that nokia failed to add a magnetometer(compass) in the phone due to which we cant use tops apps like here city lens and live sight feature of here maps.... #all in all its an awesome phone also since this phone is working on lumia amber(windows 8 ) its performance is really fast also nokia has revealed that all windows phone running on Lumia Amber are going to get a new update "LUMIA BLACK" which is going to make it more fast.....
Nokia lumia 520 is an amazing piece in all categories at its price point. 1) The phone looks premium and also phone quality is great and the phone runs very smoothly without any hangs even with many games i played. 2) Nokia exclusive apps like nokia music, nokia here maps etc are really added advantage especially because navigation without internet is very much useful and maps are accurate as i have tested. 3) The camera quality is very good in better lighting conditions whereas in low light its just fine. But considering its price point its ok. 4) Almost many of the top apps are available in windows store. 5)Windows OS is very easy and fun to use from day 1...and the tile concept is awesome. 6)The call quality is really extraordinary even in low signal areas. Browsing internet is very fast with 2g also. This is really good. 7)The battery runs for a day in mixed usage. Finally , i am happy to own it and switch to windows from android. Satisfaction guaranteed :)
- Call quality is pretty clear - Auto correction in Text SMS is excellent in Windows Phones (Didn't feel the need for Android swipe feature) - 4" screen size - ideal for a Basic Smart Phone - Sound quality on speakers is loud and clear (Smart Phones generally don't have loud speakers) - Sound quality on headphones is very good (Philips SHS390 headphones gives great bass response) - 5 MP Camera is pretty decent for natural day-light photos (Cons : Doesn't have a Flash) - Nokia Camera Apps (along with SophieLens HD & Camera360) provide a wide range of filters for capturing / editing great pictures - GPS Turn-by-turn Navigation is Excellent in "Here Drive" which supports offline maps too - Region specific Language packs can be installed for Voice commands which works pretty well - Flash Services (Eg: Last Call charge info is now available, which was absent in WP7) - Back cover (cc-3068) can be replaced with a variety of colors (Cyan /Yellow / White / Red / Black) - Build quality is excellent - Battery lasts as in most Smart Phones (if you turn-off Bluetooth and turn-off "Connect with XBox" when not in use, it seems to significantly improve battery performance) All in all a great Smartphone for this price. Only features you would miss are the Flash and Compass which are absent in this Phone
Nice for a price like this , you wont get a phone that doesn't lag at this price , i guess its Nokia only phone that is selling till date
Best windows phone at very affordable price , Very thin/slick,responsive touch,powerful processor considering to this price range , overall good experience . Cons - No Flashlight,Poor Camera quality , Cannot turn off Auto rotation, No backlight for capacitive buttons, No equalizer (Hope to get that in next update). I recommend this phone if you are low on budget, But if you have few more bucks i suggest to buy Lumia 620 .
nokia back with a good budget windows phone. 1)8 GB internal memory-4 GB user free 2)5 MP camera...OK with the performance 3)touch-excellent 4)processor - awesome 5)apps-all necessary apps available... 6)good service by flipkart 7)games-perfect clarity...no lag... overall guys within 7k its more than an android. I've used HTC explorer which has internal storage problem and also screen size is 3.2 inches whereas here ull get 4 inch
on time delivery. i always wanted to check windows phone. at this price its great phone to get your hands on windows phone. pros: good ui. great specs at this price. better than any android phone in this range cons : no flash
Its been really very cool to handle this phone, for 6999 the touch is been awesome feel. The easy UI allows any one to do any task in a week of usage, Its really madness to compare windows OS with android like os, As per me the win 8.1 update will easily surpas android. Also windows have to take steps to cover indian manufactures like micromax, carbon and XOLO to survive in big indian market. Am enjoying each and every moment with my nokia lumia 520
The set is nice looking, very attractive due to the live windows & user friendly. Camera quality is good. Battery back-up is not so good & the set get heated when you use multitask, specially during gaming. Overall performance - Satisfactory.
Amazingly speedy delivery service and excellent customer service by flipkart !!My ordered product was delivered before time and when I reported issues with the product it was immediately replaced without any hassle.
It is so good very fast and comfortable hand set. It has full hd playback.and 720p video recording.the camera is so good for this budget.And also we can install plenty of apps from store.network also good. But their is a small disappoint in battery backup. Other wise it is a good smart phone for this low budget
First thought , will I get hang issues with 512RAM but I will tell you its awesome . Though it is bottom line of WP8 nokia Series far better than any android phones costing > 15k < 20k phones . I liked it and I would upgrade to WP later when Microsoft takes over Nokia !!!!
Got to say that this windows product is simply superb at its price and design and its feature. The only thing which it lacks is to say that it does not have flash. Never mind a well made phone by NOKIA.
If you are looking for a smartphone under 10000rs, buy this one without a doubt. u will always cherish the true experience of a smartphone. not a single product near 11000rs is comparable with this beautiful device. And talking about the OS it's no less than any android in the market. GO FOR IT.
Writing this short review after 2 months of purchase through flipcart. Pros: Price..got it at 7900, now even cheaper Latest OS win 8.1 Beautiful UI and Live tiles Shandaar touch exp. Complete new fresh feel after using android for 2 yrs. All games runs smoothly even at 512 mb of Ram. Cons though very less: Found issue in video recording. Video frames skips while playing recorded video. Missing audio equalizer but may be going to be added in coming updates. Thanks
I am very happy about the purchase and it is really worth the money. The music collection is super. Very light mobile to carry.
The Only con I found is that the phone restarts at times by itself. This issue is not only with my phone but few frnds who have purchased it are facing the same.
Lumia 520 ticks all the essential features you require on a smartphone. I am not very fond of windows due to its performance on PC still the phone does everything i ask it to perform. The build quality of the phone is extremely good and the back cover feels like satin. Although the in ear headphone lacks the call receive button the sound output is decent. Try the 520 over any android phone below 15,000 i am sure you would love its performance sans the compass and others which you hardly use. For a rough daily use phone its fantastic to say the least. Note - It has all the required essential apps in the Windows store. Other than that with a decent internet connection you can download songs also.
Thinner than expected nd Camera does a good job. · · Highly responsive touch. · Games never hang · Offline maps with Nokia works smoothly · Nokia music lets you download all latest and old songs direct to the phone. Even regional language songs. · Full MS office suit
The phone is just awesome. I have used an iPhone 3gs but I personally like the Windows Phone 8 OS much better than iOS and Android. The touch is very good. Screen clarity is very good. White color looks best. No lag in any of the apps that i have tried. Totally a lag free phone. Battery easily lasts a day and sometimes more. Played many games and have been enjoying them thoroughly. Phone calls are crisp and clear. Phone looks very elegant in white color. One flaw i noticed was that the camera button doesnt work properly. Phone camera is okay. Packaging from Flipkart was awesome .. as always !!
Nice Budget Windows Phone!!!! Flipkart Services is an Awesome.....Go For This Phone Rather then crap samsung androids....
This is a no-nonsense entry level smart phone. Great value for money. I use it for email, contacts management, facebook, maps etc.
I love nokia omg its better than android device its has more function and more apps i love u nokia.....
every time flipkart service rocks.........delivered in twodays.......in festive season also...................................................
Pros and Cons have been clearly mentioned by other reviewers. Wont get into that detail. Just a short note on the price and shipping of this product:- I had been monitoring the price of the product since 10 days before ordering it. It varied from 8249 to 6999. It was changing in a span of every 4 hours. I got it at the cheapest price although. Also, dont go for "in-a-day" delivery. Even though you pay extra Rs.90 , after payment and order process, they will immediately send a mail and message stating that we cannot deliver in a day. It will take a week. and then give you flipkart coupons worth Rs. 90 back(I xpected cashback) But overall my product was damage free and I am pretty happy with the phone.
Had been wanting to buy a Windows phone for a long time. But couldn't risk putting in my money and moving from android. Yes. Finally, I took a plunge and bought it during GOSF. MRP was 6999 plus additional 10% cashback on AMEX. What a sweet deal. One thing I could not understand is the price fluctuation every minute. I once added it to the cart and it was gone in a sec. Then suddenly price changed to 8000+. Waited for a while and it was back to 6999. Great. Have been using it for a week now. A good start I must say. It is just an entry level phone good for 2 categories of people - a) who want to upgrade from feature phone to smartphone without burning a hole in your pocket and at the same time enjoy Nokia's build quality, which is definitely better than others. b) who want to try a windows phone. Pros: - cost - build quality - decent camera without flash - refreshing look Cons: - battery life - lack of flash - but it wont pinch you at this cost - lack of applications - but again its a trade off - RAM - 512 MB Verdict: Go for it if you are amongst one of the two categories mentioned above.
Excellent phone in that price range. Complete value for money. Screen transition responses are very smooth.
As said by tech guru IT IS CHUMASHERY phone In this segment is is the best phone even better then android phones
Answer these questions : 1) Which other smartphone under 10k can run asphalt 8 smoothly? 2)Which other smartphone gives you manual controls for the camera? 3)Which other smartphone has the kind of brand name nokia has? 4)Which other smartphone under 10k runs smoothly with no lag?
Bought it keeping in mind Exchange sync and emails, works great! Setting up mail accounts is a breeze and sync is beautiful! Miss the camera flash though.
As of now have no queries with the respective product have bought through online and delivered with in a day gap....that really surprised me.... And the product delivered in good condition...
Today it is almost 6 months over using this mobile and still it is in good condition . I bought it for 9400 rs that day from here and it was 1.5K less compared to market . After ordering, in 2 days it was in my hand very quick delivery.
delivered on time in perfect condition... good service from flipkart..... loving dis phone.... superb touch.... camera is fyn in day light....feels good in hand..... xcellent design....in dis price range u cant get anything better dan dis.... no lags by now.....
lumia 520 is an awsm experience for me. sound quality ,graphics,camera too good............but only one prob...i.e. battery...........not upto the mark
Very nice phone which i gifted to my childhood friend on his B'day.. he is very happy with phone performance. So far no complains and Flipkart delivered on time.
It is not a high end phone but I will rate it best in its class.Got it from flipkart for just @7199 thanks to GOSF best I can imagine for this phone. Everything is good except no flash with camera and known windows platform issues. and in the end in this price range, you can't get a perfectly smooth Android smartphone, so LUMIA 520 is the best you can get.
1st day: I am using windows phone for the first time. It is user friendly. The hardware of nokia is as good as always. No lags, good display, Will comment on battery after using it for full day however hope it will be as same as my previous experience with nokia n8 and nokia n73. Recommend for this price range. Note: It is playing 1080p video very smoothly (*.mp4). Audio is very good. Loudspeakar is very good compared to my previous N8. Camera is crisp though in dark it is lacking the flash support. Only bad thing I found that the vibration can not be turned off for the back button which is quite annyoing. Searched for the resolution over internet but found that it is a problem of windows phone not specially for Lumia. Otherwise pretty happy with the experience of handling it. Recommend others to go blindly for this range of phone if you can mange without flash support and the annyoing vibrating effect when you press the back button.
Did lot of online research and consulted some experts about Android and Windows platforms. Was told by an expert that Android phones develop a lag after prolonged use. Then I read an expert's review that since Microsoft owns Nokia, the OS and hardware compatibility is perfectly designed. Lumia 520 is best value for money phone. It has 8GB internal memory (4GB for user !!!). Expandable to 64GB !!! How ever, if Nokia can add these even at a small extra price, I would have happily bought that model - 1GB RAM, Front Cam, LED Flash. Now, I had no idea about the look and feel until I actually received it. The phone looks amazingly beautiful....slim and classy. The back has a peach rubber feel. Advice: But a good flip cover along with the phone...or a good back cover. Get the screen guard as soon as you buy the phone. The same screen guard is sold from Rs.200 to Rs.350 in mobile accessory shops. And one final word. The prices keep fluctuating on a daily basis and from site to site. Do a good search and buy. I got the best deal from Flipkart - Rs.7786. And Flipkart delivery is very quick and I was pleased that the delivery boy carried a credit card swiping machine. Really pleased with both the phone and Flipkart service.
Using it for past 3 months. Good product from Nokia with Windows 8 OS. Very good battery backup ...
i brought it over flipkart and after using it... i feel its nice budget phone..dont think more and buy it..
nice product...... nice Shipping... this is my first purchase i like it, and i will purchase more coming soon.... Product is awesome guys......
Product delivered two days earlier than the expected delivery date. Excellent packaging with sealed Nokia Lumia 520 box. Phone is rich in looks and features. After using Android and iOS for the last 3 years this is a refreshingly new experience. Obviously initial hiccups due to new UI, but speed, features, & display at par with many high end Android phones. I have not faced any major issue viewing the screen in bright sunlight. Screen is super sensitive, suggest to put a Screen Guard before start using it. Offline Maps really works like a professional GPS device. Mail inbox is refreshing with easy viewing of complete mail trail. Contacts automatically synced from my gmail account as soon I did my first account setup and sync. Overall a smart buy through flipkart.
IT's a best mobile superb touch screen internet speed is also good batary backup awesome camera cleartity is awesome than any android fone if you hav budget in 10k then buy lumia 520 its a awesome fone all apps suported and nokia mix radio and smart cam is awesome apps superb fone . it's a mini computer...........! thanx flipkart
IT's a best mobile superb touch screen internet speed is also good batary backup awesome camera cleartity is awesome than any android fone if you hav budget in 10k then buy lumia 520 its a awesome fone all apps suported and nokia mix radio and smart cam is awesome apps superb fone . it's a mini computer...........! thanx flipkart
Never has it hanged! awesome music experience with nokia radio live. Also, very classy and in a price range of 7700 its a steal! Was very hesitant to buy a win phone as i was used to android but oh my my... what a good product!
i am using this phone from the last one month .until now i had never faced any problem and i like the camera most
Nice Window Based Smartphone. Good User interface & Hardware Support. Thank U Flipkart for delivery the same.
Nokia Lumia 520 is Windows Phone 8 smartphone. It is a very good product in term of money, quality of phone and display, camera etc. overall it is a awesome product. Thanx to Flipkat for provide a good deal for me.
the phone is worth the money. only problem is the OS. windows for phone is still developing and is quite behind in comparison to ios or android.
Screen clarity is excellent. Battery backup is as per other android phones. Processing is fast. Limited choices of apps as compared to the android. But has all the useful apps so need not worry. Camera / video recording clarity is very good. (No Flash and Secondary Camera) No light at the bottom of the screen for the move back / Home Screen / Search Options. Initially feels uncomfortable if you are an android user, but once you have understood the phone, it is user friendly Overall experience is very good
Got an additional 10% discount as the product was purchased with a SBI card, which made it real value for money. Was delivered as promised. Good phone and the tile display is really cool, however not as many apps as you would get with apple / android. All in all a great budget win8 phone!
Lumia has always been my dream phone and since the day I got it, it's awesome. Works awesome, great camera, memory good, processing fast and looks totally OUT-OF-THE-WAY..!!! Truly my first love..
• Nokia Lumia 520 is always better phone on this price tag • the price is reduced around 400rs in a day time was shocking • I got the product in 72hrs and as described in the Listings • The Touch sensitive is okie cannot compare to 20k mobiles • Some Features are missing when compared Windows 7.5 mobiles • Easy User Friendly Mobile when comparing to Android • If you have only 1 tower/pulse network then Internet will not work unless You restart the handset • Only one day battery back up because I use the internet 24/7 (smartphones do not expect the battery to use for 2 or 3 days) • Screen Guard and Mobile case is expected with the In Box Accessories • 520 does the job very at his price tag • Supports most of the game from windows market • I promise you that you will definitely like the nokia and windows product • Buy with Confident and Trust the FLIPKART.com thank you
Pros Fast, fluid, lag-free and amazing OS Not like herd mentality of android Fast upgrade in os, unlike android Amazing camera performance in day light All needed apps are available. No one needs 500 pdf readers and 1,000 fart noise apps. One of each is enough and available. Cons Camera performance in low light is bad but expected with the prices point and lack of flash. Flipkart service is amazing. At the time of order, the expected delivery time was 3 days. I got the phone is less than 24 hours of ordering.
Again in Future if i am going to buy a mobile means it will b LUMIA only.... NOKIA means Standerd.. Great to buy this LUMIA 520.. I am so happy and proud that i am using best phone, that too different OS phone.. seeing me 5 of my friends buyed LUMIA.. all r happy with my suggestion.. Keep Connecting People NOKIA
nice but very delegate.. good in design.. camera quality is good and many lenses as well for different origin photo capturing.
works flawlessly...doesnt hung up....super-smooth UI....superb build quality....nokia ka bharosa...!!
I have purchased this mobile one week back from flipkart. First of all I got delivery before committed date. Guys it is value for money. pros and cons may be I will share later upon experience. I was little bit worried about 512 RAM but friends it is working very well. Perfect entry level smart phone. Would have been delight with LED flash and tourch.
My new nokia Lumia 520...looks are excellent video quality is good , the camera is awesome lots of free applications (all the apps needed are there ) the only problem i find is that the battery works for a day (connected to wifi for the whole day ,played some games downloaded my new applications..:)..). i just to want to say that it is the best phone available in the market under 10k...and also i want to say window phone are very user friendly
I have been using this phone since 2months now n boy o boy what an experience it has been. I was quite sceptical about buying a windows phone as my folks were all crazy about android OS. However when I read about its positive feedback on internet, I made up my mind to give it a try. Believe me guys this is the best smartphone you will get in the
Got This Phone Yesterday.. its's Just AWESOME!! if u have a tight budget of around 8000 then blindly buy this phone.. it has got good speed, display , quality music and a amazing camera.. but no flash..still.. n all those ppl talking abt apps pls look into windows phone apps a bit before u talk.. it has got all the essential apps u need n then some.. what else can u ask in such budget!!! go for it..!!
1st of all i got this phone at price Rs.6989 yesterday. Regarding the memory, it will be of 64gb expandable memory, not 32 gb memory. The strikeout points are- The dual core snapdragon processor, which works best with Nokia. Other phones at this range are having single core processor. You can use it by wearing gloves, its IPS panel is the best. Skydrive(cloud storage of 7GB free), Nokia HERE(route maps) are couple of samples of the best services which will be provided by Nokia in joint venture with Windows. Moreover Win8 is the most stable OS surpassing Jelly Bean, iOS, and Blackberry. People dont have trust in Windows phon, but guys all the Lumia series ending with 20's viz.Lumia520,620.. are the best. By the end of this year Windows 8 based phones will surpass Android and iOS.
Mobile is good.The condition of it also is very good.But the box it was packed was very small.Finally the product was very nice.I am satisfied with my product.Delivery was on time.
Excellent product at low price.simply superb.i had bad experience with Samsung galaxy core. i bought this phone for my mom battery backup awesome.
awesome features 1.better performance 2.qualamm-2d graphic processor 3.snapdragan-high performance dual core 4.mass memory 5.5-megapixel camera 6.office tools 7.xbox HD features 8.NO HANGING 9.CAN PLAY BETTER GAMES FOR GAMERS 10.SOLID PHONE UNDER 10K
Excellent phone in this range , u cant get such a great phone in this range Positives: its slim, classy, good battery life negatives: camera not as such good in low vision/night Overall , m very happy to own it
apart from all the qualities there are some tiny drawbacks.....the phone does'nt come with a screen guard, so u need to buy that of ur own, there's no memory card given with it
Great value for money..i think there is no other phone in this range that offers same features and price except this one.. Looks great..touch screen quality is very good..Except the microsim slot no other problem at all.. As usual flipkart delivery service was awesome...
Screen clarity is excellent. Battery backup is as per other android phones. Processing is fast. Limited choices of apps as compared to the android. But has all the useful apps so need not worry. Camera / video recording clarity is very good. (No Flash and Secondary Camera). No light at the bottom of the screen for the move back / Home Screen / Search Options. Initially feels uncomfortable if you are an android user, but once you have understood the phone, it is user friendly. Can not share downloaded videos with Bluetooth. Received Whatsup videos can not be downloaded, but can be forwarded. Can not see folders in phone, but if connected to an PC, folders are visible. No file manager in the phone. Nokia Mix Radio- Can download any song you want to listen- Really good. "Overall Experience is Very Good" !!!!
one of the best mobiles under 8K, I have to agree, but using it for few days and here is from a former Android user pov Pros:: Nice hardware - even cheapest Chinese Android of similar specs are costly Nice screen quality for low end mobile. good music and video performance, refreshing change in UI, battery is ok., Call clarity is good and No Mobile network issues.. Cons:: Nothing except Software is driving me mad and putting me off this mobile No USB tethering- only wifi internet share,OS restriction of not allowing apps to run in background, music player forgets location for audio book reader it is irritating as hell, single audio control for all media and phone, irritating unable to lock screen rotation, no static ip, apps in windows market are numerous but they are simple due to restriction imposed by windows mobile platform, 512 mb may seems meager but with windows os restrictions it is more than enough, I am not sure if its good or a bad thing. have to manually switch off 3g, as even when wifi is enabled for some reason this has consumed my 3g data.. My phone has nokia amber GD2 update , i hear GD3 update scheduled for release in January is going to fix a lot of issues, else I will be ditching this for Android mobile, Android has spoil me and lack of basic features is putting me off, I dont install any apps otherthan stock but basic functionality is why i tried windows mobile and it disappoints.. Nothing wrong with phone except camera is below par, even unusable in low light. Windows is growing OS and it has a long way to go before even simple android users are comfortable in switching to windows platform.
this product is worth while money spended. good picture and sound quality, heavy duty accessories and amazing performance. I am comfortable than android in this windows phone.
if are not a android fan then it is the best budget phone you will get in sub 9000 range. i preordered it flipkart so its been 7 month since i have bought this phone. encountered a minor touch key glitch after 6 month but its not a big problem. phone runs smoothly. overall i am happy with it.
delivery on time and as promised. wonderful product at best price. flipkart stands on it's word every time. go for it who wants to give lumia a shot. looking forward for another purchase soon.
Pros:: 1>Camera is just awesome 2>Display quality and touch is even better than any Rs-15000 > Phone... 3> Runs very smoothly with out a lag.... Cons: 1> No cons at all
I have bought this phone couple of weeks back for my father. The phone has an awesome touch. as well its music is loud and clear. I tested the headset with different instrumental musical piece i have. they are quite good. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone in this price range.
I am extremely satisfied with this phone , earlier I used Android and Window 7.8 phone ,I found many apps and new functionalities compared to Windows 7.8 . I loved it .
Great experience with the service of flipkart. received the item in less than 24 hrs. Nice phone indeed.
A Big Thankyou to Flipkart for its quick service, awesome deal and fab customer support....I am sure Amazon will follow you in India soon to set standards:) Nokia- Lumia 520 is a good entry level phone from. I am quite satisfied with this phone.
Nice mobile with good features... best in this price category. you wont regret after buying this. only thing I miss is there is no flash, so pictures not great when there is low light.. Still good for the price.
Best mobile at good price !!! Cons: No Secondary Camera Camera Quality is not good Otherwise, the mobile is definitely value for money.
I Purchased this product with my first salary, Only one thing i got upset because of the delay delivery, However This Product is awesome in all stages and in performance as well. Frankly Internet and feel is Just Great. I fully satisfied with this product, thats what am giving 5 star
It's worth it's price. Bought it for Rs.6,989 today. Windows 8 is fluidic, no lags provided you limit the number of apps. Camera clicks considerably good pictures. Go for it!!
This phone is Awesome. Camera is very good, the quality of photos is as good as 8 MP Samsung phone. Panorama feature is very good. Looks very good, much better than cheap plastic Samsung phones. Touch is fantabulous. Very smooth. Though it's not "Quad or Octa Core", it multitasks with ease. Also, all the great apps are now available in Windows market like Temple Run, Whatsapp, Hill climb racing, etc. All this at just 7500. Nokia is here to stay. Go home Samsung!
Best buy at around 7500. If your budget is higher go for lumia 720. Pros : look and fell,good specifications Cons: Windows platform , slight difficult to use for 1st time users.
best windows phone at reasonable price, At 8000 range ,this is the best choice, cons: no flash, no front cam, pros: support 1280x720 resolution videos
as a user of this phone i thnk this phone is really grt...but at the same time i dont thnk wp8 app store is still tht mature and i certainly wont invest more than 10k for a windows phone at this point of time..its really improving though....as far as this phone is concerned im 4.5 satisfied...since i hv used iphone 4 my expectations were high...the apps are not much..but its improving screen is gud..but certainly not retina.. GOOD : REALLLLYY FASST..thts the best part of this phone..buy any android phone and after a while they lag like shit..and really piss u then..in this dept 520 is at par with 50k iPhone..the camera is grt too..videos specially..and even without flash it takes awesome photos in dark..really surprised BAD :.of cours the app store is not tht grt..but really its improving really fast..even developers are releasing apss simultaneously with ios and android WHO SHOULD BUY: anyone first time smartphone buyer, or who dont wanna wait for a phone to respond..GO FOR IT
I requested product on 28th Nov and delivery date was on 2nd Dec, even after may request product not reached to destination. I asked for cancellation on 3rd Dec and customer executive said that money will be credited with in 9-10 days. On 12 Dec when i called CC executive, product yet to reach seller. How disgusting things happens i dont understand. Till the product does not reach seller i will not get money back after 7 days. If product is misplaced then how about my money.
for this price the specs are just great and the phone looks good too..have been using it for a week now and have no complaints...only cons are in terms of (1) No secondary camera (2) No flash and (3) limited number of apps on the windows app store...hopefully the app limitation will be rectified soon once the eco system gains traction. Service of flipkart was excellent as usual with absolutely no delay or problems
Good Phone I like the phone very much. I gone to this phone bcs I love nokia. Screen look Good and touch is too good. Apps are also fine . Games are also good
I received it on 3rd Dec, 2013... Used few days... Then got some serious problems. It gets turned off automatically and takes much more time to turn on. Then I contact flipkart on 11th December, 2013. Since Nokia Lumia 520 (Black) wasn't available in their stock, they arranged me for refund of the complete paid amount. In the same day, A eKart Courier Executive from Flipkart came to my address and he picked up my defected phone. After 2 hours, Flipkart credited the amount in my Flipkart Wallat. Then I have ordered Sony Xperia E Dual in the same day. I'm very very very happy in their service. THANK YOU FLIPKART.
i've been using mmx canvas 2 since a year but found the windows os better & like the presentation of windows 8 os. #pros. - never lags camera free music Ergonomics windows store- trust me its awesome, there aren't as many games as there are on android but but most of them are just too addictive #Cons- pictures aren't sharp when clicked with camera button. the focus works good when tapped on screen. Conclusion- banging deal for the price
I ordered it this summer and as usual excellent service from flipkart!! I am a big Nokia fan but still I surveyed a lot before going for this,so I ll briefly put my reviews about it. Pros: 1. Windows phone 8 is a fantastic os. its smooth, fluidic ,never lags and provides excellent user experience . 2.Don't worry about apps ,u get nearly all useful apps in the windows store. 3.The phone quality feels very nice and is very strong considering it to be a smart phone. 4.Touch screen is way better than any of the phones available at this range and feels good.. 5.Camera: Given a 5 MP lens,works very good in low light conditions. Cons: 1.not customisable like android (The biggest disadvantage). 2.As usual windows is not open source and so this one also isn't. 3.NO flash for the camera.
Only con is doesnt have a front camera. But It works well for skype with the rear camera with a great quality. Awesome processor speed n loading time for contacts is great even with 3K contacts
The feature and the price at which it is offered is extraordinary. I thought 512 mb RAM would be having a hanging prblm but it never happened so. Battery life is Good, more than one day. User interface, windows is very easy. This phone gives its best if you don't use it for games.
The phone stands out at the price, non android phone from a reputed manufactured comes up to the spec and even though there are a large number of applications available on android the phones at this price range would be limited by their processor and memory to run those. good buy, and the best thing is it come with whole India voice guided navigation.
Really happy with Lumia 520. In all terms I got appropriate value for my money. I only have a problem and that is with the battery back up. I think that is not a serious issue when we think about pros of this phone.
I bought this phone in August, 2013. Being a Windows 8 end user and crazy fan of Nokia, I never thought the combination burst out to be an astonishing Lumia series. This phone is simply superb and great to look at. Mine is a yellow coloured panel. The phone works great even after the GPRS is ON for 24 hrs with a stunning battery life. After using the internet and phone simultaneously my battery almost lasts for 20 hours, which I consider something exceptional compared to other smartphones. I regularly use WhatsApp, Internet, other applications beside regular phone. For me, the only bad part is it is too addictive.
Great Product In Best Price,maximum screen size in this range,8 gb memory can save whatever i want without deleting anything and also support 64 gb micro sd support
At this price it is a value for money smartphone. Windows Phone 8 interface is easy to use and intuitive. The pre-installed Nokia apps are also good. The phone's build quality is also great. Text looks very good on the display. Would recommend this phone any day. Little upset about the price drop by around 300/- the very next day of my purchase, it is further lower now, at the current price this phone is a steal.
u can't expect anything better than this at this price range. it has some merit as well as demerit as other cell phones , but the merit factor overcomes its demerits.. simply u can go for this product.
It is an awesome product for this price. A windows phone with all necessary features except the front camera and the flash for the camera. It was pleasure buying from Flipkart. Keep it up Flipkart.
I bought this mobile for gifting purpose. It is great deal because it fulfills all the requirement for normal users. I have even heard about the support of HD videos play, because of VLC player provided for Windows. :)
Before buying lumia I talked with many of friends about what is better to buy. A windows phone or an android phone. The vote was for android, but seeing the ratio of 5star to 1star in flipkart for both the product(lumia 520, samsung galaxy S I went for Lumia and I have to say I was right.
Bought my Lumia 520 in June. And I'm so happy with the phone and the unbeatable price of late (3K lesser than what I bought for) that I've recently purchased two of these for my siblings. I have used feature phones, then a couple of Android phones from one of the top brands, and now this Windows phone. I am not a power-user of mobiles (don't do much gaming, only essential surfing), although I have tinkered around installing custom ROMs and all on Android, so I do 'understand' mobile phones. :) PROS: - Good looks. I think I prefer the minimalist/modern design as opposed to glitzy/kitsch, and Lumia 520 has all of this. And if you wanna switch colours one day you can simply change the cheap back panel. - Heavy-duty hardware. I think the Lumia 520 has the same/similar hardware (chipset, processor, screen) as its more expensive Lumia 620 and 720. So you get a superior hardware for cheap. - Super-sensitive touch, flows like water. This includes both the hardware (screen) as well as the OS (Windows). I think (no proof) Windows OS does a better job of managing and responding to the input touch-events as compared to Android given similar hardware. - Robust. I drop my phone occasionally. It just splits into parts - battery, back-cover and phone - and works like new when I put it back on. Reminds of the good-old Nokia feature phones. Btw from a mechanical impact-absorption perspective I believe that flexible plastic and break-away parts do a much better job of taking the impact and preserving the electronics/screen inside than a solid glued-together phone. - Great camera in good daylight. Even though it's just a 5 MP camera (for those who still believe in those MP counts) it does a much better job at capturing the true colours and contrast than most of those 8 MP and more expensive phones out there. In day-light only, of course. Haven't come across a better camera-phone at this price. - Beautiful flows of the Windows OS. Windows has done a great job of making the user interface beautiful, simple and usable. There are limited user-actions, and you don't think much while navigating through the screens/icons/apps - which is a very good thing from UX perspective. I find the interface simpler and more beautiful than Android. (Counter: please see the CONS section) - Secure OS. Windows OS restricts each app to its own 'sandbox' - storage area that it can access. This puts a lot of constraints on a lot of apps, but makes the OS relatively more secure as compared to Android, for example. - Fully-offline Nokia maps. Useful when you keep your GPS/data off at times, or go outdoors where there might not be any network. This is more useful than what I felt like while I was buying a Windows phone. - Unbelievable price point. Got this for 7900 from Flipkart; had bought my first Lumia 520 for 10.5K, which I still feel is undervalued for this phone! You only start getting this quality hardware and software for phones above 15-17K from the bigger brands (not counting Indian brands like Micromax/Karbonn, and the recently launched Panasonic phone which I don't have much idea about). CONS: - No compass. That might be asking for too much, but I sometimes go trekking and a compass is the only thing I miss in this otherwise excellent phone. - No flash, bad low-light photos. I don't like taking photos with a flash (the colours are all 'flashed') and the camera has poor low-light imaging, so it's unusable in low-light. - Limited Apps on Windows App store. You usually find similar apps from diff developer as compared to Android/iStore, but once a while you don't. Also, if you're used to some app in a diff OS or have all your history/settings then it's a pain switching to a new app. - Limited multi-threading in Windows OS. Windows OS 'pauses' the apps that go into the background. Although some type of actions are allowed (don't know the details), but this limitations comes in the way of some type of apps when they're put in background such as a stop-watch app. - Very little customization possible. A lot of settings are not made available to the user. Apps can't change/interact with each other, so you can't have apps that add functionality to your SMS inbox or keyboard (eg swipe keyboard). You take what you're given and be happy with that. :P
A great phone from Nokia with ample support from Windows 8. I bought this after reading reviews from flip kart. I gifted to my sister.Its a nice smart phone in its range. Flip kart pricing was very competitive. Got the best deal from flip kart. Nokia with the help of MS catching up with Android.
Wat a touch it has been!! Waited in Flipkart for nearly 6 months of time for lowering for Price.Finally got a new Windows Phone !! Much better phone under 10k...Best buy
am using for the last 1 month and itz amazing,no hanging, high speed internet and its more user friendly..
awesome phone.maine socha bhi nahi tha ki yeh phone itna acha niklega.and on flipkart i SAVE RS.1700
the mobile is not bad but the cons in mobile are no flashlight,no secondary camera and the battery backup is low its like 1 day if we use continous internet instead of this evrything is gud
Looking for windows phone, then it is the best option. Best Phone at this price range...............................................
It is worth 4 the money yu give. Android is very user friendly but windows will have updates to improve the quality and No android phone of this range will stand before 520.. :)
Good product under less price.I would recommend this product for those who has a budget of 10k. advantages: 1:No lag 2:Good picture quality and video quality.Even if doesn't have flaslight the picture and video quality is good at night time. Disadvantages: 1:No video file transfer from phone to memory card and also one phone to another via bluetooth. 2:No file manager to transfer files. 3:No flash.
This is my first windows phone. I purchased it because of trust of Nokia and it did not disappoint me. Pros Good Look & Stylish Windows Phone 8 OS Good Camera Windows store is catching up with the Google Play store with as many applications (Though little less) Cons Not all Apps are free (including Angry Bird, Fruit Ninja) Sometimes the response is slow 512MB RAM (It should have been 1GB)
Hi, My suggestion is who want to have basic features like touch, music, navigator etc they can go for this mobile. The features what are provided in the mobile working fine. Value to the mony
First of all a big applause to Flipkart. Usually it takes 3-4 days to get my order, but this was quick, got the product in less than 48 hours. That was really fast. Keep it up 4 the excellent service. And now about the product:- If u want 2 own ur first windows phone, go for LUMIA. This is a superb product. Nothing more 2 add bcoz the early buyers hv already mentioned abt the product much better. Thank u Flipkart 4 offering the product at this price, & wl continue the relationship with them.
I love the touch sensitiveness for lumia 520 considering the price of the device. It is more than 100 % about the touch. Above all a handy device to use, worth for money.
Timely delivery by Flipkart. Nice phone by Nokia for below 10K range Look, features wise its good touch and feel Best User Interface, Best Graphics and font styles
Timely delivery by Flipkart, nicely packed and as promised. Nice phone by Nokia for below 10K range. Cool look and features and good touch and feel experience.
it is a budget smartphone no other company is providing such a good smartphone at this price range in the market the specs are very good if you have more money then wait for sometime , nokia is releasing another windows phone named L525 it has 1 gb ram and price is approx rs 11000 although 520 is also good.
I Ordered this Mobile in Flipkart and got delivered in 2days . Thanks to Flipkart first :) NOW I Move on To LUMIA 520 Look is Great , Black Color Panel Comes with Rubber Coat . and Its Easy to Use and Keep on Any Surface with out caring the Panel Damages or Dirt . Performance : Superb . Fast in Processing and NO LAG or HANG till now ( Used for 2 months ) Camera : Not grate . But Good at Sunlight Now GDR3 update has come and It allows us to Close the Background Process like how we do In Android Mobiles . and Some more updates has come :) Music : Superb in Quality with out EQ option .. Its MOre Enough to use a Good Quality Earbud Headphones :) OVERALL Its a Great mobile Wen Compared to Price range in Good Company Mobiles , Performance , Look , UNIQUEness Etc 5STARS :) HAPPY TO USE THIS LUMIA 520 :)
people keep on saying about android and it's apps but i have not found any shortcoming ,i got all the apps i wanted to keep my phone memory full ,lots of game to play,and above all the interface is so cool .total eye candy,which is something android lacks. Ya there are some flaws but i think they will get fixed soon. Most importantly it is far better than any android phone up to 15000 range.there is no good android phone up to 15k range.Some lack good display ,some camera,some memory or RAM. In all Lumia 520 is completely awesome with superb display ,good camera and also cool body.
Using this product for two months after purchasing it from flipkart. Flipkart service was just optimum. Lumia 520 is just amazing, I am writing this review after using it for two months. Good things: 1. Look: Totally different from the Samsung smartphones. Smart and attractive though back side is plastic. 2. Processor: 1GHz processor allows beautiful multitasking. 3. Internal memory: 8 GB internal memory is much better than Android phones in the similar range. External memory- Micro SD card. 4. RAM: 512 MB RAM makes the phone fast, multitasking. Browsing is easy. 5. OS: Windows 8 operating system is a nice platform. Almost never hangs. 6. Good sound quality, clear voice, good visibility of the screen. 7. Screen is sharp and attractive. Touch screen is fantastic. 8. Camera works nicely, 5MP is no problem. Good low light resolution. 9. Office package comes free. Powerpoint and Excel opens and works nicely. 10. Internet experience is good. 11. Apps are no problem, facebook, WhatsApp, viber works nicely. 12. Cost: How they can give such a phone at this cost (
As a Nokia phone user, I love Lumia 520 very much. Nokia is always reliable at all times with good performance and battery life. Especially Lumia 520 provides next generation of Nokia phones and I have satisfied all the way. Since all erstwhile reviewers had explained everything, I have nothing left to talk about. Thanks for Nokia and a special thanks to Flipkart for it's fabulous service as it does always.
Budget Phone having all features except Flash and Front camera. Other than this everything is superb.
Good product with a low price. One problem with this mobile is side buttons. Good picture clarity. Sound system is superv.
Nokia Lumia 520 is a great phone....I'm highly impressed with Windows and Nokia!! All games including Temple run & rail rush are running awesome! Flipkart delivered me the product two days before the expected date!
According to me it is a good phone. If you compare this with galaxy s duos, it is a much better phone. more features. Like this phone
windows certeainly doing new innovations and a great job....a budget phone in 8000k....all rounder phone and great delivery from flipkat..good going microsoft...except for a few things lyk shortcut and widget features....gud camera...bt stil a gud os then android...
I ordered Cyan color, It reached to me at the earliest. No one can beat Flipkart's speed of delivering. After using Samsung for such a long time, i was sick of the same old UI, Lumia is fresh.. Nothing old old.. Sound is so loud.. Battery is awesome, worth of money, photos come pretty good, Watsapp looks different and cool, I could download almost all the important apps and games.. Its cool that way. Alarm is sweet.. I just love this phone. I also recommended my friends. They got it and loved it :) Just go for it!
I have been using this phone since March 2013. I was among the first batch of people who got this phone. Since then, I have no complaint against the quality, usability, durability and fluency of this utter handy, easy-to-use phone. Sound is just awesome, display is fabulous, and it NEVER hangs like droids. if you are as poor as me, this is something you should buy as your first smart buddy. :D
First of all I want to tell my english is not so good. Friends don't hesitate to buy this phone bcoz in this price range Nokia Lumia 520(8200) is the best. Because this phone plays most video format like MKV 720, MP4 720HD, FLV, AVI, WMV Etc. You don't know friends Samsung galaxy core (13,200) does not play 720HD & MKV720. But friends your should know there is a heat problem when you use games application.
I bought this phone from flipkart and till the date i am enjoying every second of it. It has super sensitive screen which is far more better than any other phone in this range. Things which i like most about this phone are : Internet is flawless. Nokia is Music :) Nokia Maps. X box games Loaded apps for every need.
I bought Nokia Lumia 520 when I was looking for under 10K smart phone. I had gone through review of the product and decided to give a try. I must tell all the android lovers that Nokia Lumia series is worth the change. First its screen response is fantastic. Overall build quality is also way better than other android phone including Samsung. The Nokia music and Movie download is real boon. As of now yet to find any application which I want to use and not available in Windows 8 platform. Though I must say that Windows 8 platform requires some learning and is not the most easy to use platform as of now. I strongly recommend anyone looking for less than 10K smart phone to look at Nokia Lumia 520.
Nice phone...no lags...overall a good experience...windows 8 isnt that bad and most probable it'll be getting the lumia black update
delivery was lateee....but the fone is awsomeee..great interface..all buyers with budget btw 6000 and 13000...it is the bestt..
friends forget about android nd go for WP Display = 5/5 Speed = 5/5 Battery = 4/5 Sound = 4/5 Camera = 4.5/5 Apps = 3/5 (Not so much apps like androids) Internet speed is much more faster than samsung, micromax & other low budget phone.
Nokia's new Lumia 520 is officially the most affordable Windows Phone device. Considering the price, the Lumia 520 is a great deal. Obviously, a few things have been omitted to get the price down. For instance, there is no front camera and the rear camera is a basic 5MP unit without flash. The battery is a 1,430mAh unit and you won't get any high-end features like NFC, TV out or 1080p video recording. Where it matters the most, you can't find fault with the Lumia 520. It may be entry-level, but it still offers a fluid interface, it includes Nokia's turn-by-turn navigation, Nokia Music, great call quality and feels sturdy to hold and use.
Lumia 520 Really Good,Best and Cheap Windows Phone In The Market, 5 MegaPixel Camera 1 Ghz Dual Core Processor 4inc IPS Display Thanks Seller
i got this phone more than a month back and after availing the offers it had cost me app 7K. The quality and specs you get with lumia 520 at this price makes it a steal. pros:- nice display and highly responsive touch. overall build quality and ergonomics. speaker audio quality is good. no lags in any of the games i tried. WP8 seems to be a nice OS to me ( mine was shipped with GDR2, amber) - you can perform almost all your jobs with the available apps cons:- camera quality is slightly below average especially for pictures taken in low light.( considering the price i don't mind it ) no file manager is an issue, sometimes you really need it !! neither pros nor con:- battery performance is average
nice phone to handle,bought on 10th month had a slip from my hand made phone to damage on screen.when i went for nokia care told me that the damage is physical and will cost around 2500inr.so before buying make notice that this phone is only for gentle purpose only.internal motherboard will cost around 4000inr.
This is a decent phone at a 8.5K price & the standout feature is the screen size which is not available at this price on any branded or android phone. Few Windows features are a bit annoying though when compared to iOS or Android but I think OS will also improve over the period of time.
Delivery within 48 hours of placing the order. No issues with the product or accessories or the bill. Coming to the looks, its a very smartly built phone. Considering its the low end model in the lumia series, it doesnt feel cheap or useless. It has most of the features and the sync between them is great, The windows store and other initial setup is also hassel free. It misses a flash and the phone comes with no plastic screen cover, so you need to buy a scratch guard immediately. Display is terrific and touch is also smooth. Layout is so customizable and colorful. If you are bored with the same old iphone or samsung designs, look no further. This phones rocks.
Very good mobile phone. I have 720 also but no major difference in performance. Price is making unique this phone on this segment. if anyone want to go with within 10K range this can best choice. and Flipkart given free battery backup module. Nice price and safe delivery. Thanks flipkart.
Battery backup is good and sound quality is also nice. Good product in this range. Unlimited songs are free by NOKIA music.
Fun Features Powered by Windows Phone 8, Nokia Lumia 520 comes with exclusive digital lenses, a 1GHz dual core processor, and a touchscreen that even works with long nails or gloves. The Nokia Lumia 520 comes with digital lenses built in – exclusive to Nokia, adding magic to your pictures. Capture the perfect shot with SmartShoot and take multiple photos in a single click. Or add motion to still images with Cinemagraph. Touch, swipe, tap or just pinch. The 4 –inch (10.16cm) touch screen display is so sensitive you can even slide the screen with long nails, pen nibs or car keys! Mailing, typing, chatting and surfing, easier than ever. Stay on top of things with Live Tiles which update in real time on your start screen. Get 7GB of storage on Microsoft SkyDrive, so you can sync your phone and computer. And pre-installed Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint mean you can work on the go, hassle-free.
I have been android user for 1 and half year or more and my HTC just went dead. Always wanted to try windows phone(I Have been working with microsoft technologies for more than 5 years so affection for microsoft is obvious:) ) Coming to review. Some cons first as i saw in my 4 days usage. There is bit annoying autorotate feature which can't be disabled for now(It will be allowed to in january update gdr3) You cant share videos on whats app from your gallery as windows os does not allow any app developers access to its video library. Those ones that I noticed. Now in detail pro's Most important: Battery life: Advantage of this over some higher end lumia's is removable battery.The charge runs very well with normal usage.Mine includes mail sync with 3 id's whatsapp, occasional music and fb twitter etc.And it easily runs me 1 full day(close to 24 hours) (remember to see nokia tips for saving battery as soon as you buy this phone)Extremely helpful. If you do not keep data connections on forever than i wont be surprised if it runs even 2 good days. Os: First and foremost, you dont compare with android.It is an open source os and people can tweak it the way they like.Which is not the case with windows 8 os and that by default gets you added level of security for your phone. Touch: I have been surprised by how good the touch felt and if you have got mat scratchguard, it's fantastic.No lag atall despite this being low end model. Processor,Ram: I am not high end gamer or something, Hence the provided ram of 512 mb is extremely sufficiant for me.If you are looking to run some heavy games then you should probably pass this one. Overall processing is great and I do not miss my android 1 bit. Advantages with softwares. Had to compare android here, you always have to look for some apps on market to download songs at will for you(Hindi english ,Marathi are just impossible to find) This fone comes with inbuilt unlimited subscription of nokia music and believe It's best thing I have seen in phone till date. You can download any bollywood song you like on your fingertips and (a licensed one too) I have tried searching for some pretty old movies like mr natvarlal, roti kapda aur makan, and they are all there for you. And to my surprise even some great marathi songs are in library.So if you are song lover and want to get songs on your phone,This will give you lot of fun/ Office availability: With microsoft , Office has to come. and they dont disspoint, It comes with office suite including excel word powerpoint as well office 365 connectivity. I have not missed any apps here as yet. and you have all you need for your day to day usage. Business side is great.Email sync works like charm and you can add as many mail id's as you like and it will give you good use. "People" feature is great too, It will sync your fb,twitter,linkedin accounts with phonebook and you can get all updates you want without actually going and opening individual app. All in all great phone if your are looking for purely a smartphone which can keep you connected and allow you to stay in touch with your mails,business on the go. Kudos!
Since the day I bought Nokia Lumia 520, I have no issues for fast internet connectivity where ever I go. It's wireless internet sharing feature to upto 8 user's makes it stand apart. Camera is outstanding with diverse inbuilt lens options like Cinemgraph, Photobeamer etc. If you buy extended version of Lumia like 625, 925 etc, no need to carry any camera with you. They shoot brilliant pictures Lumia is just amazing series by Nokia Note: I use Airtel (3G), the best of all and fastest.
Purchased about one month ago,till now this phone proved to be the best phone in the market.The only dis advantage of this phone is the camera flash and secondary camera but this phone worth the price.Must buy one and see the change in Nokia..
i brought this phone just 4 months from a local store in A.P and i am well satisfied with the product. Pros: 1.) sexy and sleek design 2.) Great & safe operating system. 3.) facebook and messaging apps are great. 4.) great Touch experience. 5.)Adobe reader and Full Ms office suite with office 360. 6.) 8 Gb internal memory , 7Gb skydrive storage & 64 Gb expandable memory is great. 7.) offline maps are greate and can give accurate info about the place. 8.) camera does well when compared wth other phones with same camera. 9.) Great snap dragon processor at 1ghz speed . Cons: 1) Less apps when compared with android.(all productive apps are present) 2.) 512 Mb ram 3.) Battery Capacity Should have been better overall this is a product that every person who wants a budgeted smart phone with high quality and productivity can buy this.
A perfect phone for me :) . here are lots of reviews many things people already have said. So i will say only that after looking at phone my friend's reaction was "Wowwwwww" Thanks to Flipkart
phone is awesome, many wrote many reviews views pros and cons , these that, but my suggestion is if u feel like buying a phone in this range just buy it, honestly saying this is the phone for all category , buy a nice earphone along with the mobile, the earphone comes with the phone is gud built bad sound quality , better to use a matte screen guad along with it rather clear screen guard.
Frankly, I was not a Windows phone fan before I ordered this one. But when this beauty in yellow (loved the colour) came in, I was impressed by the texture and size of the phone. What I loved: - The colour and size - The volume (loud indeed) - The new Windows tile interface What I did not: - The phone's darn difficult to open. Wish they had a slot, like the have in Samsung. Okay, compared to Android, there are far lesser apps, but hey, I'm sure they'd grow.
Very nice phone, Decent features with the price point. But the international price is around 25% less than what it is in India. Good job Flipkart
This product Nokia Lumia 520 is good (but not excellent) ... pros: quite cheap for a win 8 os nyc camera 5.0 MP(but no led flash /secondary cam) --u shudn't expect these extra features in a 8k mobile the touch screen is damn good excellent processor ligntning fast browsing speed even in 2G network... cons BATTERY... yes, the battery is not just bad, it is of worst quality...The battery just sucks.. it gets heated up if u use for 2 hrs,and if u further use it, the phone becomes just too hot too handle... The phne gets hung up very often.. The OS being Windows , the no. of apps and games available in the app. market (especially free ones) are extremely limited... while in Android, u get thousands of apps and games all free...
This is an awesome mobile and nokia has done an amazing job. Just like many of you I used to believe that lumia sucks but I was in for a total surprise. I personally find windows mobile much better than android. It is fun, it is easy, fast and fluid to use and talk about social networking and windows integrates it all into one place. The phone looks amazing. It is not very light but it feels good. The camera is good, video recording is also appreciable considering it is below 10k phone. The phone is worth each and every penny. Nokia also offers free music and movies to download which is really unique. Here (Nokia maps) is exceptional and trust me it covers most nook and corners of every major city. You also have Google map available for the windows, all the app is not developed by Google it is still the same as Google maps is an open source app. There is a lot of complaint that windows phone lacks apps. True compared to the millions of app available in iOS and android. But believe me you will find all the necessary apps for day to day activities. As far is gaming is concerned it wont let you down. It has temple run, angry birds, asphalt, nfs hot pursuit and lot more. The best part of windows is that it allows you to try paid apps for free! Nokia is a great brand, it is still the worlds second largest mobile phone manufacturer, true that nokia is down but then I believe there are reverting back. especially after microsoft acquired nokia. Thinking of buying a phone below 10k, close your eyes and go for the lumia. I CAN GURANTEE YOU WILL LOVE IT.
I am using this phone since more than a month.. this phone is amazing.. most important is its OS, It is really better than Android Phones. Pros: - 8 GB Internal Memory and 64 GB microsd supported. i am using 32 GB SanDisk Ultra memory card. - Camera quality is better than android Phone. - All Popular apps are available. - Nokia Creative Studio for better Image. - If you have Lumia Amber Update in your phone you can use call+sms filter app. - It has Office 365, email and linkedin integration. So if you are a hard working guy, it will help you to do your job smartly, without even hurting your pocket. Cons: - Nokia Glance Screen is Not Available due to insufficient hardware. - Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present. - No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 Ram limitation. Overall experience is awesome at this price range. i have installed about 27 apps but still my phone not slowing down. it's really cool phone.
Positive Points 1. Fast Processor. Phone never hangs. 2. Good Quality Camera 3. Nice Screen Resolution 4. Nice touch. 5.Large Internal Memory. 6.Large no of apps(but less in compare to android) 7.Good look. 8. Win 8 OS Disadvantages: 1. Poor battery performance. I purchased this phone about a month ago. Now it is giving just 6-7 hrs backup. :( 2. No secondary camera. 3. No flash. Overall, the phone is good. If ur budget is around 8k then it is the best buy.
the app store is too bad that the apps and games present in google store and itunes are free(moreover) but in this store all the in above mentioned stores which are free are not free so BEWARE
Good quality product from Nokia, got it delivered quickly, The phone performs well even in 500MB ram. The price is also competitive. Thanks Flipkart
I brought lumia520 from flip kart recently Aug-13....initially i felt set was amber updated but it was not and it was having hanging issue, i complained flipkart.....they replaced with new set which is good one and update with FM radio , i am happy with new set......i want suggest flip kart they should delivery always latest updated one do not wait to complaint every one and later replace it.... but any way happy ending in my case thanks for the good service....
i useing this phone is good pretty good look and android cant compare with this i like from me flipkart 5 likes. and one this is dispointing me that i can't COD on my home address before few days it's deliver COD but what happen now i didn't know i request to flipkart that "please gives COD for whom only how are order product before and regularly order from flipkat" i understand the problem of our town is pepole are order it on COD but they didn't recived it. so for like me costumer you have to give it COD on 781315 please sir. please for few of us only.
I am using this mobile for 3 days,till now there was no problem. Pros: Picture,Camera Clarity is very good. Battery backup upto 1.5 day with nominal usage. Touch response very good No lag till now Cons: Some features are not available[led flash, dual sim],As already mentined. windows 8 is little bit difficult for first time smart phone user,but can be rectified with usage Till now i am happy with my phone and thanks to flipkart for on time delivery
First of all,thanks flipkart for such a greats service. WS retailer not single issue till today. For flipkart service 10/10 and WS retailer 10/10 If you are planing for new phone below 9k best phone.but keep in mind if you are android,ios lover or if you are using android,ios from last 1yr than you will regret the windows 8.but if you want some change than go for it....i have use, ios, android now i am using windows. For Hardware Manufacture date : september 2013 1. 5MP primary Camera good at this price.(no secondary. 8000-9000₹ not to ask for secondary camera) 2. Display is too good.so many people are asking than brightness is not good and all that...but its nice,not a single issue. 3. Battery is good. For normal use.like whatsapp,line,fb,ect not for gaming like temple run. For Normal day to day uses. 4. So many people are also asking for 1 GB ram. But keep in mind if your processor it self not able to run high end games than what your ram will do.speed of operation is depend on how many app you have install and running in background. So with dual core 512 MB ram is enough. Actually ram is used for raw data to save temporary. Its faster the data access time compare to memory card. The data that are used in regular interval are saved in ram. Like for game. 5. 1GHz dual core processor. Excellent at this price. 6. External memory card slot And 8gb internal in which user have 4.4GB approx. memory for user. All other are used by apps and system files. 7.camera key,volume up down,power key,3 touch buttons (back,start,search) no backlight and at this price not needed. 8.speaker is loud and clear. 9.vibrator is not to hard...means the soft smooth feel. 10.call quality is too good. Not single issue. 11.charger,data cable are good. 12 headset is not good. Bass effect is missing..you will feel like you are listening to radio on 100₹ device. 9/10 for hardware. For software 1.Os: windows 8 amber default( you don't have to update you phone.) 2.tiles are too good. 3. Fluid responsive screen and os.like butter. 4.animations are too good. 5. No filemanager. but, if you want to delete the video ,music pictures than you can do it. Actually file manager is replace with music+video app and photos.you can copy data from you windows 8 to phone.what ever the extension.because the default phone is in mass storage mode. You can also go for the windows phone software for mac and windows. 6.music app you can direct access from volume key.its nice 7. Flip to silence is nice. 8.you can install some app if you need shortcut for wifi,bluetooth,etc in windowsphone store app name "conectivityshortcuts","battery" both have shortcut. 9.here map is offline and nice app not good as google map or apple map. For Here map first you need to download offline map or else use online. 10.i live this feature "transfer my data". I have my old phone nokia e71 and all i want is my contact. Now not to worry more about how to do it and all that...just open this app,start bluetooth in old phone.and pair both the device.it will collect contacts,photos and even all you inbox msg. 11.internet explorer is little bit slower...so you can go for some third party app like uc browser.but after opening full page you can scroll up down zoom everything is smooth. 12.in built office good.but if you need to change certain things like some word or mistakes. 13. Keyboard interface is smaller.but when you use it. You will never face any problem.if you are beginner than may be you have problem at starting but in 4 day you will get grip on keyboard. 14.themes are too colour full i loved the interface with different colour. 15.switching betweens apps is too good just press and hold the back button and to close app press back button. For software 8.5/10 Major need of notification control,and speed access shortcut inbuilt in windows 8. But if we look for overall rating at this price range 9/10 for lumia 520.
This is a good phone. But it gets hot pretty quick. It has a silky smooth user interface touch screen which is very enjoyable. it is very robustly built. slipped it more than five times but still holds good. immediately go for a full screen scratch guard. Do not let the phone go to low battery, it has the tendency to get struck with blue screen of death(BSOD) and spinning cog wheels. Then it has to be taken to a service center to be flashed, which will erase all data stored. Luckily there is back up in the form of sky drive. i have faced this problem twice. the online gps of nokia is inferior to android based google maps, but the offline here maps are absolutely amazing, though not extremely updated. New laid roads diversions are not recognized by here drive so be very careful. on the plus side it even has the 3d images of important buildings on the way. Battery back up is good. Buy this one and you wont regret it.
I bought this phone for my wife who is not that gadget savvy and wanted a "smartphone" where she can check facebook, whatsapp and her emails. It turns out to be a fantastic buy at 8000/- odd bucks. Nice lightweight and cute phone. Good display and nice touch screen. Camera is OKAY not over the top. You have most of the day to day apps. However Windows has to do lot of catching up with Android and Apple. However I don't deny that it is a good phone and value for money. I have a Galaxy note 2 for myself as I love heavy duty games and love to watch movies and youtube on the go. Don't expect a great performance at that front from this small phone. However this is a "phone" which is good for people who don't want high funda stuff and looking for a good smartphone to start with.
A great phone, fully satisfied......for the price I could have expected no better...bought one for my mother who is not that smart phone savy...but she is loving it... the only issue though is that its smart cam feature is not good in low light...but the normal camera works good even in moderate and low light situations...Windows need to upgrade and incorporate more easy swipe down type of shortcuts and the like..... Overall a gr8 gr8 Smart phone at this price.....and flipkart's service was real smooth....GO FOR THIS ONE GUYS......
Windows needs to work a lot to match with Android... If you are planning to purchase this phone, please compare cautiously keeping in mind your requirement.... Good luck
according to my experience. this is an awesome fone.. with many featurtes. Features: 1.powered by dual core snap dragon processor. 2.excellent look 3.HD recording 4.Inbuilt lens. 5.Non scratchable screen. 6.8GB internal. 64 GB exp. 9.slim and comfartable go for it..only missing features are, 1.LED flash 2.Front camera datz all... go for it guys
At the very right time I ditched by blackberry in a exchange offer with this phone and it has everything I wanted. **The death of blackberry**
Lumia 520 is a Good. Considering its rate, it offers a lot than other phone. What i Liked 1. Design - Looks & Feel so classy 2. Good Music System 3. Fast processor and awsome surfing experience (With 3G data plan) 4. Covers all the basic Apps which is required on adaily basis. (No need crib on Google PLay) 5. Here Maps is fast and accurate 6. Light in weight
What can you expect more than they're offering. The Hardware is quality made. As usual the interface is smooth and easy. I'm a user of WP7.5. So WP8 seems easier and even more attractive. Coming to Nokia.. The apps they've been offering make them different from other makers and infact unique.. The camera 5mp does take good pictures but can see the lack of flash. Ram is 512mb can handle things quite well. Screen touch feel has been awesome.. Apps from Nokia like Here Maps,Nokia Music etc.,. works great and the interface is great.. Without any question one can go for this if your budget is below 10,000/-.
You just can't find a phone that gives you more value for money than this one. I use an iPhone 5 and got this for my mom and I actually see that there is almost everything which an iPhone has except its so called snob appeal. Interface is awesome. Appstore is great. Touch is fantastic. Looks are super elegant. And Flipkart's service is commendable.
520 actually a pure windows phone which defeated the android o.s. awesome touch sensitivity , cam superb , 10 out of 10
i am using lumia for a week i am pepped up by using it ' its a super phone with low cost and great features i prefer lumia 520 than 510 coz it has many features much equal to 920 except LED flash windows is a mind blowing OS its cool
I booked nokia Lumia 520 on 21 oct and got the delivery on 24 oct Just an awesome phone in exchange.It has super sensitive screenwith 1 GHz processor and 512 ram which is quite fast
the issues i have faced while using this phone are : 1) bluetooth functionality doesnt work fine. if u ask ur friend to send u images u have to wait till all the images retrieved and u have to tap on "Tap to view". Incase if u dont do whatever has been trasferred via bluetooth to u wud be lost. its really frustrating.... 2) u cant upload videos to watsapp/Hike or any messaging applications... 3) there is no file manager. even if u have pdfs and word documents in ur sd card ,ull not be able to view it unless its in ur phone memory 4)mobile gets switched off automatically and u need to remove the battery to switch on , Apart from these , Rest all features works fine and amazing........
This phone is amazing,its worth buying and below 10k Nokia is providing tremendous features which is unexpectable. Also thanks to Microsoft who has done brilliant work on Mobile OS and best is Office suit. -Look &Feel is best at its class, touch is amazing,, -only bit concern about the music..but i think that's not a matter.. Its far better than any Android phone(worst). Thanks to FlipKart who slashed the price and delivered before the time schedule. I dont want to go by tech specification,b'cuz every one is Smart now.!! At last Thanks to Nokia...Microsoft....& FlipKart.............
Totally satisfied by the service of Flipkart. Regarding Lumia520: Amazing phone with appealing look.100% go for it.My friend now going for this instead of samsung. At 8K , this is the best in market.
Windows Phone is not giving Softwares for free, also Android mob were buggy whenBrand integeration happens. Lumia 520 is worth buying running smooth with IPS display but if you put more money i mean above 12k,it is waste of spending money in windows due to software lackage. So LUMIA 520 is best in windows mobile. Pros: 1.IPS display 2.Dual Core processor 3.Good camera at out door 4.No hangs with very smooth UI 5.Facebook integeration 6.RAM with ROM Cons # No flash # No Software while comparring with Android market
the product having amazing picture quality ,and touch features are too good overall good performance, nice look,smooth finish,high quality head set,and easy to use
Nokia giving discount on MRP of the phones. They are actually fooling people. One star for the bad bad offer.
I BOUGHT THIS PHONE ON 19TH OCT,2013. IT IS BEING MY THIRD HAND SINCE IT CAME. I'D LIKE TO THANK FLIPKART.COM FOR THEIR QUICK DELIEVERY & PACKAGING. BUT I DISAPPOINTED SLIGHTLY WITH NOKIA FOR THE ABSENCE OF FLASH & READY TO MAKE A MICRO-SIM. YES, I TRIED TO CUT MY REGULAR SIM INTO MICRO-SIM. AFTER THAT TRYING, MY SIM HAS BEEN USE-LESS. THEY HAVE CONSIDER NORMAL SIM CARD, WHICH IS MOST PREFERABLE BY INDIANS . . . OVER ALL NICE EXPERIENCE . . .
2 days through. Thanx flipkart. Keep up the good work! Coming to the phone,now this is an awesome phone given the price tag guys. Lets not do it injustice by comparing it to 10k plus phones. I owned a galaxy s2 prior to it n loved it equally. I went 4 Lumia 520 coz I simply didnt like the idea of buying an android phone below 10k. Also, because i liked the fluidity of a friend's Lumia 620. I must give it to Nokia 4 such a great product. Stil completely new to windows and experimenting and discovering and all that lol. 4 those of you who are contemplating buying one yourself, go ahead buddy, this kid's a real value for money (led flash aint that important unless u need to use it as flashlight regularly lol).
this is a cheapest windows phone....anyone who has a budget of 8k can go for this phone... never hangs and lags and the picture quality is awesome..bt its somewhat complicated to use for beginners bt still its a good one...supports hd video and has nokia smartcam which is a cool app...music player is too good..flipkart got this delivered before time...so if anyone need a windows phone for around 8k then i would recommend lumia 520..
To start with, this is a good entry level Windows phone which has most of the features embedded within it. Worth every rupee spent on this phone and a good one for people looking for a good phone in this price range. Last but not the least, got the phone delivered 2 days before the deadline.... this was good as usual.
Believe me, Lumia 520 IS the best budget smartphone available in the market equipped with powerful features that most of the phones lack. PROS: 1. Dual Core processor 2. Inbuilt MS Office 3. Super sensitive touch screen 4. Long lasting battery 5. Responsive User Interface 6. Fast Internet (YES) 7. Ease of use 8. Ease in holding the device 9. Awesome camera supported by inbuilt camera apps. 10. Beautiful bubblegum colors 11. Powerful OS CONS: 1. No flash Please do not buy phones (any) just by looking at the 'number' of features it has or the number of 'free' apps it has. Always go for the 'quality' of features and performance of the device.
Far better than any android phone under 10K . .complete value for money.. lack of google apps is the only disadvantange.
the disadvantage of the phone is no front cam difficult to video chat in skype with back cam . except that this is phone is awesome..
I just received the phone...first off I really have to say flipkart has exceeded expectations...I received delivery of this phone within 24 hours....thats super fast!!! Kudos!! Having used andriod and blackberry...I will admit that the Windows phone takes a little getting used to....I was a little disappointed to know that the windows phones doesnt support hangouts (gtalk) but i guess its only expected.... Having said that....the phone itself is quite smooth and fluid....have been playing around with it for an hour now and to be honest I believe within the price range this phone is absolutely fabulous!
This is an exellent smartphone..with 1GHz Dual Core processor,7GB Skydrive memory,5 MP Camera, Scratch Resistant screen,WP8 OS......the only missing thing is ...FLASHLIGHT........ But its an exellent affordable smartphone....
A decent phone with good applications. Got the one with amber update. The phone is pretty fast and does not appear to lag. Flipkart delivery and service was also good. They committed on 17 and delivered on 12th i.e. just 3 days.
I am using this mobile since 1 month. everything fine with it. But not able to save contacts in sim MAJOR PROBLEM : Not able to play all video formats with basic player which is built in it. to play videos we should pay 160rs for player...... watching videos is a basic thing, but for that basic thing also windows is not providing video player.....Worst thing....
it does have radio. very good imaging software and all essential and useful apps. nokia maps, especially in India is the best available, much better than google. anddd..... it does not require mobile data to track ! download it once for your city and you can use it based on cell phpne tower. no data connection required! instead of going for quad core karbbon or samsung. this dual core is an option smart people make. sadly, not many out there ;)
using this smart phone for few months.ill give a brief review of its pros and cons pros: .good battery stand by .super fast performance .no lag at all .simply stylish .worthy phone at this cost .maps support are really usefull and stunning .offline maps cons: .poor app support .no frequent updates .cheap and sleazy headset .poor camera .call quality is louder and blasting .most of apps in app store are placebo apps conclusion : it's just an utility-smart fone for daily use..if you are App-hungry then this phone is not apt for you better skip it.
I am an android lover . But , after using this I've totally become a WP lover. I didn't buy it from the Flipkart. Bought it from a local shop for ₹9000. Fell in love with the first look. Sleek and sexy. Talking about the UI, best in the mobile market (excluding other lumias).?. Nokia has given the best apps for its Camera. Even a baby can take pro shots?. Now let me go for the pros and cons. PROS: 1. All the essential apps are pre installed and will be automatically updated. 2. UI 3. Silky Smooth Touch Screen 4. Other things you usually read on this mobile's review. 5. Gaming . No words to explain.! 6. Zero percent lag CONS: 1. None of the mid-high end or high end gaming is free. I expected this, but, every platformer game does cost some penny. 2. Large size games cannot be downloaded with your mobile network, it requires wifi. (I am not a "wifi" kind of user). 3. You should download UC Browser for free music downloads. Otherwise 3rd party torrent app is available. 4. Camera's picture quality is quite disappointing for a 5MP camera. (on android devices, 2MP is enough to take a high quality clicks. 5. Battery backup also is disappointing , but you cannot get this kind of backup in an android device with a 1430mAh battery. And you cannot expect more than this for a budget phone. 6. Finally , Customization. If you want a daily customization don't go for this device. That's all I can find in this device. Thanks for reading.
The best phone you can get for this price range. It has all the features that one needs in a phone for this price. All those bad reviewrs dont know how to use a LUMIA 520! Go for this set without hesitation... it wont disappoint u!! :)
Bought this as a second phone, replacing my Galaxy S2. That phone was acting up lately, with pathetic battery life of less than 12 hours, even on a newly replaced genuine Samsung battery. Ever since Jelly Bean, it started to suck. I use the Nokia 808 PureView as my primary smartphone, and wanted to use a secondary phone for my business number. And was looking for good battery life, so android was out. Then I got my eyes on this gem of a phone here. Bought it and what can I say, I'm lovin' it! The battery life is pretty awesome, it's super smooth and snappy. And it's got all the apps I'll ever need. The looks are pretty nice, the screen viewing angles could have been better. But it's still quite good. The loudspeaker is awesome, it's so damn loud. And the camera is decent. Do yourself a favor, skip on Android and go buy this for you.
I have been using this phone for 4 months now.. it is simply awesome... best hardware n os. Stable os with good multitasking. No hangs no lags whatsoever.. Updated to GDR-2 i.e. Amber update. New features like FM radio, data sense and much more. nokia is back in the game. Way better than cheap android phones.
I used this product, and tell you its very impressive , Good Looking , super sensetive Touch, and Quality Product from NOKIA. Very User Friendly User InterFace, wifi speed is good, and best part is camera, though its without flash but quality is superb in daylight, in night also its good with setting up night mode. @ this price its very fabulos product please go for it.......
Been an avid android user and let me make it clear that after using this lumia, am never going back. Ever since i cracked my Samsung Galaxy S advanced, i had been desperate to get a new one. As i walked into the store, my eyes fell on this cute lil guy, up in a shelf. Let me tell you that the salesmen throughout the nation arent that keen on pitching a Windows phone. Well, microsoft should address this issue. Now, i decided to give Nokia a try, and thus landed up with this phone. And it has been a marvelous experience since the past 2 months. Never once has it lagged, the OS is completely refreshing and fluid. I neednt lecture you about the specs, you'd know that well by now. The display is good in layman terms. The battery stretches for half a day in moderate usage, thats what you'd get for any android too, mind you. 512MB RAM is way capable of handling the system, unlike androids. The graphics are cool enough for the cash invested. Call reception is good, social media integration is awesome. Internet experience is exciting too. But it is quite lame that IE doesnt allow users to directly download videos and music. Well, you can bypass it via "UC BROWSER". NOKIA MUSIC subscription is really awesome! I hav quit trying to download pirated songs. Why go over such a lengthy process when its available in the store? APP STORE is a lil behind android, i do admit. But considering its newness and secure nature, almost tons of the basic and important apps have already made it in, the rest are on the way! Games arent something i felt below par. But it does have some awesome, jaw-breaking stuff packed in. Camera is nifty and cool, considering the 5MP, packs quite a punch. Overall, its a stylish and superb phone with a fluid and refreshing OS! Am totally in love with Windows Phone 8 and i recommend the same. Give it a try for a week, neglect the boors of android fans and see for yourself. I won a white 1, but i'd recommend a black too if you are going to buy an extra back cover. Have fun :-)
I am very much satisfied with my new Nokia Lumia 520. It is very good in every field. The greatest advantage I could find is that I could transfer all the data's contacts, photos and messages at a glance from old phone to new Nokia Lumia. Nokia Lumia connects itself with the old phone through bluetooth and all datas are transferred. Moreover the seller J.P.Deals is good. They have sent me a good product but the packaging needs more improvement. Overall I am a satisfied customer, got the product within 4 days (booked on 15th Sept and received on 19th Sept'2013).
Hi, One month back i bought this model and touch is good. But. Phone is getting restarted automatically when phone is in idle state. I observed this issue 3 nights continuously. Battery is coming ~30 hrs only even you are not using more battery eatable applications. -Jegathesh
best windows 8 phone ever good looking with smooth finishig good quality of display best user interference windows 8 comfortable to everyone good battery life easy to get any stuff from pc or download from net best thing is that it comes with office and last product of Nokia
I wouldn't say that this is super phone with awesome config. I really didnt look at that but then when I bought it I was really looking to get something that would be smart enough and yet simple enough for a friend. It really worked. For someone, who takes time to learn an automatic washing machine, she really picked this up super fast. And she loves it, clicks photos, shares and reads up stuff online and is really enjoying herself here. She says, ' I am trying to smart as my phone ' and giggles about it the whole time. Now planning to buy another one for my mom. Real value for money.
I have purchased this Nokia Lumia 520 from Flipcart. First of all awesome price and deal from them and a fantastic delivery within 36 hrs. Lumia 520 is the best phone available in the market at 10000/- range. Very fast processor, camera quality is awesome,FB features are great,with i e 10 browsing is the best,supports many thing like android,push mail is very good one can set up more than 1 push mail,ms office is just like pc,sound quality is very impressive and many other good things are available. I have to say the battery back up is not up to the mark if u do use this phone for mailing,chatting or listening music u have to charge it twice in a day,another thing is problematic u cant charge it in switch off mode it will automatically turn on while charging. Except this things this is total Paisa wasol phone a 5 star phone.
Initially I was a bit hesitant in placing the order since FK has become a market place. However, after checking out the reviews of different sellers, I decided to to buy Nokia Lumia 520 from WS Retail. It turned out to be a good experience as far as the product delivery, packing, ease of purchase etc, is concerned. The product was delivered super fast in less than 48 hours. As far as the review of the product is concerned, I think it is too early to say anything as I am yet to start using it, and out there are tons of reviews about Nokia Lumia 520 that will help others to take suitable decision
good animation effects nothing more than that.. there are sooooooooo many backdrops in this OS. there is no file browser in windows phone soo u can never upload a file to gmail from ur phone except photos..
this smart phone has better than samsung so many features and very good touching capacity i recommended to buy this smartphone very lovely pis is this you pass you time in this device other all samsung device has only big screen and same android so bored time to change i like windows now my best reccomended product is only and only ( HTC, LG, NOKIA, SONY,) thanks friends if you like my review please like it thanks again
As usual Flipkart was at its best I received this phone within 24 hours of the order. I am using this phone for more than a month and what I found is this phone gave me more than what I have expected as far as hardware is concerned. Even with 512MB RAM this phone works very nicely. Even very high end graphic games like Royal Revolt, Six-Guns, Halo works so smoothly that I have never seen that king of smoothness in any of Samsung and Xperia phones costing 18k. Since many people in my family owns Samsung and Xperia phones around 18k-24k. A very good battery life anyhow better than any android phone. Good operating system. In short it is the best performing phone as far as hardware is concerned around this range. Nokia music is very good you can get any possible song on it to download on your phone. Sound quality is also good. Cons are more than those of Pros: 1) Low light imaging is not that good ( What do you want in 10k mobile, buy camera than a phone ) 2) Yo cant share Videos by any means like on whats app and by Bluetooth ( Cant upload videos from memory card ) 3) No inbuilt file manager 4) In Box- head phones are very bad, worst headphones I have ever herd from. 5) Not everything is free. ( Expecting more free things since now Microsoft owns the company) 6) Bad interface for playing music. Creating a playlist on the phone is like hell of the experience, even we cant add more songs to already saved playlist. I don't know what was Microsoft thinking. Except Point number 2,3,6 on the cons I can bear everything, So gave the phone 4 Star. Expecting updates soon from Microsoft.
Amazing Dual Core processor and 512mb ram makes your mobile work extra smooth...temple run works smoothly.8 gb of internal memory makes it more cool...decent 5mp camera with HD video recording...definitely worth the price...Apps are now in bulk in windows, atleast you could find all useful apps here...Nokia's best in class apps like here maps, here drive,nokia music,camera apps,etc. adds to the awesomeness of this mobile...Nokia and Windows is definitely future of smartphones...great job Nokia n great price!!!
Well-built, good-looking phone .. But, on coming to the software front, it disappoints totally .. Windows Phone gives you a feel that you are in a jail .. Apps in the store are the outdated versions (as compared to Android) and the native apps are suited for children .. There is NO FILE MANAGER ! Internet Browsing is such a headache .. NO FORWARD BUTTON in IE 10 .. UC BROWSER is crippled due to Windows Phone's restrictions !! YOU WILL FREQUENTLY NEED TO CONNECT TO PC TO TRANSFER YOUR FILES FROM PHONE MEMORY TO THE SD CARD !! Camera is good ( but, not 'that' good ) Phone gets heated up near the camera region on using some heavy apps and games .. Overall, this is not a 'complete' phone just due to Windows Phone OS .. People who'll find it good, would be the ones who want to keep things simple and not worry where their photos/music/videos etc. get stored or which things are occupying how much space .. And, yeah, it's not just the lack of apps, it's the lack of even basic features in Windows Phone OS .. Also, you cannot set different sound levels for music and call tone, etc. That means if you set the volume at 'ZERO' while playing a game, and, then forget to increase it, you won't hear a tone alert if someone calls you .. And, those who get swayed by news reports that Lumia 520 is on rise should also know that most of the buyers of this phone are first-time smartphone users .. So, a nice hardware crippled by a poor software ..
I bought this phone from flipkart, nothing can beat flipkart's timely delivery system. After using the phone for 1 month, i felt... Look wise phone is really good. Screen and sensitivity superb. Camera quality is good. Most of the required apps are available in store but, owing to the fact wp 8 OS and its apps are still in developing stage, some of the apps get crashed while using. I feel this problem might get resolved in coming days. Single volume control for everything is irritating, sometimes volume control doesn't work while listening music. But it starts working if phone is restarted. Not possible to view folders and files in memory card, can not view any unsupported file in phone or card. And its not possible create any folder on your own to segregate your favorite music, files etc.. If you can adjust with some of these problems in phone, then the phone is really superb.
Lumia 520 is best windows phone for business ....handling very friendly... See one time before buy an any other mobile, I honestly say as lumia520 is my understanding friend.... manikandaraj.............
Dear Readers, I had a plan to buy a new mobile and I was very much interested in htc 'C' or Nokia lumi 520, but htc c is an old model and 520 is new. I had gone through many reviews from flipkart as well as gsmarena and i was little confused which mobile i should buy.. I went to croma retail shop and tested both the phone and i was really surprised with lumia 520, such a beautiful phone in low price.. very sharp and rich display.. camera is good but not great..but better than xperia M.. touching sense is superb..video quality is amazing..very handy.. if u take the phone in your hand u feel something great..Thanks nokia for such a great phone in very low price.. Thanks..
Hi, I am writing this review, because I have bought this phone based on the reviews and comments of fellow buyers on this thread, and I feel its my duty to post my view so that it could be helpful to others. I bought this phone (Lumia 520) 2 days back, and I have to tell you that I am extremely pleased with the phone and am enjoying its usage. The Windows Phone-8 OS is very good and I like the interface and UI. I had been using the Apple Iphone (ver 2) before, and after switching to this OS, I enjoy playing around with this new UI and look. The operations are smooth and neat, ..performance-wise its definitely worth more than what we pay for. I hope this experience continues for a loong time, and for many more years to come. My suggestion..Go BUY!.
i saw all futures are good and worth for money ,its new experience with this mobile.i found all applications which i needed but i not found Google talk aap , i want one help now , is google talk works on nokia lumina 510
The latest phone I have bought for myself is the Nokia Lumia 520 as I needed a break from the monotonous Android and wanted to try Windows Phone OS. The phone has come as a breeze of rejuvenating air and instilled great interest and excitement in me. First of all, my phone has a sturdy and sleek polycarbonate design that fits comfortably in my hand. It comes in attractive snap-on covers of cyan, red, yellow, black and white colours that effortlessly display my style and attitude. I have taken a liking for the tiled interface that the OS brings to the table. One of the first things I’ve noticed in the phone is its display and to sum it up in one word: gorgeous. My Lumia 520 sports a 4 inch LCD capacitive touchscreen with a resolution of 1280 800 x 480 pixels which provides superior viewing angles and colour rendition. The phone also flaunts Nokia’s ClearBlack technology that provides me enhanced contrast and legibility even in direct sunlight. The screen also sports PureMotion HD+ which is a combination of HD display, super-sensitive screen and a super-fast display. The 5 MP PureView camera takes blur-free pictures even in low-light conditions as optical image stabilization (OIS) compensates for the shaking of hands and provides longer exposures. I have now found a permanent replacement to my digital camera. Speaking of video recording, the phone has kept me in awe always as it can shoot videos in 720p. With OIS sensor capability, it greatly reduces the shakiness that is visible in smartphones these days. Nokia has been working real hard on its app store and has come up with some interesting ones over time. PeopleHub goes beyond an ordinary address book as it is a one-stop shop that keeps me up to date with my social networks and connected with the people I care most about. MS Office often acts as my office on the go as I can view and edit important Word and Excel files on the go. Nokia Drive gives me turn by turn voice guided navigation for effortless driving experience and that too without any data usage. Now that takes the cake as well as the cherry on top for me. Other cool apps to look for are Nokia Music, Nokia HERE, City Lens and Cinemagraph among many other. My Lumia 520 is powered by a 1 GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 processor, 512 MB of RAM and an Adreno 225 GPU that let me play graphics intensive games, watch HD videos in conjunction with chatting all at an unparalleled level of performance without the slightest of glitch. The phone comes with 8 GB of onboard memory sufficient to save my songs, games, apps and multimedia without running out of storage. The 7 GB of free SkyDrive storage is another important aspect as I mostly use it to backup my important stuff. Best of all my Nokia Lumia 520 is environment friendly. The material used is free of PVC, contains recycled metals and is free of nickel on the product surface. It also comes with an automatic screen brightness adjustment and battery saver feature, so I know I am doing my part for the environment.
Bought this phone a couple of days back for 8.9k. the experience has been positive so far Pros : 1) Screen looks really good and the colors are bright/ 2) Amazing touch screen. I was using a samsung galaxy prior to buying this mobile and touch is better than the galaxy. 3) Sound quality through earphones are pretty good. much better than my galaxy. Lumia music player is very basic with no equalizer. 3) User interface : an absolutely no nonsense UI. Looks good and smooth. Cons : 1) Buttons gives you cheap plastic feel. especially the power button and camera button are not great. Most of the people are apprehensive about windows mobile because of lack of apps but after migrating from android i don't miss it at all. most of apps which one would tend to use daily can be found on windows mobile too. Guys one word of advice. I had a regular sim however this phone uses a micro sim. at the sheer excitement of trying the new phone i tried to cut the sim using scissors myself which was a bad idea. Sim is not working anymore. Please get your sim cutting job done by a mobile repair guy.
Product: --------------------- Pros: *Great build quality. *Large screen size. *Awesome OS with quality Nokia Apps Preloaded *Several Color options :) *Easy on pocket for just Rs 8819 :) *Good Battery Cons: none so far
First of all, I am fully satisfied with the hardware. But, there are several features missing or bugs to be resolved. Some of those are No separate audio control for music player and ringtone Music player becomes slow if the playlist has more than 500 songs Sometimes, the song names are duplicated in the library
Pros: 1.Great Display 2. Excellent Camera 3. Nice features to take a snap 4. Easy To Use 5. Good Battery Back-Up 6. Great Touch Sensitivity Cons: 1.Cannot control volume for different apps 2. Call Log is hopeless 3. Heats up when using too many apps. But in the end a windows8 phone with 5 mp camera and awesome display and scratch resistant screen. What more do u want in Rs 9.5k
Its very nice mobile.for this price its very good. Pros: 1)Its windows 8 2)Below 10k price 3)4 inch 4)its Nokia Cons: 1)No Flash 2)Battery draining a bit fastly 3)some times wifi disconnecting, if we went more than 100 feet(its not problem with my router) 4)If u r using first time windows OS in mobile, u will feel like a restrictions with windows like search engine only bing(default), login mail id only live.com lke these.. OVER ALL GOOD MOBILE.!
#Processor The processing is very good 4.5*/5..... The touch is awesome 5*/5.... #Display The display according to the size is great i.e. 800x400 with IPS display (many criticized but I liked it) 4.5*/5..... #Camera Camera is not so good, also the photos taken at low light are not crisp and also there is no flash. But the major thing is that there is no front camera which means no video conferencing which is a big loss. But some other features like Smartshoot, and numerous many more have given this phone a great response. 3.5*/5 #Battery backup If you are a workaholic person this phone is great for you. If used in low settings the phone works fine till 18-22 hrs. 4.5*/5 #Key features For a business person this is a really handy phone.... (Document Viewer, Pushmail (Mail for Exchange, Active Sync), Adobe Acrobat Reader, Office (PDF, Excel, Word, Powerpoint, OneNote), SkyDrive Storage for Documents and Notes) are some great features. 5*/5 #Gaming When it comes to gaming it is bit disappointing. Temple Run is not smooth. Also the Nokia Store is not having the games as compared to android. Eventually there are great games in the store but they are not for free. You will get bored soon. Also Win 8 does not support the android games. 2*/5 #Value for money The price is only 9K... Which is the biggest bonus ever. It has a really terrefic value for money. 5*/5 It's a great phone for the business and workaholic people, but if you are a gaming fan this will dissapoint you.
I was using an Android phone before. Had an Xperia X10i. Had loads of issues with this android device. Android platform was so slow, it could not even let my phone perform the most basic operation a phone is supposed to do i.e. make calls and receive calls. It would take for ever just to open the dial pad, specially when you need it the most. Well, you name a problem, I am sure you can find it there. It was like, living in an era, of Pentium computers or even before that. Before, buying this, I had a feeling, that WP 8 is boring. No desktop. Not much apps. But, after I started using it. I just love whatever it has to offer. Love the OS style. I was bored with Android style. Different look, and amazingly fast. In this price range, whatever android phone you will buy, you would regret in less than 6 months. If you love android, go for Samsung tab 2 or 3, or Note II or any other high end device. But if you are looking for a fast phone, which takes care of your day to day requirement, the way you always expected, like surfing, listening songs, making and receiving calls, even playing games (smooth), watching videos, facebook, you just name it. Works like a charm... So, if you don't want to spend too much money on a phone, this z the best option available in the market right now. At last, I was disappointed just with Flipkart's service this time. For the first time, it came 4 days after the promised delay date crossed.
i purchased Lumia 520 on 10th Aug...from Nokia Priority...it costs lil bit high. let me tell you it the best phone in the range of 10000k. earlier i was thinking of buying Galaxy or Experia E.also my friends suggested too. but i checked all the rewiew that changed my mind. Pros. Screen clarity iss too gud. also 5gb user memory available.u won't find this in other brand till 12000k. camera is superb..flash should be there. Apps and games won't lag or hang. Feather touch...i responds very well. Apps and games are less as compared to android but i am satisfied. Nokia Maps is awesome....i feel its better than google.u can navigate in offline mode also. Cons. No Equiliser(but sound output is good) the headphone provided doesn't have good sound i have purchased another. No Flash No Fm...but i will be present in next windows update...not 2 worry. i would suggest 2 go for it....its far better from Android...trust me.
I thank my friend who suggested that I should get Nokia Lumia 520 . It is simply an excellent one. The User Interface is fantastic , the touch screen is very responsive and we can access all the necessary apps very quickly . It's home screen is highly customisable . I love it :)
pakka lumia version :) sensitive touch.. camera clarity super :D out of 5 i would give 4.75.. still learning hw to use this model :) yesterday oly i bought.. i think, it would take 1 week for me to know fully abt 520 ;)
I am using this phone for last three months and I have decided that i will never buy an Android phone anymore. Its just Awsome. It is for those who want to make themselves look different from others. If you have an Android phone worth Rs. 50000 it will still look the same as an Android phone worth Rs. 2500 as for a layman jelly and ice-cream are still the items to eat. It is very good in design and fast in processing. WP store is App rich with apps from both Windows Store and Nokia Store. It is very easy to access any file once become used to it. The email client is much better as expected from Windows and through manual synchronisation it consumes less battery as compared to Android phones. Its a phone with great Camera quality although flash is missing. The quality of the image we capture is fantastic and its features of blink and smart shoot makes photography great fun.
you have send phots and ringtone via bluetooth. I used it for 2 Month many things. Damn Android is so bored. More faster than android phones. New Apps social is very useful we get many apps here. Good looking phone for this price. Im very glad to use the windows phone
I was not sure what to pick Android or Windows phone and then decided to go for it. Its definitely worth it and a class apart from Android. As far as apps limitation I am not sure how true it is because I have found a whole lot of useful apps and am glad I chose to go for Lumia 520.
it has everything u need on smartphone... pro os is very smooth....there no kinds of random reboots..no bluetooth problem...as my friends said about windows phones its plays 1080p videos supebly...its has free games like temple run,fruit ninja etc its camera is good.. i hve no problm with this phone....
A supperbbb product.. Total Value for Money.. Have used android for the last three years and was surprised by the speed of the Windows phone.. .. Great speed ... great animation.. Also the build quality is also great..
I was initially apprehensive about buying a Windows Phone. I was not very sure that it would be user friendly and opinion of many friends and associates did not help at all. Still, after going through the specifications and tech data, I bought it at another online retailer for Rs 8,540 (after discount under a scheme). The phone is simply amazing. The kind of features it offers at this price is unbelievable. The interface is really smooth and working on Windows 8 OS is a treat. There are no hiccups related to data transfer. I realize there are a lot of myths floating around about Windows phone and the the Android is highly over-rated. There are enough apps available on the Windows and Nokia stores. There are many user friendly features which make the phone a joy to operate. The best part is the Here Drive app which is a truly offline navigation system. It comes with pre-installed maps, though you can download fresh also, and there is no need to be online while navigating. I used voice navigation many times and it was as accurate as can be. One let down with the phone are the headphones which come with it. Though the phone has an outstanding player, the headset does not do justice to it. I bought WH-208 from Flipkart and am getting outstanding sound quality. Do not believe the number of misconceptions and myths surrounding the Windows 8 OS. It is really great and the Lumia 520 is a steal at the price it comes at, specially with the array of features it houses.
I was a hardcore android phone user till I lost it. I decided to try Nokia Windows Phone & have no complains. It's got marvelous hardware & software. Very smooth & fast than my previous 30K phone. I agree there are some essential apps still missing in the marketplace, but that is just a matter of time before someone develops it. I am not sure why people dislike it. It's UI is very refreshing from Android & IOS. The 3 months Nokia music subscription that you get for free is awesome. I couldn't believe they had such a huge collection of music Nokia is always known for it's build quality & this phone doesn't let you down. I was little skeptical of buying a windows phone but have started to love it. Good start for Windows, my only hope is they come up with more of the essential apps.
My First phone is nokia 5233 which is a good phone from nokia,and i now buy a lumia520.my friends told me the android is best than Windows 8and i read some reviews supported to android.and i designed to exchange my lumia in a mobile store and i buy LG l5ll (10500)which is android.after the use of three days i really disappointed.the phone runs on jelly been os but dedly slow it exams my peashionce when i connected to net it is not supported my local language (Malayalam)well now i realized android is a balloon with air.i again exchange lg and buy a lumia520 (i lost my rs3000) Advantages of lumia520 1.lumia520 is a good looking phone ,the display is super we can read text under the sun light .touch response is awesome but better control.keyboard is far better than any other android.it supports all languages 2.Nokia made camera with extra care Windows 8gives may photo editting apps we can make our pics awesome like Photoshop. 3.Windows apps One of the argument of android lovers there is no apps in Windows store like play store (android app store) but in market place (windows store)there is sufficient apps for our needs and lot of free.we can get chance to free try of the paid ones .actually Windows 8 platform is new in the ground apps are coming. 4.browser internet explorer 10 is one of the fastest browser in mobile.it supports all languages it can prompt text inputs so spelling not a problem (actually i have very little knowledge in English but this phone encouraged to write a review by prompting) 5.Microsoft Office One of the best business fetchers of this phone is ms office.we can create documents in word ,excell, and powerpoint etc...and edit it in computer wisethewisa we can bring our documents with SkyDrive which is Microsoft's on line storage (8gb free with this phone) 6.live tiles Live tiles are not for gimmicks its working .we can mange our apps faster we can make tiles .we can pin websites to tile and and make shot cuts.lts make our phone live 7.social networking Social networking sites like Facebook run smoothly than any other phones! *you want to browse it is a better phone in this price tag .browser speed is amazing even in 2g. But there is no low quality video player so YouTube videos more buffer than android but good clarity.there is no fm radio but we can play online music smoothly in 2g.
The phone keeps losing signal and there is no way to bring it back unless you reboot the phone. Other than this the phone is good and fast. the camera is good too and it did take pretty good pictures. Giving only 3 star because of the signal issue.
i am a big fan of Nokia mobile phones.this phone has fast access touch.awesome slim look with low weight.all i can say when you have this ,you love this phone. phone has amazing features and easy to access. I am really satisfied with the Delivery Service of Flipkart. I .i received it in 19 hours . The touch is really sensitive. The Globe touch technology is impressive. Its processor is fast and internet browsing with a 3G network is amazing. Those who looking for mobile in a range of 8-10 k I strongly recommend Lumia-520. Windows-8 has definitely gave an advantage to the lifeline of Nokia in the world of Android.
I Love: Awesome Screen Good visibility even in bright sun Super clarity Video recording User Interface The Tiles design I Hate: Not gud signal reception Heating during a long internet usage. No file manager :( Even no gud apps for viewing files :( Overall --- An Awesome Smartphone cant even imagine for this 9.5k price :)
I am really satisfied with the Delivery Service of Flipkart. I ordered on Saturday and got my delivery on Monday. This is my second purchase from Flipkart. I have not yet used the phone properly. But my initial experience about Windows is pretty Good. The touch is really sensitive. The Globetouch technology is impressive. Its processor is fast and internet browsing with a 3G network is amazing. Those who looking for mobile in a range of 8-10 k I strongly recommend Lumia-520. Windows-8 has definitely gave an advantage to the lifeline of Nokia in the world of Android. I will add my review on the sepcs after some use.
I dont want to write any pros and cons. I read many reviews some said it is refereshment if you use windows and some gave many unproductive reasons not to buy it. Let me tell you why you should buy it. 1. Price is in the range of 9500 - 10000. Affordable to everyone. 2. 4 inch screen. 3. Great quality 1 gb dual core processor with 512 MB RAM. Makes it fast it's only slow with 3rd party products not windows store products. 4. More than 1 million free apps in the Store now which are far more better than PlayStore. No repeatations of apps all are original and quality apps. 5. 5 mp camera with HD recording awesome quality. 6. Ease of accessing every app. If you are not able to find any then you can search with name easily. 7. Multiple mail accounts can be created and you can sync all those simultaneosly. 8. 8 gb internal memory and 64 gb expandable memory. You also get 7 gb of virtual memory as Skydrive is there. How much space do you want? If you are not down with all these features in that price go suck Lime Pie, Jelly Bean and Ice Cream Sandwhiches.
I am using my Nokia Lumia 520 for the last 4 months and loved the phone to a great extent. I have used many Android phones so far and the hardest thing I faced is to carry my phone charger all the time and have to search for the charging points all around and Nokia changed the way I use the phone. I use office mail, 2 of my personal mail accounts, Facebook sync, Contacts sync, calender sync, music streaming, YouTube streaming videos all the time on my phone. I am getting a battery backup of about 17 hours of heavy usage and if I switch my internet off I wondered that my phone lasts running for almost 3 days. So nice of Nokia - you made us to trust your brand from the early 3360's and 1100's. Guy's please go for Windows Phone with Nokia and explore it properly before leaving comments and reviews. You won't get questions or doubts on anything. Nokia fixed everything that people need in a smartphone in this small box. TRUST them and feel the happiness instead of crying by buying Battery sucking, Lagging Android Smartphones. A Windows XP OS runs on a PC with 256MB of RAM. Why an Android OS needs GB's of RAM to run a small smartphone....:P Microsoft and Nokia rock's
Hi, After weeks of research I decided to go for Windows 8 platform and for a Lumia 520 and boy..I am absolutely delighted that I took the right step ! I already own an Xperia Android phone hence comparison with Lumia was easy...and definitive too ... Windows is just awesome ... Excellent hardware, beautiful software ...best price..what more can i ask for ? In case you are app hungry..let me tell you..i am not that kind who wants tons of crap apps or games..i really dont have time for all this. What i needed was a solid, multifunctional , budget smartphone...and nokia lumia 520 supremely delivers me that experience.
Windows Phone has just jolted the Android Phones and believe me you will never regret a windows phone buy (v .8.0) What you see in the specifications is what you get so no cons Flipkart has not delivered the product on promised time but once in 10 deliveries can be understood
Its my great pleasure to share my review regarding the Nokia Lumia 520 I was searching for a phone as a gift for my sister on her bday. Started the search a month back which included several android phones(SONY,HTC,SAMSUNG,LG). I was not ever considering the WP8 since it was not even there in my search list. One fine day i just checked one of my friend's Lumia 620 and was amazed to see the performance of the phone. The touch screen was so swift & smooth and the main thing that attracted me is the GUI of WP8 (but should mention that once upon a time i was baffled and vexed with my Nokia c6-05 and Nokia 500-for it poor touch screen and performance). We all were using the android over and over despite of the versions and the WP8 was a pleasant treat for the eyes. So then i decided i will go with Nokia Lumia. -I ordered the product on 22nd of july and got the product delivered on 24th afternoon(HATZ OFF to flipkart express delivery as always). -Though it a entry level phone for WP8 it is definitely a good choice for budget seekers with all the basic options(should say i step ahead than basic options,plus Flipkart is giving 8gb Micro SDHC) -Pros:everything is PROS about this phone right now >Phone performance is awesome with the 1GHZ Krait Dual Processor >Camera works pretty decent for outdoor shots(no flash-but not worried) >Touch response is superb,no lag or hang issues >Sound quality is not bad-average but no so good >Display and the WP8 GUI really rocks,battery life pretty decent with average usage >Supports whatz app,skype and many more apps from Windows store -Cons:no CONS till date (if any will update it-except for the apps support like in android from play store,but not worried coz Windows Store will come up with more apps in the future,i believe) So Guyz for wot u r waiting for..GO GRAB A LUMIA..since ITZ TIME TO KILL THE MYTH REGARDING WP8(not my words-copy cat work from a review)
I bought this product from a local reseller at rupees 9,800 on 17th July. this phone is probably the best phone under 16k from Nokia. from its body to its software to its practical use, this is A PHONE WHICH MAKES A STATEMENT. here is a detailed review for those geeks and for the common man. THE BOX AND FIRST LOOK- the phone is neatly packed in a quality box, on a first look it looks better than nokia lumia 620. compared to higher nokia lumias it may look small but let me tell you its more reliable than a Samsung galaxy S3 and maybe even S4. PROS- #BODY PLASTIC IS GOOD QUALITY AND NOT GLOSSY. #SCREEN COLOR IS GOOD AND BRIGHTNESS IS OKAY #CAMERA IS 5MP AND SHOOTS GOOD VIDEOS AND PHOTOS IN DAYLIGHT. #WINDOWS 8 IS A MORE STABLE AND PLEASANT SOFTWARE. #BATTERY LIFE IS FEESABLE FOR 15 HOURS OF RIGOUROUS USAGE AND RECHARGES VERY FAST #RELIABLE AND DURABLE BODY, HAVE DROPPED IT 5 TIMES AND HASENT GOT A CRACK OR BIG SCRATCH. #NO LAGS OR HANGING(till now atleast) #INTERNET USAGE AND GAMES AND APPS WORK VERY GOOD. #RUNS APHALT 7 LIKE BUTTER. #CHANGABLE COLORS AND BACKSIDE PLASTIC COMPLETELY FOR UNDER RS.500. #SUPER SENSITIVE TOUCH, WORKS WITH A BLUNT PENCIL AND GLOVES TOO. #awesome price!!!! #sound is perfect and loud #NOKIA MUSIC PROVIDES ALL SONGS AND ORIGINALS FOR FREE AND UNLIMITED DOWNLOADS ON THE DEVICE FOR 3 MONTHS. CONS- *no compass sensor *no flash *no front camera *lack of apps on windows. *no gmail, google docks, google +, ymail, google maps, google navigation and google translate, though there are 3rd party apps which provide them. *no widgets *No radio *screen could be more sharper conclusion: if you are finding a phone with great quality, brand and performance then take this, it will surely impress you. top rivals: micromax canvas 2, micromax canvas 2 plus, Samsung galaxy s duos and karbonn smart series.
This phone is stunning. The looks, the speed, every fricking thing. I am very much impressed. So many features and it all comes for a price of Rs.9330! That is soooo cool! If you're looking for a mobile that's under 10k, this IS the one you should buy. I'm telling you, you won't regret. Lumia 520's 1GHzDual sore processor is THE most awesome thing about it. This also comes with a RAM of 512 MB which is quite good for it's price. Every app/game on the windows app store works smoothly on this(eg. Temple Run, Dredd vs. Zombies) You also get a 3 month free subscription to BIGFLIX and Nokia music. Also the Nokia HERE app is too good. You just have to download the maps from nokia maps. There are only two things that bothers me: 1) The camera doesn't have a flash( Come on! It has a 5MP camera.. you should've put a flash there) 2) The brightness of the screen is dim compared to Lumia 720. If these two things doesn't bother you, then I would say, GO FOR IT! It's worth your money.
Well as I researched Lumia 520 is the best purchase within 10k. References are digit, gogi review, etc. Now, the pros are-- the quality is at the best, brand nokia, best camera phone in its category/ its 5MP can beat 8MP of micromax, 512MB RAM & 1GHz dual core QUALCOMM snapdragon processor ( micromax offers low on cost MEDIATEK processors), records videos at 720p resolution & plays 1080p smoothly (trick.. As this device donot supports flv & mkv formats try by changing ddddd.mkv to ddddd.mp4 favourably it plays), scratch- resistant one piece IPS screen, unlimited download from nokia music, win 8 is very very stable and light ( consumes less of RAM) than android, GPS locks in 5 seconds for navigation purpose this phone is fully packed, windows store must be said very very extensive if not compared to android's, battery lasts a day on moderate usage, 8 GB skydrive space, there are no bugs in windows store bcoz every app is tested before launching ( not so in android- android got hanging, virus & bugs problems quite frequently, NOTE ANDROID IS AN OPEN SOFTWARE LIKE VLC PLAYER, MOZILLA BROWZER, UTORRENT DOWNLOADER ETC THEREOF SUFFERS LOW STABILITY ALTHOUGH HIGH USABILITY). cons????????? no camera flashlight so cant shoot in dark, no secondary camera so no video calling possible, heavy gamers may not satisfy with windows store, donot have file manager although u would not feel the need windows phones are most suited to corporate professionals and all moderate users including kids, students etc and donot offers heavy android gaming. Thanks yall Best wishes for your purchase
hey guys, this is the best phone you can have for this price range. L 520 comes with excellent display and beautiful design. But a little carelessness will put in trouble.. I bought this phone and with in a week dropped it on the floor.. As the display is very open, the screen got broke. And dint get any warranty as expected, costing me 2500.. So make sure that you will put on screen guard or flip cover once you get this phone on hand..
loving my new Nokia lumia 520.... its been a month now..... super fast, superb touch and wonderful user interface.... comparatively less apps than android....all required ones are available... for 10k, this is the best smartphone you can get.... :) :) :)
Good performance. However the camera key was non functional. Read from Internet that many others were facing similar problem.Removing the back cover and re-fitting was of no help. Finally,flipkart replaced the item. Camera is not that good in low light conditions. I wish there should have been more apps. An app is needed to use the flip cover. Otherwise a good phone.
Before buying this phone i thought it would be a normal kinda handset but wn i used it ,i was really amazed by its performance n looks .Wt could be a better example for "Value for Money ".U can say it is like a magnum opus of Nokia in this price range .Just get it and i am sure u ll be more than satisfied with this phone .After all Nokia was the King of Phones once . I would say that everything about this phone is just awesome (In this price range ).
Many my friends suggested me that window 8 is very complex OS and go with other OS compatible phone. But after buying this Device I experienced that they all are wrong about window 8 OS. I like very much following features about Nokia Lumia 520: 1. Touch screen response is excellent one. I do not believe that in this price range, Nokia provide this excellent Device. 2. Window 8 OS is very simple and also user friendly. Its look and feel and animation motion is fabulous. 3. I like very much Nokia Music store from where you can download songs freely. But first you have to activate internet service of your respected service provider. 4. Camera result is superb. One disadvantage is that this device has not flash light feature. There are also many more features of this cell that I like very much.
The phone is best in itz zone. If u go for the comparisions any phone will obviously have its pros and cons. But if one is looking for good quality with decent features then this phone meets it. Pros would be that good touch,build, screen, layout, sound thats extremely clear when itz loud, good call quality. Cons is that file transfers have got complains as with windows phone security is a big concern and pirated stuffs dont usually be played as for videos especially. So if u a big time movie downloader then I think it'll b a let down as most of them dont play as for security reasons. But some do play so lot of work on tat to b done to figure out which plays and which dont. A hectic process of connecting it to system in case u want to change ur ringtone to an mp3 tat u hav is unnecessary process, should hav an option of directly puttin an mp3 as tone. Games do play fine and decent battery to say. So if one is looking for a eyecandy phone for basic gaming and calls and messaging and listening to songs then this one is the best.
We got a discount from flipkart and we got the phone for 8650/-. A very good phone at a good price.Far better than the Samsung's, HTC's, Sony in the same price range. Flipkart delivery was prompt as usual
Hi, It was an awesome experience, shopping with FK always. I have ordered many things from this online shop and got nice experience of shopping in terms of timely delivery and the way of tracking delivery system. About the product: Its very tough these days to rate any of the mobile set which are having their life span of just in months. Although, I am writing few points which can help any user: Pros: 1. Nice Look, very handy and Vibrant colors (if you like) 2. Build quality, Camera Quality (without flash its expected Quality) 3. NOkia Trust you will find their in this set 4. Windows WP8 ...almost no hanging issue which now a days common with android or any other low range phones. 5. Cons: 1. No Flash and Front cam (Obvious in this price) 2. Screen Quality could have been better 3. Micro SIM, since its interface time for Mini and Micro SIM people can feel prob to switching mobiles. regards S K Maurya
Pros: All GAMES are supported!!!!! No lag in any application Heavy HD Videos load in a fraction of second As a frequent traveler, the "Here" GPS app provided is awesome.. Full Maps with all details can be downloaded and accessed offline, with voice navigation (its better than Google maps!!) Light weight than many other mobiles in market very easy case removal Cons: Case bit slippery Google developed apps including gtalk, google maps not available (alternate 3rd party apps available) POINT IS.. THIS MOBILE IS A MUST BUY FOR THIS COST!!! Flipkart: I am in love with your service
A very Good Product at a very Good Price. Nice and handy the Yellow Colour justs ' Flips ' you over! Powerful amd attractive. Useful and Fulfilling.Sometimes one goes all over the place to find a product when it is just in front of you. Flipkart did a great job. And Delivery -Excellent. In no time it is in your hands.. Only wish is Nokia had made it a two Sim mobile. Then it would have been perfection personified.
Not sure how most people say it is average or good enough, but I personally find it not enough to last from morning till evening, at least during office hours. The rest is COOL! All apps work well Camera is good Easy to hold, and hard NO ISSUES with display as written by some guys [you can easily use it indoors and in sun light]
i would love to purchase this more if i get it same price on which i had bought it was really very good price hope for same price same soon so please come with lowest price also looking for best rates for other item which i had purchased in my orders history
1. A value for money product from a reputed maker NOKIA. 2. NOKIA phones are time known to be good even after multiple drops in comparision with any other maker. 3. Inbuilt 8GB and 64 GB Micro SD Card support; no other competitor has offered to my knowledge. 4. It is not android so you don't need a 4000mAH battery it lasts as long as the spec says with almost all the features in use. 5. Internet sharing works great on 3G Airtel Chennai.( When tired sharing to 3 devices was decent enough with not too much heating on the device while all three were downloading.) 6. User Interface is smooth and feels great. 7. Capturing vedios and low light pictures are all decent enough and great compared to competitors in the price range. 8. I will say you actually pay nothing for this phone as you have Nokia unlimited music download no one else offers in this price range. 9. Phone does not lag and even when multi-tasking phone works smooth. 10. Able to open a large pdf file with no trouble (I tried to open Rev. Scofield Reference Bible Scanned pdf format)
Why should you go for it??? 1. It's Nokia...reliability 2. Awesomeness of Windows 8 (Far beyond android)...hats off to Microsoft for creating such a thing 3. Lumia Camera with lots of in built and extendable features...
Bought this phone for Rs.9630 with 8gb memory card freebie. Initially I received defective phone with camera button not working. Thanks to flipkart, got the replacement just 2 days after replacement request. Coming to the phone...everything excellent.Compare to any branded phone under 10k, you wont get these much features. -> IPS scratch resistent display -> 512 mb RAM ->.1ghz qualcomm processor -> 4'' screen -> Refreshing W8 UI -> 5mp cam -> 8gb inbuilt memory -> 16m colors What more you can expect for less than 10k from a branded phone? Don't look for the price fall....Its more than worth 10k..If you would like to buy this phone, then look for replacement policy, as you may get a defective one.
the phone is superb. i have seen many reviews where they say the phone lacks front cam & led flash!!! guys look at the price & complain. also the cam is superb it does more than what we expect it to do. using it for 3 weeks & have no issues so far. battery lasts for a day which with pretty good internet usage which was unexpected.
worth for the money, Windows OS is good, not much lag and user friendly too. some basic options are missing in 520 like any audio setting. battery backup 24-30Hrs with moderate usage. if your have budget 720 is highly recommended considering it has everything which 520 has plus some additional options/settings, very good design, light weight, easy to hold design, excellent camera and a really powerful battery.
Do not hesitate to buy this phone.. It is a great choice in this price range with fantastic features and wide application range.. all top apps are available in windows store and its performance is marvelous.. Got this phone on 2nd day after ordering.. Thanks to flipkart..
Hello friends, The Nokia Lumia 520 is a very very awesome phone. I got this phone in flipcart at Rs.8454/- . The Windows OS was excellent. Touch is very nice and the Windows Apps was awesome. Very nice user interface. Like this phone very much. I think no one can beat NOKIA :)
I am using Lumia 520 and m happy with the performance and features of this smart phone. I am Linux Admin but by using this phone now loving Windows 8. It's a lovely and very fast OS. I strongly recommend this phone for the people like me who have not enough budget for buying a well featured smart phone. Best phone below 10K. Last but not least it's superb.
Really satisfied with the performance of the phone, only disappointment is the lack of flash support and lack of equalizer...come on nokia now a days even featured phone do have equalizer.thank you flipkart for quick delivery,got my phone in less than 48 hours.if anybody have solution for the equalizer problem please inform me.
Very good phone if you are not obsessed with android OS. The Windows OS looks attractive though you cannot customize it beyond an extent.The phone is sleek, looks elegant and very responsive. Definitely a buy for this amount.
Hi all Lumia 520 users.... This is my first order in Flipkart and very much happy with the service with flipkart... Shipping was made within one day. I had a problem in my lumia 520. When ever i insert my headphone, any one of the speaker is working. When i checked the headphone, it was in good working condition with other mobile. But, in some cases, when i insert the headphone jack partially, both the speakers works well but not the mic...My friend suggested to do restart by pressing the down vol & power button and after mobile got restarted it got rectified... Now both the speakers are working well... Rest of the things, this mobile is OSM OSM OSM... Once again, i wish Flipkart to continue this service...
I am using Lumia 520 from last one month : Pro : 1. Easily access internet. 2. Easily access emails (gmail, yahoo, outlook, skydrive). 3. Good sound quality & robust ( It's drop from my hand two times). 4. Lot of good app in window store & unlimited music Nokia store. 5. It's work without any reboot, thanks to windows 8.0 6. Office 365 Rock. 5. Value for your money. Cons : 1. Battery life, charge it after 2 days. 2. Camera is poor quality & initially I have an issue with camera button also. 3. In email you can attach photo but cannot attach word,excel, pdf document ( Very big limitation, I need to check / send office mail from phone).
I ordered this fone for my younger bro, and he s liking it very much. It's a very gud fone with almost all features for budget of 10 or below. Go for it incase u r planning not to have android. Nice features as mentioned. Good and fast delivery by flipkart. .. .. .. Give A TRY
Folks, this is the one you are looking for. One of the best budget phones under 10k. You actually get a feel of using a Lumia 620/720 as far as the processor and ram is concerned. You don't get a front camera for video conferencing but if you are looking for a budget phone then this one is just for you. Stop buying android phones with poor interface and battery backup. To be very true you won't get a good feeling if you buy an Android phone for < 20k. As far as Lumia is concerned, Windows might be lagging behind Android in terms of applications, but display, speed and seamless integration from social networking sites is far better than the Android phones. 5 Star for this one. :)
I have been looking around for a phone which suits my office requirements, and here it is. The LUMIA 520. Super sensitive touch, very easy to handle and a decent camera. btw Thanks to Flipkart.. I got this mobile for 8,644 way cheaper than any other sellers. A must have phone for all. Nokia-Lumia 520 the best affordable windows phone available in market, better than cheap plastic looking samsung android phones
Hey Buddy, I don't know how hot your cell get after use. But every smartphone gets hotter with lots of use specially web browsing. This is because when you browse, your phone's ram and processor are constantly in use and also it draws a lot of power from your battery. And above all your phone is constantly catching the internet frequencies. It's normal if your phone gets hotter when on heavy use (Web Browsing). I have referred web browsing as heavy because when we browse, almost all of the phones' resources are constantly and simultaneously working. Actually our phone doesn't get so much hotter as we think. One thing you can do when your phone gets hot next time is: Make the hotter part of your phone touch your face, then you will really know how hot it is. Actually our face can recognize the actual temperature while our hands can't (Scientific). My earlier Galaxy S Duos use to get hotter with more use. I sold it after using for 1 year. I am now using 520. However I don't feel so much heat as compared to my earlier phone. Hope it helped you.
in the world controlled by android army....it is hard for the nokia battalion to capture the bunker....but nokia is hitting their rivals with cheap price tags and comparatively good hardware(@ this price range)....i'll recommend this phone to everyone who are on a budget run....but still they miss out basic things...like music equaliser,system-wide file manager,flash support in the browser,app catalog is limited(maximum apps are useless)...morever the phone's dual core krait is of not much use as it has got no such apps which can use the processor's juice...ram is good @ 512 for wp8 but if its android then even 768mb seems less....about UI...yes the ui is fluid and fun to use but one day or the other u will be bored....unlike in android where users can root and change their phones every aspect of appearance(even androiders can make their phone look like wp8)....even i found its sunlight visibility low....people who are in a transit from android to wp8 will surely miss likes of poweramp,chrome,launchers,equaliser apps,notifications,lockscreen shortcuts and many more......still one can buy it for refreshment or who want a transit to a new os......windows has to lure developers into making serouis and good wp8 aps....nokia and microsoft will take time but will win(slow and steady wins the race)....
First of all, i would like to thank Flipkart for their express delivery. I ordered at 3.00 pm on day 1. i requested them to deliver quickly to give as a gift to my dad. They delivered next day 4 pm. I am not gonna give lengthy reviews as many have already given. I'm gonna list my experience with this phone. Not gonna complain about the missing features. Cons: Had some issues with camera button intially and later discovered it is a universal problem. But it got resolved when i placed the backcover at some position. Lucky !! Then had problems with Gmail -yet to find some solution. It is possible to see all the open applications but couldn't close them there. Battery is ok. also i could not find a hologram in the battery for its originality, where i have it in my 5800 xpressmusic phone. Very basic ear phone. Not a comfortable fit for ears. Gets smudgy after sometime of use. Maybe good screenguard would solve it. I ve the feeling of slipping it from my hand. Good case would solve it. Except the above, i find this phone absolutely perfect. Every other feature comes under pros. Special mentions, Internet Explorer is enough to open various content types without lag and its quick and sharp in displaying contents Clarity is too good touch sensitivity is super dooper Camera is not at all bad. Trust me. I took pictures in low light, which is good. In day light, it is too good. Final verdict. None of cons is a deal breaker. Just go with pros. U will enjoy magic of nokia & windows 8 in a budget phone. :)
I guess there is no other phone on this earth which provides such a nice UI, make & design at this price category. I am not a gamer and not a hopeless app hungry. So my lumia 520 provides me with all I need. Indeed I would say I got more then what I need. Office suite is extraordinary. I never thought, editing an excel file would be so much easy on a mobile file. Although you can't do all the things you can do on a desktop, still you can do all the basic office file editing when you are mooving or you are not in office. Email setup is great. I set up 2 accounts and I get emails simultaneously on both the accounts. Also It's very easy to save the attachment files to skydrive or attach a file from skydrive or internal memory directly with so ease. This phone completes me in all the way. Just a great phone. I would highly recommend this phone to people who use phone for work purpose and not for gaming.
Go for Nokia Lumia 520 because its Windows 8 OS is better than Android ICS OS for the same hardware specifications. There is no lag present and its OS is buttery smooth to operate. Most of the popular apps are available. Although, I observed most of the games are paid version only. Nokia music store provides a large collection of songs which are free to download. Also, with youtube downloader app, one can download any video (even HD quality) for free. It would have been better, if normal sim card was supported by the phone.
The phone is really Value for money with the variety of features it provides. Smooth touch,Good display with 4" screen. Doesn't feel any performance lag during usage. New Windows UI,Decent battery.(Mobile data eats away the battery fast). Issues faced. 1)Once got restarted automatically 2)Unable to press answer button for a call. (work around was to press power button and then answer). Both these occured only once in 2 weeks of use. Overall The phone is good and VFM.
As usual flipcart delivered the product within 2 days...this phone is alot better than samsung phone with in this range. awesome graphics,super sensitive touch,essay to handle,huge screen(4"),picture quality superb. I just have compliant about the battery back up. Its just 12hrs(if untouched) .No flash and no secondary camera(no skype,omegle)....
It has got the best display in its range. A highly sensitive capacitive touchscreen and a smart Power Saver. The design is flawless. Great interface. Cool Apps and Games. If you're looking for a good WP, go for it. The video playback and the sound quality is unmatchable. Just hoping for the WP Market to expand and more games are introduced to WP.
Definitely worth the money. You cant expect expect anything better than this within 10k. Nokia's quality coupled with windows' metro UI makes it a must-buy smartphone for guys looking for a budget smartphone. Go for it guys
Its undoubtedly the best smartphone that u can get in this price range.. :) The features are quite good.. The only concerns that i found were the average battery and the shaggy side keys..Side keys are not smooth..But hoping that it gets smooth as used more.. Overall..Go 4 it...
I hav bought this phone abt a week back frm nokia dealers. These are the pros and cons that i've found. Pros: -Awesome design and built quality. Looks almost single bodied. Best Look in the 10k price range. -The 1Ghz processor is smooth and works without any glitches. -The touch screen is revolutionary. Typing is a pleasure. -The color and display are awesome. Video play back and hd gaming is awesome. -Windows 8 Os is a joy after the Continuous use of Android. -Camera is Pretty good. Lenses and Auto-focus is an added advantage. -Nokia Music , HERE maps and Navigation is great. Cons: -Low Battery Backup. Even minimalist users cant last a fully day with a single charge. Normal use with internet and video play back means you are looking at 2 or even more full charges. -No file manager. -The Device gets heated up during gaming. -The UI is not as simple as android . New users may find it difficult for sometime. -The windows app store is nothing compared to google play or apple app store. -Very Less Customization Options. -No Front Camera or Flash
i was vry confused while buying my phone. my best friend suggested me the 520. i checked it on flipkart and liked it very much. it was awesum for 10000 Rs. i ordered it and as promised it came to my house in 3 days for free. its the best phone for its price. even the windows os works like a dream. its the best phone to multitask. hail nokia, hail windows and hail flipkart
First thing first, I ordered this phone through Flip kart, and i got my phone in 2.5 days. Very good service. Regarding phone, Couple of years back I was Nokia phone lover due to their great hardware quality, But Nokia phone User interface was not impressive at all. After long time, I just wanted to try out with windows phone as well as Nokia, and when I got Lumia 520 with Windows 8, I can say Nokia is back in phone market. Lumia 520 has amazing quality of hardware as well User interface, I really loved its user interface and the way it can be customized, very smooth touch screen ( super sensitive). I am looking forward to see more experiment from Nokia that would make them to become No 1 in Market again.
Undoubtedly the best phone under Rs.10k. Pros: Windows Phone 8 OS Big screen Long Battery Life Good hardware Cons: WhatsApp faces some problems. A few prominent apps still missing, some apps incompatible due to 512MB RAM. No FM radio No front-facing camera, no flash No system-wide file manager Overall its a good phone and well worth the buy!
Its a great phone to buy at this cost. If you are looking for a good looking and trendy smartphone with decent features, look no further. Truly Amazing service by Flipkart :) Delivered on the next day.
Bought this for my friend after spending more than 2 hours inquiring about all the phones in the 10k to 14k range. And It was the right decision. Specs are all good and look-wise it is better than 620 which costs Rs.4000 more and having just front camera and flash as major differentiating feature.
i got this phone 2 days back. The phone seemed pretty gud however it tended to slip due to its untexturised back cover; also when we got the phone its camera button was not working which was a sad thing and lasted a bad impression of flipkart on me considering this my first order on flipkart though they changed the peice . anyways the phone is a nice one,everything seemed OK ,my only con was the absence of flash but thats what one gets at that price pnt from a company like nokia. everything on mobile was nice from browsing to messaging also since i am a android user the lack of apps at marketplace was a bit irritating for me nevertheless i will like to conclude by saying that this is a gud phone and one shud go for it if this is ur 1st phone or u want a change from android thnx
Mine is red one, UI is fantastic, hats off windows a welcome change in the sea of android. All popular 'worth mention' apps are there in windows store. Don't think Twice if u have 10k just buy. Music download works flawlessly in 2g 3g & wifi. Good maps &navigation. Don't get temped to by a large micromax of carbon for the same price, this one feels more premium. 5* worthy
I have purchased this phone from Flipkart and using it for more than a month, its really good in performance and in outlook at this budget. I don't want to compare it with any other brands, as I think every brand has unique features and so I think Nokia has also done the same at the low budget. I have read a review regarding its comparison with 620, I think it is quite obvious that now in a competition market basically in the mobile technology, paying more 5 bucks can give 500 more features in the same brand, so it is meaningless to compare a phone of a same brand with different price rather than comparing it with other brands of the same quality or with the same price.
I bought this phone 3 weeks ago and it's running swiftly. No shortcoming, no issue. It's the coolest phone I have ever used. I don't know why some poor people are not happy with this phone. These poor people shall be actually more happy with poor phones like Samsung Galaxy S Duos S7562, HTC etc.
This is the best phone you can get for this price ! even under 15000 category its best.Been using it for last 2 weeks and its awesome.I can bet if you use win 8 phone for a week you will never go back to any other Os.
This Nokia lumia 520 in an awesome phone... best phone in its price range... Guys I would really suggest that everyone should got for it. Forget Android.... Windows in next best thing.... You will love its graphical interface and live tiles. They are just amazing... Makes you feel alive... Music is at its best in Lumia....
After using Samsung mobiles for last few years, i decided to switch back to Nokia and i wished to try out a Windows Phone. This phone came in handy for me for its affordable price and good specifications. I have been using this phone for the last one month now and don't regret for purchasing it. Its really good and feels better. Its a good product from Nokia.
I recently purchased this phone (not from Flipkart) and I am very much happy with it .Just look at the hardware underneath this phone,which is much superior to even many android phones costing Rs 15,000. Also, many people complain about lack of apps, well all the important apps are available !
Great phone, 3G works very well! Looks and design are awesome! Apps look great! Large screen, great colored themes to choose for. But...1) Camera is underwhelming! No flash or front camera. 2) Unavailability of free games and FM radio!
Firstly, Appreciate Flipkart.com and their customer service for providing excellent Product,Service and Support. Delivery was superfast and got in 24 hrs of booking. About Nokia Lumia 520 - Powerful smartphone with supergood display and touch. Key features which really got my attention was social media integration like FB integrated part by part into the basic phone features. We can use FB chat in messaging, use your as well as your friends photos in the phones image section etc.. Good experience with super sensitive touch and sensors are really powerful helping for good gaming experience. Battery backup is good. use the phone for a complete day in full features active(Heavy usage). Loud sound, never expected this much sound in a 10k phone. What i want to comment is really on the mentality of people when they see this phone. Its a happy phone, all colour themes builds good energy and people gets attached to this phone in no time. Overall, its an awesome experience using Nokia Lumia 520 and Windows 8 works superb here.
Awesome phone!!! Recommended for: - Great Platform- Windows - Smooth screen - Good viewing angles - Good camera - All necessary Apps including Free OFFICE suite - Great processing and No Lagging - Gaming experience is pretty good - Nokia features are Great such as Navigator, Nokia Music, Cinema-graph, Smartshoot, etc - Browsing is butter smooth - Texting is good - Stylish, good looking and easy to handle with mat finish at back side - Back body can be changed easily Doubt creating features: - No Flash - No Secondary camera - Less Collection of Apps in App store compared to Android Though these doesn't create any big dissatisfaction Conclusion: This phone rises above its cons and let me tell you this is the best affordable phone in market right now with Great Performance. If you are looking for a phone that can deliver Great Performance with ease of working on docs with good entertainment options, then this is the phone for you.
Battery backup should be more....!! rest everything is as smooth as butter !! the phone is having one problem that is when you press the lock button it much not work many times....but yes is a very good phone under 10000 !! Windows 8 rocks !! and Nokia Lumia 520 screen is THE BEST !!
I have been using this phone since 10th May. This is my first smart phone and I am already in love with it. Pros Extremely Graceful Looks Touch experience is amazing. There is no inbuilt flash, however photos shot in externally illuminated ambiance in the night are equally good. Internet browsing on 2G network is much faster than on my laptop. All applications run extremely cool. Music and Video Quality are excellent. Cons Battery back up is 4 to 6 hours with continuous usage, however, no one should expect any better for this price range. Thanks NOKIA for producing such a masterpiece, which far exceeds the expectations for the money paid. Expeditious delivery from Flipkart in just 2 days is app laudable.
ips touch sensitive display is very good. clarity is also very good. plays 1080p vedeos without any problem. very nice integration with social networks. win8 gives a whole new experience with live tiles. with 512mb ram, phone functions without any lag. when typing messages, keypad may seem smaller, but its very accurate, thanks to the highly sensitive touch screen. applications may be less in nos compared to the android market, but all the necessary applications are there in windows store. u will feel this as a problem only if u r an application maniac. loud speaker is loud as much as it may seem small to u. camera is more than what u expects from a 5mp camera. even low light images are very good. there are so many editing options there with which u can make ur captured image feel better( download creative studio from win store). if u r ready to accept good changes and your budget is 10k, i can promise, this is the best phone for u. i have used the phone just for two days, still i can say this much about this phone. i have experience with win8 as my laptop runs over this os. even if u do not have any experience with win8, it will take a few days and then u will start loving this os. so this phone offers far more compared to its price range. if ur budget is 10k, go for it without any hesitation and be ready for a brand new experience...
lumia 520 is the best mobile tht one can get in tht price range.. the mobile build is too good... the phone runs smoot... this the picture quality is super... this is the best mobile in this price range with nokia brand Pro: all positives are in site check it out .. they are 100% true CONs: the only thing that i didnt like is its headset... cheap quality with okie type sound if u are a music lover then u'll feel bad coz there is no equalizer... i tried using Skullcandy headset but it didnt work out.. its the major defect... gaming is not to its best infact many games are not working coz of the ram ... Problems tht i faced : mobile some times gives "BLACK SCREEN" no matter what u are doing the only thing u can is to restart actually when i check it with flipkart i was said tht i was the only one who got the problem.. so check it out... too rarely few apps lags a sec... the Live tiles some time goes tooo large and again u got no option to do... just to restart over all my rating for mobile build 3.7/5 video 3.8/5 audio 2.8/5 gaming 3/5
After a long time nokia came up with a unbeatable cell(at this range).The Phone is a complete package.there is nothing to say ant the cell,the cell is simply best....i own this n m very much satisfied with the phone.the camera is awesome n video 2 is marvellous.
Just one word needed to describe it - awesome! leave the droids, windows 8 is simply the best. The phone is the best in its class......looks, performance, build quality......just everything. no compromising at all.....just go for it.......!!!
i am using this phone for last 10 days and i will say expireance is awesome.i will share my view what i like and don't like about the phone. likes 1.solid and good looks. 2.4 inch display 3.lag free windows os 4.different colours u can set on ui 5.nokia apps specially here drive and nokia music.navigation is awesome. 6.speaker is very loud but not of good quality. 7.camera is very good considering the price range. 8.stable apps. 9.proximity sensor is upto the mark it does its job very fast. 10.nokia ka bharosa dislikes or cons 1.without windows id u cant do anythin in the phone.firstly i started my phone without signin to my windows id and it created many poblems.when i signed again it shows some error and i have to reset my phone 3 times to sign in. 2.its not easy to configure any social id with the phone as i faced problems for setting facebook chat twitter and gmail which is annoyoing bcz i was a android user 3.no led flash and secondary camera or compass. 4.avg battery life of 18 hours by normal uses. 5.not much or useful apps and games even temple run is not compatible for this phone as it has 512mb of ram. 6.u have to cut ur sim as it takes only mini sim card.u cant acsess ur micro sd card when battery is there. 7.not very much u can costomize in the phone. 8.not comfortable to hold on as its big in size with sharp edges and back cover is made up of plastic without any texture so it slips out very easily. 9.screen will love ur finger print. 10.speaker phone and hansfree are loud but quality is like a chinese phone.
Its really a awesome phone, Don't listen to anyone, people will say like windows app store is not good, Lumia hardware is not good. Don't know why people say like that without experiencing it. But let me tell you about App store: It may disappoint you in the beginning as it happen with me, but very soon i found my required apps in windows. About Lumia 520: Touch too good, you can say the touch is good than HTC sense also. Must put a mat finish screen guard to enjoy its touch screen. Battery life good 1 day, Camera without flash but it will give you better picture in night comparing to similar camera with flash, coz flash range is so less that it does not matter if you have it or not(I switched from Xperia J to Lumia), You will get Whatsup, Viber but temple run is not available for 520, but in 820 and 920 windows phone 8 you can find it. And buy it from Flipcart with offer of 8gb memory card, but if you want insurance that you will not get here.
this is not a place to ask questions.go to internet forums ms answers or yahoo answers. why did you rate it 2 when you havent used it. but still will give answers- 1)it does heat but the heat is negligible as compared to samsung galaxy s2. 2)most probably during gaming. 3)i have been using it for 1 month but no problems.(its made by nokia so quality is the best)even if the buttons dont work we can get a new back cover. 4)the interface is the best i have ever used much better than my gs2 jellybean(touchwiz)interface. talking of apps it has all the basic social networking apps along with great apps from nokia like cinemagraph,here drive,here maps,. those who used andriod in the past may find it diffcult. but ms has confirmed update to next os in next june/july which may be named ms blue(not sure)
After a week of reading reviews in different websites and looking at specs finally decided to go for Lumia 520 and after 4 days of using it, i dont regret my decision. If your budget is 10K, then this is the most beautiful and innovative phone u could get. The metro UI with its live tiles is refreshing and smooth. The performance is great. Remember its got only 512MB RAM but what ever can be installed in the phone, it handles well. Camera is not good in low light (no flash) but is pretty good outdoors in good light. The question many have is windows vs android. well as everyone says apps for windows 8 is not as developed as android. But i found to my surprise that there are quite a range of free apps in the windows app store that helps u get over it (there are parallel apps in windows for most of the basic apps and games in android). Most paid apps and games also have trial versions. Anyways, in a below 10K phone you anyway cant play the biggest games even in android. so it doesnt matter. If you are not a high end games freak and okay without flash and front cam, then just go for it! Rating it 4 star because of its lack of FM and flash.
Nokia's has offered a Great phone in this price range, The overall look and feel of the phone is great, Screen is good, Video playback (Note Full HD) are smooth as butter. Windows OS is smooth and there are no lags, Apps are bit less in Windows store but still most of popular one's are available. Overall i am happy with my decision and It's a nice phone indeed.
Phone is excellent. Very Fast. All necessary Apps are available.. People buying this phone should make sure to have the options available to Cut there existing SIM to a micro SIM. Else will regret buying this phone....
Awesome phone in very low prize .... :) trust it, it won't make you fall down at any cost ... !! i'm sure it is going to be the best rated phone of the year. nokia proved themselves once again. Note:: I recommend flipkart to sell Nokia Lumia 520 covers too .. :) :)
Hi, Nokia 520 gets heated during charging and using 3G. Sometimes it stops working at all. You need to remove and reinsert the battery. Some times, font sizes/photos get enlarged. To bring back to normal, you need to restart it.
First of all those who think windows phones are bad this goes out to you. Yes i agree with you windows phones were bad earlier with the windows 7, the 7.5 and the mango versions. But a lot has changed guys trust me. Windows apps are growing rapidly. I keep hearing Android has 850000 apps whereas windows has just 150000. Are we going to install 850000 apps in one phone then ? hardly 30-40 apps is common(maybe less) in a phone and windows OS has all the important apps as in the android. The one's absent are being made available. Microsoft has assured that many other famous games like Orcs must survive, Gravity Guy 2, Chaos Rings, 6th planet etc will be available on its platform pretty soon. Now about the Lumia 520. I'm among the one's who pre-ordered this beauty for my bro's birthday present. The best thing about lumia devices is that they all have a uniform windows 8 OS. That means the OS present in Lumia 520 is exactly the same found in Lumia 920 or as a matter of fact the lumia 820. Isn't it great you have the same windows OS in the 10k device to the high end 35k lumia 920 ? The price difference comes from of course the hardware specs. Here are some great features that the lumia 520 promises: Quad-band GSM/GPRS/EDGE support Quad-band 3G with 21 Mbps HSDPA and 5.7 Mbps HSUPA support 4.0" 16M-color IPS LCD display of WVGA resolution 5 megapixel autofocus camera with HD 720p@30fps video recording Windows Phone 8 OS 1 GHz dual-core Krait CPU, Adreno 305 GPU, Qualcomm MSM8227 chipset, 512MB of RAM Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band MS Office GPS receiver with A-GPS and GLONASS support Free lifetime voice-guided navigation (with a twist) 8GB of inbuilt storage, expandable via a microSD card slot (7 Gb free skydrive) Active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic Built-in accelerometer and proximity sensor 3.5 mm audio jack microUSB port Bluetooth v3.0 with A2DP and EDR, file transfers SNS integration Xbox Live integration and Xbox management Free Nokia Music Extremely competitive pricing The phone looks quite premium as well. The lumia 520 is way better looking than the lumia 620 and not round on the edges like the 620. Lumia 620 is a great phone no doubt but in terms of appearance it looks outdated i feel. You can't tell lumia 620 belongs to the lumia family when you compare it to other lumia devices be it 520, 720, 820 or 920. You decide which looks better, the 520 or the 620 and you'll get what i'm saying: The 5mp camera, 512mb ram, 1 GHz Qualcomm Krait Dual Core processor are all the same in both 520 & 620. The lumia 520 even has a bigger battery than the 620 and is also priced 4k less. For me the nokia lumia 520 scores well over the 620. these considerations and specs made my choice is easy!
I recently bought this phone and I really liked it . Performance Good , Battery Life Good , Apps Good , Touch Good .I think Nokia is really back with this . Windows operating system .I dont find any issues with it . It uses ie version 10 and really fast .I enjoy being Lumain .
i am in love with this phone. i wanted to buy 620 but since d processor and gpu(adreno 305) is same, i preferrd it over 620 nd m happy wid d decision. pro: 1.ips display wont dissapoint u..it can b put in competion wid high end android phns. 2.blazing fast internet. m using vodafone 2g network.i can make skype calls without any interuption. browsing experience awesum. skype and whatsapp notificatn works perfectly.u receive skype calls nd msgs lik normal phn calls!(evn fr dis reveiw i hav connected ma lumia as a wifi network spot nd connected to laptop, amazing spped..bukd irctc ticket!) all over a 2g network :) 3. multitasking is smooth. i use skype, hike , talk to, internet explorer and whatsapp simultanusly widout any lags.
Just one word... AWESOME I must say, just go for it. I'm posting this comment after using this handset for 10 days. It's processor? No other phone in this range can beat it! Just love it. What a gaming experience, maps, everything is just superb. you are getting 8GB internal memory, battery back up is simply superb!
Boy is Nokia..back...yes they are with the Lumia series...the 520 is a beautiful device that is pure value for money....no second thoughts on this...everything about the phone gives you the impression that nokia has put a lot of heart in to it...coupled with WOS8...this is the best that you can get...at this pricepoint...people complain of very few apps in windows..but tell me how many apps do we really use in a day?? all the regular apps like FB, Linked in whatsapp, gmail..etc are there... go for it guys...with flipkart the experience is further enhanced...ordered it on monday, the phone was in my hands on wednesday... PS..you need a micro sim for the same, which you local mobile store will get you done for 25 bucks...
I bought it yesterday and what to say the UI is buttery smooth. You have all the apps that you require on a daily basis also most of the apps available for an android around 10k Lumia 520 has revolutionised the term entry level and it has taken it to a whole new level. far better than any other androids out ther in the same league (price point) . Dont get confused by the bad reviews experience it once and then believe. I gave four stars cos it lacks a flash and the camera is not great.
Won't write too much... Just an awesome mobile in 10K(Rupees) range. Just think what are things you are getting in 10K: Windows 8 ! Dual core processor, IE10, 800 x 480 res with 16M colors, great touchscreen, awesome look ... ... ...!!! and also "Nokia ka varosha" :) JUST GO FOR IT...
Welcome back Nokia - It seems you have given a winner of a phone. I have always been a Nokia fan and was quite taken aback by the Android/Samsung avalanche. And then Lumia happened. I bought the 520 against the tidal wave on pre-order. Boy, it is great and overwhelming at this price. I'll put it simply rather that going into elaborate details - I am finding it great ! Fantastic touch, fantastic colours, fantastic functions, beautiful! Does not have a front camera, doesn't have temple run - but at least I don't need it. Has all the sober apps and other good games and the numbers are steadily growing in the WP & Nokia store. Go and buy it ! I am sure you will not regret your decision
Is amazing that this kind of phone comes in such a affordable price with Windows 8. Better HD Vedio Recording & sharing with internet & blutooth. How ever non availability of front camera is draw back. I higly reccommed to friend circle to purchase it from flipkart with un betable price and discounts.
irst of all those who think windows phones are bad this goes out to you. Yes i agree with you windows phones were bad earlier with the windows 7, the 7.5 and the mango versions. But a lot has changed guys trust me. Windows apps are growing rapidly. I keep hearing Android has 850000 apps whereas windows has just 150000. Are we going to install 850000 apps in one phone then ? hardly 30-40 apps is common(maybe less) in a phone and windows OS has all the important apps as in the android. The one's absent are being made available. Microsoft has assured that many other famous games like Orcs must survive, Gravity Guy 2, Chaos Rings, 6th planet etc will be available on its platform pretty soon.
Very fast delivery with best price. Product is very nice. touch is awesome with windows 8 but Battery Power is poor ................................................................................................................................... Thanx to flipkart...
WINDOWS 8 IS AWESOME. BATTERY DRAINS QUITE QUICKLY BUT THTS BECAUSE OF DATA CONNECTION ALL THE TIME. SOME GOOD APPS ARE THERE WHICH ARE HELPFUL AND ITS UPDATING ALL SOFTWARES. THE XBOX GAMING IS THE BEST FEATURE IN THIS PHONE. BATTERY LASTS FOR 2 DAYS IF NOT CONNECTED TO INTERNET. GUD FOR TELEPHONIC CONVERSATION. MORE APPS ARE NEEDED AND STILL GROWING VERY FAST. 5MP CAMERA IS AWESOME WITH THE EFFECT OF LENSES IS THE SUPERB EXPEREINCE. THE IMAGAE QUALITY IN BACKLIGHT AND DAYTIME IS AWESOME AND NO ONE CAN COMPETE WD THIS. FLASH IS REQUIRED BUT DEPENDS ON USAGES. NET SPEED IS SUPERB BETTER THAN THE SAMSUNG PHONES. AND TOUCH IS AWESOME. WHTS THE USE OF THE TOUCHSCREEN PHONES WE HAVE IN MARKET WHICH DNT HAVE A GUD TOUCH. NOKIA IS BEST IN TOUCH. SO IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A CELL HAVING GUD PERFORMANCE AND DISPLAY AND APPS GO FOR IT. ITS GOING TO REPLACE THE SAMSUNG PHONES IN THIS RANGE. FAN OF NOKIA AND WINDOWS..:0)
I own a Lumia 920 and recently bought Lumia 520 for my sister. She was using Xperia P earlier and my sister is so happy after using this phone for a week. Her Android was laggy and hanging over and over again, so she decided to change and I got her this phone. Its absolute beauty in 10K range. Must buy for those who looking for suberp performance in 10K
pros: 1.Larger display and smoother interface. 2.Nokia maps which are available offline so can browse entire India without any connection 3.Nokia Unlimited subscription 4.almost 8 GB internal Cons: 1.Very less apps comparatively to android. 2.IE doesn't have autofill as in chrome, So little difficult to type Entire credentials each time.
Since I got this phone, I am very much loving this phone. I am getting comfortable though, transitioning from Android to Windows. But....I find some useful Apps that are in android are missing and also File manager is not there. I am just not able to find where files transferred from bluetooth are saved. Can anyone answer this?? Some user-friendly features are missing and phone looks a bit complicated who cannot explore the phone well. Overall, I find windows 8 amazing OS and I very much recommend to try and fall in love. Its a worth buy @ this amazing price where features and quality is amazing and this makes this phone hot favorites who are budget conscious and trying windows for the first time. Battery backup is decent. Processor and touch response is butter smooth. Camera and sound output is excellent. Looks is lovely. Very good Apps are there is windows and nokia store. Only missing file manager where I can view my folders. But, this is a phone WORTH BUYING.....excellent make by Nokia this time...THUMBS UP !!!
I am not a Geek regarding phones. I have never had a Smart phone all this while. But Lumia 620 which my wife has made me look at Smart phone in a different angle. I went for Lumia 520 with only reason that it comes at 10K. My wife gifted the phone to me and after using it for a week I am in love with the phone. It is awesome phone for first time users. It has all the basic features which will make you fall in love with the phone. My advice is go for the phone. No second thoughts.
Cons: 1:Less battery backup.it gets drained within 3 to 4 hour if u are using map or in download mode. 2:Upper part gets heated after some time. Pros: 1: Offline map is superb. 2:Graphics of Win8 beats android 3:Apps from nokia are awesome. Finally Don't expect iPhone 5 in 10k.
Its just an fabulous phone in such a good price and nokia is selling it ,,,worthy to have it .. only some thing like no flashlight ..microsim,sound quality is not some what good .. But the phone is a fab phone,enjoying it...
i brought this phone in mobile retail shop near my home for Rs.10000 and the phone use is super i m loving it ...coming to the screen 4 inc which is far better than lumia 620..touch of the phone is superb and buttery smooth..in all the colors cyan is looking is good than others
I bought this phone through flipkart, really excited and happy to have a smart phone for such an economical price. However, the 8GB SD Card doesn't get recognized by the phone. It seems windows phones recognize only some set of SD Cards. So beware pals.
Its a awesome phone in the segment of 10-15K. Thumbs up to the Microsoft for the amazingly beautiful and super-fast mobile OS. Having this phone in the pocket u really feel the smart world in your pocket.
awesome phone guys go for it. its has some problem regarding battery life, get bit hot when keep on charging and using wi fi, rest all is superb. superb colors Android s a bull shit. Nokia lumia windows 8 is just mind blowing. i have bought Nokia 520 at 9500 and its just amazing... go for it guys and girls.
I love Windows Phone 8, and this phone @ 10 k is unbelievable. It has wonderful features. cant expect same quality from Android phones. This is high quality phone for cheep price. i Love it........... ummah.........
Definitely awesome look and feel! A true smartphone with good price tag. Dont go for this phone if u need high end games, all high end phone features. But, if u need good UI, beautiful W8, well designed facebook/skype/twitter etc, 5mp cam, MS Office full, and most importantly a flawless 4inch screen, dont think. Get this phone. Its worth buying at this price tag. Flipkart, as always best in delivery.
This phone has every thing you can want in this budget. I was a die hard fan of android but after using windows 8 on this phone it just feels like a total next level. Awesome screen Very good camera Even though it doesn't have Clear black display still it adjusts itself according to your convinence in sunlight. AND windows has many good apps too You just need to apply your brain to use them.
Being a satisfied owner of Nokia Lumia 820, I pre-ordered this phone and believe me it was worth the wait.. All the high end features for the extremely reasonable price.. Very nice and sensitive touch screen, bright colors and awesome windows phone 8 with Nokia Music and Nokia drive integrated.. What else one can ask for? Amazing phone at amazingly awesome price..
For 10K you cant go wrong with this phone.Makes me wonder why ppl are buying so expensive phones when this does the job perfectly. Music:10/10 Browsing :8/10 Navigation:10/10 Camera:7/10 Gaming :6/10 For some ppl who do skype calls the lack on front facing camera might b disappointment Also ,if you are a gamer this phone might disappoint you.
I purchased this wonderful product on pre-order on flipkart and this was delivered within a day of its launch. I have been a Blackberry user and was looking for a change to purchase an additional phone which meets my requirements during travel. After some research on flipkart, I zeroed on this Windows-8 OS phone and for 10499/-, this is an awesome product.All features packed in this beautifully designed product. A good 3G connection and WiFI at home will sure make this a great experience.The camera resolution and quality is great and Lots of games and apps are also available for download. Battery lasts long if judiciously used for mails and phone only, and naturally if one runs lots of apps and games, battery exhausts fast.If anyone is looking for a great smartphone nearer to a budget of ~10K, this is the one.Highly Recommended as an affordable, feature rich and value for money product best suited for Indian mid market consumer.
jst one thing....dis phone is gonna get nokia da respect back...whch it lost aftr releasin' da Lumia series....c'mon guyzz....dis phn runs Asphalt 7:Heat like amul makkhan :D ....itz enuf to show itz power....
Kewl mobile from Nokia. I love it. All the features that you will get in higher range you will get in this cell. configuration is good as per the price. I am fed up with andriod. Lumia is totally different. I like its UI. ????????????I want to know that I have reliance network and data plan is free with 520 but i dnt know how to activate it in my mobile. ???????????
Pros: Light weight.. nice panel colours.. big screen.. excellent touch sensitive screen. OS is smooth and responsive.. gives a premium feel. Gmail, Ymail, Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin & Outlook comes integrated with the OS. Camera is good even in low light. Apps from Nokia are good to use. Cons: No backlit LED for capacitive buttons below screen. Battery drains fast when WiFi is on. Am waiting to buy a cover & screen guard for L520 when available in Flipkart.
the best product of this range in market... seriously... NOKIA incomparable ....welcome back....to create a new benchmark camera is awesome touch response is great looks ..it is "hot" ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... overall ... ... BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!
I doubt if any Android phone will match upto this at this price of 10K .... Superb phone at the best price.. i am going to sell my old iphone 3gs and purchase this .... I have supported and loved Nokia from my schooling days .. when it lost its top position i felt bad ... but i fell Nokia is putting up its best fight .... LUMIA 520 IS THE BEST PHONE TO BUY !!! ONCE A NOKIA FAN .... SHALL ALWAYS BE ... Shall never buy malware addicted cheap Android again with lags !!!! Never !!!
After using this phone, I can assure that, its complete value for money deal, U can not get anything better than this in this money with so much in it. Its just 2 days, N i already love the features, apps, internet, camera, first of all, I nvr thought I would buy the phone so early, n when I've bought, its simply awesome. I loved the app store for Windows 8.
Compared this phone with HTC 8S Lumia 620 couldn't find much difference. This phone has got a lot of power packed under its hood...hav preordered it and waiting for its delivery . Lets c what nokia has got for us
Its an awesome phone.. worth buying........................................................ Other than flash and front camera it's worth buying 520 than 620... Phone is really smooth and shining........................
Hope flipkart comes out with good transparent, drop proof cases and re-positionable screen protectors so can buy them with the phone together. Need protection from the start so they will last long. Also waiting for cyan colour.
Just bought this phone from a store. Feels awesome to have such hardware config under this price bracket with windows 8. Love you NOKIA. The touch sensitivity is superb. Also the resolution looks great though 620 has more clarity and vibrancy. Only thing that would have made this complete is a front camera, though that's not a big deal.
sir this is a needful and purposeful feedback from a true lover of lumia mobiles. now there is craze going over nokia lumia mobiles , because it has windows 8 os. according to a common man with minimal knowledge on mobiles most of us are now NOW interested in buying lumia mobiles. KINDLY REMEBER MOST OF these PEOPLE WILL BELONG TO THE AGE GROU OF 20- 30 YEARS. but THE REAL PROBLEM IS: -- - - - WINDOWS PHONE IS NOT UPTO THE MARK. IT IS MUCH LESS COMPARED TO SYMBIAN OS. TELEVISION ADDS ARE MAINLY CONCENTRATED ON ITS SPEED, AND CAMERA. BUT SIR WHERE ARE APPS. I AM AFRAID IF THE SAME CONTINUES THE SAME SUPPORT FOR LUMIA MOBILES YOU MAY FACE HUGE LOSES. BECAUSE THIS IS MY PERSONAL EXPERIANCE.I THOUGHT SO MUCH FOR LUMIA 520, BUT UTTTTERELY DISAPPOINTED WHEN I BOUGHT IT. TOTALLY LIKE A DUST BIN. 1. NO GMAIL APP --- THE NORMAL MAIL INBUILT IN PHONE ONLY PROVIDES RECENT MAILS. THEN WHAT ABOUT THE PAST MAILS. WHERE SHOULD WE GO. 2. WE CHAT AND WHATS APP DONOT RUN IN BACK GOUND. THEN WHAT IS THE MEANING IN USING IT. 3. THOUGH I HAVE 3G STILL NET SPEED IS SLOW. SO MAY IT BE THE PROBLEM WITH SERVICE PROVIDERS, "BUT SIR WHATS APP AND WE CHAT ARE NOT WORKING WITH MOBILE DATA. ". WHAT IS THE USE IN USING THEM THEN. 4.NO APPS , I THINK NOKIA MUST DEVELOPE IN BUILDING APPS 600%, ONCE AGAIN REPEATING IT YOUUUU MUST PROVIDE APPS, TRUE COMPANY APPS AT A MUCH HIGHER LEVE. I THINK YOUR APP STORE IS A "DUSTBIN" WITH 99% USELESS APPS. I THINK NOKIA HAS NO INTEREST AND KNOWLEDGE REGARDING THEM. PLEASE CHANGE YOUR ATTITUDE OVER IT. 5. I AM TRUELY REPENTING OVER BUYING THIS MOBILE "LUMIA 520". ONE OF THE WORST MOBILES I HAVE EVER BOUGHT. 6. MY FINAL WORD " IF NOKIA WANNA IMPROVE YOUR SALES, TRY THESE IMPROVEMENTS, OR I AM AFRAID YOU MAY FACE HUGE PROBLEMS WHEN PEOPLE ACTUALLY KNOW ABOUT LUMIA . 7. WE USE THE BLEADY CAMERA ONLY ONCE IN A DAY, BUT WE ALMOST AND ALWAYS USE APPS . KINDLY CONCENTRATE ON IT 8. ITS SHAME ON YOUR PART THAT WINDOWS PHONE DOES NOT HAVE GMAIL APP. 9. THE WORST PART OF LUMIA IS THE BROWSER. ONE OF THE WASTE AND WORST BROWSERS I HAVE EVER USED IN MY LIFE. FULLY FALTUUU BROWERS IN STORE. WASTE. WINDOWS 98 HAS A BETTER BROWSER. AND NO BROWSERS APPS IN THE STORE ATLEAST TO DOWNLOAD. SHAME, NO CHROME OR AT LEAST FIREFOX OR OPERA. 10. WITH ALL THESE WHAT IS THE USE OF A DUAL CORE PROCESSOR. USE LESS NOKIA IS PLAYING GAMES WITH PEOPLE'S FEELINGS AND UNDERSTANDING. //// FINALLY MY VERDICT --- SYMBIAN OS IS MUCH BETTER THAN WINDOWS 8. IF YOU REALLY WANT TO EXPERIENCE THE FRUITS OF TECHNOLOGY .. GO FOR ANDROID //// //// IF YOU DONOT DEVELOPE APPS YOU GONNA FACE HUGE PROBLEMS/// /// WINDOWS SUCKS ! LUMIA SUCKS! ////
Its been 4 months since i bot this phone, i have used it for 1 month and its been going back to Nokia Service center again and again for last 3 months,its all stared with screen lock button and now its screen is damaged all during this 3 months, i have not used it for 1 day in last 3 months. NOKIA DONT PROVIDE REPLACEMENTS, KEEPS REPAIRING IT, KEEP TAMPERING OTHER FUNCTIONAL COMPONENTS. NOKIA SERVICE IS PATHETIC, I WAS UNLUCKY THAT MY PHONE HAD A PROBLEM JUST AFTER 1 MONTH ELSE FLIPKART WOULD HAVE REPLACED IT. ( i know its sad) while i take my trips to nokia care, there are lots of complaints and unsatisfied customers , PLEASE DO NOT BUY SECOND HAND NOKIA LUMIA PHONES. PHONE IS REALLY GOOD TILL IT FUNCTIONS. (i expect such performance from CHINA phones, its gr8 untill its working kind of thing) BUILD QUALITY IS BAD, VERY VERY BAD. NO ONE TAKES RESPONSIBILITY HERE, NOKIA CARE -> NOKIA CARE HELP LINE -> NOKIA "BACK END TEAM" ->NOKIA EMAILS -> NOKIA HQ PHONE NO. Nokia HQ phone is not answered, NOKIA CARE HELP LINE IS NOT TOLL FREE NO. AFTER READING ALL THIS STILL IF YOU WANT TO BUY IT PLEASE CONTACT ME I WILL GIVE YOU MY NOKIA LUMIA 520 FOR FREE and GOOD LUCK WITH TRIPS TO NOKIA CARE CENTER.
Don't even think to buy windows phone weather it is nokia , Htc or anything. I bought this phone before two days, truly speaking you cannot do anything in this mobile. Even you don't have one video player also. From nokia they are giving the best hardware but you will stuck with windows OS. Previously i used android phone i thought the windows is better than android, But i was wrong. Android is Best.Windows is waste and worst OS. Android is open you can fly like free bird in android OS.
1. I bought a Nokia 520 on 7 May 2 IMEI : 355910056203491. Chalan no. 229/13-14. 2. The set started shutting down and restarting on its own, quite a few times, for no apparent reason. I returned the set to Bharat Electronic Trading Corp, which sent it to your sales office. 3.I was given a replacement after 15 (fifteen) days, (IMEI 355910058922965), but the new set could not register any memory card. 4. I set was sent to your Delhi office via Nokia service centre here. 5. After a fortnight, I issued me the repaired set. 6. But this started giving problems – now with the volume control switch and camera shortcut switch. On July 11, it shut down on its own and has been dead since then. I AM A NOKIA FAN, DO NOT WISH TO GO FOR FOR OTHER MAKES NOW.....
FIRST IMPRESSION ABOUT THE PHONE IS VERY GOOD. LOOKS GREAT AND WORKS FINE BUT WITH CERTAIN LIMITATIONS . DISPLAY IS VERY CLEAR AND BRIGHT BUT THE SCREEN MAY NOT BE GLASS AND NOT THAT BLACK AS NOKIA 603 WHICH I AM AT PRESENT USING.HENCE SCRATCH RESISTANCE MAY NOT BE VERY GREAT. CONNECTIVITY AND BROWSER RESPONSE IS VERY GOOD AND REALLY IMPRESSIVE. THE TOUCH SCREEN IS VERY SENSITIVE GRAPHICS AND STREAMING UPLOAD/DOWNLOAD IS AS FAST AS YOU GET ON A REGULAR LAPTOP WITH A HIGHEND PROCESSOR. ABSENCE OF FM RADIO MAY NOT BE AN ISSUE AT ALL WITH SO MANY FREE DOWNLOADS AVAILABLE FROM NOKIA MUSIC WIFI HOT SPOT WORKS GREAT AND USEFUL FOR OTHER PHONES TO GET CONNECTED TO NET EVEN WITHOUT A DATA PLAN. THE ABSENCE OF JAVA ENABLING MAKES IT IMPOSSIBLE TO USE THE PHONE FOR MOST OF THE BANKING APPLICATIONS WHICH CAN NOT WORK WITHOUT THAT.HOPE MICROSOFT WORKS ON IMPROVING WIN 8 FAST. OF COURSE THE OS IS STABLE AND SELDOM HANGS,BUT A WORD OF CAUTION. THOUGH IT HANDLES MULTITASKING,DO NOT KEEP MANY APPLICATIONS OPEN AT A TIME. HOPEFULLY IN THE NEXT THREE MONTHS NOKIA/MICROSOFT WILL CREATE MANY MORE APPLICATIONS WHICH WILL MAKE THE PHONE HIGHLY CUSTOMIZED. THE NEW USER INTERFACE FOR MESSAGING AND MAIL MAY BE DIFFICULT TO COMPREHEND FOR THE USERS OF SYMBIAN OS BUT YOU WILL START APPRECIATING ITS USEFULNESS IN NO TIME. OVERALL, IT IS VERY GOOD PHONE FOR THE MONEY YOU PAY AND YOU WILL ENJOY THE FEEL AND RESPONSE OF LUMIA 520. I STRONGLY RECOMMEND IT FOR PEOPLE WHO WANT TO HAVE A FEEL OF WIN 8 COMBINED WITH THE DEPENDABLE STURDY BUILD OF NOKIA,AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE
Purchased this model and the moment I open the box and found camera button not working . When called customer care they told since it is out of stock cant replace instead they can give the money back :( . Now I am returning this model .. Rating given for Nokia phone not for flip kart . Flip kart support is excellent ..
I purchased this phone from a store for rs 8200 , as I wanted to get it on the same day as I was without a phone . I was very excited with the look of the phone but soon I realized that the phone is not nice. within 6 days of using the phone I was regretting my decision . THIS PHONE DOES NOT HAVE SOME BASIC FEATURES.. Pros The camera is good The sound is good. Display is good. The look is good. Xbox games are good. Cons. NO audio equaliser No option to turn of AUTO Rotate. NO wallpaper . The worst User interference I have used till now, not a user friendly phone. I had to google of how to set a song as ringtone. NO wallpaper as well . you cannot share songs via wassap . Wassap is not good on windows , as it misses out on many things, I wont be able to give you a detail on that but use someones wassap on lumia and you will know. On wassap try to set your display pic via gallery , there is no option . Truecaller is very bad on windows as it is next to useless. android is is much better . The earphones of Lumia does not have a call pick button . A very bad user interference . Please dont purchase this phone .. I sold it after 20 days and suffered a loss of 1600 Rs . The other people whome I met after purchasing windows phone are regretting their decision . I have read many reviews stating that Lumia 520 does not have a Equaliser because its an entry level phone ... let me tell you I have a 1500 rs micromax which I had purchased 2 years ago , still it has an equaliser. Till now which ever phone I have used had an audio equaliser . All the good games and apps are PAID on windows , whereas on android they are free .. I am Purchasing an android now , and will never purchase a Nokia from now ...
The phone using Windows as OS was supposed to be very nice & feature rich. The actual usage however disappointed on most of the fronts. Firstly the Phone Book Organisation is the Worst I have seen till date even in Cheap Nokia Phones the Phone Book is much better organised. The Phone Hangs frequently. No option to stop tilting of Screen from Vertical to Horizontal. No option to set up Ring Tones for different Groups. Not supporting Midi File to be use as ring Tone. & similarly many more features missing. A much unwanted Thrust to put everything on Network. The GPS Features are very nice & useful.
1. NO FILE MANAGER: Nokia 520 does not have any file manager. So any music or office file(doc, pdf, xls) is impossible to trace once phone receives it via bluetooth or usb. 2. Windows Phone OS shipped with 520 is stripped down as user cannot create folders or move file on phone HD or SD which could be done on high range Lumia models. 3. MUSIC PLAYER Headache: While quality of sound is superb, user cannot create custom playlist and file is not read by its HD name. The music player recognizes file by Artist, Genre etc. In short if 1 file is loaded on phone, media player makes multiple copies of same file 2 to 10 times depending on where it is accessed. 4. The bug of music player which replicates same files occur again in Photographs and Videos. 5. Everything from Pdf reader to Ringtone maker needs to be downloaded from Windows Phone Market. 6. ADVICE: Invest some more money and get Nokia Lumia 521 or higher as it contains Amber update which resolves most issues associated with Lumias and comes with Full Windows Phone OS. 7. High Points: phone configuration and camera quality.
Well well well, Awesome touch.....and awesome presentation and management by Phone 8. Heap of apps on store. and everything i needed. (My Andro Frnz envy me for the style and awesome cell phone) And ofCourse the Nokia Music Store.....just awesome...you get everything there. Speed : Downloads 320 kbps songs from store under 14 Secs!!!. I dropped it thrice from table !!!! But its nokia :p..it dosent give a **** :) I am going to gift one to my bro :p
Just recently bought this phone. Had used Galaxy S+ 1.5-2 years ago. If you are a regular mobile user you will love it for it's simplicity. But if you are a power user who likes to play with mobile like PC then Windows is not for you. Pros: # Hardware top notch at this price. The camera is awesome, Touch is perfect, so is the design #At less than 10K all the Android phones are slow with usual hanging. But in this Phone OS is perfectly integrated, no hanging. # UI is very clean compared to messy Android UI. # I liked the tile interface although initially hating it. Cons: # Before buying it I was aware of the low app base but coming from Android background I found the apps to be almost negligible. Most of them are paid even though same apps are free on andriod. The first thing I felt were missing ICICI, HDFC app, TrueCaller not fully intetegrated with dialer, File Manager, Video Player. # Hell biggest dissapontment was No Screen rotation disable functionality. I find it really difficult to read while lying down on bed.. # Some of the most comman video format are not supported. Avi,mkv etc. Default player cann't pick subtitles. There is no MXplayer or VLC like player on Windows. # Due to Windows "secure" Architecture, file manager can not be made for it. # Cann't remove Email contacts from the Contacts. I've 100s of Email Ids store in my outlook account. They all have been synced with phone numbers and appearing in contacts. # Cann't correct wrong number from the middle in Dailer. # Cann't send send videos,mp3 throgh whatsapp. # IE explorer does not allow browsing and uploading any file
I was skeptical on buying Windows Phone first, but then every review I read on sites was praising it like it was the best thing in the world, and anyone who says something negative gets bashed by Windows Phone fans. As for me I have used Windows Mobile 6.x, Symbian S60 & S90, Android JB (current), iOS 6 (current). Let me start by saying that Android for me is still the best OS in the market, it's simple for a normal user while can be tweaked beyond limit for an advanced user according to one's need. iOS while pretty limited still has best quality apps and best games are still iOS only or come to iOS first. Now Windows Phone is a has a strange dilemma, it wants to be like Android by supporting various devices from different manufacturers while it wants to mimic iOS in terms of less fragmentation by limiting the specs and features. And because of this sole reason it is failing to capture both sides. By limiting the customizability and hardware support Microsoft has limited the manufacturers ability to differentiate themselves from one another in the market, while allowing Nokia to add custom features is also adding the fragmentation to the WP market. Also the dead WP7 is nothing but fragmentation. This makes MS position really difficult neither it can compete with Android for it's customizability nor the integration and less fragmentation of iOS. Now coming onto the looks of the OS, I agree it looks better in personal then in pictures. But still nothing much to write about, I still prefer the Android which can be customized to one's liking. The much hyped live-tiles are nothing but dumbed down widgets of Android. As for the performance although this device is not the most powerful device, but still it boasts of pretty decent hardware Dual-core Krait and 512 MB RAM with Adreno 305. I can still notice a small lag when I click an application in the Start Screen even when phone was brand new with up-to-date OS and no extra apps installed. As far as apps are concerned no prizes for guessing, very few apps exist. Most big apps are either missing, out-dated, or developed by Microsoft themselves or by some unknown third-party developers. Most basic features taken for granted in others OSs are missing. One of the most irritating thing I noticed was that it instantly dropped WiFi and canceled all downloads from Windows app store as soon as screen locked out. Everything aside, I can't blame Nokia here much, they managed to give decent hardware specs at a very affordable price. This phone shares design cues from it's bigger Lumia brothers. But this is not a unibody design and back covers are interchangeable. I do hate how difficult it is to open the back cover as there is no latch or switch to make cover lose but you need to take it off from every corner slowly to avoid scratching the screen till it comes off. The screen is average and has no Gorilla Glass, plus it attracts a lots of finger marks. In the end this is a really good phone which is let down by an average OS. I would recommend it less tech-savvy people who don't need much features from their smartphone, and someone who is upgrading feature phone for first time and does not want to be intimated by the features of Android and does not want to spend more money on iPhone.
Hello guys. Prior to buying my lumia 520, several people gave me advice that i should go for android phone because windows does not have much apps etc. I reviewed a lot about mobile phones. My budget was around 15k. So have options of Nokia 520, 620, Canvas 2 , canvas hd and samsumg quatro. Certainly after gaining experience i will never prefer MIcromax or other chinese brands because i am sure after some time ur phone will trouble u. I need smart phone having reasonable size to fit my pocket and same time should entertain me as well. Finally i bought my lumia 520. I wll like to say: 1. Cutest look. 2 . Resonable size:4 inches. 3. Awesme Camera quality. but no flash (drawback). 4. wow games: Archer, 3D Racing , Temple run and countless...... 5. Good back.up. 6. Almost all apps supported: Wats Ap, Wechat LIine, and countless...... 7. Internet Speed: Super quick. Dear friends it is a must have phone with in 10k....... Go for it.. At par if not more than android.. Love my lumia 520.
Firstly, i like to thnx, flipkart for amazing packing , And Excellent Delivery. So, from last 7 days i m using it, 1. 4inch screen,(slim bar) 2.love the display (9 out of 10) 3.Looks is so amazing(spl yellow color) 4.Windows 8 5.fast internet (1Ghz processor, 512 ram) 6.Best for game. All the things with in 10500 rupees, Can u imagine.... JUST< GO AND BUY IT>>>>>>>
Great Grear great .... After huge disappointed with my Samsung Galaxy series & Android , i'm again Back to Nokia ..... After the single tym use ... itz realy an heavenly xprnz to me... the phon is faar far better frm my previous toyz Such as Galaxy Ace , motorola Defy & xperia arch.. i feel the Samsung company is living only with the luck in india... Samsung the cashLoooter suckz to the core... all the indianz try this phone... itz realy awesome Nokia is grear
I ordered this phone from flipkart and got delivered in 3 days, Hats off to thir service, but NOKIA needs to put extra efforts on the quality of the phone, 1. The phone camera button on the side panel does not work, so i have asked to refund my money and they have ensured that, some one will be there to take the mobile back. 2. The display of the phone shows some truncation of the another tab in the queque. 3. No screen guard for the mobile from the NOKIA. Micro SIM is another issue.
I am an average phone user and was looking for a basic smart phone to call, SMS, click pictures, mail them and sometimes access Internet. After reading all the reviews here on flipkart Nokia Lumia 520 I decided to buy this phone and the only word I have for this device since the time I have started using it 'disastrous'. It's been a. Total failure and pain and utter waste of money. Not sure if its to do with windows or Nokia, nonetheless it's been a horrible experience. I don't understand all the tech jargon so I will put it very simply- - call quality and network connectivity is extremely poor, my phone is perpetually out of range and even if I manage to connect a call, the call quality is terrible. - battery life is the worst ever. If I do not use the phone for anything stall, the battery lasts for at most 2/3rd of the day - the phone heats up even after a 10 minute conversation, so much so that it is I possible to use it for the next 20-30 minutes - taking pictures is a nightmare and the click button has its own moods to click or not to click. No matter how long or less I press the button it just doesn't take picture.i have managed to click 5-10 pictures in the last 2 months. - it has no notification mechanism for new messages on chat application, well I have tried only whatsapp and it never gives a notification - now it has even stopped registering any call logs, so I basically have no clue if I have any missed calls - for the last few days it has stopped even receiving SMS and even though the SMS icon will show a new SMS when I go in to check there is no new message - not to mention the number of times this phone hangs and the only way to reboot it is to take out and put the battery back again. - every time it hangs and comes back, it goes back to some random date and time and deletes any messages post that date - the back panel covering the battery is very loose and keeps coming off. I have had a terrible experience with this phone and would not recommend it to anyone.
I have been using this phone for last 3 weeks. Earlier I was using an Android phone. So I have experience in using both OS. Here is my feedback on Nokia Lumia 520/ Windows 8 OS. Pros: 1. New, refreshing UI. At least the home screen feels great with the new tiles feature 2. Absolutely buttery and smooth experience, no lag at all 3. very good Sound quality, while calling, on or off-speaker 4. Free download of enormous amount of music 5. Free movies with Big Flix app 6. Last but not the least excellent price (< 10K) Cons: 1. Typing experience not so great. They have so much confidence on their dictionary that they don’t allow you to change a letter in the middle of a word. So once you have types something line ‘Hersh’ and want to correct it to ‘Hursh’ (may be your friend spells his name like this), it forces you to pick up the word ‘Harsh’ from the dictionary. you cannot go in the middle of the word and correct just one letter. The only option you have is to erase the entire word and type it again. I found this quite absurd. It becomes much more painful if you are typing in a local language and using longer words, one mistake and erase the whole word. (I would appreciate if someone has found a solution to it and can share the same with me). 2. Absolutely poor in number and quality of apps. There is no comparison between the App store of Android (Google Play) and Windows (store). There are so many wonderful and productive apps for android but very few, rather none, for Windows. Look for apps for banks, News, ...., ....., and you will see the difference. When I was using android everyday I used to see new and better apps, in WP I go to the store and every time I see the same app giving me a feeling that no one is interested in WP apps. Without apps a smart phone is nowhere even close to being smart. Older Nokia phones were equally good. 3. Video Player :- OMG. This is the worst thing one can see in a smart phone. You play the video and let it go. You don’t have a control on the horizontal bar so if you want to forward it to the time, say, 10:20, you cannot do that. There is a forward button, but it is too basic to say the least. I have stopped watching videos on this phone. 4. Some of the basic things, such as changing the ring tone to the song you like has been made so cumbersome. You need to connect your phone to a computer copy the song into ringtone folder before you can set it as the phone’s ringtone. In my opinion this is quite lame. 5. MS forces you to use its own applications every now and then. While creating a contact, you have to have a hotmail account and a contact would be created as hotmail contact. Further while using many applications, I felt like being forced to share my data and information which was not the case with Android. 6. Font Size:- All I can say is the font size on various screens were decided by some brain-dead designer. The useful information will be displayed at 1/10th size of the unwanted information. Part of the Text from the next screen will keep hanging on the current screen, which initially looks like a bug before you get used to it. Overall, I use this phone mostly for receiving and making calls, browsing and doing things which can be done using explorer. I no longer get the feel of using a smart phone with Lumia 520. When I was using Android phone, I was much happier with my ‘Smart’ phone. ---------- Update on 29-july-13 Further issues identified: 1. Phone keeps on restarting on its own. Don't know why. Did some research on the net and only solution being suggested it to reset it to factory setting. WOW.. now that's not what I should be doing for every new problem I face. 2. Further usability issues: if you have a contact with more than one number, and you have called him/her, there is no way to find which number you called. the only way I found was to go to call log and redial the number, quickly see the number and disconnect. Funny, isn't it!!! :) Android has a clear history of calls along with name and numbers. 3. Still very very few useful apps available in the store. Have completely stopped going there to look for new apps.
Most of the reviews here are fake reviews telling about the out appearance and specifications. The biggest backdrop in this phone is it OS. Frankly, it sucks. You ask me why 1. Apps freeze in background when you are doing multitasking, when you restart them, it takes time. 2. Not so many apps you get from the store, for sure, it takes so much time to make a windows app. 3. Most of the useful apps you find in store will be by Nokia or Windows. Specifically, not the most wanted apps are from the real franchise, most of them are made by Microsoft and their working sucks(Facebook is one such an app). 4. Internal space will just filled up if you install 20+ apps and for most of the apps you cant delete the app data. 5. No need of Dual core processor, believe me, its just show off. Show me one app or game in Nokia 520 that really need a dual core processor. It is just to cover up all the software cons with hardware. 6. Phone apps work very slow on 2G data and its super slowpoke. 7. 3rd party apps or data is not at all supported. you cant access your SD card for reading or viewing or accessing anything. Few things only we can buy it for is battery backup, show off hardware and design, Nokia music, Office suite.
I have using Windows phone for last 9 months. I am seeing lot of positive reviews for this phone on flipkart however I want bring certain point to notice: Hardware: Nokia hardware is top class and no issues with it. The problem is software. There are many nuisance with windows phone which other people have described here but the biggest of all is memory management. The thing with this OS is it do not automatically clears its temp cache files. So gradually your phone will commit suicide. The memory will keep on accumulating and you will not have any means to remove junk files except to format it. You will not able perform as simple task as sending a SMS because it will tell you that you don't have enough memory to perform this task. And I hope you know how inconvenient it is to keep formatting your phone. You will lose all your contacts,apps etc. If you don;t believe me google " Other storage problem in Lumia" Over that you cannot share pdf,etc via bluetooth. You cannot send music and videos via whatsapp. If you have to send multiple files via email, you have to send multiple emails. You don't have a notification centre, gravity lock, so many other missing features. In short this OS is a crap.
I was strongly thinking of exchanging it for my newly replaced nokia E 5 but its so expensive after exchange that I refrained from buying it I think they should bring down the price to 6.5 ~ 5.5 k for better response till then dont think it will be wise to exchange your mobile for 1000 bucks worthless offer
believe me all of u android users use this phone and u will just forget ur samsung or any other android device....the os is simply awesome and so are the features of this phone.....caused me no problem at all.......and please don't cry about the apps all the time...it has got all the necessary apps and most of the games too...one of my friend preferred samsung grand over it and his phone is causing a lot of problems like hanging and all dat....so is my another's friend canvas.........better go with windows phone guys
Dear Blind buyers.. How will u manage files in windows phone 8 as there is no file manager in this phone nor in windows store... There is also no FM radio, call blocker etc even whatsapp hangs in windows phone... Don't praise Lumia 520 as Microsoft is expert in fooling consumers many essential features are missing in windows phone.. This phone should have rated negative as most important feature of file manager is missing in this phone, my 10K bucks has been wasted. I should have opted for android. No one noticed this big fault in Lumia series
Hello Friends, Purchase the phone from flipkart.com, again amazed with the delivery service, but Nokia Sucks with Windows phone. Here are the pros and cons for this phone Pros: 1) Budget phone, comes under 8000 INR 2) 5 MP Camera, good quality 3) Good Battery backup 4) Awesome build quality Now, I am not able to think of any further pros, however I've a lot to talk about if I think about cons, here are a few of them 1) No Flash Light 2) Super Slow Processor, phone keeps on hanging every now and then, I need to keep on restarting it for more than 10 times in a day. 3) Worse sound quality, NOKIA was never that worse. 4) Earphone that NOKIA provides with this phone is very cheap: NOKIA HAVE SOME COURTESY, we paid for a smartphone! And you're providing headphone that you provide with any basic NOKIA PHONE. 5) Worse Touch Screen, if you try typing something, it'll come up with something else, as the touch is not at all responsive. 6) No Front Camera Given, again a blunder from Lumia, NOKIA: why do you people are over confident and keep on missing silly things in your phone. That's ridiculous, you keep on missing thing, Samsung provide that, and here they WIN. 7) The Softkey key at the very bottom they've given does not makes any sense, because it's not at all responsive. NOKIA: If you can't afford providing Softkey why do you put them there, just go with Hardkeys, this will not at all affect your impression, because you're not left with any. People, I will keep on writing for days because there a lot to talk about this. I've been a big fan of Windows Phone, and have used Samsung Omnia W before and have had no problem at all, but NOKIA with Windows Phone sucks. Buy on your own risk. My suggestion: Go with any Samsung Android Phone as they've stopped selling Windows Phone. Anyways, there is no specific reason to Buy a Windows Phone apart from the Name. Android got them all. Go for Android, You'll be happy. Thanks again for your time. Enjoy :) Cheers... BBye
I will just directly come to Pros and Cons Pros Nice looking phone.Looks different from other popular Android phones. Good Scroll and touch Cons Bluetooth - You can only receive files and cannot send them.....Microsoft says stop piracy No USB Mass storage mode - Yes its true...you cannot directly access files on your phone.For that you need to have a windows 8 PC which will sync your files....Microsoft again says stop piracy and buy some software from Microsoft to sync your phone. Time lag - I have started facing this issues after 3 weeks while operating the phone.I will try to explain with an example.Whenever I am playing any song and press the back button,it shows waiting sign and takes around 2 second to show the previous screens.I do not think for such kind of thing it should take this long.It reminds me of windows on my old PC.I am not sure if other users are also experiencing this. Verdict - Only buy this phone if you are fine with its limitations or you are a big Microsoft/Windows Fan. For me .....I am a certified buyer on flipkart and am regretting after buying this phone. (I am not even able to directly transfer pics from my phone to my laptop.) I also think the users having top rated review for Lumia 520 on flipkart seems to be paid by Microsoft to write so biased reviews.They seem to be advocating that Microsoft is doing good by imposing so many limitations and we should follow all the rules laid down by Microsoft. About Flipkart - As always wonderful service and on time delivery.Five Stars to Flipkart for all the products and books I have purchased from here.
Got this phone from US, got it unlocked and using it since 6 months. Heres what my experience with this phone. GOOD THINGS:- 1) Good screen size with great clarity resolution. 2) Good at internet usage with wifi and mobile net connection. 3) Good enough apps n games from nokia store. ( but not as many as you get in google play) 4) Sound n music playback is fine. 5) Good camera with auto focus. Even without flash, takes good pics and videos almost HD quality. BAD THINGS:- 1) Poor battery backup, for normal user like me, full charge last for 2 to 4 hours max. 2) This phone i got have FM, unlike I dont know why Akhil Jain in his review mentioned no FM in this handset. But its not at all user friendly, cant save stations, have to tune for stations all the time. 3) Used to get over heat like electric induction stove in the initial days of usage, now i feel its not getting that hot. 4) Would have been better if given dual sim option. 5)Sound output speaker is at back bottom left side, if you leave phone on pillow,sofa or bedsheet, you cant hear ringtone to well due to its super flat shape at back. Overall I could say its OK phone but not the best. Hope this review helps.......
initially it worked good, but after 8-9 months it showed true colors. It hangs too much and user feel inferior with win 8 app store which is way behind android.
This device changed the game. Such a good looking device for 10k(when I bought it) that performed so smoothly was a fresh change after using devices like galaxy ace priced at that point. The screen was a winner, the features were, the fluidity, the responsiveness, the elegance of wp8, the convenience of downloaded maps for entire nations needing 0 data to navigate anywhere and everywhere made this the best phone of 2013. This phone was worth every penny even at its initial price. I don't recommend you buy this today though because you have 525 or 630 for not much more money but this's the device that created a revolution in the smartphone market where quality was proportional to price and l520 proved you could get the awesome build quality of nokia and a lag-free smartphone experience at a budget - price point. I have dropped this phone at least 5 times on hard concrete, roads and floors, never has the screen cracked, never has it malfunctioned, never have any sensors been affected. Scratches on the plastic is all it got. This phone truly deserves 5 stars.
Bought this only because Nokia is known for good battery, but turned out to be a big disappointment. Hardly any apps available for windows
Battery power seems to be very worst. Charge is not withstanding more than 4hrs... even when u don play music in the phone. But when i bought the same phone in a local store, i did not get any complaints. The catlwalk flat that i bought 5 months is now totally torn... Buying in flipkart really making me having second thoughts henceforth.
I purchased Nokia Lumia 520 in Nov 2013, the battery is not getting charged and not even coming for 2 hours after full night charge. Since it is under warranty, we went to Nokia care. They said the repair can not be done using warranty and need to pay 1300 for repair. I checked with two location of Nokia care in Bangalore, finally gave to Koramangala, Bangalore branch for repair. Be ready to spend money for repair if you are going for Nokia product even in warranty period like this !!!
Don't buy this contraption So many problems within 50 days. sim error wifi error Email Preinstalled Browser Internet Explorer 10 GPRS Yes EDGE Yes, 236.8 kbps 3G Yes, 21.1 Mbps HSDPA; 5.76 Mbps HSUPA Wifi Yes, 802.11 b/g/n USB Connectivity Yes, micro USB, v2 Tethering Wi-fi Hotspot Navigation Technology A-GPS, GLONASS, with Nokia Maps Bluetooth Yes, v3, Supported Profiles (OPP 1.1, PBAP 1.0, HFP 1.5, A2DP 1.2, AVRCP 1.4)
I have too many problems with my phone, in first two weeks it suddenly gets hang, reboot without any reason(even when on stand by) and now after nearly 6 weeks its touch screen has stopped functioning.
I have purchased the NOKIA LUMIA 520 (Black colour) phone on 2nd Jan, 2014. My phone hardly gives a battery back up of around 1 to 1.5 hours after being fully charged. Hence - 1) I have already replaced the battery after going to the NOKIA CARE many times (Ace Communications, Nokia Care Center, Pitampura, New Delhi). Still there is NO DIFFERENCE, AND BATTERY LASTS ONLY 1 HOUR. 2) MY recent visit to (Ace Communications, Nokia Care Center, Pitampura, New Delhi) - they submitted my mobile phone and changed it's touch part. STILL NO DIFFERENCE. 3) MY PHONE HAS STARTED HEATING AFTER the repairment done by the (Ace Communications, Nokia Care Center, Pitampura, New Delhi). IT IS DIFFICULT TO HOLD AND WORK. 3) NOW THAT I HAVE BEEN TO NOKIA CARE over four times in ONE month , and DEAL WITH ONLY POOR SERVICE. I AM VERY DISSATISFIED BY THE PERFORMANCE, AS only one month has passed since I have purchased the phone. THE SERVICE IS VERY POOR, AND I AM HIGHLY FRUSTRATED. AS A RESULT I AM NOT GOING TO RECOMMEND NOKIA PHONES TO ANYONE!! ps: Dont buy - #POORSERVICE #BATTERYSUCKS #BUYSAMSUNG
Few key features are missing...alert notification, $ key missing on default keypad...frequent hangs..
Hi, I am using this device since last 2 months and i want to share some good and some bed things. Good Things: > Excellent touch experience. > Excellent camera quality (Video and image both) > Excellent font design and color. > Nicely design user interface. > Video watching experience is good. > Good email facility with outlook > Beautiful design. > Display resolution is excellent. > Skydrive facility is outstanding. > Nokia Mix Radio is outstanding. > Here Maps and Drive is awesome. No one can beat Nokia in Map. Bad Things: > There are some problem to create playlist. u can not create multiple playlist as per your choice. > No Equalizer (Is this smartphone???) > Sound quality and build quality of headphone is pathetic. > Sometimes lock facility is not working properly and after unlock the phone is henge. > No useful application in app store like Google and apple. > Almost all useful apps and games are payable so u have no option for free Apps > No shortcuts menu like other smart phones > No option for multiple image sharing. > Video sharing facility is not available > phone heated while using calls, playing games and web browsing.
Flip cart is best in his service full marks......but NOKIA I am using this phone since last 20days... I am first time smart phone user, first handset i had replaced due to over hitting while charging. I face same problem in new handset but in very small %. I am hardly using any big apps or gaming still this phone hangs so frequently. I had remove the battery & restart the phone. Even if we use this phone for 10min for temple run or music is gen rating hit on topside of phone. Ear phone set does not have button to answer the phone. This might be my personal experience but would like to share with my flipcart friends...
Hi guys I am working in oil field and I buy this phone from flip cart after reading comments from different selling sites. But I am disappointed. It’s a good phone for video, Audio and Image. Have a lots of camera functions. And technical points are also good. But practically you have to rethink. All the good technical comparisons you can read through the previous comments. But through my experience the major problems are. 1.Sending files through Bluetooth to lumia 520 is a big issue. Received Audio, Image files will show up in the designated folder. But if you send any pdf or office files it will not shows. In Adobe reader will show you if you give view immediately when you received. But if you send more than 1 file it will shows the last one only. If you saved files via USB cable to memory card, then you can read that. 2.Video files can't be sent but download 'pocket file manager' app and you will be able to share some video files. 3.You cannot delete the pdf files. If you click on settings, it shows the “Delete” task as cannot use. Again use PC to delete the pdf files in the memory card. 4.No file manager. if you download file manager from windows app store, it will show you only the content in memory card and video audio image files from phone. If you connect the phone to PC, it will shows the full contend in the memory card, but video, Image and audio files from phone. 5.You can download the windows phone app from desktop (same like NOKIA PC SUITE). But not as same as pc suite. Through this you can only synchronize the video, Audio and images file. 6.By mistake if you send any unsupported bulky items through Bluetooth to this phone, you cannot delete that. Because you don’t know where it is stored, and you will lost your space. 7.The only way to remove the items in the phone is rebooting or factory resetting. 8.This is not a smart phone without file manager. 9.The ICON mode of the application screen is only for 44 applications. If you download 45 applications the screen will turn to LIST mode and no option to bring it to normal. The view is so bad my friends. 10.Hire map is good. If you download Area map, then you don’t need internet connection for navigation. Battery is also good.
Woooow.... Just been using it for a couple of days. Here are somethings I want to share...... 1.Do not listen to people who say only bad things about Nokia or Windows without using it. 2.This is a great phone with almost everything you want in it.(Keep in mind the price-7900 from flipkart) 3.All apps that is required are found in the stores. No junk apps like Android to slow your phone. 4. Cam is great and OS is excellent. ZERO Lags in operation. 5.Music Store Experience has been great download almost 250+ songs, tracks and it used only 500MB i.e on on average 2 MB / song with an excellent music clarity. (saves you a lot of time and MBs) 6. MAPS are good and accurate. 7. Build Quality is excellent. No crap like many reputed Android Phones. All in all a great piece of creation from Nokia.
After ordering the item, it was not delivered even after 10 days, with the customer care saying to wait for 3 days to get a proper reply after each complaint again and again and later the order was just cancelled. Highly unexpected when I had heard better reviews previously. Very poor customer care.
useful for normal purpose.8 gb internal memory useful to install many apps and games.touch is quick responsive.screen clarity is too good.camera avg.i like music store free to download songs directly in mobile.around 8k price it is best mobile in market.
I ordered this phone around a month ago. It appears great and I have no complaints with it. It is value for money.
Superb mobile. Very easy to use and a worthable smartphone for just 8K. As usual a very Quick and Safe delivery from Flipkart.
1.) Its really good... im bit confused between android and windows OS, but after buying nokia 520 its amazing..... just amazing...!!! 2.) Plz dont compare with android... wat all u can do with tat u can also do in this.. 3.) inbuilt memory is 8 Gb, u cannot find any android phone with 8Gb memory in this price. 4.) camera is too good with photo size of (1.3 - 1.5 mb) soo its big when u see in ur computer or upload in facebook (clarity is superb). 5.) touch screen is soo good as apple and clarity also the same.(i have used both so im telling this). 6.) I have download 30+ games, it has no lags 7.) music lovers can go for it blindly bcoz it come with nokia music subcrib.... of unlimited songs in most of the languages and hollywood, bollywood, stars hit like sivaji hits, superstar rajini hits etc... then last one is u can download in singleclick tat is very easy to search and download .... 8.) finally I LOVE THIS PHONE
I brought this phone for my Bro. He was using Xperia Mini Pro which , got died by non responsive display panel. Lumia 520, to say looks elegant and cool and very easy to use. Nokia did a good job bringing a WP8 mobile is Value segment. My First opinion was to go for HTC Desire C or Xperia E, but now this looks to be a good one. Lumia 520 is a very good phone for people who want a Smartphone day-to-day basis.
good mobile within the budget, even thought lake of flash, and front facing camera, and e-compass, windows 8 is also user friendly os,
I have a question about windows phone in general.i have a lumia620 and planning to buy a 520.the problem i found with the 620 is that over time the 'OTHER' memory kepps getting filled and there is no way to clear it.it has taken up around 2gb space on my phone,this is a serious limitation.can anyone suggest a solution
I recently brought Lumia and this is my first smart phone. I am very much satisfied with this phone. Complete Office tools seems quite good, games and apps are really fast. Nokia Music Stores brings music much more nearer with instant download facility (less than 15 sec for Wi-Fi). Making a phone call or sending an sms is much faster and response for loading applications is quicker. Audio,video quality and Screen Display are very much impressive. You really cannot find a better phone for this price range. I am not sure; If You synced for android and new to windows ., you might not exited after buying it. If you are looking for a smart phone with basic features and with in your ideal price range, no look further - go ahead and buy it.
Pretty phone for this budget. My 1st windows phone and now am in love wid windows. Nice interface and touch works very well. Solid body and looks good, camera is decent too... Overall its a 'wow' phone considering the bestest deal by Flipkart for this one. P.S. - bought 2 Lumia 520 phones, red color and a black one
Pretty phone for this budget. My 1st windows phone and now am in love wid windows. Nice interface and touch works very well. Solid body and looks good, camera is decent too... Overall its a 'wow' phone considering the bestest deal by Flipkart for this one.
Great phone, Timely Delivered. Working perfect as of now. Loved Lumia phones anyways. Great Value for money! Shall get back if face any problems.
Comparing with android phone navigation are very speed, The only draw back is Cam pic quality is worst,and also it wont support .flv files.
I liked this phone in smart phone category and purchased at best price that too from flip kart. Awesome experience with flipkart and best offer.
Feeling good with the product. Battery performance is good. Processing speed is better than Android. Bluetooth is little bit headache with this OS.
Moved from android to WINDOWS, I dont regret. Awesome Phone at this price.I liked it, u cant expect much more at this price. Very nice phone with a classy look and design. Battery problem is there, which is with almost every smartphone. Almost 20 hours battery backup with continous usage of 7-8 hours music,whatsapp,internet etc etc. 5MP Camera is awesome, touch is superb. 8gb internal memory bt u get only 4-5 gb for actual usage.No Hang probs, its very fast. And there are various/lots of applications/apps which is meaningful for anyone. Overall, satisfied with the phone at the price around 8k.
First of all thanks to Flipkart to delivering the product in time and it's brand new. Superb phone with superb 1Ghz processor combined with 512 MB RAM. If you noticed that this phone has a little ram you are wrong. But less ram memory is enough Windows Phone. I didn't find any lags till now from Dec 4th. Camera is brilliantly crafted with 5 megapixels clarity and an amazing feature is there that is video recording with HD (720p) clarity. And MS Office is there for office work. And it has Windows Phone 8 with Lumia Amber software release. I gaurantee that everyone will blown away by it's brilliantness as I did after opening the package. Thank you.
In the past I have been using N82 for more than 3 years, time had come for a replacement because my N82 started failing. I was skeptical about Windows phones; looking at everyone using Android had an impact on me. My opinion about windows phone changed when I had experienced for the first time. Already many detailed reviews are posted about this phone, I am thankful for those reviews because it made me to buy this phone. I handle my phone little rough, so knowing that I haven't spent much money on my phone gives me a piece of mind. The user interface on windows phone is tile based, you would get used to it sooner than expected. If you decide to buy this phone based on the hardware configurations then you might be wrong because this phone is not resource hungry. Also, I have heard people making comparisons about the number of Apps available in the App store. You need to remember most of the famous Apps have windows platform, if not Nokia has created them for you. How does it matter if an App store has 1 billion Apps when you won’t need more than few 10's or 100's of Apps? I have also bought SanDisk 64 GB memory card and screen guard. The best part was Nokia providing 3 or 4 months of free music download. I had downloaded more than 1000 albums free :-)
I wrote above this due to its: 1. Smart look 2. Handy, Easily handled by one hand...not too small not too big. 3.Excellent Processing Speed. 4. Almost all Apps. 5.Excellent camera Quality. 6.Excellent touch. 7.Thanks to Nokia music ,almost all songs and original songs ( Unique Feature compare to others brands) 8.Whole MS Office. 9. 8 GB internal memory, 7 GB on air, recently upgraded to 20 GB on my phone by microsoft. 10.If you Buy this everyday you will find some thing new in it...so many features, and all are useful.. i am writing all this after using this phone for more than 4 months...Trust Me, Best Phone in its category...!!!
kudos for flipkart for fast delivery and most reasonable price... Looks are killer, dont waste money on phones above 10 k, literally this phone have all the features that a 15 k phone of sony or samsung have(if u are a normal user) p.s. I am a previous samsung s advance user, it lasted only for 6 months followed y the replacemnt by the company.
Am using lumia520 for 3 weeks now and its amazing. Compared to mobiles at the same rates and with same fetures, i'll go with this one.
goood features .. getting a dula antina 21 mbps handset ..tht aswme ... windows phone UI is good ..difficult to use in begining but later its easy ... onlt one problm : battery .. Its about 1 day max . @ Flipkart : Excellent Delivery .
The User experience is truly awesome, the battery backup too is real good. At this price tag you can't go wrong with this phone.
Nokia has been dominant in Mobile Quality for several years and with the new generation android phones seen on the rise since last couple of years, Nokia with its Windows Platform Phone came up to match the android experience. Phone is light weight and easy to use. It was an easy experience for me from switching from Android to Blackberry to Windows. Highly recommended for users who wish to buy phone
This phone is truly a value product. Apart from a few drawbacks like no flash and secondary camera, this phone has all you need. The OS is well designed and works really fast. The best part is that you can keep changing your phone colour with the removable back panel. All in all, it's a really good phone for the price.
The phone is awesome after using it for 3monts. And flipkart delivery was awesome got the phone in just a day
lumia is a good device. User friendly and within 10K this device seems to be a cool for those who aren't much interested in Smart phone. This serves you with fast and reliable apps.
recently bought this mobile best mobile for the price butter smooth os offline map no lag 4inch screen..even i have galaxy s duos which is 6 months old very cheap quality plastic paint came off with in 6 months of very less usage not worth the money...
I bought this phone as a gift for my mom. And, is she happy with this little beauty! IMO, this is the best 4-inch smartphone that one can buy sub-10k.
today is 24 day of using nokia lumina till today i am facing a problem,it self shut down or cell becomes power off and it some times fequently becomes shut down i am so much upset and not happy with nokia lumina 520.this problem makes me suffering so i am going to clam this phone to replace
This phone has better camera resolution considering the fact that it does not have flash......good sound quality and is easy to handle...
awesome phone giveing 5 star +very fast +very beautiful +fast browsing in 2G +Good Camera +Nokia Map (batter than Google maps) +good battery backup +Very smooth Touch ... . -no front facing camera
I have ordered my phone in the evening and the very next evening I got it great piece of work and of course the phone is very great I am a windows phone user hence wanted to repeat it and the features I wanted is all there in this phone for students it is a good phone to start with
This is one of the best and cheapest Lumia by Nokia.. Nokia provides best OS comparable to iOS. No Piracy and wonderful security
guysss this is a superphone fast processor sexy camera and a excellent UI go ahead without any second thought
Best product....5 STAR....I have Android phone and 70% applications in Android are worst. Windows 8 mobile applications are just ROCK..Go for it.....Lumia 520 is best if budget less than
Have always been critics of window's phone initially but finally bought this phone for cousin sis This is by far the best touch screen phone in this price range with evolving interface of MS windows 8.0 wouldnt recommand any android device between 3K - 20K cause they always lags somehow or another and no OS updates for older phones Caution: Windows interface is still not that matured but most of the apps are their to play arounf
As expected...this has "different" (Windows) OS...but eventually it's an excellent value for money once you get used to it. Excellent product at this price!
Zip ur mouths u Androiders. Here comes,Windows phone with a bang on target. As usual am impressed with the service of Flipkart. Got it booked last week and received at home the very next day. So after using this phone for about a week nw i can confidently say Lumia 520 is the best in market at this range. UI is so refreshing unlike the boring Android UI.. Pros: Excellent built quality Best camera with lenses at this range (pls don ask fr Flash fr the money u give) Super sensitive touch screen looks definitively above the price paid 4" screen, Biggest in this range Windows 8 OS the best rated UI Apps have started to fill in Store. Almost all basic apps are already there. Don't believe in rumours. Free Nokia HERE maps which gives accurate directions. FM has been added with the last Amber update. Call quality is crystal clear. The awesome Nokia Music Mix which streams original music of ur taste anytime The live tiles are just awesome. Past 1 week i never experienced any lag even after filling the phone memory almost. Btw filling up 8gb internal memory s nt a joke. Screen picture quality is as specified with IPS. Cons: Getting used to without File manager may take sometime Headphones supplied is too simple, no call answer button. Even a headphones with call button jus don work No background downloads. Yes.. Overall the windows phone has its own way of style n rendering. Once u get used to it u ll sure love it.
I bought a 520 (Black) for my father. This is the best phone for this price range that I could have bought for him. Windows Phone 8 slides like a charm on top of fairly beautiful screen. The dual core processor speaks for itself. Although the RAM (512MB) is a bit low, but given the price range and the performance the 520 delivers, I won't complain. Battery life is decent, it certainly beats my Nexus 4. Pros: +Great value for money +Dual core 1GHz processor +Great quality of screen (of size 4") +Decent camera in this range +Decent battery Cons: -Camera button on the unit I got sucks huge time. It became too hard to press after two weeks of delivery. -WP platform not for those looking for Android goodness
My Rating is 4/5. Nokia Lumia 520 is the most easiest and fastest affordable Smart Phone in its class as of now.(LG Optimus or Samsung's Galaxy Grand is mostly junk,a bit better than chinesse clones though.I can say this because I have bad experience with korean smart phones.) I can't believe that the processor is just as basic as 1 GHz.Most games run smoothly. Windows Phone 8 OS is just fantastic,better than Android.This phone's processor outperforms Samsung galaxy grand in terms of speed.I wish if nokia could have added Flash to its 5 MP rear camera.Higher models come with flash and a front camera. Don't be fooled by micromax's cheaper priced similarly specd mobiles.You cant play games with it,it crashes and u need to pay 1800 for repairing after just 19 days. Nokia's iPhone 5 equivalent priced Lumias have around 15-41 Megapixel Camera superior to that of iPhone.So,I have adviced my dad to migrate from iPhone to Lumia.iPhone 5 although of great build Qualty is overpriced and I do find Windows Phone 8 OS to be easier to use than iPhone.And yes,download the google search app on windows phone 8,its great. I purchased 520 with black color frame instead of any other trendy color frame,because I thought that Black looks great for bussiness. I have altered the basic tiles color to Grey to match the bussiness class flavour and thats easy to do. My only significant complain with Windows Phone 8 OS is about duplication of songs when stored and manupulated on external SD Card.It is not a much problem if songs are stored in inbuilt memory but its really a problem since that occupies the space which should be used for storing apps.Hopefully the problem gets resolved through a OS software update.This Problem applies to all Phones running Windows Phone 8. My rating would increase to 4.5 if this problem gets solved by a OS Software update.
I'm using this phone from 1 month and this is the best phone you'll ever buy at this price. Go. Buy. Don't think. Trust me. Samsung is Crap. Also the windows phone App store has many, yes many awesome games on it. YOU'LL LOVE IT!!
First remove the concept that windows os is complicated, u don't get this,u don't get that,then start using this Nokia phone. The phone is loaded with all features, easy interface, handy in size. The phone was delivered the next day ,again hats off to flipkart. My general verdict is just awesome , if you are planning any mid ranged smartphone and its definitely value for money. Apps run perfectly without lag. Don't expect that it would give you the experience of high end phones, coz see the price tag of it, but would definitely meet your needs.
Worth Spending Money Rs. 8199. Have been using it more than a 15days . Its working good .Camera is also great ,Downloading on 2G is also impressive, and there were no breaks in the songs played on Nokia-Music Store.
I bought this phone from flip cart for the first time and they delivered me before i expected. Thanks to flip cart. I am using it for a week and i didn;t found any issues still now even though im using it heavily... Camera quality is really awesome. So people who wants windows phone in low budget can choose this...
I've got this for my wife as a Birthday gift. I was skeptical about online buying. But was just amazed with the packing quality and service. Kudos to flipkart and please continue the good service.
Under the 10k segment, the Lumia 520 is certainly the best phone you can grab hold of. The poroduct was delievered to me right on time and it came in perfect condition. No complaints whatsoever.
At first glance this phone seems to be the best fit in this price range. However, have a look at the below points: a. Sound quality not so good, no equalizer b. headphones quality is not good. c. No Audio/Video seek (this is available in basic phones itself) - a big drawback d. All google application users will get disappointed because Windows 8 store/nokia store doesn't have authorized google products like gmail/google talk etc d. Very limited apps as compared to Google Play. e. out of 8 GB internal memory about 2 GB is eaten by default OS itself. f. The back cover quality is average, it’s slippery
Bought from Flipkart, and the delivery was bang before time, as usual. I had used many cell phones, however this one really took me by the storm. Pros and only Pros: 1. The size is just right for fit into our standard shirt pocket. 2. The display is considerably bright, even for a Central Indian Mid October Sunny Day! 3. The OS is just as cool. The transition is smooth and the Internal Memory is Mammoth, for an average user. 4. Wi-fi networks WORK even without the presence of the any SIMM Card. (This is not the case in most of the older phones. They required an active SIMM in them). 5. The phone, although conveniently large, is yet extremely light! 6. The camera, although not very high on pixels rates, has a fantastic clarity. The various software attached to the cam section is awesome. All in all, A MUST HAVE!
I bought this product from a near by shop. The major prob is that AUTO-ROTATION of screen can't be turned off. There is no option to make the phone silent i one go .. u have to go to settings .. ringtone settings.. then turn off .. no SOUND PROFILE settings available .. also there is no way to adjust the volume of ringtone and message tone separately .. there is no way to customize the keypad like the samsung galaxy phones .. altogether there is less customization options .. regarding display ... sound .. gallery ... also equalizer is not present ... go for ANDROID .. its far better.. user friendly .. and customizable ..
The description tell us about many free Licensed Softwares like Lync and Messaging. Lync works on my other phone but as promised by Nokia , It does not work at all on this phone. Same is the case with Messaging. The Battery heats up very fast and drains in 2 hours as well. REPLACEMENT policy is only 10 DAYS so when you find out about the problems , it is too late by that time. (Good Trick Played by Seller) Don’t buy this phone.
I went with Nokia 520 primarily of 3 Reasons. 1. Industrial Design philosophy and 2.Microsoft Windows phone user experience and 3. Nokia Brand Value for given price. Very often we try to buy product; just because we look into specs and say it meets our needs , and also go because other person also bought similar product. But i guess, these are misguiding factors. Fact, that just have look into nokia 520, it blows you away to stand out in the crowd of cheap andriods to meet above 3 primary reasons. --> SW Experience cannot be simply compared to android. Infact after using Microsoft Windows 8 phone OS , all other OS look like primitives. Thatz experience i,am talking about. --> You have all the major and Famous apps of other Mobile OS.Except that you dont have malware/spyware/useless apps of Google play (android). --> The quality of apps are on par, with iOS, if not better --> Browsing with internet explorer is better than my desktop pc. --> Nokia Here Drive is awesome, offline GPS navigation. --> SW Lags are non-existent. Full marks to Microsoft --> Regarding Phone Design by nokia, OMG, Screen clarity is way ahead of cheaper droids. The Brand value nokia brings is simply un-comparable with other manufacturer in terms of material build quality and support. Then again, there are few sore points: --> primary Microsoft account cannot be deleted unless phone is reset. --> Google maps app is not that mature. But then who needs google maps with data connection, if nokia offline maps can do same job. --> I Wish they made here drive+ free for even for nokia 520. --> Interface does need time to get used to, there is small learning curve to use tile interface. So, 4 Points for nokia and 5 Points for Microsoft. So, 5 Points is my rating.
Just paid Rs. 8700 with 8 GB memory card free from flipkart (10% cashback offer of Citi). This is a complete value for money phone. No other phone offers this with this many feathers. Most faster phone I have ever explored. Touch is super duper and even works in gloves on hands. 4” screen is the most perfect screen to use your device single handed. More than 4” requires two hands to use it and there it loses user friendly operation. Apps market of windows is growing, but we cannot say it is lacking all the vital applications. In fact, apps are more secure and more intelligently build for windows compare to any other apps market. Nokia Camera is always a beauty and the golden feather in this product. 5 MP camera is taking 1.1 MB photos with fully visible expressions in low light. Size of photo is around 1 MB and hence good to preserve memory space. Video Recording is awesome as Lumia 520 offers HD in recording. Many comments, blogs and reviews by personal experience about this little invention are already present, hence not increasing the size of my comment. Full 5 to Lumia 520, everything is just perfectly build from hardware to software.
Here is a word of caution for future Lumia 520 Buyers, Indeed it is an attractive smartphone in this price range, good screen, display awesome touch and Windows Phone OS rocks. But there are certain minor issues which some users find irritating. The main issue is : All the hard buttons namely, power button, volume button and camera button are placed on the back cover itself. Once you remove the back cover, you need to place it back really carefully otherwise those button won't work. Also, there is a chance that camera button might not be able to take pictures or unable to autofocus(which happens when you press the camera button half-way). Please check this issue. There are many users who faced this issue in Lumia 520. Google for camera button issues in Lumia 520 and you can find many users complaining about this issue there. Except for this issue, this phone is awesome. just check the camera button before purchasing. regards Amit IC Design Engineer
Nokia Lumia 520 is my first Smart Phone and I love it to the core. Thank you Nokia once again for giving a novel product, and once again after using many phones, you prove NOKIA IS BEST TO THE CORE. I will never buy other company mobile hereafter, because I only get a cheap plastic piece for this price range from Lumia 520 competitors...
Pros: Awesum UI with Smooth & fluid touch! No lags like Android. Good Camera, Great Music Looks beautiful in cyan & yellow Sturdy & durable design All basic apps like FB, Watsapp, YouTube, Temple Run, Angry Birds, etc. are available. Offline storage of maps SmartShoot, Cinemagraph & other lenses improve the imaging experience. Free unlimited download from Nokia Music is cherry on the cake. FM is coming in Amber update and Notification center is coming in GDR3 udpate. Cons: No LED Flash or Front Cam (It would foolish to expect it in a budget phone) Earphones should be in-ear, although music quality is very good. Should have provided a scratch-guard and cover/case Video player needs improvements as it cant play MKV files and you have press BACK to watch next video There should be profiles like General, Meeting, Silent. No. of games in the app store is very less, although new apps & games are added everyday. Conclusion: If you are not much into gaming, blindly go for it! U'll never regret! And probably wont go back to Hangroid after buying this marvel!
i just got this phone few days back . I would like to make the following points : PRO: 1. good display 2. powerful processing ( temple run game runs with no lag, even if u keep listening to songs at the background ! ) 3.the best video recording ... stunningly clear 4. cost factor CONS : 1. photos are sometimes blur 2. finger prints on the screen ... looks clumsy 3. camera button in some handsets are not functioning properly
Even tho this phone is priced to attract the first time smartphone buyers, i would suggest them to steer clear. Windows doesn't give you half the flexibility of android. as a first time smartphone user, you will never know the power of these devices if you start with a windows device. the limitations established by windows phone 8 environment allow for a device which is highly organized. its a no fuss user interface, which is built quite beautifully. then nokia has done what it does very well. build quality is very nice. here are some problems i faced with the software that can be rectified with either an external applications (Free and paid) or you can find a work around: 1. facebook integration doesn't have option for inbox messaging users(get fb app) 2. if you have multiple numbers saved, can't sms on numbers other than default no (at least i couldn't. fixed with rap dialer app) 3. not all apps that claim to have live tile widgets can provide tiles which actually update live 4. the search button takes you to only bing search. its a whole button wasted 5. can't find an app that would cause my whole screen to go white so that i can use it to shine some light on the floor in the dark. (i had this type of app on adroid phone, which didn't have LED, like this lumia doesnt) 6. can't figure out how to exit music player once and for all. (i think i can only pause it) 7. the whole fone is very data hungry. all apps are data intensive. 8. can't cancel downloads from app store 9. can't drag along the song timeline to go fwd/backwards (can hold down fwd and back key) 10. the volume, screen lock, and camera buttons don't seem too great when pressed. 11. no back light for the screen buttons would have helped (this cost cutting measure is not cool) 12. no LED/button light for sms/call/mail notifications (is irritating, could have been fixed with back lit sensitive buttons) 13. a lotta updates required for common apps like wats app, facebook. 14. a lot more integration possible with calendar, fb, twitter, etc. - microsoft and nokia can and should update these things) the phone has little customization options, but they are plenty for a person who uses a phone, and not plays with one.
I am personally disappointed having used Nokia for quite a long time had E71, Nokia Asha 302 and E 63 and to my surprise this isn't as good as it is said by majority. To figure a few flaws- 1. Problems managing files- No file manager provided one is there which charges you 1$ and provides only phone memory support. 2. There are no.of applications which needs to be updated as soon as possible which was not the case with Symbian OS. WhatsApp is the most important one, needs an update immediately with its ever hanging problem. 3. I genuinely respect the policy of Microsoft to kill piracy but being in a market where almost every other person is using Microsoft's rival OS we tend to compare its ease of use with WP. 4. Lack of proper browser (opera mini is not supported and rest all browsers are buggy)/ Facebook app is way too buggy. Few good things about the OS.- 1. Touch response is exceptional. 2. User Interface is good too. 3. Nice photo apps and camera quality is phenomenal despite no flash. 4. Maps by nokia. Conclusions - If you are not into apps and want only handset with good camera and build quality then go for it. Within 10k you cant get the better camera quality than this. I would give it a rating of 3 on 5.
I bought lumia 520 (red) from universel mobiles for 10500. I do indeed regret not buying from flipkart. Hardware Damn good hardware..........That is all I can say about it not taking into account about micromax, intex , xolo, Karbon etc... Software poositives: 1. Windows 8 is good in all manner. 2. Most of the famous apps are available. 3. gps and glonass combination is the best I have seen. It can locate itself within say 5-10 seconds. Negatives I was a previous HTC explorer user which is nothing compared to Lumia 520 in terms of hardware. But HTC has the best ui compared to SONY, SAMSUNG and NOKIA. Features in HTC explorer that have been missed in LUMIA 520 1. There are separate volume controls for music and phone calls. 2. The capacitive touch key (search button) can be used for different applications in each area ( for example when in messages it can search for a particular text within inbox, when in start screen it opens up browser, when in all apps, it can search for a particular app.......etc) 3. Also the contact search is by far the best 4. Swype keyboard is very good. 5. Also the music player is good.
For all those morons who think Windows is bad, proof is here! Windows 8 is blazing fast, has almost all the apps you need and all the games apps not on Windows Store, I was able to download Temple Run 2 from Google Play and it WORKS FINE. Fabulous battery life, good enough camera at such price, great photography apps, sleek and shiny, great memoryand when I bought it, this one was for 9999 only(with free SanDisk 8GB MicroSD Card)!!
Whoopee! This was what I exclaimed when my girlfriend gifted me the Nokia Lumia 520. My phone is not just strikingly beautiful with vibrant colours, but boasts of some extremely user-friendly features too. The most exciting feature that grabbed my attention was its HERE Maps, HERE Drive and HERE Transit apps which provide me with turn-by-turn directions, quickest routes and walking distances to the required destination. My Lumia 520 features Cinemagraph that lets me add animation to my still images and make them cry, laugh, giggle or frown or add motion to the images too. And the moment I upload these animated images on my FB or Twitter account, it’s like a Tsunami of likes out there. Just like me, my Lumia 520 is well abreast of today’s needs and I use it not only for communication, but also for work. My phone has onboard 8 GB memory, along with 7 GB of storage on Microsoft SkyDrive. It also supports Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint which enables me to use it as my office mobile. And with a dual-core 1 GHz Snapdragon S4 processor and 512 MB RAM embedded in it, I can quickly breeze through multiple tasks at the same time. My phone also has Windows Phone 8 with Live Tiles which makes my life easier as all the frequently used apps appear on my home screen and I don’t have to navigate through each social networking site individually. If you’re like me who loves to travel a lot, you’ll know the joy of shooting amazing photographs of the locales too. That’s what makes travelling all the more fun, that’s the icing on the cake. The 5 MP camera makes sure I continue to enjoy all my moments not just during travelling, but also long after. It lets me beautifully capture the breathtaking scenes around me and later flaunt it to my buddies. However, taking group snaps can be tiring as you have to request everyone to give their best shots and wait for the right moment when it all falls into place. Not anymore with my Lumia 520’s Smart Shoot feature. In just one click, a series of shots are taken, I pick up the best shots from each snap and make a perfect group snap. Scratches on a phone are a definite put off and even more so when they’re on your own. The 4-inch sensitive touch screen of my Lumia 520 is scratch-resistant and ensures I never have to face the agony. It also allows me to easily browse, chat or type on my phone even if I’m wearing gloves. My phone’s battery delivers 9.6 hours of talk time and 360 hours of stand-by time which is more than sufficient for me. For a passionate music lover like me, the Nokia Mix Radio is an absolute delight. It allows me to choose from over 150 mixes by experts and I can make my personal favourite album of my favourite artists. Most importantly, I can listen to the music even if I am offline and not connected to any network. My Nokia Lumia 520 is the best gift I have ever received.
After using for few days, i can say this phone is best for it's price. If you want to buy phone around 10k, this phone is best choice. 1.Touch: 10/10 2.Display:9/10 3.Battery : 8/10 4.Build Quality: 9/10 5.Camera:7/10 Phone getting heats up on backside after playing games for 10 min. Other than that phone is good. Remember Nokia released best phone around 10k. So don't buy cheap rebranded Chinese phones like Micromax.
I've bought this amazing 10k windows phone from Flipkart.. The first 10k range model of Windows Phone.. oh! wait.. It's Windows Phone 8.... Some notable collection of 520: * Slim and Sleeky design * 4 inch display * 5 MP camera * SD Card support (finally we got it!) * 1 GHz Processor * 512 MB RAM * IPS Display All these are for 10k.. I would say go get it..
Its better than many Samsung phones at the same price. One star less for NO LED FLASH. My points for attractions on this phone were DUAL CORE 5 MP CAMERA WINDOWS OS 8.0 8 GB STORAGE AND EXPANDABLE UPTO 64GB 10K PRICE RANGE
hi, i have used lumia 520, 620, 820 and also 920 in a showroom in pune. i have checked all the features. so forget about 820 and 920, let me explain you the difference between 520 and 620. 1. the first is the screen, 620 has better screen, for example red is looking as dark red in 620, light red in 520. here 620 wins. 2. look and feel is better for 520 because of its large screen, little slim and sharp edges. 620 is having round edges and small screen size. here 520 wins. 3. front cam is not present in 520, useless quality in 620 ( not good in 820 and and and 920 also), so don't buy lumia for front cam. here both fails. 4. back cam is good in 520 when compared with 620 and in day light you don't need flash for 520. here both are same. 5. speed is equal in both phones. 6. chances of feeling boar after using windows 8 for long hours. 7. build quality is good in both 520 and 620. i personally like 520 build quality. 8. 620 will be a good choice if its price is 13k. 7. people many not be using nfc, compass, skype on daily basis. so 520 could be better choice.
I'm writing this review from my Lumia 520. Nokia Lumia 520 is an awesome phone. On the basis of specs it is far far better than xperia e. Now about the phone The touch screen is excellent,quick and instant response to your clicks. Out of 8GB 4.2GB is useable. It is light weight and comfortably fits in your palm and jeans pocket. The loudspeaker is without bass but the has good audio clarity.The headphone comes with bass and is excellent. The word predictions and autocorrect are excellent.Camera is good(at this price) and has a dedicated camera button.The charger is USB type. You receive support from both Nokia and Microsoft. Once again flipkart stunned me with its awesome delivery speed(shipped from Delhi to Kerala in 2 days. If you are confused between Xperia E and Lumia 520, you should definitely go for this,like me
This phone lacks basic features such as you cannot even change the theme or ringtone of your choice but simply have to live with default ringtones provided by Nokia. There is no option for themes, you cannot change the tile pattern, changing theme here means just changing color of the tiles. There is no option to zoom and take pictures. No option to set wall papers. Not much applications as in google play store. Doesn't worth to call it as a smartphone. It is best for those who do not wish any customisation and prefer to use as brought from store.
Everything's o.k. but 2major problems are. 1- software having no file manager and unable to transfer youtube videos from phone to memory card and pc. 2- hardware the phone heats up even in a 3-5 min call. Don't even think about gaming and using the internet. You can't hold the phone without gloves.
I have gone through all the useful review here and they all have provided a verbatim detail about the usefulness of the phone. I would disagree to certain points. A) The review mostly comes from the college goers or the fancy phone users who have plenty of time to waste on a phone and does not have to bother to charge it as they never really need a business use. B) Most of the reviews only circle around the games, how the processor works and all that. Reader, please be attentive what I experienced from the Lumia phone series users and I have personally found all the cons. 1. The Windows App market is nowhere comparable to Android or apple so I am not going into it. It has got long way to travel to touch Android alone, let go of Apple. 2. The battery back-up is pathetically down. You wont get Nokia's N or E series battery back-up here. More you call and surf internet, your battery will drain out faster (natural feature of smartphones). 3. IF YOU WANT TO USE WI-FI UNDER A STATIC IP (NOT DCHP) THEN THIS PHONE HAS NO OPTION FOR THAT. IN ANY OFFICE ENVIRONMENT, THERE IS STATIC IP ALL AROUND SECURED WITH WAP2 KEY. YOU WILL FIND NO MANUAL IP SETTING ZONE IN THIS PHONE WHICH MAKES IT DEVASTATINGLY UNACCEPTABLE TO A BUSINESS USER. 4. Hangs heavily. If someone gives you crap that it does not hang, then please dont be duped. 5. People buy it with high price and then repent. I know two-three guys personally who are facing the above problems and looking for a second hand buyer. So, please do not go for this phone. Waste of money and time. At this range, please buy a Samsung / Micromax phone with android features. At least you can have good use of it.
I have been using Lumia 520 for three months now and overall not very happy customer for this OS. I have been started getting new problem with every coming week. I am gonna list few major one here as follows: - Phone reboots alot - have tried hard reset mutliple times and now became very selective with new apps but still problem remain there - Phone heats alot with 10 mins of usage - Music will stuck for brief i.e. 1 or 2 second while playing, have tried moving the music from phone to SD Card and vice-versa but still remain the same, These all songs are download from Nokia Music. Dont know whats wrong ---- but when I play same music from my computer it does not. - Other Storage keep growing every day, tried turning off ther auto upload to SkyDrive and clearing the history but that does not seems to be working. I am left with only 1 GB of free space. - Updates are very slow, yet to see any update to solve these major problems. Microsoft itself not keen to release new application for its OS like new release of Skype with better features released for other two platform and even for BlackBerry OS which is yet to gain any ground. - Notification center need big time enhancement as after some time usage, you feel tiring clicking multiple times to enable or disable some features. I have connectivity tile which gives some relief though. - User should have more customization access for Tiles, they can learn some from iOS7 though again its seems to be inspired more from WP8 but they have made good use of available features. - Most of best apps are paid on WP8 while same Apps are available free of cost on Android, cant understand the reason. Last but not least, recently my phone will not wakeup when I am not using and its locked, the only option is to remove the battery and then restart.
Well if you inquire a little about this phone, you'l realize that it is packed with amazing specks at a pretty affordable price and the deal might just sound a steal. But wait.. having used this phone personally for over a week I can tell you things beyond the flashy specks. The phone just looks too damn beautiful, and the win 8 does give a pretty good feel along with it. Hardware too is pretty robust and strong enough to run the OS smoothly. Also there are some pretty cool and convenient features packed along to make it a good deal altogether. But it seems nokia focused too much on flashy features to forget about some basic requirements of a phone. Here are some of them: A, The damn phone doesnt come along with an inbuilt file manager and neither is there one good enough available in the win app market. This means you cannot directly browse the contents of your phone or sd card.. B. Having built with dual core processor, 512 mb ram and whatnot. The phone still doesn't support basic games like temple run. The Win market is already devoid of many useful apps and the incompatibility of this phone narrows that down even further C. Although it's packed with a 5MP camera, the image quality is still just not that good. D. The phone comes with a pretty lame default music player which lacks basic facilities like searching for a song or queuing them up or having an equalizer and many more such basic things. Nor is there any good compatible music player available on windows market. E. The Bluetooth sharing service of this phone just sucks to the core.. Due to the missing file manager, there is just no way by which you could send stuff from your sd card or phone to another via Bluetooth. Although you can receive anything from others phone but you simply can't share anything from yours. So in short the phone is just packed with big flashy features but lacks some of the most basic common ones that actually make a smartphone "smart".
my expectation were very high from this phone..though the looks are pretty impressive but i have to say that the wp8 is really frustrating and i am not a all enjoying this phone..i am cursing myself for not having bought an android phone..there are no equalizers in this phone so if you are looking for some good music then this is not the phone you are looking for...anyways the phone is decent enough if you discount these aspects,particularly the display is good,and the phone gives a feel of one which is above the 20k range,so overall i would say if you have about 10k and want to test if you like the wp8 then this is the one for you,but otherwise i would not suggest this one.
You must have heard that windows 8 provides almost every app that is available with android. I agree but most of them doesn't work properly. Whatsapp isn't updated with your contact list, you may hate Facebook after using Facebook app by Microsoft. you can't browse your files (that means you can't upload any file because in windows 8 you can't browse internal storage), battery saver is "on" means you save battery at the cost of performance. In pdf if you zoom in, you cant even recognise the language. Its all rubbish that windows is fluid, what are you going to do with fluidity if your phone can't perform the desired functions.
this phone dosent have a magnetometer ..... so if u want to use maps efficiently kindly give this phone a passs .... else its a very good phone especially the touch screen and the OS is butter smooth but again removing magnetometer was a senseless decision from nokia !!!
If you are to buy something good please spend some more money to purchase some other mobile. i feel this mobile also hangs like android based mobile hands. all the apps provided by nokia are mere waste as they do not work properly. while nokia claims high speed performance of Internet but Internet is quite slow. I could not log in google account through google mail app provided with mobile. here drive and here maps are too bad. Microsoft provided office 365 on nokia lumia but even after log in i am unable to use it. office 365 log in requires different log in than we do for other apps in the same mobile. to select a text we have to try so many times and touch does not work while selecting the text. too many apps are provided for camera and photography which is the hallmark of nokia's dim days in market that is continued in this cell phone also.
Guys Important! Read Before Buying any Windows Phone:- First of all, I`m a user of Nokia 520 and 720. both running windows phone 8. This is what i have experienced after 2 months of usage:- 1. No SD Card Support - No matter what you download or put on ur phone`s SD card, you just do not have access to it, like in Android you have the MYFILES app! Here in windows phone 8, you have nothing! So basically ur screwed!! 2. WHATSAPP - Massive issues with whatsapp!! Hanging problems, sd card storing problems, crashing problems. Everytime the chat history of a contact exceeds a point, it stops and crashes. Its the most annoying this ever! The company does`nt even have the damn courtesy to fix it! 3. ONLY DRM MUSIC - If your music is not bought from the artist legally, you can forget about Windows allowing you to even recognize it on the phone!! It just wont! 4. ONLY DRM EBOOKS - If your ebook is not a legal copy. It will not show!! 5. PDF Reader - There is no PDF reader in the windows phone 8 system that has text re-flow capabilities as in android. You have to manually zoom each page to read the words!! Annoying to the core!! 6. UPDATES - Painfully slow and not to the mark!! 7. CALL HISTORY - Sometimes your phone will just stop registering your calls!! It will not show who called u, like missed calls!! Now that should be enough to spit on this phone! Now, these are just few of the many problems that i have put up here. The vast advertisement of Nokia, gets you to buy the phone. Its only after you have bought it that you realize that dog`s crap would have been worth more. so bottom line - DO NOT BUY A WINDOWS PHONE!!! DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE ADVERTISEMENTS OF NOKIA AND MICROSOFT. MICROSOFT HAS DESTROYED THE GOOD NAME OF NOKIA!
I know it's very late to write the review of this product but still... I was glad to get this phone in 1k less than the market...but this particular piece had key's issue from very starting. On very first day itself I realised that camera key is not working properly, I had to press a bit hard to open the camera, but because it was manageable I ignored this. But after 7 months except camera key all the other keys stopped working. Unlock key is so damm important with this mobile because there is no other way to unlock or switch on the phone. Also you can not remove the automatic unlock (god knows why). Everytime I need to unlock the phone either I would ask somebody to give me a miss call or put the charging cable. I am so much frustrated with this phone now. Nokia used to have great service centre chain before few years, but now that also sucks. Even if I live in a very posh location in Jaipur I have to drive 8kms for my nearest service centre. Phone has so many other problems also, but I really do not care about them until my basic functions work. Overall I am not a happy customer for this phone.
Think this phone is just made just to dump a Windows Phone on the buyers, very difficult to use and backup your stuff on the phone. A simple feautre like backing up a message is not available on this phone. They say you can do it on Skydrive, which a total lie and bluff, verify on your own in forums/blogs. People really curse the makers of this phone. The signal/antenna reception on this phone is very bad and the call drops are maximum if you want to talk from a low reception area. The calls drop even when you have atleast 3 lines on the signal icon. And friends, this feedback is after using this phone for more than 10 months now, so its a genuine feedback, I do not recommend the lumia phones to any of my friends and well wishers. If you still want to buy it, then it at your own risk, instead you can donate that amount to a carity or buy yourself a good andriod phone, which comes at a much cheaper price than this and have all the basic features
first i have purchase one with in five days mobile tower is not getting,after i request flipkart they send new piece that mobile became very heating and battery back up is very very poor without gprs connection
Well, i give a four star just because it dont have a usb tethering option ! so users cannot use mobile internet plan on PC via USB cable. But the rest is Awesome !
Got it in pre-order and within 3-4 months the phones starts to slow down, starts crashing and starts to reboot continuously!!! Nokia care takes the phone and sends it to MARS and once its back phone still continues to reboot in 2 days! When asked for resolution they ask me to go to the store where I bough. So I'm here. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. ITS ALWAYS GOOD TO BY AT A STORE THAN GOING THROUGH ALL THIS IS A FEW BUCKS
One word for this mobile "Awesome". I got the mobile from flipkart and I was amazed by the perfect looks and the camera quality. I hope that nokia had kept a flash in the camera then it would have been a perfect mobile. Having gone through many handsets I kept my mind to use Lumia. I have freinds complaining about there android OS. but a five point star to the windows OS, no hanging and lagging till now. If you are looking for an entry level smart phone then 520 is the best option. The only problem I had is that mobile gets heated, dont know why, but gave a complaint to flipkart about this and am waiting for a resolution. Touchwood, nothing bad happens.
never go for nokia lumai devices , u are not able to share video or audio files via whatsapp, unable to configure static ip, worst phone
I bought Lumia 520 and I have recieved a defective piece - camera button doesn't work.Talked to Nokia care, OMG their response has been pathetic, and every one use the every other excuse to avoid a replacement. Luckily I bought through Flipkart, and trust me they are the best - no fuss, no frills attached; they just processed the replacement. I wish they would give me an option to buy any thing other than Nokia. Every one say that Nokia is slow death, but with their ways indicate that they are on a suicide mission. 5 stars for Flipkart and ZERO for Nokia. DO NOT BUY A NOKIA, HOWEVER GREAT THEIR PRODUCTS MAY BE; AFTER SALES SUPPORT IS THE WORST IN THE WORLD.
hello frnddss today me tell about lumia 520 i got these phone window 8 os so no doubt about os graphics was awsum or all app are cool but major problem if u buy this phone then these will not supprot the nomral sim card phone will support micro sim card i waste my 5 sim card on it after wasting 5 sim card then my sim card runiung before buying plzzz see ur sim card status i lost my data n contacts everything with old sim better u go shop then convert to normal to micro sim card
I'm using Samsung galaxy y duos for 2 yrs. I tried this phone, to get windows interface and thought it will be more easier and stable than android. But these are my +pros,-cons,~opinion: -one of the main feature I was looking was wifi tethering and it was not working. When I googled it I found many suggestion, but all didn't work. I doubt Nokia released this model without proper testing to get to market in time. So before buying please search in google that whether your required feature has any issue -In Android we got as many as Home screens and Menu screens. But in Windows we got only 1 Tile screen and 1 Menu screen. It is very difficult to point to each menu item. For eg:- for switching wifi/bt you need to go all the way down to menu/settings/bt/on. No inbuilt shortcut and we can't tile all the sub-menus!!! -In Android search button is used at the current app. But in windows it will always open Bing. If your network is off, you don't need this button at all -In Android, we can hold the notification till we execute on it. But in Win, once we open the tile notification, it is lost. We need to clear the task immediately. +Only positive thing in this phone is good camera, compared to same price range ~I don't know how Win is improved on stability and memory leakage issue of android I think Windows OS needs to improve a lot. Till that, please go with some good Android phone. Otherwise, the experience will be worst than old java phones. Please google the feature comparison between Android and Win. Even I see in news that Nokia is planned to launch Android phone. Yes, Nokia also studied. Why don't you !!!
Hi Guys. I have been using this phone for couple of weeks now. It took me rigorous internet searching on how to use this phone. Now i m very handy with it and use to this technology WP8. Found few things missing in the phone. There is no equalizer for music player. There is no file manager. There is no RAM booster or task killer as in Android. at-least i haven't seen yet. This phone is not compatible with Windows XP OS. only windows 7, Vista and latest windows OS. Battery backup is disgusting. With heavy usage u need to charge the battery twice a day though battery charges instantly. You need to connect the phone to the PC to transfer ur personnel downloaded ringtones in the phone ringtone folder. through SD card u cannot assign ringtone. There is no after call summary or option to view call duration. But still there are lot more things in this phone which makes it good Android is much better option.
I Order Nokia Lumia 520 from flipkart for my wife on 20th April 2013.Rs 10,499.and very next 3 day price down to 9,999 (loss of 500)Using Nokia from my Colleage days Nokia is popular for there simple and user friedlly apps.but not now nowsdya don't know why nokia fail to keep there standard. About this particula Phone Nokia LUmia 520 value for money only defect in Camera panal for that i need to vist Nokia customer care and spend around 3 to 4 hr.waste of time Nokia said will give you change camera panal free of cost but curreently we dont have need to wait 4-5 days more. I call flipkart to replace this mobile hopfully this time i get one has no issue.
Flipkart u should hve sumhow delivered it sooner! People book online so as thy could get things sooner nd easier! Lumia 520 Hell yeah! U rock! -2 for flippies delivery! (e-kart) 3 stars for My LUMIA 520. This iz d most classy n excellnt phone genius n smart ppl coul buy! I'm gonna get ma phone within 2 dayz. Congratulations to all buying lumia 520. :) 1 GHz Qualcomm Krait, Dual Core WVGA, 800 x 480 Pixels 21.1 Mbps HSDPA; 5.76 Mbps HSUPA v3, Supported Profiles (OPP 1.1, PBAP 1.0, HFP 1.5, A2DP 1.2, AVRCP 1.4) IPS Display, Orientation Sensor
I was very happy when my father gifted me NOKIA LUMIA 520 a month ago on my birthday. But all my happiness goes in total disappointment when it was hanged after 10 days. From that day problems started in this phone.. Some SERIOUS PROBLEMS that i faced in this phome... 1. a virus attacked when i was using Internet in this phone..after switching the phone OFF this problem was solved. 2. Touch was average for few days but now its creates problems in scrolling menu items...It does not responds well.. it is working now only with hard pressure on the screen.. 3. CAMERA is not real 5 megapixel. it can capture good photos only in bright day light..You'll probably get blurry photos when there isn't enough light..It is impossible to capture a picture in night or in low light as it has no LED Flash...VIDEO recorder is not up to the mark.. video quality is poor and colour contrasts is very bad. IT dose't has a front facing camera for VIDEO CALLING.. 4 INTERNET browsing is pathetic on internet explorar as it does'nt support GOOGLE CHROME or OPERA web browsers..it takes a lot time to open a page 5.There is no single notification area as in android phones which makes it tough to read a notification.. 6. ms word and excel are faulty in this phone and does'nt has full functionality. 7.video of mkv and mpeg are not played in this phone. 8. RAM is only 512 mb which is too less for popular games like TEMPLE RUN and others which need atleast 1 GB (ie 1024MB) of RAM. 9. on playing a game it heats quickly.. 10. Most of the popular APPLICATIONS are to be bought for atleast RS 50.. while lakhs of apps are fee available for ANDROID phones..very few apps are available for windows whicle android has lakhs of apps for free.. 11. it does'nt has a FM. 12. BAttery capacity is low , it discharges quickly..only 1430 mAh. 13. More basic screen LCD screens is generally not as bright or as vivid as OLED 14. Low resolution screen 800x480 with only 233 ppi. 15.After a year windows 8 will be outdated. To use windows 8.5 or windows 9 you wil have to buy a new phone as it is not upgradable... while ANDROID systems are updated regularly on phone itself. choose wisely ... i will suggest a ANDROID phones like sumsang or HTC or karbonn titanium s1 or micromax canvas which are far more better than this phone.. VERY POOR delivery by FLIPKART.. it takes 8 days to deliver this phone at my adress in delhi 110007. I can't tell any more because it's your money you can waste or utilise it.....
The hardware provided by Nokia is no doubt good but software is unnecessarily complex and not user friendly unlike Android. Can you believe that you can't check call duration after disconnecting the call in history. Same volume control for media and ringtone :-@. Come on MS what did you think while designing this OS You'll be amazed that I've worked for Microsoft OS team for 4 years and still found it very less user friendly. I got to know why people prefer Android over Windows. Nokia your good quility hardware is of no use with this OS. !!!!!!!!!! Rethink !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1. Poor fitment - check from the rocker side button you feel some kind of loose cover. 2. Since this handset has 1 Ghz dual core processor with 302 GPU even then this handset is not able to handle multitasking (I am talking here two application in a single time and processor getting stuck and giving me poor response) 3. No light under the capacitor touch (windows keys) which is very important in the smart phones.
Hi Guys, Sorry if my feedbacks are dis-appointing windows phone lovers. but my feedbacks are from my handson experience with lumia, not only from seeing videos or being just an WP lover. I would suggest you.... Gets some hands on experience working on this phone, before you buy! I find below stuffs are not good compare to android. 1. apps, people say more apps are coming when? when? when? there are plenty of apps which cannot count and suits people moods.... if you find for an app in google play store you get quite # of apps available to install, try same in microsoft phone store, very less number of apps you get, some times blank. may be u can take facebook as example and try it. Now a days people are looking for different apps from different developers with different features which fits bets to their mood and on their device.... Android fulfills this thinking need to people... No WP :-( 2. Speeeed. Speeed.... Speeed... Which is very important for me, i cannot sit and watch phone for seconds or may be half minute for an app to open. WP does works slow opening apps comparing android. Compare seconds where these phones takes time to open app (Example:Whatsapp) Compare with low budget android phone with this WP... low budget android phone beats performance of app..... 3. NOKIA DRIVE.... Awesome app which is best drive map application when comparing android and iOS, but nokia maps and bing maps are .... i would say thumps down here.... again try working on this wp map app and compare it with android, i was using motorola charm which was having 2.1 eclair os, where google app works great than current WP.... We all know Nokia is at its best for its hardware, model, design, sturdy, battery backup and so on... I was very happy with windows phone OS till i use it... :-( I am really wondering now why nokia is not making android phone... Who know we may see android in nokia soon... :-)
1.Battery is main problem in the phone.It is only 1430 mAh :( 2.There is no applock option for apps likes what's app,We chat,etc 3.Lots of langs and errors :'( also in some apps like what's app 4.You can't share video or photos via What's app. 5.Processor is good bt some good apps can't run because of 512 MB RAM. 6.You can't set ur own msg tones,alarm tones,email tones. 7.Phone gets warmer quickly. 8.Few apps are available on windows store. 9.Necessary apps are not free 10.Xbox games are too costly. 11.You like ur phone for just a month or two 12.Camera quality is good but there is no flash as well as compass, 13.So plz think before u buy it.Now I'm going with Micromax Canvas a117.
I dnt knw whether all lumia-520 users facing this issues, I’ve purchased this mobile on 45 days back on flip kart in 3month EMI. Really I fed up wid tis mobile feeling regret myself fo not listening to my frnds words of not to buy windows phone. Minimum som basic thins r not working properly. These r list of issues I’m facing: 1. Volume will reset to 15 for every switch on(I used to set volume 26 of 30). 2. Sometimes wi-fi will auto turn-on during switch on. 3. Sometimes mobile automatically goes to flight mode during switch on 4. Mobile is hanging if I play a game continuously 15min. 5. Blue tooth is worst ever I seen(different issues I faced different times) 6. In contacts, search engine not working accurately 7. Needless updates from Nokia. 8. U can’t see the screen to take action(snooze or dismiss) while ringing alarm. User have to press the power button to take either of actions. 9. Battery backup is not at all good Good things in this mobile: 1. Here drive is very accurate 2. UI is very much good. i suggest please dont purchase 520 and 620 too(my frnd is using 620, he is also nt satisfied). i dnt know about 720 n above... Rating 1 is more than enough... i have wasted my 9100/- I'm gettin irritation to touch my mobile... :(
Bought Nokia Lumia 520(Cyan) in the first week of May'13. Of course the flipkart service was good. Delivered before expected time. Well with in two weeks the phone started giving me troubles. It started hanging a lot and within half hour of usage the back area near the camera starts heating up badly. Complained the issue to flipkart, they asked me to reset my phone. I did, but that didn't work out. Again contacted the customer care, instead of resolving the issue they simply asked me to get in touch with nokia care.(Though Flipkart provides a 30 days replacement gaurantee, but that never happened). Unfortunately, my work schedule didn't allow me to go to a nokia care centre and get the issue resolved. And its because of my busy schedule only I decide to buy cellphone from Flipkart. The days passed and problem got worse, now the phone turns off itself and doesn't turn on even using the power button. One has to reinsert the battery in order to switch his phone on This is what I faced during first month of usage. In the second month the ear piece stopped working, the sensor on the screen quit and the lock/power button and the camera button stopped working properly. Seriously, I regret buying this shitty phone. 2 star for this mobile, only for its graphics and the newness it brought to the market apart from android.
keep ready your Micro SIM before buying it. My phone camera button is not working.No front camera and mobile looks are very ordinary. I don't like the headphone at all, it looks very cheap. So be careful while ordering.
hi guys one of the person here is admiring the window phone that it is cool ,antipiracy and etc . all this crap. i bought many android phone ,but make one of the biggest mistake of my life .i purchase nokia lumia 520 (windows phone). first of all connceting android phone to pc and transfer your documents and movies is very easy .just like pendrive . but in window phone you will loose your temper .because there is no such thing as mass storage .may be microsoft expecting that every user of mobile should be an IT engineer. microsoft making lot of effort and money to advertise his product but instead if he gives some user conviniencies might be good end the end don't buy nokia lumia ,go for samsung ,micromax and karbonn but dont go for it or you will regret it. and talk about security and antipiracy to mister harishchand i can't even use the device and i don't have time to learn new tech .android is far better and easy to understand i am using android not because of antipiracy or secureity this is individual concern . may be you dad woriking in nokia lumia thats why you are supporting nokia.
Pro :-Battery back up is two days on moderate usage , Noise cancellation is good ... Cons :-But the browsing experience is worst . Screen is always blinking while using 3G . Same name of a video or music is repeated so many times in the MUSIC + VIDEO application. Phone is heating a lot .Camera quality is below average . Most of the games are lagging . Sound in not at all good . I have used more than three different earphones , but the sound in one side is too loud and the other side is too low even with the nokia earphones which comes with the package. Apps like whatsapp , we chat , line etc ., are not working properly . messages will be delivered after hours from sending . Camera quality is pathetic . Think before u buy ... Dnt waste ur money on this and its nothing compared to android devices .........
No security at all. Yes, WP8 does not capable of providing any security, so it is not providing file manager and does not allow its genune applications to access common memory. Offcourse any thing made inaccessble to all, including genune applications can be safe.Can it be called as security? It is really shame on MS. settings are not enough and lot of restrictions, for ex: you can not stop vibration coming with back-key, you can not get rid of message alerts occupying entire scree. You can not stop WP8 accessing internet(when data connection is ON). If you miss to extend your data pack on-time every month, it sucks your money. IE is pathetic, it does not have forward option. The common back-cum-close key can be used for "back" but it is also inconvenient. By default it loads last accessed page and you can't change it. It does not show tiles on start page. Downlaoded files do not appear in memory when connected to PC so you can not copy files on your PC directly.Unfortunately opera-mini is not available in WP store. Any installed application can not access files on SD card. For example The PDF reader can not open files on SD card. It can only open downloaded files and files at phone memory->document folder and again not in sub folders. Voice recorder files does not appear in memory when you connected to PC. MS office can not open files with password. MS talks lot about security but its Office software can not open files with password protected. There is no "close" option to any application, you have to press back button many times through all the screens to first one to close it. I regret I believed some reviews hailing WP8 and purchased WP8 phone instead of Android one. I have lot of such complaints and writing all of them here is not easy... So i strongly recommend not to go for Windows phone.Unless you are ready to take a training course on how to use it, ready to bear all the restrictions imposed by WP8. Screen and touch are good, however there are some cons with HW. Poor battery back up. You have to charge "fully" every day on moderate usage. If use it intensilely(Ex: gaming or long browsing etc) then you have to charge twice a day. Avarage build quality. Needs to remove battery to put/remove SD card or SIM.
Hi, I bought this phone from flipkart 2 days back and facing an issue already with its WiFi. Though i am connected through WEP but 1. It keep getting disconnected & connected . No idea why the hell it's happening but its quite irritating. 2. If somehow you have to switch off & on your phone; you have to key in your WiFi key once again it seems that phone doesn't save WiFi profiles for future use. 3. I have to key in WiFi key every time i reach home and office. 4. I tried every idea to make it sorted but all in vain. These kind of mediocre issues were not expected from nokia. God helps.
Seeing at the cost of phone there should have been given a flash for the camera and therefore, in my view it is not worth of its cost. Nokia should brought an upgraded version of this phone containing flash.
this is the first windows phone ive used but seriously it sucks ... The os itself is crappy with no room for modification ,,,after using android and ios this os is too inferior ... lack of apps is a serious issue ,,, all the apps u find are of no use free games on android such as angry birds cost u 55rs no impressive games ... camera quality is average so verdict go find an jelly bean o an ics phone like the karbonn s1 o a mmx pixel a90s ull love using it
I bought it one the first day of launch. It heats up like hell in 5 minutes of internet usage, so much that I can't even hold the phone. Battery is the worse I have experienced. I am using my old android phone now.
this is the only phone which i have seen perform so well with such a low memory in this price range... a very tough competitor to the upper mid-range phones. it has been 3 years since i am using it.. still working great and, hopefully, with the coming of Windows 10 it would perform better.
it will be a good affordable windows phone . it supports cool games with 512 mb ram.....than an android phone
Bought this more than an year back from flipkart and used regularly. Quick summary: Positive: The navigation of Here Drive is the best I have ever used and the only one which has off line maps. The back pannel options are many and reasonably priced are very good for women / those who are conscious about looks. Negative Applications : Many apps are not available or unstable. Even Youtube app troubled me a lot. Quality : Very cheap. My phone standby button, sound and camera button stopped functioning after 1 year. Initially thought it is with my phone alone,. But later found many Lumia phones are facing this problem. Go for any other lesser brand. You will save money. Now my Rs.8000 phone reminds me of cheep quality every time I touch.
I got this phone for jst 4600.(It was available on a very cheap price when i bought it). Compared to the price the device offers excellent benefits. After 5 months of usage...it has not lagged nor hanged...most apps are available that are of regular usage. Please do not compare it with Android as they r 2 exactly different things.
Exactly it worked for one year..after a year when i shake the mobile it is switching off and on automically... Sometimes it will switch off when it is in ur pocket.
Cons: >Gets slower and application closes suddenly due to less RAM. especially watsap and photos folder. >Internal usable memory of 7GB is good enough for first 6months , after that it becomes less for us due to continuous updates. >Needs at least 1gb (internal memory) free space for decent working.else phone stops responding. >Camera opens very slow. >Phone became very slow after 1 year. >Not good option for those who depends on apps a lot. Pros: >Rigid and strong. Fallen many times but still working good. >Good clarity camera >good screen clarity and sound. >good call clarity.
Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!Amazing..!
Great value for money Doesn't lag Interactive User Interface Speakers WOW!!! Battery Backup good Camera quality fine Cortana awesome Windows store has very few apps (important ones are there) but the ones which are there are perfect, no bugs, sleek and sharp at performance...
Might be little late to write this review. Its been one year now and all of a sudden this is what I see in my display."Error: Unable to find bootable option. Please press any key to shutdown". I checked online in Microsoft dicussions and found that there are hundreds of users facing similar issue. Tried Hard Reset, and even flashing. But soon realized that its just dead forever. (Unless you change the mother board for INR3500). Which I beleive is not a good idea now. It served me for a year, had its drawbacks so I will rate it as 2.5 (being sentimentl about Nokia).
I got this phone in 50% discount, I repeat in 50% discount...! it was an impulse buying for my mom. I found it amazingly good prize, and bought it instantly.. The product is amazing no doubt but extremely economical...
I bought this phone for 7k a year before.. Works like a charm and it's still looks new.. It gave me a battery bug once but got fixed by nokia experts.. This phone is not as junky as android phones and it gives inspiration And the best part is Microsoft is still givin updates for this phone!!! From windows 7 and up the way to windows 10..
Dont go for this Poor quality Junk Phone dont expect it work after completion of 1 year. Stopped working exactly after 1 year
Good form factor. Good Camera. Great Battery Life. Good Upgrade of Window OS 8.1 Good UI. A worthy purchase did last year and still using it without any glitch.
It has all the features I need. I love the "pin to start" feature. Menus are well thought-out and easy to reach, most of the time. But after updating to windows 8.1, the phone is painfully slow. Programs can take 30-45 seconds to start, meanwhile you are sitting there staring at "resuming...." . It was a good phone 1.5 year ago. Not any more.
I liked this product gifted to my brother. Sleek design awsome battery backup and windows applications. Its best in this range.
If you will give the front camera and flash as well as in back camera then it will be very good but still it is very good smartphone speed is also good if we compare it from android phone having 1gb RAM then it is best phone in 512Mb RAM . if you want to buy this phone then i will suggest you that you should buy windows phone Android or Blackberry , Windows is Best
this is very good set, But whatsapp image & movies some time after doesn't download Otherwise this set is unbeatable .....Thanks
It's amazing. Sturdy and no nonsense phone. Durability of nokia, simplicity of windows. Does just what it says, no more no less.
I bought this product frm flipkart ....ws retail. ...they delivery before the expected day.....packing and everything is nycly done by retailers. ....i pay 7499 for this.....if u like windows thn go for it....features are already u know. .phone is working as expected. ..
good phone at this offer price. i am using this from 6 months and it has great quality great battery backup nice sound and camera quality is just awesome
PROS: I've been using it for more than a 1.5 year and thought to write review as people still buying it. Its a very good basic smartphone in its price range. today i found it more pricier but i purchased it for 7.5K. It has Nokia built, dropped so many times and yesterday i threw it intentionally but still alive ... wow. CONS: bit slow, but expect it to be as it has only 512MB RAM. No FM, people say why do u need a FM but frnds i do..i am not a music freak who keep updating its phone music store. Why not 5 star? we are indians, we always asks for more ... why didnt Noida gave me 1GB ram in this price, i would never require to think on anything while downloading applications.
product is good camera quality is al;so good but it is slow due to just 512 mb ram overall an average product
looking for one more with the same price, which is working perfectly if avalable will be buying the same product with the same price i brought
I have not purchased this product from flipkart.. though.. after using about 1.5 yr I must say the build quality is pretty well.. as this was my 1st touch device I was and am very careful about this.. but suddenly one day it fell from my hand and I was surprised that it is similar to it's ancestors.. taking the parts from the ground+ putting them together and hit the power.. and bang.. my father used to have a nokia 3315.. I always wanted one, and now I have LUMIA 520.. my mother always tells me to believe in god
Great product. Very useful. Beautiful and fast OS. For such a low end configuration. Flipkart service is also excellent.
Windows Phones are good , but you can't compare it with androids. Nokia Lumia falls in the same category. It has an excellent camera!!! with built-in-apps editing, panorama and even selfie (without front camera) is great. Coming to other features non-windows phone user may face problem it finding all basic needs. But after using for a while they will get used to it! Windows phone have a limited apps at the app-store. But Microsoft Office works great. Word,Excel,Power-point works with ease. Multitasking is possible. Speakers are quite load and clear. Battery backup is too poor as other smartphones. You have to charge every 8hrs. On a whole an average phone..
Got the replacement quickly as my earlier one had some over heating issues with the battery. Its still has some issues but overall its functioning better.
520 is a good set but i used it 4 5 month.and present time the phn was hitting so quickly and its price so high for this set.i think 535 better than 520 .
Very Good product. working well There are so many applications in this phone I have to learn it one by one.Thanks you flipkart.
Lets start with that I don't like- 1. Playing games or using Internet makes the upper portion of the phone hot. 2. Windows os has not provided some basic features like call recording option yet. 3. Some apps are still need to update, crashes quite often. 4. In offline, navigation don't work sometimes. 5. Wish to have a more powerful Battery and a better headphone. what I like is- 1.Windows Operating System: Minimalistic interface of Microsoft's os is easy to use for a first time smartphone user like me. 2.Smoothness: Its butter smooth as it was on the first day, love to use it. 3.Camera: Two step shutter key, makes it possible to set a focus and click, feels like digital camera. If you learn to play with the shatter speed, will be amazed to see the outcome in low light even without having a Flash. Digital lences provided by Microsoft are really useful at times. 4.Navigation: After downloading maps (over wifi) it can be used offline. 5.Screen: Clearly visiable in outdoors. 6.Internet: Its fast, I mean its really fast. 7.Loudspeaker: loud enough to hear in the crowded places. 8.Call quality: Call reception is good and clear as its coming from the house of Nokia. I can say its a worthy investment. If you want a smartphone with good camera and decent battery backup this is it. It may be less in number but windows store does not contain any nonsence apps, Flipkart makes Nokia Lumia 520 more affortable, thanks WS Retail for quick delivery(less than 2 days).
A nice phone...got it int he Big Billion Day....the only hitch is that it does not have a front camera and in windows store there is no app like Xender.....but a great mobile!!!!!!!!!! :)
The Phone is an entry - level Windows smartphone , with average specifications but a good camera quality . The build is very good as it has always been the case with nokia smartphones. Good for those who are new to the smartphone world !
software gets updated three four times..after tht cell works very slow bought ths lumia year ago was fine until range of monthly weekly software updates...n one fine day while viewing pictures cell got switched off with msg 'ERROR unable to find bootable option' n thn never switch on..after taking it to repair center... i got to knw software got corrupt n motherboard crash..replacement cost was 4k...
Awsm phone.i like it.. and delivery is too fast. Before bought this phone i have lot of doubt for this product. this is genuin. nothing to worry about. thank you.
A good quality handset from nokia features don't lag, smooth curves on back perfect design and stylish finish
Well i am an ardent fan of Nokia. I believe this is the best product nokia has launched . This is my second mobile which i had purchased to gift one of my friend. I am already using Nokia 520 for more than a year. I must say the build quality, the usage experience , touch screen functionality, Internet usage all are at its best which makes your life easy. If you are not a part of herd mentality who went blindly behind Samsung and other phones which are high in price range and less in features can go for this. I am sure you will never regret your decision. Yes to Nokia
I bought it on Big Billion Day and have been using it since then.. to day is the 3rd week of March and its as good and sturdy as ever.... I have dropped it a few times accidentally but its still good and working absolutely fine... its a great product within that price! :)
Had ordered this phone last year to be gifted to one of my friends. Must say that my friend is extremely happy with the selection and appreciates the product quality quite a contrast to the initial reaction on being gifted with a windows phone. For all who are confused to take a call on purchase of a phone. Go for it.. it wont disappoint.
at starting it`s working normally but now it is very slow its bluetooth has stopped working before completing its one year
This is a premium product for the price I paid, it has all the good things u can expect from a smartphone plus you can download maps from nokia. no need to connect to internet to use maps - great OS, nokia quality and good price Cons: no front camera.
One who wants to go for Nokia only, they can go for this. For normal use you can go. Its little bit complicated to understand.
I have been using this phone for more than one year, no problem at all. battery performance is still good.Windows Phone user interface is very good as compare to other mobile os.
this was my first windows phone after android . but i would prefer windows more for professionals . sync features and windows 8.1 really awsome . i loved it . highly recommended
it was good but not very good because in gmail it not working properly attachment are not open.dont buy .go for others .
I purchased Nokia Lumia 520 through Flipkart. The phone did not function. All i had to do was make an online request. The Instrument was changed without any fuss. The new equipment is working well. I have developed more confidence in Flipkart.
After 2 years of usage.....still its a very nice phone. to buy a budget phone , Simply go for it! Pros : 1) No Hanging problem and Virus free . 2) Easy to Handle . 3) Camera and audio quality is very good(High Class) . 4) Data connectivity and mobile network connection is good . 5) UI design is Very Impressive . Cons : 1) Video recording is little disappointed. 2) Battery capacity is low.
I bought this mobile for my wife as first gift. I went by its looks (Nokia lumia Yellow). Pros: 1. serves the purpose Cons: 1. Quality for mobile is not that great.
Pros: All the latest windows phone OS updates are available. Camera is very for the price Os is fluid and lag free Most of the required apps are now available in the windows phone store Very easy to understand for new users MS office is free Here maps are brilliant Cons: No gmail app (Still can use third party app and do u work without any problem) No glance screen Heats up while playing graphic intensive games. Just 512 mb RAM. Is is actually enough for all the tasks (Even for playing Subway surfer)
This Phone is one of the Best low cost Lumia. The performance is so very good! But still games like Alphalt 8 sometimes get stuck. It is actually a very productive phone! If you don't play much game in this and only do a lot of work like checking mail or making calls and use the office, then I think there is no match to this!
good phone, budget phone, this will b e windows working phone, yaa nice phone.i have purchased this past 4 months back never loss my data, friendly phone.
its a good one. and when comparing with other products available in the market for the same price. its for the first time i am using a windows os in mobile. good and easy to use. don't hang like my other android phones. few demerits are there. not all the apps in playstore are there in windows store. has ample ram , for the last 4 months i have been using this and it has never slowed down or crashed. not even a single time it should have come with a flash. then they would have got 5 stars from me
it has a few bugs. like suddenly everything on my screen gets enlarged ... Shuts down suddenly mostly while clicking a pic due to which my sd card starts showing an error. ☻♣ many Facebook games are also not available accept for candy crush ... the new updates are also not that good ... but the camera is really good
I have been using this for more than 6 months. Value for money of course. Overall everything is good, Camera, battery, resolution etc.
the phone is a good one . works smoothly. plz make the minimum characters less Exclusive digital lenses. Add magic to your photos. The Nokia Lumia 520 comes with digital lenses built in – exclusive to Nokia and guaranteed to wow your friends. Add motion to your images with Cinemagraph. Take multiple photos with a single click using Smart Shoot, and edit effortlessly to make the perfect shot. Lumia 520 digital lens Super-sensitive screen. Keep the gloves on. The 4-inch touchscreen on the Nokia Lumia 520 is so sensitive that you can even use it when wearing gloves or with your fingernails. So typing, chatting and surfing are easier and more convenient than ever. Lumia 520 sensitive screen MixRadio. The tunes you love, for free. Nokia fills your day with free music. Choose from over 150 mixes or generate your own playlists. Take your favourite mixes offline and listen when you’re not connected. Share them with friends through your social networks, email or via SMS. (Data transfer charges may apply. Check with your provider.) Find out more about MixRadio Lumia 520 Mix Radio Free HERE Maps. Destinations uncovered.
i have bought this phone for the billion sale on flipkart, packing was excellent.i have dropped this mobile several times but its working very nicely.i prefer using windows IOS, its much better than android.only problem is that ram is 512 which is very less.
I bought Moto E from flipkart with so called Gorilla Screen but it broke even from 4 feet height. Then I bought this Nokia gem for just 6999 and its much sturdier than Moto E. Speed is good, battery backup is acceptable too. Very handy and ofcourse you get niche of Windows UI OS.
Its worth of amount paid as i got it at discount on Big-Billion day. For the people who want to use windows smartphone they can try this.
Awesome product. Very much economical. Liked it a lot. The best gift that you can give to your besties.
This product is awesome,i have using it NOKIA IS BEST Used for all type of stuffs like pdf reading,email whatsapp,facebook and all. Give a five start.
The Lumia 520 comes with a range of great features only found on a Nokia phone, including built-in digital camera lenses like Cinemagraph, Smart Shoot and Panorama, as well as other great apps like HERE Maps, free voice-guided navigation and free streaming music through MixRadio. With a range of changeable, colourful shells, you can refresh your phone whenever you want. Have more fun with the Lumia 520. Specs Display 4.0" IPS LCD 480x800 resolution 235 ppi Storage 8 GB storage 512 MB RAM Expandable memory Camera 5.0 MP 720p HD video Autofocus Processor 1 GHz MSM 8x27 Dual core Software Windows Phone 8.1 Battery life 9 hours talk 360 hours standby Networks GSM 850; GSM 900; GSM 1800; GSM 1900; W-CDMA 900; W-CDMA 2100
I have been using this phone for a year. Please find my opinions below : prons : - virus free - relatively faster than cheap androids. - nice wallpapers of bing(:P) - no front cam - low data consumption cons : - ear phones and charger got complaint, needed to buy one - stereo is nw mono in earphones(really pathetic) - lack of app and customization. - app store is not mature yet I recommend to go for a moto for the same price. Am planning for an upgrade. But never back to Windows again in my life and I never recommend the same.
Best windows mobile in this price Range. Very fast and superb packaging and original very good quality product.Working very well till last 4 months.No lag, Asphault 8 is working without any lag.All apps are working very well. 512 RAM is enough for windows.Nice phone with this price range. Nokia camera is really amazing.I like it
As all smartphones available today this is a bit overpriced smartphone. !!! Pros : *It has a clear and bright display . *The touch is awesome .Very much sensitive. *The screen does not shines in sunlight. *No lags While operating the windows Os. *Camera is good and takes clear photos with Hd video recording . Cons: *Flash is missing in camera . *Their is no FM radio in the phone !! *No front camera
very good product in this price range battery is fine display is good works well with 512mb ram camera is ffine in low light areas
Pros: Good speed, good battery life(without using internet). Camera is really good except there is no flash. Cons: Speed dial function is not speed dial in true sense i.e. you canot set a number for your contact. The attachment feature is not available if you go to gmail from google or web browser. Files received from bluetooth cannot be seen in any folders in the mobile (you have to tap the file on dowloading so that it can be viewed through your app) The store does not contain many apps.
product is really good . features are nice, but the battery doesn't stand even for two hours . otherwise great product.
best mobile with trusted brand in its range, phone has all necessary apps and games ...runs smooth and the best thing is battery duration....
I got it after my 10th grade board exams. It's been 8 months and it's working great. Touch is amazing too. And it looks classy, man. Matte finish at the back which is also a plus. It's scratch resistant, though I have two mini scratches at the centre (yes, no screen-guard for 8 months and just 2 mini scratches). The only problem is that the phone has to be connected to the pc or laptop to change the Bluetooth name. And also to create playlists unless you upgrade it to 8.1. For a phone for over 10K, Nokia could have introduced a secondary camera.
Very good mobile and battery backup is just awesome 2-3days Good looking mobile even people are you notice when its in your hand . Last not least its nokia
Purchased it for someone in my family who was not comfortable with Android battery backup. The phone is good in hardware, durability and endurance, but it sucks when it comes to the Windows OS running in it. Personal recommendation: Don't buy this phone, instead go for any Android device available in this range. Android will not disappoint you.
smart phones are always awesome. i wish in windows app store they provide more apps . flipkart delivery was good.
Bought this product in the Big Billion Sale. Got it very cheap only at Rs.4999/- Initially the product was defective as the camera was not working but Flipkart agreed to change it at no additional cost. Changed product was delivered in only 2 days. It is now working perfectly. Other Specs are as advertised by nokia lumia. One of the best phones in this category. Satisified user.
Errors with basic tasks like sending sms. Regular messages about sms not sent are rampant. Appstore is awful, and has the worst configuration process every, not to mention highly arduous. The os is not versatile and simple tasks cannot be done. Just plain awful. Do not buy
the first product i received was nt working only , i got a replacement frm flipkart , but the second product is also nt working properly. its better to buy products by paying full money instead of getting flat 50% off for 50% working condition products
Its the second Lumia 520 m using. I really like the Lumia 520. Excellent product. Good Discount offered on this product.
I have been using this phone for more than one year now. Till now, I am very much satisfied with the performance of the phone. After using Android, Windows OS was a relief for me as it is much simpler and easier to use. Cons: 1. Primary camera with no LED flash and no secondary camera. 2. Battery dies very quickly while gaming or during wi-fi usage. 3. Internal memory is very less for users. This phone was a rage when released in 2013 however, I won't recommend users to buy this particular model now as there are many smartphones ( mainly Android) arrived in this price range with far more features. If you still wanna buy a Windows phone, go for Lumia 535 or 730 model instead. For users who are skeptical about OS, don't be. Windows OS is perfectly okay.
a year of usage and without any hassles . Reliabilty as a phone superb , good coverage and battery life .
Good product no problems in using nokia lumia mobile. Quick i.e. before time delivery for the mobile. no scratches and received in good condition. Happy with the delivery and the product both.
i used this phone it's but we are always want update phones sooooo we can change this phone and buy a new phone
I had bought this phone few months back and till now have found no issues. Display touch everything is good for this price with good battery backup as well. Only thing which I found to be missing was led flash for camera. However for this price this is good.
Pros : - · Price – I bought it for 5K as there was an offer. · Thinner and less weight. · Camera quality is too good. · Highly responsive touch. · Games never hang or lag. · Sound quality is good. · Battery Life is awesome.
Nearly three months i am using this phone excellently working and screen size and quality was very nice. The photo quality also good.... battery of the phone was poor when continuously using net. Overall the experience Nokia lumia 520 was good....
Using this product for over a few months now & thoroughly satisfied with the purchase. Cost to benefit ratio is quite less, hence making it an ideal buy for people looking to purchase smartphone on a limited budget. Big thumbs up to Flipkart and WS Retail!!
Upto the Mark like Good Old Nokia Days ! Bought 2 during offer period. Robust,Good to Navigate,Buy from Flipkart ,GEnuine & Orignal
is mob ne meri life change kr di . ye mob duniya ka pahela or aakhri suparhit mob h iske bad koi achha mob ni aayega . jb se mene ye mob. liya h meri to kismt hi khul gyi . mujhe 150000 rupe ki job mil gyi
Lumia 520 is very good phone. it is running well. I am giveing 4 out 5. Because, it is a single sim phone.
Oh..! Guys , I Love my L520 than any other Smart Phones because after 1 years i'm totally exited to use this awesome Windows Phone. It can be updated to Windows Phone 8.1. I think it should able to Update Windows 10 Soon.
1. Really Light 2. Nice Display 3. Okay Battery Backup 4. Camera Good for this price range. 5. Bit outdated now. Price just doesnt justify the phone
this one i purchased 1 year back as i got fed up of anroid phones. I must say i dont feel lyk going back to anroid phones now...the only drawback it a little lag time due to insufficient RAM according to windows operating system but in 8000 what else one can expect. Video quality is nyc but camera some what ok only...(again 5 mp without flash so better). Touch is smooth and phone built is strong which need not to mention for nokia. If you can spend a little more better go for 730 or 525.
pros: 4 inch screen looks glossy and better good memory space fine video recording windows 8.1 (stable than 8) best feature is battery backup cons: ram is a bit less ,so use 3 apps at a time not more than that no front cam data cable is too small .
Budget mobile which meets all your needs to the best. Sound quality in headphone is average. Net speed is also average.
god phone with the good price. working well. look great , some time it get heat and hank.one small difficult can't download attachement a pdf file from gmail
Lots heard - "Android has far better UI", but when it comes to newbie to smart phone... the windows colourful and bigger tiles is a big plus. The phone is smooth (no delays in processing), clarity is very good.... I gifted to my dad... and he is using it comfortably.
i have personal experience Nokia lumia 520 is very superb phone . what a looking and working style is so funtrastic and and net speed is very fast ..i like this.....
Wow.. I'm very much impressed.. Flipkart is no one online shopping address according to me. Packaging is just awesome. Delivery is good. Actually everything is just awesome. And about my product.. Lumia 520 is very much impressed me for it's design. Camera quality is good where it's not have flash but quality is good as NOKIA. Touch is very sensible. MOST IMPORTANT THING IS NOKIA LUMIA 520 SUPPORT WHATS-APP where X , XL, Lumia Other seriese is not support. I give 5 star for Flipkart.. And 3.5 star for LUMIA 520. THANK YOU
Wow.. I'm very much impressed.. Flipkart is no one online shopping address according to me. Packaging is just awesome. Delivery is good. Actually everything is just awesome. And about my product.. Lumia 520 is very much impressed me for it's design. Camera quality is good where it's not have flash but quality is good as NOKIA. Touch is very sensible. MOST IMPORTANT THING IS NOKIA LUMIA 520 SUPPORT WHATS-APP where X , XL, Lumia Other seriese is not support. I give 5 star for Flipkart.. And 3.5 star for LUMIA 520. THANK YOU
IT WAS A REALLY GREAT LUMIA AT A REALLY GREAT PRICE I GOT THE SEAL 2 PACD ITS BEEN A LONG TIME ME BUYING THE PHONE IT HAS GOT NO PROBLEMS AND EVEN I WAS ABLE TO USE THE PHONE 24HRS COMES WITH EVERYTHING U NEED AND U EVEN SAVE 5000 MAKING PROFIT THANKS A LOT!!!!!
Bought this phone for my DAD who is 83, as ease of operation and large icons was a necessity. He has managed to handle the basic functions and the phone has till now not offered any problems. Overall, good phone and fast Delivery from Flipkart makes this a good deal.
PRODUCT IS REALLY AMAZING AND BEST AT THE PRICE ....SUPERB WITHOUT ANY SPEED LACK AND ALSO WORK BEST EVEN WITH 512 MB RAM ...IT ALSO SUPPORTS HEAVY GAME SNAD CAMERA QUALITY IS ALSO GOOD
I bought this phone for the first time in April 2014 but it was stolen in September. I was so much satisfied by this phone that I bought Lumia 520 again. Totally satisfied with this phone. Although in the current circumstances it does face some challenges from the Xiaomi Redmi 1s but still nothing can beat Nokia when it comes to robustness. Just loving this phone. The Windows 8.1 update is superb and has successfully overcome some of the limitations of Windows 8. So, if you are tired of Android and want to try something new but don't want to spend much money then you can go for this phone. Totally worth the price.
Lumia 520 has performed above my expectation.User interface is better than android in terms of its ease, application accessibility and more useful apps.I loved its screen and color scheme of the phone. Just have a complaint over its battery which is aroung 1900 MaH. Nokia could have done better on this aspect. Overall, satisfied with phone.
I have purchased Lumia 520 from flipkart on 17-11-2014. Best phone for the budget....smooth touch...fast processor, no hanging....nice picture clarity....only pros noticed is batter back up is much needed and lack of front camera.....other wise the phone is little beast............
best buy...best price in flipkart. easy to handle. small but usefull.........................................................................
very good touch. good buy. though I find android to be more user friendly. display is very good. Gifted it to my father. so cant say much about gaming and all. Signal reception good. scratch free glass.
very good phone with this price.. every one should buy this phone those who want to experience good quality in low price
Hangs frequently if you download too many apps but the camera features are nice. No front camera which is a must in handsets now. Overall it's just a best phone for basic work, which you would expect a phone to do.
Its a great device. It looks small and fits well in your palm. It has a lot of useful features as a smartphone. I can do almost everything with it, that i can do with an Android smartphone. The only lack is the front cam and flash. The device got recently updated to the latest Lumia Denim and it rocks now. The biggest advantage of windows phones is that the OS version keeps getting updated, whether it is Lumia 520 or 1520. WiFi works great on this device. 3G and Internet Sharing (WiFi Hotspot) work great too. Camera is good in day light. Gaming experience is average on the small 4 inch screen but still is good. I recommend the latest Lumia 535 phone to all professionals.
This phone has a nice cofiguration, proper display size and very handy. Build quality is good except for digitizer (touch) which is very fragile and costly to repair.
BEST PRODUCT IN THIS PRICES GOOD WINDOW PHONE CAMERA AND OTHER FEACHERS ARE GOOD. OVER ALL GOOD PRODUCT. personality shine through. But its equally important to provide facts to backup It's always better to product I have used.
Heating issue is the biggest problem of this phone. If you keep the net on while talking then you will not be able to hold the phone more than 10 minutes. Proximity sensor near speaker area and the back side surrounding the battery gets heated up very frequently.Tried to return on 27/28th day but that request was rejected. I took that phone to service center they said it happens in all Lumia phone. Camera is good. Battery will last 6/8 hrs if you keep surfing. Processor is fast responding.
I am using this Lumia 520 for last 1.6 years, This is an excellent mobile in this price, I have not got even a single problem in this mobile for last 1.6yrs...
Once the biggest fan of NOKIA, stopped using Nokia Devices since it was not at par with smartphones initially. But with this product I am glad I like NOKIA again!!!
hey frndz I just wanna say that its an AWESOME phone which you must buy. Iam using this phone since 4 months with 0 errors.
It has some very good feature but it lacks some basic feature like messaging contact as sms.I got it at discounted price, so it is anytime worth.
phone is awsome but bettery back up is not sufficient for me,specs of phone is better than low baget phone ,i agree please buy is product
Internet is slow. Gets heated up with internet usage. Seems like lot of radiation. One can feel the ears aching and headache if we speek for 15 min
If u hav used to android surely u will hesitate to go for windows. windows mobile os need to grow I sold this mobile after one month. Hardware ok software ...................
This is one of the nice product I have received and moreover I am a big fan of Nokia mobiles, Don't wanted to buy any other brand, this is a best phone at a reasonable price from Nokia.
I bought this product for my wife after several reviews and recommendation and it is good. Lately I started to use windows phone and I am loving it. This product is also having awesome features and you can blindly buy it as it perform better for this budget.
i purchased it three months ago and using it only for calling purpose. i got good battery backup and no hanging problem till now. i think this phone is not made for gaming purpose but very good one for calling and messaging. camera quality is good . people who wants a decent usefull phone can go for it.
I have been using for a year, much satisfied with its performance stylish design camera quality is great good battery backup reading incoming text sms is excellent feature
I got this product from flipkart on 23rd nov 2013 within 3-4 days of placing ordrer full marks to flipkart. As per product review , it is one of the best phone from NOKIA. Spec wise looks wise it is more valuable than it is priced. Till today(06-01-2015) the phone had worked flawlessly. Battery back up is very good. Sometimes i lags in capturing the network.
super smart phone,but android is better than windows.And i am satisfied with this mobile.thanks to flipkart.
The cell phone is good enough for those who're looking for a product with basic mobile utility and all internet facilities.. coupled with that, it has the trustworthiness of nokia and a few amazing apps too.. windows 8.1 is also certainly better than its predecessor...its value addition at no extra price.. cons- no front camera and its not dual sim camera doesn't have flash too
very good mobile at this price. brilliant display and outlook email and here maps are perfect. great phone :)
In the very first place, i bought it on the big billion day. But Lumia 520 is much "bigger" than that. I have been using it for not more than 2 months, but already built a sentiment on it. I believed in Nokia since my very first mobile, and i still do. At this price of 5500Rs (on big billion day), this is THE BEST. (usually 7.5-8K is the market price i guess) Positives: What a flow of touch ! Coolest Interface. Credit goes to windows The dimensions are perfect for your palm. Sounds great with Nokia headsets. It's Strong. That's why I prefer a Nokia phone in the first place. (It already fell twice ;)) If you picture it perfectly, Camera's work look brilliant. Very handy default apps (whatsapp, bookmyshow, HereMaps..) Processing speed is just fine. Negatives : Single sim (that too a micro sim) Battery(1430 mAh) backup is less. It works well with Music player. But with internet on, battery offs quicker. Windows being not having proper file manager, music player not supporting all formats. Go for it, If you want something new but yet to believe the truth. I thank Flipkart for its before-time delivery, perfect packaging process.
Lumia is one of the best windows phone below 10k of range.Unique style,good sound,display is 234 ppi but awesome picture quality.Touch is just like butter you can feel it on your fingers its just like a i-phone.
Till date I more fond of using windows than android or iphones. a windows phone at such a low price was a myth. Not anymore... Flipkart has broken the myth...... Awesome phone at awesome price.. Buy a better, smoother, faster phone at this price and tell me.. I am in all ears.
I bought this for my sister and she liked it very much. I think this one is the best Nokia product that came in resent years. Highly recommended.
HELLO, THIS IS GOOD PHONE WITH VALUE OF MONEY. I HAVE BOUGHT TWO LUMIA 520 FROM FLIPKART ONE WAS AN YEAR AGO AND SECOND WAS TWO MONTH AGO. PHONE ARE NICE I RECOMMEND 520 THOSE WHO WANT TO SPEND 7-8K FOR PHONE. IT IS GOOD TO BUY A LUMIA PHONE RATHER THAN A LOCAL PHONE. GOOD PHONE.
i am happy with the money spent...great product and value for money...simple to use...my mother is happy and comfortable with the product!
best buy all documents from windows can be easily viewed edited and managed. fast brilliant colors and managable ikons. all we are always used to
In about less than two months' use ( I use this phone sparingly as I have another, aniPhone) the power adapter gave out an electric spark near the neck while charging ! I never expected such a poor quality from Nokia. Generally adapters used to last longer than the cell phones in the past.
Low configuration and I seriously doubt the after sales support as the company is changing hands . . . . . . .
very nice phone..got on big billion day..flipkart service is very fast... satisfied with the Phone..battery backup is amazing(if not used) if used battery gets down fast... but very nice for low budjet people..& mostly lumia 520 lovers!!!...
It's nice phone below 10K range. It was very successful phone before one year but now there are so many wonderful phones available with in this range. But I must say android is better than windows.
1st flipkart best service as usual 2nd lumia love it only problem is heating; when you play loaded games or run heavy apps., but it doesn't affect your phone speed.
I bought L520 last year when it was a new release. For a year, I absolutely had NO problem whatsoever. But in less than 6 months, the keys broke. First the lock key, then volume down, then camera, then volume up and again the lock key I missed to update my warranty by 3 days and the Nokia Care Center (Vashi, Navi Mumbai) refused to update it. My bad. The key breaking issue was really hectic. It has such a tiney button and I rarely opened it so when they reviewed my phone they said that the button was missing (??!!). The service was also poor so, I am moving on with Nokia. I bought it only for its name but it's not worth it. Just for the sake of competition, it is really different than others but not anymore.
i have bought this mobile 8 months back, the phone is hanging and gets restarted automatically,i went to authorized service center, they told this product not having warranty, also display is not original it have been changed in unauthorized service center,so i decided not to buy thing in online...
Super mobile .. Quality is very good and amazing performance ... Very fast even we installed lot of apps..
WE ALL KNOW THAT HE NOKIA IS A EXCELLENT BRAND BUT THESE DAYS NOKIA'S LUMIA SERIES ARE ONLY WASTE OF MONEY VIA HARDWARE IT IS A GOOD SMRTFON BT VIA SOFTWARE NOT SO
Using for more than a year now. This phone is just awesome in its price. Asphalt car racing games, which is 1.6 GB in size, runs so smooth. while same game hangs on most of android phones. Awesome camera. Awesome performance, Awesome Touch. I dont see any drawback in its price range.
1.no file manager 2.sharing is not so easy 3.no way to save your contacts on sim card only on the microsoft account 4.minor problems in whatsapp connectivity the overall built quality and specification of the phone is good and also working very well but you may thing about the user interface before buying any windows phone.
Price - Well, I got it for only 5000 here on flipkart. Professionally appealing. Great features. Best in range. Hi Cortana! You know, still there are incomparable things! -This is one of them.
i bought this lumia series.its worst of all.camera is a shit.bad on focus.no more than 500 app.worst mobile.please dont buy
I got this at a discount for INR 6K as a replacement for a broken cellphone. The phone is a little slow with all the apps / games. But I use it mostly for voice calling, email, whatsapp, and some internet surfing and it works well for me. Would not recommend this for heavy usage - like a corporate email account!
First off all, Hats off to Flipkart for the amazing price. Here is my verdict Pros : Price, performance, camera, sound. Cons: At this price i cannot ask for more. The battery is a bit small, but can easily power the device for just more than one day under moderate use.
Excellent mobile with good speaker clarity than Sony E series. Have good way to manage different apps in form of tiles on Desktop, Overall Good one to go.
Nokia lumia 520 is an good phone it is good in looks in performance and many other other things.Lumia 520 comes in windows 8 and 8.1. this is one of the best phones below 10,000rs. U get many features pre installed like here maps,mix radio etc.About the performance it has got The powerful 1GHz dual core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor which is good.RAM is 512mb which is fair.It is a single sim cell.This mobile comes with 4gb internal and 7gb cloud storage which is excellent.Coming to camera it has 5mp main camera and no front cam which is a draw back.the outer of the phone is the screen is 4.0 inch long LCD super sensitive touch.The battery is 1430 MAh.THe phone talk time is 830min and 360 hrs phone standby(with data).The starting price is 4999.Over all this is a good compact and decent looking phone for the price.
Its kindly requested from my side to all upcoming buyers please dont buy any of nokia lumia series phones as it possess unable to find boot option error!! which can make your phone go unresponsive . The solution for same is not given by nokia team uptill now .Service centers will just change your motherboard for rupees 3000 !!! So refrain from buying this phone ... i used this phone over a year and so gradually encountered the above error... though phone is good the error is worst part ... which changes buy indicator to the dont buy indicator... rest is your choice!!!
This is one of the best selling windows phone with the latest lumia cyan update pre-installed in it unlike the android ones with max two updates. got it in the Big Billion day at the cheapest price thanks Flipkart. Got my mobile within 24hrs of order. The UI is smooth easy to use..good work by Microsoft.. :) :)
Mobile is ok ok...... Neither too good nor too bad...... You can get better mobile in this range but I have lot of trust in Nokia, so I purchased it. Otherwise I would have opted for Moto E.
in this everything is there .awesome. the most important thing ..it is in budget..Good deal. Sound and video quality is good . camera is also good. No hang and all.
in this everything is there .awesome. the most important thing ..it is in budget..Good deal. Sound and video quality is good . camera is fine.
This is the best product from flipkart. The phone works jst awsum . I have been using this phone for last 3 months and it has a very good battery back up,excellent camera features. In one word ,its the best.
The screen gave serious lag issues from the first day. I delayed in checking it and after couple of weeks took it to the nokia care centre and they told the screen display is of a duplicate make and hence the issue. I was happy getting it for 5k on the Big Billion sale day and now it just sucks. 2 star rating for quick delivery as usual but the product is total sham.
This is my (Nokia Lumia 520) first Windows mobile. It has amazing apps (like here drive + etc.) Even It has 512 MB RAM, Its Performance is awesome. I 100 % refer to my friend to this mobile.
its jst a awsome phone i have ever seeen. its camera quality jst awsome. thank u nokia. its no hanging problem
This phone crashes often on a long run. The cost is more for a phone with just 512 MB No front camera No gyroscope Can't run even Subway Surfers smoothly Take a much long time to open games . Finally this phone is a utter waste .
One of the worst phone with worst battery backup.. Battery doesn't even lasts for 3 hours. Although all other things all much good in this phone But battery issue is big one which overlaps all other things. I have to charge this phone for 3-4 times in a single day. . Bad experience.. Please don't buy this phone.. Rather go for moto e or honor holly.. Thanku.
pros- 1. Good build quality 2. Nice camera 3. Win8.1 is butter 4. No unnecessary apps Cons- 1. Little overpriced at Flipkart. It is best buy at 5000-6000. Not above.
Its awesome, its like your friend guide and tutor. Nothing needs to be said about any lumia phone. But anybody wants to buy this phone pls wait and check lumia 535, which is better product in almost similar price. But if you get 520 within 5500 buy it instantly :)
superb phone u should buy it the o.s is great and u get many superb pre-loaded apps useful to us but according to gaming many games such as GTA San Andreas and clash of clans are not available on windows phone that is the great issue but many apps that are not supported in android 512 MB ram devices are launched for windows 512 MB ram devices it has great performance I m Using it since last 1 month but no disappointment except the battery power backup the UI is smooth and nice the product is safe and can buy without any worries from Flipkart The flipkart WS retail gives nice service service and packaging so that the product does not get damaged and the packing is waterproof.so just buy ur Lumia 520 and enjoy
Not a great product, after using for 4 months, the phone is now automatically getting switched off at times.
within this price range this is good phone to buy...i got good deal on flipkart and got this phone in 5,999. phone is good and works fine but camera has no flash.
It can run even high graphics oriented game at ease. Battery backup is even very good. Overall good purchase at this price.
Nice touch,Nice cam,good built quality overall good mobile in this price range..... and Specially Thankyou FLIPKART........
Fantabolus is the word for the services rendered by flipkart and not once but every time we order. I blindly trust services of this website, its not like snap deal which takes ages to deliver and have always issues with courier company..excellent product to buy at an excellent price
Hi, friends I just bought my Nokia Lumia 520 from my local dealer for 7900/-. Before that i was using Samsung sduos ,which i bought at 16000. I felt cheated when phone started crashing when i installed a couple of apps. I felt much more disappointing when Samsung slashed the price to 10k,in order to increase sales . Then i sold my old phone for 6k and with adding some money i bought this phone. Initially i had no choice other than this i doubted whether windows phone had enough apps,but it surprised me it got all necessary apps from trusted companies. The OS was not that sexy,but it never crashes easily. The phone is durable than all its counter parts, i myself have grounded it many times , still it has no complains. GO FOR WINDOWS GO FOR LUMIA,
I had bought the Lumia 520 back in August 2013 and I’m using it since then without having any issues with it. Here, I am going to give my review and experiences with it. DESIGN: The overall design of the 520 is great. It is a little boxy and feels good in the hand. It’s back cover is removable which is quite good in case you want to remove or exchange the battery. There are three physical buttons which are only on the right side of the device. The volume control on the top, the power button in the middle and the two step camera shutter button on the bottom. The build quality of the back cover is ok but since it is an affordable phone, Nokia has done well. DISPLAY: The Lumia 520 has a 4″ IPS LCD display with WVGA 480×800 resolution and a pixel density of somewhere around 235 ppi. With the display I have had no issues, it is great. PERFORMANCE: With the Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 1 Ghz dual-core processor it is quite fast. I don’t know why people ask for more processor when even this is enough. My phone never hanged or lagged. Games also work quite good. The only thing that should have been more is its 512MB RAM (which Nokia did in the Lumia 525). Some games that need 1 GB or more of RAM don’t run on this phone. A battery of 1430 mAh packs lot of juice which can keep going for more than a day. CAMERA: A camera having 5 mega pixels is decent enough for normal photography but I would advise you to carry with you another camera for some heavy-duty photography. It has no LED flash though which is one downside when it comes to low-light photography. The video capturing is much better. With 720p 30 fps recording, it sometimes comes handy when you want to record something and you don’t have a camera around you. AUDIO: In short, it is loud and great. OTHER FEATURES: Other features that you all probably know are Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n and No NFC. It includes some great apps like HERE Maps, HERE Drive which provide truly offline map navigation, Nokia Camera which is a combination of the former Pro Cam and Smart Cam. The Windows Phone has 200,000+ apps to choose from. Social networks like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc. integrate seamlessly into the OS. MY VERDICT: If you are in search of a cheap and affordable Windows Phone, this is the phone for you. But if you plan on buying some high end phone, then you can go for some of the higher end Lumias. I have been using it for almost an year and for me, I think it is a pretty decent phone. Good job Nokia.
Good job flipkart .keep it up . Was retail tanks fr u to . Lumia phone is a amazing product . Pls make sure that u keep on dnt this wrk!!
there is lot of software issues for Lumia 520 like phone rebooting several time,not able to open any app,some issues cant be resolved after software upgradation,then u have to pay Rs2999 for maintainance.Is this real solution.why we should pay 2999!!!!!!!!!!!
It has yet not performed as per my expectations, get struck frequently, battery problem remains the same for Nokia! I would rather suggest to go for other models in Lumia series..
This set is gifted to me. The Internet is not working despite BSNL 3G pack is activated . Nokia care is not attending says go to market for settings.They need original cash receipt from Nokia/dealer. Do U agree with this behavior.
Hi..I purchased this mobile from filpkart just at 4999/-. before buying this mobile i was using samsung galaxy sduos GTS7562 which i bought at 12500/-. i just wanted try the windows operating system and guys this phone is really good and it gives full value for the money u spent. Pros 1. Good design and shape. 2. Cheap in cost 3. Battery lasts for almost one and half day with data connection on. 4. Lumia cinemagraph. Cons 1. No FM radio 2. Brightness cannot be adjusted as u want only three modes of adjustment available 3. No good vedio player available in store like mx player for android. Finally i want to say if u r looking for a budget phone...just go for it....
Its giving so much heat and we are not sure why its comming like that,been tried to reach to FlipKart so many times,no use. Strongly suggest you that, don't want buy phones from this Vendor. Thanks, Suresh Kovuri
windows phone not well compare to android phone such as we didnt get app which we want like flash transfer and all many other apps in flash transfer we can send movies within 2minutes its not in windows phone its only in android phone
i have received my product on 22-11-14 only nice and fast shipping the mobile is working in good condition and best price super mobile excellent service from the seller............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... :)
Used phone for almost one and half months. Camera is good. OS is good. Hangs frequently. Battery is very poor, drains fast. Network is weak compared with other mobile with the same sim. Sound quality is good. Game played smoothly, subway surfer.Over all average phone.
Bought this for 4999 from flipcart. This is the best ever deal. >New OS wp8(wp8.1 upgrade+fast performance), Nokia(brand name+ product quality+support), Avg. battery life, Impressive apps(here offline maps+ mix radio+here drive etc.), super sensitive touch, super camera(for low light photography too), Good signal reception(mobile+ Wi-Fi), look( attractive design+colourful shells), excellent mic, double tap to wakeup, games never hang,Ms office. >But no equaliser, no NFC, only 500mb ram(no problem OS is not ram hungry), ear phones not good(consider buying wh208) > Using it for 45 days, No problems till date, Very happy for the phone.
Let us not get in to the specification details. That you will find anywhere in different websites. In one word this phone is the best one any one can afford at this price range. I have been using this phone for almost 1.6 years. Build (9/10) : An amazing build of a phone. the plastic feels premium. The edge finish of lumia 520 give a unique feel which you can never get in any other device. Only problem with the BLACK model specifically is that the back panel is rubberized and a magnet to fingerprints and dust. Performance (8/10) : A decent good performance. Even with 512RAM, due to windows phone OS the performance is great. Though there are few application (like Facebook) which restricts the performance and lowers the meaning of the phone. In one and a half year my phone never hanged. Feel (10/10) : That is the best part. When everyone uses the same UI, windows phone gives you a complete different experience and a premium feel. The UI with its live tiles gives you an amazing feel of a true gadget. Camera (9/10) : This is the best camera at this price range. Absolutely amazing. Of Course there will be noise in low light but the nokia in build process makes it sharper and imposes an image stabilizer. This camera performs excellent for macro and low lights also reduces the shake and blur effect. Sound (7/10) : The loud speaker is decent. Never gives a broken sound. The head phone quality (with a good headphone) is good as well. But, the music application is a complete disaster. There are no equalizer and neither a good app for music. Management and OS (5/10) : This is the worst part. There are no compatibility with the OS and the Apps. There are no File managers. You can not send even a music mp3 file in whatsapp. The Facebook application is a disaster to use. Connectivity and Call Quality (8/10) : Call quality in NOKIA? God! why are we even talking about it? It is THE BEST. Now 3G connectivity.. first one year it was amazing, but for last half year it has been very very bad. I am not sure if that is becuase of my connection somehow. Battery (9/10) : You can easily sustain a day with good amount of work on this phone. The battery saver app in this phone is absolutely perfect. It really really helps like a lot. You can listen to music and fell asleep for a night and there will be no difference in the charge level. Display (7/10) : The display resolution of the phone is absolutely crisp. But the phone is unable to play several videos for different formats. It can not even download a video from You Tube. Verdict : The phone is a bliss. Specially the camera, Off line navigation Maps, bBattery management and performance. No lags. No hang. Yea a little bit of heating issue, but thats was okay. But windows need to perform a lot better. There are no harmony with the useless apps like facebook. So yes, if you like the slick, Smart feel of Windows, this is the best one in the market at this price. Suggestion : TRY NOT TO STORE DATA ON SD CARD
Don't think just buy it . With the budget of around 7k, this phone is great. You won't regret it. I bought 3 nokia 520. They are all working fine. Music system is good and with the RAM of just 512 mob, it's quite good for games too.
due to its bad battery backup, (last only 6-8 hours with normal usage) and failed to resolve the issue with flipkart, sold it through OLX for the loss of Rs.500 and gained a painful experience with FK. except battery, phone is 4*,(as outdated, but with promising specs) FK delivery 5*-- they maintain a good courier service :) FK service 0*-- you need to be Einstein to understand what they ask to experiment on your phone, at your own risk. so, for this purchase, got this on FK for 5600-- faced problems for 30 days-- sold on OLX for 5100 --- relieved.. :)
very good service extended by flipkart.................................................................................................................................................
Open the box and found that mobile is dead ! Thanks for the fast service by flipkart but ph was for no use
Here is Why flipkart is best in E-Commerce world..I get the phone within 2 days of booking. and the goods which i received from the retailer is all in good condition and the performance of the product is awesome...thanks to flipkart and keep moving in your way of shopping and consumers satisfaction.
There are other reviews that talk about the amazing features of this smart phone, so I won't touch upon that. To be brief, it's an amazing quality smart phone at the price it is. And you won't be disappointed by the operating system/apps/touch screen etc. The only thing that is totally disappointing is the battery life. I have been using this phone for about 5 months now and here are the statistics: 1) Without wifi / 3G data enabled : about 17-18 hours 2) With only wifi. No 2G/3G data usage : about 15 hours 3) Both wifi and data on all the time, with few whatsapp/facebook usage : down to about 13 hours I must say Nokia has got it totally wrong and screwed up it's own USP which was the battery life, in all it's earlier phones. There are battery saver options etc but don't help much. Given this, I would leave it to a buyers choice on what he wants. Certainly, it's a good trade off if you ignore the battery life. But once you have overcome the fascinations of using a smart phone, battery life will really take precedence.
Loved the phone, has almost all features that I wanted. Had some good apps pre loaded as well. Delivery was on time.
Don't order Lumia 520 pieces. Not working properly, it has battery problem. Today I have received Lumia 520 , but it is not starting up.
camera is good. earphone is also better. doesn't hang so much. basic games play very well. i hav been using this phone about 3 months and have installed most apps but until now it works great
It works perfectly as backup mobile device. Due to lower ram (512MB), switching apps takes time to load. It seems it aggressively swaps the background apps and takes time to load from cache after switching back. UI is fluid though. Hiccup is less in most of the apps. Don't expect it to play most games smooth - 3D games stutters and framerate drops. If you want a daily driver, it would be better to invest in 1GB device - general multitasking will be faster and less "Loading..." message.
This is a wonderful phone windows 8.1 OS work really good.... touch is very smooth battery average... but overall very good product.. i am happy.... FLIPKART delivery is also good :)
Two Issues with Lumia 520 - Bluetooth connectivity - It hangs many times at a time during incoming calls, which do not allow to lift the calls. Rest all is good with the Phone
this is the best phone u can get at this price..please dont go for micromax and other average companies..the processor used in this phone is better than the processor used in other phones in this price range...There are no lags and all the games are customised for this phone.,camera quality is the BEST ..oly problem is some apps are not free but still most of social networking apps and games are free..go for it with out a second thought!!
I bought this mobile last year for almost 10k recently it fell down and it stopped working . If you are intrested in a phone for 1 year then you can buy this When it was working it was under good condition but only once falling down it stopped working
Dear friends i am using nokia lumia 520 from past 10 months, mobile working is very poor and i brought this phone at 7999 / .This is the big mistake of my life ,and also nokia customer service is too bad .
Received a faulty phone from Flipkart. Mobile getting switched off automatically from the day i got my phone. Registered a complaint 4 days back, but they continuosly saying that we will call you back in 48 hrs. Received a call after 4 days, the person who called me ask me to reset my phone, but now i cant even switch on the phone. but he mentioned the status as resolved, when i call back they are saying, your status has not updated yet, please call us in 24 hrs. I Am Waiting !!!!!!!!!
A Sturdy, sleek, slim, lightweight phone, exceptional OS and decent reliable apps !!! NO REGRETS !!!! What's mind boggling is Nokia's strange cost cutting. No LED flash, no FM radio, no qHD display, not even 1 GB RAM and a below par 1430 mAh battery. A SURE SHOT MARKET WINNER is selling at a 50% discount in less than a year's time. And I bet with the added features the NL-520 would not be out dated anytime soon. Lumia 520, 525, 620, 625, 630, 720 -----, Nokia just exactly what are you upto ???
I am fully happy with the Flipjart for their responses and services. I have received complete product along with bill warranty, charger, headset, data card ,user manual; since there was a feedback that online purchase-deliveries are missing vital parts. -- I was little bit sceptical while ordering but very happy after receiving the product. This NOKI LUMIA is a beautiful product. This may be single sim and 2g but it serves our actual needs. -- 64 GB external SD card support and fine touch screen made me much more happy. The all nice things came to me only for Rs. 5400/- Thanks flipkart.
The product is amazing, Even the Midrange games like Temple Run, Race, works very smooth. At this price if you get an Android definitely it hangs or slowdown. Windows platform is going good in Apps as well
Both my wife and myself are using lumia 520 for past one year now and without any regrets etc. Considering the price range there is hardly anything one can expect more out of this variant of nokia. Only thing is that it is not having a secondary camera and LED flash otherwise this would have been the 5***** Our feel is that if one is having a budget around 7-8K please go for it and you will not look back. After all it is not possible to keep the price low if all the facilities upto desire are provided in the same variant, is not it ?
This is a wonderful phone. This is the second 520 in the family.It is easy to use.The display is good . Touch is smooth. I prefer the windows phone over the android phone as it syncs all my accounts automatically. The camera is good,only there is no flash. I got it for a steal at Rs 5999 on flipkart .
Nice product at amazing feature windows 8.1 OS. Which is so impressive,Thank u Flipkart.com for providing such a good product at amazing price and great service.
NICE PHONE, STYLISH DESIGN, BEAUTIFUL COLOUR, CAMERA IS AMAZING, TOUCH IS SOO SMOOTH & SENSITIVE. VERY NICE. IT WAS A GIFT FOR SOMEBODY, AND THE PURPOSE IS SERVED.
I have been using Lumia 520 since the time it was launched, great performance, timely updates unlike android where updates are available for flagships only. Bought another on TBBD for my brother !! Thank you flipkart for offering this at such a bargain.
Really a nice phone at a very affordable price..flipkart delivery z olso exclnt..m much delightd for geting dis fon befor tym..its worth every penny..
Now a days people are crazy about android phones, but I bet you this device is far better than a android one. All necessary features are there. I have already used many android phones but this time I fall in love with windows. Simple and amazing, I think this device has a best GPS integrated than any other android. SAR value is very very less, so this is a must buy phone who all mobile users. 3G, wifi, bluetooth connectivity works flawlessly. Best camera than moto e and asus zanfone 4. It gets 1 to 100% charged just withing 1.5 hours. Windows phone is future!!
my first windows phone. settings are complicated as hell. To find a particular option i have to struggle a lot. Response time was quite slow. Battery backup was worst it's gonna stay for 4 hours or may work for 6 hours.
I have used this phone for one year. The phone is indeed very nice to use , the screen exceptionally eye soothing . Still there is a very big problem with the Lumia series. All of a sudden one day I received a message as ERROR: Unable to find a bootable option. Press any key to shut down. Guys! many of the users have been searching for a resolution for this error. This seems to be some software issue. I showed it to Nokia center and even they were not sure if it can be repaired and even if it repairs it will loose all data. Please think 100 times if you are planning to buy a lumia phone. Nokia does not have any answer to this error and one cannot rely as this can happen anytime. I also tried Nokia software recovery tool but 520 is not recognized . so this phone has now become just a paperweight !! Microsoft needs to really think on this else they will loose their customers. Surf on net with the above error mentioned and just check out for yourself. Its windows issue and Nokia need not be blamed .
nice I like lumia series I recently buyed this to gift my sis coz she is new in this job... though all this I have lumia 730 nice budget phone please buy that both 2.....
I had a Samsung galaxy Android phone and it used to hang a lot. Luckily it got lost. Then I got myself a Nokia Lumia last year. This is my third Nokia Lumia in my family. I was always a fan of Nokia. Last year I bought a Lumia and ever since I never looked back at cheap quality android. Ever since I always refer my family members to buy Nokia phones. Pros: 520 is the best value for money phone. It was the most sold phone abroad because it is affordable, it is built by NOKIA. :) In android when an incoming call comes, it shows the number instead of contact's name. This happens when you have a lot of contacts from facebook and gmail. I never regretted after buying my first Nokia lumia. I have now become a fan :) . I won't use an android again even if I got for free. :D I've got a Lumia 520 black, then a 520 red for my wife. She loves it. 530 for my brother and he is loving it. Mom uses Lumia 730. Cons: None.
Its a good phone. Main advantage in using windows phone is that there is no virus attack and hanging down as in android. I am user of a galaxy grand too. when it was new, grand was good. later on started hanging, crashing...etc.. This phone never hang down.. no need to care.it fell down many times..literally u can use it just like Nokia 1100.. The features of this phone is decent. And main advantage is that Windows is still providing all updates possible for this low end old phone too.. It improved a lot. when i bought it I used to hate it.. Now i love it more than Android Shits..!!
I received the product in three days. I love the phone no lags while playing games like Temple Run 2. also I received the Lumia updates. working smoothly without any lags.
Microsoft need to work hard,i am using from last 8 month,average product,hanging problem,java related application not working properly,etc.........
phone is quite good .... has call drop issues but works smooth and fine, battery works for 12-14 hours which means you need to charge the phone twice a day or else getting a power bank handy will solve the issue
I got the phone on 2nd November,2014. Before using this phone I used many android. But lumia 520 is better. In a word awesome mobile. Thank to flipkart for the service they give us.
Purchased this product from flipkart.. Initially the product delivered to me was faulty.. It was rebooting & had browser issues .. When i reached flipkart, they accepted my return request & provided me with new one in less than 24 hrs, Indeed that's a great customer service from flipkart.. phone is worth & I'm loving the Windows 8 OS.
Excellent touch with fast response. good camera with great panorama pictures. light in weight. sleek that fits-in anywhere. great applications for W-8.1. game-play is very good. always recommendable for any "anti-androider". best buy with amazing features in the package.
Flipkart Gave me a Defected Moto E . Its in Service centre from 3 weeks . Now nobody bothers to Get back to customer neither motorola nor flipkart
People complaining about this being a waste of money. Firstly the price was high at the time of launch. That is the case with every new product. Now it has been priced reasonably.
best best best ......i bought 5 times lumia mobile phone. always best....................................................................
i have been using this phone for 8 months now and all I can say is that Wind**s phone 8.1 is finished. The phone is slow, getting stuck all the time and I am surprised by all the positive reviews.Its sad that a big company like M***soft cannot manage to build a good basic phone software.............sad!! My verdict........Run away from this phone...........Its not worth the money
good phone.. very user friendly.. nyc looking.. windows updated version. 8.1. internal memory huge.. all over good phone..
the lumia 520 is really a good smartphone for the price 6000 it even competes against various rivals like samsung,asus,moto. pros: +it's touch sensitivity is very good like a highend phone. +nokia's lens are even great at this phone.it says it's 5mp but it's really like a 13mp. +very fast and never noticed any lagness. +all the apps are very secure and all the great apps are available and are arranged perfectly unlike google play store which has waste and unauthorised apps. + and, it's design is very compact and beautiful. if anyone is looking for a best phone at 6k this will be the one to go.....
I think Nokia is Best Manufacturer ever.one of best mobile of nokia is Lumia 520. One Defect is only Flashlight. Lumia 520 not have a flashlight
I have purchased it for my father.. and really its amazing.. Easy to use and having Nokia Navigation facility... I liked it very much.. even power backup also quite impressive..
I go the phone on the Big Billion Day for a very good offer and I am satisfied with its performance. I have been using it for one month and I have dropped it one time. It did not sustain any damage. The phone satisfies all your basic needs of a phone quite superbly. The windows 8.1 tiles are good and the the resolution is very good. Cons: Not many apps in the store
The only problem i found out is that the phone does not have a voice recorder and the items in the sd card can only be opened by downloading 'files' from the store....
Frequentely hanged during playing game.Sudden switch off two times within 2 days of buying,battery backup is low.
Hi, I have ordered this phone from flipkart and ask for gift wrap along with the Birthday wish message on gift. But packing was not of the expected quality and most important no message on the gift... I am not satisfied with the packaging by flipkart, other wise service was excellent. Regards, Dipak
Best phone under 7000, Amazing Product, Flipkart is the best Online shopping..........................................
.ONE OF THE GOOD MOBILE.ONE OF THE GOOD MOBILE.ONE OF THE GOOD MOBILE.ONE OF THE GOOD MOBILE.ONE OF THE GOOD MOBILE.ONE OF THE GOOD MOBILE
I bought this mobile 2days back. Exlent features. Pros: Camera 5.0 MP Battery Backup Games Video recording (Full HD) Stylish Design
I bought this product from a local retailer 3 weeks ago , this phone is awesome. cons: 8 gb Internal 1.0Ghz Dual core, great hardware pons:no flash , 512 mb RAM which is OK but high games cannot be played
The phone is working fine even after 6 months. But, there are few problems with this phone. U cannot send a pdf file via bluetooth to other phone or to the laptop. U can not attach word file in ur mail. U need to selct the file and select share option to mail someone, becomes tricky sometimes if we want to reply the mail in our inbox with the file. U cannot mail the pdf file, all u can do is via acrobat.com. I find this feature unsuitable for me. Rest is fine. My first smart phone so I like it. Still using. Battery is good still. I don't play games , so not sure about that.
I have been using this for the last 3 weeks. It has been working fine without any issues. feeling good to have this phone. great job nokia. thanks to flipkart for doing this service. i am really thanks to this online shopping it is common to everyone and there will not be any price negotiation for the known and the unknown people.
Nokia Lumia 520 is best phone ever since my second this phone i love windows 8.1 with new update best smart and mid range phone only one think flipkart this time late delivery
It's good but net on conditions cell cme's small heating.. Not bad... good devli.. flipkart is good...
Asphalt 8: Airborne works like a charm,, camera quality awesome,,, sound quality is also good( Atleast better than high-end samsung phones and micromax)
This product was really nice..but camera is not clarity...Nokia lumia 520 mobile use ekkuva chyna valaki better young people ki ithe waste.
I dont have words to say, this phone is awesome value of money is redefined windows 8.1 internet exploder 10 512 ram picture clarity etc all are awesome
CANNOT DOWNLOAD SONGS, LESS APPLICATIONS, PHONE HANGS SOME TIMES, ALSO THERE IS A PROBLEM WITH CALLING SOME BDY ALSO, IF U START SPEAKING FOR JUST 20MINS WITH UR FRIENDS THE PHONE HEATS, I WOULD SAY ITS NOT @ ALL A WORTH, PLEASE GO WITH ANDROIDS
Lumia 520, very good budget phone. Charge lasts 16 hours in moderate use but if play games charge will be drain very fast.
This phone is really very nice with windows 8.1, very fast, mostly all applications are available, good looks & hard body... over all its good phone. only front camera is not given but windows 8.1 Nokia gives awesome camera which is having number of options & also gives basic camera, and most impotent its very easy to use, if you have not too much expectation with prize then i must say you will get it more beyond the expectations & yes its product of Nokia brand so you can trust.. flipkart did really great job i get this phone in two day very fast, & good service.
SUCH A LOW PRICE IT'S ACTUAL COST IS 11280 WHICH WE ARE GETIING ONLY FOR 5999 I SUGGEST YOU TO GO FOR IT
This is really an amazing phone with the best of features with such a price tag. I had gifted this phone to my mother as a Diwali gift, and she was more than happy. Her smile was as bright as the peppy yellow color of the phone. To be frank, we are a Nokia family. I have a Lumia 1320, my brother a Lumia 720 and now my mother 520 :) I would highly recommend this phone to anyone,who wants a phone under 8k. (Y) . Additionally, I got this phone for 5999/- . Real value for money :) :)
Thanks to flipkart for your great Big million deal...!!! Bought this phone for 4999 in that deal. Actually I planed this phone for my cousine brother as a gift. Build quality of the phone is feels good..I always feels good as considering the option for this price. Camera quality, Microphone sound, Touch Sensitive all the good. Adding more apps like Play store in Store will help ful my cousine brother to enjoy the phone more. Thank you Flipkart once again for your great deal. Expecting such kind of worthy deals in future too..
good phone, once u use it u love it * not for those who haven't a pc, totally depends on it for entertainment, bulk browsing, gamming * for simple uses, whatsapp, fb and some browsing * lags some time, but can't aspect more in this price * screen is tft lcd which is highly prone to broken after simple fall other features ok ok******* android lovers stay far this can'tfulfill ur need
Very good product. Durable design, stylish look, and with excellent features. Enjoying windows operating system.
First of all "Nokia Lumia 520" is an awesome product....Much Much better than other android counter parts that too in low budget. Windows platform is also a good one. On top of that Flipkart delivery process is highly appreciable... received product just within two days......Simply Great !!!!!!!!
good phone but battery drains very fast, But it is a value for money phone Some games do not run properly but still this hangs sometimes delivered 2 days early by flipkart. bought it on big billion day
inter net very slow and total waste mobile is not good its bad speaker is bad for this mobile video is total waste
Design Like all recent Nokia handsets there's a lot of colour in the Nokia Lumia 520. It shares the look of other Lumia devices, with a single piece of smooth plastic covering the back and sides of the phone. That shell is available in black or white, but the bright shades of yellow, blue and red on offer will appeal if you like it loud. If nothing else, it makes Nokia handsets stand out from the crowd. Regardless of the colour, it's quite a nice looking phone in other ways, with an angular, rectangular design more in line with the higher end Nokia Lumia 920 than the curved edges of its closest relations - the Nokia Lumia 620 and 625. Screen The display on the Nokia Lumia 520 is a little bit bigger than on the Lumia 620. It is four inches across, which is quite generous for a phone priced this low. As well as being a shade larger than its more expensive brother, it’s also larger than the Samsung Galaxy Ace 2’s screen and Sony Xperia E’s display. And both of those tend to cost more. However, it’s pretty basic in a number of different ways. Its viewing angles are fine, but the display quality is otherwise limited. There’s a reddish tint to the display, ensuring colour accuracy is average and the lack of any sort of reflection-battling layer reduces the impression of contrast. This means that the Lumia 520 a bit of a pain to use outdoors in sunlight — it's seriously reflective Pros Top performance for price Neat design Excellent value Cons Highly reflective screen No camera flash Misses a few hardware features Rubbish physical shutter button
Lumia is always on the top fr the windows operating system and adding up to this i got the phone fr a pretty gud price !!
I GOT THIS PHONE WAS PREETY EXCITED AND IT DID FULFIL MY WISHES. NO PROBLEM WITH GAMES,RUNS SMOOTHLY.AS ALWAYS NOKIA CAMERA IS ALWAYS THE BEST.I RECCOMEND MY EVERY FREIND TO BUY THIS.. RUNS SUPERFAST . THE BEST PHONE UNDER 7K.I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
Got a good service. I saw lumia 520 in hands of my cousin. By watching it i got attracted to it and thought of buying it. I searched many shops and websites for this piece. At last i found it in flipkart with best and cheap price than others. Happy with your service. keep going on.....
The product heats up really fast nd its too much...worst thing....brought it on big billion day...not satisfied with the camera quality also...it seems my cell only had the problem....
It is the best phone you can get in that budget but you can always look out for Lumia 630! Lumia 520 or 630 is your call! :)
I ordered Nokia Lumia 520 from flipkart and it got delivered within 15 hours of order . Thank you very much for such a good service. Previous to Nokia i had used Samsung Galaxy S2 and S3 for almost 3 years.I was really confused whether to switch to Windows phone or not because lot of people told me that app support is not good and there are some problems with the existing apps but i thought to gave it a try and i am happy that i selected nokia over samsung. Frankly telling you will get all the apps required for your day to day work. Phone camera and sound quality is really good. First of all people think that there is no FM in the phone but there is a FM app built-in into the phone for the FM. Support for App is also good but if you are die hard fan of apps then you might not like it but overall all the necessary apps you can find in nokia app store. Phone is very light weighted as compare to samsung S3 and Samsung Grand. It looks even better then S3. 512 MB Ram is sufficient for your work. Most popular apps like FB, Whatsapp,hike, Gmail, Youtube all are available. Call quality is also very nice .So overall i love my new phone. Only thing which i found is that camera flash is not available but its fine. I will recommend this phone if you are not going for the Android and you budget is around 7k then believe me this phone is the best phone.
Quite a useful, fast, stylish and attractive phone for basic usage. Windows 8.1 lack some features that can be relished on iOS and Android, but quite a good product.
Buy this phone which is better than android and can give battery back up than android phones. Windows is easier to use than android. I recommend u guys also buy this phone
The Worst Phone I have Ever Seen.The Big Mistake I Made By Purchasing This Mobile.Dont Go For It......................
i think lumia 520 is awsm world no 1 phone i love it........ my favarite phone nokia lu,ia 52.. i buy this phone twice
I had bought this mobile last year. I am very much satisfied with the product. Thanks to flipkart for on time delivery. As a known thing Nokia mobiles gives good battery back up, i am getting 3 days back up with normal usage. Pros: Good battery backup. Sensitive touch. well built with quality material. Nice windows experience. Cons: Sometimes mobile gets slow. screen wont lock while on the call.
We have lately realized that the battery of the phone that was delivered is very weak and now the phone is not functioning without a charger plugged in. Initially we thought it was problem with us but lately it is the phone problem and unfortunately the return period is over. I did not expect this from the seller and we deeply regret now that I bought the phone online.
very cool windows phone. if update it regularly... working very smoothly. satisfied with this phone..
I got the phone on Big Billion Day offer. Problem is in the screen. There is some light leak issue on the top border of the screen which is visible from a certain angle. Other than that the product is good. Also comes with windows 8.1 pre installed.
Well, got it from flipkart in 2 days. So WS seller, rocks( the seller from whom i purchased). And i am really satisfied with how the phone is. Battery is good. Camera is good. Touch is good. Sound is good. You don't get a better phone for 5k.( yea i got this phone on the big billion day sale so, its 6k now)But the phone stands out. even better than Lumia 530. but if u see the cons then u could only say one wishes it had dual camera or atleast a flash. (you know for selfies;) ) The Nokia Lumia 520 cuts all the fat off Nokia’s more expensive Windows Phone 8 Lumia phones to bring the slick Windows experience to budget buyers. There are missing features, but most aren’t missed. This is a fab budget phone. JUST 8/10.
Beautiful operating system complimented by good build quality. Its been more than 5 months since i bought this phone and there has never been any problem when it comes to performance till date. A very happy customer .
Best phone you can get at this price. Camera is excellent and Windows OS is smooth. Bundled Apps provided by Microsoft are really good.
been using for a year and a half nearly. less specs than corresponding android phones but better performance due to windows phone os on the other hand. camera is good with 5mp sensor and good low light image quality. extremely good built quality.
i brought nokia lumia bigbillion day..and i recive all ready used mobile.what can i do further 520 is great mobi but i recive 2nd hand phone
its one one of the best phone has to get....though it has some flaws,its a good piece of work from nokia.... i thought to rating it as 3 stars because of the late delivery after 10 days of ordering....but i was impressed by this phone and cant me from rating it as 5 stars....thumbs up!!!!!
No issues for last 6 months. Works well without hanging. No front camera. Limited windows apps compared with android. Good buy. Price is very good. Definitely recommended.
I'm writing this review after one year of usage of this product. I bought the phone from flipkart on October 2013. I'm still using it without facing any issues. This is a professional phone and solves all your needs perfectly. I'm happy and contented with this mobile.
This is not a good experience. My phone is hanging after 5 days of delivery. While my other friends using the same phone it is good enough and it didnt hang even once in the their 8 months of purchase. Feeling terrible.
been using it for a few days and its really awesome... 1000 times better OS than Android, no unnecessary and useless apps like android phones, most importantly has a great look...
at a sub 8k this is a fantastic phone. I have used android iOS phones as well and needless to say apples are always overpriced whether you buy from a fruit shop or Apple Store. And sub 10k androids have this dirty habit of regularly crashing on you. No such problem with the ku,is 520. All the necessary apps are there in the App Store. And if you just want a good budget smartphone with good battery backup and Nokia service guarantee then this one is definitely the choice. Couple that with flip kart discount prices and you have a steal deal.
Excellent low budget Windows Phone 8.1 Microsoft camera Excellent Camera - 4.5/5 Performance - 4.5/5 Design - 4.5/5 Call quality - 5/5 Battery - 4.1/5 Overall Excellent low budget windows phone8.1 and you can go for it..
today just got my product at very low price....and it works good.. thank you flipkart and team
As Usual Lumia is superb! Camera, sound, performance all are good & better then others in same price.
Its a nice phone from Nokia.I rate it better than all the androids i have owned so far.As Droid's tend to loose steam over a span of time
It is nice phone for its price. I got it @5599 at big billion day afternoon which was Rs600 higher that its price on the same day morning. But still I think for this price also it is a nice phone. Screen is also quite impressive. It comes with 8 GB internal memory which is already nearly 4 GB exhausted due to its OS.Camera, sound and other features are really nice. I still remember I bought my old Nokia 3230 @ 8400 nearly end of 2006. So, when I see such a beautiful featured phone I get much lower price I find great. It is really a nice bargain in the context modern handset competitions. Those who says it misses this and that, they forget you can get a better phone(other brands) but you have to pay Rs3000 or much more for that. I am using last couple of days and quite impressed. Specially I loved its camera which does autofocus at this price. In moderate light it is reasonably good. If you need a very good low light performance then go for DSLR or much higher range phone.
A little lagging moving between apps otherwise it is worth the price and specifications. The camera clarity is very good.
You get good value for the money you ve paid for this phone....512 mb RAM is a concern but windows phones unlike RAM consuming Android OS are RAM efficient they will utilize a max of 380MB out of 512MB..so no probs...Excellent Camera....Best Mobile in the 6-7K INR Range
Flawless.... Upgradeable to windows 8.1. No lags with 8.1 update. You can use Cortana on Lumia 8.1, Just change your location to U.S.A and preferred language to US english and restart!
I ordered the product on BBD and got the product for 4999 also in 1 day delivery.Uncompetitive product to hands on.
Got the phone in good condition and the phone looks very good, will post a detailed review after couple of days. Thanks Flipkart, this is the first purchase with Flipkart and was delighted. I was happy with the earlier purchase from Flipkart and WS Retailer, ordered two more Lumia Black today for My MOM and Wife. Assuming I get the same experience.
Bought this phone for my mom on the Big Billion Day sale (Some buisness people complain that because of flipkart, they are not getting business and stuff, I just wanted to say screw them. If not for flipkart, I wouldn't be able to get this phone for such a great price. Thanks to flipkart) -> Lumia 520 has about 512MB RAM which is sufficient for daily use (not for gaming). -> Memory management in Windows phones is way better than android. -> Comparing Lumia 520 with the higher end galaxy series, if you press the home/menu button in both, you would surprisingly find the lumia responds faster. -> The only slight problem is when you initially open an app in windows devices, it would take a few seconds more than android devices. This is not applicable for only some apps. -> When an app is running in the background, switching to background apps is faster in windows phones. Thanks a ton! I must say, this phone is truly value for money, my mom is very happy with the phone. :D
Great Camera Great Features Value For The Money I Like This Mobile
Excellent touch and a pretty good camera performance for a 5M. owever too many unwanted windows apps. android interface is much more better than windows.
I bought the product on the Flipkart's Billion Day. It was supposed to be delivered within two weeks, but got the product within one week. Have used for the past two days and I'm very satisfied with the product. At this price range, I don't have anything to complain about :) Thank you Flipkart. Hope my Nokia Lumia last until I get enough money to get another phone.
i bought this mobile it is awesome nice touch experience super camera and all features are super and no phone can beat this phone compared to 720 it is better
SEE THIS was a very good phone but now a days NOKIA LUMIA 630 is available which is better than this you all should go and compare it on local stores.
plus points : UI 2.Wifi & app run fast 3.all useful APP available 4.Security 5.Windows office Minus point 1.No front camera 2.NO Inbuitt File management option
Nokia Lumia 520 is a good mid range mobile with great performance and Stylist look. No issue of hanging and very good battery life. It's just Awesome.
what i liked the most in this phone is the nice soft touch. decent battery and looks bigger then a 4" screen. back cover is little to open but apart from that its doing good so far. Battery is average as in all other phones. But experience is different then an android phone.... its a good buy ... but i would say if windows phone is not your priority then you can think on AndriodOne and Redmi 1S also.
I ordered this Phone on Big Billion Day. It was around 5599 Flipkart Delivered it on 11 Oct (Not a Big Deal) About the Phone 1) Great Sound Quality 2) Camera Quality is Superb since it is 5megapixel you can Capture or record anything in HD (720p)Since it has no flash option available in it still its best in it range... 3) Super touch the touch sensitivity is so Cool that it can also be operated by Gloves. 4) It has 512 mb ram which is more than enough to run this phone on top.. 5) The phone runs on a 1GHZ Dual core processor which really makes it the best phone.. 6) Stylish look The phone just looks stylish and its body is perfectly designed for your hands.. Over all This Phone is Just Perfect So Those who are looking to Buy this Phone this will be your best choice... :D
I have been using Lumia 520 for the past 1 and half year and i really feel satisfied that i have hit the perfect phone i required. 1) First and foremost is the price offered, which does not melt your wallet 2) Screen size: Phone screen is neither so big forcing you to use both your hands nor so small giving trouble in reading E-Books. It fits perfectly in pockets 3) Apps provided : All apps provided by the store are really useful ones compared to all crap free apps provided by android 4) Profession touch: You will definitely feel a stature when you use Windows OS compared to Gaudy looks given by android phones 5) FM Radio is available in Windows phone 8.1 6) No NFC and Magnetometer : Please note that these are useless gadgets which i guarantee that you will never use after one or two weeks. Offline maps are highly user friendly which you can use with GPS itself 7) No Front camera : I don not make a lot of Video Calls and do not take selfies often. So i did not bother 8) Rich Display : You play HD videos or movies in the phone, you can never give a comment on display 9) Video rec : Nokia stand by their words and Video rec is of superb quality in HD Since the time i bought this phone, i use my laptop very less frequently cos the phone gives you almost everything you want.
works perfect till now..... great battery backup no lag and smooth smart experience Cons. no dual sim otherwise excellent for an windows phone in this RANGE (I got it for just Rs.4999) Thanks to Flipkart for the perfect delivery in perfect time Trust me its worth a buy
I bought this for 7000 from Flipkart and have been using this phone for more than 3 months. I am overall satisfied with the performance of the phone. Camera quality is not that great, but acceptable. Call and display quality is really good. Touch is very responsive The only con for me in this phone is that there is no front camera. Otherwise Its a great phone.
I've been using this phone for more than a year now & simply put, the experience was about flawless perfection! The Lumia 520 is one of the best (if not THE BEST) phones in this price range & one of its only competitors is Moto E. You get a super-sensitive 4'' touchscreen which is much better than that of the Lumia 620, & all the games I've ever played on it (inc. Temple Run, etc.) have run smoothly. 8GB of internal storage, which can be easily expanded by using a memory card, is more than enough to store tonnes of apps, videos & much more! Battery backup is good and sound quality is excellent! The only imp. thing lacking is a flash, which is partially made up for by the brightening & sharpening tools that come standard on all Lumias. With a good flip-cover, the phone gives u a much more premium feel than expected at this price point. It is surely one of the best picks under 10k!
Excellent product. Prompt delivery by flipkart. Price is competitive. Worth buy. Doing wonderful service to customers.
easy interface, nice look, easily customizable, back cover fitting mechanism could have been better. overall nice phone.
I'm buying this item twice and its nice to have another one....... specially at the price you are buying and the updated windows 8.1 along with cortana .
Got Phone for 5K on Big Billion day. Nice Phone for the Price!! Already have it, bought it again as a gift. Thanks Flipkart!!
I ORDERED IT AND GOT THE DELIVERY WITHIN 5 DAYS......PHONE PERFORMANCE IS SUPERB(IN THIS PRICE RANGE).......PRE INSTALLED WINDOWS 8.1 WITHIN THIS......ALL USEFUL APPS CAN BE INSTALLED EASILY....GPS IS SUPERB.....UPDATED TO HERE DRIVE ......IN A WORD JUST AWOSOME........
Super smooth touch, hardened glass and super sexy windows 8.1. I vouch for this device and would recommend to everyone. Another masterpiece from the Finnish company.
I ordered it on The Big Billion day just for 5k and got it today before expected date of delivery,The only problem i found is it needs a micro sim but the camera and quality of the phone is awesome!
this phone is awesome. you can play approx 1.3 GB game (like asphalt 8, fifa 14, fifa 15) and chat on whatsapp by minimizing it simultaneously. scratch resistant glass is the best thing. another thing is that you can extend the warranty for one more years by just paying rupees. 525. very fast phone.
nice product.. color quality is awesome.....love this phone....touch is very smooth.... I bought this for my sister in law...she is very happy after getting this... ...
This was my 2nd order from flipkart, and as always delivery was bang on time ( within 2 days ). Not impressed by the flipkart packing though but inside the original box was intact.
I'm just loving it. and thanxx to flipkart to given that offer, really feeling proud to be a member of flipkart family. its awesome.
For the first time users switching from android to a low budget windows phone this Lumia 520 is a bliss!!! Had an awesome experience especially surfing the inernet. Camera is a decent 5MP with a lot of options. Call quality and Speaker quality is also pretty good. Since, Ram is only 512 MB some games like temple run and asphalt 8 cannot be downloaded. I downloaded asphalt overdrive for a test and it worked smoothly without any lags and issues. Battery is not that powerful. For a regular use, gotta charge twice a day. Under heavy use it drains pretty quickly! Thumbs up To Flipkart for superfast delivery!!
value for money. does not hang like samsung at same price. nokia hardware quality is anyday better then others
I cannot begin describing how annoyed i am with this phone and windows os platform in particular. I never imagined it would be so hard to do primitive tasks in this phone, let alone advanced ones. buy only if you chat/call and thats it Here goes the highlights!!! 1. the phone hangs frequently ones you hang up the calls 2. i cannot set the data connection to 3g only mode. this is super annoying as there could be one or 2 bars left on 3g where phone auto switches to 2g 3. cannot USB tether, WHAT!!!! 4. windows app store is a desert. you desperately search for water and you won't get any. the piece of shit of apps it is filled with, oh my god, and microsoft is happy to say its apps have crossed 300000 mark....WOW! 5. pathetic battery life on medium brightness and 3g on for some time 6. IE sucked on desktop, and guess what, it sucks on mobile too and to top it all, it is still the best browser of the lot! (other browsers like maxthon, ucbrowser don't even have proper accessible address bars) 7. 512 MB ram is not sufficient for even subway surfer which makes it a below par gaming device. asphalt 8 on this device looks awful (downgraded graphics), the 95 DOOM has better graphics 8. cannot install standalone apps (forget about the pathetic 2 apps for dev unlocked) 9. does not have slider in the music and video apps, i mean what the hell were they thinking???? I am actually a lot calm now, since I ordered a NEXUS 4 to get rid of this piece of garbage, so I leave it at that
1. never buy this phone 2. my older nokia asha 300 had a 1gb ram and this crap has only 512mb ram. 3. the phone is slow and has the lag of old PC's. 4. restarts multiple times when using heavily. 5. multitasking is a headache it keeps loading even when your shifting from whatsapp to fb. 6. heats up often. 7. very bad battery life.. 8. phone switches off in between. 9. somedays when the batt is at 70% at night next morning the phone switchesoff to 0%. I Mean what was nokia thinking making this phone???
I bought this phone when I was on a budget and wanted to try Windows Phone, for a change from Android. I am quite disappointed with the OS but its not bad for first time smartphone users. Pros 1) Sturdy built 2) INSANE battery life. Lasts me 14 hours with data/wifi. 3) Looks nice! 4) The touch is good and phone doesnt lag much Cons 1) Windows Phone just SUCKS, partly because there aren't enough apps to match up. Its an immature OS compared to android. I'll give you certain examples of things I cannot do on this phone running WP 8.1 1) Play .mkv videos 2) So I cannot share my location on google maps with my family (no google apps) 3) I can't attach a file other than a picture on gmail etc etc. Very pathetic to be quite honest. (no google apps) Though the interface isn't bad. Its OK for first time smartphone users.
Its been 1year+ that i am having it. Earlier it was not so good but after the new Amber & Black updates it works well,atleast you need not worry about the virus troubles which is most likely with android. Touch is Ok. Sound is not much louder as compared to Samsung. In this price range best product to buy.
Good phone if you don't want to use Android or iOS, and want a break. Good camera. This phone comes with 512 MB of RAM which is not good enough once you have a few apps installed. Many a times, apps don't start. Sometimes, apps keep "resuming..", and Windows takes you back to the main screen - some credit to Windows there. If it was your desktop/ laptop, then you'd have to kill the process using Task Manager. Note that there is no "Task Manager" in the phone which seems like a very essential function for such a low-spec smart-phone phone. Pros: 1. Good camera 2. Doesn't lose data connectivity after you travel in an elevator - this *feature* is a Samsung exclusive 3. Decent features to manage phone settings Cons: 1. Low RAM 2. Re-starts once in a while 3. Slow Processor 4. Very few Apps 5. No Task Manager 6. Phone has Ghosts - Every once in a while if the phone is not locked, it starts opening apps and trying out features *without any human input*. Sometimes it tries to send e-mails as well - even without viruses/ malware. Request Windows to remove these ghosts, or atleast wait till some malware is installed for these *features* to be activated.
I bought this phone 6 months ago, Overall i m happy with the phone. very stylish and attractive. Pros - Display clarity, stylish look,Windows OS, Xbox, battery life, superb cam 5 MP Cons Initially no separate volume adjustment for app and ringer. -- Update 8.1 enabled it now! some wifi network not connect, also no static ip provision. it does not connect some corporate networks. Hope microsoft will look in to it soon.
Lumia 520 is good for basic daily use. Features are as good as all expensive phones available. Flipkart service was also good. Got delivery in 2 days. Phone was box packed with Nokia original sticker.
Pros - 1. Good display 2. Faster response 3. Lots of App for Windows 8 4. Playing game like temple run is good experience 5. Camera is good Cons 1. No flash 2. Sound is low 3. Battery backup is little low
This is one of the best entry level smart phone with very good built quality. Pros: ->Solid quality ->Handy ->Very good battery backup Cons: ->Camera quality is not the best ->Windows OS may be some difficulty working with email attachments. ->Not able to enjoy Android apps Overall it's a good entry level phone in this range. I have bough it long back and till now I am not facing even a single issue.
It's always better to review a product Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and the cons of the product.you have personally experienced.
I am using it since a week.. Although it has 512 mb ram there is no lag in performance. The best part of it is 1> Nokia camera (Best as usual) 2> Mixed Radio (Compressed songs take low data download and low space in SD card) 3> Express Browser (Due to data sense technology very fast in 2G) 4> Upgradation to Windows 8.1 5> Due to Windows OS battery backup is quite good (1 day of heavy usage and 1.5 to 2 day of moderate usage) 6> Here Map (Offline facility) I am only missing the WiFi direct facility in Windows phone, hope Microsoft will update it later..
I bought this product from flipkart. Best phone in this budget. Overall its very good product. flipkart is very fast.
Hello Folks, I strongly recommend not to buy this phone if you did not using internet in your mobile because for everything you need internet for this mobile. Video file transfer facility is not available which is worst. Unable to delete videos as well. I see many members complaining about power button. I also faced the same, Mobile did not switch on. Please go for some other mobile. Good Luck!!.
I have been a user of Nokia Lumia 520 for about 10 months now. It was a good phone for the cost despite the issues one has with a windows phone and Nokia's attempts at trying to make one register with them for downloading any software. It began like an occasional itch. the screen would jump multiple times and move out from the page you are viewing to the home page. It happened like this for months before the next stage of disease finally made by phone pretty much unusable yesterday. The capacitive touch screen has begun to malfunction in all earnest and now got worse in a period of two day. So much so that I am unable to use any app such as whatsapp. Yesterday I had enabled the security code for opening the phone. This morning, I coudn't open the phone for a good while as the right buttons couldn't be pressed. Luckily the malfunction stopped after a while and I opened it. But it was not the severity of malfunction that had ceased but the location. It came back to pressing the windows button on its own....and that;s how it's behaving since 2 days. the windows button ie home page keeps pressing itself and the phone vibrates like a man undergoing paralytic fits. I am in a remote corner of the country right now the nearest service centre is about 200 km away in Jamnagar. Its my good luck that I have the papers and the box (mandatory to claim guarantee, so says the flipkart receipt). I hope the company addresses my problem and changes the screen without ado.
I've been using this phone for about 3 months now and im quite impressed. If ur not someone who is obsessed with android or apple, this phone is the general use phone for you. PROS: - Good battery life..lasts over a day with moderate use. - Great camera quality.(better than micromax's 8MP camera) - Elegant looks. CONS: - No notifications bar which we are used to. (however u may upgrade to windows 8.1) - no multi selection of messages. - Android is actually better.Windows is still maturing. I'd like to recommend to upgrade to windows 8.1 as it enhances the usability.
1. Poor AppStore 2. Cheap plastic case. The Volume rocker stopped working 3. Issues with the power button after 6 months of moderate use
Many people are sceptical about windows phone. However, I have been using windows phone since 2012. This is my second windows phone and I must say they are way better than Android or iSheep. Touchscreen is great, volume is fantastic, clarity is great during phone calls, music is fantastic and the best is turn-turn navigation in here map. I keep the language in my mother tongue, which is nice. Now, they have introduced swipe, it is easier to type. Calendar is absolutely fun to use and syncs well with google. The only problem is the battery life, if you use wifi or maps or mobile data all the time. Else, it lasts for more than a day. I have used just music (no wifi or map or mobile data) for 8 hours and lost just 10% of the battery. People complain about apps but windows has all the apps I wanted (more than 50 I use). Overall, it is a good buy below 10K.
in 7000-8000 this one the one of best window phn.no laging nothig works smoothly,am happy with this produt , also thanks to flipkart for delivery in one day only
THE PRODUCT IS GOOOD FOR THE MONEY WE GAVE ... BUT YOU SHOULD GO FOR 530 OR SO ... I USED LUMIA 520 FOR AROUND 6 MONTHS .. SOME TIMES IT USE TO GET HANG AND ALL THOSE THINGS ... BUT I WAS SATISFIED WITH THE OVER ALL PERFORMACE OF THE PRODUCT.... AND WINDOWS USE TO HAVE VERY GOOD AND USER FRIENDLY APPLICATION... I LOVED THE IRCTC APPLICATION IN WINDOWS (ONE OF THE BEST EVER SEEN AND WAS VERY USEFUL).... ANDROID DOESNT HAVE SUCH AN APPLICATION FOR IRCTC TILL NOW
it provides a 512mb ram and never hangs ,if u have a decent useful apps.the durabillity is too good! and delivery was done with the given time!
nice and easy to use for the person who is savvy. i think the youth of today also go for it.. operating system,features, looks ..all great
Very good smart phone at price less than 10K. Flipkart delivered this product within 2 days from booking date.
I bought this phone in march 2014. Till now I did not face any major issues. I am using it for gaming,browsing, WhatsApp and calls(not more than a hour per day). Battery charge is staying for one whole day if I use all these above. If no internet is used, approximately 2-3 days. Good phone to buy. Nokia is Nokia always. Also very good service done by Flipkart..
Nokia Lumia : Expected to be a good cell phone..But just before one year, the battery of the phone is getting bigger in size and as a result of it the screen of the phone is coming outside. I am sacred while using this phone as I feel that it can get burst any time. Unsatisfied. More over to this there is no option available to post photos on the Nokia page.
I had bought this phone an year back.My first few months had been bad.But after 3 updates(amber,Black and 8.1) this phone can be viewed on par with an android phone. The only con of Windows phone 8.1 is the number of apps compared to android which I hope will get better slowly.They have added File Manager,Live Lock Screen,Background for start screen,Folders(8.1 update 1) and many more features. The best thing about windows phone is that you are going to get OS updates every 3-4 months and you can get some new features as soon as they are released for developers(if you sign up for preview for developers) Operating System-4/5(Still can get better and will get better) Apps-2.5/5(no proper app for viewing .mkv file not available and many more apps) Camera-4-5 Sound Quality-5/5 Design and UI-5/5 For General Users-I would recommend this phone hands down(5/5) For Tech Savvy Users-An year back I wouldnt have recommended this windows phone to you but now Windows Phone is good enough(4/5)
I am not first one to say this but its best buy at this prise. camera, speed ,display, os everything gud.
Its a windows operating phone need little bit smartness to use it...its not as user friendly as android one's are...but I am satisfied...
This product is really great one from Nokia. User inter phase is excellent. Beat best part of this phone is its display. Very nice experience due to to its very high resolution display. Dual core processor makes its very smooth in operation and even running games lime Temple run. Only problem is in downloading, if screen gets locked, downloading also stops. So downloading in background is not possible. But overall its quite worth in this price range. In short I can say it is the best pick in budget level smart phone.
after 10 months the phone started giving problem had to reformat twice within 10 days time. not expected such problems from nokia.
i've been using this phone for 6 months now.. great phone ... especially after upgrading to windows 8.1 ... very smooth UI .. what i love most about this phone is the design of this phone.. simple yet attracting... Even if there are phones in this range with much better specs.. but windows phones are the best when you get used to it.. in one word.. reliable!!
Nokia Lumia 520 is great in terms of Display Touch - Superb Windows [now upgraded to 8.1] its has very clean interface and doesn't feel chaotic. Smooth functioning Camera quality Value for money Cons - No flash No equaliser [this is most basic need for any music listener on phone, and even Nokia feature phones have it] Less apps compared android [actually not a problem for me] But leaving apart these negative points Lumia 520 gives a great user experience at reasonable price. These days nokia is making different lumia phones with different features but having some inadequacies, and lumia 520 stands out as a well designed product. Hope similar products come from Nokia in future.
Dont buy it. Worst Product. Battery drain within 24 hours even not using mobile and it occupies the more cache files and we cannot clean also. You better go for Andrioid, Windows mobile has to improve lot. I purchased in Flipkart and sold it after 3 months with 3k loss..
I purchased this phone months back, and having just no issues with this one. The speed is very good. Hardly hangs up in a month or two. Apps and heavy games runs like a charm. Camera is just as always very good. Regular updates from microsoft makes it more worth buying. Windows store has almost all needed apps on any other store. Display is very good and sensitive. Have many features which else come in costly mobiles of good brands. A new experience if you are using Android/iphone -- Its different. I'm Loving It :)
Nice handset from NOKIA,I was in doubt about windows phone after using android..but this is really nice.and i just love it.
FLIPKART is the best anyway...but not this phone ME: 18 yrs old....middle class guy...new clg....so bought ths first smart phone PROS: It never hangs ..520mb ram works gud ...So what anyway .. CONS: Windws Security is tooo good .that it wont allow u to hav any piracy apps!! How pity!!!....but in android u can do it one or other way.....dont be so inspired with that tiles in windws that is bullshit 1) 1,352,223 apps for andriod, a 2lakhs apps for windws 2) If any NEW app or game comes to store....free for Android ,but paid in windws...ask ur frnds.this is god damn true...nevertheless to say windws released SUBWAYSURFERS 4 months ago..where in android ..2 years ago.. 3) It never hangs ..but lags when changing to other tabs..there is difference SOLUTION: ***Gather atleast 11 to 13k RS/_****(itz just 2000rs more or else u'll regret like anything later..reallyyy) and go for Android..At dis cost u,ll get front camera+8megapixl primary camera + dual sim(most important)+able to get some paid apps free (really)(not in windws)+wifi (common any way)+also nokia apps(who wants it anyway!!)+also some 18+ apps ;) (never ever think in windws)+many pdf apps(document editable) Ok dont go for lumia 620 ..just for front cam and flash... it sucks than 520..my friend had it..also he destroyed it within days due to irritation. Still dont trust me ,fine go on !!! wat all u can do is" Scrolling those windows tiles UP and DOWN" and change their color!! thats it
I bought this phone few months ago . IThe nokia 520 series phone has rebooting issues.Its so irritating, it reboots on its own. While talking on the phone , phone turns off. I have 2 of my frns who has same phone , even they have same issue. Cons: * Phone reboots very often .thrice or 4 times a day * cant watsapp the songs or check it. *cant view videos via watsapp if size is more , if even the minimum size isnt supported. It takes verylong time to open even 1.3 mb video Pros: Look is good , apps are great .
We all are aware that Nokia has always been known for their build quality, durability, and service factor.. And with Lumia 520, they have kept their legacy alive. Honestly, I've been using this phone from almost an year and, touchwood, I hadn't had to move even once to their service centers in any case. Till a day earlier, I didnt even cared to know where their service center is in my hometown. But have been there to get 520 upgraded to Windows 8.1. So, Didn't find any problems with my phone through out the year, what more do yu expect? An year long use and you do not face a single problem with your device, isn't it something that makes a device worth-buy? Yes, it does. And Lumia 520, honestly, is a worth-buy phone within this range. Camera works superfine even in Dim-light. Touch haven't got any flaws. Same goes with performance, doesn't lag. Sound output is Good enough. (Headphones haven't got any strength, though) Almost all the needful applications works really fine. Only Con I faced was high end gaming problems. If yu aren't a gaming fan, that wouldn't be a problem. As it is not for me. But with 512 MB RAM, that is understood that it would not support total high end games (Haven't tried after upgrade, but do not think that would make a difference) So overall, its a highly recommended phone under 10k price range. Planning to get a basic windows phone? Do not think anymore, just go for it. Its cent-percent worth buy!
its a very nice product.. all thanks to NOKIA for such a product.. its better than 630 and all products.. plzz every body shoul go for 20 series..
I purchased this phone by seeing the look six months back to replace my BB 8520. I found no way this phone is useful for sms/call tracking/saving a number. It is very poorly designed with software. I found blackberry 8520 or Moto E (which purchased recently) with android is very good compare to this. Also generally all the applications developed for Nokia /used on this phone are not user friendly. Like true caller on Moto e - excellent way it works , operate and track. But same if you load in Nokia 520, the menus appering are useless. Same for Whats app also.... And the key board appears during sms or email is very sensitive and not like moto e or apple. And it is flimsy design and not withstanding shock. Once the display got broken and replaced from my pocket. Moto e 15 times fell down and as of now no damage. I donot know what are positive on this phone....
The phone really sucks- Window software is useless and needs hell lot of upgradation to be at par with android. The mail only shows copy and paste option and you cannot edit mails. Not a correct choice for office use. Also the buttons on the phone got damaged in 3 months. Ridiculous..
I have purchase a 520 lumia phone 8 month back after using this phone i was satisfied but one day my phone unlock key was not working so i went to nokia care and told the problem about the phone then even after 15 days my phone was not repaired and they ask me to wait more 15 days because it have one more problem with sensor so the phone was sent to pune for company check up.
Its a great phone with all the specs and features. one would really crave for this phone, firstly because of its diehard looks and design and secondly because of its marvellous inbuilt features. Also an important notice to all the android users, that windows os is a great platform and its not like android which is unsafe in terms of purchases, and transactions, etc. One thing more, android has lots of useless and crappy apps, mostly with built in adds, and also if you think that windows os lacks many apps, then you are totally mistaken, it infact has all the usefull ones that are required for everyday use., and at the most one can use 70-80 apps per day, so no need for millions of apps !! There is no need to use more than these. Android phones, especially the Samsung ones are really becoming boring, coming with the same design ranging right from the 5000Rs. phone to the 50000 ones, so it becomes impossible to distinguish between them. SO, IN EVERY SENSE, NOKIA LUMIA 520 IS BETTER THAN SAMSUNGS AND WINDOWS OS IS BETTER THAN ANDROID OS.
it doesn't display call summary and there is no apps for call recorder who works. other wise camera is good but there is no flash. There is no file manager apps so that any one could arrange file, song and vedios.
After two weeks the touch is not working. every time the network signal fell down, please don't buy this phone.
again one time Nokia has changed my mind towards their company A very good phone by nokia - Lumia 520 Pone is awesome camera quality is high sun rhe ho na samsung valoooooo.... Only Ram is low overll ph is awesome.
It even fails as a phone...cant disconnect calls sometimes, cant dial, only cure is to restart. Battery backup has reduced to 12 hours. Blank and white nokias were so much better.
Nice phone , first i was thinking that Windows phone wont be successful , but i was wrong . Excellent phone guys just go for it .
The phone is best under the price range, suits first time smartphone users. And awesome delivery from flipkart.
I ordered this product on 2nd july.(with guarantee 1day delivery option [Rs 50 charged by flipkart]) got the delivery by 3rd july. I was charged Rs 7249 (Rs 7199 + Rs 50). After 1 month 20 days of usage:- Its now running the latest version of windows 8.1 aka lumia cyan update. Pros:- 1.NO LAG. 2.Quite decent camera. 3.Awesome built quality 4.Games like Asphalt 8:Airborne, Subway surfers, temple run, etc. runs smoothly without any lag. 5.Apps can be directly installed in SD card with the latest 8.1 update. so there's no tension of lack of internal memory. 6.10/10 in looks department. 7.Excellent call quality. Cons:- 1.Signal reception is quite bad. 2.You will experience few drop calls due to low signal reception. 3.Battery drains very quickly with the 8.1 update. Overall, It is a very good deal to go for it. and forgot to mention about the Screen Quality, it is also quite decent. the viewing angles are also very good. Currently (25-8-2014), the price of the phone is above 9k. due to the stiff competition from lumia 530. For for me this phone costed only 7249/- including the fast delivery option. so it was a great deal for me.
Comes backed by Nokia's impeccable quality and Microsoft's reliability; offers you a peace of mind. The robust and efficient Windows Phone OS (I have updated it to 8.1), 5MP amazing camera, IPS LCD screen, A-GPS coupled with Here Maps and Here Drive, and the huge range of Apps made by Microsoft are few of the many salient features of this lovely phone. And all this at a very modest pricetag. The Lumia 520 is a great phone to own :)
Never ever buy this product very bad performance fully stupit product by windows and Nokia only thing that can be said ok is the camera quality and rest is not at all good.....atleast windows 8.1 must be provided as it only has windows 8 software...????
Nice phone , first i was thinking that Windows phone wont be successful , but i was wrong . Excellent phone guys just go for it .
I bought two units of this phone in quick succession. Good build quality and over all good performance. Very much value for money entry smart phone. Camera is nothing great. Low light performance is poor. But for a communications, computing and multimedia use, its very well designed.
As I said it is really a good phone at this price ,and it fully satisfied my requirement . No major issue as of now ,except it hangs few times .
Never Purches NOKIA LUMIA 520. Bahut zyada hang hota hai. Game agar ap khel rahe ho to bhi bahut problem hote hai. call karne ke baad call cut ka option nahi ata hai . Phone ki battery nikalni padti hai. Service Center apke phone ko sahi nahi kar pata hai or sirf software update karke de deta hai.... main 5-6 time service center main ja chukka hun phir bhi mere phone abhi tak problem hai..Is Phone ko lene se achha hai koi bhi 1000-1200 ka set use kare...My retio of this Phone 1/5... 1 Number sirf camera ki uality ki wajah se.
I bought Nokia Lumia 520(White) from WS Retail at a price of Rs 7499...... 1st of all i highly appreciate WS Retail for their speedy delivery....it was informed that it would be delivered only on 20th August...but i got it delivered on 16th August..... Phone as a whole is really superb....a speedy phone....also Windows store has got now a lot of apps....camera is good with 720p... But the battery life is not that much good as compared to previous Nokia phones...........also it gets heated up quickly... For those who are about to buy a Windows phone.....i would sugest this..of course its under 10K!!!.....go get it!!!
I bought it for 7k through flipkart. I think this is the best phone for this price with excellent features if you are interested in Windows OS. Otherwise go for Moto E. Only issue with windows OS as there are some usability issues like editing number in dialer etc.
everything is fine in this phone, now I updated to 8.1. at first I bought a Sony headphone xb400. then I really satisfied with flipkart. electronic products are genuine, nothing to worry............................................................................................................................................................................................................
I was using this phone for the past 6 months and updated to Windows 8.1 a couple of days back. The pros and cons for the price it is being sold are as follows 1. Touch is very good. 2. Display and depth of the colors are excellent 3. Call and voice clarity is very good 4. No hanging issues 3. Camera is good and video recording will not disappoint The major drawbacks are 1. O.S is horrible even on updation to 8.1 2. We cannot transfer videos through blue tooth 3. We cannot copy text from system. 4. windows was not a versatile and user friendly as android 5. We cannot transfer data, audio, video from system to Whats app as easily as in androids. 6.Many of the benefits and applications are restricted to few countries. Overall it is a waste to opt windows based cellphones as they are miles away from androids.
Lumia 520 is bettr than any 512mb ram Android Ph and equivalent to 1gb andro..Touch is 10/10,Performance 9.5/10,Gaming-8/10,Camera-9/10,Video Recording-10/10,Stylish-10/10,Battery-9/10..
This was never called out explicitly. Huge disappointment. Internally Flash design was accommodated but feature disabled. Cheap marketing strategy!
Brought for Papa, as basic user he liked much. Within few days he started using fully... Pro : Hardware build quality, OS WP 8.1, touch and feeling, battery life, SD Slot, Different tile sizes for elderly people. Cos : Display resolution & camera
Hi this is my experience of Lumia 520 for the past 1 year Good 1 Good Battery - For an avg user this phone good 2 Nice Display - No Viewing problems form any angle 3 Wifi Speed is good 4 Camera - is ok ( good outdoor Video quality ) 5 In the last 1 year it never hanged. Bad 1 back Cover is very light & has no grip in your hand unless you don't buy a case cover 2 Visibility lags to sunlight 3 You can set up a group but can have a Group ringtone its members 4 After answering the call if you put the phone in your shirt pocket, the screen magnifys it self & only then you need to restart the phone. 5 Head phone is not good , at least for paying nearly 7-8k Nokia could have given an answering button or switch in the head phone 6 You can set an image in the memory card as a wallpaper , but can do it for a ringtone , you need to copy all ringtones to the phone (ringtone folder then only it accepts ) Ugly 1 Windows Os (phone) cant connect to Windows OS (PC) , you cant connect this phone to WIN XP Only need win 7 or higher version. 2 Nokia phones are Known for its contact management , Older phones you can copy SIM contacts to Phone & VV , but in this only 1 way you can copy SIM contacts to Phone / VV is not possible , cant back up contacts if you need to reset your phone THE MOST DISAPPOINTING POINT OF THIS PHONE
i bought this phone 8 month ago from flipkart. it's nice phone and good battery back up
Awesome device i have installed 14 games in my device but all games are running without any lag never hang....... and now Microsoft roll out Windows 8.1 cyan update with more features...... this device supports 1020 videos i have a 16 GB Sandisk class 10 sd card i have store 6 hd movies in my sd card working great....... JUST GO FOR LUMIA 520
pros 1.It wont lag 2.good look cons 1.No Equailizer 2.No good video player app ,except moli player. 3.Default head phones are basic 4.Battery back up is low.
i used this mobile almost 2 months no lag....one problem is not a front camera and flash still i updated to windows 8.1...... lots of internal memory...u download more apps it's good for this price range.
DO NOT WAST YOUR MONY IN LUMIA-520 BASIC FEATURES NOT AVAILABLES ARE: 1. NO CALL RECORDING APPS. 2. YOU CANNOT HIDE AND PROTECT AS PRIVATE YOUR EXISTING VIDEOS. 3. YOU CANNOT CHANGE BACKGROUND AS DESIRED (PHOTOS CANNOT SET) 4. YOU CANNOT CHANGE LAYOUT OF THE PHONE. FIXED TILE FORMAT. 5. YOU CANNOT FORMAT YOUR SD CARD IN THIS PHONE. 6. YOU CANNOT SAVE SHARED FILES LIKE RECEIVED FROM BLUETOOTH TO YOUR DESIRED LOCATION. THIS IS THE REVIEW AFTER USING IT 25DAYS. I WILL KEPP UPDATING FURTHER AFTER ONE MONTH ABOUT THIS 3RD CLASS PHONE. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY FOR THIS TOUCH PHONE, BUY ANY SMART PHONE. I AM TALKING ABOUT THE ANDROID SERIES.
Most of the things are fine in this phone, But i have observed two cons in this phone 1. sometimes calls drop i don't know why due to network problem or handset problem. 2. Sound in headphone is very ordinary. 3. Phone speakers sound is good.
Recently, i bought this product, but i Had a very Bad experience with it, The back cover was loose, and i had to give packing (paper with 3 folds) or else, every time i had to restart the mobile. Last time i bought a lenovo, it was very good, though i recived a very good discount.I had a difficulty typing because, my right side is paralyzed, since i had suffered a stroke in August 2013, its still recovering ( atleast 6 more months), but i will still buy from flipkart, i had started buying from flipkart, and have never bought from any other online stores, but i hope you will continue this good work, since i get everything i order on time. All the best. God Bless
Lumia 520 works very well more I have expected. Excellednt customer care follow, to know the ordered item location.
Its been 8 months my father is using the fone. I purchased this as his B'Day gift. Pros : - Camera does a good job. Highly responsive touch. Cons:- There is network issue with the phone. It lost network and need to reboot each time. Some times ringer and vibration won't work, need to reboot to get it worked. For the price, this phone is too good to resist. It has got everything to win your heart. The colours on the screen appears very sharp and real.
I have been using it for an year now. Its performance so far is terrific. This phone scores high on battery performance, platform & built. One challenge I sometime face is that it hangs during incoming calls not letting me pick up. But that happens once in 100 times so I can live with that.
HI EVERYONE, I'VE BEEN USING THIS TINY AWESOME PRODUCT FROM THE HOME OF MICROSOFT SINCE 19/01/2014. THE PRODUCT IS REALLY FANTASTIC AND WHAT EVER THE EXPERIENCES I FELT WERE SATISFACTORY. BUT REALLY I WORRIED WHEN I WENT TO CUSTOMER CARE BECAUSE OF THE BOARD PROBLEM. AND IT GOT REPLACED AS IT WAS UNDER WARRANTY. I'M EVEN MORE EXCITED TO SEE THE WIN 8.1 UPDATE ON LUMIA 520. PRO'S ARE: GOOD CAMERA UNDER DAY LIGHT, WELL SOUND CLARITY, BETTER RELIABILITY, FAST PROCESSING ENVIRONMENT, BEST BATTERY BACKUP OVER 2G, 3G, ON WI-FI. CON'S ARE: THE LACK OF BETTER USER FRIENDLY INTERFACE OF THE OS WIN 8, LACK OF CUSTOMIZATION, LOW QUALITY HEAR PHONE, GETS HEAT UP TOO QUICKLY.
Thanks to flipkart for offer price of Rs.7499. Best online offer I have got. About the phone, it is very good windows phone. Only issue I faced, there is separate control for ringing volume control. If I keep the speaker phone as low when I receive the call, the ringing volume also becomes very low. I have missed many calls due to this problem. l have searched internet and people are saying that this problem is fixed in windows 8.1.
The battery is discharging...waste of money..pls dont buy....they are not providing proper support also...they are selling cheap product
Flipkart Service awesome as usual Quality of mobile awesome. Must buy at the price. I got it for 6700 only :) Will buy once again if at this price
Yes, I trust Nokia and they did it yet again, at this price having a Windows Phone 8 device that actually has some appeal and looks premium is something hard to believe. This is an awesome device that works like charm, you will just fall in love with it if you are planning to switch to something from Android. Awesome phone.
This mobile is awesome for the youth who cannot afford much price to buy new mobile. The camera is awesome and its very easy to use. The best thing about this mobile is the UI is very nice and can open any office documents with inbuilt office facility
best cell with grt features and grt quality . thank u flipkart for timely delivery great battery backup. bad screen quality (no gorilla glass)
iam a 520 user......... my lumia gets frequently switch off when i play temple run and sub way .......... its not so gud for gaming..... lumia 525 is better than this when compared to 520.. other wise lumia 520 is guud phone.... it has also affordable price
Very good product & its value for money. And the product was delivered by Flipkart within the committed time. Thanks to flipkart. The only issue i noticed is the headset of Lumia 520 received in bad condition.
Nice phone ever use. Android hangs up but it never.. that is the advantage of the phone of windowns..
This is a very good phone if you're looking for windows based UI. It takes some time to find the settings location and other phone related features(as was the case with me). Phone looks classy and touchscreen response found to be better than Moto G(Pic resolution and clarity are better in Moto G) and Galaxy S4. Phone is very nice to hold too.Downside is glare is too much to be in the comfort zone(My HTC Wildfire doesn't have this much glare!). Also Here Drive didn't find to be as accurate as Google navigator.
First of all, thank you for delivering on time. Mobile is good. Dislpay is brilliant. Hd videos playback is very smooth. Audio quality and the bundeled ear phone have amazing sound quality. Gaming is good if you don't want to play high end graphics game but still asphalt 8 gameplay is very smooth in it including temple run 2. But subway surfer lags at start.
Product was delivered with a loose audio jack port. It is almost impossible to insert wire in the port. I am not sure if it's a manufacturer's problem or seller's problem. The result was that an otherwise good experience went for a toss.
No LED so pictures in dim light is not good. Disappointed to know that call recording feature is not there. Good phone for average to low smart phone users
It's an amazing phone. I've been using it for 20 days now. Nothing hangs, all the apps work perfectly. I've been waiting to buy Moto E instead of this one but one of my friend bought Moto E and the camera result is horrible. I know other specs are better in Moto E but those margins are really small. This phone gives an amazing photo result.
Hi first off all i'm very satisfied of filpkart delivery service My Mobile Working good. i'm very happy
Problems: *Non-functional screen lock key (or the key used to switch on/off the phone) after six months from purchase *Windows OS for phone is really complicated with limited apps *Recommend to go for andriod phone with a good company in the similar price range
But i am getting some problem with the touch screen, it may not responding some times and battery capacity is less. The performance of the lumia 520 is nice. I am satisfied with this smart phone
perfect one............. packing.... originality.... everything was perfect.... i prefer flipkart and this seller to buy this product..
I heard that all the Microsoft OS's and its applications, drivers are well tested and those can handle the hardware very perfectly. Believing this, I brought Nokia Lumia 520. Now I am totally disappointed. For me, without long nails, opening the back cover itself became a project. Phone is having sharp edges where user has to keep the ear for conversation. Music audio quality is average; yes it is manageable, setting ring tone, message tone as per users wish is not possible; yes of course it is also manageable. But, it is not allowing me to attach the files on my emails, which is very important for me that is not at all acceptable. I try to find out a solution for this in internet and later came to know that there are so many guys are affected by this same problem and that too is not fixed by Microsoft for a long while. I can say, camera is good and it is having very good video related applications, but not allowing to update the captured files is a major flaw in the product. Also browsing is not that smooth like Android phones, looks like it is struggling. Somehow Nokia has to mentioned this as a limitation, but not speak out any where. I could not consider it as a smart phone; I can say it is a normal phone with good camera. Overall.. my trust has totally gone bad on Nokia and Microsoft right now. My suggestion for this product buyers is, do google search, "disadvantages of lumia 520" before you buy this product. Around this same price, better search for other phones. ***
This phone is definitely one of the best phone when it comes out & the range is fabulous u cannot ask more then this hats off to nokia....
I bought this phone at Flipkart last year. As usual flipkart delivery was awesome and delivered before date. This a good phone at its price range, I have been using this phone for over a year, except for few problems this is working fine for me. I recommend 525 or the 530 which is going to be released soon with windows phone 8.1 over this phone. I don't want to tell you about the specs as it is already listed above. First let me give you the pros. 1)Good 5mp camera and with Nokia Camera you have the features that you have when you take with a SLR or a DSLR with ISO, White balance, focus controller, shutter speed, and brightness setting to control in your phone. 2)Nice screen for its price range with good ppi. 3)Less lags 4)Speakers okay, not too loud speakers if there is some background noise. 5)Battery usage is more than enough ONLY for playing music( lasts 15hrs on continuous playing of music with volume of 15 on 30) and it charges from empty to full in JUST 1.5 hours. 6(Best UI and easy to use( You may feel much easier after lumia cyan update) 7)Important apps has arrived and as this OS is becoming popular more developers are coming. 8)Easy sync of contacts and emails from facebook, outlook or gmail account 9)Internal memory of 7.2 gb where about 5gb is available for user plus sd card support of upto 64gb ( You can even transfer apps to sd card after cyan update). 10) Offline maps are never better and with improved and updated here maps after the lumia cyan update( windows phone 8.1 update) it is the best and also supports here drive for turn by turn offline assisted GPS. 11) offline speech recognition service for opening apps, calling your contacts, reading text messages aloud is availabe. 12) Kids corner- You can allow apps, games and songs separately for your children without the need to show your personal files 13)Data sense to sense your wifi and mobile network data usage separately. 14) If you phone gets bricked while updating with less battery or some other problem you can even download and install the original software at home from nokia.com using Nokia Software Recovery tool, no need to go to the customer care service.( This goes for any other lumia as well) 15) Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on. 16)I have dropped it many times(accidentally though), directly facing the screen, with corner edge facing, but no damage done, except a very small dent not noticeable on the back coloured cover of lumia and scratches on the screen guard. (This happened without a protection case or back cover ) Cons The only thing I felt was needed to improve was the battery life which lasts for about a day with medium usage and the heating issues while playing even games like the temple run. But now its gone and the some issue still persists for playing top-end games like Asphalt 8. No dual sim support but will get after lumia 530 (successor of 520 and 525) is released at the same price range. Also the updates for the phone are released very gradually, takes months to get the update after its been announced. 512mb ram is enough for a user like me and after the lumia cyan update it is equivalent to 1-2gb ram in android kitkat and plays Asphalt 8 smoothly better than 1gb of android so no worries. I am waiting for the Lumia Cyan update from April, and its already August 1st but still not got the update. This update is a major update, improving the user interface and including special features like the new voice assistant Cortana just as it is for Apple(Siri) and Google(Google Now). Please refer to Lumia Cyan Update in the nokia website to know more about the new and improved operating system.
In just one word , AWESOME . This phone is fully loaded with all the features that you need like memory, processing speed , sound quality , in call volume etc . Best phone in this price range if you want to experience windows OS. Touch is smooth and design & look is of premium quality . I am lovin it .
The screen display is very clear and battery life is better than samsung phones. Only problem is market place has boring apps.
Hi, After a lot of research, I finalized this device as my choice and then without second thought i ordered. The features I have liked in this phone are, 1. Sharp and cristal clear icons/menus 2. Fast response 3. Windows 8 OS and XBOX games and features 4. Fast browsing 5. Sensitive touch screen, compared to other mobiles which I have used. 6. Very reasonable price with all these features. 7. Overall I recommend this phone for this price. Good and excellent one!!
If not what i expected from this, but it certainly satisfied me. Nokia apps are absolutely brilliant. I am writing this review for i have bought my first smart phone, I have not used any android phones before, don't know my thoughts would've changed after using android phones. Hats off to Nokia music, songs download in just a matter of a seconds. You may go on and buy this mobile, you will not regret for your entire life.
First of all Flipkart In-A-Day-Delivery is best thing I have ever seen. I ordered phone at night 09:30 and morning 10:30 phone was in my hands. Talking to phone, below are pros and cons: Pros: Nice screen size and resolution. Connectivity and application response time is good. Camera quality is decent and best can be offered in this price range. Cons: Android lovers may not like the phone but even Windows phone serves all. Build quality seems not as good as Lumia 820/920 phones. No scratch resistance screen.
I feel this is a perfect piece for touch screen users.. simple, light weight and compact, the camera quality is fine.. the back cover feel is premium.. expect most features like upmarket one!!!!
window lumia 520 is best one and much better then android one, but store having less apps for this nokia should have to do something. otherwise 5 stars
This is a good budget phone with the specs still today in market, well built, good decent looks and decent performance when playing games. This is my first review in flipkart and almost I am writing writing after using this phone for about 6 months. One who likes windows OS, MS office tools & in combination with classic Nokia, this is the best deal under 8000RS. Now with 525 and increased RAM it will still be a great deal. However compared to Android or IOS, windows still needs to work alot on improviding apps and introducing more apps. Also thanks to Flipkart for good service and shipping this product in less than 24 hours Pros: 1. Build quality, great touch screen 2. Better battery life 3. Decent camera Cons: 1. Less apps compared to other OS 2. Screen lighting could have been better
Great elegant looks and design. Build quality is good and the speakers are better than any other smartphone at this range. Corners are curved which makes it easy to hold and have a firm grip. Pulling off 1 star because camera could have been better and the back cover is a dirt magnet.. Apart from that it is a good smartphone.
simply the best..., good display, touch, sound, battery, what else more u need for the price. U can buy the product ....
Go for it. Dnt think if ua budget is samll. its awesome even a 1.5 gb ram on android have glitches while playing asphalt 8 bt dis nt at all its fab
FIRST OF ALL THANK U FLIPKART FOR U R FAST DELIVERY AND ALSO FOR THE CHEAPER PRICE . I GOT IT FOR RS. 6975 .IN MARKET IT COSTS MORE THAN 8000. SO THANK U FLIPKART. ABOUT PHONE ..ITS THE BEST CHOICE .NOKIA CAME BACK WITH THIS LUMIA SERIES TO INDIAN MARKET AGAIN. CAMERA,SCREEN CLARITY,APPS ARE BEST!! I WILL SAY DESIGN IS THE BEST PART OF THIS PHONE. IF U WANT A NOKIA PHONE UNDER THIS PRICE DONT THINK GO FOR IT.
Most of you won't agree but so far this phone has served my almost every need and on top of that i handle phones very casually which means it has fallen on the floor, rough surface a lot of times. It's been 4 months now, still going strong.
LUMIA HAVING GOOD COMPLIMENT THAT IT HAVING 8 GB INTERNAL MEMORY AND ITS GOOD EXPERIENCE ABOUT NOKIA LUMIA 520
Its been 6months. still works like a charm. No problems till now. Battery backup is great. The only downside is the apps and no file manager
Its is an amazing Phone I upgraded the OS to 8.1 and amazing features came up. I also have ordered a skin for the phone.
I know many people have reviewed this item and they were very informative and have provided their opinion properly. I am now writing this review after 3 months use of this phone. Build Quality : Well the build quality of the phone is good, I can not say it as very good because of the thin semi plastic back cover, no metallic touch. This problem can be easily removed if you use a flip cover. I think that protects your phone very well Looks : The look and the style of the phone is awesome. The mat finish of the back cover feels awesome in hand and the non round look of the corners is also good, besides the phone is sleek and thin, that is also a good thing. Display Quality : Actually the display is pretty good, colour representation is nice, you can adjust your colour profile or colour tone, by setting it as warmer or cooler. The black colour of display is pretty deep in that sense which looks simply stunning as other colour makes a great contrast with the black colour. Actually the colour density will really impress you. The touch is also awesome, the best touch I have seen, you can use gloves also. But there is one problem you might face, the screen is very very shiny and reflecting, in outdoor that might trouble you, in bright sunny day you can only see your reflection on the screen, the other things in the screen is hardly readable. Though lumia screen settings says that there is a technology involved which will assist you to read easily in bright sunlight but that does not help me. Without this thing there is no problem I have seen. Headphone, Speaker and Battery :The headphone is a nightmare, the headphone which comes with the packet is pathetic in build and quality. It hurts your ear so much, you can not use it more than 30 minutes as it is very painful, and the sound is very low and no quality sound, really bad headphone. If you are a music lover then you must buy a headphone, my suggestion is buy only those products which is ok with lumia 520. Open nokia.com and watch the compatible headphones. The speaker is pretty good, pretty loud, the max volume is 30, but while listening music in my room it is good enough to set the speaker at level 15. The battery performance is really good. If you use constantly playing game , using wi-fi or cellular data and making calls then it will last for approx 6 hours. But if you left your phone idle, dont do anything except calls and message then it may last for 2 days Overall Performance : Overall performance is very very impressive of lumia 520. It is fast , reliable, lucid and gorgeous. Let me explain. I tested this phone with Asphault heat , and I am very satisfied with this phone, no lag, no slow down. Hd movie experience is very good , I purchased Moliplayer Pro to play the mkv or flv files. The default media player can not play flv and mkv, but it can play 3gp, mp4 and avi of any resolution. The moliplayer is a genius, it can play anything , any video format and any audio format you through at it. There is one problem you may experience , the overheat problem. If you play games for hours then the phone overheats, if you use your phone while it is charging via ac adaptar it overheats, and in normal use it may also overheat. Actually there is one suggestion from me, overheating is very bad for any electronics device, it may hamper the internal components and it surely damages the battery. To avoid overheating you have to do this, you may turn off your cellular data or wi fi when you dont need them, this will solve the problem. And the overheating while playing high graphics games, it cant be avoided, it is normal and this happens with every phone. In this three months my phone hangs only once when I used it to play 1080 p videos for the whole day :) There is no complain about the phone performance from me Camera : It has 5 mp rear camera , no front camera. The 5mp camera is really good, if and only if you capture photos in BRIGHT SUNLIGHT, remember this thing, and dont even try to capture in low light. As it is very dull concept to capture picture in low light in a phone which does not contain flash. One more thing I want to say, I found the pictures good, but I cant say very good as I think the colour depth of the photos is little less than the popular samsung galaxy series phones. And remember the default camera is set in 3mp, you have to set the aspect ratio as 4:3 in camera app photo settings to get the 5mp settings. Any Other Problem : Actually at this point I find out problems about the Windows OS, not about the phone. Nokia has done a brilliant job to bring such a phone at this price. There are lots of problems in the os, you all know them I heard many of these issues is resolved in update 8.1 , so wait patiently until it is released in India for lumia 520. Thanks everyone..
Great price, great value. You get all the goodness of the WP 8 (upgraded to 8.1 via the developer channel - that voids the guarantee though. However, no crashes whatsoever!). I lost my previous 520 and all I wanted to buy another one. All i need is mails, phone, text and internet. Works great for me.
I have used android. This is far better for most of the normal people.. It doesnt freeze. Good battery. They could ve included flash though.
Not a good phone, i am completely dissatisfied with its performance. Always hanging up on low signal.
First of all special mention for Flipkart for their speedy delivery. Regarding about Lumia 520. I like the UI the most. Good battery backup and okay camera. Nothing different from others, it has all the almost features. Sound clarity is good too. If you looking for low budget phone with almost all features and good battery back up with different UI experience. Then go for it.
This is a really good phone.Don't think twice before buying it.Better than Android.Flipkart gives it in a reasonable Price!!!!!
I never got satisfied with this phone, bad operating system, no apps nothing. Go for android guys, the only best feature of this phone is its camera, CAM is awesome for scanning documents, (not wildlife photography) and on cam its voice recording is very crisp and clear, but overall win phone a big NO
Stylish, user friendly, hardy, and smooth phone. Although the Windows 8 has some problems like lack of file manager, once upgraded to 8.1 one can use file manager by microsoft called Files.Camera quality is fantastic. Takes great pics even at low light. Loaded with cool features.
Writing this review 6 months after buying the phone. Delivery was good as usual. The handset has a nice grip as its back cover has matte finish. It has a camera button, nicely placed at the right side of the phone (when its screen faces you). It has a crispy display which is perfect for watching 720p video (As the screen is only 4 inch and has 800*400 resolution, you'll not find any difference in 1080p and 720p though 1080p videos will play smoothly) Here, the camera is something to admire. it comes with a 5MP snapper. The color and contrast of the image is superb. Believe me, with proper light the overall image quality is better than that of Micromax canvas 4 (thought micromax has higher resolutution,). Now coming to the software part, I personally find the User Interface of windows 7 OS better than Android. The CPU and RAM usage for Windows phone 7 is much much efficient. There are not many games and softwares for windows platform as windows doesn't provide open source code for programmers as android does. But if you are not an addict of smartphones, then you'll find your basic apps for windows phone 7. PROS: Nice built Dedicated Camera button Extremely smooth touch and response Decent Camera Loud sound Decent video Playback nearly 6.5 GB user available space on device + 32 GB expandable Dedicated Graphics for smooth running of apps and games 7 GB skydrive space for online backup of crucial data CONS: Micro Sim Not too many apps available No Flash File explorer is missing. You need to install file explorer app additionally
looks is beautiful,Touch sensitive is wonderful. without touching the screen we can use the screen.all mobile of nokia can use anyone easily. its also like that only.but In the 8GB inbuit memory not enough to download more apps. one more thing i cant able to download apps in memory card. what is use of 64GB memory card i dont know. But its have good camera quality.
After several refered several rviews i ordered this moblle. I am enjoyig WP now. Axis bank app also included in store last week. In one month rough use i didnt found any faults,hanging,etc...problems. After 2years Android experience i came to Windows platform.In my experience WP is better than AP. Thsnks..
A good phone for basic users with minimal data usage. Clear display, most apps are available. Heats up and battery drains quickly when you are on wifi or internet sharing. Display glass cracked in a month and replaced (Thought nokia are well built but not for these touch screens) After display change experiencing hangs often especially during incoming call ( it frustrates like heck ).
I bought this phone 10 months ago and it's performance never detoriated with time. I use some 90+ apps, with 20(max permitted) background apps & 8.1OS and it doesn't hang as compared to 500mb android phone, performance is really outstanding. Features like navigation without inernet, temple run2(that works crsytal clear in 500mb phone), live tiles, dispaly, amazing nokia, microsoft apps & best camera(that takes clear photos even under dull light without flash), 3G standby 22hr(on my phone) make this phone standout among its competitors. Previously I used Galaxy S1 and I say this phone is far better than that. Cons: speaker sound quality isn't that good, games(some best android games require special release for windows phone and it takes time), prolonged surfing on 3G causes heating.
Dear friends I am using this mobile from 4 days.this is one of the best thing in my life which I have purchased.I got this mobile one of the best mobile seller Flipkart. If you want to buy any mobile than don't think any other choice.no can be better than lumia 520 in 10k to 14k.go and take a great satisfaction in your Life.every cons is just a humor. camera qualities are best videos are in great qualities. internet speed is superb.phone speed is superb. I was Android user since last 3yrs but now I can say there is no any comparison between these two OS.windows 8 is the better than android in qualities.welcome Windows 8 bye bye Android.. :)
One word he is best in his league n I'm talking about 520 Does normal tasks awesomely You tubing n gaming like (temple run 1 ,2 subway surfer n many more ) played smoothly 8.1 is most fast o.s ever I have seen N main thing screen is just awesome in this league actually wow factor I give. It try because I was board with android New people in smartphone ara go for android N old android. Users give it try Hope u r thoughts are clear
VFM product by nokia. pros; decent display, good battery backup,easy to use with tiles cons; lack of apps, widgets,
A vfm phone you can not expect a phone in this price that is why it is a good phone simple and clean one should buy it,.
Its Awesome Phone From Nokia as if u want Windows Phone,Its Camera Quality is too Good and also Working Smooth even has 512 Mb Ram....Superb Phone...
I am a Microsoft man. So, Nokia Lumia 520 is a natural choice which is an affordable phone. Presents Business like looks. Good phone. The low-lights are the battery charging and fewer availability of applications as compared to Android. Also, some features in the phone needs enhancement w.r.t. easy usability like Headset cannot be used to control calls or volume. This is a major problem.
My mom is a first time smartphone user. But she found the Windows phone very easy to use, and learnt quickly. Totally satisfied with the quality of the product.
my phone's screen shattered for the first drop .... just from 1 ft distance . my first suggestion is ... if u buy .. dont download subway srfs ... it crashes ur phone ... and it automatically restarts .... dont buy this ... buy mot e .. its best for the price
you get quality , performance and trust of Nokia . Most of the games run smooth , Camera is decent but flash would have been good . Good buy at 7000 .
you get quality , performance and trust of Nokia . Most of the games run smooth , Camera is decent but flash would have been good . Good buy at 7000 .
Battery was a problem that was provided inside the box. Battery was getting discharged within an hour without performing any tasks
very nice service by flipkart and the product reached safely. nokia lumia black colour mobile i purchased, but o.s is in 8.0 and not updated to 8.1, otherwise all are good. thanks ramesh,chennai-58
i'm disappointed by this buy - only good thing is its user friendly interface and easy to hold size but the processor is very slow and you get a much efficient phone these days in the same money I spent on this.
absolutely best for college students..very handy and simple ! you should buy it if you are longing for a simple yet quality smartphone
Good Budget Phone and the features are worth the price. I bought this phone 6 months ago and is working fine. No issues so far. Thanks Flipkart for your quick and fast delivery.
After 15 days use I can say it is not bad at 8k.there are some limitations with Windows phone.touch is not as good as advertised.camera is good.gud looking mobile.battery is average.candy crush not available.
I got this phone as part of exchange offer. I exchanged my old samsng galaxy S as part of exchange scheme. I am not satisfied with this phone at all. Phone goes off frequently.I think there are better option in the market at the same price. Windows phone disappoints.
i have used this phone for at least 1 year and i think its an excellent device BODY: It has a very amazing body and it is light also sensors do work perfectly its not like micromax CAMERA: 5 mp camera, very good pictures and if you want perfect pictures then download nokia camera lens and many other lens are available in window store.you can focus shutter speed etc PROCESSOR:- an awesome processor but you cant play heavy games easily switching between apps is perfect a dual core processor you can easily play many games like subway surfer yeah i said it subway surfers and temple run 2 and temple run and by heavy games i mean WRB asphalt etc WINDOWS STORE: many android apps are available many lenses for your camera are available new games like subway surfers temple run2 WRB asphalt 7 are available. STORAGE:8 GB internal memory out of whivh around 5 gb is there because your system takes 3 GB and this is for every phone and the apps and games are of very big size as compare to android in android WRB is for 45mb while in windows it is for around 300 mb SOUND:the sound is crystal clear with headphones and without headphone there was a problem in my jack but later i saw that there was a problem in the headphones. TOUCH:touch response is pretty cool very good BATTERY: it is far better than any android device works for all the day further details:nokia music is a very cool applicaion you can download unlimited songs.and it is as usaul very durable overall its a very good phone i would recommend everyone to buy it. THANKS FOLKS :)
This Awesome Cell Ever I Used.. I used Many of the Costlier Cell phones But I found This Cell Suitable For Me... No Answer About its Camera quality.. Simply Mind blowing Thnxx Nokia :)
Perfect performance compared to other models of Nokia. If it had come with the windows 8.1 it would be the best one. Now, I had to upgrade to windows 8.1. The features and the usage comfort is remarkably good.
Pros- -easy to use -awesome looks -decent battery -decent camera Cons- -slight lag -delayed notifications(sometimes) -no system wide file manager I have a Moto G and Moto E in my family and wanted another good phone, not too costly, and this is the best you can get. In the end it all comes down to the choice - Android or Windows Phone.
Pros- Amazing features by nokia and MS. Easy to use if you know how to? 512 MB RAM is far better than android's 512MB. cons- battery gets heated while charging, not purely multitasking
Its a great phone, bought it this January and running all well and steady, superb build quality and really stable os. No lag whatsoever... very good camera and video recording and great display playing 720p HD videos and movyz, absolutely superb job by Nokia .... 100% recommended.
Yaar its really sucks as most of the time its hangs bcs of less memory and many time it could be restart if overloaded :( even it require half to one minute to open apps like messanger , WhatsApp and all and even it require time to switch apps. mai toh lut gaya ye phone le ke :'(
HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!! MISTAKE nothing bad about phone..... its good. but its my mistake I INSERTED A MICRO SIM ADAPTER , and result my gud phone is travelling distances of nokia care..... never insert any sim adapter in lumia sets of nokia they Damage the sim slot OH !!!!! MY PHONE :(
It is just awesome the only defect i found was that the apps cannot be shifted to the sd card,and ghe rest all is freak
I purchased nokia lumia 520 for gifting my wife. Floating touch response, ui is best & Good battery backup over all nice experience wih both n&f.
Handy, faster than other android devices of same range. Quality casing is another good thing about this device. smoother to handle and usage wise. Screen was pretty clear. App catalog seems to have a decent number of apps now. Came with the latest update(BLACK).
Well when i first opened the box...wow..there goes it the shiny new Lumia 520... Pros: Its cheap compared to other "branded" smartphones in the market. Great Built quality, feels solid in hand and looks great. Smooth but rarely sometimes it lags(it does not become much of a problem though). Good Multitasking Loudspeakers are Loud enough but sound quality gets a little downgraded at high volumes...If you prefer quality over loudness then u better listen at 20(in the scale of 30). Colourful and unique interface for who are bored with android interface. The Lockscreen really looks good. Simple to use. Can play 1080p videos with easy but in such high quality videos navigating becomes hell. Good Camera(If you can keep your hand steady enough and have enough light around because it doesn't come with a flash). Charging is fast and it keeps up for long provided you are not a heavy gamer. Theres a good game thats availiable for free..Thats "Dredd vs Zombies" it will keep u busy for sometime. Cons: The screen is shiny but it attracts fingerprints(a tissue paper wipe now and then will do good also advised to get a screen protector) The screen is reflective and under sun its difficult to use. No FM The OS still requires development(eg. You cannot transfer video files via bluetooth, Music and pictures can still be transferred). The handset doesn't come with a good pair of headphones.. Better if you buy one. It requires Micro sim. Lacks apps in the app store and most of the good apps are paid(The original Angry Birds game costs Rs 55).It doesn't even have temple run 2 and talking tom 2. There is no file manager. Less chance of customization(You can't set a wallpaper) There is no Audio Enhancement and the audio player lacks equalizer. Takes a long time to start(expected since its a smartphone). You have to open the battery every time you change the sim or memory card and thus you have to adjust the time every time you do so. But at this price you simply cannot expect more and this is indeed a steal at this price point. If you want something different than the android phones you see when you travel in the bus. This is the way to go..It seems as if Windows phones have a bright future.
Nice product at low price,Quick delivery as estimated.But no invoice copy in the Package but you have mailed so it ok.Handsfree makes noise somewhat but it was ok.
Hope it is more than 20 days and I didn't see any issues and things are good as mentioned and thanks again WS Retail and Flipkart, for making this transaction smooth. Quick delivery and original product. Initially I was in dilemma about switching to Windows phone and decided to go for it and it didn't disappoint me. Watching streaming videos was a great experience. Screen resolution was awesome and speakers are not up to the expectations. installations of Apps are simple. Lot of free apps and application are available on the store. One thing missed in this model is front camera and also it don't support compass. Touch was smooth as cream, and better to have a gel case, as its slippery. Performance was good and played some games like angry birds and car race.. don't find any issues as of now. Overall for its price tag ,having a Nokia brand with windows OS is really a nice experience.
This product was delivered on time! so First hurray to flipkart! This phone is suitable for all users and fits everyone' pocket. The features provided are plenty and the pricing is also great! Performance of the phone is also great and hence i would strongly recommend customers to buy.
Excellent product from the Nokia, Looks good, works good, Over all the Product is nice for the Windows Phone lovers
flipkart always deliver good nice and still using camera is good but still got problem while shooting on low light good windows phone at affordable price as nokia always serves best
lumia 520 its a gud one...easy to use...jst luvin it...games are gud to play ...camera clarity cud be improved..no front camera & flashlight!
battery & looks are good but other features are below the normal level. better to go sum sung or micro max ... in same price tag if we see Nokia product than can say ok but we can not use this phone as a smart phone net is very slow or can say death slow very poor quality of screen..
Actually i was using android phone. I want to know the difference OS to taste that. But it is not reaching my expectation.
My wife is using it around 8 months .Hard ware quality is awesome , really the build is damn sturdy. it's been dropped at least 5 times still NOKIA rocks in this department .Regarding performance its great for a common person who wants to be in touch with his web community and mails -official as well as personal. More importantly is an awesome gadget which fits in your palm and pocket fantastically.
The phone is ideal at this price. Its optimized in terms of processor so that it does not hang/lag. Sound quality and camera is very good .Capacitive touch is too good. Overall a super mobile..
Lumia is indeed th ebest phone in Under Rs 10000 range. Flipkart offers the best price in the market. Got its for only Rs 7207/-. & Flipkart delivered it before the promised time. So I am very satisfied with product as well as Flipkart services.
This phone is okay.but if u wants to buy a phone for playing games so go for android don't buy this one because most of games in windows are paid
A perfect budget friendly phone as simple as that. You will not regret to buy this. Great build quality Great performance Great Camera for this price tag. Happy user after using it for months now.
best windows phone by microsoft and nokia with its 8GB intrnal memory 64GB expandable you can install as many apps as you want but with little 512MB RAM which will dissappoint its users for such apps which require at least 1GB RAM. Overall its music, display, snapshots with different nokia apps, are the most standard features of this phone.
it's working good. i like this phone. that's why i ordered one more lumia phone. touch sensitive is excellent. it's simple. in 2-g also you will get high net spped with this phone.
Faced issues with WiFi connectivity & 512 mb ram is ruining the the entire experience, rest all is what have been mentioned, good as basic windows phone for starters i would suggest to gor for 525 instead of this
I took it for a gift, and my friend is very happy with the product and that makes me happy with flipkart
This phone did not even survive a fall from a mere 2.5 feet. Worst build quality I have ever experienced from a Nokia phone. All the shock has to be absorbed by one of the four edges every time the phone falls.
Nice mobile at this range.
The phone is awesome the only lacking is a front camera although you can do Skype calling using back cam but front camera would be a better addition. Second thing which I really miss is flash. daylight photography is decent but lowlight photos are :(((
its a mind blowing phone... pretty much happy with the performance.. games on this device feels awesome .. i got this 2 day before promised day.. thanks flipkart ..
battery ok 24 hr backup interface osme games ok ok display n camera quality best in this price range have been using it since april no problem yet even upgraded to windows phone 8.1 workig totally smooth n handy ... loved it :)
Nice mobile with cool features. Suitable for those who want something different. Everything is working well. No complaints at all. Temple run 2 is working smoothly. But the major issue is low battery back up. It stands up to half a day only. Needs to be charged twice a day. Camera apps are superb for editing pictures. Android lovers think twice before purchasing this mobile as windows phone os has some limitations. Nokia and windows lovers, don't miss this mobile.
Best phone in the range of 8 - 10K segment. Eagerly waiting for Windows 8.1 update after which Windows phone will give tough competition to android devices.
It is a very good phone. Pros: Good Picture quality Good Sound clarity Touch is highly sensitive one Net speed is high Product is worth as compared to the price Cons: Applications are less compared to android A good file manager is not available in the store The down loaded attachments from a mail cant see after down loading it is a problem of the non availability of a good file manager battery life is poor like all smart phones
Awesome performance & Great Delivery time can't compare to any other services in the market. Mobile has everything u want for that price tag. GPS navigation feature impressed me a lot.
Great product by Nokia. Its awesomeness can be seen by its its design.Its got one of the best cameras and can give other phones a run for their money. Although 4 megapixel camera looks less in hearing,but is great in its performance. One of the best things is its ability to manual focus and other controls. Battery easily lasts a day. BEST PRODUCT
hopeless nokia is 420 Be yourself, be informative Let your personality shine through, but it's equally important to provide facts to back up your opinion.tay concise Be creative but also remeEasy to read, easy on the eyes A quick edit and spell check will work wonders for your credibility. Also, break reviews into small, digestible paragraphs.mber to stay on topic. A catchy title will always get attention!
Pl don't buy Nokia phones especially lumia phones...go for samsung,blackberry, sony, they r slow ....if u want to
I m using Nokia mobiles since 1997. But this one is worst product of nokia. I used high end products as iPhone , Samsung and others also. I bought this 520 some one month ago. It is giving me problem since I purchase it. It's touch screen is useless and never works properly. I hv to remove its battery at least 5 times in a day. Also UI is not good. Reviews given by flipkart are not proper one and misleading .
Nice phone for the money you invest. Very reliable & fast. Good battery backup. Really feels like a phone from "NOKIA" brand :)
Very nice stylish phone with only one problem i.e phone internal storage is filling very fast. My pics in memory card is also showing triple. and any music downloaded from nokia strore in default saved in Phone memory only
PROS: *Good camera. *Responsive touch. *Quality music. *Good accessories and support. *Camera button is a good job. CONS: *Windows phone -_- *Material doesnt feel good on hand.
Price- Worthy Windows OS- Very disgusting; Google apps are not available which is a big drawback, Nokia maps are not up to the mark, Windows store is pathetic, Other apps are not looking and working good, Whatsapp will crash hourly basis. There are other issues like, ringtone+vibration mode is not working good, I am missing my calls regularly because of this issue, video history cant be deleted from the gallery!! We cannot send saved videos through bluetooth...lots of problems!!! Cant believe Microsoft made this OS!!!! Phone- Nokia keeps there quality, touch is 8/10, battery backup-1 day, sound is good Overall, I wont recommend anybody to buy this phone(especially youngsters) Flipkart Service- Excellent
I buyed it as First time smart phone buyer and after using it since one month, I say, that windows phones are way better then Android one's. Please dont compare it with worthless discussions that lack of applications etc. I have all the applications I need and I am like a junkies who just feel proud to display number of applications installed. It have Office, Internet is fast on both 2G/3G, sturdy feel, good readability in sunlight and battery run 1 full day of heavy use and all time data connectivity. Never need to carry a charger like many other phone users. Thank you Flipkart for super fast delivery.
its an average phone. like android better little complicated. windows os is infoerior as compared to android. i took this phone assuming great reliability on Nokia and price
If you don't want to be said a mobile monkey then windows phone is a great choice. Lumia is a official choice. Great Phone with basic features.
phone is not working properly, due to phone window is corrupt. my 1st experience is not good with flipkart.com
I have been using this phone from last 2 months now....and totally disappointed with its performance and quality. PROS: nice look and feel , price. CONS: 1. nokia claims that window phn does not hang ...its not true ...every now and then it hangs. 2. signal reception is poor both for sim and wireless, you will never see excellent wireless connection status in this phone ...its always average, sim signals are also not excellent , nokia service guy himself admitted that this set has a built in problem of signal. 3. Android applications and features of the application are way ahead of windows. perfect example is , compare whtsapp look and feel and features in android and in windows. 4. camera is a waist ... 5. My battery died in just 2 months. disappointing experience with nokia.
In this range, this is quite a good phone. Delivery was bang on time.. The phone is very light and very convenient to use.
HMMM............ okk. Now m here to write review about nokia lumia 520 after using it for more than a month. I bought it from flipkart, and thanks to flipkart distribution channels that i got it on very third day of order. Now about phone. Amazing feeling while using phone. I even used android but after three months i got boared with that. But dont know why nokia lumia gives a feeling. An internal touch. 4 stars because there are some drawbacks, like FB is not free, youtube is not free yet, but i hope after update of 8.1 all will be free. Doesnt get hang like android. Live tiles gives and awesome feeling. Android now can be used by anyone, but still windows need expertise to operate it efficiently. thats why it makes me feel different while using window phone.... Thanks to flipkart, love u nokia. After 8.1 i hope u vl again be in people mind as top priority. As 8.1 will be provided free, i am revising my ratings from 4 to 5. ha ha ha ha ha ha
First of all, congratulations to Flipkart for their speedy delivery. With Lumia 520 and WP8 (now I have upgraded it to 8.1), you can actually do a lot of stuffs like never before. In my hostel, after seeing all my mates have those creepy android phones which hangs every day, I decided to buy a windows phone considering the ratings and reviews. I have been using it for last 2 months and believe me it never hung not even for a second. Features which you must be worrying about. @ 512 MB RAM - Wait! This is windows, buddy, not an android it would work as smooth as you are running an android with 2 GB RAM. @ Windows OS - Don't tell me you are not a fun loving person and want a linux-looking android. @ Battery Life - Excellent! No point for a question. @ Camera - It has lots of lenses so that you will start loving photography. @ Price - Just 7500 bucks guys!
Pros: Very fast compared to upto 10k range andriod Good sensitivity Good display quality Well within budget Cons: Bad battery backup Too bad radio signal reception
Excellent Product. Ws Retail Delivery Excellent Flipkart Service as usual Good. Trustworthy. Procssing speed, Battery,Touh Screen resolution, Gaming experience are good
Lumia 520 is the answer to people who are looking for cheap and best phones.Outlook works like magic in this phone.There is no point to question to Nokia's battery life still i will mention it,with 3g on it lasts 1 and a half day (which i feel is way better then anyother smart phones in this range).There are plenty of free apps.Wifi connectivity is good.Even camera is decent enough,the pics come out really good.The only problem which i encountered is the lock screen button.Other wise this phone is value for money
Easy to use, solid construction. Very economical compared to the features. Overall great phone. Big colorful display. Easy to read.
i got this phone as a birthday gift for my mom, it's a really nice and sturdy build quality,,and the best part is nice battery backup. con's : 1. not much of apps, and especially 2.whats app has some limitations :( 3. no proper gallery support.
I bought Lumia 520 mobile just 2 days back and it fell from a height of 2 feet and the screen has broken and it stopped working as well. This a common issue with most lumia products. My earlier Samsung and HTC mobiles were so robust and in spite of 1000's of fall, it used to work fine. The cost involved to change the screen is so high that I have decided to buy other mobile. If you really want to buy any Lumia series please buy a good quality flip cover and screen protective sheet.
It is a good phone for general use. windows experience is good. Hangs sometime but its ok now. Value for money. Lacks in front camera and flash for rear camera. Overall it is good deal.
Feeling very happy to get the product at a minimal rate.Mobile looks so gud and features are impressive. Presented this to my nephew he is playing with it very well.
Its a really good phone with a nice camera... 3g also.... Yet Windows. Though its a beautiful os with plenty of capability the windows store really lacks apps... For games and some useful stuff... Like, say, fifa 14 not available, really few free apps.... Yet.... What an awesome phone and os!!! Android feels so boring after windows phone. Really bland and stuff.... If you are a gamer skip this, if you are looking for a budget phone.... Perfect!!!! Also one more problem you can't upload pics on website until its at their mobile version which ios does... Btw if you are a student... If don't play heavy games... Pick this up!!! (Flipkart delivered this product in 2 day!!! Awesome!!!)
This is a very nice phone, with good battery backup, smooth scrolling n touch,nice presentation, n offcourse with windows 8 O.S. with very nice body(rubber+fibre nice combi.), 5 MP camera, many positive points,cant tell in description....salutes NOKIA for inventing such a nice phone...
I bought this phone fews days ago from flipkart and WOW !!! this is the most amazing phone i ever had!!!the touch is fabulous and the OS never hangs .... and who the hell told dat there is no file manager in WP8 ..microsoft has recently uploaded the official file manager app on windows phone store named "Files"..go get it ... sound quality is awesome and camera MINDBLOWING!!!...This phone is 100 times better than any android phone below 15000 ...Great job microsoft and Nokia !!! keep it up !
Good service from flipkart, And Nokia Lumia 520 with windows 8 at this price is affordable. Smooth UI Thinner than expected and feels good in hands. overall experince with Flipkart is always good.
I bought it couple of months of ago. I thought it would be best time to review it. As always flipkart service is awesome. Coming to the mobile. Really cool mobile to handle. yes it is really cool. First worried about dual core processor but now i realize i can play most of the high end games except subway surfers. Yes i agree some games are costly to buy but it stands for evers. 8GB of Internal storage is way enough. Camera for 7k is the best I can say but lack of LED but for 7K it is the best buy phone. Those who are bored with android can surely go with this one. You will experience the best feel of windows too.
If you wanna do things in a different way with trust of Nokia, go for this phone. I bet you're gonna love all its features all the way. Jus go with it
ear Friends, I have read almost all the reviews on Flipkart about Nokia Lumia series and i have found that some folks have put hate reviews out of their hatred for Microsoft or WP. However, there are 99% positive reviews regarding Nokia Lumia WP8 devices. I would like to congratulate all those people who have shown thier love and trust in Nokia devices. I am a android user currently (HTC 2.3 GingerBread model) and recently gifted my wife Nokia Lumia 520(Red color) device as she loved the design and lively colors of Lumia as well as WP8 Interface.After spending the past 5-6 days on NL 520, I am in love with WP8 and Lumia series, so moved with the total experience,plan to buy NL 920. I liked Android but here's the difference: 1) The design and body language of Lumia and WP says "WoW, Joy, Happiness etc whereas the design and body language of android devices says "BORING". 2) Android feels like Linux of yester-years which is too geeky and WP feels like Windows Xp or 7 or 8 or in simple terms fun in doing things/ enjoyable. 3) WP store has quality apps which you would actually use in day to day life whereas Android is full of crappy, ad-based apps which not only irritate but u would simply uninstall after single use. 4) Nokia means Durability, Service, Trust etc whereas Samsung(and other android manufacturers) means Big Plastic Phones, Non-Durable, Million dollar ads induced popularity, Ugly After-Sales service etc.
A very good product .. very fast delivery by flipkart . thanks.. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.................................
I have used this product since 12 days & till so far it is good to use as compare to other android handsets under
Lumia 520 is a best series phone in low cost and it also support WP8. video quality is 10 times better than any same range phone. proper navigation property with offline HERE map saves data waste. must buy it.
gud many features are very useful for me ................awesome phone i love it......................
i thought buy a phone for my father since most of his office friends accompanies smart phones. i think windows 8.0 is very good operating system and snap dragon processor it has angry birds , my talking tom , temple run 1and 2 all are free games the device runs very smoothly and a faster delivery by flipkart but the ekart courier for our locality mr. v. srinath says that i will not come to your home instead out of our colony very bad in that . thank you.
Restrictions are due to windows platform. Nokia does a decent job in packing quality hardware. Could have been better with flash and more RAM. Nevertheless it's a phone that does what it's expected to do. Nokia music subscription is a big plus.Hardware as such is pretty good.
nokia lumia 520 is best.It's always better to review a product you have used.Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and cons of the product.Let your personality shine through. But its equally important to provide facts to backup your opinions.
It's a good phone for anyone who wants to join the Windows Mobile OS brigade. Very well built. Nice design language and a crisp display make it a great buy at this price. Power users should look towards other models as this can get the basics done quite well and that's it. Camera is quite decent and the phone handles most routine apps with considerable ease.
this mobile is best in category compared to Samsung and Sony Ericsson; nice features; no hanging; physical strength is a bit low... body comes out easily out of the back case even on a light-simple fall..
I used this phone for only one month and I'm loving it. This smartphone has all facilities, except high profile hardware like 10+ megapixels camera and 1GB ram. But it doesn't make any sense. This smartphone can do All that things compared to latest windows phone with high configuration. If you are buying any
I am a bit of a geek & a mobile freak. Well, WINDOWS & NOKIA really did disappoint me. NOKIA is known for its built qualilty, which I didn't find in this product. Next MICROSOFT is known for many things but actually for its user friendliness. But WINDOWS mobile or WINDOWS 8 mobile is not that friendly. NO FILE BROWSER, NO GOOD MUSIC PLAYER etc. Even battery is average. Not as friendly and flexible as ANDROID. Moreover, among numerous apps I find a lack of quality apps and really useful apps. Below my expection (specially when it NOKIA & MICROSOFT combo) and not as good as ANDROIDS. MICROSOFT has still lot to learn from Android and admit the power of Open Source
Awesome phone Pros: 1. Best in this price range 2. Smooth and accurate in the keyboard section Only one thing I would wish this phone would have is more RAM. Atleast 1 GB RAM was required. Most of the good game requires 1gb of ram which I feel lacks in this mobile. But, this is the phone for Microsoft lovers! Go get it!
exclent phone from nokia and no android phones will have no chance to compair with thisssssssssssssssssssss lumia 520!!!!!! nice screen and also for gaming its very good then samsung and all other phone!!!!!!!!!!! before this ph i have samsung galaxy grand that is better but samsung will no change in the screen and sofware and also options ! i get bore to use that android ph then i buy this ph superb ph ! cam also very nice for videos !!!!!!!!!!!! thanku flipkart for delivery in 3 days!!!!!!
The Lumia 520 looks good, it's got a decent screen, works fine, it's great for calls and messaging and might it just be the best entry level Windows Phone handset you can buy. However, build quality could have been better!
I must say that Windows phone is much better than Android... I used both... Android hang too much... About Lumia 520 : My requirement is not so much and 520 full fill it... You can try this..
gud budget windows phone, value for money, quick delivery by flipkart, only one thing missing is this phone is flash light other wise its a gud one
The product was running smoothly just after the installation.After a week I found it just a little bit slow in processing. Major issue is less battery backup, that really irritating me . morning fully charged goes switch off in the evening. Please do some needful.
Good windows phone away from the android world. Nice body finish and touch screen. and very much in budget in flipkart.
it's really nice and useful for me, great one from nokia mobiles, best performance so coooooooooooooooool
Many think that Windows Phone is not good, But its absolutely wrong. ----> The no of apps in the apps store are increasing day by day. ---->the phone will get Windows 8.1 update so that you can talk to your new girlfriend Cortona!!. ---->Even if you work with two or more apps parallel its not lagging at all. ---->You will also get 3 months free Nokia Music subscription. So that you can enjoy unlimited downloads of full songs with just 1MB. ---->Camera is pretty decent. ---->No front Cam is the only drawback. ---->Decent battery life for the whole day, when connected with Wi-fi for couple of hours ****Overall the good phone, If you want to use phones other than Android then you should end here if you are in a Low Budget****
It's my first Windows phone.Many people asked me not to buy windows phone because it's not user friendly.But I didn't face any problem using this phone and been around two weeks since I bought this phone and I am loving it!But only one thing which I don't like about this phone is the battery life...If the battery life was longer,it would have been better!
A lot of people have been crying over Windows Phone, saying all sorts of thing. Basically, people can't get adjusted to a new OS that fast. If it were Apple iPhone, they'd be saying all praises just because that's the in things. So yeah don't listen to them. Here are the facts: I bought this in December 2013. It was smooth and I could easily personalize the way I wanted to without any hassles and waiting time. The Live Tiles are very nice and most of the time I don't even have to browse through app list that often, cuz whatever I want to see, I put it on my home screen:) Now, since Windows Phone does not allow third party applications to access its system, you practically cannot mess around. You simply can't screw up the OS no matter how. So there is no chance of any virus or bullshit. DO sign up for Preview For Developers. It will give you all the Windows updates which are commercially available. I got Windows Phone 8.1 very soon and was extremely happy how much they have improved. The RAM and processing speed are fine. Those who complaint about it should be ignored, because everyone treats their phone in their own way. They just feel awkward to have a Windows Phone when all their friends have Android or iOS. Yes, the heavy games like Asphalt 8 *might* crash while multitasking, but hey, that's known issue in Dual Core Processors. All in all, if you want to love your phone, then go for it, or any Lumia you like. If you wanna screw around rooting system, then buy an Android. And this the the perfect time to buy Lumia cuz Cortana is released in US as beta, which you can download through Preview for Developers. So thats something which has beaten pretty much everything:D
520 for Lumia is what Alto is for Maruti. No nonsense, easy to use, great on the pocket (in more ways than one) and very practical. it's the most bought phone in the Lumia range with least complaints. The verdict is very clear.
its been 3 months and i got many problem in between. 512 ram is good for nothing.... only few apps are running smoothly :( but i am satisfied with camera quality. i should have waited for moto E :(
I have been using this phone from past 7 months. And here are my reviews on Lumia 520 :) Pros: 1. Superior design at this price range. (I hate curvy edged phones) 2. Nokia Music is best for music lovers. (free for a period of 3 months only and post 57rs/month). 3. Screen is superb and touch is so smooth, runs like butter. 4. When it comes to Camera, it has 5MP without flash and camera is just fine. I have clicked nice quality photos from this one. 5. Battery is decent. Lasts upto a full day with heavy usage and 1.5 days with 'not so heavy' use. 6. Internet explorer (Browser) works perfectly which is awesome. Switching from one tab to another is easy and nice. 7. Nokia maps (HERE MAPS) are accurate which helped me a lot while i travelled to new places. 8. MS office is very handy. Works great. Excel, word etc.. 9. Though having a 512 MB RAM, it delivers a satisfactory performance. Almost all apps run smoothly. 10. Speakers are awesome, pretty loud. You won't have a problem while in a call or listening music. Cons: 1. Earlier, I had a aproblem with volume control buttons. But rectified after update 3 (black update). 2. Does not play many video formats like mkv, flv, dat etc and to play files of these formats, you need to download players like MOLIPLAYER PRO or VLC, etc. And these are not free. 3. Not more apps developped if compared to android OS, which is the main drawback of WINDOWS PHONE OS. 4. Earphones are worst. But works great with earphones like Sony, Samsung, Skull Candy etc. I basically needed a phone with basic smartphone features. And Lumia 520 has satisfied me in all aspects I was concerned about. Priced under 8k, this cute phone is value for money. :)
phone is perfectly fine, no question about it. but flipkart committed a cashback discount of 10% which is not yet credited to my account. Giving one star for this reason only.
great experience with facilities, simply a great quality and service. I recommended this product to everyone, who willing to purchase online product.
awesme pn.......really love it....thanks nokia...plzz develop apps as android and i phone..then no one can defeat u...:)
After Moto E was released, I am feeling that i am trapped with this nonsense widows based Nokia Lumia 520
lumia series are amazing among all kind of people, now this is the one of the best lumia phones with lesser apps, super stylish, nice touch sensibility!! best phone inside the low budget!!! :-)
This is all over a very good configured phone And friendly to use At this Price it is very hard to get such a android cell with windos 8configaration :)
For this price i give 5stars to nokia.i used nokia lumia 820 before this the difference between this and that is camera and ram only.it works at great speed.for normal use it is very useful.i like this mobile at this price?
I bought the mobile 2 months back(i purchased it from a local dealer). After using it for 1 month there was some problem with the music player. Recently my phone rigntone quality has detoriated a lot nd I am not able to recieve the incoming calls P.S- I am very dissapointed by the service of nokia and would stringly recommend others to not to buy this handset
I have used the phone for more than 2 months and is good for rough use compared to other smart phones. Its apps are not so user friendly. The windows operating system disappoints than with the Android OS.The phone excels in call quality. Phone Call Quality - 4/5 User Interface - 3/5 Handling - 4/5 Music - 4/5 Camera - 3.5/5 Windows OS - 2/5 Bluetooth Connectivity - 2.5/5
pros: Camera and Video recording is too good Best at this price Cons: Battery could have been 2400mah. As 1450mah will not stand for more than a day.
If you want to buy this, do not think a lot and just go for it, it's better than any android phone under 20k
Camera not good for taking picture specially at night and even at daylight. Except this, every thing perfect at this price.
it is a good phone.... with in under 10 thousand windows os makes me better way of browsing :) :) :) variety of Camera sequenses help me to take photos frequently without any hesitation.. the color of this phone is stylish matte Black gives me a standard in a group...
This phone is nothing better than shit... Bad touch pad. Phone stucks most of the time mostly when answering calls. So I suggest not to buy this damn mobile.
Nokia as always sturdy with best of the class battery life. Works without a lag as compared to this segment android phone. Go for it!
1.Nice looks and light weight 2.Stay online everytime with whats apps install 3.Price affordable 4.Good back up and strong battery 5.High visibility
I bought this phone for 7600 and it has been worth every rupee. The screen is good for the price, however the viewing angles are not great. The phone is slim and feels good in the hanf ever though it sometimes feels plasticy and cheap; Processor is fast and zippy and handles windows phone 8 really well. The ram is a let down as it cannot open more than 5 apps at a time. Overall, it is a great phone for the price If you can spend a couple thousand more, go in for the lumia 630 or even 525. And if looking for android, go in for moto e or moto g. both great phones, will not dissapoint.
I have used it more that 6 months. Good OS and need to add more apps and settings. As it is selfie season, I miss the Front camera. :-( . Also 512MB ram is not enough for a smartphone. Rest all things are good.
Guys beware as usual Nokia/Microsoft is trying to push a crappy product!! The buttons stop wotking on the right side both the power and volume ones.. I bought this phone from flipkart 6 months back and I hate it why I bought it... crap phone
Using it for more than six months now. I would not recommend this phone due to following reasons. a. Battery behavior is very inconsistent. (without Wifi / data connection being ON, battery drains in steady state alarmingly). Sometimes battery standby time will be more than 2 days surprisingly. b. Phone's touch screen hangs at times for no reason (after being kept idle for long). Need to restart to bring it back (usual Microsoft recovery mechanism) c. Screen remains blank for few seconds when you are about to end the call. This leads to IDLE calling time of 4-5 seconds before you really End the call. d. Most of the commonly knows Apps like WhatsApp do not run well on this phone.
Gr8 phone for my father's usage.. Limited Apps he uses.. Phone has good battery backup and Nice interface
Best buy for the amount I spent. Standard phone and user friendly too....however it takes some time getting used to windows UI.... Camera not that good but fine.
Excellent Product.The main features of this handset over other handsets at the same price are:- 1. More Memory 2. 5MP Camera 3. Easy UI The main problems are:- 1. Not easily customizable like Android 2. No Flash 3. No Front Camera If u are a Windows fan then I would suggest u to buy this phone. If u require easy customization, Flash, Front Camera then Samsung Galaxy S Duos would be a better choice.
A very good phone. Windows OS looks great. Lots of very good apps are there. Most of gaming apps are there. Camera is good. Touch screen in great. Speaker is very good,plays music at good sound level. And 8 GB internal memory gives you a lot of space for your apps without need for a new sd card.
For the people who are just irritated by the hang and lag problems of android market go for it.. U would get d best user interface at this price of 7.3k its actually a stealth.. For those who are confused by talks of people telling u cannot use it and no basic options they are wrong u ll get addicted to this within a week... Snapdragon s4 does its job no comments on camera where third party apps would make u a photographer l.. Bit disappointed with d battery backup drains up soon only if u play high end games.. Nokia music a boon for music lovers i have used galaxy core but i would suggest go for this or 620 if u need a flash n front facing.. Nokia gives u d best for ua money go for it.
I purchased this phone for my sister who recently completed her college. This is her first entry in smartphone world. The reason I purchased this phone for her... 1. She has already used my Lumia 925 so she is familiar with the interface. 2. She was using a 3 year old Micromax Android phone and hated its battery life and interface. She wanted to leave Android. 3. This phone doesn't lag or gets slow like Android phones under ??? 10k. 4. More hard disk space then any Android phone in this price range. 5. Good enough camera. Not the best due to lack of LED flash but it will do for her needs. I have installed Windows Phone 8.1 Preview with all the updates on it which bring Android like notification centre which is something she is familiar with so that is good for her. Now with Windows Phone 8.1 you can install all apps in SD card unlike Android where you can only move app data to SD card. I have purchased a 16 GB Class 10 Sandisk MicroSD card and now everything goes in it. Due to this the internal memory of phone remains free and there is no issue of constant writes on the HD to make it slow. The battery life on 3G is good. It works fine for 1 day and she can recharge the phone at night. Overall, this is a good phone for anyone to get into the smartphone eco system. It doesn't cost much, it has a proven OS, all apps which a newcomer needs are available for it.
No battery backup as well mobile quality ,,,,,, mobile is good for smart user, have good looking, features, camera and video suiting , all in single pocket in low price,,,,,,,
cam not perfect. no file explorer ., n access to pdf files and other downloads from aotside ie thru pc
Friends its good phone in this low price display large camera bindaas, sound bindaas,
Camera Clarity not there and Battery backup also not good.signal frequency good. So many apps is there
Using it from past 4 months......i must say its a very good phone and in same aspects better than android... SUPERB DESIGN GOOD LOOKS LIGHT N THIN....Easy to carry Windows OS working Like a breeze... Over all....A good BUY
One of the best mobile phone within the ₹10,000 range. lots of app and games, camera is good but compromised by LED flash. gaming is awesome.
Android is much better OS. this windows phone os sucks, apps are slow, poor performance, no notification panel, I used it for 4 months got irritated by poor apps perfomance mainly Whatsapp then sold it on olx. Only pro thing Nokia mix radio doesn't work anymore
I would recommand this product since it is a product that worth money we spending it.eventhough some features are missing such as action centre,it is soon become avalable in windows 8.1 update. one of the main attraction of the phone is the design of the phone is impressive.
I get Nokia Lumia 520 in only 2 day The Excellent Customer Service of flipkart This Phone is awesome with good features No defect in product
I am using same since few months. Nokia is awesome in Windows Phone !!! Not any issue observed til date.
hi I bought this phone from local shop and after a few days the phone started to give many minor problems like switching off automatically,games were not working properly and many more but I like nokia coz when I complained against the phone was replaced it with in 2 days
nokia lumia 520 is a very good mobile phone.it wil be very helpful when we wnet to a new place or a new country.even though there is no signal it wil help us to find the maps
The phone is very handy and the response is pretty good. Good Value for Money. The phone looks is very nice. Value for Money with the Brand Nokia.
I have presented it for my dad and he is happy for what he have got. its a very good product for people those who don't use high performance games because it has less RAM but compared to other phones that have it gives best performance within that...... only lag in this phone is there is no different volume control for Ringtone and Media. if you reduce media volume it will automatically reduce ringtone sound........... Best thing is clarity of pics it take........
Totally satisfied with the performance, clarity of screen, interface and over all features...
I hated it from the day one. And the main reason was lack of Apps available on its nearly vacant app store...not a single good news reader not even file manager(WP 8.1 does have file manager ...dont know why it took them so long to provide Simple File manager )..even top app developer dont care about WP. you will get latest apps late here on wp8 or you dont get them here at all! and updates for apps are also rare. I hardly used this brick since i bought it and now fortunately switching to Android again... Will not buy WP8 products ever again. I would suggest you to Buy Moto E or G instead...much better .
lumia 520 is best economic windows phone.The draw back of the phone is its ram 512 mb,we cant play temple run2 .
Nokia Lumia 520 - Black It is an awesome device. Great speed while exploring apps. Great touch sensor and brilliant performance. I selected this after a lot of study and comparison between nokia, Samsung, Sony and I found best as Lumia 520 in this specification and price range. Was this review helpful to you? Yes | No
Fantastic product. I am a bb and iphone user, bought this for wife. Found it better than my iphone! Worth every penny, only the camera is aa bit stupid
Writing review after using this product for more than six months. This mobile is really good one. The display, speed, camera, touch and sound clarity are really good and worth the price. The only problem is in battery. Last max for one day. I would recommend this product.
lumia 520 s over heating mobile when u play game 10 minutes continuosly it got very much high temperature around the camera but the other performance are very good camera clarity s superb and after 8.1 update apps and games install in SD card. The main drawback s very very very over heating and i use this mobile around 11 months. It s only suitable for cool climate areas.I give 5 stars where it s not heating.It s heat after 45 minutes of browsing and performance s very goo.The "Nokia Camera Beta" app makes the camera clarity very high when compare to normal camera app
IT IS SIMPLY TRUE VALUE FOR MONEY...THE CAMERA IS AWESOME AND OVERALL USER EXPERIENCE IS SMOOTH. WINDOWS OS IS FRESH,ELEGANT AND BEAUTIFUL AND A WELCOME BREAK FROM ANDROID.
Good product at this price range. I wanted a simple phone for my relative. The product is quite good and I am quite satisfied.
Good product.... we have used this mobile, it's working fine... And good camera quality and also display quality.... good looking smart phone at cheapest price......
pros: camera very good in natural light browsing speed awesome solid built cons: you cant share anything downloaded from you tube a little bit complex in getting used to i.e. not user friendly
Brought this Nokia Lumia 520 yesterday. Got delivered before the expected delivery date. A nice cool phone to hang out with. Good Battery performance. Nice and slim-trim look(i'm using this phone without any cover). Good touch response. Clear and sharp screen. Good quality speakers. Altogether, a very good product as compared to other this range handsets. Worthy, go for it..
A good mobile at lost cost. But the main draw back is that it consist of 5 mega pixel and doent have a flash light, then remaining it is good.
I bought this mobile before a month ago, it works fine, I love its elegant look and lightweight...it fits the palm well, Pros: 1.interface 2.signal reception 3.Internal memory 4.touch response 5.all apps and games are running without any lags and hangs 6.specially dedicated phone for facebookers 7.camera is awesome Cons 1.I'm very disappointed against its file explorer,its never have a file manager... 2.sharing files through Bluetooth is not user friendly.. 3.some development required for the phones notification area.. 4.windows os is not a alternative OS for android but I love this phone!
The mobile is awesome and had great features to explore ,but nokia restricts to use other apps which were of freeware for security reasons
Though the nokia phones are a bit pricey, but the hardware used by them are the best. Even if the screen is cracked the phone still works, unlike samsung or any other brands. Lumia 520 is good, small, and fulfills all the basic requirements. I will give 5 star as it gives this much only for 7k. Cons: Overheats on heavy net use or while playing games (when outside temp. was around 40deg it may not happen in winters).
I bought it for my mom last month..Till now mobile is in a good condition..Hope it will be..:) But earphone is giving some problem(speaker is not proper) .. Finally, And I loved the flipkart's fast delivery service.. Keep doing the gud service...;) Thank you....:D
the product is perfect. Flipkart did a good job, delivered in 2 days prior to deadline........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
If you are planning to buy a smartphone at 7k which works smoothly with apps then lumia is the best choice. But if you are still interested in android and its wide range of apps then check out Moto E. You must also be patient enough to buy Moto E.
I am using Lumia 520 since last 6 months. I purchased it from Flipkart. This Lumia 520 provides far more than its price. As far as OS is concerned Windows 8 is working better than android, no lags at all. Windows app store provide all valuable apps, it just not provide crappy apps which were found in google play. Overall, its a best smartphone in this price.
This is pretty good for people who need a smart phone with minimal clutter. Although Windows Phone is not totally great, the sturdiness of Nokia gives this phone an edge over other similar priced phones.
I bought this phone before 1 year.its good to internet usage and we can handle it hardly.camera is also very good.
mat lena garam ho jaata h saala... charge krte hue fn jyada krte hue battery back up bhi kam h.................................................................................................................................................
1. Overall Very good phone. Have become fan of Lumia. 2. enough RAM and good camera quality 3. No hang problem. sometimes hangs a little bit while playing Temple Run 2 4. As usual flipkart service is best.
Yesterday I got delivery of Nokia Lumia 520 from flipkart for my wife and I was quite excited about the phone. But, after using it one day, I am quite disappointed with the product. The windows techie guy need to do something to do it better. The main drawback is: You cant choose 3G only network mode, while this is available in low range android phone also. Due to unavailability of this feature you cant use your mobile data internet because it always wll run on 2G mode anly, as 2G signal is stronger than 3G one. I am very disappointed with the product and never going to buy another WP in future. Before buying consider this drawback.
It;s been approx. two months using lumia 520 & i had overall good experience with phone... there are pro & cons but overall a good package in itself. Pros:- Sleek,good performance as per specifications,Camera quality amazing,good touch response,Wifi,here maps and lot more. Cons:- Single mini sim lack of flash light. Some Apps can;t be downloaded ( Call recorder,Compass, High end games etc) Faced prob. with internet sharing twice but found solution on microsoft site. Hanged once or twice.
Good Phone for smart budget.. These are Major Cons.. Charger Gets heated during charging No flash player No flash Light No secondary Cam
Good connection speed even u use 2G internet. OK product for 7299. it will get a little hot while playing games. other wise it is really nice one. Battery backup is good it comes more than 1.5 days even if u access internet.
nokia lumia 520 is a very goodphone.. hardware may be the best in the range,there is little "hang" problem.display is also the best in the range, very crispy.. but shortcoming is not of this phone actually, it is of all windows phone..there is no file viewer, so you cant see the files' details properly.. you wont find any file locker/app locker software in the store...bluetooth is not much user friendly...you cant share the downloaded videos...
All Good except Battery. It drain very fast. If battery is half in night. It becomes totally drained in morning.
Its a miracle by nokia. why it is a miracle? -Touch -Camera in daylight -Superfast processor -No lags -Roaring speakers -MS office -Keyboard -Pretty awesm battery -Nokia music for 3 months ............Why its not a miracle for view? -Limited apps- qualitative apps -Some people really dont how to use the hot girl -Its doesnt play all video formats (Download moliplayer- Click on try- 1 month limited license, Later on U hv to pay 160 bucks, it can play all formats, 1080p too) !!Conclusion: -Right now there is a bad boy in the market- MOTO E So, Lumia 520 is definitely VFM and budget oriented phone. Its upto u to choose between 520 and moto E, both are best of best!
Nice Product, But Go for Android, i feeling windows is not that good as android. Android is far better than windows phone.
An excellent phone for the price. I used several Andriod phones but this one is really special. After a very long time I again went back to buying a Nokia phone and did not get disappointed.
After review window software i realize its just waste of money . bad User interface. No good notification system like android. most of things are paid Don't waste Money on garbage/Virus. better to buy android/Ubuntu/Linux based phone.
I have been using this phone for a year now. The quality of the product is simply amazing. The experience of using this phone has been just delightful. Always trust Nokia. :)
MY LCD is ok bus display got broken automatically one I have taken it out from my pocket first it Hung,I ignored it but after some time I found my phone display is broken,I heard same problem from some other people also so be careful before purchasing........
I bought this phone for my brother. Switching from android to windows is not easy, especially if you are an app lover. Windows doesn't have the wide range of apps like android has but yes in terms of built quality, performance and durability, the lumia 520 can beat any phone in the same range. 4 star from me. 1 star less because of the lower apps availability.
We purchased this phone for our daughter and it is the first non android phone that we have bought. Looks wise its great, much better than the others in the same price range. Performance wise too it does pretty well with excellent display and awesome touch. Perhaps the only major drawback is that it doesn't have a front camera....in this age of selfies that's a serious flaw! Flipkart as usual outstanding on delivery.
First windows 8..am using live mail id..and microsoft cloud platform..one laptop with windows 8 and a Nokai lumia 520 will take your life into extreme level and the technologies will make your world so short..am managing my business and my job and my personal everything in a single place--> nokia lumia 520..Simply the Best..Once you started to use Nokia lumia and windows 8 you will throw android away...
Phone is very good I love this phone very good very good Hanji very good ok then very good so that very good that's why very good it's ok but it's very good ok then bby take care so that it's very good
i had Lost my money ... do;t wast ur money by buying this or any nokia phone . buy any chain mobile but Say Big No to Nokia Company ...
I BUYED NOKIA LUMIA IN FLIPKART... ITS AWESOME PHONE ..COMPARE TO SAMSUNG G TREND ITS THE BEST PHONE :) GO FOR IT.. :) AND YOU FEEL COMFORT AND LUXURY .. :) bEST pHONE iN NOKIA :)
Go for it!!! But buy black so that you can save some more money. Plus: Wonderful looks Good performance No lagging Good battery life Navigation - It helps a lot while driving Windows 8 - Surely better than android in performance but the app count is less though it is more than enough. 8 GB inbuilt memory and we can expand it as well. All of the above it is NOKIA. The most trusted brand. Minus: No Secondary camera Could have been a 1 GB RAM phone. Not good for High End games (of course you cannot expect that at this price) Less applications. (But we have more than enough applications)
Whatever I say here doesn't matter. The product is the best VFM package, before may be moto e came into picture
I bought this phone 1 year back and was happy with the performance. The 1-year warranty completed in the month of April-14 and the phone stopped working in May-14. I consulted Nokia Care and they said there is a problem with the motherboard and it cannot be repaired. I regret buying this Nokia phone. Thank you, Aurobindo Sahoo
These observations pertains to Nokia Lumia 520 only. I don’t know if the same applies to other models too. Cannot find the SDCard in explorer. There is nothing like a window explorer, in the first place, where I can browse the SDCard. Cannot browse the SDCard to select a ring tone. Wow! Isn’t that cute! Loose contact at the USB Terminal; the pin itself is substandard; as it is hard to pull out when you want to. Charger pins (on the wall end) are meant for Persian Gulf / UK specs (flat pins) and not compatible with Indian wall sockets. No indication that the phone is connected to the pc No visual or other indications of missed calls / messages etc. Cannot copy and paste into the music folder Not compatible with nokia suite or ovi When connected to PC running windows xp, it gives a message “connected through non compatible mode” and hence the pc failed to detect the phone! Hilarious that a windows phone is not compatible with windows. During the so called data transfer through bluetooth, it copied all the contacts but did not copy even a single SMS. Repeating the process can be hazardous, as it tends to again copy and duplicate all the contacts. Deleting the contacts can be a tedious job as you cannot “select all” for deleting or for any other operation. Deleting has to be done on at a time. Cannot copy messages through Bluetooth. Half baked apps; I get the feeling. True caller is not user friendly (does not pop up when there is incoming call). Whatsapp is not user friendly (unlike android version) In Whatsapp, one cannot browse the phone / SDcard to select files or images. I regret switching from my android handset. Then there is this “windowsphonedotcom” where you can access your phone. But backing up your contacts /messages is impossible. I wonder how this site is useful for the phone user. Camera is not user friendly. I did not try the music and moves section. There are numerous other drawbacks. I have mentioned few for now. I can’t understand how any user can give a favorable review to this absolutely useless phone.
Simply wonderful :) awesom :) gr8 service flipkart :) wonderful mobile with all the necessary features.. It doesnt have flash..But for non-photo crazies,this mobile is a good go.
I had brought it in February but it's service is not good.Sound is not clear.Battery backup is very bad.
I got this phone at 7650 INR from Flipkart. After using this for two months, I am writing this review. While there are a lot of cheap options available now a days for android users, it is the best entry level Windows Phone 8 handset that you can buy and certainly the best value for money. Though it lacks some important features (mentioned in the cons section), it exceeds expectations in most other areas. Pros: 1. Super cheap 2. Large, expansive screen 3. Smooth usage 4. Loads of innovation options 5. Camera performs better than expectations Cons: 1. No front-facing camera or flash light 2. Average battery 3. No NFC or compass
I received the phone by the deadline given by Flipkart and it looks good. My request to flipkart is not to give free data of Airtel as it is of no use but frustates the user. When I started using the new phone with airtel I was being charged for internet usage despite having 500MB data free. Not willing to pay charges, I de-activated the internet services on my phone. One day after, I received an sms that I have 500MB data free. This time airtel says I cannot use it again as I de-activated the services. Airtel is fraud!!! Avoid it please
It is best selling windows mobile. 512 Mb RAM is enough for a windows based system, I never felt any further RAM requirement. The touch is smooooth, interface is suberbb. Only primary camera, quality is average. Processor - average. Battery backup - can work for 2 days under normal usage. Experienced some rare hang issue, once in 15 days. At a price of 7- 7.5K, its worth. I bought it @9200. Handle with care, spare parts are too costly. I have to pay approx 3k for touch panel.
everything is good except the speed. Becomes little slower sometimes . There is also problem with the apps, most of the good apps are not free in windows store.
i purchased Nokia Lumia 520 and it not working and it is restarting freqently and swited off, i dont know what's problem.
applications installing bad and whatsapp not working is very bad my love is gone is very bad phone applications installing bad and whatsapp not working is very bad my love is gone is very bad phone applications installing bad and whatsapp not working is very bad my love is gone is very bad phone applications installing bad and whatsapp not working is very bad my love is gone is very bad phone
Android was becoming to bring as far as the UI was concerned. Windows Phone has changed the UI/UX paradigm completely. Yes, there are still plenty of improvements required in terms of usability. But no matter how much people hate Microsoft/Windows Phone, IMHO this is one of the most promising Mobile OS's. Nokia Hardware + Windows Phone 8 is a great combination to work on. I have waited for more than 3-4 months to write this review. I believe Lumia 520 is not in market any more (there's Lumia 525 instead), just go for it guys, it's a good bet!
very Good as far as this budget is concerned and this mobile phone is also working fine Thank you
Pros - Stable Cons - Touch behaves weirdly some time (Might be i got faulty set) Battery is not that great, even with Wi-fi and 2g turnedoff it takes lot of power. Overall a good budget phone
lot of services are missing and SD card and Phone memory not working properly in all windows phone OS so windows phone OS not fulfilled. so don't buy any windows Phone OS mobile for right now. because they have lot of problems. so this is not the time to use this.
First of all Flipkart is best. The delivery & packaging was also very good. Writing this review after two months usage. Total 8/10. Pros: 1. Camera is good, low light is also good.(10/10) 2. Touch is good.(9/10) 3. Processor is good, does not hang that much.(9/10) 4. All apps like watsapp, temple run, subway surfers..etc. run well.. 5. U get only about 4 GB of internal memory usage the other is used by the system itself. Cons: 1. The battery backup is worst, if u use internet or play some games the battery drains really fast though it has a battery saver app. 2. Some times if ur using any apps for more than 10 min it closes by itself & comes to start especially games.. 3. U cant customize as u can in android phones. 4. The ram is only 512 mb, if ur a gamer u wont like this.. 5. The store is also worst it dosent have all the apps. 6. Then the maps is also not good as it is HERE maps. They would hav given google maps its best. HERE maps is not good. Totally a budget phone for light users...
NOKIA LUMIA 520 is a very very impressive phone to look at in the first glance. But once you start using it u know what it actually is. At such a price it keeps on getting hanging on a regular basis. The battery back up of a fairly normal use is horrible. Recurring costs are too high to afford for budget phones.
it feel so right in my hand and this is the phone for those who want to use first windows phone.
Windows phones are designed for people, not wannabe techies. I'm enjoying my windows phone experience thanks to integrated one drive, Microsoft office and built in integration with other windows products. Waiting for windows 8.1 update and Cortana!
nice product by Nokia. But there is a problem of warming of phone from the back side near camera. The major drawback: There is no secondary camera !!!!! I am using windows based phone first time but it is overall good experience with Nokia Lumia 520.
I am super happy with this phone. The home screen is fantastic looking and it has excellent features for its price. A must buy. The camera could be better though, but one can download an app for that so no problem. Love it!
Excellent phone.. you will get the less price at other web site also rather than flipkart, but its your choice to go for them or not. I have a trust on flipkart. Phone is delivered before the delivery day..... but it could be delivered one day earlier the courier person said he couldnot able to find the home...... lol. Phone is in good condition no scratch. Thanks to flipkart for this good service.
The Lumia 520 looks good, it's got a decent screen, it rarely stutters or slows down, it's great for calls and messaging and might it just be the best entry level Windows Phone handset you can buy.
The phone is good. It looks rich. But there are few drawbacks. The Windows Store is full of paid apps which are available free in Play Store. There is no file manager. But all in all this phone is good. I prefer lumia because android devices are more prone to virus. and this phone runs with no lag. So,if you can compromise a little bit and want a more secure phone.Just go for this.
I have received this product after the delivery date mentioned by flipkart. The phone is really good but the problem when you turn on the phone it takes almost a minute to appear the screen for which u get frustrated other wise the phone is great.
HI, i bought it from flipkart its a very good mobile with limited feature.windows 8 is now coming in market with some basic features but in 8.1 they have some of the dynamic updates available which you can avail in mid june 2014. all over phone is good for basic users with 512 ram its running all the apps very smoothly. all over its a value for money.
Fast delivery and i received the item before delivery date... Original piece and sealed.. Good packing in good condition of the Item...All in all Very good experience with Flipkart...Thank u Team
I bough this phone 6 months ago. On the first day, I wanted to insert the SIM card. So I pried opening the back cover. There was a mild crunch and I could see the LCD cracked at the top. The phone refused to accept any touch inputs. Took it to Nokia and they replaced the LCD charging me 3k. So this phone which should have cost me 9k ended up 12k. You need to handle this like handling an egg. Fragile. It doesn't have the usual build quality of Nokia. It is a major deal breaker. But it works with reasonable speed showing little lag. Windows OS has a plus side: they keep updating the OS every few months. The battery lasts about a day with Wifi and lasts about 3 days with no wifi/BT. The camera is basic with no flash. Only reason I opted for this phone was for its Here Maps and Here Drive. It comes with this unique app for navigation. I know Androids have Google Map - but you need to have connectivity to use the Google Map. This Nokia Here Map downloads a complete Map for India and is available offline. In essence it makes your Nokia phone a personal navigator with its map. It has a free update for the maps. I have a Garmin PND but I need to pay around 3k to get a yearly update for my model.
This smartfone is literally the father of all budget smartfones ... Awesome designing by Nokia ... Sleek ... Sexy Finish ... Fabulous Touch Screen ... And as always, the best Nokia Camera ... I compared the images of my fone with those of XOLO Q800 having 8MP camera, but I found mine was a better and clear image with no disturbances and without blur ... There are many apps by Nokia like Nokia Smart Cam, Nokia Camera, Nokia Smart Cam, Nokia Cinemagraph, Nokia Panorama, and Blink which help a lot in capturing images in different situations .... There is no front camera, but since I have a Lappy, I didn't need it ... The 512 MB RAM makes the work flow smoother, but u can't run heavy apps simultaneously.... But u can run heavy apps smoothly without any disturbance ... The Camera button adds to all ... The phone is the best in its range ... If I were in your place, I would have already pressed the Buy Now button ... Good Luck
In this segment this is one of the best phones..The only downside is the camera..Flipkart has always kept its competitors at bay by providing the best deals and service to its customers..
I've pre ordered this phone for 7.5k & got delivered in 3days thanks flipkart for their service. pros #excellent design #good camera working excellent in day #no lag while playing games and surfing #easy to use #Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on #Offline maps with Nokia Here works smoothly #free nokia music of less memory song cons #back cover design need to be improved #top back of phone gets heated on long use #paid apps irritates #no high end game due to 512 mb RAM #less apps than android this mobile is very good buy it u wont regret.......
Pros: 1. Awesome build quality from Nokia. 2.Super Sensitive Scratch Resistance Display 3.One of the best 5MP camera on the market 4.Premium OS from Microsoft 5.No lag what so ever 6. 8GB internal storage 7. S4+ dual core snapdragon processor 8. Great gaming Experience Cons: 1. No flash >> For those who don't know lumia 520 is getting Windows Phone 8.1 update and Temple Run 2 is also available for 512MB ram.
its more than two months..since I am using this phone....worth buying...good display...good speed and more specifically good camera with the price tag
Screen is good, product is nice. I like the Lumia concept and it seems it's bug free as well compared to other OS....
I had just bought the Nokia Lumia 520. It is really a great budget phone from Nokia. It is working propoerly till now. I want to say about the service of flipkart, their service was amazing. I frequently purchased different items from different online merchants, among them Flipkart is number one. Whatever I purchased from this online merchant they really satisfy me.
This was purchased for my Mom on account of Mothers Day. Lumia 520 is really a brilliant device. As this was to be gifted to Mom, I wanted a simple, durable and speedy device for which Nokia along with Windows 8 (Black Update) was a befitting choice. I opted for White color as Black is very much common. About Product and OS The finish of product is amazing and looks pretty elegant and rich. Also the back panel fits very well and gives more premium feel to the product. Speaking of OS, windows is a simple OS which enables to perform various functionalities with ease and without any lag. Most of the games are compatible. Camera is very good when it comes to daylight photography. However absence of Flash affects low light photography as pictures are noisy and not upto the mark. All basic apps are functional and Lumia 520 is the best bet when it comes to frill free mobile usage. Call quality is good and speaker is loud enough to ensure you wont miss out on calls. Flipkart Delivery I ordered this on 10th May evening along with in a day delivery service as I had to gift it on 12th of May. Flipkart ensured my plan was executed with success. The order was delivered very next day, 11th May by 2 PM. The product was packaged well and product was received without any damage. I gifted it to my Mom by 12 midnight. Flipkart.. Keep up with the same levels of service. You surely have earned yourselves a happy customer and I will be ordering lot more products from Flipkart.
I have used this mobile and I personally liked it, before to it I have used Android mobile of HTC. Mobile works with good speed with no delays. I definitely recommend this mobile, if you do not want shitty crash notifications as in Android and cannot afford iPhone please go with this. You will definitely like this mobile. This is not an advertisement, I am Mobile Developer and I have good idea on each of mobile platforms.
I GOT THIS PHONE AND BEEN USING IT, QUITE GOOD WITH THE PERFORMANCE AND CLARITY. THIS PHONE HAS BIG SCREEN AND FASTER PROCESSING. OVERALL NICE PHONE AND BIG THANKS TO FLIPKART.COM FOR FASTER DELIVERY AND BEST SERVICE.
now its being ,more than 6 months using this phone... this is a nice hardware phone,but there are some lacking inherent features in software bcoz of windows,but i think,everything vl b quite fine with update 8.1.....hardware is really good....
Before buying Lumia 520 for my mother, was little apprehensive as I am an avid iPhone user.. honestly now I don't have any reason to be apprehensive of nokia product.. amazing product @ amazing price.. with amazing service by Flipkart… 1 day delivery as promised.. Microsoft Win 8 is as good as an iOS.. and Nokia's touch.. its the only touch phone I'll go for after an iPhone.. Awesome buy..
After reading few positive reviews one can easily buy a phone. But I had taken a big risk, ordered a Windows phone before its release. Flipkart done a great job by delivering Lumia 520 right after the release. After using more than a year I can proudly say that I am having a fabulous phone. One feature that comes in my mind is the 5 MP camera. No other brand can compete with Nokia's camera. Don't compare WP with Android. Android is more complicated than WP. I was also an Android user..I am not saying that WP is better than Android but it is as good as android phone. Followings are few plus points: 1. 5 MP Camera 2. Windows 8 (which can be updated to Win 8.1) 3. 4 Inches screen 4. Price 5. Internal Storage: 8 GB 6. HD Recording 7. IPS Display 8. MS Office 9. Lookwise awesome Few drawbacks: 1. No front camera 2. No Flashlight I would recommend you to buy this phone without any hesitation. It is the best Windows phone in this price range.
I bought it for my daughter. red coloured back cover is tough and impressive. very stout phone. never hangs. touch interface gives a better feel than android phones. and graphics. very nice. only thing is that it is not ment for gamers used to android. xbox games are a class apart but it takes a time to get accustomed. and yes.. Free time scrolling is boring in windows phone. this is typically an office phone. and whatsapp background is black which is irritating sometimes. i also felt to buy 525 instead; at a little bucks more price but with increased ram. delivery was satisfactory. with no lag of time. and notification service is better.
please never go for windows.. All the reviews from the net seems to be from marketing personals.. Please don't go for this mob.. I am searching for options.. Settings.. etc,..
I have been using Lumia 520 for over 3 months and didn't find any issues with it. Infact it went above my expectations for a phone of this range. It has almost everything required from a smartphone and really score better above all other phones in range. Only drawback is no front camera (though I prefer Skype on laptop over phone so doesn't make a big difference) and the battery should be a bit more (1430 mAh limits it for less than a day running on Internet). Otherwise its awesome and a must buy for a price of 8K. 5/5 from me...
I bought this phone from a local retailer around 6 Months ago . Till now I am completely satisfied with this Phone . People have a strong Myth that 512MB RAM for Windows Phone is not enough . But seriously Speaking it is better than 1GB RAM of Crapsung Phones and Other Hangroid devices. Buy Without a second thought guys , you will not regret !!!
The best budget phone, loaded with features. Excellent build quality. Speaker sound is really good Pros: Build quality Expandable Memory Removable battery Excellent Camera for an entry level phone with 720P recording Doesn't lag Cons: Windows Phone app store isn't as good as play store.
I ordered Lumia 520 because of my personal liking's and I found it good.... Talking about Flip kart, the packing, delivery and the quality of product they deliver is appreciable....
Very good phone for 8k. Pros: 1) Touch and the screen are really a big plus. I would say, too good compared to the android phones that you get in same cost range or even higher. 2) 8 gb internal memory 3) I liked the UI much more than the android. 4) Voice clarity 5) 5mp camera 6) MSoffice cons: 1) No led flash, then again, you can expect a really awesome camera with led flash for 8k. 2) There are no proper app lock, photo lock, video lock applications for windows 8, because of the built-in limitations in windows 8. You can find apps that claim that they do photo lock (protect with a password), but all they do is create a separate folder which is password protected, where you need to import your photos manually (and manually delete at old place), and due to limitations in windows8 it is not possible to import videos from gallery, so video that you get from whatsapp, Bluetooth and impossible to be imported in those apps. So in short NO APP LOCK, VIDEO LOCK, ALBUM LOCK. If this is something that is important to you, and you better rethink. Other wise its the best phone.
no regrets buying this phone. You can sure go for it.no regrets buying this phone. You can sure go for it.no regrets buying this phone. You can sure go for it.no regrets buying this phone. You can sure go for it.no regrets buying this phone. You can sure go for it.no regrets buying this phone. You can sure go for it.no regrets buying this phone. You can sure go for it.no regrets buying this phone. You can sure go for it.
Worth the money and delivery is prominent. Affordable. The product is with the latest configurations compared to the price of others like android
in dis price range.......... cmplte value fr money......It is the best windows phone in the lower end. It can be upgraded to windows 8.1 with preview for developers. It is packed with all the features and also there are plenty of apps. Nokia has class :)
Overall, it seems to be a very good mobile. Very happy. There are few things to consider though, like we cant send videos through bluetooth with this phone. Anyways, it still a good phone at this price range.
This is a awesome product at very reasonable price comes with the trust of Nokia's in the category of smartphones.
This is really good value for money, however with Lumia 525 available in market, this has become obsolete.
Economically priced phone from the Lumia series. You get all the advantages of the Windows 8 OS. And pretty soon the 8.1 update is going to be available.. Battery life is pretty amazing. It lasts a day and a half with standard usage. Running on a 512 MB RAM games like subway surfers don't run that smoothly (Keep in mind, you will be able to play these games). The screen-touch is definitely not impressive specially if you know what lumia 800 or 925 touch feels like. The camera is not good but application Camera 360 is available and provides a variety of modes to take pictures in. To sum it up- buy it based on your cell phone activity quotient!
Z der any other app. foh playing videos online????? #Gmail is working perfectly fine on windows phone. Even if Google turn off Active sync in july, Microsoft will update the client with new meathod to sync. But, its been adviced that you make your Microsoft Live account (outlook) as main account and try to shift your work to it. Moreover, Outlook service is far more better than Gmail. Try it. #Apps are coming. We now have Temple Run 1 in WP store, so its sure we will get updates from that developer. Moreover, as WP is gaining popularity, developers are surely taking this platform seriously & coming with more great apps for it. And saying buy an android for now till apps come on wp will not solve problem. Buy more windows phones, sooner you will get more new apps. #No words on instagram for WP yet. But looking at Nokia's #2instawithlove campaign. its not far when we will see instagram for windowsphone. BTW, an app called instagraph is coming which allow to share pics on instagram. #Please don't ask for any more Music Player. We have many (few names include Tune wiki, Lyrics, Mixtapes, Album Flow, TuneIn, AUPEO, Soundtracker, etc) but Nokia Music is ultimate, try it, and you will never ask for any other player again.
I have bought this phone in flipkart last October..it was delivered before the expected date in fact i received all flipkart products before their expected dates...the best thing about this Lumia phone is that it has windows...i thought of buying it because my friends had android phones and i wanted to be different from them...the features i liked from this phone are its Facebook chat integration in message hub,people hub that has fb which we can use to write in my friends wall etc..,with nokia here maps i can navigate offline (we need to download maps before using offline this was better than google maps in android in which we should be online) , the phone is sturdy i have dropped it several times only corners had been blunted no damage to screen, if u need games like subway surfer's opt for Lumia 525, the only downside is lack of apps in windows store...the hardware is good no lags so far.......great phone buy this moreover with windows 8.1 which is going to be released officially in July month we can update till 2016 i think...
Absolute value for money no drawback as per my opinion because what they stated in the specification fone is absolute that, best camera of 5 mp and in only 512 mb of RAM it i9s just fabulous.
perfect smartphone for daily use.no lags no freezing. great phone for gaming also.with windows phone8.1 update in lumia 520 its way ahead in terms of feature and performance..
I will be describing the pros and cons I noticed after using this phone for almost one month- 1. The get up is really very attractive. 2. The capacitive touch is cool and sensitive. 3. Battery back up is awesome. Without surfing+Data connectivity on-it stays for 2 days. and with data connectivity off,for 36 hours. 4. The processor speed is good and games are running smooth. Cons: Nothing is noticed yet. Go for it. Last but not the least,Flipkart.com gave a wonderful service. :)
It s the best windows phone in the lower end. It can be upgraded to windows 8.1 with preview for developers. It s packed with all the features and applications are aplenty. Nokia has class :)
i have bought this cell. i love nokia brand alot. and i am very much happy with my cell. so far so good :) :) :)
It has only improved since the time i have bought. In the starting i was not that satisfied as it lacks a lot of features as compared to the android phones available in the market. But if you do not want any lag in the processing then this is the phone for you. You will surely miss the flash in the camera. The quality of camera is good in sunlight but disappoints after that.
Its been a year since i bought it from flipkart,now its running windows phone 8.1 os developer preview,no lags no hangs its a butterflow interface with highly secured firmware, better than lumia 525 as it costs more for just 512mb ram push which really doesn't matter still upcoming updates are set to hit the floor which are quite promising.
phone was surpassed my expectation. tiles are better to launch than icons. camera is wonderful and one can easily take self shots. store for WP is also vibrant. only disadvantage is it requires windows 7,8 pc for file transfere but with libmtp in linux can handle Office, media files. built is strong. go for silicone cover as flip covers makes it bulky for men.
Excellent product when compared to its price, the only shortcoming though is the absence of a flash light.
Been using Lumia 520 from last 6 months now, purchased it as it was possibly the best option for me that suited my tight budget. It took me a lot of time to get used to it as i was an avid android user. But now...!! I have nothing but praise for this champ!! It does hang every now and then, but still, pretty much used to the interface of it and i dont feel like going back to android now!
pretty good for the price, has most of the features of an expensive windows phone, and flipkart delivered it pretty fast. No hassle at all.
when i took it from flip-kart..the music system is not working properly and i was unable to switch on my phone when i insert any memory card.Battery back up is OK . Remaining all are good as per the cost
Its a good phone no doubt...but not without its own share of problems. Couple of positives (not a cynic after all) - Comfort of a good, clear, concise, user friendly and aesthetically pleasing interface. - Live tiles - Smart looking frame - Good convenient size - Nokia dependability - Essential features - PRICE - Expandable memory - Easy to open back panel to install sim and sd card or change battery if you must. - Offline maps - Good navigator - Access to quite a few apps - Good contacts information integration over multiple accounts. - ok...thats probably enough good news....now to the not so good Not so pleasing aspects (MUHAHAHAH) - For some weird reason, the phone keeps slipping out my hand despite the nice rubberized feel on the back. Its probably because of the steep slope at the edges. - The one thing that really gets on nerves, and it may not be true for all the 520s, is that, push notification for whatsapp doesnt work if you are connected via wi-fi. - No flash (acceptable overt compromise) - The screen is a finger print glutton. I think they should ship the damn phone with a screen guard. Its insane. - Call quality is passable - If you are a hardcore customizer, you will get bored!! - No notification bar (in this day and age?) - well mentioned shortcoming about lack of apps and stuff (though it has most of them..the important ones at least) But all the complaining and nagging aside, i think its an endearing little Finnish cutie which will get most of the job done without much of a fuss. Almost like a VW beetle you might say...
Wowww, Flipkart!! Honestly, this got delivered in 2 days whereas the lead time was mentioned as 4-6 days. Awesome windows phone with cool featues, a real gud buy. Worth the money unlike costly unworthy android phones which are much slower in performance compared to windows phones. Thumbs up!!
I bought this phone from flipkart...........and thankfully it costed me two thousands less than the market.............as far as the phone is concerned it is a great phone...........good touch response..........good sound clarity...........great features ..............great display.........4 inch is what is just enough...........fits in the hand perfectly..............the processor is fast 2..............over all a good phone and one which is true value for your money.............wont regret after u get it in your hand
I bought this phone last year in December. This is one of the worst phones I've ever tried / used / heard of. The battery drains just like water if you open any app / game and play for 5 mins. And it hardly lasts for a day! It gets heated up like anything after that at the back of it near the camera area.
Delivery : Very fast. Condition : Properly packed Manufactured year : 2014 Price : 1500 bucks less from nokia priority or hotspot
Best value for money, WP phone. If you are looking into trying out WP, this is the best entry level phone.
The phone was perfect..everything according to the specifications.. But the wifi seems to connect whenever it feels like.. Its been a few months since ive bought it.. and the phone connects to the wifi sometimes and sometimes it doesnt.. Ive tried all the possible settings changing the wifi password encrpyption type and tried soft restarting the phone many times but still the problem persists with no permanent solution. IF you are a person who CANNOT live without wifi i suggest you dont buy this phone.. I guess its a glitch in the phone itself as 2 of my other friends faced the same problem! Other than that , there is no other problem with a decent 5 mp camera and a 500 mb ram(though not advisable for high end games) and a good 5 gb internal with extendable storage...
Using this phone for almost 10 months. I am happy with it. In this price bracket of 8-10K I think this one is a nice phone. I am not an avid user so I am not bothered about apps too much but whatever I have has sufficed till now. After using 520, I think I will target Nokia brand only for my next upgrade.
Flipkart Service -- 5 Stars Product --5 Starts. With the recent update of 8.1 this phone is more awesome..... Now I say Bing it... :P
Dear All, As I am using this, this is a very good product.So if you are deciding to buy then you can go for it.
it has 512mb ram.if it were 1gb it would be good.so prefer lumia 525 over 520.................................................................................................................
I consider the item at its best in terms of Quality & specification given on the site... Totally OK..
A very nice budget phone, the only issue is the battery back-up. Rest all super.Much better interface than Android, Good Service from Flipkart. Very Much Satisfied.
This is the best phone in the price rance of 7 to 10K Rs. Has good battery time. Touch sensitivity is superb and the display quality is ace even in the bright sunlight. Simply i can say this is a value for money product.
Fast Delivery, The product is almost good, but the battery life is very short. otherwise good performance, Nice Product. AND THANKS TO FLIPKART
Nokia has made good hardware but the OS really sucks :-( Such a crap operating system . I have faced these problems which are very annoying 1. Practically its impossible for You to transfer any file you download(from internet via UCWEB or IE) in this mobile . I have downloaded a film of 700mb It cant be transferred or copied into Sdcard or computer :-( this really sucks it will be in your phone only only thing you can do with downloaded file is to delete or rename 2. If u receive any doc or pdf file from bluetooth it cant be opened or found on this phone . It will consume memory but it cant be found i dont knw where that received file is saved 3 No file manager :-( 4. No true multitasking :-( If u keep anything to download in UCweb or any application after some time it will be closed . damn such a crap operating system :-( 5 Unable to kill all apps running in background :-( It will drains battery
I have bought it six month back ,but start giving problem after three months.It get automatically switch off after left it ideal .Then i take it to nokia care.They have reinstalled the new software but radio facility gone after new software.
Initially people are spreading Wrong mythes.but after i purchased realised the value. here i found by using lumia Battery backup time is more when compared to other smart phones. Very easy to handle initially i found slight difficult later i found ease to use camera is awesumm under good ligtning scanning codes bars can be done apps can be easly downloded from stores,social app and games from XBox very smooth touch. even wearing we can handle mobile looks good light weight. slim internet can be shared with 8 peoples (lumia can be used as routers which shares internet via wifi ) disadv is when using camera i can find mobile getting heated vibratin cannot be eliminate while using wats app ( vibration occurs when messag received ) and finally i feel windows phone is better than Android even one difference is limited apps but windows have all famous apps like watsapp,viber,hike,skype,facebook... it is enough but Android has lots and lots of app WINDOWS PHONE IS SUTABLE WHILE LONG TRAVELLING which does not possible in Android phone(i mean same capacity battery 1400mah). lumia 520 is one of the cheapest windows based phone i conclude lumia 520 is VALUE FOR MONEY
it is a awesome phone in this price..... like other android smart phones it never lags in its interface.... but my sad luck that the phone broken instantly because it got sliped form my hands.... the ips display got a crack...... but itz a good phone.... the camera is so intractive that any one can click professional like photos... thers no dbout in my mind that itz a very good phone with this low price tag.......
Lumia 520 is an awesome phone , I bought it for 7668/- . People say that The Store doesn't have many apps and games but their are plenty and lotss of games and apps. No problem with the touch , awesome finish of screen and back cover. Best apps from Nokia . Camera Quality is also very good even in Night Mode, but sometimes there is a need of FLASH and Front Cam but its OK for this price. Awesome Sound Quality no problem with the speaker . But one will have to buy a 4or8 GB memory card for to use it firmly. Some good games : 1NINJA ASTRONAUT, MIKE V: SKATE BOARD, STARS CONQUER, ASPHALT8 AIRBORNE , TEMPLE RUN, SUPER MONKEY,LOGO QUIZ, NAARGH. That's All. I guess I have summarised every thing.
worth the price. though old released phone but still new one. hardware is top quality and price compare to hardware is justified.
Got it just last week a good and quality product from nokia. Gifted this phone to wife and she like it..... Still now no issues I will recommend this product.
I was worried, as when the product appeared my maid was there to receive it. Now after I am back home..its almost 4 hrs I am using it without any hassle. Seems all ok with the Phone and delivery.
Every time i take this phone up in my hands I wonder "why would anyone ever go to an android phone in this segment!" It's simply amazing for all its screen clarity, camera quality, video and voice. the apps that come bundled are very nice espl the Nokia Mix Radio and the BigFlix. The only shortcoming I see here is lack of a front camera. So if you don't use video calls, go for it over any android phone in this segment, you wont regret it. I bought it as gift for my father and he loved it so much, I got the same one again after he lost it.
This phone is really best windows phone. the image and video quality is realy HD. this is have the main issue of compass sensor which is missing in this phone.
Best mobile at this price range and performance is very good..you can enjoy super fast touch response. Even it is 512 RAM there is no lag and hanging problems..net surfing is fast and good..All apps are running very smooth... I heard that windows people check the quality and performance of the apps before putting into the store.so that performance of the phone will not killed by the apps... it has almost all the apps you need..anyway i am not going to have all the lacks of apps on my phone.. pros: Performance,Camera, Voice quality,touch,Interface.. cons: resolution..but at this price range we can not expect more than this..
Windows phone are not worthy of the price. U cant do much sharing which is very critical problem.U cant download things songs videos fron net. A frustrating experice after using it for 4 months. I am regretting DOnt go for it pls.
There's not much to be said about lumia 520 that hasn't already been said before. At this price point, it provides the best value for money if you want to stick to well reputed brands. Here are the pros - - The interface is buttery smooth and extremely responsive, which isn't that easy to get in this price range. - The front panel is scratch resistant ( although it's not gorilla glass ). - Guaranteed to get the 8.1 update which brings a host of new features including a notification panel, quick toggles and a voice guided digital assistant among others. - The people hub is just excellent, which aggregates updates from all social networks in a clean and intuitive interface. You have to experience it for yourself to fully appreciate it. Once you get used to it, it's very difficult to go back to android. - The interface is intuitive and clutter free, so people with no previous smartphone experience can get around it much quickly. - The pre-installed here maps and here drive apps are premium softwares that offer offline turn-by-turn voice guided navigation for free. Just download the maps and you are good to go. - Also you get a bunch of microsoft office components pre-installed including word, excel, powerpoint (viewing only) and onenote. - All your various camera related apps that you download can be controlled from within the default camera app, which is very convenient. Here are the cons - The main problem with a windows phone device is application support. No matter what anybody says, there just aren't as many apps on the windows phone platform as there are on iOS and android. The reasons being the following - 1. Windows phone platform is based on directX while both iOS and android use openGL for graphics rendering. Which means porting an game from android or iOS to windows phone requires a lot of work. This is why there are much few graphics-heavy games in windows store compared to android and iOS. The number is lesser still in case of lumia 520 because it has only 512 MB RAM. If you are a casual gamer, you'll get by just fine, but hardcore gamers should stick to android, at least for now. 2. You cannot root a windows phone device the way you can with android. So most apps which requires root access to run don't have a windows phone counterpart. But if you can use your android phone without rooting it ( like most people do ), you'll do fine with windows phone. - You won't get direct access to the file system, which can be a bit problematic. Simple tasks like sharing a file over bluetooth or downloading a file from internet requires a little bit of extra effort. - It's not as customizable as an android device. You get to chose the theme color and font size and that's about it. There's no support for themes or launchers. So, unless you are a power user who can't use an android phone without rooting it and has to have minute control over every aspect of your device, or an avid gamer, there's no reason not to buy this phone when you're shopping on this price range.
Nice phone... gud luks,gud camera.. nyc screen.... nd everything.. If u love windows just go for it...!!!
Expected quality met. But when I purchased, its OS was not updated to latest version. Delivered with in 3 days ( Kerala India).
Such a nice product i bought from flipkart for my friend , he is very happy with the performance of Lumia 520 , Mainly regarding Battery backup its simply superb ,in this regard Nokia done its job. Gaming performance for smaller games quite Good, I didn't ckecked any big Games and I am some what depressed with very less apps in Windows Market but hope those will increased in future
In this model marathi fonts can read or not... pls let me know... Look wise it is kool... Plus point is there the battery life is good...
The delivery quality of the product everything is great. But somehow i am not able to understand that even after month of recieving the product and countless calls to customer care i have not recieved the soft/hard copy the bill of the mobile whihc is essential for warranty purposes
Worth for money..If you want new phone then nokia lumia is good choice.. Performance Ratting 4/5 Design 5/5 Usability 3/5
nokia lumina 520 it is good my frnds are say it has low time charge durablity but in my phone it stands up to 44 hrs and i had 1 problem some times display get down dim then after few its comes to normal this is only thing i founded in last three month use then it work faster and i can use more than 4 app at a time ect...........
mast phone , nice average camera , good voice clarity , various colors of back panels are available at 450 rs and less which change the looks of phone completely , it is sturdy too .and all the games and apps which android is offering ,windows 8 markets also provide for free . good collection of apps and games for free are there , makes no diff with android .just go with it , battery back up is for two days too .windows 8 is better operating system for me because it does not lags like android , i am using samsung s2 but i love more nokia lumia 520 , only drawback is camera stills , video is awsome , its high defination .you can use skype too , video conf is possible with back camera . but only one side of party can see.
Satisfies my specs perfectly for 7.7 K. Decent Delivery time. Windows OS gets better and better with the time spent on phone. Visually different but appealing. Its time to come out off one dominant OS.
A good product with awesome clarity....worth for the money spent.Display of the phone is recognized while seeing hd videos.Compact and slim.
I always like Nokia Phones. I had tried lots of Nokia phones. 1st Flip kart delivery is excellent. Entry level Windows phone 502 is much good if you compare Android. you can find all features if you are looking in any phone. Camera is good , without flash in daytime quality is good. Phone Speed is also good. Thanks
A very good mobile for the price when I bought it. I was a little dissapointed with the lower priced Samsung options and was not sure about the quality of India manufacturers. Pros: Good build quality, looks good and has enough applications for the casual user. Con's: Very life is not very good. The online store has far fewer free applications compared with Apple or Android. Also, slight niggles with the operating system. No flash with the camera and is useless for taking pictures at night.
no equalizer, very bad phone for music listeners. bad phone for ppl who don't have pc.
Have been using past 4 months, it is capable for daily usage and no lagging under 8k,gaming is awesome and camera is good and battery is really best lasts more than a day.. best under 8k
PROS: GOOD CLARITY, GOOD TOUCH SENSITIVE CONS: NO FLASH, WINDOWS OS .
must buy fone has all d necessary features 1 will need d cam is awesme superb delivery by flipo nokia music roxx love it my 1st fone nd wat a gr8 1 2
I liked this phone n works Fyn but watsapp videos will not open fast. Good phone from Nok n ultimate software from Win. Good good good
i bought this for my brother,i was in search of a phone with budget 7500-8500, and thought of buying samsung galaxy duos 2, but i bought this , this is excellent , but i dont know whether this is latest manufactured product or not, when i check its ear phone at the time of its first use itself its rubber grip na around its pin has came out, i dont know what to do , how it will work in future, phone is good, but i think ear phone was old. overall i like product except ear phone.
go for it and njy the features awesome experience ... It has Office 365, email and linkedin integration. So if you are a hard working guy, it will help you to do your job smartly, without even hurting your pocket. if u r a gamer than go for 525.,....
this phone is the best buy for 8k . nokia promises durability and life. so somewhere i prefer NOKIA over samsung nd every other android. Must for music lovers . nokia music gives u a wide range of music. nd u can play almost any video format nd moreover u can expand its external memory nd Although it doesn't have flash but have a good picture quality. and it doesn't e1 hang or go slow like other androids. so its better.
best value for money WP but if you make it fall screen cracks. 512 mb is sufficient for windows phone!
This is an excellent phone but in case you need VPN to access your office emails and application, Nokia 520 fails. Recent announcements from Microsoft do confirm that Windows 8.1 with VPN functionality will be available for existing customers of Lumia 520. Well, hope its true else there is no play for this phone for Enterprise users - the last that an Enterprise customer would expect from a Microsoft is a secured VPN. Android has it by the way!!
Flipkart didnt attach the bill with the product this time. However, get the bill in the mail after few days. Thank you
its a great phone. the user interface is amazing.for ppl who are bored of anroid its fun to use windows. THE NOKIA MIX RADIO and the music store is the best thing.just think of the song and download it within 10 sec if u have avg 3g speed. but some issues with whatsapp. songs and videos sharing is an issue. overall its a great buy.
Its really nice phone, smooth working, no hang problem...best thing i loved i.e. automatic brightness..battery backup is not good or bad, all multimedia phone have a normal battery backup and all depend on usage..if u want to buy windows phone its really good. Buy it.
I am writing this review after 8 month of usage, great performance. Nice user interface. Fast and fluid experience when compared to other android device of this price bracket. I recommend this window phone as a replacement of android for this price, I am not telling android is not good, I am only comparing with this price range and performance. You can but buy any android device with this price but performance wise you won't get result like Nokia 520. If you want to invest 7500 for a decent phone as a beginner for smart fone. Then blindly go for it.
MY REVIEW: 1.All apps that the most people needed are available in windows store 2.Awesome camera quality with autofocus. 3.Gaming experience is good.I played temple run. 4.Touch is just awesome...It is very sensitive like apple iphone. 5.Battery Backup is not upto the mark. 6.Audio clarity and video quality is good.we can play 720p video in lumia 520.I have played few 720p videos..It plays well without any lag. 7.And finally flipkart delivery is good.I bought for Rs.7330..COOL...
Nokia lumia 520 is the best phone naver hang this phon asphalt 8 airburn and many games are play somthly i love nokia lumia
Actually i bought this for my sister, i recommend this mobile and then gave order in flipkart, This is the first smartphone we bought in my family, so i proud to unpack & use it for first time, initially the battery is not attached then i manually placed it , & After that there was a great shock >> "Micro Sim" ,Yes Nokia Lumia-520 uses Micro Sim,no one informed about this feature, anyway immediately i cut the Sim at shop, then i switch on for first time.. Woo ow,, Windows Phone is awesome, i am loving it, such a classy look&usage, also it has easy interface than any other , Someone told that windows phone has less apps compare to android, but it is not a fact because there is equal amount of apps(also the same apps) present in windows store.. I already heard about Nokia 520, so without any option i chosen this mobile.. :) pros: >good camera quality & useful apps for it >easy interface >Light weight & slim >Enough sound quality >better processor >default app for GPS (HERE Maps) >themes with more color >support many types of video cons: >no File Browser... :( >Can't able to change ringtone >Apps are in developing stage, so no more apps for some specific part(esp, medicine) >Can't able to dock the games separately to start screen,where they are accessible only in games app Overall the product is good.,, [Nokia Lumia 520 is Awesome...] When coming to talk about the service, it takes 5 days to deliver(no problem i waited) but at the delivery date i informed the dealer that i will come and get the products in the office itself(because along with the mobile i ordered a mouse), but on the delivery date they gave mouse alone, i totally got upset, they told that another staff take incharge of delivery, so i received the mobile only after 2 days,... :(
superb...!!!! phone with best performance.Good quality of product from flipkart, i thanks flipkart and the seller VVS retail.Within 2 days, they delivered my phone. Thanks
Try to buy dis phone....it's a grt phn...mostly all of d apps run smoothly but it's a great phone... Even it's cheaper...
The worst phone I ever used ,the most important thing CHARGE it doesn't even stayed until 5 pm ,e ,no gorilla glass also,advice by a disappointed buyer don't buy this phone
Not such a good phone, especially if you are not using a memory card and have used over 6 GB of space on the phone. It gets damn slow, apps start to crash.
nokia lumia 520 is a great phone . i am using this phone since 11 months. i am really satisfied with this product , its display , sound , touch is really very nice . its camera sensor is really good , takes awesome pictures , and after upgrading the operating system to lumia black its take low light image also , games are running buttery smooth . and i like about all lumia because 1st of all nokia is a trusted brand and i love the user interface of windows 8 . microsoft doing the great job by upgrading its feature day by day , ** but only one thing that i feel that audio equalizer its a mandatory need for a phone , but its not present even after the windows 8.1 upgrade . rest of all is very good . its a value for money device , i am fully satisfied with this device i loved it.
Superb Handset for a great price.. display clarity is good... handset doesn't get slowdown... am really satisfied with the mobile... Nokia Rocks...
I have placed the order for this product on the 10th of dec 2013 and received the product on 14th of Dec. Hats off to flipkart prompt delivery. I had bought this phone for my office colleague and is using this product for last 5 moths without any problem. Phone is nice look as well as operationally. Had some problem initially operating a windows phone but after time got used to this. #No lag, good battery backup, sound is also nice and camera quality is awesome.
Look no further. This is the best phone money can buy. Free Music download is the icing on the cake. Added to it was the best in market price(Trust me, I checked for 4 days before placing the order) by WS Retail. Very happy with the purchase.
Excellent Service from Flipkart. Nokia Lumia 520 is worth for the money. It's sleek and easy to handle. The lowest rate for this handset was from Flipkart.
Packing was not good at all. Seal is also suspicious. Disappointed!!. well I dont think i will be recommending flipkart any more specially after i bought 25000 rs gadgets and hardly satisfied.
Although Microsoft has done a lot of work over Windows phone, the still lack providing some basic functionality. #1 no search option for songs. #2 does not play all file formats of videos. #3 does not support srt files. #4 sometimes volume gets stuck to a particular level while playing a song. #5 super-sensetive screen once formatted my phone while it was in my pocket. lost all my imp data. #6 cannot search a contact by phone number. #7 Cannot share already posted photos by third party using the "people" app. #8 here maps does not have adequate amount of details in it. needs to update a lot. #9 here transit is totally useless even in a city like bangalore. #10 no call recorder. My Nokia 6233 also came with a default voice and call recorder. #11 options in seetings are not ordered in any manner. #12 no equilizer. #13 we need to keep on accepting all the files while receiving multiple files over bluetooth. It should accept all at once.
This is a really great phone at a mind blowing price. The delivery was super quick. Have been using it for the past 6 months. Never hangs. Great Camera. 720p HD recording is great. Window Live Tiles feel great.
in time received packing is very good i give flipkart 5star rating thank you mobile is in perfect condition
Bought it from Flipkart about a month back for Rs. 7048, nice budget phone. A speedy delivery from team Flipkart.
Extremely happy with the purchase. Flipkart delivered it a day before promised. The pricing was spot-on. And I'm utterly happy with a Nokia again, unfortunately it'll be a relic of a legendary phone manufacturer. I'd still suggest budget smartphone buyers to pick this one up, Nokia or not.
has calling issues disconnect automatically everything else works great as described great camera and average good speakers for music nokia musicis one of the best features if u r a music lover
Go For Nokia Phones they are simply superb Especially the Lumia Series. Low end go for asha series. Price wise quality windows mobile 8 os all are simply superb.
I ORDERED IT FOR MY BROTHER AND HE LIKED IT VERY MUCH AS ITS WINDOW PHONE U MAY HV SOME DIFFICULTY TO OPERATE BUT I THINK WE SHUD TRY THIS ALSO IF U R ANDROID ADDICTED , AND ABOUT YELLOW COLOUR I SAY ITS JUST AWESUM MAN FEATURES R GREAT AND I GOT IT AT 7499 I M THINKING ALSO TO BUY IT THANX TO FLIPKART FOR PROMPT DELIVERY
Awesome price, quick delivery, crisp display,long battery life. I love it, great phone.Ram is enough to support most of the apps.
its working fine. delivered within 24hours. in case u have confusion just check the imei no from the official nokia website for valid warranty. flipkart rocks. :) (Y)
all things are very good for this product. I am very happy with price and delivery!! keep it up FlipKart!!!
Got great deal from flipkart on Lumia 520, though using 710 already, but the Windows 8 OS is really great with huge add on features like backup of sms and other things also on cloud automatically. Windows phone are sure win, but this being an entry level phone. dont expect comaparing it with high end windows phones. Still 5/5 in the segment.
This is a good phone with nice specs for a decent price. Being an iPhone user, took some time to get used to this phone and once got used, its pretty good. The one thing which I didn't like in this phone is the call puts on hold sometimes because the sensor doesn't turn off the screen perfectly. You don't get many apps in windows marketplace which is a drawback. The camera clarity is good. Its a good phone for the price.
I bought lumia 520 last month... Really the experience is cool... Its fun to use it.. Many said windows is tough to use,but i dint feel it.. I always buy elec. Gadgets in flipkart for its trust worthy and safe delivery.. I got that it ma budget and enjoyin it.. I felt nokia would introduce flash light in these models... On the whole i m enjoying..
Good phone to have on such a reasonable price, delivery was good on time. Have completed nearly 20 days using the product and i can conclude that so far so good. Giving 5 starts for Quality product provided by NOKIA. (Y)
The product is average. It's not worth for the money which I spent. Battery is ok and the usage of windows is bad.
good windows phone compared to same price android samsung galaxy phone's.windows 8 black update is available and 8.1 update is coming soon. Key features: Quad-band GSM/GPRS/EDGE support Quad-band 3G with 21 Mbps HSDPA and 5.7 Mbps HSUPA support 4.0" 16M-color IPS LCD display of WVGA resolution 5 megapixel autofocus camera with 720p@30fps video recording Windows Phone 8 OS 1 GHz dual-core Krait CPU, Adreno 305 GPU, Qualcomm MSM8227 chipset, 512MB of RAM Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n GPS receiver with A-GPS and GLONASS support Free lifetime voice-guided navigation (with a twist) 8GB of inbuilt storage, expandable via a microSD card slot Active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic Built-in accelerometer and proximity sensor Standard 3.5 mm audio jack microUSB port Bluetooth v3.0 with A2DP and EDR, file transfers SNS integration Xbox Live integration and Xbox management Nokia Music FM Radio Extremely competitive pricing
Nothing to write... simply go for it... No Negatives... Only Positives.. If I will start writing... it will take atleast full day to describe the positive features of this mobile.. Just go for it.. Proud of myself for purchasing this great phone... Yo Yo...
amazing phone for the price.. i had it for a year before i lost it :D absolutely no lag and now with it getting windows 8.1, it is the best phone in this price range :D don't think go for it.. just check out what features 8.1 has if you're still not sure :)
It is a pretty great and fast hone. The only drawback is that since it comes with only a 520 mb ram, it doesnt support many of the apps.
Initially i find little difficult to configure but afterwards its fantastic using Nokia 520 Lumia.wonderful even through flip cart as saved ₹1500 than market.its wonderful experience with it using first time and i am convinced nothing is like Nokia.
Using it for one week. First windows phone after series of android phones. Pros: 1. Awesome UI. No glitches no hanging. 2. Although fitted with a matte screen guard, easy to read in sunlight 3. Awesome camera. 4. Very good battery back-up. Lasts one and half days with heavy using. 5. Very good network reception and good voice clarity. Cons: 1. No swype keyboard. But it is coming in windows 8.1. 2. A bit odd to hold and type in one hand due to excess width. Go for it if you need a nice phone to be used as phone mostly.
I bought this phone from flipkart at the cost of only ₹ 7048 and i bet you can not find any better phone in market in this range...i am playing 820 MB game without any lag go for it
I was happy when I bought the phone, It had everything except the flash for camera. After using the phone for a while now, these are the issues that I have been facing. 1. Some Apps just dont open after some time. the only option is to reinstall them. 2. The phone was lightning fast when I bought it, Now after these 8 months, the lag is visible, the phone is really slow. I have a few games for toddlers installed and the usual social networking apps,(twitter, facebook and gmail) and a few photo editors. 3. the battery backup is really poor not even for 10 hours, but that may be because I am always on 3g. 4. The navigation software is buggy. I had once enabled voice support for navigation, the phone continued to direct me even after I had reached my destination, restarted my phone and this went on for another 6 hours. 5. No blue tooth transfer for video files. 6. The browser crashes often. 7. Some formats of video or not playable like mkv, flv etc. 8. The terribly placed search button on the front panel leads to the BING search page. because of the extra sensitive touch, you are lead to the page a lot. 9. the body heats up terribly if you are browsing non stop for more than 10 minutes. 10. There is not direct answer option if you phone is locked. you will have to unlock and answer. 11. More than once, my phone has not been able to recognize a lot of contacts. The issues sorts itself after a while.
It's a saying that everything has limitations but it is an investment that will meet your expectation with such a slow hardware configuration clubbed with product and services of NOKIA and MICROSOFT as a beauty which itself a successful smart phone of the era. You will be lucky to owe it.
Fantastic gadget with all the features you can ask for a very affordable price. great job team FLIPKART.
This was my first smartphone. Also my first touchscreen phone. I have used only a Blackberry before. My irst impression is that the battery life is very poor. My earlier featurephone (which has a four years old battery) lasts two days with my usage. This lasts 8-10 hours (I keep the internet on throughout, use about 30 minutes of gaming, 15 minutes of calling, 15 minutes of internet browsing, 5 mins of music, 2 mins of video). I have seen many people carry two phones. I now know why. I have been using this phone for 3 weeks now. I will update this review after 3 months. Pluses Very smooth touch interface 7GB free backup on One drive (earlier skydrive) Free Microsoft office and Outlook Call clarity (a must for any good phone) No lags either with apps or with games For someone used to a 'dumb' phone and Blackberry with ltd apps - this is a delight The screen size is just right - I can read my kindle books on its kindle app and also put it in my shirt pocket Allows for internet sharing - so can make it a wifi hotspot (works seamlessly) Panorama app for camera (allows you to take a group shot of 100 people) Search the internet using your voice (google app) There is an app for everything from managing expenses to monitoring data usage Nokia Maps (can be downloaded offline) The price (it was launched at 10.5 and is now 7.5k). Very good price to value ratio. Minuses The battery life (though my friends with android phones tell me with similar usage their batteries last 4 hours!) The screen is not very bright. In sunlight barely visible (even with the sunlight option on) Requires Microsim Of the three fixed keys on the screen - the search key is useless. The camera does not take very good photos in normal or low light.
nokia lumia 520 is poor perfomance of the phone audio equilizer is not working,some times while call coming does not slide up so we cant attent phone calls that is a problem ........
Its a Worst Mobile .Please do not purchase anyone this mobile. It's always better to review a product before you purchase .Take your own decision.
Camera is good. But lacks in some of the apps as compared to android apps. Screen size is good. Most of the games are good in store.
I have been using this for more than a month now and its a great phone for the price you pay. The phone is smooth with great display. Camera quality is actually good. This is worth buying.
a good phone at a great price. once again, flipkart did an amazing job and delivered the product in two days. overall, the phone is good,fast and with less snags than Galaxy Fame which i had been using before. Camera is good. There is some issue with nokia mixed radio though...which sometimes fails to register my account .
Its a very good business phone. It has very good GPS, Good preloaded Maps - there by reduce bandwidth usage while on the move, Voice prompt in the language of choice, Speed calculator etc., As a phone, voice is very clear. Windows 8 helps to arrange quick launch on the mobile main screen. Long lasting batteries, quick charging - less than 2 hours for full charge. All software that can be loaded are pre-screened by Microsoft and hence there is no junks getting in
This is one of the premium windows phone designed by Nokia. best at its price with great design. have been using from past 1 month.
nice phone but no candy crush and likewise apps very bad on Microsoft's part if you cannot even get basic apps on your platform and a bit complicated to use
Guys, Windows phone is way ahead in terms of performance compared to android.There is no lagging. Touch screen works awsome. The only cons is its RAM ie 512 MB,when u consider price,It is welcome.
I ordered a LUMIA 520 friday afternoon. It was supposed to be a standered delivey by tuesday because I didn't want to rush with 'In a day delivery'. But surprisingly it's been delivered just the next day around 12 noon. Wow, really impressive performance by flipkart, hats off...
Flipkart experience was very good but Nokia Lumia 520 experience was horrible. Here is why: 1. Poor battery life 2. Extremely difficult OS 3. No File Manager. 4. Can't save Videos! Downloaded via Bluetooth 5. Bad onboard keyboard 6. Confusing for older people unlike earlier Nokia handsets. 7. Can't disconnect a ongoing call as button does not work. 8. Microsoft is worst company, too many updates. 9. Bandwidth hog, i am on roaming, paid a huge bill. 10. Too many background services eat away bandwidth. 11. Immature app market, Skype app buggy, no Opera 12. No support for google and its services like YouTube, Gmail, crime. 13. Clutter because of too many times on home screen. 12. Bad sound quality of 13. Camera pictures bleed. Nokia was great company, remember its Microsoft now, it sucks! frustrating experience, don't waste your money on this.
delivered the product within 4 days.the phone and the box contents where as specified in the it.totally good shopping ecperience with flipkart
Best phone in this range. Windows OS is amazing with good integration of social in in-built applications. Overall experience is good and very satisfactory.
Indeed a promising phone by nokia. hats off to flipkart delivery. One thing to mention after using this phone for nearly 3 months, i thinks it does not have the charm that android phones have. If you are comparing between this two operating system then go with android phones. :)
this mob is awesum man.. thanx for the flipkart for this service.. the package was awesum and the mob was too good. very fast.. thanx 2 flipkart
I had got this mobile from Flipkart a month ago and have been using it. I liked the phone very much.Especially it very light weight,big screen touch sensitivity is awesome.Camera clairty is very good. I only got dissappointed that flash is not available for Lumia 520. Processing speed is also good.looking very trendy.Thanks for flipkart!!
heat generation on top of the phone. Compare to other product is good. For calling it is not good,when you want talk more than 20 minutes continuously.
I wanted to switch to a new platform. So I buy this Nokia Lumia 520 to avail windows platform. It is a good product in that price range. Nice looking, handy, fast process speed and fast in wi-fi as well as in 3G. Good user interface. Battery life is same as other smartphones. I would highly recommend this product.
First of all thank u Flipkart once again and also WS Retail. You guys are awesome.... .I got my phone just in one day.wow !! The phone I received was awesome the packaging was superb.
Hi all, Im usning nokia lumia 520 from 8 months , ever wors smart phone i seen , always hangs , suddenly call will disconnect , and switch off button is so smooth ki.. it will switch off when u put mobile in your pocket
I purchased this for my parents who were used to old nokia phones. It took a while for them to understand how to use it. Easy for me to handle it but not for my parents :(.
I am using this phone from last one month and i am really really happy with the phone.Overall good performance.Camera quality is too good in this price range though led flash is missing.But i can not expect it in 7k from premium company name.Touch is superb.head phone quality is not so good but its Ok.Call quality is too good.Video camera gives you the best out of it.
orders in two days... 1000 rs less than market value.. a genuine product with bill and 1 year warranty. flipkart is best.
Excellent phone at this price range. Have compared with Samusung & Micromax but even at price level 8500, Lumia 520 win the race.
ALL PHONES ARE LOOKING WORST, WHEN I SEEN THIS PHONE. SUCH A NICE AND GREAT PHONE THIS IS. NO PHONE HAS THESE MANY FEATURES AT RS.7330. SO ANY PHONE IS WORST BEFORE THIS IN THIS RANGE OF PHONES. THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For the user who is looking for a reasonably priced, highly functional work phone, the Nokia Lumia 520 meets every requirement and is great value for money. If you are used to working with Windows, there is virtually no transition time in terms of getting used to this phone and setting it up to make things easy and quick. I really like the live tiles which instantly give access to mails/messages/updates/search pages etc. All in all a great tool.
First of all thank u Flipkart once again and also WS Retail.U all again proved that u r the best.I got my phone just in 1 day.wow !! amazing..The phone I received was awesome the packaging was superb.The camera quality is HD and too amazing .its also very easy to use and stylish.I would like to tell everyone dat go for this phone its really nice.
this phone is truly a master piece.Gr8 work by microsoft.This phone is available in the market at the price of 9000 but on flip. its just for 8100 which makes it a very good deal. coming to the phone this has less ram but in my usage where the phone is loaded with games this phone performed well.it has just 1 disadvantage that it does n t have a front cam. otherwise the phone is truly awesome!!!!!!
Although Nokia has huge reputation, this product is not worth. The lock button stopped working within a month. My friend also purchased one and he has to replace the entire piece. I advice buy it at you own risk.
good phone it was delivered on time even before expected time..and it is a very nice phone i have been using it for last 3 months..
lumia 520 is best mobile than Samsung & other mobile, but it's app store is not user friendly. camera is good, sound is also good. display - touch are superb, some games not support windows lumia 520 phone,
Speakers gone bad within ten days of purchase, i can not hear anything while making calls. later i found that it is very common problem with Lumia 520. I made a return request which was rejected by the seller without giving any reasons. Now i have made a replacement request, lets see what they have to offer now. My suggestion, Do not buy this cheap piece of trash. Cant rate it below 1.
the product was good at this price range. but lack of problems with this phone, like, if you play game after 5 minutes the phone heats. and the RAM is 512MB but it OK. i think at this price the phone was best.
Hi, I am using this device from 6 months now and i would not advice anyone to buy it because the very basic feature of calling is the worst in this device. It does not catch the network only. I have the SIM of best network avaiable in my city & still i dont get the netwoork in this mobile. When i put the same sim in another mobile i get the complete network. This phone is not worth a penny that ways. Thanks
Good to use... best in camera quality and touch... need video recording good Let your personality shine through, but it's equally important to provide facts to back up your opinion.
I brought Lumia 520 ,I recieved only two days and very good responce and good products,windows mobile options and futures are very good,and applications are also good
firstly thankz to the Rs.150 off offer from flipkart .. i hav bagged it for just 7k . thnkz flipkart wil b waitng for more offers and about the mobile its an awesome phone at throw away prize .. very light to use .. doesnt hang .. gud photo clarity ,nd very smooth touch .. dr is no other phone u can choose for budget this low :)
I am very happy with both Nokia and Flipkart. Flipkart has been always on the top of my priority on e-commerce site. A good service provider, and the quality is phone too good and none can beat this phone in this price segment.
Hi friends . my name is faisal . even though i didnt purchase this phone from flipkart .. i would like to say u that this is one of the best phone i have used .. I have used this phone for 8months .. in that 8months time .. i didnt find any lag and the camera quality is very good . the battery life s the best as compared to other phones .. i am not a gaming freak .. but the phone is really awesome .. there is no problem at all .. i am looking back to purchase 1 gb ram or more one phone in the upcoming few days .. and guess what i lost my windows phone . as i am looking for one of used second phone . becuz i just love this phone .. this phone has really hepled me during my presentation work .. And the biggest advantage in this is that viber works yaar . an 8 k budget phone and u getting viber thats dam cool .. dont think on it just buy .. u want to know anymore y are free to call me
This is an amazing phone and now at a amazing price. I am using this phone from last 1 month and didn't find any fault in it. I'm using it for endless talking, browsing and to watch online videos from you tube. Its the Best Windows phone at this price.
If you think spending more money in electronic gadgets is useless, then you can go for this phone for sure. Pros : * It looks very stylish. * Very good touch sensitivity. Stops where you want to stop. * Awesome camera quality, when compared with 5mp camera of other mobiles. * Very user friendly, while using multiple windows. Cons: * Little disappointed with Music quality. I wont say it is bad. It is good when listened in a silent room. But not that good while travelling. * No music equalizer available. If this is rectified by Nokia, Music would be awesome. * Phone gets heated up, if used while charging. I think its very common. All these cons can be ignored, as you will not get as many good things for just 7K. Worth Spending.
phone is delivered fast.. some times the phone is getting hanged and ringer does not work some times.
I am very happy with both Nokia and Flipkart. Flipkart has been always on the top of my priority on e-commerce site. A good service provider, and the quality is phone too good and none can beat this phone in this price segment.
Loved the phone ..color to handling .. Windows OS is awesome Flipkart delivered as usual before time without and reminder
Nokia Lumia 520....just Great ! Very much value for money... Great design and a good build quality... Thanks flipkart....
Below Rs 8000 this phone is clear winner..head phone is average..camera at day light is good.go for it
This was my gift to Dad, was delivered on time promised. This is my dad's first smartphone and he loves it.
* its camera quality is good. * its speed is good * Simple in use * outer Looking is good * This is best phone at this rate
The best budget phone one can get. Just close your eyes and get this phone in case you are looking for a phone in 8,000 to 9,000 price brackets. And thanks flipkart for the prompt delivery.
Positives Good touch sensitivity Nice to handle Good display Negatives Poor battery life It heats up when wifi is on and used in other devices Overall worth for what you pay
phone is good but apps are not in nokia play store ,hardware good camera good, looking nice,why nokia not providing apps like android ,why nokia not make pure android phones whayyyyyyyy
my nokia lumia 520 purchased through flipkart came 3 days in advance than the estimated time to deliver. my phone too is working very fine. thanks to flipkart
am very happy to receive my mob as already used this mob before can't wait in using this again as i lost the before one ... got it with complete protected wrappings nice. but didn't got any bill kinda thing as before ...
JUST LOVED THE PRODUCT!!! I have recommend this product like everyone who is finding phone in this price range, the best feature in this phone is the battery backup and the camera features of this phone.
Faster delivery, Robust Packaging and above all, Quality and Genuine Product. Right destination for the people who wanna do hassle free purchases, especially in case of electronic gadgets.
Nokia Lumia 520 have wassup but no use cant share any Videos and Audio or songs, even have Bluetooth but no use cant share any thing. If we want to delete one song from the folder cant delete. need to delete folder so bad, Better to use basic model. I suggest kindly do not take this phone...... I had taken and return back..... Thank you to Flipkart team taking back this phone.
520 is a great mobile at the price.. I got it for 7480, white color.. Touch is super sensitive.. Windows OS is quite new to me, yet to get used to.. No flash -- otherwise camera quality is good.. Voice clarity is super as always from Nokia..
Looking at market trend and price/specs competition, lumia 520 is a must GO ( prefer renowned brand)if you are looking for a phone in 7K range. I bought this phone for my mom and she is using it from last 5 months and I must say it performed really well. Battery backup is quite decent. The only con I would say is its size (a slimmer phone would look more good).
Title says it all, though this phone does not lag, and has an excellent camera, and everything else, you can get the 525 with even better features at 2000 extra
I bought this mobile for my hubby as our anniversary gift.. and he loved it.. awesome phone.. good looks.. and above all... runs smoothly ....
No words to say it's an amaging one,finally i got lumia 520.f you will compare this model with any of the existing android with 1ghz processor it is far far better than all of them.
Its simple and budget windows phone. Its good for people who are in lower end of budget and are nokia or windows phone. Battery end a day with moderate use. Pros:- Doesn't lag Is cheap in comparison Con:- No front camera No flash in rear
Nokias build quality and windows os both are great. good option at this rate. Moreover the expected windows update should make this even more worthwhile to android options as none can match the performance / Price ratio.
Nokias build quality and windows os both are great. good option at this rate. Moreover the expected windows update should make this even more worthwhile to android options as none can match the performance / Price ratio.
From last 2weeks i m using nokia Lumia 520, i tried most popular games n apps in this, unmatchable performance at this range smart phone, this i got for 7.5k frm flipkart, but frnds here i suggest to you one thing, don't use Photosynth app in this, otherwise camera will gone after using this app from long, sunlight photos n videos too Good, but in this temple run 2 & subway surfs games will not work due to low range of ram, from these kind of issues nokia announced 525 with 1 gb of ram, so if u r ready to pay extra 2k, go with Lumia 525.
Its a awesome phone in budget .....now it supports subway and temple run...and its touch is very smoothly with nokia reputation ....i use it for 3months no probs thank u nokia nd thanks flipkart for ur awesome delivery
I was already using Lumia 720 and was impressed with its performance. I needed a budget phone for my wife, so I decided to go for Lumia 520.
I upgraded to 8.1 preview............Not official.................What i got ..........I will tell u........ 1. Notification: Shortcut on & off of wifi, location, brightness, blue-tooth only 4 option which u can replace any option but data cellular option missing. 2. Battery Saver : In this application u can see which application using more battery and u can stop any application like facebook, weather, music etc etc for good battery backup. 3. Storage Sense : This application will show u about application memory and application data good but no option to delete application data ( If memory full u have no option but to uninstall application) 4. Camera : U will love the camera shortcut options to go any application or share with everyone. 5. Keyboard: Fastest typing speed beat every one. (Best) 6. Background Tiles: Now u can select which ever Wallpaper u want for ur tiles. (But still they r giving dark and light option for background....:P) Some applications missing in 8.1 preview like Cortana, USB tethring...........But overall good than previous version..........Hope they will add missing options in 8.2 update :)
Pros: The phone build is good Love the screen Rarely stutters Awesome camera Editing apps are decent Touch sensitivity is great Nokia music is just too good. Wide collection and great offers Cons: Windows OS is not much customizable Updates and large files require WiFi, there is no option to download large files through mobile network Not many apps in the store Multitasking on the default OS version is not easy, you cannot close apps from the mlti task view(I have heard that updates have solved this but not sure). If you opt for threaded view on group messages it will send mms instead of sms and you will be charged accordingly. Mostly this phone's potential is only limited by it's OS.
well this is the best phone in this range. The operating system is superbly optimised and run like MILKHA SINGH. if you will compare this model with any of the existing android with 1ghz processor it is far far better than all of them.
very nice phone under this cost . android phones are good when u bought that for 20k but this phone is very gud for this money . a very gud budget product . if we buy android phone for 9k that gives lot of disappointment for us but this makes us to tell very nice there is no hanging problem and it doesn't bugs working nice . if u want to buy a low cost phone with a look of costly phone u can buy this .
Compare to android, this OS works very fluid without any lag. Full fills my requirement like checking email, games (Angry Bird, Hill Climb, Temple run) all works without any lag. Pros: Value for money Very fluid performance. No lag Audio out put is loud and good Popular games are available Black update really works nice (double tap to wake screen is very useful) Cons: No common notification area No audio Eq No video player like MX and default file share (not so important for me)
Already well known one by everyone. Good one. Very light weight mobile phone. Budget mobile. Good economy windows mobile phone.
I am totally satisfied with these phone and the features is also awesome. Its camera quality is good and buying these phone does'nt dissapointed me.
Nice customer care from flipkart. Damaged product was replaced with in a week. Product is easy to use. It is very rigid. Battery life is very good. Stylish design and handy.
I have personally used the Nokia Lumia 520 and it is a great product from usability aspect. I gifted one to my dad as well on this his birthday. He had never used a smartphone in life but was easily able to access the Lumia's Windows user interface. The only area of improvement in this phone, is its battery that does not even last 1 full day, if using the phone's feature extensively. Otherwise an excellent product, overall. Cheers to Lumia.
This is a nice phone...Fast & easy to handle......very good model for windows lovers.. i used it last 2 months,but there was no hanging problems.Display is more better than other mobiles,camera quality was so good...soooooo good.... But one drawback is no frnt camera and no flash....Thanks Flip kart...
Only 1 cons : Flash is not available. Otherwise awesome phone at very reasonable price. In some specs, ahead from any android phone. Fits in all corner : Display, battery backup, gaming, business/email, ms-office, app store. Kid's corner is another awesome feature. Again want to purchase this phone, if get any opportunity.
Only 1 cons : Flash is not available. Otherwise awesome phone at very reasonable price. In some specs, ahead from any android phone. Fits in all corner : Display, battery backup, gaming, business/email, ms-office, app store. Kid's corner is another awesome feature. Again want to purchase this phone, if get any opportunity.
Its really a very good device. amazing camera quality and very friendly GUI. But there are things which windows shall need to work out, such as too less number of apps, and again it has a centralized sound system. Once you decrease the music player's sound your ringing volume decreases side by side. Built in media players should be dealt with. You can not just skip to any part of the video...you have to drag yourself. Its a good phone bt needs to be updated more soon.
Proud to say i am having lumia 520,great features likes GPS offline,games,mic quality with noise cancellation tecnology.very great no one give this features with in this rate.Super service flipkart doing........
Best phone in this price range. Works without lag or hang. Clear screen and awesome UI of windows makes this phone more remarkable. If you are not android fanatic or want to give nokia a chance, this phone will open new doors for you.
LUMIA 520....is really a smartphone. At a low price it offers good looks,good camera also it has good hardware
Exceptional phone ,great price, screen clarity is good ,but no front cam overall a great buy for this price,thank u flipkart
ORDERED IT YESTERDAY NYT AND FLIPKART DELIVERED IT THROUGH EKART LOGISTICS BY TODAY NOON.. WHAT AN INCRDBL DELIVRY SERVICE , WITHIN 10000 DIS ONE IS THE BEST mobile OPTION
its awesome phone on windows platform.I m using this phone since 1 year but no problems at all. camera quality is good.user friendly.looks good.
1.On time delivery by flipkart. 2.screen is as silky as it can be... 3.Excellent display,camera quality.
firstly flipkart has an awsome service such a nice packing and awsome delivery in 2 days . now phone firstly what a nice os extremly user friendly ram is also gr8 max usefull apps r free nd there are no apps which is not in windows nd do not cmpare it frm android . touch u know its nokia. spekars r aloso good. cam is gr8 in night also with little bit light also works fine it night mode adjust img with low lights. the only cons is ph get heats up while charging continious use of 4-5 hrs . overaal the best phone under 8k.
Good phone with decent graphics and quite light to hold, though the plastic doesnt seem too great. But hey, A Windows phone at that price is worth every penny!
Absolute value for money. Superb screen and touch interface. All premium features in an entry level handset.
no need of any words simply superb no need of any words simply superb no need of any words simply superb no need of any words simply superb
Windows operating system in the phone is good.Though the tracker is there,we lost the phone in 10 days of purchase,we are not able to use the tracker.I find that if the user manual letters are big enough it would have been easy for us to read and we would have used the tracker on and it would have been useful to us when we lost it.
Nokia Lumia hangs quite a lot of time. While taking picture, or taking calls, the phone hangs making us unable to continue. It has to be switched off and on again and again to restart all its functionalities like data connectivitiy, phone book, camera etc. People who have a medium budget and have low use of phone can opt for this. People who are looking for durability shouldn't go with this
i want it yr i really want it yr its awsm but i it cant sent to my location why the selles not shipped at my location i realy want it yr alwar mein send karna shuru kar do na jisse hum bhi iska fayda utha sake
Nokia's Lumia range has been a breeze since the launch of Windows Phone 8 OS. I have been already using Lumia 1520 as my primary phone for more than 4 months. The live tile interface gives the phone a lively look and sets it apart from its iOS or Android counterparts. When I needed a secondary phone for myself, I was no inclined on spending a lot. So settled for a Lumia 520. Despite its low price tag, it does not disappoint at all. The interface is quite fluid and lively. The build quality of the phone is several notches above its Android rivals in the same price range. A big thumbs up from my to Nokia. Getting it delivered through Flipkart was icing on the cake.
1st of All one-day delivery is awesome. phone is v.good in terms of quality nice display, social-usable camera. good performance overall.
This product is over all good. But one major set back. No file explorer. When we want to attach a file , it is very difficult to locate it.
No complain for either the product or service. 520 is the best phone in these price category. Only problem is that the headphone quality is not up to the mark.
I'm big Nokia Phone, this my 14th Nokia Phone. I even Used Nokia Lumia 510 but its far better version with Windows 8 and will be even better as Windows 8.1 rolling out this Month with Cortana. Still lots of things Windows need to work on its OS. But I just switched over Apple when I heard Windows coming with Karbonn and Lava. It was a long affair with Nokia its time to end this. All those want to buy budget smartphone this is best bet and far better than any Android phone.
I am an engineer & Project manager by profession and my job calls for extensive travelling and few rough tasks at site to show the team. This phone is sturdy enough defending Nokia's reputation. Battery is average, apps are lesser compared to Android (OK for me), and no major technical glitches. Fell from hands on rocks too several times. Display broke and got rectified but no change in performance. Its a stone phone!!
a nice product got from flipkart .love to us elumia 520 perfomance is so better than other android phones
Good simple alternative to may already existing xperia z. Nokia maps is really good. Only thing windows mobile is not the best os to use.
I have used this phone for now nearly 6 months.. it has all the features and all main applications are available to download. touch is very nice ...i think more good then iphone :P I have not found any major issue with this phone. quite rare 2- 3 times it also got hanged that I was not able to do anything on screen. Ultimately I had to restart it to resolve the problem.. but i think its due to windows.. as we all know how window is,..
Recently I bought this phone. Lumai 520 seems out dated.Its far behind Android. operating is difficult as compared to Android. windows doesn't work in full measure. i would recommend to go for Android. we can relay on Flipkart.
First and the most important thing is budget,if you are planning to buy smartphone in below 10,000 Rs. go for it ,it is value for money phone . Perfect price Reilable OS Good touch Good battery backup Good camera Handy on palm its worth better than low range android phone.
Market Price : 9200[Nokia Priority Dealer] / 8800[Retailer] "O Shit, Itz Too Far From My Range" Was My Reaction, Nd Than Remembered Flipkart.com. I Wanted To Gift It To My Brother And Was Tracking The Price From A Month, And The Day Of Buying It Was Decreased To Wat I Expected For My Budget That Was Perfect, Thats Vast Difference Between Market Price And Flipkart Price. And Guess What, The Product Came In Perfect Condition And Everything Is Perfect With It. Thank You WS Retailer And Flipkart, You Are The Main Reason Of My Younger Brothers Happiness. Best Wishes, And Make More People Happy By Your Efforts, They Need It.. :)
Nokia lumia is very good at touch and display than other phones in this range. But it has serious drawbacks from Android. previously i was android user, now i feel very difficult to work with it. these are some serious drawbacks which i encountered 1. Volume control- Only one master volume is there, we not having any seperate media volume, if we decrease media volume all other volumes goes down. 2. you cannot view your mail pictures. 3. You cannot easily share your media to other mobiles. 4. You cannot download videos by minimizing 5. You cannot attach gallery medias to whatsapp, etc 6. Apps will stored only in phone memory, you cannot switch to memory card. 7. No file manager in this device as on android. 8. No video player apps like mx player.
the secret lumia520 is its have best camera in this price range in whole market. pros : good battery life attractive look easy to use no hanging problem best camera cons : sound quality is not too good not have gr8 apps like play store but i bet in this price range you never got a camera quality this phones contains, about FLIPKART SERVICE THE PRODUCT IS DELIEVER AFTER 5 DAYS OF DELIEVRY DATE.
Good phone with almost all the features. As it is a windows phone it rarely hangs and also the battery backup is very good. It almost end for 2 days. The wifi is working very fine. No problem in last 2 months.
The entire process of scanning the choices of different cell phones, selection and then placing the order could be processed smoothly even for a layman like me. The tracking of the order was also seamless and the final delivery was before schedule. It was overall a very satisfying experience. This was not my first purchase through Flipkart and certainly would not be my last.
good best one excellent better backup but demerit iz it has no update and games are not working properly but still it z the best one and NET Z VERO SLOW TRUST ME AS IT IS NOT HSPA+ SO INTERNET Z VERY SLOW
Thank you very much for sending the goods promptly. It's an amazing phone at this rate. I looking forward for more products from flipkart.
After using Lumia 520 for 8 months here is my review. This phone is an average phone. Windows OS system not good compared to Android OS. Phone lacks many features 1. Flash is not there but outdoor shoots in day light are good. 2. Music player is not good u cannot make custom playlist and cannot edit playlist. Equalizer is absent. 3. You cannot access SD card but can play music n videos from it through the player. You cannot install Apps from SD card so u r forced to download file on mobile n Pay for data charges. 4. Cannot customize ringtones n wallpaper u have to choose what Nokia has given. Not good themes. 5. Limited Apps. 6. Difficult to get update through 3G because it forces us to use WiFi network for update. It shows connected to WiFi but it doesn't ask for login name n password of WiFi. 7. Loses touch sensitivity while getting call. U cannot answer call without pushing power button. 8. Repeatedly gets disconnected 3g. 9. overall its a crap piece. Dont buy. Few good things 1. Display is good and built quality is good.
The best windows phone at this range! I'm a windows lover and sure who are will enjoy the mobile most! The better look with 4 inches which is bigger than 620! Touch response is best in this range with IPS display even Samsung S Duos at 8k range is TFT screen ! No front cam but if dont need a front cam there is no problem! Camera is best and various editing options with nokia smart shoot and cinemagraph! Waitng for 8.1 update which makes the phone better in all aspects! CPU and Ram are good enough at this range and if your not a lover of high end gaming then its not a choice for you! No lagging till now after one day usage!! Battery is okay you can get a day usage! Most of the apps we need daily are present in store and its enough for us. MOst important WP8 is mostly protected and dont need a antivirus! Overall You have the best phone at this price range and go for it
when i used lumia 520 at first i thought it has nothing no apps and all but after sometime i realised that nokia made it for me xD because i never liked android and that app shit and iphone is just left for show off buisness , Nokia the ever ever champions have made it again.
I purchased this mobile few days back,and i must say its a excellent mobile and can be a option to replace android. Its interface and touch is v good. And its a must buy product,camera quality is also up to the mark by considering the price. Battery backup is of 1 day.
just a superb phone..camera is just awesome plays games widout any lag.n videos too the best feature is nokia music.. i used dis phone for 3 mnths n very much satisfied by phone n flipkarts service....
NOKIA LUMIA 520 IS THE BEST BUDGET SMART FONE AVAILABLE IN THE MARKET. FLIPKART OFFERING THE SAME 7.5K IS TOO AWESOME. AT MKT AVAILABLE AT 8800-9000 RANGE. FLIPKART IS AWESOME. WINDOWS 8, 5MP CAMERA WITH ALL D BEST HD QUALITY & PANORAMA IS THE BEST IN IT. I HAD BOUGHT 1 IN OCT BUT IT GOT PICKPOCKETED & I WAS COMPELLED TO BUY THIS ONE ONLY AGAIN COZ OF THE AWESOME FEATURES. LOVELY TOUCH. FEATHER TOUCH & THE BLACK COLOR OF THE PHONE IS JUST TOO STYLISH
Lumia 520 is the best choice who don't use apps much ........ Lumia 520 doesn't have flash .. Camera is bit low quality due to no flash ...
it is really awsome mble! making frndshp with it will take some days bt if got it means u will nevr liv without it!
Not good. the apps installation is tedious process. DOES NOT GOOGLE PLAY. Its better to buy MotoG with few thousand more.
This is the low end model of nokia lumia. It does not dent your budget. If you do not want to go for non-android mobile then i think this should first in your list.
I've pre ordered this phone and have been using this for last 3 days. Been using a lot of android phones till now and was bored of waiting for even call log to appear on them. Pros : - · Thinner than expected and feels good in hands · Camera does a good job, a lot of innovative lenses to choose from. · Silky smooth UI which never hangs · Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on · Games never hang or lag · Offline maps with Nokia Here works smoothly (Still Google maps are better) · Nokia music lets you download all latest and old songs direct to the phone. Even regional language songs. · Full MS office suit. · Build quality is awesome with a mat finish on its back which gives a firm grip. Cons:- · Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present. · No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation. For the price, this phone is too good to resist. It has got everything to win your heart. The colours on the screen appears very sharp and real. I really cant think of any other phone which can give you these features even above 15k. For those who are still thinking about the apps, one quick info - only Microsoft and Apple checks every apps before its put In the marketplace. Android has lots of apps, but most of them are buggy, they either drain out your battery or consume all the resources which results in poor performance. Every app in windows store is verified for its quality and you can be sure, it wont slow down your phone. In android if you install a few apps, the phone will start slowing down. But I tried around 30 apps installed in windows. No slowing down was noticed. I believe we should be looking at the quality of apps than the quantity. Go ahead, buy this phone, you wont regret :)
Flipkart sold this product at the lowest price compared with any other online or traditional seller. Got it delivered within a day.
Flipkart delivery in 2 days. Used this phone for close to a year now. Excellent windows phone under 8k. No problem with apps on windows platform as most useful apps are available. Camera is great but lacks flash.
THE BEST MOBILE EVER AT THIS PRICE RANGE......! BEST TOUCH SCREEN, BEST DISPLAY CLARITY, BEST CAMERA, (ESPECIALLY AUTO FOCUS) BEST SPEAKERS, BEST WIFI COVERAGE, BEST QUALITY APPS IN STORE. The one and only problem that is battery...
I bought Nokia Lumia 520. Excellent piece. Delivery in just 2.5 days. Excellent packing. Flipcart is one of the most reliable sites. For windows 8 OS certain banking applications are not available. Else it is fine. Works fast. NO hanging.
I bought this in flipkart it's really in good condition so don't worry to buy a mobile thru flipkart.
I am using this phone and its working amazingly ,have a great look with decent camera and with the trust of nokia :)
Much much better than any Android phone, all necessary apps are available on windows store. Just a great phone....................................................
This phone is the best in my view... If you have a tight budget then you should buy this phone.... I think windows phone is better than android phone.... It is quit difficult for a common person who have not use windows 8 in their pc.... But who have used then this phone is easy to use and also very interesting....
Good smart phone under 8K. The interface is very smooth. The phone memory is 8 GB out of which you get around 5.5 GB for your use. The photos and other stuff can be stored on SD card. If you want to play games and then this is not a good choice. Good for browsing internet, facebook, twitter etc.
Great phone, great for my dada since he keeps breaking every six months or so! T The only issue with this phone is that there's no secondary camera or for that matter a flash but great buy. Value for money. And Flipkart of course is quite impeccable when it comes to deliveries!
I own an iPhone 3GS and iPhone 4. Now, after getting this Nokia Lumia 520, I really think for what did I pay soo much extra money - just to get a fruit logo on my phone's back case! Lumia is just perfect, really nice touch screen, lots of apps in nokia and windows store, excessively cost effective (considering that I got an iPhone 4 for 30K and Lumia 520 for 7K).. nice interface, decent camera (iphone 4 has a better cam). Doesn't have a front facing camera - but I didn't really need one. To me, this is much better than any crappy android phones (even the ones in 25-30K range) which tout about octa core and multi-gbs of ram. they are really meant to work for not more than a year and comes with a lot of bugs and security issues. iPhone has a different standing and it comes at a hefty price and that status lives for a year until the next iphone gets released. This is a near perfect phone (from the presently available options) - gives you WiFi, HotSpot, 3G, microSD support and everything which could be a requirement for the mass.
nice product. easy to download apps. but battery standing (if wifi or doataconnection is used) is less.
Good Product. Delivered within a day by flipkart. ***** Over all good experience with the product. made my nephew bday awesome by wonderful gift.
The product was delivered to us promptly & in good condition. The product is not so good. Heats up with an hours usage!
Design and look wise it is good, light weight, handy but functionally I did not feel like other android mobile thought its windows but hard to understand and get the settings easily.
Good screensize of 4 inches.Good ppi.(Pixels per inch).latest software.Becomes a little slow after amber update....but becomes very fast after Nokia black update.Awesome apps in the store.Good camera.Is very durable.Has many features and a HSDPA speed of 21.4 Mbps.Does not lag at all.Back cover is customizable.IT has a very long battery life.In ideal use battery lasts for about 2 days.Social integration is best in windows phone.Especially the people app.not so much customizable as android.supersensitive responsive touchscreen.Pretty light weight!GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY!
I received the phone today .....service of flipkart was fantastic 5/5 Windows phone is very good ...you will love it..
The product was delivered well within the time specified & pretty good condition. The Lumia 520 is the best sub 8k Camera phone, albiet on Windows 8 OS, but genuinely an option for persons looking for a great all round handset on a budget with better Lense. The delivery to a remote ( ? ) NE Capital city, where the recent limit of upto 5k products has been imposed was quiet ok. Hope Flipkart will soon lift the embargo on limiting products of Rs 5k or less to us in Shillong.. we are a capable lot too!
I purchased this Phone for my wife, who has been using Nokia Lumia 520 for last few months. The processor is fast. We found that the navigation is easy and windows software is user friendly. Only issue is unable to take night / low light photographs. Otherwise it is a nice buy at the price range of 8k.
Don't think... just buy.... It's an awesome phone... There's lots of apps & games available in Windows store.... It' the new generation phone... There's lots more to say...
Nokia tried their best but windows 8 is really an awful OS. IT doesn't even have a file browser and its called a smartphone? Bluetooth doesn't work properly and since file browser doesn't exist you can't even search files transferred by bluetooth! Camera is average but No FLASH! Windows store lacks any useful apps. So if u just want a good looking phone without any real smartphone functionality then this is good. Otherwise better look at other brands.
As long as my experience is concerned Nokia Lumia 520 appears to be best in class. All the features committed by the manufacturer are fully functional, and up to the my best of satisfaction. I recommend it as a very good buy given the price and the features included. Overall a happy and satisfying experience!!
This phone is really good. Best phone in its quality. Good battery backup Nice UI Awesome Touch in its class Device was delivered on time.
This mobile phone has hell lot of features, but nothing seems to working. The phone is drastically slow. FM is not clear, video streaming is as speed as turtle. camera is poor even in bright sunlight. A smart phone only for text contents, not suitable for multimedia.
Excellent phone at this price. Windows 8 works smooth. Touch is great. Apps are catching up. Camera is great. flash would have made it better. but that's for high end models!
This is the 3rd Lumia I am buying..very good product by Nokia and very good pricing. flipkart delivery is also very good.
excellent delivery in 1day...good job flipkart...the phone is in perfect condition...and I would say lumia 520 is the best at its price. i bought it at 6999/- from flipkart. its a myth about windows that its not good...simply superb...go for it...
Excellent service by Flipkart as usual.Lumia 520 is a budget smartphone with excellent look,good battery backup,apps oriented,best camera. Overally worth value for money....
I bought this phone and was seeing the features its really good. I am using an Iphone since 7 years and bought this to gift it. the features really impressed me a lot. some people may complain of LED flash/secondary camera...but other wise its real value for money. it does most of the things that an Iphone does. I can bet on that. for the first timers its just a great phone. dont bother about LED flash/secondary camara...as people hardly use it. so other features are just fantastic. kamal
1) Best in its segment/range 2) Never hangs like android phones. My mobile never got hanged in last 6 months inspite of more than 40 external apps installed. Android would have died in this scenario. 3) UI is easier and much simpler than android and also you will love Tiles in WP 4) Battery backup is ok 5) Screen resolution is Good. 6) Camera is good too.. 7) Outlook is always best. 8) Almost all basic and required apps are there. 9) Cant send audios/videos in wats app 10) Cant record audio in your mobile with WP8 In starting i felt this phone is not good when I was not able to send audios in wats app but when I saw people using android in this segment and no one is happy because android phone hangs atleast once or twice a day....... Now i feel its really worth it :)
Bought the lumia 520 in April '13 on an impulse. Since windows phone was still relatively new then, I was hesitant to buy anything other than the entry level phone. I must say that Nokia does not disappoint in terms of ruggedness, aesthetics and support. WP8 is an entirely different kettle of fish, though. Some of its eccentricities (aka "features") are rather irritating to live with and basic phone functions (dialing and texting) seem to be afterthoughts. The home screen with the live tiles is something I'm still in love with after a year. The app situation is still somewhat shaky and I see no real improvement in the time I have been using it. Rumour has it that all WP8.1 is significantly improved and I shall wait for the update before buying another Windows phone. The tech specs were tremendous at the price point when the phone was introduced last year and even now, it holds its ground fairly well against the competition unless you compare it with Micromax or Xolo.
I was forced to return the product due the flickering sensation on the screen while trying to take snaps. This can either happen due to damaged camera or due to bad display.
If I start to write its cons that will be endless even a java phone has better management options. Don't have a file manger. U can't manage ur files. U have to back up ur contents in cloud only.... And lots of other problems...don't buy this. Go for any android.
I just received the Phone today,NOKIA lumia 520- This production might not have all the gimmick what most of people are looking for, it for all those who just want a phone with extra feature like e-mails, whatapps, Chats etc. Value for Money phone. This is first items ever i purchased through Flipkart, it was very nice experience, as promised it was delivered to me next day. I did opt for in day delivery option.
I think the price available here is the least possible price, you will not find this price anywhere in the market. I myself searched through the market but the price was not lesser than 8K but here in flipkart it was just 7k. You can save 1k here...what else do you want. Talking about the device...its the best budget smartphone you will find in market. Lumia 525 is better with 1GB RAM but also 2k more priced than Lumia 520. But only if you are a high end gamer then you must buy 525. And who says there are no apps available here..??? visit www.windowsphone.com , you will get all that you need. What i found best in windows phone is it's UI (User Interface)...its just AWESOME...(before this phone i had a XPERIA) But i will say its much better than that in terms of UI and its touch. But im also facing problem...the device is getting hot soon...especially when using browsing internet. BUt may be this is a common problem with all the smartphones. And as usual FLIPKART is the best...got the product within 36 hours.
Hy friends i am going to buy a new smartphone, my bugjet is 10k. two phones are in my ming Lumia520 amd samsung s duos to. I want to use the phone mainly for internet browsing and listening music. I want to use whats app and face book. Some body told me that it is very difficult to use fb in windows phone, Some body give me a relevant answer.
1. the games ohhhhh for every 100k games in android ,windows have one game for free (not all the games are free , even angry bird costs re55) 2. coming to apps (F****) ... where are apps (where gone MX PLAYER ??? ... ) 3. charge is 75% ok (coz i hardly use my mobile and its the stand by capacity ie 9hours) 4.X box has to be installed for playing games 5. inbuild 8 gb and almost 3gb goes for phone 6.sound effect disappoints 1. camera is ok 2.contact interfacing was good 3.no twitter or fb apps are needed coz its binded with phone and i love it seein on my windows phone 4.perfomance was alright 5.look was trendy NOTE : IF YOU ARE AN ANDROID USER NEVER THINK OF SWITCHING FOR WINDOWS ,YOU WILL FEEL DESERTED.. (by my exp from using TAB 7.0 user for 2 year)
Best budget phone. After 6 months still no lag. games work smooth. lots of apps. thanks for the 8 gb internal memory. regular updates to the firmware. cant ask for more Happy customer of nokia.
I have bought this 6 months back. and I am having a outstanding experience about this phone. Very good battery back up. Compatible with all application. good memory. good touch screen, good looking and very good primary camera. Price is reasonably low. You will not find this type of smart phone in this range in other model. Go for it
RAM is low not a good phone hang problem is more applications are not properly run speed is slow processing
I bought this product last year & it still seems to be giving a good competition to other reliable brand products (including Nokia itself - Nokia X) Positives: 1> Looks, sturdiness, ease of use, no hangups/freezes Negatives: 1> None as such Future Expectation: 1> Dual SIM (Lumia 630 & 635 will soon cover this one)
I bought this phone on the month of Jan 2014. The Phone is Really Superbb by Batterybackup,Browsing Speed,Camera and otherthings.. But I was really frustrated why do i have premium of pay in plenty of applications.. Cant Play a Good Games like Subway Surfers,Football,Cricket... Its Better if they load plenty of Games to this Phone.. And also there are many applications missing in this phone..
I bought this mobile for my friend , before buying I swilled almost all possible reviews and decided to buy this only. i was using Lumia 720 so I was assured about its performance, In mid range windows phone this device is peerless. Camera quality is also very satisfactory. If anyone looking for a nice phone , this could be a good choice.
this product is made in china..made in china back side of mobile and box on we show it. so be care full.. other wise this product is best and so match with nokia mobile. it is same as nokia lumia 520. touch screen is complete camera clearity is ovesome every thing is best... without his making place.. MADE IN CHINA
Happy with the product as I am a first time user of a Windows phone.I have always been a Nokia fan and will always be one because of the quality of their products.Go for quality!
Product was delivered in time in a good shape & it was a good mobile to buy. But problem started after 3 months now. Its getting switch off & restarting on its own. Many say purchases from online will have some minor problem.. Seems i have agree that now. Plz be careful before purchase....
Pros - 1. The Windows UI. 2. Office. 3. Pictures taken through the camera have really good quality, specially when compared to other android devices in this segment. Pictures of someone's written college notes come fantastically sharp! Big plus here. 4. Photos (and even videos) automatically get uploaded to OneDrive once configured. 5. Battery lasts almost 2 days (when not using WiFi and Bluetooth and Gaming extensively). 6. Comes with quite a few photo editing apps from Lumia itself (Lumia Cinemagraph, Lumia Creative Studio). Cons - Price tag of 10k is WAY too high. 1. PDF reading is not too smooth. There are 3 PDF reading apps available in total (including Adobe Reader and Microsoft's PDF reader). Also, two of these crash when you try to play around with the touch in zoomed view while reading a PDF. 2. Even the pics copied from your laptop/computer to the phone do not get displayed under the albums many a times. 3. Since there is no file manager-like capability in Windows Phone 8 (though it has been brought in 8.1), there is no other way to find the files in your phone if the respected app (default music player/picture viewer/PDF reader/Office) does not detect it. It is expected that the app will detect new files automatically, which it does not many a times. 4. Many games like Temple Run often crash due to less RAM (only 512 MB). Subway Surfer is not available for Lumia 520 for this very reason. Even most apps crash when they are minimised for some period (even WhatsApp). 5. App ecosystem is still not at par with android. Overall, I'm frustrated with this phone as it does not satisfy the requirements of a smartphone as you would expect, majorly due to less RAM. 6. No support for a wide range of media playbacks. A stripped down version of MX Player is available as of now but it doesn't perform so good. No VLC for WP yet. Final Verdict - Buy this if you are - 1. A Windows fan.
It is excellent. Display is very good for a phone this cheap. Only con is that it doesn't have as many aps as an android phone
Surprisingly lousy packing from Flipkart, not enough protection from all four sides nor did I get the bill inside package. However delivery was quick. Phone looks but it ain't sturdy and hence I got a cover with it. Phone lags and loses battery very quickly but I guess that's the trend with all smartphones. Having said all that it serves all the basic needs of calling, camera, music player, and net connectivity at an affordable price.
Its an amazing product in this prize range...few things i missed in this phone are the front camera and led flash, but still it made me fall in love with my lumia...
A phone you can bank on and a phone u can carry as well.not a big transistor looking element,its just a good had size phone 4 inches screen size complete bar shaped.Windows 8 with all you can get in Windows office,ms-outlook etc:The price is quite unbelievable as well,so suits your pocket as well.Go for it you will surely not repent.You can buy one phone and multiple back covers so that u can use it as you want to.red yellow black or white,whatever suits your mood for the day. SO Effectively. 1.Suits your hand as its trendy and small. 2. Suits you pocket as its cheap and calm. If you wanna own a phone which is hand and pocket friendly go for Lumia 520. Dont stare here and there just do it dear!!
A phone you can bank on and a phone u can carry as well.not a big transistor looking element,its just a good had size phone 4 inches screen size complete bar shaped.Windows 8 with all you can get in Windows office,ms-outlook etc:The price is quite unbelievable as well,so suits your pocket as well.Go for it you will surely not repent.You can buy one phone and multiple back covers so that u can use it as you want to.red yellow black or white,whatever suits your mood for the day. SO Effectively. 1.Suits your hand as its trendy and small. 2. Suits you pocket as its cheap and calm. If you wanna own a phone which is hand and pocket friendly go for Lumia 520. Dont stare here and there just do it dear!!
Windows phone 8 for Rs.6999 only? this phone has all the features like microsoft office, offline navigation,windows store etc. This phone is perfect for gaming needs, asphalt 8..Go for it its the best phone ever...
best phone in the range, screen is a bit sticky and catches finger prints but can be taken care of using a good quality screen gaurd.
Its a nice value for money product.. I have done the enough market survey before purchasing the product and i am sure that the product is available at his best price.. Not sure about the warranty of the product, since not been to any nokia service center for validating. opted for 1 day shipping.. it was there on time.
It's good phone who wants to spent less money and need branded phone.lumia 520 is basic phone that gives u daily usage apps Like fb whatsapp gmail map music etc.I giving 5 star to this phone.
Very fast. good features, hd recording and photo quality is very nice. 512 mb ram runs this device very speedy. then any other android phone. quick responsive and support of hotmail for contacts, and settings backup is icing on cake. it falls from my hand twice in first 15 days. no matters. Gorila glass is all time hit.no any serious damage in that mishaps. if u update software. you will got a option in 'Transfer of data' to transfer all contacts in sd card. and take them back when u want, best sound quality if you use nokia wh 208 headphones. good bass also. cons. no front camera, no video calling (99% cellphone holders not use this. so who cares) you cannot use sd card for installing apps and cant move apps to sd cards (who cares- its like a computer - windows phone OS on mother drive and all media, music, photo, videos in sd card) but it automatically prevent you from taking unnecessary apps best smartphone in below 7 k range. And yes Flipkart rocks for best delivery.
i have been using this phone for somtime now and its working prety fine, its one the best phone in windows series and its price range
My wife has been using different nokia phones for many years and when there is a question of changing phones and their quality, she would only recommend and go for Nokia. She wanted to try Nokia Lumia for sometime and opted for this model from flipkart. Needless to say, flipkart delivery is unbeatable by any ecom site. We opted for a day delivery option and we have the phone next day afternoon. 5 stars to FK for this. The phone is excellent device within this budget and has all features of a high end phone. The look and feel is awesome and the camera is good for this budget. Overall, very happy with the product.
Nice phone especially for those who are bored from using android phones. touch is amazing and you'll find almost all the apps required by most of us.
The product is awesome. lumia 520 is rightly priced. And the good thing is it will also receive Wp 8.1 update after some months.
I think in Future I will never think About Android Phone to buy after what experience i have got from it. I am not completely but almost satisfy with this budget Limiya 520 Phone.
I bought this phone to my office purpose where we have to answer hundreds of calls everyday. Before trying this, We were using Android phone which was hanging all the time due to RAM issues. Unlike normal phone, android phone keeps searching info and stuff while someone call or we use depend to find trucaller information etc. We wanted to save ourselves a little more stability and finally chose WindowsPhone. WindowsPhone are guarantee for their performance, They never hang nor they keep buzzing you with stupid notifications. Simple interface help my staff to focus on work more than keep playing with app features and errors. The camera is awesome though, it doesn't have flash, but who cares? 5 megapixel camera is great in outer light but it was not my prime focus. Apps are good and overall a recommended device to anyone who is tired of Apps and battery issues. This phone is working fine since I bought last month and batter is great and it works around 1 to 2 days without any hassle. I didn't downloaded apps other than truecaller and whatsapp but I am really happy that it takes only 2-3 seconds to dial a contact from sleep mode. lock-unlock button is quick like iPhone and is great. Camera Key is nice option for steady shot Overall, Suitable for any business person who do not want to compromise with battery or time. Infact, everyphone should be simple as windows. Nokia is great with their quality and I feel, they are going to rock smartphone market very soon.
I have used Android and Win Phones before. WP8 is way better than all that I have used before. 8GB internal memory does seem low the way the phone consumes the memory. 512 GB is good enough but any thing more would have made the WP8 snappier. Overall a good experience especially for the low end mobile.
Flipkart's packing this Time is not good. they packed just a box there is no safety. Then Phone is good. But it heat while we using anything in phone. Just 2 to five mins phone will heat. if you playing games its look like an iron box. Back cover look like a cheap quality. Asha back covers look like better than this. Overall this phone's hardware is good. But outlook panel and heat is only problem for this mobile.
I brought this last month it comes with all the basic features but have less apps then android phones but it is ok for me since I will not use much apps and there is no flash in camera that is the con in this compare to 525 the only diff is 525 have 1gb ram and this is having 512mb ram only who are game lovers can go for 525 else it is ok with 520, whatsapp videos download slowly don't know why will fix this later there are some cons but for the price we give it is worth buying ..
This is a quite good product with very smooth interface. And you are getting all the good brands like Nokia and Microsoft products in quite good price. But doesn't have the flexibility like android both with the app and the OS. -- It is not possible to setup wifi with static ip. (Problem with windows OS not with 520 but upper models also) -- Setting up email account is a headache also . Actually I was not able to setup. -- Can't download more than 50 MB with your 3g connection though you are sure to use that and not bothering about the charges still mobile stops you. -- Don't have software like superbeam by which you can transfer large files over wifi. But if the above are not problem for you then you can go for this product. It is a quite robust and good product. No lagging but windows in mobile os needs some time to get mature...
Value for money. Has all the required features with decent performance. Definitely a good choice for an entry level smartphone.
i have been using this phone since 6 months , and i bought it from flipkart. The phone is working well, sometimes it gets hang(once in a blue moon), but i love this phone.
I order the lumia 520 black yesterday evening and chose standard delivery.........And Today morning 11:00 Am i got my new phone in my hand..........Hats off to flipkart for their exellence service 5**** for flipkart and WS Retail And review product later after usage.........
I got the phone with good package ... but camera button wasn't working.... Now everytime I have to open the camera application...
1.FLIPKART----i got this phone yesterday 1 day before expected date. flipkart delivery is very good. everyone who want to purchase from flipkart. my suggetion is that you should check the price drops for a week. then you can get right reduced price. 2.WINDOWS----thanks windows for such a wonderful system. all those who are tired by android's stickiness just go for windows 3. NOKIA- such a no word for nokia. look is very cool, touch is quite good, all the features which nokia mentioned in specification nokia really give it to us. not like other mobile company. 512MB RAM is ok for this mobile there is no reason to go for NOKIA 525 by more Rs.2000
hey friends ... as said delivery process was smooth and phone was very good in looks and usage , but now i am getting issues that the audio is not working at all (basic functionalitry of a phone :-( ..) , i reported this in nokia care - Marthahalli , they failed to repair it . again i need to reach out to them .if they stil cant to do it , then i thougt of asking a replcament, not sure flipkart will help me here in replacing !..
This review is just only about the product. very very very very low quality hardware.....my device got broken just in my pocket, never fell to the ground......just a little pressure on the screen it will be broken........and most of all very low quality support (support virtually doesn't exist) you won't be able to find the spares (i tried in 4 cities in AP, and even in hyderabad spares are not available almost i tried in 20 nokia care centers, but all my efforts gone in vain)....i have been waiting from the past 2 months and still didnt got my phone restored.........if you want proof just visit your nearest nokia care center, there you can find 90% of the customers having the their lumia screens broken.......and in one of the nokia care center a customer care executive gave me an advice to buy the device from shops who provide insurance.... :( gone are the days of nokia, unlike old days nokia phones are highly fragile than any other device and with no support at all. I guess the reason for this months of waiting to get spares is because almost all the lumia devices are having the same problem (highly fragile) so they are not able to supply the spares as per the demand....
Nothing to say.... but Its Just Awesome !! Got Within 48 Hours Awesome product from nokia and very fast delivery by Flipkart.
very simple to handle it.camera quality not bad. sound good. touch also good.if limited app using good.
Good product. just wished had more RAM. there are certain issue sometimes with the phone functioning normally i guess that is a problem because of RAM because after restarting the phone it works fine.
The product is without any arguments the best in its segment, Add flipkart prices and delivery, the deal went from good to stupendous. I bought two phones for gifting, the experience was really awesome, the prices quoted by the local dealers were exorbitant as compared to Flipkart. 10/10 for flipkart. Cheers to your team, keep up the good work and please revoke this 10k policy from uttar pradesh. Atleast pre paid orders should be allowed as in other parts of the country.
Best budget phone in lumia series so far. Awesome designing and changeable covers. Plus flipkart delivered this product within 2 days as usual.
Bought the phone 10 days back, its absolutely worth the money. and for this money it is too good, if u pay this amount for any samsung phones u wont even get the 50 % of what u get in this mobile. it is sturdy first not like an samsung cheapo phone. FYI , ive placed another mobile same model for my wife today :-).
i have been using Nokia lumia 520 from last 7 month. good phone good battery life, stylish good , nice camera, and apart from that you will get Nokia's application. but ya some other application like watsapp it is not now work as per expectation u cant send music file, video file, update comes but totally waste, some time you will feel hanging issue also.
The product was in best quality with timely delivered. Also pricing is best among all available online portals.
I had purchased Nokia Lumia 520 (Black) from Flipkart on 3 Nov 2013 for Rs 8,149. At that time, Flipkart was selling for Rs 500 extra those handsets which had a red, yellow, blue back panel. As of the date of this review, 8 Apr 2014, Flipkart is offering the same Nokia Lumia 520 (Black) at Rs 7,225, almost at thousand rupees less. I had read reviews by other customer-users who had complained about "on-off switch" for Nokia Lumia Windows Phones. It happened with me also. First 2-3 months went fine. Then "switch on" process became more of an ordeal. Phone wouldn't "switch on" in first attempt. Over a period of time, it became very irritating. Took it to NCC (Nokia Authorised Customer Care Centre). They got it inspected and got the switch replaced after confirming no charges were payable as the unit was warranty and there had been no sign of unauthorised tampering with the device. They asked if I would be interested in an extended warranty for 1 year at Rs 525. I asked if I can take the warranty shortly before expiry of the current warranty. I was told, yes, provided the offer remains. The offer has already been withdrawn for Lumia 620, 920, and number of other models including Asha range. That was a clear indication, hurry up if you feel like, as the offer for your model is still "on" but no guarantee, for how long. I had to rush for another appointment at a long distance, and I didn't know when I would be able to pay another visit to NCC, and therefore, I took out cash Rs 525 and handed over. In return they handed over a paper, no cash receipt, to me which I folded and rushed out. After reaching home I inspected the paper they handed me for warranty extension. It did not give any indication that warranty had been extended, and/or, what would be the new warranty date. Instead it said "Problem in the handset Rs 525 paid for NCP". Funny though, the same paper also stated "All screws available in phone; No opening mark on screws; all mechanical parts available in the handset; Under Warranty". I wrote to the Head of that NCC (Nokia Authorised Customer Care Centre) describing the situation; no reply. You might say 'it was my duty to have inspected the paper before leaving and/or insisted on a cash receipt'. You might also say 'if I needed to rush for another appointment at a long distance, and I did not have time to inspect papers and argue for my right to get a cash receipt, then I should not have paid cash and postponed it for a later date'. Granted, but was it expected of a Nokia Authorised Customer Care Centre in first place? If you think I am letting out my frustration at this forum through this review, you would be wrong. I am sharing my odd experience to caution someone else who might, like me, act in haste or in good faith; and, at the same time, hope that none of you face a situation like this. Better "beware" rather than be "sorry". Good luck with your Nokia Lumia Windows Phone, which by virtue of its operating system, is far more secure than an Android!
I bought Lumia 520 in Jan'14. Except looks and touch screen nothing seems to be good in this phone....using options is too complicated.....app store is selling more BUGS than useful apps.....menu is very ordinary and at least 100 times less impressive than iphone or android phones....there is unlimited download offer on nokia music but soon your account will be disabled and music albums will show prices (in $).....if you try to modify your account or get into touch with nokia, they will show only few useless messages like "Help is on the way" "Message sending failed...try later." (I am getting this since last 2 days). I feel i have blundered by buying this phone.....you better use someones lumia for a few days before making buying decision.....gud luck
I BOUGHT NOKIA LUMIA ON 18TH MARCH. THIS WAS MY FIRST EXPERIENCE WITH FLIPKART, IN FACT MY FIRST ONLINE PURCHASING. I WAS WORRIED ABOUT LOTS OF THING LIKE WHETHER I WILL GET THE SAFE PRODUCT OR NOT... I GOT MY ORDER DELIVERY IN 4 DAYS ONLY BEFORE THE PRESCRIBED PERIOD AND PACKING WAS REALLY GOOD. NOW COME ON TO THE MOBILE NOKIA LUMIA 520 IS A REALLY A NICE MOBILE IT HAD ALMOST EVERY FEATURE THAT ANY ANDROID HAVE... GOOD CAMERA QUALITY GOOD BATTERY BACKUP .. IT WILL LAST FOR MINIMUM THREE DAYS.. GOOD SOUND QUALITY OVERALL MOBILE IS GOOD & REASONABLE COST..... FLIPKART SELL THIS MOBILE AT RATE LESS THAN THE MARKET RATE I PURCHASED A COMBO OF ( NOKIA LUMIA 520 + FLIP COVER ) IN OFFER. I BOUGHT THIS FROM WS RETAIL.... I MUST SUGGEST U TO BUY FROM FLIPKART...
Best phone to buy in 7.5k range. But for the lack of many apps, everything else (touch, maps, camera, qr scanner) works perfect.
I got this Mobile at very lowest rate. I have done a lot of home work to find out the best phone in market fulfilling all my requirements and within my budget. I got this as the best one. It was my gift to my Mom and Dad with my first salary and yes I must say it has served my purpose. It is the best I could have.
Got it for my mom to gift her on her birthday. She was overwhelmed with joy seeing this. She finds it very easy and simple to use when compared to Android. She also said that everyday her work is getting delayed one hour because of this mobile :) :)
nice phone, a miniature computer in my pocket... helps to a great extend in office n social work and network..
We had purchased the phone two months ago. Prior to this phone, we have used Nokia (pre-Microsoft), Blackberry, Samsung and HTC phones. This phone is very comfortable to use and has a nice interactive feel. Those of you, who are used to Windows will find the GUI familiar. Of course, as usual, Flipkart delivery is terrific - they delivered before the indicated date
In market (Bhubaneswar) the market price was Rs. 9000. So i bought it online. Before buying i made a lot of enquiry. Found out many of my friends have bought Nokia mobile from flipkart. Two of my friends have also bought Moto G. Then I made the deal hoping that every thing will go fine. Got the phone just after three day even though flipkart had expected to deliver in four days. Great job by Flipkart and the phone worth every penny. GO FOR IT. U WONT REGET IT.,
realy cool, its a good phone, no differance between this and 525 in terms of speed,(unless you play heavy games.. but otherwise superb..!
this phone is very good . and easy to use . I like this phone.................................... .............................................................................................
I like this phone ... this phone is very very good . and flipkart service is also good... nokia lumia 520 is very fast ... and very easy to use................................
No issue with delivery of the product.. FK is best. after 5 months of heavy usage I am of the opinion that those who with low budget should go for this device... Its a master piece from two legends (Nokia nad MS) camera quality also good, No issue with functioning of the device. only battery back up is less as its only of 1430mah. No lagging/hanging.. sound quality good. but earphones usual as traditional Nokia. but its not the issue. overall 9.5 out of 10 ratings for the device
Thanks to flipkart ..I get delivered within 19 hrs...that's great ..This product don't need any review ..bcoz at this point of price you will not get better then this..
what more you can ask from a windows phone at this price... camera quality---- amaizing, it takes very good quality pic at night ....no need of a flash light... operation system----cool....since, i have activated the voice commands, so i hardly touch the entire phone .... all apps work fine, no problem with our daily apps like whatsapp, nimbuzz, facebook, uc browser, no need for an anti virus...thats right....no need for an anti virus due to sandbox.... 3G is amaizing...i catch H speed at most of the places in mumbai...you know my friends sony experia was unable to catch 3g in a garden place any my nokia was showing H connection. He was not even able to open a normal page...where my phone was working fine... last but not a least...the battery...its amaizing.... really i am a satisfied customer....cheers to nokia....
The battery life is good, the phone resolution is excellent.The size is perfect,neither too small nor huge like a phablet. Good earphones, easy to use. Windows Phone 8 is quite good. For me the biggest letdown is the Windows App Store. For every basic use like a ringtone change, weather,you need to download an app, which are usually quite big,so that is a big letdown compared to Android phones. Oher than this, this is a great phone for all.
Pros- Excellent Display Sensitive Touch Screen Fast interface with low response time as compared to android device of same price range. Low price Cons- App store not as rich as android Problems while attaching multiple files to emails Adobe reader on the device does not share files via bluetooth (On whole, the deice can share very few file formats via bluetooth) Overkill in terms of security. I personally like to take full control of the device I use.
For Flipkart : ......it was to be delivered in about 7 days. I got delivered in 3. Customer policy are good. Phone of latest mfg date, and well packed and delivered. No cons at all. For Phone: ........it is a phone for a different type of people. For those who love getting best of apps via piracy, for those who love customizing phone so much so it doesn't resemble what it originally was, do not buy lumia. But for the working chaps, who work on the go, who like games on wider screens, who makes a lot of MS Office stuffs, who like hassle free, limited yet precise apps to work on, who can live with basic needs, buy this phone. TO DECIDE, think if you can live with a phone which provides you the best for work, but no wallpaper. If yes, lumia is for you. Apart from software, phone delivers what it promises. WYSIWYG. With Nokia, you cannot be confused. Like I am a busy student, I like a quick phone which supplements my needs rather than becoming a dependent source, lumia complements me. But maybe my asphalt addicted buddy needs an android.
You can't have anything better than this at this price. Impressive touch experience...a smartphone with smart looks! Loved Windows 8...especially from security point of view...and the interface is just awesome. Really happy with the product. And as usual, Flipkart rocks!
All i Can Say Is I Loved It N Will Suggest Everybody To Buy This Coz It Works Good N The Tag And Service Of Nokia Makes Its Special N Worth Buying !!!
I was planning to buy this phone from last few months but wasn't sure abt it until I saw this phone with one of my fren n den finally I got it fm flipkart n it was delivered b4 time which is why I recommend my frenz to choose flipkart for online shopping. And obviusly the packaging was really good, 100% original product. This phone is smooth in touch n stands out of other phone n its eye catching. I love my nokia lumia 520, looking forward for more nokia phones ?
If you are looking for windows phone this one is value for money phone. ( I will say this one is value for money phone under 7K windows + android )
With my personal experience Nokia Lumia 520 is great product for this price. I could not found any cons. for this mobile. Flipkart was delivered in-time with good packing.
While I was searching for a new smart phone for my Mom, I was not sure of how will it work compared to other smart phones (iOS or Android). I had seen Lumia 520 with my friend and once he show me the features and user friendliness of the Nokia, I found it really cool. Once I got the one in hand and my mom was able to navigate and was even able to change settings by herself.. Thanks to the windows UI.. its so intuit to give the great feeling. There are lot of hidden features which was really cool for a layman like me (For Eg: the motion sensing silent mode - simply turn down your mobile face down, when you receive a call, it goes to silent mode). Overall I feel its a great choice for the amount you pay.
Nokia lumia 520 is great to use. I use number of application and the phone never hangs. Heaving application like skype..works smooth. Wonderful phone in this limited budget with Microsoft windows capability..
If u r looking for a Smartphone in 7K range, Dont think... Just Buy Lumia 520... Thank you Flipkart for the awesome price... I bought this phone for 7K in Flipkart, which is far cheaper than the price in other stores.
I am not a windows Phone Fan when you use WP 7.8 you tend to hate the OS which lack the basic featured but still i went for this phone ( I wanted to gift it ;) ) i wanted to give the best possible product at least possible price. Bingo Here you have the best product at this price (Please excuse me i'm not considering Panasonic,Macromax /LAVA etc.) with total surprise windows Phone 8 tried to overcome all the limitation which WP7 has. I still love Andorid and have crash on iOS (with price tag i dont want to fall in love with iOS ;)) Overall the best product in class with nice touch and feel.
SERVICE OF FLIPKART WAS EXCELLENT. I GOT THE DELEVERY WITHIN THREE DAYS, ONE DAY BEFORE THE COMMITTED DATE. BUT AFTER 3-4 DAYS I FOUND THE MOBILE IS NOT KEEPING CHARGE. ITS GETTING DISCHARGED WITHIN ONE HOUR AFTER THREE HOURS OF CONTENTINEOUS CHARGING. ALSO THE MOBILE IS BECOMING VERY HOT AT THE TIME OF BROWSING AND TALKING FOR FEW MINUTES. DUNO HAVE A GOOD EXPERIENCE WITH THE PRODUCT AND ALSO I DOUBT THE AUTHENTICITY OF THE PRODUCT.
Purchased first time from Flipkart. Extremely satisfied with the packaging, delivery time. Nokia Lumia 520 is really a nice phone for daily use. Absolutely lag free and very user friendly. Thanks to Flipkart.
i love it! delivery was done before time, and i am totally satisfied with the product! the sound quality is superb and so is the picture quality though low light images arent that good but still, its satisfactory for a 7k cell.
Frequently facing problems with this phone. Already crashed two times. However could start with factory reset. This is never required for androild devise. Good music player is not available. Pros: No hanging.
Nokia Lumia 520 is an excellent value for money product due to its 4 inch screen with a 480x800 pixel resolution, decent RAM for basic games, and satisfying 5MP camera.
awesome in every aspects....but only ur nt gonna enjoy major games n apps which r supported on androids...nd file manager is'nt dere bt u cn get it frm store bt only by paying
After A week of use; I can say this Lumia phone is best budget phone out there. Amazed with its speed (512 RAM) , and really like the windows OS, People say it is hard to get used to, but it is not. Go for It!!! You won't regret, like Samsung or Android purchase in this range.
1.Frequent Probmem-:Hanging 2.Apps gets automatically closed 3.PDF files can't rename or share over bluetooth 4.No direct app closing key,everytime need to press back key again & again 5.No equiliser 6.Can't edit sim contacts 7.If we change the music volume then ringtone volume also gets changed 8.Low battery backup if used 3G 9.Gets hottened at the time of charging
fast delivery...u all know that it is the best phone in the prize segment....
Why people say windows operating system is not very user friendly is still a big question to me..In fact windows is very user friendly and Lumia 520 is best phone in this range..Its screen is very feather touch which is amazing and I did not experience the same in any other brand phones..
Great mobile at a great price... But Windows OS has some unavoidable problems.... like no video sharing, no file explorer.... No call recording..
da best ever seen in this price range,jus g for it...u v never regrett,infact m sure u vl b in luv wid this cute phn !!
Great phone for budget people. pl buy it else you will regret. Excellent software. no lagg or hanging mostly all applications available in android is available here. big screen and gud touch response Good battery back up stands for 1.5 days. flipkart is damm cheap comparing to direct shops. pl buy in flipkart thru wsretail.
I am using it for almost 4 months now. Good flawless performance. Basic games work fine. I belive this is good bargain. but 525 will be better option as it has 1GB compared to this one 512.
I got the product with Lumia Black installed on my fone.... it enabled some great camera features, Nokia Camera, Nokia Storyteller !! Disappointed, Glance Screen is not supported by this device because of its IPS display screen !! :( :( well its not a big deal !! Otherwise Everything about this fone is Excellent in its class !! :) Display- @235ppi, its Just Awesome Processor- 1 GHz Dual Core, never lags !! RAM- 512 MB (396 MB ), U can see its free about 350 MB anytime... boosts ur apps launch Camera- 5MP, crisp nd Sharp still images with great color quality !! and 720p HD video recording !! Last thing What I experienced,'' Its has got Windows phone 8 OS which I think is a standard OS, not like android that u can get in any brand's device and which starts from a range of Rs.3000/- (Really Cheap feeling from inside) You can feel the standard of NOKIA with MICROSOFT OS when it is in ur hand !!
This is value for money product and does under extreme gaming also, does not even lag. With the Nokia Black Update its bang on target product. If you are Nokia Fan go for the product. Pros: Good for office(word excel powerpoint), good for socail networking on the go with the inbuilt syncronization of Facebook, its far better than others. Cons: No Flash
i bought this Nokia Lumia 520 just 2 months ago(28/01/2014) expecting that this phone is best in its price range when it comes to brand, performance, design etc. but i am sorry to mention that this phone is just below average and did not meet my expectations at all.... it worked fine for a month and i downloaded only few applications and songs so that it does not get overloaded but now it gets hanged and switches off itself after every hour or so. the issue is still not resolved. i am not happy to buy this product.
Its the best phone you can buy at this price range. i bought it 2 months ago and it havent lagged till now. its smooth like floor wetted with soap. its camera is awsome. it can run all the apps and games efficiently. there is so much to praise in it but i cant type more so i will say in short that its a must buy budget phone.
This is perfect phone in this price, i am vry rough user of phone and for me this is best.................................
I've bought this phone from flipkart. As usual flipkart's service was quiet awseome. Coming to the phone, never found any lag in it. Runs very smoothly.
Mobile is responding so rapidly. Battery is good, suitable for average use of phone calls and internet. It is so professional. Support available in windowsphone.com is splendid.
A really amazing phone at this price. Feels very crisp and fast. One of the best smart phones in the under 8000 segment.
I have received my Nokia Lumia 520 just within 3 days..yes, Flipkart guys are very very active....I purchased many things from this site since 3 years and of course its very very trustworthy. I compared with other sites nd its cheapest also.....I read many articles so I got scary but in reality I never ever got bad experience with this site......About Nokia lumia 520, its really just awesome...its features vrythng...u r gonna 2 love it, i must say.....just buy n use it if u are a nokia lover nd get best use of a Windows....love you flipkart.....:)
I have been using the nokia lumia 520 for the past 3 months,upto now i am satisfied with the product with few defects Pros: Doesnt lag, Performance is far better Camera is average
The delivery was good.. It reached a day ahead of schedule.. Happy with Flipkart.. The product is ok.. The camera is good. For the price it is worth. But the biggest trouble is that there is no built in file manager. I downloaded some apps. But they are able to explore only some files. Its high time Windows launches its own file manage. HERE maps are not so useful as Google maps especially if you are searching for remote rural areas.
great performance phone by Nokia and affordable one. people can not understand the trust of windows phone 8 operating system until they not increase there budget. thank you Nokia........
Nice product good phone to start your Smart phone career, far better than memory hungry droids. Liked the black color much better than the other options as it has matt finish on the back and dont attract fingerprints. Kudos to nokia for providing a nice quality product at this price range.
Advantages over android phone - No virus problem Doesn't lag plays full HD 1080p videos (androids below 10k cant play)
I always knew that the phone is good because I already own a Lumia 720, unfortunately the item was a defective one I think as it just didn't charge or power on after 10 days, got a replacement since then fine :) Update: No issues almost an year since I gifted it to my brother.
Flipkart delivered the product on time. Lumia 520 is an awesome product from Lumia . Good phone if you need a change of flavor ( Android to Windows ) . Not much to say as the page is overflowing with reviews. Purchased from Flipkart as the price offered was unbelievable. In the local market it is available for around Rs. 9000 whereas I got it from Flipkart for Rs.7658 . Thank you Flipkart for a great product and on time delivery as usual .
Its a decent phone. Flash and dual sim support is missing on this phone but this phone will satisfy music lovers,mobile photographers,social persons,handles office docs perfectly, . ;BUT NOT GAMERS. The best part of this phone is that it has Nokia Here Maps...which works fine offline. Music lovers will love this phone,and its a great deal for students. I bought it from flipkart @7658 INR after using Samsung Grand Core(13,000) and Micromax Canvas 4(18,300INR)...and what i have to say is that this is the cheapest phone on my list and the BEST. NOKIA is the BEST brand For Mobile Phones. Thank You Nokia And Flipkart.
Great Phone. Touch - 5/5 (The best thing about the phone) Camera - 4/5 (Images captured in day light are great. It has also got amazing photo editing apps built in) Network Reception - 4.5/5 Sound Quality - 5/5 Look and Feel - 5/5 (Feels firm in hand bcoz of the matte finish) Battery - 4/5 , If you are an android user then its 5/5 # If you want to shift from android and you are looking for a low budget phone then go for it. Else you can spend 3k more and go for 620 which has got better RAM and you can play a lot of high end games on it. Plus you get NFC, Front Facing Camera n LED flash for the extra 3k. # 525 only has a 1GB RAM and Bluetooth V4 extra compared to 520. # 520 has 512MB RAM so if you want to play games like Subway Surfer or Temple Run 2, you simply cant play on this phone. # No matter the number of apps you download on this phone, this phone never lags. # Headset provided with this phone is of very good quality and gives great sound output. ** Great Phone at Great Price. Total value for money. Excellent delivery by Flipkart. #HappyCustomer :)
Overall its fine.. but i have problem with short battery life and watsapp.. it hangs or closes on its own while chatting, cant check old msgs, and smtimes it doesnt allow me to share or browse media files....& thats very irritating!!! ... never faced this problem with any other mobile.. :/
I want to have a secondary phone. I am using HTC One also. So I purchased this phone from Flipkart in a offer..After 3-4 days I replaced the earlier piece and got the new one from flipkart.... Pretty nice after sales services from them... But the product is so useless that what I say... This devices has only few problems 1: Hangs 2: Slow 3: What's App is so slow that forget about reading the old messages 4: You will find nothing in apps for your mobile
I have bought this phone thinking about the budget and the company in mind. Nokia as always didn't disappoint me. The build quality is awesome. As we all know the camera of lumia mobiles is unrivalled. So the picture quality except at low light conditions are good. The sound quality is good. You can download the offline maps from the HERE maps settings which will enable you to use the GPS without your data connection. If you are not a heavy gamer then 8GB of internal memory is sufficient for everyday work. The data and wireless connection is good. The Windows 8 interfacing is quiet good and easy to use. WP8 is made in such a way that you don't need an antivirus software to install. The softwares available are genuine unlike Android which is open-source. The softwares necessary for daily use is present. So don't think that WP8 can't provide enough softwares to us like Android. You can install the softwares from the windows store from your mobile or you can install it manually by using an external SD card. You can go to the Microsoft website and can see how it is done. The only problems you will get is that it doesn't contain File Manager as present in Android and sending videos via bluetooth can't be done. Overall I am totally satisfied with this mobile and would advise my fellow friends to buy it if your budget is under 8.5k.
Its charge capacity is too slow. It is not expected for me. I have to charge my cell phone everyday. Some of application in this mobile is not updated to latest version. Its map is also old.
-->Great Offer -->Good packing -->Delivery within committed date -->I'm happy with this product & FlipKart Thanks To FlipKart
First, thanks to Flipkart for 1 day delivery. I get this product within 1day. And Nokia lumia really amazing. with lots of features. Its camera is very good, comparing to others. So I Recommended to buy this.
Really satisfied with e price and the quality of service flipkart service. you cannot get dis phone cheaper than this.
There are some minor issues The screen sensor (which turns off the screen while held near to face while toking) is not working. The condition of the product was gud except for this issue.
I had used android for almost a year but unfortunately lost my phone and decided to go for a relatively cheap but utility phone and on suggestion of so many friends of mine, I bought Lumia 520. Initially i thought the phone is a bit boring as there were not as many cool apps in Nokia store as in google store and i had to forego my cool cam of previous phone(Samsung Galaxy GT i9070) which had LED flash and yeah not that it was a problem but i was still adjusting to the tile based feature of Lumia 520 and with this, i remember u cant set background image of start page or page alongside it containing all the apps BUT thats it guys :P these are all the problems which i faced INITIALLY but..... .....now that i have adjusted to my sweet little phone, i find it cool, Afterall i am getting almost all the features (read all except LED flash, less internal memory) in half the price of my previous phone. Performance- It does not lag at all. Games (just tried Temple run 2) run just fine. Internet, apps run smoothly which is a big plus else u get irritated. This phone has got almost all the features plus u can change back panels- cyan, red, yellow :). I have to recharge my phone almost as frequently (once a day) as my previous phone (Samsung Galaxy GT i9070), so yeah i have rated it 4 stars because of all this, 1 star missing coz of whatever i mentioned above.
early , i use to hesitate to buy products online. but when i saw my relatives doing the same through flipkart , i got confidence and start odering poroducts from flipkart. lumia 520 is very good phone . i got it only at 7600 rs where as in market it price was 9000 rs.got fot it guys
its awesome than android and charge backup for 1 day fully its better then andriod buy this and enjoy i will givw 10 stars to flipkart and this mobile
good phone, easy to access phone, very nice, delivery is very Peaceful, net connection is slow, service center is to provide to long.
nice mobile...it works well...gud battery back up...happy to have nokia lumia 520 compared to any other android sets
I bought this phone for my mother. The handset feels really good on our hand, there is no doubt. The hardware is the best for this price range But buyers beware!! The Windows phone OS is an absolute crap. If you are an android user, you definitely will not be wanting this. My mother had a hard time accepting phone calls, since every time we have to get rid of that pesky screen saver to attend a call. There are very few apps and the app stores are terrible. Finding ways to install apps itself is a great task. Don't even think of customizing this phone like an android device The Nokia service is great, we had a software problem in the phone after 2 months of usage. The customer service rectified it within one hour, free of charge.
this phone is really great, before buying this I m thinking to buy a laptop, but I cant carry my laptop always so I buy this, really Lumia520 given me a great phone by which I can do all my needful office work...
I think nokia has came back in the market.. lol phone's looks good in hand and build quality is grt as well. the only negative point in this mobile is its RAM . if you spends lots of time on playing games in your phone then it would be bad choice for you otherwise phone is great.
Though the phone is itself very remarkable but its camera is just awesome you can install Nonia Camera, Nokia Glam Me, SpaceSelfie etc. camera apps which are more than great I truly love this phone
I have ordered this mob and within 3 days it was in my hand. It is very stylish & Rich looking mob. The touch is so soft & smooth that you will love. The gaming performance is super, fast, enjoyable. It is very handy and battery stay for 1 day if you play on it frequently, and can last for 3 days if you use for work perpose only. Screen clarity is very great for videos, it can play HD video songs. This is a great buy, go for it.
It is the phone to buy if you are looking for a budget nokia smartphone these days. It has each and every feature you want at a good price. Thanks to flipkart for fast delivery again.
this is a great phone . i am using it from last 3 months. really i am having no problem with it. i easily updated it to lumia black. yes, it don not have some apps of android but it has its own high-end games which you can only play on expensive android device only. if you have a budget under 10k definitely go for it.
window phone 8 with this prize range is amazing, regardless of its hardware the performance and touch smoothness are excellent.
First I want to thanks Flipkart for fast delivery, purchased the phone on 18th march and got the phone on 22nd march, packaging was done really good so that the phone remain safe. Now the phone, it has features which you wont get from any other phones within 8-9k budget, sharp colors, smooth fluid UI, good camera quality although it is equipped with only 5 MP, touch sensitivity is very high and you can operate with a glove on as everybody is saying, screen size is big enough to enjoy videos and games. Due to its entry level budget platform, there are some cutoff like there is no secondary camera on the front, no flash. Beside these cutoff this phone is really worth the bucks you are paying. Thumbs up to Nokia and Flipkart.
Flipkart delivery is very fast,I have received my product within 30 hours.Nokia lumia 520 is my second windows phone after lumia 620 and amazingly it is preinstalled with the latest version of ms os ,lumia black, I am amazing to see the touch response such a low budget windows phone and now realize that why lumia 520 is most selling windows phone in the world. I am very much happy with this device.This is a completely budget and very smooth and well operated device.No one except nokia and microsoft can give you this type of device in this price point...But the packaging is very bad,no plastic wrapping ,only box is given to me..without packaging issue this is a good buy from flipkart.
If you need a smartphone with windows OS at reasonable cost than it is worth buying.There are not many preinstalled apps but its not a problem because you can download it from store.All the features are good but only the problem is it doesn't have a file explorer.Some games like temple run-2,subway surfer are not supported but what more to expect at this cost.
nokia lumia 520 is very good experience with it ,. i loved the phone,. this is the best phone in this price, . flipkart is the most geniune and trusted site ,and also offers the best price , keep on going flipkart,...
this phone is using my friend and review is in his wordings that: good phone under 10K, some features are complex but all are good, good speed when browsing internet. He gives 4/5 marks on this product. now for flipkart service: before expected time delivery and good service.
Totally worth its value and experience. Great Product at a Great Price. Recommend it as a better option over androids at same price band.
It is a budget windows phone. Really i like this phone and also thanks to Flipkart for superb delivery.
Excellent customer service from flipkart. Never expected such a wonderful service from Flipkart. I wish they will continue the same service in the future as well. Disappointed after seeing the dropped price to somewhere about Rs, 1000/- but still happy because i got the genuine product. Flipkart ROCKS!!!!
wish it had a front camera. but otherwise this mobile is a a value for money... the 525 also doesnt have a front camera... good product forst time i had a real difficulty with flipkart.. they took more than 2 weeks to deliver the product. they had it delivered but the seller could not deliver to my location so the shipment was sent back. and delivered again by a different seller
I am using this phone since last 6 month. there are SEVEN SUCH PHONES in my group.so over all experiance i am writing here. -ve 1.you can download very limited mp3 song from internet.you have to buy nokia's voucher by paying money 2.very bad with internet cnnection. does not support 2G. support only 3G. 3.you have to download all application and games on your phone, can't receive or send application to another device. 4.also get hang out some times. 5.very complicated music player system. +ve point 1.camera result 2.display quality OVERALL NOT USER FRIENDLY, SO AVOID IT
I bought it for my bro, He liked it. Nokia, has amazing quality as usual. Good touch quality and fast processor.
but while using 3g or 2g internet it will get very hot like iron box my divice is laps the display while heating and it broken .
more and more awesome than expected, this is my first windows phone which is far far better than an android piece of shit although it has limit of application availability :) a good hardware with a cool OS in class. love it :)
awesome experience . . . nokia + microsoft doing a good job. . . . but thumbs down for few thing . . . 1. no file manager 2. single volume control 3. photos taken are best viewed only from the handset, when copied to PC, picture looses quality. 4. sms backup is not available, like previous sets(using OVI suite ) thumbs up : 1. excellent touch 2. battery is good ( 1.5 days ) 3. pictures are awesome . 4. office suite is a real plus point 5. window phone OS though lack the above said features but still very user friendly , i would say better than android ( totally in my opinion :) ) awesome user interface ... looks is also very good .. . . the windows phone OS is really good . . .
Hi, this is my first review about anything. I’m not a techie, that’s why its only just a user opinion.  . Also it is the review after the use of 5 months. Lets come to the topic. I bought this phone from a local dealer before 5 months. I had serious confusion between Lumia 520 and Galaxy S Duos, but after considering the brand value and reputation of both Nokia and Microsoft, I decided to buy Lumia 520. Now let me explain about my experience in the past 5 months. Though its my first smart phone, I used several Androids of my friends. Cons: Microsoft doesn’t show any priority to the interest of the users. The main difficulties I have faced are 1. No FileManager (Seriously, It is a drawback  ) 2. Camera: the 720 p HD video shooting is a great experience. But the photos generated by the cam are not so cool, also there is no flash. And there is no front cam also. Nokia is saying about “Unique Digital Lenses” or something blah blah, but, it is not so cool. Please don’t depend other cam applications, they won’t help you. The built in camera is cool, Smart Shoot is also good, but Nokia Smart Cam is not useful, especially in low light conditions. 3. WhatsApp: Here I mentioned about Whatsapp because, we are using WA other than any apps. Now a days we can save the received video to sd card and send pre recorded videos. But you can’t send a MP3 through WA. Also you can’t save a song received. Some time I experienced the app crash also. 4. FB experience through IE10: IE is fast, but, through IE you can’t upload a photo, can’t send an attachment, seriously no stickers, and no photo commenting (uploading a pic as comment). Also there is no background loading. 5. VideoPlayer: In Android the MX player is a bless, it can play almost all type of videos, in Lumia it restricted to certain formats. Ya, its bad. 6. Apps: Apps are not much superior while comparing to Android and IOS, but, there are new apps are coming, keep searching store, you may found something interesting.  7. No notification Bar: Unlike IOS and Android, there is no pull down Notification centre, and obviously it’s a difficulty. But I myself found that using some Tile Shortcuts by some apps like “QuickSetting” can overcome this difficulty to a great extent. Pros: Now let me tell you a few points that made this phone a perfect first smart phone. I cant believe that now it worth only 7600. :O I bought it for 10000 rs. :/ 1. A Smartphone with Qualcomm Snapdragon Dual Core Processor!!!! Man its really awesome. Because there is no lag. There is only 512 MB RAM, but, believe me, it is enough for a phone in this category. 2. GPS: GPS experience is really good, HERE Drive and HERE Map is better in Cities. Offline Maps are also good, you will like it. And those who loves Google Maps, you can find free GMap Apps in store for free, Because I’m using one.  3. HD Recording: No words, 720 p HD recording is just amazing 4. Touch Experience: It provides a decent touch experience, you will not complain a single word about it. 5. Black Update: After the Black Update, new features are coming like background closing of apps. 6. No virus: Yes stop fearing viruses.  7. Office 365: You can create office files, share through e-mail, open attachments etc. interesting? 8. People: Your friendslist in FB will automatically synced into your phones contact list( named People ), You should like it, also, FB birthdays also automatically synced in Calendar, you will not miss any birthdays, even if you are not in fb for a few days.  9. 7 GB Internal Memory: Other than 2 GB system Files and other various pre installed files you are getting about 4 GB space to save your stuffs. Ya its big.  10. Celebration of 4 inch: I think that it is the ideal size of a phone, its enough big, but not too big. Ideal for typing, and decent video, browsing, reading experience etc. 11. Design: Last but not least, its so cute and handy. It perfectly suits in your hand. Its little bit heavy, it obviously give you a feeling that “there is something in your hand”. Try a White Back Cover, it should give you a Executive look. Some tips: You can download music and videos using UC Browser, But use of Apps like FILEDOWNLOADER is more convenient. You can use it for Youtube downloading also. Keep up-to-date with WPCentral to know more about Windows Phone. Don’t forget to get your updates on time, because, each of the updates valuable and should contain something new and precious.  Conclusion: YOU WILL NOT THINK THAT LUMIA520 IS BAD WHENEVER YOU USE IT. STOP COMPARING, TRY TO FIND THE BETTER SIDES, YES THERE ARE MANY POSITIVES THAT CAN MADE THIS THING BEAUTIFUL.
satisfied. simple issues like synching prob in music needs to be solved. overall a useful buy at 7K range
i been using this phone for last 6 months nice phone..... nice camera ... even its doesn't have flash but even in low light the picture quality is good. and screen is awesome.. touch is incredible....
Its a gift to my wife on our 15th anniversary. And its a superb windows phone in 8k except head phone quality. But the sound quality is superb if used by other good head phones like skull candy etc.
Dear all, everthing in this phone is working fine and fast but some problem is in this with conncectivity on USB. Through USB this phone working/ connect with only win 7 and not working/ connect on another version of window- 95, xp, win 8 etc. kindly help if anything other possible for solving that type of problem.
i m using this phone since 5 months , this is the best phone in this price range .. always nokia is best compared to other brands for its life . and as usual satisfied frm flipkart service
Delivery from Flipkart is absolutely amazing. I had previous experience of ordering products from Flipkart and each of them were delivered on time with proper bill and packaging. Hats off to Flipkart for that.!!! Nokia Lumia is the most basic model of Windows mobile available in the market inclusive of all the necessary requirements. I have been using the mobile for quite some time now. The display clarity is excellent and brightness is good even in the sunlight. Camera is decent for a mobile of this price range. Photos lack detailing but it does the job for quick on-the-go snaps. Overall experience is good.
next day delivery of lumia 520 in a very nice packing and with a gift wrapping so good..... made me happy got lumia 520 in 7000 after casback ordered in evening received in morning love u flipkart
Nokia Lumia 520 is a gem of a budget phone especially for those who still believe in Nokia and its service. The camera quality is quite good and battery last for a day or two if you are an average phone user. I have been playing games downloaded from Nokia app store, listening downloaded music and texting all day, still battery capacity does not affect much. Only one thing probably a secondary cam would have made it the best in its segment. However, this phone is not for camera freaks so 1 camera is 'chalta hai' kind of a thing. No second thought on the way Flipkart delivered the product especially the packing that was carried out ensured its safe delivery. Kudos to Nokia and Flipkart :)
i bought lumia 520 frm flipkart last week.it is easy to use ,no lags,smooth performance it should beat andriod out !!! !!! !!!! for the human sake
I like the fracture of Lumia windows device is good for use the product iam well experience to use the device good product by nokia i like this mobile set for ruf use it is good for use
After using lumia 520 yellow by two months, i am now in the position to write a review on this handset. First of all, i appreciate flipkart to supply me product in best condition in just 3 days booking the order. Thanks flipkart. now i am coming to mobile which is combination of nokia and windows. Thanks nokia to give me a such a nice and eye catching mobile in just 8.5k. pros:- 1. Very good inbuilt hardware. Camera is better than other 5 mp. 2. Display is also very clear. 3.overall looking of this set is awesome. 4. Play all kind of audio/ video files. (using moli player to play those mkv files in hd). 5. Processor speed is average. Hangs sometime while using internet, no hangs while using offline. . now come to cons list. It is long due to windows policy of limitation in lumia phones. 1. Not able to download big files. Ask to connect WiFi to download. Why.... When i have enough cellular data, then why i spend more for WiFi. Not able to download here maps, phone upgrade, games when file size is greater than 50 Mb. This is irritating. 2. Not able to attach file to send via e mail or whatsapp. Only able to attach images. Why ... Then how it can be called a smartphone when i can't send a file via email. 3. I tried to update phone software lu.ia black. Then asked to connect over WiFi to complete the download the update. I have not any WiFi connection then how i can update my software. I have only cellular data. The, what is the use of data recharge. Suppose if i have to travel a more and download big files then how i manage to connect WiFi each time. Tell me... 4. When i download document or pdf file, then no way to find those files in memory. Not able to open or delete those files. Hence no option to send those files via Bluetooth. 5. Music volume and ringtone volume can not be set at two different level. 6. Back key vibration can not be controlled. 7. No good browser, opera mini or chrome should be given free but even they are not in paid in window store. Nokia xpress give something to do. Internet Explorer is worst. I hate browsing button given below the screen. I don't. Want google complimentary like bing.. . Bing has not option like google. Google is d best. 8.it looks like windows has rivalry with google. So it is reducing the option to use google product in windows phone. Nokia have made a very good product but window is ruining the image of nokia. Beware nokia. This could be my last nokia phone, not because Of nokia but due to windows. Beacauze windows have filled so many limitation in lumia series that so many people are regreting after buying lumia phones. I love nokia but now hate windows. What is the sense of security when we can't do anything. Lumia have very less option compared to other phones. Nokia is known for its functionality and durability, but lumia is not upto that level of functionality. It has very less option. 9. Not able to delete 'other memory' nor able to know what is kept in. It is worst use of our memory. Plz window, at least fix this problem. 10. Full star to nokia and flipkart and no star to window.
Phone and its performance is fantastic except battery life. After two weeks, battery is draining out within 4 hrs after complete charge, replace the battery with original one. Others are fine.
its a good product from nokia in this price, i use this and suggest my friend to buy this product, and i purchased it for my friend also
awesome phone, at such a low cost giving this much features is so good... not so much of photography addicted but 5MP gives nice shots and saving time is also less than a second. In few words I'm happy with my phone..:D:D
Pros 1. Lighter OS which gives more space to install all the Apps which inturn has faser processing speed 2. It hasn't hanged even once. 3. Very good camera quality for 7k 4. Handy and all of the screen size can be reached with the single hand. Cons 1. using it is not that much user friendly in the beginining stage. Until you get to used to it. Flipkart service: Received the phone in very good condition, that too 4 days before actual delivery date.
Nice phone.. superb delivery by flipkart... came in time to gift the product to friend...Product is really good.. Good thing did by nokia is bringing Lumia...
A very good phone, battery back up very good, i bought it almost one year back. has a good look, screen experience is awesome. Music is also very good and stylish. At the beginning felt little freaky to use windows OS but got adjusted soon, camera is not that good but for this much of money cant expect anymore.
I bought this on Nov 13. Camera button was not functioning properly. I have to press harder. Now I frequently get "Call dropped" error message when I dial. When others try to reach me, they get "user currently unavailable" error. With just 512 MB RAM. too many apps crash. Cannot take photos during night because of no flash built in Overall "not happy" despite being the best seller.
Best deal under 10K, worth buying if you want basic smart phone. However, I don't like the camera resolution. If you are looking for good camera then don't go for it. Rest is fine.
till now dint find ne problem in Lumia 520....worth buying the product....and about flipkart delivery " GOT THE PRODUCT WITHIN 24 HOURS".......
Bought this phone about 2 monts back from flpkart,and i must say the Lumia-windows 8 combination that everybody should experience.very refreshing for those use the same old boring android. Pros-Nokia apps - Nokia Camera,storyteller and refocus(yes you can install it(if you know how),nokia music,photobeamer etc. Windows store sans all the non sense apps from Android. Fluidic UI,sturdy body.1ghz processor. Cons - actually none given the peanuts u pay. I've become a windows-lumia combo fan! In love,In deed!
Product as described,xpress delivery and quick response.... ABOUT PRODUCT- Super smooth touch,windows 8 platform,nice user interface
Simple. Elegant. Having all these features with Windows OS on this price gatogory is really Value for Money. I surely recommend who is willing to try windows phones OS. Only cons... no flash for Camera.
#Nokia Clear Black Screen ie, Extra Bright Screen to be readable Under sun, and with deep black, it gives better experience. #Front Facing VGA camera for Video calling needs #LED flash #Magnetometer (compass) sensor to use apps like Here Maps, Here City Lens, ets which uses compass to fing your location, and its really necessary if you gonna use Maps a lot. #Extra Loud Speaker #Secondary HAAC mic for noise cancellation while Calling, voice&video recording, Music playback. #Dolby Headphones Enhancements to give theater like feel while listening music on headphones. #Equalizer with 19 presets like Rock, pop, classical, bass etc. #Smaller screen with same resolution, that means denser ppi, and more clear and crisp screen. (If you want bigger screen, 520 is not that bad either in terms of ppi, but Lack of Clear Black is surely missed) #Toughned Glass with protection from scratches. (520 has just scratch proof layer, not that tough glass) #NFC, to use tap and share, tap and play, NFC tags, etc. #Though Battery is smaller in 620, but due to smaller screen, Clear black display and NO super sensitive touch, both will give almost similar backup. #Longer Nokia Music Unlimited Subscription. #An option to increase 620's durability by installing a Water-proof, dust proof back cover. Its not available for 520.
i have a lumia 520 & i m thinking to buy a new one again windows phone 8 and after amber update the phone becomes wow nice camera supports 720p videos 1080 in vlc pathetic phone at dis price i bought dis 3 mmnth before from a local mobile store @ rs9000 now at dis price on flipkart im thinking to buy a new one because old one stealed by my elder sister. she refused to giv me back d phone
For those smartphone users who want a Nokia product below 10000. Does not hang that much like an android phone. Looks way better than may other models. Great shipment and delivery by Flipkart
this is one of the best phones around around Rs 8000. touch is very smooth, screen is also bright. i like this mobile
Purchased about 3 weeks ago and i found some pros. and cons. pros. 1. never hangs 2. Good gaming 3. Very good camera with HD recording cons. 1. Battery backup ( i charge 2 times a day) 2. Poor quality display (I dropped Lumia 520 from a height of 2 ft and i found my phone's screen broken and nokia charged me 2800 for screen replacement) 3. No file explorer ( we cant see the files in our SD card because there is no file explorer or my files whatever you want to call that app) 4. we can receive any file , music , video but we cannot send docs. , music , video for lumia 520 . However very nice phone , i love using my lumia 520 .
Good one. Nice color. Nice performance. Windows tiles are good. Nice UI. Performance is too good. Music apps are too good. Cheap but best.
Phone is switching OFF automatically. Can't able to use the phone. Kindly change the Phone. Provide the solutions for the same.. Purchase many products from Flipkart. But this Product make me think worst.
good phone in low price,new experience over windows OS, some times Phone gets hang. Battery life not good enough,Music quality not so good, Camera 5 mp not upto mark. missing the camera flash
Phone is OK. It is up to expected level. As usual Flip-kart delivery was very fast. Price through Flip-kart almost in my case is the lowest.
This is still a real value for money from Nokia,people have to observe it. You get Quality for what you pay,Being Nokia it has strong after sales service,battery is never an issue.Just pick it before it gets away,This is one Good phone Strictly on Quality-Price basis.!:) Though i would recommend Lumia 525 ,the price difference is 1.5-2. Remenber this is still good and you wont notice any changes with 525.
nice product wonderful value for money, RAM in wonderful Heaset is nice good battery backup Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and the cons of the product. Nothing is worse than inaccurate information. If you're not really sure, research always helps.
Nice phone with good features and value for money. Very easy to unerstand and use. And one of the excellent things is " Bharosa Nokia Ka". Kudos...
Android users like me wont be happy with the UI and lack of abundant free downloads. but for a first time user whose not hooked onto android WP8 provides a srurdy platform.
I am an Apple user and bought this for my wife who used Nokia before. I had problems transferring media to this phone and called Nokia. They said you necessarily need Windows XP Service Pack 3 to be able to transfer media to Lumia 520. I have SP2 - so first I need to upgrade my PC. WHile my iPhone, iPad, Kindle, Blackberry and Android phones never had any issue with SP2, I will need to spend time to get it upgraded to SP3. Secondly, this phone does not upgrade its OS on 3G or even desktop internet. They necessarily need WiFi. A basic feature of screen rotation lock was forgotten by Windows intelligent engineers! so now they have fixed it in Windows Black OS version but can't update until I am in Wifi range. Overall, do your homework of the systems you have before you buy this.
The phone is a good entry level model, working well for this price range. For those used to the Windows metro style UI it is a breeze. The fonts are nice and big, especially with stuff like the dialler where numbers are easy to view. One does feel the pinch of the lower RAM when switching back and forth between apps. Example, come back to twitter after answering a phone call, and there is a noticeable lag when the app "resumes" again. The biggest advantage for me is the Nokia Music Store connection - Nokia has a large music store, and one gets a 3 month subscription for free. Loads and loads of songs. The collection is seemingly endless. A moderate charge for renewing the account. Songs are available in a highly compressed format, at a higher sample rate and low bit rate, so downloading is super quick. Hardly takes up much space. I have a separate SD card on which I store the music. A big disadvantage is the battery life. The phone runs out of juice very fast. Lasts for about 15 hours, and more 3G data related usage drains the battery very fast.
Pros: -Good touch screen with scratch free glass; it can also sense nail touches. -Simple interface (Start Screen & All programme) Cons: -No front camera. -Single sim (Mini) -No file manager for organizing the files, even setting a ringtone from one of your favorite song is quite difficult. -No desktop option like usually windows have. -No customization of themes, desktop wallpaper etc. -One will get easily bored after 10-15 days.
First of all onc again I am very happy with the delivery of Flipkart! I ordered the phone on thursday at aroun 1 a.m and I got the phone delivered to my home on Saturday morning.Keep up the service Flipkart,THANK YOU! Now coming to the phone,previously I was a android user,but I have no regret for switching to Windows phone.Windows may not have a huge stock of Applications,but the small amount of Applications are worth mentioning than a few bunch of worthless Android Applications. The touch of the screen is just too good, speed is too fast, till now no lags.Games and Applications are working fine. Camera may not have a flash but the 5mp camera itself is awesome,also you can easliy customise them with the Nokia Applications.The 5mp camera is far better than the cheap cameras of Micromax and Samsung. Overall I would rate the product as 9/10.
Value for money product. User friendly. Very good Camera stiil as well as video recording,Very good touch and display is excellent.Overall 5/5
if you are not much app centric ,this is the phone you should have.nice touch and adequate apps by nokia store. Surfing and reading is quite good experience with this phone.
Doesn't slog... runs perfectly.... I prefer it much more than android phone... And great delivery from the seller...
yesterday i ordered lumia 520 and today i got it ,,,amazingly its so fast flipkart service and fedex service also/// huge difference of rates from normal market
There is no 3g only network selection option in Windows phones,if u select highest connection speed as 3G your Windows phone will automatically keep using 2G only becz only 2G have highest signal strength than 3G in India* (most of the place). If you have 4 signal bars for 2G and 3 signal bars for 3G, your windows phone will use only 2G. :-( :-( :-( :-(
Before time delivery by courier services of flipkart I own 2 of these phones for my bro and my dad --> Dual core 1 Ghz for multitasking. --> Fractional and responsive Nokia camera in this budget. --> Windows Phone OS management is far effective then Android OS management with respect to 512 Mb RAM. --> Microsoft Office and Outlook features are century ahead of Android. --> Excellent display and gaming with account to Adreno 305 GPU. --> Good SoC motherboard in this budget category.
A pretty decent phone at 8k approx. Windows Phone 8 is a fluid and responsive operating system. But the worst thing about this phone is lack of apps. Imagine, Instagram released just a few weeks back! There are very less apps and games. Subway Surfers, Temple Run 2, and many such apps are incompatible with this device due to less RAM (512 mb, while the given apps require 1 gb ram!). This phone had the capability to be a very good budget phone, but apps and games bring this a notch below the best phones out there at such price range.
This phone has all required apps for basic use. People may complain there are not thousands of apps in Windows phone, but, whatever you need is there. Install UC browser. You can have almost all shortcuts for google services like youtube from UC browser which is working superb with 3G connection. Many other shortcuts are also available. Gaming: Temple run is so smooth unlike other phones in this price range. (The 512MB ram does not cause any lag in this phone). You will be surprised with the overall smoothness of this phone. A very good interface too. Install Sudoku and engage your brain..for a change. MS office applications are super- word, excel, ppt, pdf etc. Nokia smart cam & Creative studio are some fantastic apps. Nokia camera apps best. The camera is super (only con: no flash- which you cant expect at this price). Still it gives very good pictures with detail. In bright light, it gives fantastic pictures. Battery is removable. Battery backup is very good like my other nokia phones. I am not using headset which came along with this phone. Using JBL tempo In-ear headphones..The sound quality is very good. Call quality is awesome. It is slightly better than my old nokia 5230. It lacks a secondary cam. Which I am not bothered. Many people wont use the same. At this price < 7700, you cant find a better phone with great quality. The processor is great. The phone does not hang at all. 512MB ram is not at all an issue with this phone. (Even Lumia 720, 625 & 620) uses the same ram). For Windows OS, this much ram is only sufficient. Screen quality is very good. also resolution is very good. Touch is superb. You cant compare it with most phones. Even if you move your finger with 1 mm gap over the screen, you can scroll pages. This is fantastic. You dont need to actually touch the screen.Screen size is ideal & big enough to fit in your pocket. There is no file manager for this phone..which is actually not required..since all music/videos/photos etc will appear automatically against the required the respective folders. You can easily access it. If you want a fresh interface- smooth phone with no lag or hanging, just go for it since you cant get a better phone at this price. You wont regret buying this phone.
I have brought this phone for my friend and he is extemely satisfied with the purchase. Thanks flipkart for delivering the product as displayed
Very good build quality and screen is awesome. some applications are limited but can not compare with android since it is Windows Phone. Camera is very good and there is a dedicated camera button which is useful for focusing.
No need to review this product just name is enough, .... NOKIA Only time requires to make this change successful,... However after listening cons from everywhere i still buy this product.... and only one sentence is required to complete this review... "Chummeshvari"
Almost every thing is good. Except its windows os which lags in some point.( os restrictions) . Other than every thing is ok. But still we r hoping to get os upgrade. If it received then we'll be close to android.
As i using it since last 1 year. This is best lumia in nokia range. Mostly best apps are available. Some time hang but this not an issue in hardware. It's may be through your SD card. So don't exchange SD card.
App store is not at par with Google as we all know.I had a pretty tough time connecting the phone with my PC to transfer files using Zune(Eventually was unsuccessful).Internet browsing is better(when u browse through the IE).Battery is a lot better than any android phone. WIFI hotspot not available. Gmail app works pathetically.May look like a good value for money device but given another chance I would go for a little extra money for a better phone.
First Flipkart Delivery Superb.... Overall Nice Mobile... Touch Screen Nice.... 5mp Camera nice....
nokia always has upper hand in coming to budget from since history and now in competition current age smart phones too.. for me it dose every thing what samsung or other android does
Phone is good but has only two demerits. 1. Some times touch doesn't respond. 2. It gets hot very fast.
I have not enjoyed the phone much though the touch operation is fast and so sencitive.The phone hanged if it is near any electronic devises.one time the walky talky i am using for my factory purposes hanged my phone.Second time during the x ray scanning in the airport the phone was hanged eventhough i put the flight mode.Every time i am in a position to open the back cover to remove the battery and put it back.So that i can resume the operation of the phone.Another drawback in this phone is opening the back cover.The seam between screen frame and the back cover is small one cannot open the back cover unless he/she is having sharp nails.While using lap top using modem, i am speaking with someone through through Skype,i recd the call in the phone.Again it got hanged.This time while opening the back cover the screen got damaged.Now touch is not working. I sent to India to change screen and display.I experinced the only for one weak.
Bought Nokia lumia 520 recently from Flipkart. Its working well and a good service provided by Flipkart. Satisfied!!
Impressive phone only drawback is you can set your favourite song as ringtone immediately .You have connect to PC for that
After using iOS, Android and Blackberry, now I did my hands on over this lumia box, it was my first time with Windows. And it was really amazing. Initially you will feel some resistance about some of the features (like Playlist management, scrolling views, FM etc) but this is because of your habits of old phones. I did not found it legging on any side (of course when compared to same price ranges) compared to its counterparts. Pluses, which I liked most are - Its camera quality and lenses - Nokia Music (Evergreen), where you get unlimited subscription with quality and latest downloads. - App and Games store - You will find almost every things which is useful. Unlike Android you will not receive many unstable downloads. - Design and themes are quite appealing Minus - - Box came with a label promising 500MB 3G data on new airtel sim, which I did not got :( - Earplug could have been of some better quality. - Data cable could have been of some extra length (Though small is a fashion these days) Overall Hi-Five for low cost package. Must recommended for techies.
I recently purchase from flipkart on nice discount it really worth for money & Nokia it's really good touch sensivity is amazing
Excellent Phone, Value for money. Super likes. 1000 times better than Android when you are a simple user. Super cool phone. Now I am a fanboy of Windows phone. I used to be Android developer and android phone user. I used Galaxy Y(s5360) earlier for 2 years. It was a great phone too. I had a lot of power. I rooted that android, saved apps in sdcard and did a lot of stuffs. But wasted a lot of time. So now I don't want to do all that again. It was a bit slow after 2 years of usage. Luckily someone stole my mobile and I started looking for a windows phone. I used nokia before my Android and had an impression of Nokia builds. Nokia has met my expectations. This phone also got few awards abroad. Even after dropping its cover does not get out. It is light as well. Camera is great with moving pictures features. I installed temple run. I needed a phone that worked and this is the best phone for range 10k. I got it in 7650. I downloaded all the latest songs from Nokia music (free). Nokia music was super fast downloaded a song in 10 seconds. I use wifi from MTS dongle. 4 inch phone is best for grip. Delivered super fast by flipkaart. Thanks to the shipment company ecomexpress.
Nokia Lumia 520 is just a brilliant product. It comes with a snapdragon processor(Very fast and don't lag a little). It is very slim and comfortable in hand. Many reviewers have complaint about the low resolution and small size. But, I must say that they didn't understood why Nokia made it like this. It is so because today all phones are of 5 inch screen with little bit higher resolution than this but it is not so comfortable in hand and fitting in pockets whereas Nokia have used their brains and made it of 4 inch and little low resolution than 5 inch phones(Compare the resolution of 4 inch screen phone with it ). It has a very bright and clear display, it runs very smooth and the camera is very clear and sharp. In low light the camera is little clumsy but is acceptable. All apps like whatsapp and other apps works very smooth and fine. The battery takes a little bit time to charge but lasts very long. It supports ms office too! And the biggest factor, you get all these in just Rs. 10,000. It is already very popular, but if Nokia gives the secondary camera in this and a led flash with dual sim support, it will bring an huge earthquake on other mobile companies. After all, in Rs. 10,000 it is a, Brilliant Product ! Thank You
Im a hardcore Android fan. But for my dad i believe this is a good starting point. Nokia has done perhaps better when comes to software and the price for this handset. Only problem i see is about toggles. I dont see any toggle options. You have to go all the way in the settings for each settings. Thats the pain in the @$$ As Usual WS Retail (old flipkart i believe) delivered in time, rather before time..
But few issues: Call history, repeated listing If a contact has multiple numbers, from which number he called is not highlighted ... .... few more
True hd picture quality,good battery life,ms office is too good.the only defect is the lack of apps and games in windows app store.
The phone is best in this budget. Nice product. Overall nice delivery by Flipkart. Thanks WsRetails too.... :-)
Excellent services from flipkart. It deserves to be no 1 online shopping hub due to its within time delivery track record and quality of packaging. I got my NOKIA LUMIA 520 within due date. The prices are comparatively much lesser than those in markets. So, FlipKart u r doing a fab job. Keep growing!
Bought this as I was bored by android phones. Wanted to try windows. As expected everything looks and works great. Got it delivered in 4days. Loving windows...!!!!!
Fabulous delivery, amazing phone and superb price what else would you ask for. Go for it. Exactly as the description tells you.
I bought this phone for my sister around 2 months back. I choose it because of its crystal clear display, big screen size and most of all because of it's cheap price. I always thought Lumia has been a big hype, until I myself used it. The tiles display really looks cool. Nokia's touch seems to be pretty responsive. I was able to multi-task and play high graphic games easily on this device. Photo quality is not great, but decent enough. There is not much lag while opening apps. So much for such a low price makes it a must buy phone.
Free subscription of Nokia Mix Radio and Music downloads is valid only for 3 months. Disappointed on this. Phone is good pick at cheap rate.
I just want to add that the unlimited subscription of Nokia Mix Radio of lumia 520 brought through Flipkart is valid only to 3 months .
I have been using the phones since 1 month and the battery is very weak ... need to charge every day
Fabulous delivery, amazing phone and superb price what else would you ask for. Go for it. Exactly as the description tells you.
Pros. - best at this price grade. - Windows Phone 8 Cons: - no flash - no NFC - Windows Phone 8 Windows Phone 8 is pro as well con for u, as if u r Google apps user than it will suck and if u r not that much into Google ecosystem then it is the best u can get.
Perfect buy below 8K. If you're not into tech stuff much and needs a mobile just to feed common purpose like calling, listening to music, facebook, whatsapp, news feed, email etc. then go for it.
Though there are not many free apps available for windows 8 phones, this mobile is still a good purchase if your main usage is to use it as phone. On a good day, taking 2-3 calls lasting 2-3 hrs with little web browsing using WiFi and listening to music for about 2 hrs the battery will last for about 2 to 2.5 days. I haven't tested the GPS feature yet. The touch is simply superb. No hangs, no delays, utter smooth operation. Overall good value for money purchase.
Got this for my mom. she was worried whether the yellow color will look nice or not, but after looking at it, she was happy. one of the best lumia products by nokia. within the budget range and great looks and features. If you are dont use all the apps and games, this is a good buy.
For those who are still thinking about the apps, one quick info - only Microsoft and Apple checks every apps before its put In the marketplace. Android has lots of apps, but most of them are buggy, they either drain out your battery or consume all the resources which results in poor performance. Every app in windows store is verified for its quality and you can be sure, it wont slow down your phone. In android if you install a few apps, the phone will start slowing down. But I tried around 30 apps installed in windows. No slowing down was noticed. I believe we should be looking at the quality of apps than the quantity. Go ahead, buy this phone, you wont regret :)
Phone appearance, look, camera are really good. However, for an android user who is switching to this phone, interface is really a big problem. Even there is no provision to import the phone book from SD Card. .vcf file is not recognized. If u leave these interface issues, then phone is impressive in this range
1of best things about WinMo 8 is its more stable OS than most budget Androids. Some things may be missing with OS for power/intensive users for now, but hopefully with new updates more features will be added. Most necessary Apps like WhatsApp, FB, Twitter, etc. are all available & so low to moderate users can go ahead & buy this budget phone without fuss. & personally, what I like about this phone is legendary durablility that Nokia is reputed for, unlike budget Androids including by hTC, Samsung, etc that are unworthy, completely dis-satisfactory pieces of crap.
if your range is below 8k then this phone is good for you... but in this phone 1.you cant change bluetooth name directly(using windows phone app u can) 2.you cant add songs in playlist 3.no file manager
Very Good Product and at a very good rate. A Very Good Product with a very Good Brand. Excellent to use.
As expected, Overall Quality and service is good.As expected, Overall Quality and service is good.As expected, Overall Quality and service is good.
i bought this phone only for brand nokia there is a common problem of power on-off button in this phone which i came to know at nokia care the button is going to break often there were four people with the same issue the nokia care executive is saying it is physical damage. they charged me Rs 619 and said that warranty for this phone is not valid.the behavior and actions of nokia care is totally against consumer. I am going to complaint against them in consumer forum
phone is awesome. nokia music radio is great. but less application support. and less gadgets support like live watch and car audio system and no file manager! windows providing updates yet a lot to be improve.
so much functionality in 8k. great. Just the touch is not as good as mainstream lumia phones, but really good product for the price.
I and my dad purchased it for my mom as her secondary cell for official purpose, initially she wasnt that keen about the lumia 520 as she uses the iphone 3s as well, but in a week she had become a big fan of this phone. She was truly impressed by the touch response, the simplicity in its usage, the nokia smart camera feature, microsoft office, maps and also the music quality through the earphones. The only place it lagged was the missing of the flash and the inbuilt speaker quality (which isnt that bad but moderate). Overall this is a true winner from nokia under the 10k price range. Talking about the flipkart delivery, i never had any complains regarding that ever since i have been shopping from flipkart, the goods are always delivered to me on or before the date mentioned and also the packing quality is very good and the price is really reasonable, keep up the good work :)
lumia series is the worst phone series in the market...better go for a unbranded chinese phone than buying nokia..i have one for almost an year and it sucks big time. its too slow..whatsapp open like in a hour( not literally) , apps suck, there are rarely any updates, even my gorrilla glass got scratches ust bcoz of coins, battery backup is just a few hours if you are using it. I am ready to exchange it for any good offer,... please i suffered loss do not want others too suffer...rather nokia should suffer...please think 20 tyms before buying. And Nokia if you want that i should noot flood every online shopping site with this review change my phone.
Been using the phone for about a year now and never ever the phone got stuck or 'hanged'.. Decent camera which works great in daylight and other features are great too.. Only setback, can't see what's in phone's inbuilt memory or clear it as it doesn't has a file explorer and it isn't available on Windows Store as well..
this is really good phone with high end hardware and camera with below average windows OS. it hangs many time and you need to remove battery to restart phone..
This is my favorite phone, best priced Windows Phone. Touch Screen fabulous. Music Player is great, and Camera Good even without Flash.
Its a nice phone but we have to use it cautiously as it is little bit of delicated. Ease in using too.
This phone is worth every penny. The controls are awesome & touch sensitivity is also superb.If anyone looking for a budget android this is the perfect answer for the quest.
This is a very good phone with all the required features. It is good for day to day tasks like facebook and whatsapp. Simple games work well. I am not a hardcore gamer, so cannot comment on that. Display is good. Camera is good in Day time, but doesn't perform well for low light shots due to absence of flash.
After owning a 920, 720 & a 620 I bought this phone aswell Lumia 520. Surprise.... The User Experience remains the same as the Top end model.. Other than the missing flash & front cam, I can't complaint much about it. Windows phones are solid ..!
First of all I bought this after hearing Samsung battery short life because of Android. (I not yet owned android mobile yet) from my friends. First design of nokia 520 was not good. lacks stylish look for the amount paid. More over it works fine only for few days (4-5 days). After that I end up with PHONE HANGING several times. Since there is no POWER OFF button, I end up with force battery removal every time. Thinking why I didnt buy an android phone. For this price go for Samsung, LG or with some more amount go to moto G
well as the brand suggests this is a great phone extremely good specs for the price given, impressed with the quality and performance, overall this is an extremely good low budget phone but then again you cannot have all good things at once, yes, this phone has a drawback it has windows operating system which reduces its over all credit, no good applications, games you can't even send videos! and it requires a software called Zune to connect it to PC i mean this is not good. but lets hope that they might fix all these issues in windows 8.1.
Best buy Lumia 520 below Rs.9000/-,better phone , touch screen smooth,phone battery back without net serve one day.I buy phone 5 month ago 520 recommended every one. Filpkart packing very good,delivery service 2-3 days.
Windows OS is smooth. All needful apps can be downloaded from the Store. Sometimes the body heats up after prolonged use. Camera is brilliant and best in this price range. Display is good and video recording is 720HD. This is the value for money phone and you will not regret after buying this one ! Go for it, it's NOKIA !
Very Easy to use for begniners of smart phone. can't be simpler than this. windows 8 version upgrade started radio also new releases keep on adding features to your phone without buing new phone...
I have bought it almost in Nov. 2013..from local store.... Its cool.. The touch is very sensitive like high-end budgets smartphone.. I m very much satified with this phone. Evry work is very handy now. Except comparing with android, its windows.. although it may not support as much as apps like android..but it satisfies. Its camera is 5mp.. So the pics r almost like crystal clear n also Hd video recording.. really... But it doesnt support compass app. this may not require for everybody.. The games r also fast like Lumia 525... Go for this phone. Its great budget smartphone...
Nice mobile. The flipkart support is very good. their services are very very good. I got mobile within one day. In future i need any mobile must and should i ordered via only flipkart.
I have used almost every smartphone brand and found this phone to be at par with the other OS's. It would not be fair to compare this phone with a high end phone from other OS's but this definitely is at the top bracket when compared to phones in it's own category. Inspite of just 512 MB RAM, the touch is silk smooth. There are enough WP apps to get you started and more would surely be available with time. There could have been a front camera as well but that is only a drawback for those who are into video chats and all. Overall, it's a great phone and i am sure that high end WP phones are awesome. A special word of praise for Flipkart and WS Retail. The processing and shipping of the product was a breeze.
The camera is great, lacks flash as its budget phone. Operations are smooth, very smooth. Strong build - Nokia built!! Pretty handy and can be operated with one hand alone.
this phone is more than enough in this price range.no lag in any app. fantastic camera features and quality.but if you want to take it for gaming purpose.i recommend lumia 525 bcz of 512mb extra RAM.this is a awesome product, go for it without any hasitation.
ultimate camera... brilliant phone in this range offering what samsung is offering in above Rs.20,000 phones..... gr8 gr8 gr8 gr8 gr8
I ordered Nokia Lumia 520 a month ago for my wife, it was so great and I slowly started hating Android (mid rangers). Now one more order for my sis. This time with a surprise, it came with the Windows Black Update. Just 20 days ago the update got seeding in India and now the phone I receive has the update on it. So I guess I got the new piece or Nokia must have update the entire phones in the lot came to India after the update.
I bought this mobile in the month of Jan, and till now no problem faced...also mobile is very user friendly and very good.
Great look, performance ,and prize..just below 8K. i like the phone very much. very smooth on performance, camera is very nice.
i brought this mobile a month ago through flipkart. Pros: good internal memory, good camera , easy access for apps cons: no flash light, apps like call recorder doesnot get installed.
The Product is very good and was delivered in good condition. Like it a lot.Nokia Lumia 520 has lived up to its reputation.
I don't expect anything else from this phone in this price point. Butter Smooth Touch, Facebook, linked In is awesome. Watsapp works fine, whatever the issues we have with Watsapp like we cant share Pre-Recorded Audios is because of Microsoft Security. Overall awesome experience in terms of Emails, Messaging, Facebook and Basic Functionality is awesome.I believe 525 would be better choice if someone likes to play - Subway Surfer, Temple Run2, these 2 games you cant play in this phone. Thumbs Up !
Great product for low budget, performance is very good. flipkart rocks rackzzs with fast delivery & product quality.
> I bought this phone through flipkart. Best Hardware, consumes very less power and gives out good performance unique feature of NOKIA. Dual ore processor optimizes our work. > Not much different from 720. > Worst headset (Unique feature of NOKIA) Can go for it...... best one at this range.
This i This phone is good its touch is too good and well working phone.............;-)!!!!!!!!!!!!! .....
Great product.. High quality for a lesser money I have been using this product for a long time and the product working fine.. U feel ur using a 20k phone ...Samsung Cant come near to its quality.. great phone from Nokia again Nokia Rocks..
Ordered the phone on friday around mid night.. and received the phone by sunday mid evening. Performance of the phone is really.. A really beautiful Budget smart phone. All installs in windows store are of lesser size when compared to andriod counterparts..not sure how or why.
phone is good with timely delivery and packing is good. You cannot expect same color for accessories also like yellow phone with yellow headset etc.
No words to describe . All thing from a to z is great. Do one thing close your eyes and order what do you want . All product is genuine here . Not to worry.
am very happy with the product, its functionality is very gud. nd am using LUMIA for the first time even though it is very easy to use. i am very happy with the delivery time coz i got the product before the estimated date of delivery... so thankful to u....
this phone lacks audio settings and does not have an equilizer and the high privacy of windows phone os curbs some features of all apps.
Nokia Lumia 520 is nice phone.. good experience You should but this phone instead of same price in Samsung...
Stylish and fast Little difficult with windows st the first time but now its simple :D Thanks
First let me start with my flip cart experience , paid by card on Feb 24 night , and product was delivered by flipkart on Feb 26 . I had ordered flip case also which also came with the product. Good show by Flipkart. The windows phone nokia 520 is amazing and can be treated as king of free apps , really amazing apps like live NDTV , Acrobat PDF viewer , battery , Free Music so much of music , all new releases available , also old ones available, .The Phone is far superior to Samsung or LG Anroid phone. The user is treated royally with several free apps , which user can download after checking reviews. However the file explorer feature is lacking , particularly for accessing files in music card. Need feature to launch an application in SD card using explorer whether it be mp3, video or ms office file. Value for money , recommended for buying. Shankaran
The phone is very good. Build quality is premium. For the hardware I could say it is the best phone in this range. Microsoft has to work out to customize the windows more as it is little difficult to use it as multitasking in WP. Comparing to Android it looks more professional. My suggest to Nokia is they should work more on customization of the UI so that it can complete the Android & iOS. over all it is good product..........
i ordered this product and flipkart delivered the product as it does at its best..., it is the best product i have ordered -- all hail nokia
Honestly using it after 3 month.this fone not boys it lacks many thing like no file manger contacts cant be saved in phone or memory card. battery life is not up to mark but honestly speking it is suitable for girls. pros:- good camera..really impressed at lot
It is a great phone. Easy to use. Sometimes hangs up but settles down soon. Camera not so OK. Sony Erricson gives better value in this regard - walkman series. Music quality is also good.
At this price range, lumia 520 is the best smart cum windows phone. In the beginning, battery used to drain like mad. later it slowly optimized itself and battery consumption is optimum. To be honest, I kinda felt regretted after lumia 525 release as it is upgraded version of 520. If u like to have a smart phone with windows OS in 8-8.5 K range, go for it
Best smartphone in the range. Superb battery life with great touch sensitivity. No comments on rest of the features. Simply amazing. According to me, for this range of price, cell lags behind in the absence equalizer for music player. Flipkart delivery is satisfactory.
best hardware and performance and support of Nokia with Windows Phone 8 soon going to be upgraded in Windows Phone 8.1 lots of positive points it holds which all already know about, lets see its negative side -screen responsiveness is less -low ram i.e. 512 MB only -no sunlight readability as other lumia versions (but its OK in this price range) -lil fatty -loose and low quality back cover this is it.. all about hardware going to software part its Windows Phone which is still at the low ground in front of Android and iOS but still its awesome and have rich looks and UI and is improving on daily basis.. M in love with it.. guys these negative points are always compensated through its prices.. just go for it...
Wonderful smart phone .I'm really satisfied with this. A complete window phone at this price. Very quick service of flipkart.
The phone is simply amazing, including the OS. There is no other phone in this range which has a smoother User Interface or touch. Details regarding its camera quality, black update etc. can be easily found online. So, I am not going to rewrite the same. A couple of things which I could not find online are: Side buttons aren't as sturdy as expected and the phone starts heating up with continued usage (I was playing Hill Climb Racing and listening to music) of 2-3 hours. Otherwise, I don't think that this phone as any shortcomings. Not having a front camera or flash isn't a drawback because: 1. The Manufacturer does not claim to offer it. 2. The Manufacturer does not claim to offer it. 3. The Manufacturer does not claim to offer it. You cannot expect a mason to do the jobs of a plumber. If you want a flash and a front camera at this price, go for some android phone which provides this feature. But, most probably, the phone would start lagging after a couple of weeks. The choice is yours. P.S. The phone doesn't come with a screen guard.
nice product. very worth at low price. anyone would love to use this 520. nokia 520 is amazing.very greatful to nokia
U will get so much reason from the other reviewers why you will buy this phone. But I am telling you that there is only one reason which is enough to say you why you should not buy this phone. This phone doesn't have music equilizar. Without music equilizar the music quality is really very bad. After spending Rs 8300 I found that this phone is not at all for music listener. Besides, there is not separate option to increase or decrease ringtone volume and music volume. If you will decrease the music volume then automatically the ringtone volume will be decreased. The max volume is 30 and you can hear music through headphone upto max 16. After every time stopping the music player you have to increase the volume of the phone. If you will forget to do this then next time when any call will come then you will not able to hear that as in the volume 16 the ringtone volume can only be heard if the phone will be kept beside you. I can say that my old samsung galaxy Y was far better than this. I just bought this phone 20 days ago and now I again started to use my old phone and trying to get a new android mobile with exchange my Lumia 520. I gave 2 ratings only because of the looks and other some good features.
After using Nokia Lumia 520, I realize why's its Nokia best seller model. The design and features in the given range is Awesome. I personally use phone for some basic use along with surfing and few apps. I have a good experience.
excellent product.no lagging and hence no irritations a bit slow in response when interchanging landscape and portrait modes Everything else is fine. almost all apps are available for windows mobile os also :) Indeed the best product in the price range
it is a good phone, feels good in the hand and also doesn't hang , gud camera and sound too i recommend people to buy it
what i didn't like about this phone 1. battery backup is very bad 2. doesn't support USB tethering 3. doesn't support many video formats 4. doesn't have a flash player 5. it lacks flash and front cam 6. most of the games are paid 7. antenna is weak 8. there is no app to clear the temporary files (other files)
product working is not good at all,so many problems are there on this handset.It gets hang n switched off without any reason,n frequently....bluetooth is having so many problems....even screen enlarges without reason.
This device is very good and better than android phone ,Nokia is rocking ,This phone have lot of features, i like this phone using from last 9 months so far no complain
i got mobile Nokia Lumia 520 at very low cost and with good quality.so thank to flipcart so please purchase online
i'm prakash ,i hav purchased a lumia wchich is the best at this price range..awesome delivry,great purchase at this price..worth of buying
Its real value for money. Better than iOS and Android believe me i have used everything. Its camera app is amazing and faster access to your apps
A perfect buy withing 10k. Great looks .. perfect size .. very good to use.. There is hardly any drawback I would say..
I've been using this Lumia 520 for over 3 weeks now, and I must say, I'm delighted. The Windows OS is better than Android in every possible way, except the no. of apps in the store. The touch is extremely responsive. Speakers are good enough; earphones amazing. Great camera, but poor low-light imaging due to no LED Flash. No front camera either. Processor is fast enough unless you are a heavy gamer. However, battery drains quickly while listening to music, watching videos or using WiFi. To conclude, its an unbelievable buy at the price tag of under 8k. But if your budget allows, then Lumia 525, Lumia 620 or Lumia 625 will be still better options... Happy Buy :)
I purchased this phone from a shop becoz when it was launched, the handsets were limited and was not even available on flipkart even though i pre-ordered this phone. I am using this phone for 10 months the problem now I am facing is it reboots itself..i contacted nokia care but they told me to do the soft reset which did but not help, secondly, I never used the phone for making conference call but when i tried once it did not work.also sometimes camera button does not respond.I did not expect this from such a big brand ,nokia. As this was my first smartphone i do not know whether other smart phone also gives the same problem after using for some time or not. but i have learnt one thing that spending thousands on smartphone is neither worth nor sensible it is just a "KEEDA" which tempts us to spend our hard earned money on these devices.
Mobile screen was delicate, My screen was broken and Nokia Care were charging Very High for this screen. I took it from outside, buit was not good.
Value for money. If you are looking for some sensible and budget phone then it should be your pic. I have been using this phone for quite some time and very much satisfied.
Compact hold, Excellent display and good photo clarity. A little difficult at the initial stage of operation. It will be so easy later on.
I bought this to gift to my sister. That's a awesome phone for the best in that year. The device is working very good even if you play more games and see more movies the battery back up is good. But by using the 3G net the battery is getting little bit quick down but not drastically. For overall the Device is working very good if the ram is little bit speed it will be more exiciting
I usng it from 3rd february, 2014. nokia gives us a real giant phone. yepz, in Windows does not support too much apps, but evey useful nd needed apps r available in Windows store nd nokia store(like Adobe reader, accu weather, nokia smart cam, whats app, uc browser , etc). snap dragon processor makes this phone a big giant. every apps works very smothly, nd it has own Facebook apps. touch is really superb, u can't imagine how smooth is that. battery back up good. screen brightnees auto adjustable. it has big -ve point, is that equliser. its unbelievable that lumia 520 is not support any equliser. nokia hdph altime worst, so,m using JBL JO1U. sound quality good. Very balanced. Bass boost is very good. camera is really awesome. overall nokia always be good, but need to little extra care about their production. its much better than micromax, sony, nd Samsung. best phone under 8k. Flipkart rock, i got my phone in 2days. m from Durgapur. thankyou flipkart.
Windows Phone Experience at throw-away price. If you have budget then go for the 925 and the like. If not, be happy with this one - it does way more than what its worth. If you want to nitpick this is not the phone for you.
Quite a good phone. One of its demerit is its bluetooth. Other than that i love my phone !! Its affordable and cost effective !!
its a great phone i just luved the whole windows ui the camera app is also so gooood the phone could be better by flash and a gig of ram
its a god phone from nokia ...smooth touch and whole lot of features. Flipkart service is really good.
I bought this for myself and I has been using it for more than 4months. I would say this one is a excellent product within this price band. The touch, interface, build is quite good. I would definitely recommend it. Pros: 1. Amazing look and style. 2. Windows 8 OS. 3. Awesome price tag. 4. Reliability of Nokia. 5. Good Display and Nokia Clear Black Technology. 6. 4" Display. 7. Latest Black Update. 8.1 GHz Dual Core Processor. Cons: 1. No Flash or Secondary camera. 2. 512 MB RAM. Overall , The Lumia is the best phone you can buy on this price tag. Thanks a lot Flipkart for providing me this unit and a great price. and Thanks WS Retail for for there quick delivery.
I bought this for my wife and she has been using it for more than a month. I would say this one is a excellent product within this price band. The touch, interface, build is quite good. I would definitely recommend it.
I bought this mobile 3 months back, This mobile is really good. Sure we can go for it. Pros: 1. Stylish design 2. Easy to use 3. certain apps are good for reading 4. google maps 5. windows mobile with average apps 6. battery charge is ok 7. nice GUI Cons: 1. windows doesn't have more apps compared to Android 2. sometimes the apps works slow
I m using this mobile and last week bought 4th mobile through flipkart , best service . Camera quality is better than other mobiles in this range, backup is awesome, touch is best, reasonable price at flipkart and delivers in a day. (bought two mobiles from flipkart)
It's wonderful gadget and rough and tough and hard to operate and some defects are there like without screen guard
Hai,i am here to review a product for the very first time.l bought NOKIA LUMIA 520 RED.l am very much happy with my WP8(Windows Phone8).It's so unfair talking worse about the phone's performance because the 512mb dual core processor is very fast without any lags so far for casual gaming and web browsing.Now l understand why the nokia lumia cameras are award winning ones.When we compare its camera with other branded phone's camera with same megapixel quality,we can feel the difference in the photo quality.5mp camera avails features off various lens(like panorama,nokia camera,camera360 etc) of which some are pre-installed and others can be made available from store for free. PROS •Dual core snapdragon processor - fast and user friendly •5mp camera-worth of the quality,better for casual photography •Verified apps are available from the store with no problem of causing any lags •Windows8 OS with live tiles that providing easy access •Good music and video player(expect shows non-playability issues on certain mp4 videos) •Good look and superb design •Played games such as TEMPLE RUN,DRIFT MANIA,FRUIT SLASH,WORLD CRICKET CHAMPIONSHIP without any lags(but got stuck in only two or three situations) •HD video(720p) recording •NOKIA MUSIC allows to download our favourite and latest movie mp3s within a minute(for downloading single mp3 song) •Superfast wifi feature CONS •Lacks camera flash and so night photography is almost impossible(But never expect more than this from NOKIA at this low price) •Certain essential apps are available as paid apps only(like IDM,METROTUBE,ANGRY BIRDS) •Lacks a perfect file manager app as in android phones •Lacks video sharing via bluetooth(but videos can be shared so by copying desired video files from PC to the 'saved pictures' folder and then there will get displayed 'share' option) •Normally free apps never save the downloaded youtube videos to our SD card. . Most of the above are not the faults of the phone but are the limitations of windows phones.I reported these points only considering those who want to buy this phone. SO I RATE THIS PHONE 7.5 OUT OF 10 for its camera,performance,user-friendliness availability of verified apps,superb design and look) .
The product is good as expected.it was 100 % original with very fast shipping by flipkart. no comments
Phone is not working properly. It has hanging problem since I bought this for My Maa. She said change this and bought ant Samsung phone for me
lucky to got in a very low price in flipkart only. and the price is rise too much. good phone for simple playing games best for internet, and big thing in your hand in low budget of your pocket.
The phone is really good. Clear display and very nice features. One of the main drawback is that it is not supplied with any PC suite/drivers or anything like that which means you have to transfer data via bluetooth only from old phone and it really takes lot of time. Another shock i got was that for the first time i found that it is not compatible with tradtional mini-sim. The slot is very small and meant for microsim instead. You will have to either cut the traditional sim (be careful while doing this) or have to get the sim replaced at a mobile operator service centre. N that is really irritating. Imagine you have got a new phone on saturday and you just cant use it till monday only because you dont have the sim of that size. Overall I would recommend it is the beast deal at this price
First of all i would like to thank flipkart for such a on time delivery. Bought this phone few months back and its working awesomely great.. great battery back up for mixed usage . the is too good. Overall rating for usage 9 on 10. Just go for it.. guys...!!
I am also using blackberry and xperia android phones but this is the best one. Good battery, light weight, all apps spported overall good phone.
windows os sucks like hell.... have a look at their market app and compare it wid android and ios... it sucks... but this is india... so anything can be a hit.... for ex this mob.... amazin g.... cant even run temple run...lol...rofl.... better get a cheap phone from micromax and play angry birds in that.... windows is designed for sissy girls... android is changing the definition of smartphones... bechara microsoft is tying up wid cheap lava, xolo, karbonn etc to save themselves...
Everything good including perfect time delivery. About the product it is not opt for continuous usage. Battery backup is not sufficient. It stands up to eveningif keep on using. Even it stands upto 36 hours maximum if it is rarely used. Other than that group message can be sent only to the contacts that were grouped. Couldn't send for selected 2 or more contacts. Except these the device is good.
a great phone in rs.8000/- range.. U cant expect a better windows phone than this in so much less amount..... fullfill max of users demand....Seems better than even android. but it may disapoint u a little bit when comes to apps for music, videos and others...except this a a superb phone and a must buy..
I love this set while using for phone, net surfing and using MS office. Really an excellent product by the mobile giant Nokia with Window OS Giant Microsoft at this price range.
All Lumia features available at 7.7k. It is an Awesome phone at this price. Good service from Flipkart.
uts wonderful... you should go for it, if u r thinking of buying any smart phn....it will value your money ...I LOVE YOU NOKIA LUMIA .AND FLIPKART
There are so many reviews on this product.. I'm happy with the phone.. I'm listing out only the cons *) Touch screen is so sensitive (not only for gloves), if you drop it even a distance of 15 cm touch is broken... This is not only for me.. In my office almost 60% of the people who has lumia got broken their digitizer.. The worst part is that, digitizer cost around 30~50% of your total phone price.. The best option I would say is to get insurance when you buy this product *) There are few more basic phone features are not present in Windows Phone 8.. Good thing is that some of them are already fixed in Black update and few others are planned to resolved in Windows Phone 8.1 update, I'm not yet sure whether 520 will receive 8.1 update.. Lets see Other than these two it's a good product
This is a good phone suitable especially for ladies who don't need much apps and crazy music players. Pros Stable Good display Internal memory Cons Windows doesn't have much apps. I wanted a good music player such as Poweramp for Android, nothing available
Good Nokia build quality Easy windows user interface and my dad was able to catch up in a week's time though he is a first time smartphone user. Very happy with the purchase and the value proposition it brings.
It has Office 365, email and linkedin integration. So if you are a hard working guy, it will help you to do your job smartly, without even hurting your pocket. If you want a phone for your social needs, then don't look for any other phone. Windows Phones are best in this category as they have Facebook, Twitter,skype integration, and a lot of IM apps to keep you connected. People Hub, merges your contacts from FB, Twitter, Linkedin and show all of their latest updates on single tile (if you wish to). Ah, I know Facebook has launched so called Facebook Home (actually its an Android Launcher for all android devices), which brings facebook integration to android phone, but believe me, its nothing different from windows phone integration. Moreover, it will create problems in laggy androids, can't say if it will run on budget devices too. High End Gamers, Ignore it. Enough said. Casual Gamers, it has collection of games till Ashphalt 7 Heat. Temple Run is not yet available, but its said that lower version coming. By the time you can play games like Angry birds (all), xboxlive games (Yahtzee, Skulls of the shogun, AlphaJax, Wordament, Monopoly, NFS undercover, shift, etc) and beside that, there are many more non xboxlive games like from gameloft (Amazing Spiderman, Real soccer, Dark Knight, etc) and from other famous developers. Music addicts, go for it. It has nice music player. Nokia Music service provided by nokia completes multimedia needs. No need of any other apps. It allows free music download (free for 3 months, afterward, subscription can be extended by giving nominal charges), Mix radio plays random music of your choice, lyrics are shown with just a tap. Sound is very nice. Though it lacks Dolby enhancements, but still the plain music sounds too good. The high bass levels do not distort if Good quality headphones are used, which is not the case with other competitive phones, & rest assured, you will feel the beat. Video playback is good. Almost all standard formats are supported, but yeh, formats like mkv, which are quite famous on torrent are not supported. Youtube videos plays like water flow, conditioned you are using 3g data pack/high speed wifi network. 2G can't handle smooth play, but pre downloading is smooth in 2g speed. Apps are available to download youtube videos. Photography on this phone is average. Its 5MP camera is good. Performs well against similar rivals. But one thing you will surely like about the camera is its capability to record 720p HD videos at 30fps. That's the thing which no phone provide till now under 11k price range (of-course I am not considering non branded/cheap brand phones). So from my side, its a big thumbs up but Lumia 620 is much better option. Look for another review of Difference between L520 & L620.
In case you are looking for a smartphone below 10K with almost all the features needed plus super touch screen along with beautiful Windows OS go for it. This is the best you can get. Really awesome. I had a bad feeling bout Nokia smartphones and the windows OS. But must say this mobile is fascinating. Pros: 1. VALUE FOR MONEY INDEED 2. Touch sensitivity is awesome 3. Screen size and pixel-resolution is just the best at this price 4. Good battery life Cons: 1. Camera quality is not so great. 2. No flash 3. No front camera for selfy or video chatting But Pros weigh more than the cons at this price.
Nice Phone.....and the service by FLIPCART is very good.....and the windows os is also very good....n after using this....mind cant accept any other os in hand
ADVANTAGES : 1. GOOD CRYSTAL CLEAR 5 MP CAMERA 2. NICE FEATHER TOUCH 3. PROCESSING SPEED IS GOOD COMPARED TO ANDROID PHONES 4. MOBILE NOT HANGING WHEN TOO MANY APPLICATIONS ARE LOADED AND ALSO WHEN MEMORY OF THE PHONE IS FILLED 5. SOUND QUALITY IS GOOD 6. HD VIDEOS ARE CRYSTAL CLEARLY VIEWED 7. SPEECH RECOGNITION IS ENABLED DIS-ADVANTAGES : 1.PHONE FEATURES HARD TO FIND AND UNDERSTAND 2. VIDEOS ARE NOT ABLE TO SENT VIA BLUETOOTH 3. MOST OF THE WINDOWS APPLICATIONS ARE NOT FREE 4. THERE IS NO FILE MANAGER. NOT ABLE TO FIND A PARTICULAR FILE WHERE IT IS. 5. HEADPHONES ARE AVERAGE ONLY. OVERALL A GOOD PHONE AT THIS PRICE. I SUGGEST TO BUY THIS.
I HAVE BEEN USING THE PHONE SINCE LAST NOVEMBER AND FIRSTLY FOR AN ANDROID USER LIKE ME , OPERATING WINDOWS PHONE 8 WAS A NEW EXPERIENCE,IT TOOK ALMOST ONE DAY TO KNOW ALL THE FUNCTIONS OF THE PHONE AND FIRST LOOK IT SEEMS AWESOME 2 ME, AND BUILT QUALITY IS ALSO GOOD THE PHONE DROPPED FROM MY HANDS SEVERAL TIME BUT IT HAVEN'T GOT ANY SCRATCHES I AM WRITING THIS REVIEW BUY CONNECTING MY LAPTOP WITH ITS WIFI AND NET SHARING,BUT MY DEAR FRIENDS I AM NOT ABLE TO PLAY TEMPLE RUN 2 AND SUBWAY SURFER THOUGH IT IS AVAILABLE ON WINDOWS STORE SO PLEASE CONSIDER BUYING LUMIA 525 WHICH HAS 1 GB OF RAM
WORTH THE MONEY FOR AN ENTRY LEVEL SMART PHONE. WINDOWS 8 INTERFACE IS GOOD, THE TOUCH SCREEN IS RESPONSIVE. IT HANGS THOUGH WHILE PLAYING GAMES BUT DONT NEED TO SWITCH OFF JUST TOGGLE BETWEEN THE SCREENS THAT SHUD SUFFICE. ELSE PRESS THE POWER BUTTON ONCE TO BLANK OUT THE SCREEN. AS I SAID ITS A GOOD BUY FOR AN USER TO SURF THE NET OR TO USE SOCIAL APPS.
Have had so many issues with this so far - phone used to die as soon as I put it down at one point. Have had multiple factory resets. It doesn't ahave basic features like copying contacts between phone and sim
thks to flipkart.. but i suggest flipkart to eanter detail. which will not make customers to get confuse.. any ways Nokia is always better, thks for worthy mobile
The battery back up is very bad but the mobile looks good. The games close on its own in the middle like temple run. Unable to set mp3 ringtones. The volume is also not great.
I got this phone within 2 days after i ordered. I estimate was for 4-5 days but i got it in 2 days. Thanks flipkart. Lumia 520 is a simple compact with awesome windows experience. Cons: No NFC - that's fine. No compass - Compromise with this price point. No front camera - no Flash: well should have added one but again the price !!! No gorilla glass screen protection. - A screen guard will do the job. The white matte back panel of the phone was a bit rough than i expected. Not sure where the fault is. I check the black one from my friend . It was smoother. Pros: Good back camera. - Gave real nice pics. Nice screen. Nokia Music- Nice app from Nokia - unlimited music download with latest collection. No lag in light weight games or apps. Microsoft Xbox games - Windows app ecosystem got better. compact to hold. Overall one of the best budget phones out there.
Good mobile ….. Large internal memory helps to have good gaming experience. Touch is good. But map is not very user friendly.
This is a great phone. Though a few features are missing at this price range like a secondary camera, 512 MB RAM is too less...it should have been at least 1 GB.
The phone has the worst app store I've ever seen. I couldn't even find a file manager for my Lumia. Definitely not worth 8k. Better to for Galaxy S duos 2, it's worth 9k, and a tad better! When I stream 720p videos on WiFi the battery drains in an hour. Nothing can be worse!
I am loyal user of Nokia products and that is the first reason I bought this phone. And truly speaking it is best phone in its category. If someone think Android phones are best compare to Windows phone, that may be true in some ways. But I must say Windows phone are no where less compare to Android phones. Now they have almost all the Apps you need. Missing features are also coming with latest updates.( For example Inbuild offline Radio.) I bat you will not regret after buying this phone.
Excellent and prompt delivery service at the best rate for the mobile in the market. However, upgrading to 525 launch in just a week's time - the phone technology is now out dated.
Best affordable smartphone available now. And i got it for really cool price from flipkart. More more apps are getting added to store day by day..so dont worry that is windows phone and fewer apps available. Really nice smartphone if you not as avid gamer. Pros: 1 GHz processor, 8 GB internal memory, 5 MP camera Cons: 512 RAM, No Flash for camera, no back light for capacitive keys
NOKIA 520 PHONE IS VERY GOOD,PAISA VASUL PRODUCT,AND FLIPKART ALSO SEND DELEVERY ON TIME SO RECOMNDED THE PRODUCT
Overall good experience from flipkart. Shipping was bit slow. Nokia Lumia 520 is one of the best low priced smart phone available in market. It has a premium look. I recomend the lumia 520 ,but it is not so user friendly.
Flipkart service is excellent. Delivered within two days of ordering. Lumia 520 is really a nice phone look wise, very sturdy and has got all the essential features. WIN OS is also good, its been three weeks, running smoothly without any hanging so far.
If not for the interface and software support, i would have given this phone a 5 on 5. The build of the phone and other hardware components are really good and far above average at this cost. rather than going to an android phone for this budget, better to go for 520! Hope, application support improves in the near future, making windows one of the smart phone pro!
This is really good phone for the learners abt the smart and windows phone. Feather touch and lot more features from Nokia
Having a pretty good experience using Lumia 520.. User interface is so good, Touch is damn responsive, Has a decent screen resolution, No need for any anti virus coz ya its a windows phone.. Came to know that one recently, if u're looking for a 10k smartphone.. This beast should definitely be under one of your options.
Plus: Net speed is very good. Touch screen feels nice. Battery is very good. Sound Quality is superb. Audio and Video(quality) play awesome. Minus: You can't use it under sun light. No front cam. No flash. Bing search button. ( User have to search only from Bing. No other option. Who use Bing ? ) 512 RAM.(Means No big games. ex.Temple Run) Suggestion: If you are NOT a tech geek who plays with phone on 24/7.. go for it. Features are limited. But this product is very worth for it's price.
i think its great phone in the world these are the feature 1 sensetive touch 2camera 3big screen 4 big battery 5attaractive look
Its a very good and very smooth,price is also affordable. Thanks to flipkart for offering such a nice services.
Nice product..awesome experience...touch is ultimate . flipkart service is also excellent. Windows is better than Android the camera is average, sound quality is goood..1ghz dual core processor helps in better multitasking within different applications... .
I was a lumia/windows enthusiast and i liked every feature that lumia has been packed with. default apps present in the phone are flawless. Best add-on is the availability of MS office, I could use word or excel even while i was travelling. However....If you happen to be a heavy whatsapp user, please do not go for Windows. The App is full of bugs. It crashes almost everytime. So much so that you would ultimately start hating the phone. Another known issue in the lumia is the faulty volume control. It happens rarely, but when it does, it is disturbing. While playing music, sometimes the volume control does not work. And you would need to close the music player and come back again to control the volume.
Go for it because it is the best phone you will get at this price. Nokia stands again to its camera quality. Battery may be an issue but still it is fine. Display is better as compared to other phone in market at this price.
Loving the Nokia Lumia 520. It is even better than the previous Nokia Lumia I was using, though that was priced higher than this one. It is power packed with features and is very reasonable. Am very happy with the phone.
It's almost more than 8 months with using this product, satisfied with the product. Pros; Wallet friendly All the famous apps available on windows store, easy to download. light weight Windows 8 black update successfully updated. Cons - price is going down rapidly back cover can open instantly. some apps like whatsapp and facebook get hanged. Apart from these features, Lumia is value for money. must buy.
Good phone within the price.. Containing all the basic apps.. And u can change the back panels, its so cool..
Was a little apprehensive in ordering it since have been exposed to Android phones but am happy with the feedback that I have received from my brother who is using this as a primary device. There is little lag and the phone performs fantastically with 512 MB RAM. The only issue in comparison to Android is the apps but with Nokia's resurgence in the market, am sure will improve by leaps and bounds.
pros: 1. Very good camera. 2. very good touch response. it is responsive to even finger nails. 3. sound quality is good. 4. gaming experience is also fun. No complains at all. 5. look is smart, display is quite nice. 6. Some really very amazing apps are available at windows store and with them this phone works the best you can magine! Cons: 1. If you want to play all kinds of video, you need to buy app from Windows Store. 2. Pictures taken at low light is not that good Well, that was all my views. I find this phone extremely smart though some cons are there I'd suggest you to go for it.
First i want to thank FLIPKART for excellent service,flipkart show me this mobile. Thank you nokia for this fantastic product in windows platform,i am very impressed it's very fast and i felt that i am using something more than a mobile becouse of it's brilliant user interface.I was using galaxy grand and i am totally upset with the bloody lagdroid (android). I have seen lot of bad comments about this phone,guys criticism is not a silly thing that you can play with,it's a budget smartphone and i bought it for 7500 Inr.In this price nokia had done an excellent job . Important things i would like to say are camera,processor,memory,dedicated graphics.windows store is now full of applications and games,one thing i am sure that nokia willbe my only choice in future. Finally Nokia is back back with a bang,expecting more from you nokia Thank you A hardcore Nokia Fan
If you are not freak about all the apps of the world and just want a reliable phone with some basic apps (zomato, whatsapp), this the best phone. A cheap buy @8500. Easy to use. Great touch.The tiles view is something new which i loved the most. I seriously don't know whats the fuss in market about not having a windows phone but really Nokia marked its return with this phone.
win7 are features very nice. camera quality is also very good. worth investing product in this price range.
Well i am using this phone for few Days. Good Things : the phone have comparatively good Internet Speed. Perfect hold on Hand, Specially when playing Games Cons: The phone get heated when you watch Movie or Using Internet Apps are not complete, like Predictive Test during typing is Pathetic No related Number search in Phone Dialer, need to download another dialer Many good apps are paid version Media player is not support many extensions need to buy another apps to play these video formats Thank you
Our requirement was to have a phone that serves following purpose.. 1) Email 2) Social network apps 3) Good Battery backup 4) latest technology, close to it. 5) low budget 6) 4.* inch screen We got the right one. though we should have been waited bit as 525 leased the next day we bought the phone.
Excellent mobile phone, runs smooth, no lags,mindblowing display decent camera,you can edit your word/excel documents con app store is not as good as android no dual sim & secondary cam otherwise SEXY mobile !!
Great phone at this price point. If you are looking for a phone with great battery life, go for it. The build quality is good and colours are smashing. The process to open the cover is cumbersome, for putting battery or SIM card
superbb product and fast delivary from flipkart,,,, lumia 520 still working like super express,,, good phone and no complaints,, lv u lot,, both lumia 520 and flipkart service.,,, :)
decent smartphone but if it had more long lasting battery; when my kid plays video games the battery lasts just 3 hrs otherwise smart buy
+ve Excellent build quality, with a soft, matte-finish Curved back makes it easy to grip Decent display, with good resolution, viewing angles, and under sun legibility Slick Windows Phone UI Smooth performance Excellent set of pre-loaded apps (HERE Drive+, HERE Maps and Nokia Music) Good loudspeaker, and audio quality Decent call quality Decent battery life -Ve Average camera Windows Store lags far behind Android and iOS in quality and quantity of 3rd party apps
I like all kind of mobiles from Nokia. But Nokia Lumia 520 is my favorite.... Wonderful product from Nokia... And Flipkart Service is awesome...
I was looking for a mobile in the range of 7-8k. After a long search and inquiry, I purchased Nokia Lumia 520. I completely satisfied with the performance of the mobile. It is the best mobile in the range of 7-8k. I strongly suggest this mobile if any ones budget is less than Rs/-10,000. Another interesting feature of this mobile is its operating system. Windows 8. Excellent.
Got a nokia lumia 520 last month. Awesome phone worth the buy and good value for money. Camera is very good.
i love this phone reason great battery back up, strong wifi,awesome touch,windows 8,super sound and picture video quality what other needed in this price I'm get this phone just @7899 lower rate then market i love this deal all over very happy to get this many people said freezing problem but in two months i am never face this issue with phone
I ordered Nokia Lumia 520 and received it within 3 days, very fast delivery...keep it up. Product is as good as described on website, and I am happily using it.
well designed with maximum facility at reasonable price,and well priced by flipkart no one can give as better as yours.combo rocks
Nokia Lumia is awesome in this range, services of flipkart is appreciateable. Nokia Lumia 520 has nokia mix radio.
this piece is excellent its working condition also excellent this is best method to buy in online and cost also less compare to cell shops
only 1 disadvantage, its resuming and loading process. otherwise its a worth phone by Nokia. u should really buy it, if u want at price range.
Looks- much better than the available Karbonn micromax Sony or even Samsung mob....white is so elegant in professional.....gives a feeling that ur mob is worth 15000 I bought it for 7300.... Worth every penny.... Speed- not into gaming....so can't comment much..... 512mb is enough....but would have liked 1gb..... But still great speed... No doubt android is d best user friendly is for mob.... Very easy to approach all needed tabs....very convenient to add delete files from comp or net..... The prob with Nokia is its Doesnt hane that great os ...... If u r into too much of a mob user....always trying to download mp3 n videos...then this mob is not for u....for ur old SD card videos...u have to change file extensions so that mob can recognize them... Files that u download can't b accessed very easily.....whatsapp can read ur old SD card videos..so can't send those videos.....only new ones from ur whatsapp contact can be fwd..... Share any video functionality has an issue...so in short u will get pissed off.... I use my android tab to do rest of d stuff which Nokia can't do...... It has a great UI experience but many issues when comes to mp3 n video files... U choose android or windows pH as per ur priorities .... Overall mob is great.....u can order Nokia back covers for350 rs...and can change d look completely ....better buy one extra nokia back cover with this mobile...as they provide free Nokia screen guard......
All the features are good except the battery life. You cannot rely on its battery life and the speed and the features are awesome....simply fantastic...windows rocks..
Gifted this phone to my fiance and she is very happy with this product. Never hangs or lag and is extremely user friendly...
I had been wanting to buy this phone for quite sometime, and I finally did a few weeks back. Lumia 520 is pretty much as I expected it to be, a classy smartphone for a cheap price. My reviews about the phone: Pros- 1. Smooth interface 2. Different feel and look from the mainstream Android phones 3. Good call quality (on loudspeakers too) 4. I received the Windows Black update soon and the process was smooth 5. Camera is also good. The photos have decently good clarity and there are quite a few interesting Nokia apps pre-installed, like Creative Studio, Panorama, Smart Cam, etc. 6. The design is sleek, with only the required buttons positioned rightly. 7. Speed is also good. Does not lag (I have not installed any games or too many apps.. only the necessary ones) Cons- 1. It would be unfair to say that Windows Phone lacks many apps, it has plenty, but most of the popular sites like banks do not have their mobile apps for WP yet. 2. Music is a bit of a pain. The volume control for music playback did not work initially, upon browsing online, I did a soft reset and its working fine for now. Its still a bug that has to be resolved in the next update. Also, there is no equalizer. 3. Data on the phone and SD card cannot be accessed directly, only via the apps. That's how Windows Phone is designed.. a closed OS. 4. Battery isn't too great. It barely lasts a day for me. 5. Whatsapp on Lumia does not allow transfer of audio/video. Files received can only be played from the app, and not with the music player. On the whole, Im happy with the decision I made. For the price, Nokia Lumia 520 is a fair deal.
Phone is good. But I suggest not to go for windows phones. I didnt enjoyed it like a android. Price is also compitable. Positive point is that camera has a very high quality compare to other phone's 5MP camera.
Good @ Camera quality is excellent - Its takes photo like 8MP camera @ @ Body style is good @ @ Quality of the screen is superr @ @ Good Inbulit memory(8GB) Bad @ More time needed to realize the options @ @ Handing the files is not good @ Overall its more than worth for the money....... @ Han
It plays most of the games, has many apps in the windows app store, windows getting better, screen looks good, camera is good too, i bought this for my mom. I think a flash for the camera wud ve been better. Overall its good value for money. I bought it for 7400rs.
The Lumia 520 is a good phone for its price. I got it for 7800 almost 4 months back. But with the launch of the 525, it is better to go for it as it sports a better RAM for gaming. Putting that aside, Pros and Cons Pros: Smooth and Fluid Lumia Black Easy to hold and use Charge is good enough Cons: NO flash NO front facing camera Camera quality is poor But c'mon what all can we expect for 8000rs. Overall Good phone. Go for it if you hate android and want a user friendly mobile.
I purchased new nokia battery 4 months ago. There were many cheap options available in market but I opted for original battery. For first 2 weeks backup was good but after that it slowly started to reduce and in next 2 months it started swelling. Not battery is of no use. It is still in warranty but nokia care is refusing to replace it. There argument is "You have over charged it, thats why it is swollen. It is your fault so we won't replace it." My argument is "I'm using nokia products for past 10 years, and I know how to charge a battery. Also tech experts clearly say that swelling issue is not only because of over charging, it can be a mfg defect also." But no use................ I've lost my money. It is easier to buy a new phone then to replace accessories.
In this peice one issue was face by most of the users was that notifications were often delayed for mesaging apps such as whatsaApp. it is so. pls reply me
Well a good mobile, if u r not a gamer. i dont play games so no lag in OS for me. The body of the mobile is excellent and white color back panel is superb. i hav kept the internal 8gb for mobile use only and hav added an external 8gb for music, video and photos. the mobile is very handy and 4inch well enough from my point of view. though 525 is now available but i think if any one doesn't play games at all like me thn no need to pay more 2k for it. the screen is a scratch proof one but as an indian buyer i hav added a screen guard, so now i m relaxed of havin any damage to the screen.
Long Battery Good Camera Look but not a File Manager Problem with True caller Ring & Song Sound is not increase or decrease diffrent you can't change sms ringtone
Its a definitely a very good product within the price range, if not the best. If anybody wants a cell within 10k then they should go for this one.
Lumia 520 is good, only 4 this price range. Advantages: processor is fast.OS is gud,it never lags. windows store is full of apps, no need to worry about games, all are avaliable. Here drive is the best app, i have ever come across, its very useful. 72GB memory is more than enough 4 apps n videos,also 7 gb skydrive memory comes in handy to store data. Live youtube streaming is really fast. Sound quality is really awesome, nice bass. Light weight, luks really great! Disadvantages: Battery drains very quickly, just like an android phone, i didn't expect that 4m nokia.Also phone gets heated too much, when u r playing games. No flash. This is the worst thing in the phone, even with a 5 mp cam, it doesn't take quality photos. overall, if u r luking 4 a cheap smartphone under 10 grand, i will say go 4 it. There's no better alternative.
Hi guys i bought this phone last year and the suggestion i want to give you people is that it is a good phone but not best there are a lot of drawbacks in this phone and i regret everytime.So guys if you are really tight on budget and wants only windows phone then go for this one but i will advice you to may be wait for sometime and buy another phone or may be other advanced lumia models.....guys dnt buy this phone there are lot of problems in this phone.
Plus points: 1) Nokia Music and Mix Radio are the biggest plus points for me. Legal music at last. 2) Nokia's offline navigation is great as well. 3) Decent camera. 4) With minimal use battery lasts for 2 days. Minus points: 1) No wallpaper, first mid-level phone of mine wherein I cannot set a wallpaper. boohoo. no personalization options of any kind for display/shell. Microsoft have turned one of the biggest pluses from Windows Mobile to one of the biggest minuses in Windows Phone. That's taking a step backwards, Microsoft !! 2) Whatsapp implementation is halfbaked on this platform, so is the default facebook account on this platform. 3) No flash and no front-facing camera. Considering the money we pay for this device, both should have been included. 4) You cannot have contacts on the phone!!! Really weird. You need to have email account that supports contact-sync, else no contacts on your phone!! What was Microsoft thinking (or maybe it wasn't). Even Rs. 500 ($ 8) phone gives me option to have contacts on both phone as well as SIM card, Duh!! 5) No file manager, and platform does not allow developers to create one!! Big negative thing I would say. The memory is filled up and you cannot delete data, because the platform keeps data and app in one place,and memory is shown up as consumed under "others". You cannot navigate to "others" to delete items!! Mighty weird OS, and keeps getting weirder with usage.
Its a nice mobile. But there is some prblm that we can't share video and pdf files. But totally it is nice product. I bought it at 7900.best smartphone at this price and it has nice camera effects. I recommend this mobile?.
best mobile in this price range . Everything except the OS is nice. The os needs more updates. No file manager. Task Manager is also not good.
Very nice product in this price range. Ultimate battery backup, nice camera quality. GPS works fine. Pretty good phone for lumia lovers.
Bought this mobile for my mother and she is happy and able to use the features with little help..Also got a good cash back of 10%....
Lumia 520 is my first phone with Windows. Before the Lumia I had android and actually I like the Lumia more .... The OS is really good , I wasn't sure should I have to buy Windows phone or Android and I'm glad I made this choice. The phone is really fast thanks to the dual core processor and there is no problems or lags with playing every game or to run app ... everything is running good , fast and without lag. The screen is perfect size and the colors are awesome. The camera make amazing videos in HD and the photos are pretty good too :). Really good call quality. Battery is good enough for me. I can earn one they with one charging, but I play a lot of games and I'm using many apps and having 10-20 calls for the day so I guess it's good .... I think the phone is the best on that price , and you won't be disappointed if you buy it for sure ! :) ow , and It's one of the best looking phones for me :) not the best appstore the screen gets scratches but not big scratches and can be repaired with a screen protector
Have used for almost 2 months now. Good sensitive and bright display. Performance phone is also good for the price it is offered. Offers almost 2 day battery life with net connectivity and moderate usage. Good phone for daily use (if you are not in too much gaming).
I was a fan and user of android phones. I thought other OS have no future except android. These myth evaporated after i recieved this product from WS retail. First i will shed light on the time and packaging. They delivered it on time. The packaging was very good. There was a rectagular cartoon. inside it was the mobile box warped in Bubble sheet. Back to windows and nokia. I was using a AMOLED display phone [galaxy s+] thought the nokia display will not be that good. Secondly i thought that windows OS will be complicated. All these myths just got eroded after i started using the phone. the Display was bright with near to nature like looks. The OS was very simple to use Once you get used to it. There is no lag. Every still today is good. GO for lumia phones. go for 525 if u want a more powerful RAM. The future is now in Windows. gone are the days of android monopoly.
i got the product in time and it good. and its working in a good condition. more over the headset seems to be low quality. other all functions are good. And thje main thing is its easy to use
i bought dis phone fr jst rs 7500 frm flipkart.dis product is awsome.nice to use,applications running vry smooth.
The phone is gr8 no need to shed extra 2K for lumia 525 flipkart is best online retailer pros: gud camera excellent touch very well build gud external speaker as well as with headphone windows is great, i like it now.
It is one of the best phone at this price range. More over thanks to flipkart for excellent responce which delivers at the possible fastest speed.
Fabulous Product From Nokia, just loved it. Everything is good in this phone, if it had secondary camera then it could be the best phone i am using in this range.
Great value for Money. Good to know that the phone was updated with Lumia black out of box.As a business phone it offer lot with Microsoft office package bundled with it.
Flipkart Service awesome love it !!!! Received the product within 15 hours ! The received phone was brand sealed so buyers don't need to worry just go for it its good value for money!!
It was something different and a good experience which I had by using this nokia Lumia 520. I feel it was a good shopping For me. Flipkart is something good & better.
Guys am satisfied with this & hope this wont get any complaint but the only thing is i wasnt knowing that the product u provided was a China Made..!!! :(
A complete value for money........fantastic buy. Bought this handset for basic usage but overwhelmed by the features. Runs good even on putting 32 GB Micro SD Card. Gamers can go for Lumia 525 which has a better processor. But this one is just fabulous.
Too many constrains,operating speed also ok. Worthfull for the price and camera clarity is excellent comparing to other mobile in this range. also handy . nothing problem staisfied.
Feeling elated with windows 8. Good display, various camera featyres...just awsome. Having good time with different features of camera. Givig a new dimension to my interest of photography with it. Sound quality, smooth navigation are too good.
Nice features in a cheap and affordable price. It can be used for multiple use including the official purpose as well.
this is to inform all who want to buy this,it is a best phone then any other phones in android below 10k.
Excellent Product - With Cutting edge delivery system _ Thanks WS Retail for the excellent service - this is the second mobile from them Commendable
very nice phone , only drawback is nokia radio mix, firstly it was free , now it says subscription expired , reminds me about politics, overall nice phone
Very good product for price. Microsoft needs to update Windows phone 8 OS quickly to match grown up android.
This time also, flipkart served fantastic with stringent following of deadlines. Product is superfine to use, but may take a while to get used to. Only demerit is the absence of front camera.
Lumia 520, is a great phone at less cost Even after having just 512mb of RAM the phone runs smoothly without any lag same isn't the case with android phones. They run horrible on 512mb RAM using lots of resources in background. You can control services that should run in background which is best in Windows Phone, also helps save memory and battery. I was amazed with the phone specially when I ran Asphalt 8 game, it is awesome, no or least lags I saw while playing, I can easily drift/boost and have fun. Only cons I saw, sometimes app not running properly in background I don't receive latest Hike notifications, sometimes due to no reason I find slowness in phone (happens in rare cases) Lastly I would recommend Windows 8 Phone over Android :)
Excellent smart phone with good features. Super fast, Awesome display. Value for money. Battery backup good for one day use. Games not tried.
Best Budget Windows phone. Got my delivery within a week. Nice packing. been using for a month now. No complaints. looks beautiful, camera is good. video is better than stills. sound quality is good , very easy to use also.
I liked the price standards set by flipkart. After lot of research and browsing via different sites. I choose flipkart to buy this phone. The delivery promise was superb. Overall it was a pleasant experience shopping with flipkart. The phone also is good and is a smart buy for all Nokia Fans.
Nokia Lumia 520 is the super mobile phone in this price range, take this mobile phone without any discussion. Packing is Average. Delivery is Little bit Late. Overall Good. Thanks to Flipkart for the Price Noika Lumia 520 @ 7750/- Only.
This is the best smart phone at entry level, I got this phone at 6.3 K from other site on deal. I have been using it now by 4 months. Windows OS is too good, android with such high tech specs cant match this small monster. Windows OS on Dual core 1 Ghz 512 MB RAM is equivalent to Android Quad Core 1.2 Ghz 1 ~ 2 GB RAM. Over that Nokia Music is the best thing to happen for Music lovers. I love this phone. It is good for any phone user. If u love custom roms and others then u should go for android. As a root user we can do lot of things in android.
I bought lumia 520 black two months back and believe me its the phone that I want. It is suitable for daily uses like viewing & reading emails, searching web playing dames. And I recently updated the phone to Lumia Black and it makes it more stable and smoothie. I am not a fan of camera but would definitely recommend Lumia 525 if you want to play high end games and apps because of 1Gb Ram which we don't have on Lumia 520. So, overall I love my lumia 520 after two months of usage, for me its a hotcake and I also bought it from flipkart at just Rs. 6999 and the flipkart service is awesome got product on time no damage, no lagging just good .
very nice expirence to buy a mobile in flipkart,mobile is in good condition.nokia lumia is better than samsung and sony mobiles
the windows phone os is a revolution, it is a very stable and robust os which is developed by microsoft. also note that microsoft is giving many updates to its os time to time and includes what users are looking for. very satisfied with wp8.
The phone is great. Worth the price. Smooth interface with zero lag. Prompt shipment by Flipkart and delivery in 2 days. Happy with the purchase.
A year of aspirin subscription should be free along with this phone. The phone is extremely good, excellent specs and all. The OS is extremely bad, and stumps you in ways you would not have thought possible today. Example - The videos are non-sharable, period. You cannot share videos via bluetooth, Whatsapp does not have video sharing, not through gmail, etc. You cannot go to your phone gallery, and select all photos and videos, and press delete. You have to delete videos one by one. At times, I feel the OS is still years behind, with so many restrictions for the phone that could have done a lot more without the restrictions. SD card mapping resets to default memory randomly, and everytime you take photos, you find the memory is full despite having attached a new SD card. Not enough apps in the marketplace. So, give it to a person who wants a showy phone but is not android literate and does not use the phone for much beyond phone calls and a few photographs. Not for anyone into heavy usage of phone beyond messaging and photos.
Nokia Lumia 520 Windows 8 Smartphone is really very good phone in terms of feature and performance. it looks also very nice. nice phone in amazing price on Flipkart.
I purchased 2 phones at the same time. Flipkart service is good. good product packing and delivery within time. I am Not very happy with the performance. Battery backup is okay but phone is not very user friendly. Applications are also very limited.
nothing works well total wastge of money, No Memory Viewer, YOu Can't Manage Your files, worst phone, not better than china phone, becoz it lacks basic features which are given by china phones, Nokia is failed company now, you couldn also realise that after buying lumia 520.
Nokia going to capture the market share again using the Lumia series... Suits for middle class to top class with different types of model.....Best in the range of 8K.
I got it delivered within 24 hours as promised by flipkart.... Serious attempt from nokia to regain what it lost to Samsung...
Display: 8/10 Sound clarity :9/10 Processing power: 6/10 [ u should expect also heavy...its kinda descent ] Apps store : 7/10 Built : 9/10 Camera : 7/10 [ 7 for low light/indoor shots else easily 8] Backup : 7/10 [ easily 8-9 hours, usb cable suggested]
I have purchased last June 13 and using it rough and tough. Battery life is very good. Never hang till date. Problem I have observed in sensor of "auto screen light off" during calling. Now my mobile is running on windows black operating system. Very happy to use.
hi all....all thankz to flipkart......the price was so nice........and the product was 100 untouched and genuivene
windows phone is still evolving it needs to do a whole lot of improvement before it can be compared with android, one thing which i don't like is windows very restrictive access to its os to third party application maker because of it they could not make the app as are available in android phone. Nokia hardware is good enough.
Nice phone having a lot of features i like it very much but one thing i want to say that it is very useful for internet browsing,downloading or social networking nice one....nice phone under 10k
Go for Lumia 520 if your budget is below 10,000. Pros: 1. No lags 2. Animated user interface 3. Supports all necessary apps like Whatsapp, Line. 4. Can easily add and manage accounts like Gmail, Hotamail and even exchange (needed for corporate people) Cons: I am satisfied by the feature
i am happy with flipkart services bcoz no extra and hidden charges and product quality is also better most important product delivery is very quick.
Pros: -Nokia Quality. -Good 4 inch display. -Nokia mix radio for latest song downloads. -value for money. -7gb internal memory. -ms office feature. Cons: -no flash for camera
WASTE PRODUCT, NO FLASH, NO VALUE FOR MONEY.DUBBA SET COMPARE TO BRAND SAMSUNG. APPLICATION NOT SUITABLE FOR INDIANS,
What to say .... This is a powerpacked phone .... Every step that nokia took was for a common man to be modern ...... A phone with every thing Including skype that is Able to make video calls with Rear camera which is more clear ..... Got Lumia black update And soon gonna get 8.1 ..... Everything i say ..... U can use what u get in this phone .... . Don't go for brands which give everything n u can Use Nothing ,.. Like MMX .... Micromax Phones provide every feature in their phones .... very few work Finally.... I conclude ..... Nokia Will never break trust of a common man ..... Go for it .... I guarantee U will not get disappointed .....
The product and the delivery was good and swift, highly recommended to everyone , happy shopping, 100 characters is a must that is aweful:)
first of all great work by flipkart to provide the phone with in 8k price.phone is praiseworthy in this range.
Nokia Lumia 520 is really good product from Nokia with good features and with Windows 8 OS. This has good screen size (4 inch) and excellent touch screen, very responsive with pre-loaded apps.
Its good. Screen resolution is best. Look is good. OS is also good. Go ahead if your budget is 7000-10000 Only problem lack of apps.
I bought this in an offer from WS dealer and I absolutely fell in love since its worth the price but if you are a person who love taking pictures then this might not be the right phone for you. Flipkart packing was great as usual and delivered on time.Try buying electronic goods from WS dealer,they are fast,reliable and trustworthy.
My problem with android phones is that there are too many of them...and all give the same user experience. I am a new smartphone user so am not bothered much about each of the features. This phone has a very new UI with metro look of WP8. Touch is good. I think most apps are decent, but then again I am not app savvy. Good phone in this range. My camera button has a problem, but still u can tap and click pictures. Mix tape is a good feature. Form factor of the phone is good, and matte finish is worth it. 3 stars, lower, only because of the camera button. Otherwise I am in love with the phone. Great service from flipkart as usual
If you want to buy a good branded smartphone and not pay a big fortune, Nokia 520 is a good phone for you. It has all the required features that you will require from a basic smartphone. It is not that good for heavy gaming though. Apart from this is a good phone. The apps market (Store) has a good collection of useful apps.
very good phone at this price and working fine . no hang problem like android..more app not available like android in windows phone .but its very good phone
simply the best phone u can get under 8 k,really smooth and powerful smartphone,can play high graphics really smooth,great work by nokia and microsoft
Bought a long back. Best value for money. Con: Need to update the apps frequently. Should have been given smaller buds in Earphone. Picture quality. Not recommended to photo lovers/
I ordered this product and within 2 days it was delivered to me. Really happy to have this phone. Slick desgin, good performance and affordable to have this.
I bought this for my mom.She finds this phone very easy to use and also i played many games on this phone they run very smoothly without any lag.Camera quality is better than windows phone 7.I'll say its the best smart phone lookwise as well as functionality wise for the price range of 8k.
1. Touch screen is superb.....ul love it 2. A Windows phone 8 (*Dual Core*).....mini mobile computer in ur pocket 3. Best apps you can ever get & 90 out of 100 works well & better than in android phones... after all its windows.... 4. Battery backup is good + advanced features to conserve battery 5. Internal memory 8 GB & expandable is 64 GB which i think is more than enough 6. Good camera with 5 MP & HD recording (dont forget to download Nokia Smart Cam app from the store) 7. Finally "A Handsome phone with a Handsome price" 8. Go for it blindly
After using Android for years switched over to windows 8 and it is just good. The response and touch is awesome. Even though it lacks lots of functionality compared to Android, it is really good.
I want to buy this product and enjoying. Really good handset for buy and use. Long battery life and smooth touch.
There is no Privacy and Security for Private Docs, Videos, Messages and Applications. There is no Application for Locking our Private Things.
Excellent!!!!!. The product was delivered on time with no damages. Am satisfied for the price I paid.
Great product for this worth of money, Great windows 8 os, Nice screen and camera lot of windows 8 apps. Looking for more ram and screen resolution
Great product for this worth of money, Great windows 8 os, Nice screen and camera lot of windows 8 apps. Looking for more ram and screen resolution
Nominal range phone with all the best feature to go for it !! Highly recommended stuff to go for it rather than trying some expensive Samsung stuff and than feeling its not worth after few months LOL
the phone is worth every penny u spend!! i had a curious feeling changing from andriod to wp but trust me guys you wont regret buying this amazing product..man the only thing i regret is had i waited for a week before ordering i would have paid 300 bucks less..lolzzz...go for it..
Nice phone with this budget... a dual core processor makes windows works without any lag... although RAM is only 512MB but still all games it works good...
Nokia lumia 520 is very good deal with flipkart and at reasonable price. This windows phone have all necessary features and good performance with given hardware.
For this exceptional price, the phone stands with utmost audacity Pros:- Everything Cons:- FLASH FLASH FLASH!!!!!
I got this phone 8 months back. Looking for a stable and durable phone? This is it!!! The pricing is the deal clincher. A HTC phone with similar config was for 18, 500/-. Lumia 520 was the 7th best phone in the world according to TechRadar. WP interface is completely different and radical. Smooth as butter. There no better phone for this price. There is no point thinking much. Simply, go for it!!!
I bought this mobile last week itself. I can see few problems in this mobile 1. Battery backup is too low than quoted. 2. Can't use Whatsapp app while chatting two or more. I.e., can't chat with two or more on same time. 3. Can't send pc's from whatsapp for pic's which are there in SD card.
Coming from an android, i knew i would have to deal with a less mature ecosystem, but what was a huge let down was the fact that the machine frequently disconnects and goes on extended periods of static. There are the expected bugs and quirks on the OS, phone freezes etc, but nokia failing on the simple basic feature of being a phone is a huge let down. This is wasted money
I am already a big fan of Lumia series. I have already bought 720 on Flipkart within first week of release. I bought two Nokia 520, a black and a white for my parents. They are first time users of smart phones. So, I needed to buy a phone which is easy to use with clear interface. First things first- It looks really good, black specially. Second- Well my parents didn't have hard time mastering the Windows. Only two screens and no complications. Third- People rant so much about free games and apps, trust me windows have enough apps that is more than sufficient, also there are some really good games available for free. Fourth- New Lumia Black and Amber updates are welcome additions to the phone. P.S.I haven't discussed about camera and other specs cause people here already have covered those aspects.
Till date happy. Very good value for money. Wud recommend others to go for it. A perfect smart phone that comes under very low budget without compromising quality.
Its a fantastic product... the flipkart done their delivery on absolute time and day... the packing also good... One of the best Windows Phone ever i seen...
After watching lots of reviews & comparison I decided to buy it as a gift. The phone is worth its value. It was very pleasing that the person receiving it as a gift was very happy and satisfied with it.
I have been using this phone from past 9 months without any problem/issue. The best feature of this phone is internet browsing( faster than many 20K range phones of android). If you are thinking of going a phone under 10K ,this is the best!!
I got this phone in month of December and believe me my First Smartphone (after hearing Reviews such as Windows Phone, Not Android, Less number of Apps etc) is highly delightful and has proved what it stands for. I would like to recommend Lumia Phones to all, just against the hyped Android phones. 1. Battery Life. It is satisfactory. with 1 hour of Games, Data Connection On for compelete day, and few calls it lasts almost 20-22 hours for me. I would give it 4/5. 2. Camera. It again comes in satisfactory category and have clicked few pictures which are good close to 5mpx cam. There are quite a number of apps for camera and thus again giving 4/5. 3. Windows Store. I got what I want with almost of all the apps I require and have installed 20 apps as of now. 4.5/5 stands here. 4. Memory and Storage. Highly Satisfactory at this range, believe me it wont finish I have still half left with 20 apps and 5 games. Ram is 512 which is good for not so heavy gaming. Also, 512mb ram for windows phone and 512mb ram for Android phones cannot be compared as windows phones can run with less ram contrary to android. Rating goes here 5/5 I would like to give 4.5 out of 5 Overall to Lumia 520 which is I think best I would have get at this price range. Flikart Service: It was to be delivered on 30th Dec and quick delivery proved me otherwise. It got delivered on 28th and 28th being saturday and non-working day for me at office and have given offical address. I had to chase down courier man 15 Kms on Saturday as was little impatient to have it quickly. I would rate 4 out of 5 to Flipkart on this as I specifically asked to be delivered on working day with a special note. Anyways, I was satisfied with the service. The phone had a Airtel 3G offer till 31st March and I went to Airtel Centre on 2 Jan for the Offer, They declined and offer finished on 31st Dec. I called up Flipkart and they refunded me 200 Rs as a token of apology. That was generous and would give 5/5 for After Sales-Service to Flipkart.
The Lumia 520 is Nokia’s budget entry into the current range of Lumia's. Despite the fact that the 520 is a sub-10K handset, it doesn’t feel cheap, flimsy or boring. It’s the same version of Windows Phone 8 that the other Lumia's are running, it has similar specs to devices in its family that cost twice as much and it’s just as good-looking. If you need a basic Windows phone, the Nokia Lumia 520 is the way to go. It’s cheap, reliable and good-looking.
Already many people are giving bad reviews on this.A fuck to all who gives a bad review.. Really an excellent product..Buy it on flipkart and enjoy at cheap rates
Good Product in this price, but not at all water proof. Over all a better product. i have sony xperia go i bought it for rs 18000, compared to this,, except water proffing all other spec are almost same (OS is different)
One should not give more than this much for windows phone. Best phone for the price offered. I will suggest this one instead, if anyone looking for any high priced windows phone.
Although not many calls are made at the moment (average call duration 5 mins to 8 mins), may be 5 or 6 calls a day and with 2-4 pictures a day, the battery depletes in 24-30 hrs and I have to recharge it practically everyday. Please note that the initial charge was provided for about 8-10 hrs when the set was first unpacked. So, as of now I am not very happy with the handset. May be I am doing something wrong. Would get this to the Nokia store soon for further assistance/advise.
I liked it due to built quality but many games doesn't work as expected due to ram, 1 gb should have been the best option.
In the given price bracket this is probably the best performing touch screen phone available. Pros. 1. It has dual core processor. 2. UI is very good. 3. Does not lag frequently like the android phones in this same range. 4. Battery back up is good. With wifi on all the time, it gives me a back up of more than 24hrs. With wifi off, it is even better. 5. Colour profile is very good and it is easy on your eyes. 6. With the black update available, features like double tap to wake up phone, locking screen rotation are available. Cons. 1. App market is very bad. No where near android app market. Most of the free apps have limited functionality with constant reminder of buying the full version. 2. Customization of home screen and other customizing features are very less. 3. Radio / Music once played remains in pause mode even if you stop them. This is annoying because, when in pause mode they appear on the screen top when the volume keys are pressed. 4. It sometimes get heated up due to long duration of playing of games with medium to high graphics content.
I purchase this mobile for my sister and she was very happy with the product & service provided by flipkart. Very fast and very nice... :-)
Quality redefined by this phone. 4" display, 5mp cam, 1 Ghz dual core, 512 mb ram, windows 8.... what more do u want at 8000 bucks(that too for a NOKIA). I previously had Xperia U with same configuration as 520 but with DOUBLE price!! If you want a decent phone in budget, GO 4 IT!!
it's better than android phones. i used both of them but windows phone is far better than android. screen 8/10 audio 8/10 battery 8/10 camera in day light 9/10 in night 5/10 processor 8/10 never hangs temple run lags sometimes but good to play. asphalt 8 run smoothly . i have only one problem with watsapp sometime it close automatically.
a good one from nokia.... feeling happy to get this mobile... it is best to buy in flipkart. hereafter my purchase will be in flipkart only for some goods. the mobile which i bought that is nokia lum ina is abest mobile with extrordinary feautures.
I frankly feel android platform is overhyped and a well built windows phone can easily compete with it. As a user of both, i feel windows user experience is better and less complex. 520 is a solidly built phone whose touch experience is exceptional. The apps ecosystem is adequete for all important needs and growing. The email and outlook for official purposes is excellent. The screen clarity is excellent and sunlight readbility is good. The drawback is the camera in low light conditions gives grainy pictures but in good light manages to hold its own with other 5 mp cameras. One other good thing is - yes, skyping is possible using the rear camera.
I took this phone for my sis , n ordered my self a nexus 5 u made me upset by taking long delivery date , i needed to cancel shipment n go to shop.
this cellphone doesn't include a basic equalizer.I tried to download the apps to enhance music clarity....but its of no use because nokia says that its a hardware problem....n cannot include that equalizer.so if u r a frequent music listener don't go for dis cellphone.....!!!!!!!!
hey ws seller.....y is it so ur price keep on changing evry seconds.......wen i thnk to buy n wait for a minute den again da price is diffrnt........i m afraid to buy........pls flipkart and ws seller try to keep only 1 price ................
PACKING IS NICE I RECIVE MY PRODUCT ON TIME, NO PROBLEM WITH THE PRODUCTS GREAT DEALS ON FLIPKART, MUST BUY WINDOWS PHONE
I am using this phone since one year. It's working perfectly. It is very fast and games are running smoothly without any hangs.
I bought this product on 4th January, 2014, and within 20 days the mobile went haywire. The proximity sensor was not working. Mobile used hang a lot. I don't whose fault it is, but guys at Flipkart assured me a replacement, but at the end of 30 Days they screwed this whole thing and I ended up having refund of the product. After this incident I really cannot trust Flipkart. Well taking about the phone, its worth every penny, and best busy in this range. I strongly recommend you to buy this phone.
Nokia amaze me with this stunning phone. Windows 8 performance is awesome. Its better than any android phone in this price range and performance is great
The product delivered on time with a tracking service. The seller is good. This windows phone is a decent model. Not much apps in Windows store, but for a basic smart phone with an affordable price, this is full worth of money.
Lumia series has a better design and have been using nokia 720 and its user friendly and the applications and the features it has are useful and almost have same like android.Camera is very good compared to other mobiles in this range ,initially it had a vibration problem but got the replacement for it.Thanks Flipkart for understanding my concern and helping me out.
Nice phone in the budget range. It has a dual core processor so that compared to other phones in this range its more fast
This is the worst phone ever. Worst battery - claims to have 360 hrs standby time... doesn't even stay on for more than 4 hrs. Experts from Flipkart asked me to keep it on charging for 8-10 hrs, everyday for a couple of days. I followed their instruction, result - 4 hrs standby. Talktime - 1.5 to 2 hrs.. I bought this because I'm a Nokia loyalist. BIG, HUGE let down... Hangs every day. Had to switch on and off at least 2-3 times a day. Calls don't connect, messages don't reach on time. Whats the use of a communication device which fails to connect!! Now i don't know if it's Nokia which is at fault or Flipkart who delivered faulty product (both the times) to me. Yes, both the times, once- delivery, second time - replacement.
best product at this range with loads of stuff ... most improtantly after the black update new features added are great and the camera is the best part of the phone.. Superb camera ...must have phone at this range for class lovers.
Great Value for Money.. It is a good mobile, if you are looking in the Price range of around 7.5K - 8.5K. I bought in Flipkart sale @ 7.5K with 10% discount on American Express card cash back offer. So, My purchase was around 6750/- only, which I don't think anybody in the market can match. In regards to the features also, it is a good phone. I have not faced any problem, using for last 3 months. Also, delivery from Flipkart was on time. If you are looking in this range, please GO AHEAD.
Nice product, but hard to use, all the features of the mobile got deep inside and making us to click more to desired application...
Do not buy this product. It does not have certain features which a phone should have. Waste product. Its just like buying a basic phone.
bhaiya ji.. je phone itno gojab hai... ki windows chalo let hai... mojjedar h bhaiya.. le lo le lo... phooone lena hai toh ye lo.. Lo matlab lena nhi.. khareed lo bhiyaaaa.. :) :) :D
Its so nice...its so easy to shop any thing from flip cart.com.my nokia lumia 520 is very nice.lumia 520 is best window phone.
Just what i expected....I knew what to expect from Nokia, win 8 and at a price tag of this low.... CPU Dual-core 1 GHz GPU Adreno 305 150% value for money...
I have always trusted Nokia, for product price and everything. Nokia Lumia 520 is yet another Nokia product which satisfies your needs. About flipkart, its awesome as always. It already has a great delivery reputation, but could be better. I find Amazon better in case of fast delivery. Flipkart : I believe you can cope up with their delivery speed. I really wish. Anyways, Flipkart still is the best.
After a couple of weeks usage, I found that the volume button just freezes. you cannot increase or decrease the volume and the phone is to be switched off. it would work fine for some time and again the problem would start. The videos in this phone were not playing all of a sudden ..not sure why. For the said problems, I returned the phone once and got a replacement. The new piece was even worst. The above problem started from day 2. I returned this product now and have got the refund. But I appreciate the service of Flipkart the entire procedure of replacement/ refund was smooth and hassle free.
I am highly disappointed with Flipkart for sending me a non functional mobile. Can't switch the phone ON even after charging it for several hours. Please walk into a store, spend sometime to pick your mobile than get cheated online just to save a few bucks.
I bought Lumia 520 on new year sale from flipkart for 7800 bucks.. Initial few days it was OK but after that it keeps on switch OFF itself and now sometime 15-20 times a day its switching OFF without doing anything.. I am totally disappointed the way nokia making such a crappy idiot products in the name of Mobile... This is my first windows mobile before that i was using Samsung galaxy S5380i (better than 520) ... Pros: 1. Price tag. 2. OS. Cons: 1. No LED flash. 2. Almost every Lumia 520 is getting the same problem of automatic Switch OFF... 3. Problem in updating E-mails even when auto sync is switched ON. 4. No option to disable auto rotation screen.. Really pathetic.. 5. No proper media player available in the market. 6. No tethering support.. My verdict: If you want windows experience in mobile pls go ahead with some higher end models and stay away from lumia 520...
Hi All, I recenly purchased Lumia 520 and the is worth for money however most of the apps doesnt load as expected after downloading. Apart from that featur are reall good and beyond my expections.
Have been using the phone for about sometime now. have not a moment to regret buying it. Not sure why some say its difficult to use some aspects of this phone; 1. bluetooth; i transferred all my data from my old phone to lumia the very first time itself, it connects perfectly right and also connects always with my car (bluetooth enabled audio) and very well connects to other mobiles.It does not have a dedicated bluteooth tile by default to keep it in start screen, but this is always available free to download in the windows phone web site. this further simplifies activating and deactivating it. 2. Setting ring tone; unlike other phones you cannot directly set ringtones as soon as you add song to memory card. You can connect to PC and then transfer the required songs into the ringtones folder in phone. Refresh/restart the phone and then you can choose to set any of the songs you have added just like you do with any other phone. Its not that hard thing to do (may be for me, because i charge my phone from PC/laptop) 3. Apps: there are great apps in windows phone website, just spend some time there. You can connect the phone to PC and save the apps to be downloaded directly into your SD card. Once done, touch the stores icon on start screen and then select SD card. the list of apps downloaded is shown and choose to install them. Alternatively you can dwonload from phone too- but the data cost might be applicable. 4. battery life - its good and lasts me well beyond 1 days with net on full time. Can play heavy games with out any lag or over heating. 5. touch is super sensitive, feels very good in hand, speaker is go and loud, camera can be used even when the phone is locked (you can choose not to do so also by disabling it), eye catching tiles, good collections of apps, many other plus. Cons- i have not felt any till date. but might be there on things i am not using much in the phone (but then again that's not many) overall the phone is very good for the price and quality. I would buy more nokia lumia soon. Flipkart rocks, packing, delivery and followup is very good.
I am really very glad with your service this is my second review totally satisfied but one disappointed for me is I have shoped nearly 35,000 RS in flipkart till now but I haven't get any complementry or coupans or discounts for old customers comparing to other online portable services. One more thing is packing is not much satisfied when i book mobile phones... plz improve packing thank you...
Features of the mobile are very good compared to the features of android.Mainly MS-office is the excellent feature int this.Mail's are also working V.Good in this. Touch sensitivity is super,and the speed of the mobile is also gud.
i ordered more then 10 phones in this site but i could not receive any special offer.am the one of dailt visitor of your web site.i suggested this site to my all friends
I am using Lumia 520 last 7 months and its performance is good in all respect but I feel some basic feature need to be there like call duration etc.
Great delivery and price. Timing of delivery and speed was outstanding, as usual from Flipkart and WS retail. Loved the shopping experience and the price that was on offer. The phone itself is outstanding in terms of interface and the look and feel is great. It is a different experience from android phones - would recommend to others without hesitation.
no lags,fast,long battery life ,better with lumia black update..unlimited music from nokia mix radio, But here's something that may have a bearing on whether you buy the Lumia 520 - the phone is now the world's top selling Windows Phone 8 handset, thanks to its impressive specs and low-end price. The Nokia Lumia 520 has a fairly generous 4-inch, 480 x 800 display and is powered by a 1 GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 processor and 512MB of RAM. That may not sound like much but the power matches the Lumia 620, and we had few qualms about the performance of that phone given its price. The screen is actually slightly bigger than that of the Nokia Lumia 620, which only has a 3.8-inch display.
The best phone ever I have used. It is so user friendly and convenient to use.It has the Nokia mix radio in that you can download unlimited music.It has every thing you need. Greet phone Microsoft and Nokia have done a good job.
I consider it as best smartphone under 10K. But I would recommend u to go for Lumia 525 If u wanna use ur phone as a gaming rig. Lumia series is totally awesome!!
Windows phone with a very responsive 4" touch-screen.Decent looks with typical Nokia design & gives an impression of a costlier phone. Performs smoothly without any lag....& Importantly...contrary to my belief loads of useful windows apps available. Best phone overall at this price point. You can't go wrong with it!!
The best phone ever I have used. It is so user friendly and convenient to use.It has the Nokia mix radio in that you can download unlimited music.It has every thing you need. Greet phone Microsoft and Nokia have done a good job.
It is really really good. camera option is also good. I take a big view in one photo. and the library of songs in Nokia music is also great. you can download any of yours favourite . songs.
Good build quality smooth & simple os . if u are not a geek and app freak this one is far better than any android of same price
Really a wonderful product from Nokia. Bought it from Flipkart and awesome Delivery within 1 day. No Complaints till now, Enjoying with Nokia - 520
The best low end smartphone available in market compare to other manufacturers pros.full 3g(21mbps),full hd playback(720p recording)4'ch 233ppi display,and super cool os no lag at all only the drawback is some games in wp market need 1gb ram
Its been over three months that ive been using a lumia 520.They never slow down and are extremely smooth.Undoubtedly the best phone in the market at this price.If you are willing to extend your budget a few thousands more then the lumia 525 is also a very good choice.The 525 has 1 GB of RAM(520 only has 512MB,the only down side) giving you access to the entire app store(as some apps do not work on the 520 due to its low amount of RAM,however most important apps work fine.)The 525 also comes with Rs 2500 worth of games absolutely free.
Bought for my Dad :) He really Liked it & said it is Very user Friendly . Even though It's Not Like rich Android OS , Little Diff ! go for it
so i bought this phone in dec '13 and once i got this phone it felt good in the hands but as i started using it was good in the starting as i was getting free songs and movies by nokia but in long use the phone started to give problems as sometimes it would not run whatsapp and some of the apps and i had to restore it as the phone would not allow me to change volume and would many a time not connect to the internet on wifi. talking about the hardware phone is welly built and has a great camera and speakers. Then about the software, the software is according to me in a beginner stage, as when i am using it now the would make several copy of the same photo and music. one more thing that catcheds my attention is that the apps in windows 8 is very less. now to the pros and cons PRO 1. GREAT SERVICES BY NOKIA SUCH AS FREE MUSIC AND FREE MOVIES 2. GREAT CAMERA 3. GREAT MAPS AND OTHER APPS BY NOKIA 4. BUILT IN MICROSOFT OFFICE 5. WELL BUILT CONS 1. A LOT OF BUGS IN THE SOFTWARE 2. BAD APP ENVIRONMENT 3. INCOMPLETE SOFTWARE 4. LESS APPS 5. NOT FOR GAMING 6.BAD BATTERY LIFE 7. AVERAGE UI SO THIS PHONE IS DEFINATELY FOR THOSE WHO JUST WANT TO HAVE PHONE FOR CALLING MESSAGING AND WHATSAPP. NOT FOR GAMERS. NOT FOR PHOTOGRAPHER. GOOD BUT NOT GREAT
Pros: Value for money Good screen Good battery backup Light weight Small size Windows phone 8 OS is smooth, intuitive and well integrated with social networks Loads of pre-installed Nokia apps like Drive, Maps, Mix Radio etc. Cons: The beveled edge takes some time getting used to
great packing thanks flipkart very gud phne have all features luv window 8 all apps i get even better than android nd screen is awsme luv lumia my lumia
ya thats right its an awsome phone everything works fine. the windows interface is just awsome .. the only con that i felt is the battery ... works aroung 8 -10 hrs .. wid data and media ... not an issue .. and flipkart ... ya took 4 days ... but finally SABAR KA FAL MEETHA HI THA ... :) happie buying !
Excellent and New generation user interface. Phone speed is also speed. You can downlaod the map so that when off network you will easily find the path.
I ordered it quite a month ago, got it delivered on time. I ordered t for my mom, and she is using it very nicely. I was thinking of purchasing samsung s duos over this but then bought this because of the simplicity and uniqueness. For elders who do not use smartphones, a windows phone is the best. Its simple, there's everything that u require(at least all the basics), people with least knowledge can use it easily, everything is on one screen, all you have to do is explore. Its far simpler to use than samsung and sony phones. Other than this, the camera is very good, its without flash but still is better as its 5MP, touch is awsum..for my mom its like the best thing, processor is again good and many more. You won't get a better phone than this at this range.
I have been using this phone from past 4 months, its really good. Pros - 1) Good battery back-up 2) Quality of screen, plastic, finishing etc 3) Windows always updates it like amber, black updates (which andriod never does) 3) Music is really good 4) Proximity sensor are good 5) Camera is a masterpiece with Nokia smart cam etc 6) Windows market has good apps now 7) Nokies drive, maps, here maps are uncomparable Cons : 1) No front camera (with this price it best in market)
Awesome phone but it has only 512 mb ram so most of the games like the amazing spiderman does not work due to less ram,but basic apps are working perfectly and no chances of hanging.I would definetely recommend you to buy this phone.
It has all the features and functionalities I was looking and I feel its worth every penny spent. Most appealing feature are the maps for which you dont need GPRS for navigation. All you need to do is download maps of your choice whenever connected to the internet. MS Office 365 is also one of the main reason for buying this phone.
This was my return to using Nokia products after a brief stint with Samsung. And I must say, I'm extremely pleased. Excellent battery life, snappy OS, and very good hardware overall. I was not completely pleased with the display quality but for this budget, it's far better than other brands in the same price range. Total value for money.
Best phone with good look and good feature. One of my friend using it from lost 6 month without any regret. If u want to go for branded phone with 8k price this is best option. No other brand like Sony, HTC and Samsung [ Not a brand ;-) ] provided this features. Pros 1) got in good packing 2) good head phone 3) Good quality charge ( non USB charger) 4) Got USB cable which can be use for data transfer and connect to laptop to charge phone 5) 4 inch display not seen any branded phone with this feature Cons: no found yet, will update if found any
Nokia Lumia 520 is the best purchase of phone i have ever made. Its just simply superb, touch is great and the windows8 OS as well New apps everyday and a great piece for this price! Buy it!
Must buy this if u are looking for a handset in this price range (7k-8k). Battery backup is a bit on the lower side.......but overall functioning is goog.....user interface is very good
Flipkart offered me the best price available for Nokia Lumia 520. The mobile phone is a fantastic value for money when you compare with other cheap Android offerings from Samsung, Sony or other Indian companies are concerned. You get the feeling of 15k value phone at half of its price. Great package by Nokia. Even though the RAM is only 512 MB there is not much of lag for daily chores like FB,Twitter, email, whatsapp etc etc Its the graphic intensive games that gets affected otherwise one major flaw is the absence of a flash. Nokia should take note of this major shortage and should include one in the next update to compliment its fine camera. Thank you Nokia and Flipkart !!
Having been a hardcore blackberry user in the past, i decided to enter the world of 'smart'phones. I have used the iPhone5s and Galaxy S4 and the Sony Xperia Zr. These are all the high end models by other brands. I decided to take a chance with this model. Pros PRICE.. windows 8 at 7.8k is unbelievable TOUCH..silky smooth .. no problem UI... pretty cool actually .. makes android look like linux and iOS look pale Design.. doesnt feel as plasticky as most models in this price range Battery.. i think 24 hours with 3G is good enough at this range Cons Nothing really.. any con stated would be unfair coz you would be comparing it to a much more expensive phone. BOTTOM LINE: AT THIS RANGE, YOU CAN'T FIND ANY APPLE PRODUCT, ANDROID PRODUCTS AT THIS RANGE ARE WORSE THAN HORSESHIT .. DONT WASTE UR TIME.. BUY NOW
First off, I'd like to say that Windows 8 is not a bad OS for a phone. It's been underestimated a lot, but I really liked it. It's smooth, it's efficient and easy to use. The camera is decent with apps like panorama and editing pre-installed. The phone doesn't hang and is pretty quick in its response to your command. The con that I found is that the phone DOES NOT A HAVE A FRONT FACING CAMERA! So if you want to use apps like Skype to video chat, it's terrible, because you can't enable the other person to see you without having to sit in front of a mirror or something like that. Also, if you use apps like Whatsapp, it is NOT POSSIBLE to send audio files that exist in your library, only photos, videos and contacts. One can only send voice recordings, so that's pretty frustrating. The sound quality and volume levels are excellent. Other than the above mentioned, I have so far not found any other problems or drawbacks and I'm quite happy with the overall performance of the phone.
It's a very good phone. Cons: Can't edit a digit when dialing. Need to punch in the full number again. Hangs every now and then - about once a month. Need to open the phone and extract the battery, etc. to fix it. Using music for alarm tunes needs to be done via a computer interface. Ditto for playlists. Pros: Brightness. It's awesome. Easy readability in the sun. Interface is very user friendly The app store is not cluttered. Yet.
I have ordered 5 Nokia 520 through flipkart not for me.. It includes my family & friends. Its a great piece of work by nokia.
Perfect OS for Phone. Nice, Easy & Fast processing OS and keeps cool in hand. I would suggest all the buyers to pick windows phone over Android.
I am using Lumia 520 since 1 month, had awesome experience with it, Attractive features: 1. Great design, looks awesome. 2. IPS display 3. Good Sound quality 4. Offline maps help to access navigation without data pack 5. Unlimited music listen and download free by mix radio 6. Awesome camera with inbuit lenses. 7. Good battery backup 8. Games run smooth without any lag 9. Almost required apps available free on store. 10. We can easily update windows os
in this budget phone feature is greater then any android phone... Great destine.. good packing and delivery by flipkart i am very satisfied with this phone...
Brought this and using this for last four months, so far no problems. Good windows phone for budget buyer. Nokia always the best in terms of quality.
it is good product but has problem like windows desktop hangs, need to remove the battery for restart. worth to buy in smart phone series.
best mobile as compared to prize, there are regular common useful apps available on windows store but not flexible as android but still i prefer this mobile compared to the budget. thanks to windows and thanks to Nokia. touch is awesome, performance is best, very reliable, my best game is asphalt 8 , you may download apps offline from windows store,and install in mobile through SD card. even there is no flash still images are good in low light, only it takes time to understand new kind of features and functions but once you get how to handle it, the best device.
Its a great product from Nokia family, and is feature rich. Definitely value for money product. Above all, it is a super fast shipping from flipkart. 5 stars for this!
Compared to the crap Samsung offers at prices not reasonable at all,this phone is the best.If offers great performance and the touch is good. This is surely a winner and great value for money!!!!!
best buy for this price. loved the windows phone barring few very minor problems (it does not have the file manager but i am waiting for the day windows will have built in !) great service by flipkart. got the item in a day
Worth Phone with low cost budget with high resolution features.. Introduce the dual sim and Cam with flash light. Multi tasking activities at sureshot time.
I hav been using this mobile for 3 months.,.so far not much of flaws from the windows point of view.,. images and musics can be shared via BT.,but videos oly via sky drive .,.installed 10 games n many apps .,.,.the mob is still nt getting slow.,.a pretty good cam..a flash could hav gone good.,.,
This is the best phone i have ever used in such a price range with amazing features and specifications. The phone works smoothly and the operating system is also good. Even i have used android 4.0 earlier..but i don't think that there is any shortcomings in Windows operating system. All the important and essential applications are also available in windows for free or for a very appropriate cost. Even Windows is better in terms of its battery life. Also I want to specify that the delivery service of Flipkart and WS Retail is extremely fast and fantabulous.
I am nokia fan and baught this phone as I was boared with Android but it is not the best product by nokia as it has too may cons Pros: 1. Display and touch is good. 2. Internal memory is 8gb,good considering rivals providing 4gb at this price. 3. Look is awesome. 4.2g internet speed is great Cons: 1. Gets heated alot like an iron. 2. Battery back up is worst.Have to charge 2 times daily for continuous use. 3. Windows have complicated the volume levels for this phone as ring volume and song volume mixed.You can miss your imp calls because of this. 4. Headphones arent too great.Dont have button to pick up calls. 5. No Equaliser for songs,and Bass level is too low. Also, when playing songs the volume cant be adjusted sometimes. 6.gets hang too often(screen xooms suddenly and u cnt do anything) 7.No video player as MX player.So cant play all formats. 8. No file manager.Common you cant live without that,cause u have to connect everytime to your PC. Choose wisely. Go for any android phone with 2 or 3 K higher.
I recently bought a Nokia Lumia 520 from Flipkart. I must say this is an excellent phone- very user friendly, with great features and at an unbelievable price. I can now access multiple e-mail ids, including my official e-mails, listen to music and stay online at all times. The apps are great too. A few shortcomings would be that this phone does not have a front camera, it has a 500 MB RAM and the earphones are not that great. However, considering the price and other features, this is an excellent deal indeed.
cool phone, now I am going to purchase 625, TOUCH IS GOOD , NO HANGING PROBLEM, battery backup is also good........................
I got my Lumia 520 from Flipkart and it was always a wise move to buy it. Great smartphone in budget. Thanks Flipkart.
this phone is amazing worth the cost the flipkart delivery was good no damage to product . The BEst Phone i have ever seeeen all games work smooth No lag ever faced .amazing phone by Nokia
I bought this phone for my friend more than 6 months back. And the condition of the phone is good till now and had a small problem with camera button initially. It solved by adjusting the back cover.
Best and cheapest phone ve 1. Best configuration for this price 2. Windows OS 3. Worth for the price -ve 1. Flipkart started charging for delivering on time / quick
got this fone for below 8k..i guess bcoz they were launching lumia 525 at 10k...anyway i did not need the extra 512mb ram or glossy back cover bcoz i dont use my phone to play games... flipkart delivery was very fast 2 days before ETA... i use this fone for just calling,GPS drive ,net use.As for me Windows has been a better experience than android phones in this price range,bcoz android on low budget fones are very laggy but WP8 is smooth. people choose android bcoz their friends have android..but trust me.. an android fone below 10k is no galaxy s3..but sure android has millions of apps which you wont even use.. :P IMO Pros- nice and fast interface free GPS guide decent video camera decent loudspeaker essential apps are available nice camera apps esp- photosynth good wifi connectivity cons- photo camera has noise fone restarts sometimes when using untrusted apps oil from hand easily sticks on screen overall i feel its worth the money i spent...
Very good phone and very responsive with a 1 Ghz processor and wat to tell about the camera its very good.. And no words to describe it..
Awesome budget phone it is. Only drawback is the absense of Gorilla glass. Scratch proof display is enough for most of them too keep the mobile in pocket or in a clutch without any scratch. But for a person like me who drops mobile very casually needs the Gorilla glass. Guess 720 will be the ideal one. Enough manually intervening with the mobile's memory management and cleaning the RAM as a daily routine in Android. Windows Phone is fastest and am using it without any worry of memory or anything else. And this phone is worth than its price of 8K available here.
Superb phone...Windows OS rocks...Really. I am very much happy with Lumia 520. With this price really a great phone.
its bet phone i ever had :) the only drawback is it does not have a flashlight in it otherwise its an awesome phone :)
This was my first purchase from Flipkart. Even though the product was delivered on time, but the product was not in sealed condition. The outer packing was neatly done but the product provided was not in a sealed condition.
best retailer- best product- best online shopping portal. Definitely gonna suggest this to my friends and folks.
one of the best phones in this price range.. no lags pretty fast compared to even higher end android phone, I've been using Galaxy Grand duos for almost n year, n it just keep slowing down every day, but I didn't encounter any such issue with Lumia 520. performance is seamless and most of the useful apps are available on the market place. However on the own side there few flaws which have more to do with operating system than the hardware.. for example, there is no notification bar or a quick access to frequently used setting i.e. wifi, GPS, blue-tooth etc.. second drawback which i experienced is the way windows 8 mobile is being designed it leave very less scope for customization of home screen or making folder of your apps based on categories, everything is either on the home screen of you have to go through the complete list of app to reach to the one you are looking for.. last the camera performance is not up to the mark for 5MP absence of flash makes the pictures worse in low light conditions. overall if you budget is under 10K and Lumia 520 is better option than andorid phone in this price range.
Im a long term android user, and got the lumia 520 before a couple of days. So I start with comparing the lumia with androids in the price range. There is no android phone in this price range which outstands the lumia. Pros: Excellent display, and camera. Cons: No camera flash, and a not so good camera key. It doesnt start the camera with a single press. Im satisfied for the money i've spend.
I have been using this phone from last 6 months and finds it to be bulky & non responsive many times. Its performance is very average and hangs a lot. Processor is slow and non friendly for game lovers. Download is slower, but Microsoft office works good. So My verdict is do not go for this mobile if you have other preferences
Product is good no doubt. I find little bit difficulty to get bundled data offer from Airtel. Camera Quality is good in day light, however there is no flash
Best phone. everything just perfect. only drawback is no flash. but camera is very nice. it never lags. Dont think, just buy.
If want to go for windows os. dont think more just buy lumia520. Everything inside it. Flipkart delivery as always at its best..
Its about two months & not pleased with phone due to very frequent hang issue. When its hang only way to recover restart the phone. just using it for calls & sms. not worth the money
It is a good product considering its price. I bought this product from flipkart a month back. Am very much satisfied with its performance. Major drawbacks 1. weak battery life 2. headphone that comes with the package is bad. If you have only 8000 or less go for it or else drop it.
when i bought the phone i thought i made a good choice .but as the time passes i felt the difference between an android and windows phone....most of the apps and games in the store has only trial version you have to buy full version of the apps....this is a big problem number 1.....no 2 is ph does not have the function of sd card file ,folder viewer...thats mean you cant browse your file folders of sdcard ,this phone does not have funtion of uploading anything on websites ,and also downloading any pc file is not posible in this phone,,,, battery back up is poor compare to other phone ,,,,,good tings are .very good camera and video quality touch is fine and good looks,,,,,,,if you planning to buy lumia 520 dont buy it
Awesome phone, everything is excellent, but battery backup is very poor & some technical features is missing. One thing I must admit in Rs.8000/- range this is the best phone in market.
This is my first smartphone. Windows is a lot better than Android. It never Hangs, is faster, live tiles keeps you connected on start page and many more. the camera is excellent compared to other 5MP-without flash camera phones. After all, you get the trust of Nokia and Windows. Nokia Lumia 520 gives you a great deal ie Windows phone in 8000 bucks. Go for it guys, it is the bestseller of Flipkart.com
this is the right choice for those who love windows phone .................... processor never get slow down like other operating system and windows is providing all type of free apps form windows market
The device is much more than the kind of devices you get for the cheap rates with the such a nice branding and trust . I have had a nice experience with windows phone 8 and have have a high end device too . With the number of apps increasing in the windows store , and updates coming ... I recommend buying 525 which is new :)
After almost 4 months of using Nokia Lumia 520, I am prepared to give a small review of this phone. Lumia 520 is a good looking phone made by Nokia, like all others in Lumia series. This one is compact and is comfortable in pocket, the build quality is also appreciated. Compared to android phones, these give a better battery back up and an equivalent bright display, but the whole thing heats up like an induction cooker after minimal use. The UI is fantastic, and is like a salvation for long time Symbian and Android users. but only till you get bored of the 20 accents and 2 backgrounds, WP needs to add more accents. The phone is lightning fast, and WP store gives access to good apps and games. The here maps and drive, confuses and gives wrong info, camera apps are brilliant and the cam quality is also good, voice and audio quality is good as well, but could have given a better headset. Surfing with WiFi is more easier, but no WiFi sharing. Capable of playing good games, got pissed after seeing Lumia 525. The OS and firmware needs to get bug fixed, and many anomalies have to be corrected. Waiting to get GDR_3 and Lumia Black update. Thank you Nokia for this phone, this is a brilliant device.
I got nice phone in cheapest price in flipkart. Lumina 520 is a good phone as Windows Phone with good features. GO FOR IT
This phone has everything one could get in this budget, but for user shifting from ANDROID, it is very tough to use it. No permanent storage, application based concept and all the data is stored on the SKYDRIVE.
nice product but few things missing such as flash light for camera and compass related hardware. Its almost a windows 8 pc basic edition and mobile. Gmail, Whatsapp, lync, facebook, paytm, moneycontrol, ms office. All my needs are available. I dont have to turn on my pc for days.
the phone is very fast. camera is awesome. and the delivery by flipkart was really. all in all its the best deal.
I love FLipkart and Buy only from flipkart. But... Why flipkart selling at more than Amazon. Amazon selling Lumia 520 (black) at Rs.7889/- while on flipkart it was for 8999/- when I was placing my order. I wanted to buy NOKIA LUMIA 520(BLACK) but due to high price I have booked NOKIA LUMIA 520(white) at 7899/- Order ID: OD40125034850. If FLIPKART person read the review please help me and send a Lumia 520 (Black ).
I bought 2months back so far it was working fine with excellent performance.Good delivery from flipkart !!
Sleek, Simple & Cost Effective Smartphone. Loving it! Being my first upgrade from feature phone I am still getting used to the necessity of charging the phone every day. My usage apart from calls / sms is limited to email, twitter & a little browsing & I am very satisfied with my Nokia Lumia 520 & Windows Phone 8 user experience. Almost all useful apps are available for WP 8, but obviously fall short of apps for Apple & Android phones.
nice to use simply the best ,i think window phone by nokia is always good to say rather than any others branded android, so if u wanna to buy any smart phone please choose nokia 520........thanks
Very nice product at this price range, using it for the past 20 days, Flipcart delivery is great. i recd it well before the schedule. Thanks
The phone was great. It was launched at rs 10000. but i got the phone, a 32 gb memory card, and a cover for less than rs 10000 which is very reasonable. but the cover that i got was not of a lumia 520 but of a micromax phone. i thought that it might fit but it didn't fit and the cover is just lying like that now. the phone is just awesome. i had thought that windows is not good but actually found it fun to use. there are quite a lot of games in the windows store. high end graphic games like asphalt 8, six guns,etc. work nicely on the phone. but the phone is a bit difficult to configure. very difficult to find the contacts. have to create a hotmail and microsoft account to add the contacts anddownload apps respectively. i couldn't use the panorama though. i dont know how to use it. have tried in different ways but still cant use it.though overall a very good experience. flipkart was very good. will surely order from flipkart again
Its a most decent phone at its price in market. I had no problems with it at all. I was presuming it to be bad, but its better than my expectation.
it has got everything a man needs.. good processor, good camera, good brand, good display, good battery, new updates, many apps, many colours, great interface, and last but not least great price.. good for the windows lovers but android still wins.. i m truely obsessed with android and in my openion nothig can beat android.. but the price in this case and obviously good brand got my attention.. i actually wanted nokia lumia 520 running kitkat ..
i am impressed with the service, they provided in a good format and customer support also very good, no need to worry abt. the product you buyed from flipkart , they'll provide a perfect replacement on site guarrenty
Pros:- 1.Touch is Awesome. 2.Nokia music store,A place you will find all songs(All means All) free and can download on Single Click. 3.Screen Resolution is Mind Blowing. 4.Look is something close to 20 k Phone. 5..Windows OS is Pretty Good.But I hope it is Evolving.(Explored The Change in Mobile OS) 6.Battery is also good 12 hrs on 3g network. Cons:- 1.You can't check Call duration. 2.Apps Are limited.(But Most useful are available). AND Rest are yet to find.
Been using this phone for last four months, so pretty much of experience to write review. This phone is good, above avg you can get in this price range. But its the OS you have to be sure about. Windows, all look fine initially, but the joy is short lived. I would recommend a android phone over windows.
phone is just un-believable in performance. here are my findings so far, 1. camera is mind blowing 5mp digital camera with hd capturing, video recording is 720 HD. Low light imaging technology helps to capture during night without flash. 2. second to none for internet speed at this price range, store has uc browser, internet explorer is just terribly faster. 3. perform 10 tasks at a single time. 4. store has HD games (better than android) 5. nokia mix radio is innovative app which helps u to dwnld songs, and play dem. better music player than inbuilt one. 6. Audio quality is HD crystal clear. 7. Battery power is good, can last for 10 hours with hard core users. 8.package contains quality headphones from nokia(not the one with ear buds), and a data cable of superior quality. Overall "the best phone you can chase in contemporary market. At laste i give 4* for absence of flash for camera.
All the things like text,call, phone are smooth and I tried some games too, all seemed to be working smooth and the UI is also nice
Awesome Product. Sure Value for Money. If u r going for an medium range windows phone this is a complete package and camera lovers will adore the product Would Recommend it to everyone
Just 1 word I can say about this phone. Awesome..........Best one within 12000 price bracket... :) I purchased from flipkart just for 7200 INR. Great experience and completely satisfied. No performance lag and super fast buttery smooth touch sensitivity. Cheer... :)
Great product with cost worthy but still waiting for insurance but I could not get, Mail sent to many time but did not get proper respond. I would say, not committed seller, worst response.
Pros: speaker and camera quality is good. Good build quality Performance wise good Windows 8.0 feature of pick list on desk is helpful for faster access. Kids area helps to protect other application Cons: Customization of reminder tone not available Few apps available in the market We cannot set Setting features into pick Computer like folder option not available
Good phone with this price. With the price , i would recommend this product . :). Till now no issue. Battery backup is not that good as mentioned by nokia. In nokia music, they have good collection and free download which comes with the pack.
good product..at this price..will be better once the update is done. the rotation lock etc prob. will b solved... Superb touch response..much much much better then the Samsung's at tis range. I love the UI too..
Its a good phone. Strengths are display and smoothness of navigation. HD display is really cool. Camera is fantastic. Really love the pictures taken from this cell. Weaknesses are 1. Phone hangs multiple number of times. A better RAM would have solved this. Hence limiting for those who will use this Phone for multiple Operations together. Overall a blockbuster phone for the Medium Users.
it is the best phone in in this price range. when u come to the range of apps compared to android, well thats debatable, believe me windows is fast catching up. The touch, display and varieties of options u have in camera are really impressive.
this is my first windows phone.. all my basic functions are fulfilled.. im not a fan of gaming.. so cant tell anything about it... camera is okk.. battery is also just kk.. normal use 1 day... dont expect too much in such a basic windows phone...
I bought this phone six month ago now I am unable to charge my phone I kept it in the service centre for a month, but they were unable to repair it what more I can say.please don't buy lumia phone . Within a year you will get problem .trust me
I am a first time user of a smart phone and I am very happy that I made a decision to go for Windows OS over Android and it was really my good luck that this phone was available. Awesome budget phone by Nokia and Windows. 1 star less for RAM of 512 but still it doesnt lag too often. If anyone planning to buy then go for Lumia 525 as it has 1 GB RAM and latest OS (Black)
It was a gift for my wife and she is loving it. Great value for money and a very well thought out user interface. You can download all the necessary apps and believe me available apps are more than enough, you don't need 1.5 million apps offered by android to survive and all the apps are Windows certified and don't eat up all your RAM. Plus the battery life is quite good. The internal core specifications of Lumia 520, 620 and 720 are same. If anyone wants to spend 5-8k for things like a flash light and harden glass (not unbreakable) it's their choice, but performance wise they are all the same. But one thing that no other phone can provide except NOKIA is the Nokia Music - which gives you free access to great data bank of music, from the latest release to classic archives, and mind you these are all original tracks and not the illegal free stuff available on the net. Great for music lovers
it is best phone in this price, every month there is a update for windows 8 which is making is easier to use. best buy with great features.
Hi all, I have bought this mobile in sep 2013 @8800. Really design looks awesome. Battery back up is above avg. Around 1 to 2 days based on your internet usage. But windows has launch upgraded versions apps. Because we see many updated apps in android. But using windows is really different experience. Because most of us are bored of using android. After I bought this mobile, price went down to Rs.7700 and 10% cash back offer. It made me feel bad. Any how, I recommend you all if you looking for good smart phone.
Amazing product, the camera is fantastic and the battery has improved a bit This is how I got mine. I hope this helps someone!
This is quiet a good one. Best for normal usage. Quiet handy. I am using this for almost a month now, i am happy with the performance.
Very good to use and , Safe delivery sealed product , Guarantee for first Self OS boot . . Pretty More than Showroom experience .
recommended. affordable smart phone. Took a while to get used to windows phone ( switched from android ). good design and looks, many color choice available,fast enough for browsing and gaming such as temple run, no hanging in between. Only problem I am facing is, phone get overheated during data is enabled. Recommended.
affordable smart phone. Took a while to get used to windows phone ( switched from android ). good design and looks, many color choice available,fast enough for browsing and gaming such as temple run, no hanging in between. Only problem I am facing is, phone get overheated during data is enabled. Recommended.
Flipkart Service : very fast, i had received the phone within 24 hrs. Price : Very competative, As long as phone is concerned, it is the very nice packaged windows phone, i will give highest marks to optimum screen size and the way it resoluate.... fairly impressing !!!! phone speed is good, no hang ups till date.... i would really miss the front camera, but whatever we have at back, is awesome.... But lacks a bit in no of apps in app store, but you will get basic once.... watsapp is not that good in windows phones....
I wanted to buy a basic smart phone (especially for VOIP) for my dad as I was travelling abroad. After doing a lot of research, landed in a dilema between Samsung Galaxy Duos 2 and Lumia 520. For the hardware quality of the phone, performance I wanted to pick Lumia, but I was worried about the front camera missing which will not let them do video call. Finally I compromised that and went with Lumia since a laptop was available for video chat. To my surprise, I was able to make Video calls as well (using Rear Camera). The overall hardware is very good. Responsiveness and Performance is very good for my dad's usage. This is a very good phone for this price range.
So far the best phone i'v ever used in such a price range...Am fully satisfied with the phone and with flipkart for their delivery.
It goes beyond ur expectation and you end up having awesome product with evrything you would want in a lumia phone.
It is the best phone in 8K budget. Amazing camera and HD video recording..touch is very sensitive..so good for cold areas where you may need to operate with gloves
Nokia lumia 520 Good But need some good update ex : profile we can't change like normal phone & music volume also. memory card file we can't do anything. etc............... But overlall is good. :)
It was ordered through Flipcart's WS Retail.. & after using it for a month I am truly & fully satisfied with this... :) Touch, Apps, OS, Net Suring, Call clarity everything is good enough. Contacts Managements: Everything at one place, by this features you can add your gmail, yahoomail, microsoft id, nokia id, facebook, twitter, linkedin... & get all updates in single view.. Truecaller, true dialler are also available at store!! Texting: in txt message you can also be able to chat wid all your fb friens etc.. So, dats also cool enough..right!! Whats App, Line, We chat, Vine, Hike, viber all are now available at store.. GPS: I am truely satisfied...Through Location services It can be able to show you the exact location of your place. & Through here maps u would be able to get guidance of your destination from the starting point... Photography: There are so many apps right now in the store, like smart shoot, camera360, 500px, Photo editor by aviary, all are just awesome... it can feel you that you are working same as on a desktop/laptop with adobe ps!! Net Surfing: You can add Google Search app, if not there isn't any problem with IE10...so fast connection even I have used it through 2G too.. liked it most.. There are in built apps like office, skydrive, Lync 10.. You can add Adobe, wikipedia, monsterjobs, etc etc..for your convenience.. & Lastly, about the battery: if you are using so much time games, gps battery lasts for max 5hrs..if u are not fond of that so much then its last for max 30hrs by using voice calls, chat-txting, net surf-e-mailing, & listening to music. Again hats off to flipcart's WS Retails!! They delivered this product on the 4th day :) & only for this Battery Issue I am giving it to 4, rather I would like to give this product the full 5. & I am waiting for the update GDR3 for my phone!!! Because, by this update everyone can be able to remove unwanted spaces from phone memory :) thats so nice!! Note: Though there are plenty of apps right now, Still I strongly hate the Android Phones. :P
Worth Buying. Really good product and Windows 8 is awesome. Nokia Build quality and Windows 8 functionalities are really working. I would recommend this product to my friends. It is value for money.
Not the old fashioned Nokia. As with alll windows phones, choices are limited with regard to Apps, but overall I liked the phone and am having a great time using it.
as the title says, it is really far more better option then any other stupid android phone at this range, i would suggest to go for lumia 525 instead,because of ram, it SERIOUSLY MAKES DIFFERENCE
Brand new, Fast shipping, Excellent packaging. Will buy again and again. Thank you MS Retail !!!
cool touch speaker is nice nice design i am satisfied bright display even you can see the text in sunlight i found 1 issue with some apps auto close
Excellent budget phone in the price range and has a memory card too... What else you want? if you are looking for an alternative experience from Android, get this super fast phone. You wont' get the appstore capable of delivering what Android does, nevertheless, day 2 day usable apps are available. Get it if your budget is tight
Its an awesome product from nokia. Apart from the delivery time which took almost 7 days, everything is great with this product.
The look is awesome. The functioning are great. You won't regret after buying this phone. But folder view is not provided and youtube video downloaded can't be found on pc or transferred to other device via bluetooth. Flash is also not in the phone which makes camera little less efficient. Other than these this phone is too great at this price. I bought it at 8000 and I think I wont need to buy another phone for next 5-6 years.
good work by Flipkart. Fast & safe delivery. I just bought this windows phone @ Rs. 8099/-. great windows mobile at low cost.
Firstly about the flipkart services. As always they were well on time. Didn't take too much time..just 2 days and the product is at your doorway. Secondly about the product Nokia lumia 520. well I used to do lot of purchases on flipkart but buying a smartphone on it was my first time. Somewhere it was scary for me , if in any case the product comes out as a garbage. BUT flipkart has gained my confidence again. Product is working as smooth as it should be. no where a feeling that i bought this online and not from a traditional store. and above all flipkart is beating stores out there in RATES TOO. So guys the last decision will be yours but i give THUMBS UP TO FLIPKART.
I gifted this to my dad on his birthday and I must say this phone is worth each and every penny. Will recommend it to anyone who doesnt wants to compromise on performance for price.
as everyone already know that the phone is good and the flipkart service was also at its best. Flipkart service is awesome, easy to return and helpful.
UI is pretty terrible, Android OS is way better 3 stars for Nokia only. Buy it only if you want to try something different, otherwise don't buy this.
This is quite good phone compared to lower end androids. However I got to know that this handset has a design problem with its power button which dies very soon in normal use. Power button of my phone died after a month of purchase and I had to have it fixed from Nokia care. I am not sure how long this fix will last. At the same time another customer brought his 520 for the same problem so I assume this problem is common with this model. You can Google about this problem on internet and probably this is the reason Nokia is selling this model at lower price...
I bought this phone from another store actually, in June 2013. Ever since then, I loved the operating system and the interface. However one thing that has been consistent and remains unsolved is the fact that the phone restarts and switches off for no reason. I put the phone into my pocket, and the phone switches off. I'm listening to music and not touching the phone, and it switches off. It's a bit of a pain at first, went to the nokia store, they recommended a hard reset, but even that hasn't been a firm solution. I'd say spend a bit more and get a higher end version, hopefully that might ensure that this problem is solved. It's always a risk to buy a phone with a new operating system. It's only disappointing when the system isn't working and there's no solution (or reply from Nokia's online customer care)
The reviews out here, were very helpful when I started looking for a small range efficient handset and choosing Nokia Lumia 520 was definitely one of my most productive investments. The handset is really gracious, looks amazing with the cyan back cover. The screen is indeed very sensitive and works like a charm no matter how lightly I touch. The phone has a very good display in terms of cost effectiveness and with around every important app that I have installed, the phone works perfectly fine. The speakers are very good, and the voice is clear on call. The battery backup is normal, an entire day surfing and chatting will drain it under 11 hours, but that is predictable. The phone is loaded with apps for photo editing, The camera is okay, however it is not up to my expectations (just a minor setback). I have been searching for cyan model a long time, and flipkart really brought to me a great handset with great ease. A highly recommended phone if you are looking for an efficient gracious phone for surfing and browsing.
One of the finest mobile from lumia. only problem is you don't get a front camera & a flash light with this mobile. Nice buying experience from flipkart. Will love to buy from flipkart again.
1: Music player sucks: no way to make playlist and add songs of different artists. one has to break head doing this. Music player interface is really bad as compared to Android phones. 2: Contacts: interface sucks (when you receive a call, you can see the pix of the contact, but when you call back, you won't see the pix of the contact ! !) 3: Internet: If you want to download a song, you would wonder where the hell "save link as" did vanish. No way to download. 4: Calender interface very bad. 5: Clock and Alarm: Interface poorly built that doesn't appeal at all. 6: You would miss the maps on Android phone. 7: Camera wouldn't work in low-light.
The instrument itself is good. But within a period of 1 month after purchase, the touch screen glass got broken / cracked after a fall from 3 to 4 feet. The instrument was otherwise working with normal display and incoming calls, SMS, etc were also coming. But I cannot answer call as up movement can not be sensed. The touch screen was not accepting any commands given by touch. To add to the wound, customer care person has given an estimate of Rs. 3999. I am 100% sure only touch screen glass was damaged. All other parts are working. So Rs. 4000 only for glass appeared too high (more than 50% of total cost of instrument). If the customer care center had a glass, they could have replaced glass and checked other functions. I am afraid whether they will say more parts have damaged and repair charges will be more than estimated. I want a reply from customer care head that only the glass costs Rs. 4000 and why the customer care center is not provided with such common spare as touch screen.
this phone lags many featuers, like pausing while rec. a video., cant c th picture deatils.. etc etc,, not userfriendly... , lags front cam, flash ....... , user pls buy som other android phn...
I had recently purchased Nokia Lumia 520 through flipkart. Phone is wonderful and I am fully satisfied with the performance of the phone. Touch is very good. screen resolution is also good. Flipkart services are also wonderful.
Basically, being first order through flipkart I was panic and felt good when it was delivered well before time. Proper communication through mail and sms , made me to track my shipment easily. The product delivered was good and nice packing. Since it is just a fortnight, Nokia 520 got jammed sometimes and as of date , it is working fine. Instead of having a service centre only at Ambattur (Chennai), I prefer to have service centre at near to my residence. It would be easy.
best phone at this budget and super fast delivery by flipkart.if u are looking for stable phone at this price than certainly go for it
dont know about other cities, but its atleast a 1000 bucks cheaper than u would find in stores here in hyd. for that price... its a good one. earphones are not the best thought. u'll have to buy a good pair if u want good music.
its an awesome phone, All the apps works in this phone because it is windows phone you can install all the apps which we use in desktop computers......... recommending go for this phone without any hesitation... and great packing
The phone I bought is as good as any Android smartphone. The plus point is that I can connect it to my laptop and transfer and share all Windows and PDF files between the two devices. It is not the same with an Android smartphone. Pretty useful for everyday business. Added to it, we get free OTA (Over The Air) updates from Microsoft.
Nokia Lumia 520 - No doubt. It was an excellent product. The only limitation is, being Windows OS, not much applications available for Nokia phones. As usual, Flipkart rocks in its delivery and stands first in the race. Thanks to Flipkart staff.
Super awesome phone this is & there is no doubt about it. Nokia has bounced back into the market & how with its unbeatable range of Lumia editions! This is one classy, user-friendly & a super cool looking phone. Nokia & Flipkart, you both rock as always!
I bought this phone just to try a windows 8 phone ... I had a android for a few years and wanted to try Nokia with windows 8... for the price i have paid this is a great phone .. i feel when it comes to hardware Nokia is still the best
Good one but it hangs frequently especially whenever you receive calls, its touch screen do not responds. very irritating. other than that it is great product at the price
Bought this phone almost 6 months back. Mostly use it for basic needs + internet to access official inbox. Have no complains with respect to looks, internet speed, no of apps the phone's supporting etc. But one major concern I found is with the battery life. It drains out every half day almost. So bit difficult to manage with this phone while on travel.
First of all big thanks to Flipcart online delivery, it was the on-time delivery, very fast instead. And yes regarding phone, it;s very good, I am using it and I am happy with the handset.
I am loving the phone, I do not have any issue. Touch is so smooth. This phone is the best for those who will use their phone moderately, not use much apps, like smooth touch, like Nokia, like class. No major cons. Liking it.!
i have used it before and it is fast, no lagging, sound is good, camera perfect, screen is also good, only problem is that when playing heavy games the part of the phone above the camera becomes very hot and other than that some time the screen touch goes and and u have to reboot the phone to make it ok again. overall its a perfect mobile in our budget.
I got it for diwali offer at 7k and it is one of the best mobile under 7k. build quality is very good. only problem i had faced till date is it gets stuck and had to re-seat the battery to make it work. apart from that performance and quality of the product is excellent. flipkart's delivery is also very good. received it in 2 days. if you are ok to live with 5MP cam on mobile and windows 8 (bit learning curve for basic phone users) then this nokia/microsoft phone will not disappoint you. i am extremely happy with the product.
Have been using Android till date. Switched to this one. Really good for the price. But looks perfect for girls! Great gifting idea..
Not many apps are available on app store. Can only be used for calls and messages. UI is great no good browsers are available not able to save pages in browser.
Worth Buying. Received product within 48hrs of buying it. I paid 7200INR which makes a great deal. Regarding the product Nokia lumia 520, it has all basic features, is very fast which met my expectations.
wooow...my first expression.. i ordered it on 6 Jan and got on 9 Jan as said by Flipkart...perfectly in time... packing is great and cell is also great in condition.. 1.OS what a great OS Microsoft maid...just awesome.. 2.user interface is excellent... 3.all keys and sensors working very smoothly... 4.if u want smartphone then go for it...its great phone u'll never regret .. 5. this is not paid review so pls dont even think... 6. apps much better apps than android all essential and useful apps are here + rising day by day.. call voice quality is perfect..its handy also.. very smooth touch very sensitive screen... just compare it with samsumg galaxy trend and sony xperia l....and u'll fell d difference.... so just go for it...
got the phone yesterday...i dont have to say anymore because people have already mentioned how the phone is..the bad thing i noticed is that ,there is no back lite for the capacitive keys (home,back,search) it feels uncomfortable at night and the other thing is cant make disable the vibration of capacitive keys (home,back,search)..
im using this phone from 2 days and im loving it . pro 1 awesome display 2 light weight and slim 3 fast and fluid cons 1 headphones sucks 2 camera sucks 3 buttton should have led light it but it does not have it how sad .. but at this price its a really nice phone .. you should not expect more then that ..
I Bought this phone 20 days back. Good Service by flipkart - they delivered it a 2 days before the actual date of delivery. Very stylish phone & Windows 8 is cool. I am not writing the pros & cons as so much is discussed about this phone already. One Suggestion based on my experience - Restart the phone for any problem in the phone - Mostly it gets resolved.
You will not get a good windows phone at this price. Only drawback is a flash if you are a photo gimick. otherwise quality of camera is good without flash
Well you know its actually a good phone but there is no flash in the camera but anyways There are other apps like Nokia mix radio from where you can download dozens of songs for free. The brightness is also very good.
Hello everyone. Nokia lumia 520 is an awesome phone for users who don't use much apps. Touch is super sensitive. It will be difficult for users who had used samsung first. Settings is entirely different. It will take time for users to get used to the phone. CONS: There will be a vibration each time you hit window key or back key or search key. There is no option to disable it. This will be irritating for the users who hates vibration.
well i got this from flipkart and the experience was amazing.. and there is no second thought about buying this product cause its the best smartphone in that price range
Bought the phone at the end of december,think i shouldnt mention about the flipkart delivery here since im writing a review of the lumia,not of flipkart service,though its safe to assume i would rather buy from flipkart rather than from any other indian operator. I found lumia 520 to be a good phone,the hardware is really good,much better than samsung or even xperia j which i used earlier,windows os can do almost everything nice,though it seems windows has closed the abillity for personalization deliberately,,in my case first half hour of operating the phone was a bit fraught,bt soon everything returned to normal,windows store has apps for almost everything,though the choices are very much limited,the sharing of videos and music is a bit hard,bt it can still be done. The feature in my opinion which completely lets down this phone and makes it unworthy for daily usage is the fact that the battery drains out pretty quickly,quickly means if i use wifi along with gps and maps,battery wont last for max five hours,so im now using lumia 520 in battery saver mode,even then if i play music or videos,use wifi,it still drains out in 10 to 12 hrs,its given smart phones doesnt have much battery in them to power them,bt still lumia has set a new low,to solve the problem of me running out of phone in long trips and all,i have bought a low cost phone which now serves as my main phone,and since i use my tab to do everything else like browsing or playing video,i believe lumia has become a sort of museum relic to me,if windows can take care of this battery trouble,without doubt it can be said that lumia 520 can become the game changer as its taunted.
It's a nice budget phone from Nokia. Apps run smooth compared to Android budget phones. Nokia Lumia 525 would be a great buy if you are planning to buy Windows Phone phones.
Hi, I've bought this product from flipkart on 8th of Jan, and It was delivered to me by 11th of Jan. I was very nervous at first since It was my first electronic gadget which I ordered online. But I must say I got a good product with less price and on time. Like someone mentioned earlier camera key in my phone has the same problem. That's the only problem I've faced till now.
Robust, Light Weight, Good Features, Good Camera...Recommended from my side.. and last but not the least...Flipkart delivery is awesome....
If you are looking for a smart phone that takes care of your online activities and moderate gaming requirements then this is the one to buy......Flip kart as usual delivered on time on complains till now...
Nice Phone and great Service from Flipkart. This is my first online Phone Purchase and I am sure it has been a real good feel and a promising option for everone
Overall a nice phone with very good display, highly sensitive touch, good looks. The only thing lacking is dearth of applications as compared to Android based phones like the battery percentage display updating and ease of un-installing applications. Price factor too is a big plus.
yes i used this mobile it is not supporting avi videofiles no fm waste mobile for effort in manufacturing rating 1 and no sd card viewer waste nokia
The best smart phone at its price range. Pros: HERE Maps : If you are a travel freak it HERE Drive offline maps will be your best companion HERE Transit HERE Drive Nokia Radio MIX : we can download unlimited music for free. MS Office integration Excellent FB integration
awesome product with awesome price when you compare with android crap by any brand you name there available in indian market. No regrets at all go for it guys...
Phone display quality is good. but their is no OPTION or Step Back and Step Forward button or option in this phone while typing a sentence or even a word, it is difficult to edit the typed contains, so some we need delete the the typed matter to rectify the typing sentences. We can not sync till at this movement with PC Suite???? Thanks for the best price and the way of ordered materials deliver arrangement.
I have been an avid fan of Android and use two android phones-the galaxy s and galaxy y. But Windows phones are way better in terms of look, feel and interface design. It is very easy to use and I love it. The only downside is that Windows phones have a lot of security restrictions like: 1. You cannot view the file system of Windows phones so there are no file managers. All photos ,videos are maintained by individual apps. So forget using your phone as a pen drive to transfer data in all formats 2. The bluetooth feature is very restricted and cannot be used to transfer all sorts of files 3. You have to install apps via the Windows store and there is no offline install. So you cannot install paid apps for free like you do in android via the apk file
It's been a month since I started using this phone. It seems light in the hand but somehow misses to fit as snugly in my palm as my previous Xperia Neo V. Could be a thing of habit too. It isn't too hot to touch even after heavy duty usage. Unfortunately, every time it falls, thrice this past month, the back case comes off. On the other hand trying to take off the back case yourself could be a little cumbersome. This leaves me confused on whether the back cover fits well with the body or not. Another major issue is that often with WhatsApp and Facebook, the apps auto close while I'm browsing. On a new phone with only reputed third party apps, this is alarming!
It's a good product & I am 99% satisfied but there is only problem... we can not configure manual IP while connecting wireless. It only works where DHCP is enabled. I think Nokia should think about it.
ya... its a average device, camera clarity is good, never hang, brilient touch sensitivity(like a iPhone), but some problems in this 520-shared videos goes to saved images, download video not save in phone or mmc (in UC browser), no audio equiliser, mkv file not support, all over its value for money in 8k
I dnt knw d pblm is wid my set or its common bt my handset seems to get unreactive , its touch gets lost completely and i had to my phn battery out and dn put on again
Lumia 520 is a good budget phone...i m happy after purchasing this product... there are few problems where the company has to fix it... 1. pics can be shared in whts app 2. Ringtone when kept in vibrate and ring mode..it gives only vibration at start and at the end.. 3.Bluetooth sharing is only possible when you compulsory switch on...but it old nokia phones its automatic Bluetooth on... Overall its a good phone
I am using this mobile for one week, and I am to totally satisfy with feature and performance of this phone. The first thing you will like is its beautiful design. Touch screen is awesome. Music download from Nokia store is super fast. I think Lumia phone will reshape Nokia future.
this phone is working fine and smooth...i am just a bit scared of the guys who are saying if it falls down then new screen costs 4000 rs....otherwise the phone is working awesome....go for it
Well, I am not a gamer, I just want to have a nice phone for surfing net and reading e books, and i found it up to my expectation
I've bought this phone from flipkart. Nice packing and everything is good.but coming to the OS I think it is not better compared to Android it doesn't have the push messages and one step notification panel.This phone is not suitable for playing some games like subway surfers and some other games due to 512 MB RAM. The windows store is nice but the free apps in the google playstore are the paid apps in Windows.Some games sucks the phone's data and the My Family Setup is the huge problem for the beginners.In 520 temple run is played upto some extent only.After that the controls will not work.This is a huge dissapointment to me.Some apps always needs the internet if internet offer is not there then there will be complete loss in the phone's money.There is no comfortable browser in the widows store like Opera mini,Dolphin browser etc. There is only windws explorer browser and it is bit slow.There is acessto the Instagram on this phone.And the live tool facility cuts out the privacy there will be live updates and it takes a lot of data. Even using with the wifi it takes the mobile data.for every month you need to update all the applications and is very big headache. Nokia appliations are more in this phonethese only uses the data in the phone. While compared to the windows I think Android is best for me in applications browsers etc. it has a single button both for the music and the Ringer due to this when we decrease the volume for the music there will the volume decrease for the ringers due to this we cannot get the phone call. About camera it have auto focus doesn't have a flashlight and the clarity is good compared to samsung . Once we get habituated ti the OS Android it takes time to get habituated to this OS.If flash was given to this phone,it may be no.1 in the market.If your budget is 10k just buy this
Phone arrived promptly , worked for two days , it hanged , Board Damaged !!! ( servide center ,Comment : kept for charging for more than 8 hours !! )) Went to nokia service and refused to service it, Quoted 4000 for a repair.. Went for an exchange , got an offer for 2000 Rs for a brand new phone. Never again a NOKIA , The quality has deteriorated badly , the poorest service , and un-ethical service center.
u can't save malti folder in side doc. folder, there is no file manager u have to open file go through app. . if one time one pdf file has open after than u open next time through pdf aap. u can't share video file through bluetooth. if u have some video and mp3 file download from other brouser u can't play it. u have to download from nokia app. volume controling switch not working at time of one songs playing, u have to change next song after that volum low or high, in ringing+vibration mode only one time vibrate at the starting of ring for 2 sec. after that vibration stoped.
Windows Phone 8 OS, Microsoft’s latest mobile operating system, is slated for the Black update. Nokia begins seeding Lumia Black update for Windows Phone smartphones from Jan 2014. The update promises to bring in some new features that were seen on the recently announced Lumia 1520. The company has put in a lot effort in the camera department and has updated the Nokia Camera app which now has three camera modes including Smart Camera, Nokia Pro Camera and video. The update will also include new apps like Nokia Storyteller which collects all your pictures according to the location and time and collates them into into a series, called 'Storyline'. The homescreen will now get a new tile called App Folder, which will allow you to organize your apps and settings under this single tile on the homescreen. Nokia has also updated its Glance screen feature which now supports displaying up to 5 notification icons on the screen and now has new night time colours including red, green and blue. Lumia 520 will use some of these updates.
This Mobile is not up to mark. I have purchased this mobile by seeing its hardware but the experience is pretty bad. Its camera is 5MP but quality is very bad. The faulty is in its OS. The apps in this OS are very backdated. So go for any ANDROID. Please do not buy this mobile. Now after 5 months of use its hangs regularly. So go for other mobile..... Thank you... Friends...
i would like to recommended this phone who fed up cz of android phone . easy to use and menu tiles and colour make it more attractive. only one minus point is it doesnt contain LED flashlight.
Pros : Touch screen Windows app Smart Camera Display Cons: Camera pixel rating Built quality The product is worth the money. One of the best quality phones in the market.
The phone is very good in terms of voice clarity, photoes and music. Only issue for me is the battery which is not enough for one day (according to my usage) and the phone becomes hot when using some games and internet.
It is a budget phone for people who'd facebook, check their emails, whatsapp etc. It has comparatively larger screen than its contemporaries. Touch response is very good, videos, games can be played without any lag. I strongly recommend this phone for people with budget around 8k.
Camera is awesome , Windows is Qtiyapa , Touch is good ... ....... ........ Wi-fi reception is excellent....................................Keep Buying ........ Bitch
When the thought to buy an inexpensive phone that could do my everyday chores without a hitch struck my mind, i looked at no other than lumia 520. there are a lot of reviews which would describe the phone in detail. but i'l just give you the long short story.. WP8 is what the problem is. Make no mistake its a class OS but it lacks a lot. I see no major reason i should pick it up over Android or IOS. WP8 is snappy but falls short on functionality. I mean it differentiates apps for 512mb and 1 GB phones which is ridiculous. Otherwise the phone is excellent and delivers what is promises that is lag free..simple day to day phone usage. If you are really considering this..do take a look at lumia 525. Its better.
good suits to middle class families &attracts teenagers so my best choice is buying this product on flipkart with offer
Just striking the points Pros : Awesome Touch and display, Camera quality is excellent, Battery backup is satisfactory Cons: Can't make video call as there is no front cam No Flash in Camera Overall it is a excellent device and m lucky enough to grab it only @ 7k
honestly saying, i think windows could be good but its not. it sucks. Product was not worth for its money. Friends, i suggest you to buy android mobile,
its worst phone................ screen is of v.bad quality... breaks down easily.....and costs around 3500 Rs.......... something has happened to Nokia's QUALITY !!!! and does not have sub way surfer and temple run - 2 like famous games ....... plzz don't buy it ....It's not worth spending money on this........
Good Windows Phone to begin with! Nokia Music Store Just Rocks. Takes a li'l time to familiarize with Windows OS. But once you setup your microsoft/nokia account, it's just a cakewalk! The 5Mp Camera is so cool to capture great pics. WhatsApp has issues n asks to reboot at times. Otherwise it's a great phone!! Well.. I love it.. Above all just love Flipkart,the most trusted Online Megastore
Pros + IPS + Battery + Good Specs Cons - No Compass - Can't change Text Size all the way (WP8 Restriction) Thoughts - WP8 UI is not good.
amazing experience..will surely recommend too buy..no problem in usage..battery stands upto 1.5 days on normal usage..offline g.p.s works very well..better than samsung..poora paisa wasool..
Best support from Flipkart. They exchange the phone, but issue is remain same. 1. Volume key will not work sometime. 2.unable to run same application 3.unable to receive or disconnect the call. 4.unable to open same photo from gallery. As a windows phone the solution is as usual restart your phone. But some time unable to restart too. I have to remove battery . Consider these things before expend your 8000. I check with my friends they are using the same phone they have also same issue. Really disappointed by Nokia. Gifted to my girlfriend and she is complaining daily with some new issue.. ;) Whatever rating I am giving to this phone is only for its look design and camera
The product(Nokia Lumia 520) which I bought from flipcart was genuine and brand new and in excellent condition.But the difficulty I faced at the beggining of using the product was terrible.I earlier used android phones which are much easier to use than this phone.I would recommend that the ones who are interested in buying windows phone should take a free demo before buying it.Thanks flipcart for delivering such a nice product!!!
Its a good mobile the design n looks r stunning. regarding apps its ok no one uses lakhs of app present in android market n the phone doesnt hang like samsung mobiles in the price range og 10 to 15k. its a good value for money if ur budget is within 10k.
Guys go for it. Buy it now and you wont regret . 1) Has a large screen. 2) 5 Megapixel Camera. 3) 8 Gb internal memory. 4) Good Speakers. 5) 3 different colors. 6) Windows 8 aswome. 7) Here maps for Travellers. 8) Ambient Light Sensor and Accelerometer Sensor 9) High touch sensitivity. 10) Full MS office suit.
performance >never lags super smooth super fast super cool super hot only pros only one con why apps and games are not free
i used it for 2 months..At this price range this is the best phone. snapdragon dual core processor...5MP camera...8GB internal...etc...If u think it doesnt have front cam,LED flash,CBT display you should pay 5K more for a lumia 720.
It has some issue with camera button. Later I heard that all Lumia 520 mobiles purchased from Flipkart has the same issue.
Good service from flipkart. observed change in price in 24hrs. received on time. product: nice mobile. some problems like music player not able to close .( may need some application). not able to delete contacts by select all feature. etc. battery backup ok.
This is a nice smart phone but I think some must have features are not in this phone: 1. No call recording facility. Means there is probably no hardware support for this so obviously no use installing call recording app from Windows store. 2. There is no screen rotation lock which is another important missing feature. 3. You cannot see for how much time you talked to someone means there is no time record associated with each call. 4. There is no inbuilt file manager. Means you cannot see what is there on your SD card. Whatever is there on SD card will be visible in respective apps like songs will be shown in music app, pdf files in pdf app etc but when you want to see everything collectively this facility is not there. I think these four are very important feature and even many low-end normal phones have these facilities. So because of these I give only three stars to this phone.
well very. business phone not so friendly after all good. great camera with day light not night.... so much update coming in windows phones that the big demerit of windows....battery is so good in 2g not in 3g media player is not so good that's all
Good phone at least price from windows8, go for it. Sensitive touch, touch is very good. I personally feel by using android , windows is good.
Camera,touch battery backup is good, but lack of few apps ringtones downloading is different and folder directory is not proper
carmera quality is good enough for daylight photography 1 day battery backup headphone is good overall its a bst phone at this price
i bought this phone 2 months back. these are my obervations pros: excellent looking, scratch resistant back cover. display quality is very good. features also good. cam quality is excellent even in night, remember it don't have flash. battery backup is also good. net is fast when compared to my sony xperia. cons. no options to forward pdf files. and we cant attach documents except photos in mail. options are little bit difficult to know when compared to android. apps are limited. ear phones are not good at all. even it dont contain call answer button. even we cont set songs directly as ring tone. i am facing little trouble with my built in music player. it repeats songs three times, and i am unable to find the option.
Product is awesome. It restarts daily once atleast. Sometimes get stuck and doesnt allow us to access any apps including settings, only phone book is allowed to access. I need to ask for 30 days replacement now. Hope atleast the new one is GOOD ! ! !
I am using this product from last 6+ month. Performance wise it is really good, but switches are very week, its easily gets broken and Nokia will not cover this in warranty. They will consider as a physical damage and you need to pay around Rs. 300-400 for switches. Touch, processing speed, battery every thing is really good.
The product has delivered qucikly by Flipkart but from last 10 days onwards the phone has stuck up and not able to use any other function. Totally i had bad experiance reg this.
the phone is so good as compared to its price.internet is so fast and its video and picture capacity is amazing..but it hangs sometime so that is the main problem of nokia
If you are looking for a mobile phone for this price, 520 is the best. I have now used this for over a month and it works perfect. The store has many good apps, no issue with that. Camera is fine though there's no flash, but its fine for the price range and you could still click good pictures under normal conditions. Don't let this hold you back from making the purchase. There are a few good apps for photo editing that are pre installed. Internet Explorer 10 works awesome. Just go for it, you are going to love this. Get a GOOD INTERNET connection to make full use of this phone and there's a lot to discover :D
This phone is very creative and wonder in market. the service is flipkart is very good. goods delivery and intime service is better.
First of all I would like to mention the price at which I got Lumia 520 was amazing @ Rs 7500....delivery was smooth....overall great experience....thanks flipkart for such amazing offers...I am using Lumia for 3 weeks now...and it is total beauty...runs smoothly...touch wood bt no lags....features are absolutely amazing....con is that it doesnt hav secondary cam...thanks.
nice phone some small issues like no file manager and difficult to understand and operate if u are a previous android user
Good one available in low cost but this phone have certain limits that it doesnt have a file manager n we cannot play all the videos and music in a music player..we should have its own players and the Bluetooth is confusing, we cannot find the pics n music, which we received through it and have one major problem, that we cant keep the phone switch off, because it keeps restarting its own and other feactures are excellent.
head set is not adjusting for mobile that's it,rest of all things are fine,coming to cam its dull in casual room and night.so it should consist of flash light..battery is better than samsung
Excellent phone in this range of price. Super smooth touch, Camera during day time, 8gb of internal memory, etc. And as usual fast delivery of flipkart makes customer satisfied
Its been more than a month since I'm using this product and it is simply awesome. So far I don't find anything bad about it. The best thing is the resolution. Superb!
So far so good, the Window based Nokia phone however lacks few basic features compared to Android OS. For instance, - this phone doesn't have file explorer to navigate, - installing games or apps (offline) is not supported, one needs to connect to internet to activate/install games/apps. - camera quality is ordinary, camera settings are also not user-friendly Apart from above drawback, rest all is fine, phone look n feel, feather touch response, performance of running apps etc is good. Flipkart shopping experience, prompt service and delivery timelines were above & beyond my expectations, So kudos to Flipkart for that. If Windows phone needs to grow their market share, they really needs to bring in features which are (at par or beyond) what Android/iOS provides.
If you are looking for a modern Windows phone that doesn't burn a hole in your pocket, this phone is for you! The specifications are far from top-notch, but performance is pretty decent in its price range. The Windows ecosystem has flourished by leaps and bounds in the past year. You can find an app (including free apps) for all your needs. The build-quality is good, as expected from Nokia. On the flip side, you have limited RAM (512 MB), and no camera flash. For the sake of complete disclosure, I must mention that the device I received initially would abruptly 'freeze'. I very frequently lost network connectivity too. I reported the issues to Flipkart and got a replacement. It has been over a month since I have been using the new device, and I have no complaints. To conclude, I would recommend this phone for anyone looking for an entry-level Windows phone - perhaps a gift for parents.
Overall happy with it except that bluetooth sharing is not there atleast for sharing videos . the navigation is smooth . looks and feel especaially the GUI is great . Connects easily to my win 7 system . Noticed that it doesnt work properly on 2G network .
Outstanding Product, With Outstanding Service from Flipkart and on time delivery. Very much happy with the product
This is gadget worth the amount I spent on this , however the RAM is little bit less but a good smart phone in this range , original windows 8 cost the same amount in which you are getting the cell phone with genuine windows OS.
Got this for my mom. Easy to use and sturdy . Camera is awesome and the battery life is commendable. Would highly recommend it.
100% Satisfied, great touch feel...Simple and best...with this price.. so many feature..simple interface, 100% secure,
Its a good smart phone and value for money. Don't expect all the features of a high end smart phone. Touchscreen is sensitive, display is good. Nokia should have included a bigger battery to improve the stand by/usage time.
this phone is really awesome with its dual core processor but the battery will drain out in 3hrs with gaming+music.......!!!
It has a negative point. 1. Unable to transfer mp3, and video files to another mobile through Bluetooth. 2. Battery life is very bad. 3. Volume buttons will not work after closing any app. So to make it work restart mobile. Good points 1. Touch is outstanding. 2. Its pre loaded apps are good.
Lumia 520 is by far THE BEST smart phone currently available. Its slick looks makes it appealing and not only that its awesome on its functionality. With tons of apps from te windows store, you can customize your phone according to your needs. >Excellent touch!! >Great display >Awesome for gaming >Amazing multitasking
What i like in this phone 1:- Screen display so clear.. 2;:- Touch os very responsive 3:- Camera is awasome ..despite of having flash it gives you good capture. 4:- Nokia music store..cool app What i dislike in this phone 1:- Battery backup..is just ok 2:- Windows 8 dont have notification ..i felt bit anoying .. 3:- Hear map takes too much time to find out way..
Best and cheapest mobile compare to android its better and faster Pros : - · Thinner than expected and feels good in hands · Camera does a good job, a lot of innovative lenses to choose from. · Silky smooth UI which never hangs · Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on · Games never hang or lag · Offline maps with Nokia Here works smoothly (Still Google maps are better) · Nokia music lets you download all latest and old songs direct to the phone. Even regional language songs. · Full MS office suit. · Build quality is awesome with a mat finish on its back which gives a firm grip. Cons:- · Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present. · No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation.
PRICE : Earlier i was frustrated on the same product due to huge fluctuation in price with in 24 hours, but later on,it was a steal deal.Believe me yes it is.I bought it @ 7K INR which is pretty less than anywhere online/offline store. Product quality : i didn't saw this mobile earlier than i bought and gifted to my parents.But some how i saw it on some stores and i was wondering the features and look it has in the amount i bought. It looks pretty good to me.I indeed liked the mobile design and features. Overall : i recommend this product from FLIPKART
It is an economical set and its a value for money set. it has all the functions and all social apps are available for windows 8 phone. and flipkart is the best shopping site in india. the price of products are very reasonable and affordable.
No words to say, Its just awesome. Product is GOOD. when compare to other online store price is little bit hike, But i am satisfied with the quality and services. I would just like to say Thank you Flipkart.
nokia lumai 520 is really amazing, lots of apps in this phone which really entertains u but not as much as to android phone . the most excellent features is its screen quality, sensivity nd its camera quality is superb. only one problem is battery is draining quickly but it is the universal problem to all smartphone. lastly i thanks to flipcart who give this phone only 6999 which is very low as compared to all site nd its market price is abt 8k . go for it
I ordered the Nokia Lumia as part of the discounted sale that was going on. The delivery was excellent. The phone however started behaving oddly soon after. The phone hibernates in 5 minutes which is more or less expected behavior to save battery . The actual problem here being the fact that it does not activate on clicking the power button as it should have. So it has to be more or less an issue with the hardware (power button to be exact). I intend to take it to a Nokia shop to analyse what exactly the issue is and update the post here.
Very good and worth for money.. smooth and fast ...Lumia 520 is best for people who seek for good smartphone below 10 k,no other phone can give u this much good performance in this range ....
it came before the time it was displayed and it was in the guarranty there was o problem with the mobile
This phone is useless.... I bought this phone in Sept, 2013.The sellers are just covering the disadvantages of this product and they are making customers fools.... 1. This phone you can't transfer any video downloaded in internal memory to external SD card... 2. You can't transfer any app to other phones. 3.You can't share any video you have downloaded to your friends phone. 4.There is no file management system. You can't see where the file you downloaded gone... It will make you a sheep among your friends, if this mobile is with you... I strongly recommend you to not to buy this scrap model of Nokia... Actually I am controlling my bad words usage....
I am happy with Nokia Lumia 520, had been using this phone for about a month. Earlier I was using Android phone, it took some time to understand the navigations. 4'' screen makes it easy to read email, news and view the websites, screen automatically adjusts its brightness. I would remommend this phone for music lovers, you can download original music from Nokia Music, I observed that even latest albums are available the very next day of the audio release. For people who travel a lot and use Maps regularly, "Here Maps" are not as good as Google Maps, though you download the latest maps, some of the roads are missing and I had to switch to Google Maps (my personal experience) Like : 1. Nokia Music, happy to listen original music. 2. Affordable Smartphone Dislike: 1. The headphone provided does not have an option to accept a call. 2. Limited Apps 3. Navigations (Here Maps) are not as good as Google Maps.
Its been 20 days since I am using this phone. Marvellous phone in the range of 7K. For the newbies in the smart phone world. Must recommended.
I'm using Nokia Lumia 520 which I bought from Nokia Priority. I'm saying coz my mobile's power button is malfunctioning. I have already repaired it 2 times in Nokia care but again while I'm writing this review the button has started the same trouble so I wanted to say this case to some people. I always like Nokia but this cheap mechanics is causing lot of trouble. How many times should I have to visited nokia care. now I know how nokia is working, they are selling product on less MRP but making the mobiles fragile. please dont be casual with 520 it will break for sure. and they will bill for Rs3800. so please don't buy nokia mobiles here after and so am i.
If you have used Android, you'll not prefer this Windows Phone. For the price range of 7k, this is good but I'm still comfortable using Samsung Galaxy Young at a price range of 6k which have more features and user friendly. Initially the battery life of NL 520 was for more than 30 hrs and after usage within a month you have to charge it daily and the battery stands just for 12 - 15 hrs!!.
After using android for two years(ZTE BLADE,GALAXY S3) ,I never thought of buying a windows phone....but when I saw this one on FlIPKART for 6989 I couldn't resist...after using it for few weeks now I can say that this is the best value for money phone...only things u miss are a front camera and a flash...99% of windows apps works on this device (smooth and stable)...there are only few apps on windows store,but those are enough for a smart phone...you are not gonna install 500k apps on your phone !!!!...
N520 is good in the sense of windows phone. some formate of vedios not able to play. no flash and focus on camera. in the category of 5MP camera quality is pretty gud......
I have used the Android as well as the iOS phones prior to my experience with the Lumia 520 and the one thing I personally felt was that Win 8 has a loooong way to go before it can match Android or iOS. I rate it 3 out of 5 only bcoz of Win8. Firstly changing settings is a lil confusing and you need to look around a lot to achieve this. Secondly, importing contacts is not easy from an old phone using the in-built app as there are still a few bugs in it. Thirdly the touch keypad is a not easy to use and one needs to be really extra careful while typing. Next is the absence of a file manager for the SD card. This I feel is a very basic requirement. Gr8 battery life and antenna. Camera is crisp n clear. Absence of a flash is a major disadvantage though. Also Apps available are not that gr8 for this platform. Few more minor irritating stuff but overall a gr8 smartphone for starters. Lot more evolution is needed to compete at par with Android and iOS ecosystems. And regarding Flipkart delivery, absolutely amazing. Got this phone within 48 hrs of completing the order online.
it is just a waste of money to buy this mobile ............ not at all any value for money if u really want to buy a mobile go for samaung galaxy trend or go for gioneee. please do not waste ur money on buying this...... has a poor quality touch ...... just 512 mb ram of which 145 mb is alredy used by mobile ,. after playing games continuously for more than 20 min it becomes warm and statrts to hang no inbuilt good apps.. give poor quality audio when ur talking to someone without earphone......... please ignore this mobile. but u can only buy this mobile if u want to waste ur money. likw what i did
Yes flip-kart provided the best service. I received my order in just one day. Its awesome. Lumia 520 good mobile in low price. I loved this. 1Ghz dual core processor,5MP camera,4" screen. oh its nice.
I've seen enough good reviews on this product pro's. I would like to mention some con's in this product. 1) There is no File Manager in this Windows phone, So we cannot even Set a Ringtone or share any files from this device without using PC or App to do that. 2) There is no DHCP feature in this Windows phone so we cannot cannot to any WiFi network with Static IP. Apart from these few(negligible) limitations all other features are good in this phone.
Good Product. Perfect value for money. Thought Apps are lesser as compare to android platform, no one can beat smooth and seamless user experience for Windows Phone.
Compare this with any similar priced phone in the market, and you will see a hero in your hand! awesome phone, awesome features, awesome OS, awesome everything!!! for 8000 bucks, what do you expect? Buy this, and it will exceed your expectations! downsides? yes, here are a few: 1. back cover plastic feels flimsy, when you try to open the back 2. no flash, and that is a miss! 3. some apps are not supported, blame it on 512 RAM
!!!!! Its really awesome phone with this cost.............the Operating System worth more than 10k...after using this, am really surprised with the performance of the phone.......... its really nice phone......
Mobile is good and all the features are nice. Sometimes it's getting hung and battery backup is not more than 14-15hrs. I feel for budgeted people like me, it will be good.
Awesome phone @ this range. Nokia at its best, fits almost everything with 512 MB RAM. Better branded phone. Flipkart rocks as usual for prompt delivery. Cheers !!!
HI, I am satisfied with this phone. Only problem i noticed is not user friendly like android. enabling mobile data, blue tooth, wifi made little bit difficult. Camera is excellent with day light. Overall performance is too good. Even Full HD videos plays smoothly. Sound also good. Windows Mobile needs to develop a user friendly interface like android.
Firstly, it’s a value for money phone, that means good hardware for the price (I got mine for 7780 rs. ), and a good screen (fingerprint and grime magnet though), Second -: MS and Nokia must still go extra lengths to get app developers on board; currently the store seems loaded with dubious apps which do nothing useful. Even the default caller app needs lot of improvement Third -: windows 8 experience is good, though lot of lacunae are still present Fourth -: camera works well with enough light, though as mentioned earlier it’s a value for money proposition Pros -: screen size, here maps, Nokia music Cons-: other apps, flimsy and difficult to remove back panel
I wanted to bring to light two incidents, that happened with 520. 1) My cousin while inside car, dropped his 520. It had back cover, the screen broke. He replaced the touch for 4k. He bought a cover fully closed. Again dropped and the screen broke. He kept the mobile aside and bought a micromax 2) One of my friend got this mobile. Everything was good until one day he kept his mobile inside his pocket. The screen broke. 3) Another issue with this phone is audio. This doesn't have audio equalizers. I went thru windows phone website, and found that nokia 520 doesn't have the hardware to support equalizers. Few say they have in 520. So pls check if your mobile will have this option. 4) Another issue is transferring files to and from nokia lumia 520, only if you have files like photo, video or word doc we can share the files, otherwise its very hard. The files gets transferred but you wont be able to see the files even if the transfer is successful. I installed adobe acrobat reader, then i transferred by tickets as pdf to this useless phone, using Bluetooth. Its no way seen. Only way to see this file is open the file after transferring when it prompts to open. Then it will be in recent docs, from there you can access the files Everything is good in this product, except the touch breaks and it cost 4k. Please take into account before buying this one
wait bros ... don't just jump on your couch and buy it in a hurry .... watch for the competitors also . For me, Micromax Canvas Doodle A111, Micromax Canvas Lite A92, Nokia Lumia 520, Sony Xperia E must be viewed and analysised befor going for a budget between 5K-10K. Cheak this out guys- http://www.flipkart.com/mobile/compare?ids=MOBDKXFWQFCWTFGY,MOBDM8BFZHM4YCGX,MOBDJ4ZNAPHAUMSH,MOBDGZKFPZRCGZKC But... Nokia is Nokia and no one beats it because of its windows 8 and superb quality and performence ... Hi5 for lumia 520 !
it was really shocking to see my package which had no phone in the box.which had an empty carom board coin box...poor service...they charged 90 extra for on day delivery....
Very much user friendly. Love the phone themes. Great bang for the buck. Nokia has done a good work on this phone.
Bought for my teenager son, not expensive but with trademark Nokia quality, he is happy and so am I. certainly better than any comparable plastic samsung phone in this range. And I like Windows over Android without doubt.
I prefer the simplicity and fast response that this phone offers. The app store is not as big as play store or apple store, but then, all the essential (and some more) apps can be easily found on windows store. The phone lacks a flash light, but the camera is good. The phone is fast and never hangs. Nokia has maintained good voice reception and clarity on this phone. The phone is sturdy and feels solid in hand. The rectangle shape looks elegant. If you are looking for an entry level smart-phone which can match the pricier ones in terms of performance, go for this.
This SmartPhone is worth the price. OS Windows does not have support for multiple apps. Flipkart service is too good. Overall satisfied with Product.
Yes, there are few shortcomings w.r.t the app store, but the usage, feel and UI are worth the price!! (+) Superb touch. Good screen. Pretty stylish. (-) App Store
Not durable... dropped it one time and the corner has a bent now... No flash so there is no torch... missing it big time. Camera quality is below average compared to my Samsung focus s (Which I have dropped it more than 10 times, but no sign of wear or damage).. the phone gets hotter occasionally on continuous usage. Look for some other options before buying this one...
I purchased this as a gift for my wife, as the first smart phone. Nokia 520 is an easy to use entry level smart phone at a great price point. It has the office features with which one can have the utility of ppts word and excel. It has a good camera but no flash (as the price is less). Great service from flipkart in time for the occasion on which it was gifted.
Faced a few issues in the initial 2-3 days. The battery showed less juice, but after a factory restore the phone worked fine.
Clean OS Good battery backup Enough Apps and games for normal user. Need internet to complete setup. Great look and feel Only drawback is no notification center
Decent phone at decent price tag. Comparatively advance with other phones at same price range. Design is also elegant, good one for starters.
Kickass product for the price of peanuts. Windows buying Nokia is the best news Panaroma option is great as well as the RED panel, looks good.
everything top class except few minor glitches like no direct accessibility to memory card, very low sound during hands free talk. must buy.
This is an amazing device with such a low price, I have used it for almost 3 Months now and I couldn't find any flaws in this phone. The camera being only 5 MP, gives a very good quality of Pics and videos are also awesome with HD recording. There are tons of apps and games available in the Nokia App store for free (and also you can buy some if you want). Nokia music is simply amazing and lets you download your fav songs very easily (you can filter your fav songs by Artists/albums etc to find your fav songs). The here maps are also super cool and easy to use. I simply couldn't find anything bad about this phone to write here. The only thing that a person can complain about is maybe a secondary cam for video calls, however given the price I feel it would be pushing it. All in all this is a great phone to have when your budget is limited.
Very good phone if you are looking for a smartphone and with nokia lumia 520 you get all that you have wished for in your first smartphone.
Pro: The phone has all the basic features and is a great one to have at this price. Cons: They could have included the cam in the front too & had the flash light.
Received Nokia Lumia 520 on time in good condition. Excellent Phone with all features especially with Good 5MP Camera. Worth for buying in Flipkart for the Good price
This mobile rocks. In this Range this is best one to choose. I bought one , And I made 3 of my friends buy this as well. Everybody likes it. WIndows works amazing. If this would have got FLASH and FRONT CAMERA, this wud have beaten LUMIA 920 and number of android mobile behind. Fundoo phone. Nanhe Kumar
I have been using this phone for last 15 days, I must say that window phone is far better than my earlier android (HTC one v). If you looking for budget phone with good performance, go ahead and buy this.
Nokia Lumia 520 is such a great smartphone at great value. It also has an excellent 5MP cam that can capture HD video (720p) @ 30fps Its has a great built design. I really love this phone. It also has a good battery that can last for more than a day if we use it wisely It has a great sensitive touch screen. I have seen the screen working even without touching when we tilt the phone and use fast without touching the screen. It has a scratch resistant glass but not gorilla glass It had fallen down from my hand alot of times.. nothing happened It also fell into the beach and completely sunk I got it back and waited for 10-15 minuts and switched it on .. it worked perfectly ♥♥ I would really suggest to buy Lumia 520 ... once you use it .. you are in love with it REALLY the smartest SMARTPHONE
What to Say. Service Was great from Flikart. And yes, The mobile is best budget phone. The came is good. Of-course it wont take good pic in Low Light but that's what u get for 8k. For 8k : It has its Nokia charm. Battery holds up. Looks good enough, for people to ask me which mobile is it. I am really liking the windows 8. It features a wide application, enough to satisfy me. All in all good product for that range and good service from FLIKART!
Right now this is the best and the cheapest mobile phone in market. The camera and the display are extremely good. Surprisingly I got almost all the necessary apps from app store and I love using them in lumia 520. On purchase of this phone you'll get AirTel 500 mb 3G internet. But for me it was not credit in spite of complaining to the Customer Care. As usual AirTel cheated. Any idea of gifting your friends for less than 10k bucks, then this is the best option. :-)
Best budget phone available in market, for now. Best buy and the best part is product was shipped same evening i ordered. WS Retail gives really appreciable service. Go for it, if you have a budget of 8K, its the best phone then.
Windows phone having all the important apps. except waste nd unwanted apps of android and IOS. temple run 2.....subway surf....also now available on windows phone. soon BBM is also coming in windows phone within a month. Great experience with this phone great build quality, trust of nokia...awesome camera....must buy friends
Great phone for anyone entering the smart phone world. Windows 8 is a great operating system that runs great even on a low spec phone. A comparable Android phone would lag in performance. However lack of Google support with no Google Maps or built in Google search is a negative especially for India. The front camera is also sorely missed.
As compare to other phone there is true application for windows os is fewer but if you average user of mobile phone (for most of users), needed application are available. Other feature are outstanding compare to this price range phone. Speed is good. Camera is good. Battery backup also good enough. In built memory and ram are also so good in this price. Only front camera is missing. Dual sim is not good as performance point of view in any mobile so cool with single sim. Hope this helps to you.
First time buy a windows phone. It's smooth in operating, rich look and I love the screen... But in somewhere Android is better than this.
ye mujhe 6999 main mil gaya flip. pe, Awsome fone.......itne features itne kam paise main...really m feelin great. Its camera is too good, takes crispy shots. Android se thakne ke baad beautiful cheez haath laga. Strongly recommended, but check price on other sites too if u cud find it cheaper..
This is really awesome phone in affordable range. I truly love WS Retail as seller. Because the service is always awesome. This comment is only for Seller "Give the best price, best shipping time frame; the customer is yours" Thanks to WS retail and Flipkart
It is value for money product, especially here map functionality of windows I love which works ofline as well and thanks to flipkart service its too fast reached product from Banglore to my place at Pune within 24 hrs.
I brought this phone 3 weeks ago. All features are good expect that phone gets heated while charging....
Excellent product. Nice finishing, Smooth touch. Suitable for those who are searching for a low cost mobile ideal for internet usage. Provides fastest browsing and download in VIFi and mobile networks as well.. Superb camera which captures pictures with its original light and color. Good battery back-up..!!
I have bought it in price 9445,six months ago but i am still satisfy with it. Pros - 1)Good quality camera 5 MP 2)very smooth touch 3)Now windows have all applications which Android and IOS are having 4)Battery life - you can use it 2-3 days with a full charged battery. 5)toughness - i use it without cover and it has felt down so many times but still i cant see a single scratch on the screen 6)Running internet very fast than samsung galaxy phones Cons - only one i have noticed is that it is not comfortable when you talk for a long time because it's edges are very sharp and outer cover spears to your ears.
I love nokia lumia soo much thanks to flipkart, really low budget with best performance, more applications become free. enjoying with lumia
I would recommend this to anyone who's looking for a budget smart phone. Pros: The 5 MPx camera and 4 inch screen will make your money well spent! Nice and slick UI of WP7 Better looking than those boring Samsungs around Good build quality and touch screen Cons: The number of apps in Windows phone definitely needs a big increase Some of the images sent via bluetooth disappear to nowhere! No flash for camera
its very good at very low cost.its worth more than its price with amazing touch sensitivity. it never hangs like android
First thanks to Flipkart.com for their fastest delivery and amazing packaging. .I have used Nokia Lumia 520 from last 10 Days and found no such lag . 4-inch 480 x 800 pixel IPS screen; Windows Phone 8; 8GB internal memory, microSD; Dual-core 1GHz Snapdragon CPU; 5-megapixel main camera, no front camera which is enough in good quality phone between this range PROS Cheap, compact, capable Windows Phone device, Easy-to-use interface,Low price Cons: 1. Small display,reflective screen,no camera flash Though application and games are not easily available in net i have download it from windows store and all runs very smoothly. But when I run Temple run game after playing some time phone got heated. Besides these pros and cons this is a very good Windows Phone with a affordable price range below 10k
Awesome phone at this price...strongly recommended for below 10k. Though a flash would have been a lot better...
Nice looking phone in 7k budget option, good display and surprisingly nice user interface as I am using windows for the first time(on phone) There are some pretty nice color options to choose from like Red / Cyam / Yellow / White which make the phone look trendy (as iPhone 5c) Overall a happy experience!!!
Worst phone I ever used, I don't think its user friendly.Features are not as sharp as other phones I used (Like Samsung Grand or other phones of Nokia). I am facing one problem like if battery is down and I need to stop Internet using so how to stop it.Moreover if you are using whats App application and if you want to open someone profile's pic than it takes so much time as compare to other phones,or even I still i didn't get how to change my display pic. there are many other reasons for not buying this. however Flipkart has given me best deal In market its prize is between Rs. 8500 to 9000 but i bought this in Rs. 7900 I suggest not to buy this phone.
Delivery person keeps on calling, as if they are not aware about address. It disturbs sometimes. Rest is all ok. Mobile Phone is good. Worth of money.
Buy this only if you are low on budget. The phone hardware is perfect. Good Camera and touch but problem is with software. Windows is not as good as android. Rediffmanil is not even supported. Here maps is not as good as google maps and most popular games like subway surfer is not even there in windows store. So if you are an android user then this phone will greatly disappoint you.
Please anyone tell me how to increase the alarm volume in this phone because I dont find any option wherein I can increase the alarm volume. It is very slow in this mobile.
problems with the following: 1. camera button is jammed, extremely difficult to use. 2. screen enlarges and reduces sometimes by itself, seems to have a mind of its own. 3. network keeps on dropping, this did not happen with my earlier phone.
Need to chargeup everyday,....better to go for android if u want more apps and options... Need to be improved on settings and messaging options
The starry looks +Windows8...........! it`s the best phone in this 8K-12K range. the lack of front facing camera and an LED flash are negligible beacause it`s the baby W8 lumia for youth.
I purchased this phone on Flipkart around 1 month back. Earlier I was using Andriod phone and undoubtly on the same configuration Windows performs better. As I have seen many reviews that applications is less but if I say then we have almost all common apps that we usually use. Best part is music, camera and offline maps. only con I found is the volume key sometimes do not work properly. Little disappointed as the very next day price got dropped by 1000 Rs even I was keeping eye on price for 15 days. I recommend this phone. i am planning to buy Lumia 920/925 next.
Pros : - Nokia's excellent h/w combination - longer battery life. - Slicky awesome design. Cons: - It's not android; I didn't know windows is so bad in terms of features. There are so many easy to features i android which is absent from windows phone. - Fragile in nature Verdit : Although I love the nokia's h/w performance, I'm disappointed with so less features in windows mobile.
Correct Shipping ,good,Got to say that this windows product is simply superb at its price and design and its feature. The only thing which it lacks is to say that it does not have flash. Never mind a well made phone by NOKIA.
The phone does more than what it is priced for... Completely satisfied with the Windows 8 OS .Lumia Rocks
Great service by Flipkart as always. This a great phone with smooth and fluid OS, but all internet applications are a little slow.... PROS:-1)Smooth OS 2)Form factor is nice 3)Good battery life 4)Nokia Music(unlimited download) CONS:-1)Micro sim unnecessary 2)Grainy 5MP camera with NO FLASH 3)Lack of apps 4)Sometimes wi-fi takes long time to connect even a few mins while my iPod connects instantly. 5)Phone heats up SOMETIMES after using it with wifi for 20 mins.
This is not my 1 item at FK ....First thing ,thanks to flipkart for giving amazing price.and one day delivery ...feeling good but they charged extra 90 Rs, any way it is good , take it lite.. Finally FK is 100% secure and original .. Plz Flipkart deliver to all locations in Andhra pradesh. we are loosing to purchase on this online mega store
I have used Lumia 710 for 2 years in the past. Prior to that i used Galaxy Ace. Now using iPhone 4. I bought Lumia 520 for my family member. The touch sensitivity is simply amazing. Phone is fast in response. 512 MB ram does not matter. Camera is good. The phone's build quality is also great (it is coming from Nokia)! Only 2 negative points - flash is missing and front cam is missing. But, for this price it is steal! As an person that used Windows, Android and iOS phones, i would recommend Windows Phone as my favorite.
pros: good ui good battery backup nice display very responsive touch cons: no battery percentage no screen orientation lock no flash still need some improvement to compete with android and ios whatsspp works smooth overall good phone for money and by the way its nokia so quality is awesome
Nice phone under 8k, if compared with the low end android devices and having a good brand name as well, only 1 drawback it heats a lot while playing games or browsing in 3g network, but runs fine in wifi :)
Always hanging ..mostly while talking it is not responding. Such a bad product.....that time also a am not able to switch off. I have to remove the battery directly to make it off. Battery back up is not good.
It is a good budget phone, performance wise is also good. It does not support Software Data cable to transfer big size data from mobile to mobile. But security is good for your data, Mobile is personal device so data security is must which the Windows 8 phone is giving it to you. Screen display is good. One will like to see the clips, movies, etc on Lumia 520 phone. And many more.
Best buy for 7.5k.. Windows 8 fixes many shortfalls in Windows 7.Crisp display, Awesome response time. Overall very satisfied with the product. Flipkart, pls improve your service standards, they are falling....While your competition is picking up even your share of the pie. I ordered this phone on flipkart and a tab on another portal on same day during GOSF. While the other portal delivered the item very next day. Flipkart took a week, and multiple followups.. Ive been regular buyer from flipkart, but this time very disappointed with the service.
Pros: 1. Call quality is awesome 2. Camera quality is excellent even captured videos are also of good quality 3, Music quality is also good 4. GPS navigation is excellent 5. Good battery backup Cons: 1. It hangs and restarts at least once a day with minimal usage also 2. Third party apps are bit slow
Yipeee I got the best phone for best price. Awesome xperience with WP8.. Thanks Windows..
M using this device for almost a month now and trust me its been pleasant experience so far. Windows OS is still in devp stage, its long way to go.... but trust me its performance specially battery life is much better than Andriod OS devices. Ur frnds might say dont buy this mobile coz they have very few app's in store! my answer is simple. yes apps are less but all are well tested by microsoft and OS have control over their battery consumption, file access etc. So overall its gud handset. P.S: Flipkart's ekart rocks...!! Thanks guys.
The Lumia 520 is definitely worthy of the title of a stripped down Lumia 720. But more than that, it's Nokia's smart selection of the what components to strip that has helped this phone prop up Nokia's Windows Phone fortunes almost single handedly. As someone who has used the 720 as well, I can safely testify that this barely feels like a downgrade in any department but the screen and perhaps battery life. This phone is as fast, as smooth and as productive as the much more expensive 720, and more bang for buck than any competing Android. Again, it suffers from the regular limitations of Windows phone, but in this price bracket it is an insanely good bargain. Even the screen, while garden variety compared to the fantastic units on the higher Lumias, is not half bad, and hardly reason to complain about. At 4 inches the size is decent as well. Battery life is bound to suffer slightly as it cannot do the AMOLED technology combined with Windows Phone's mostly black backgrounds trick to save power, but it should get you through an average day easily. Only problem I faced was that the phone had a tendency to disconnect from WiFi occasionally, despite all relevant options being on. May be a problem with my unit. Overall, if you want to gift your not very tech savvy parents a good budget friendly smartphone, or just want a good device at a barebones price, click 'Buy'.
The GOSF deals were on the mark for three days with fluctuating price for Lumia 520. (6989 to 8199). I picked it up at 6999/- with 6 EMIs (paid some bucks extra though ;)) as I couldn't use/trust my Corporate Amex Credit Card to get 10% cashback. :) :P No more pros and cons... Already written too much in review section. It is not smart enough because it misses hell lot of things which I never expected from a brand like Nokia and Microsoft as well. * Sharing/Moving Videos and Music not easy OR not allowed through apps. * No USB tethering. * General profile ringtone uses your media sound set (not good if I did pause my song at level 30). * Sound is too much everywhere, I feel like "The Voice Of China" :P * Hope, if they could have provided toggle icons for 2G/3G, Location, GPS, WiFi, Brightness etc. * If you use WhatsApp, you will cry one day definitely. :P * Nokia focuses on Camera, Lens and other useless features. They don't care or bother about Customer's feedback and BUGS discussed on forums like (Nokia, Microsoft and WindowsPhone). * Less reliable. Restriction all around. Verdict: These cons mentioned couldn't stop me from buying this beauty as it gives complete and smooth experience what it is designed for. It is worth the money you spend as it gives an amazing experience with its UI when you touch and slide. Best buy at this price. :)
I have nothing to complain about the service with Flipkart. But if you are an android phone user and you want to go to Nokia for loyalty and if it is a windows phone - PLEASE FORGET IT !!!!! Windows can never be an equivalent to android. I am immensely unhappy with Lumia 520
Everything is good in mobile but camera Quality Is not as good as expected.. speed is far better the Other Android phone ex. Galaxy S and HTC one v.
the pros.. good looks, decent battery and on the surface does everything most smartphones do the cons.. camera leaves you wanting more nokia online/radio does not work most times tends to hang every now and then, reset has proved useless here maps - too good.. completely underrated the biggest problem is the phone does not work with wifi... it simply hangs trying to connect to a wireless netwrok. flipkart even exchanged the first phone that i brought. the new one also has the same problem. its bad enough that you are dealing with an entirely new OS like windows 8 but problems like these are a deal breaker. another stupid feature is the fact that music cannot be stopped. You can pause it but unitll it completely plays out, it remains on your playlist!! who writes these programs!!
with in range of 7k , its a good product you can get. You have everything in it... plus a brand(NOKIA)...Go for it.
I am not reviewing Windows here, just writing about the physical build quality: 1) Side switches: Very flimsy. Have clicked just 8-10 photos in 4 days of use and already the camera switch has turned faulty (has caved in the back cover). Will approach the Nokia repair shop to see what happens. 2) Plastic around the screen: Just one fall and the corner plastic has a very noticeable dent. 3) Ear Phone: The wires of the earphone are very flimsy and seem like cheap Chinese wires used in the Chinese lights we all buy on Diwali.
Best windows phone under cost limit of Rs 10000 delivered within two days as assured by Flipkart.This is the best phone with all windows based applications and really good for official use. Only with pros but no cons.
value for money. windows phone so lil disappointment with aaps.. no front cam .. rest is good . awesume battery back up.. nice touch... i m fully satisfied with this product.....
Very good phone, at this price I am happy with the phone.Very good merchant. Got the phone next day of order.
The handset is smart-looking and has good processing speed - camera quality is also pretty good. Lot of people had negative opinion about Windows phone, but I am quite satisfied with this product
I bought this mobile with lots of expectation,, and to an extent mobile is doing well, only with 1 but a major issue.. Mobile keeps on getting switch off and on of its own.. Sometimes while in use n sometimes even when kept idle. I really do not understand dis. Except dis, mobile is really catchy, handy n satisfactory. But dis problem makes me really disappointed.. :-|
I juz dont have words to say.... Awesome ..... It was as new as from the show room.... The Mobile was well packed and sealed..... It had all the things intact as said.... Everything was untouched....
Very good phone, sturdy built, easy to use, easy on pocket. Has all basic features. Nokia maps is good. Flipkart delivery was on-spot.
First accept the fact that its a low range device and don't expect it to vow you ! Other than it everything is good about it ,the windows market is continuously working to give the best experience The one thing that stands out is camera ,it just takes awesome shots and even low light images are good ,overall it's worth for 7.5K
First impression on looking at this phone is wow.... display and viewing angles were great. 512 mb ram seems work really fine, there are no lags. I bought this phone for my wife and she is really happy with it. Only concern is that we cannot download apps in SD card, hence if we download huge games it definitely occupy phone memory. Since it has 8gb internal memory it does not matter much. Overall this phone is really good with good audio and video quality and also we can play high end games......
Camera photo resolution is excellent Worst battery life Nokia Music - app is waste, I couldn't add individual files to create a play list There is no inbuilt option to provide the details of the files stored in phone and memory card Video and audio - files - I am unable to view it by folder The outer panel is not fitting properly, which is causing the unnecessary vibration
Excellent..... The phone is awesome no doubt about it... The condition in which i received it was excellent... Flipkart is among trusted sites for online buying and i would suggest you all to go forward and keep buying from it.. The phone is awesome , given its price overall. Worth for money spent..rather than going for some expensive phones, go for this...
Economical smart phone of the year :) .. Price as low as 7000 change.. and features are very competing..
Pros 1) Nice Display 2) Good call quality 3)Feature rich with existing apps 4) Delight in many ways compared to android cell( office related work) 5) Free Music on Nokia Music 6) Awesome Touch screen Cons 1) Battery life below average 2) UI takes time to get used to if android user. 3) Visual appeal is better in android 4) Screen lock key is in horribly placed. pain for thumb 5) Ppl who use extreme messaging then keyboard wont help.
Quality of Nokia excels in L520. The usability of WP is quaint, though not as friendly as iOS. Great phone.
good mobile . as usual once again flipkart proved their qaulity in product and delivery good offer price for this product .
I am basically a Nokia fan. In last 15 yrs whatever models I have bought it has given me full satisfaction. The same is true for Nokia Lumia 520 also. If any one wants to use Phone as a phone only then its the best one. Pros : Easy to use, good looking, smooth touch. Support of SD card and access of mail which includes MS-Exchange is really advantageous. Photo Quality is also very good......................A phone can not be a substitute of Camera/Home Theater...........the experience are different. Battery back-up is also good one. If you don't want to waste money..................Then go for it ...............otherwise there are many to spoil the pocket.
I have no issues with the mobile ,but the packing was not good and its too small,invoice also they have given inside the package without any protection, it had got damaged.
this phone is just awesome . paisa vasool phone it would be much beta if battery capacity would have been a bit more need to recharge twice a day.
I bought this phone 2 weeks before from flipkart and believe me the experience was awesome.But once i was sitting on my sofa,phone dropped from my hand directly to the floor(sofa not more than 60cms).The result was pretty surprising,phones screen cracked!!!where nokia is famous for its build quality.And now its screen charged me rs2250/-.......A huge disappointment from nokia.
it is good picture quality is good in daylight. Sound is so good than other. Sometimes hanged.But is good than android. Look and feel is so touchy. Price is good for above reason. so i love it very well.
phone is very nice in low price, but video downloading is not available, battery is only 1450 mah, that is not for long time
In this price range lumia 520 is a best buy with some compromises, Pros: . with nokia comes the build quality and good softwares that are built specially for windows phone 8 . Responsive user interface Cons: . Signal strength is a bit low . generate heat during normal use
I have ordered this phone for a friend of mine. Got it for 6999 in GOSF sale, but too bad I didn't have Amex card :-/ because it would have been a hell lot cheaper with the 10% cash back, even though I am very happy for getting the Lumia 520 for 6999. The phone was delivered with in 2days(arrived today) in a 'A' condition. The product was the best selling smart phone in flipkart and amazon for many days it took the No.1 spot and the specs are decent. If you are looking for a smart phone in budget, then you can go for it although it is missing things like flash, clear back display, and have only 512mb RAM(but it is sufficient to run a windows phone comfortably), it is worth every paisa, and buying it from flipkart makes your life easier. Way to go Nokia, flipkart.
It has been 3 weeks since i am using this phone. In this section i will not mention the specifications of the phone as you all know better than me.I will only mention the user experience. PROS: 1.Great battery life.(More than andriod)Less charging time 35 mins. 2.No lag at all in User Interface. 3,Crisp display with great clarity. 4.I agree that there are less apps then andriod but all more than necessary apps are there. 5.Somebody in other posts have mentioned that the is no file manager in W8.Its true but why is it necessary i donot understand as all songs,videos,files are separately segregated in very suitable way. 6.Camera is so clear without flash that it is better than some of other competitive phone's camera with flash. Cons. 1.You cannot attach any file to your mail.But u can attach photo. 2.This is not related to W8 but it is related to app(Whatsapp).Attachment of pre-stored songs and videos are not allowed. A must buy phone in this range...
its just too good phone but one problem getting heat other then that nothing ...............................
phone is really good at this price but camera quality(in fact with no flash) is quite saddening and one of its major drawback...like all smart phones battery backup is also disheartening....
no file manager to manage your files you cant set your ringtones' you cant share photos on whats app zero rating
Good product, loved the windows os but main drawback is, As Windows is not integrated with google products thats why we face problems in HERE maps (Nokia) coz no clarity as in Google map, Incomplete support in Gmail etc.. **GOOGLE PRODUCT USERS DONT BUY WINDOWS MOBILE**
I've used Android for the past two years and for a change I decided to switch to windows. So I bought this entry level windows device. Trust me this is the best mobile you can get for a budget below 10,000. Not like android windows is too fast, however it takes time to get used to the options if you are new. Camera is more than enough. Offline GPS is amazing. Display's fine and battery's excellent you can keep your data/even Wi-Fi always ON ( You can't do tat in Android ) However not all apps are free. But I'm sure they'll work on it. If you are looking for a mobile below 10grand just go for it.
This is my first Smartphone, and therefore, I had no familiarity with its ways of functioning. To top it, I found no time to read thru' help files, tips and tricks provided by Nokia and Windows. With bare little knowledge and significantly lower usage, I felt it was a bad buy. After one month, I placed a free Ad at OLX with intent to dispose it off at a thousand rupee loss. Willing buyers wanted to negotiate it at two thousand less than the purchase price. Meanwhile, I discovered Lumia's high class picture taking ability backed by Nokia's sophisticated proprietary software. This is when I withdrew the Ad from OLX. Closing on to 3 months use, though sparingly still now, I have started gaining greater familiarity with the product. With that, I have begun to develop the feeling that it was a good buy. I have lot more to explore and after gaining better familiarity with this Smartphone, I may be able to assign a 5 star rating.
ya, Nokia itself resembles the brand. but before buying this mobile you have to think twice. B'cos Windows is not a user friendly OS and bit complicated.
i think flipkart is the best place to buy mobiles i got my Lumia 520 with good quality delivery The Nokia Lumia 520 is powered by Windows Phone 8 and comes with a 1GHz dual core processor that ensures you get the best of it. The touchscreen works just fine when you have gloves on or even with long finger nails. Free music and navigation made for endless entertainment
Windows 8 tiles is just amazing. Windows 8 is decent version and i have not experienced any issues so far. This phone is value for money. A word of caution, go for micro sim card and do not cut your regular sim card to micro sim card. Sometime the cutter may damage the sim and you can face problem with connectivity and can blame the device for the problem
I like Nokia lumia 520. I read all details and functions of this mobile. There are many good features and functions in this phone. So, i want to brought this phone.
Although interface is little complex ,good phone if you get used to windows os. Very less number of options(settings).
When so many positive reviews are there , then nothing to say more about 520 . Surely its a very good device and i took this device from flipkart @ Rs. 7799...awesome...Flipkart is great -------------------------------------------------- By the way here probably no has said about charging of this device lumia 520 and at first time after purchasing , seeing this any one can think that it is a problem of this device . The matter is that when I was charging first-time this device after switching off displaying GOODBYE,it was automatically getting on as i switched on of the wall socket .I thought that flipkart has provided me a faulty device and my some friends who are using android device , they were also said that it is your device problem cause they did not know about window phone. So next day i went to Nokia service center , priority dealer , mobile store and some local stores , they assured me that IT IS NOT A PROBLEM OF YOUR DEVICE AND IT IS GENERAL WAY OF CHARGING FOR WINDOW PHONES cause window phones can not be charged at switched off state. later at many online blogs/yahoo answers , i saw same problem and answers was there. So my problem solved and i am happy ----------- short review about Lumia 520(my color is yellow) First great feauture of this device which i liked is Very excellent autofocus camera quality with 720p Hd recording and low light is average and flash is missing{better than samsung 3mp, micromax , karbon 8mp cameras under 10k} | also big feature is that there are micro sd slot exp. upto 64gb & 8gb internal | good quality of sound with bass | 4inch , big screen than previous 510 and also this is toughened glass IPS display | great WIFI and bluetooth v.4 connection Overall a great device with great features at this price. at last again want to say a Big thanks to flipkart for providing this device at rs 7799 , Love you Flipkart and my device . and THANK YOU ALSO FOR READING THIS REVIEW. :-)
This mob is worth for the amount. But within 3 days it got held up wit a prob. It as not showing the mob operator. I put 3 different networks but nothing worked out. . Totally disappointed. Then returned back. And again placed an order for the same model. Hoping it will work well. If tthatalso fails should go for somother brand. Since iithas replacement warranty imhappy with it.
Best bet for the price you pay for a smart phone !! You get a lot of features, nice display & touch. Overall a perfect one on smartphone entry level.
- Excellent service from Flipkart. - Good Phone under 10 K, Good camera, elegant look, screen movements are easy & fast., - Backup of contacts is in the phone or to be uploaded through net. No backup through computer. However Photos etc. can be backed up through windows phone app for desktop. - Requires internet connection for better & full usage - To be used by people who know computers .. especially windows 8 - Difficult interface for new users. Phone is app oriented, a new concept .. will take some time to understand & get used to. - Transfer of contacts from old phone is difficult , in absence of blue tooth. - Software to be updated from usage point. - 2 keys may be provided for call & SMS. - No flashlight
Poor product quality. Getting heat very fast over 3G access. Called to flipkart CCE, they told me some troubleshooting option but did not get any response after doing suggested procedure.
Nokia is Back... leave alone the same old android aside.Time for the trendy and colorful Win8. The Lumia 520 is simply the Best Phone around 10k. I dont even want to buy a big phone which looks more like a slate, this phone is just simple and handy at the same time very very powerful. You can handle this with one hand and touch is super senstitive with a great looking screen too. The battery comes for a max of two days. The sound quality and video is crisp and clear. Only negative is the no equalizer in the music palyer, and i need more color themes.
cons.... 1) if you don"t have internet then ur main balance will vanish to 0 paisa. ( due to upgrade happnng automatically ). I made a call to a frnd, saw the bal 600 something went to coffee break... came back and found... bal is rs 0.something 2) then i activated my 3g on it and guess what..in 3 hrs my battery depleted to nil. verdict: this is just a B***S*** phone.
Firstly, I was really worried about buying some electronic stuff from flipkart. But I guess that payed well, this phone in showroom is about 10,000 while at flipkart it is of just 8,199 and I am really impressed by the quick delivery and packing. I order on sunday afternoon and I got my phone in hand on Monday morning. Now few things about phone. Pros: 1.Super sensitive touch. 2.Sharp and nice display. 3.Light weight. 4.No lagging at all ! ( one of the reason I bought this because android phones of this range usually hangs a lot! ) 5.Good Battery ( compare to other smart phones ) 6. large internal memory. 7. Apps are definitely less in windows store but still enough to fulfill my needs. 8. Genuine Microsoft office 13 (including Excel) 9. HD games works great 10. Camera is good Cons: 1.No Equalizer ( but still default voice is pretty much fine ) 2. Less free apps ( maybe enough for me but there are less free apps, mostly are paid. 3. No File Manager 4. Can't send already stored audio/video on WhatsApp. 5. No flash or secondary camera ## Temple run 1 does work ## In short, Its an amazing phone! I love it ! If you want a smooth phone with light weight apps Its prefect! And one more time Thank you Flipkart .. I am gonna continue buying things from here.
At last nokia is back , back with a bang. I bought this mobile one month before i a'm verry happy to use windows with trust of nokia.Its really intresting to use and i am sure i never go for android again.thank u nokia and flipkart.
Nokia is smart enough to have 520 in this range, excellent marketing strategy, people fed up from android will give a shot to this window. But trust me it's a mixed bag Pros: 1.Excellent Touch 2.Lound music playback 3.Battery life decent 4.Free songs ! 5.Switiching from Android and the transitions are Fun 6. Data Sense is New Buzz 7.Here navigation is class ! 8.Good application for camera 9.Sleek Design 10.Dedicated camera button Cons 1.The phone reboots once in a while. 2.Camera Quality is not unto the mark 3.You do not get a flash ! 4.Whatsapp doesn't function properly 5.Overheating 6.Videos over 20mb do not get transferred in bluetooth
Thanks for Flipkart for giving Diwali cybersale.Due to this I Bought this phone.... Performance is so good. please give more offers related tablets and phones
Finally Nokia came out with Excellent Product,Sound & Phone hearing clarity are really good,User friendly Windows features made this Phone King In Market.Lumia series are making huge and Huge sales indicating end of era Of Samsung which sidelined Nokia years ago,Now its turn of Nokia.Concerns are Photo clarity is not that much adequate,after auto update Phone images & many features will not tilt automatically(Gyro motion),You need to switch off and On is only Concern!.I am using this phone from 2 months,battery back up & all other features are really Good.Good come back Nokia!!!
well i have bought the phone its just awesome its way better than android nokia comes back strong with windows u can check all features it gives best in under 10000
best phone better than android, ios please everybody buy this cool phone......dhasu fone yaar....in budjet everything runs smoothly.....nice touch.......nice camera.........in all best phone...........
Red and black colors are both good. but Red is WOW !!! Camera 5.0 MP is far better than samsung /other brands. Ok for daily usage. Batt life is o.k. Display is good,even high definition video is good. Earphone is rubbish !!! If 3g is on and sync is going on and if a call comes you wont be able to answer it sometimes as the call answer option is greyed out and this is very annoying. I personally fixed it by not using internet all the time. CTRL +ALT +DEL (reboot)
I already use a lumia 720 n based on its performance n speed i ordered a lumia 520 .i am much satisfied with 720....hope 520 too meets to my expextations as both phones have almost the same configuration.
Am using this phone since last one week. Great value for money, nice battery life. Camera and Sound quality are exceptionally good. Talking about the operating system, switching from Android to Windows could be quit cumbersome initially, but once accustomed with Windows 8 on mobile you'll enjoy the ease of using one. News for radio listeners, loudspeaker option is NOT available. Things I miss while using my Nokia Lumia 520: Front camera, Flash, Second SIM. But it still deserves a 5star.
Many are complaining about apps in the windows market place.But most of the top apps are already available here. Have not experienced even a single lag while operating. Phone gets a little bit heated but is only negligble. There are quite a lot of bugs in the music player which nokia is not responsible for. amber update now is awesome and added pretty good functionality to My Lumia . Overall a very good phone at this price rate.
the product is great..today only i recieved it.. i wont tell like no front camera,clear black screen etc..because already its there in the spec so listens whats is my experience...this applies to all the lumia series as far i my knowledge 1.a problem is if your old contacts are in your system you cannot easily put them into your windows phone. 2.there is no file manager in this phone 3.the apps can be installed via store only...altough u get .xap files on the internet 4.for keeping your desired ringtone you need a software,..you cannot put conviniently as the old nokia phones does all the performancewise its very nice with the new UI...i love this phone...altough it has these minor defects..
i was very surprise that this fone also plays 720p as well as 1080p videos without any lag,processing is quite good,play asphalt 7,Nfs Hot pursuit,no lags at all,battery is very good,lasts 2 days with normal uses,camera is perfect even there is no led flah but still best camera in this range,feels premium in hand,almost all required apps are present, i was looking for MX like player in WP8 and moliplayer fill mx requierment.
With many reviews here I can understand it is a very good product from Nokia but how can I confirm that it is a genuine(original) product from Nokia.
nice one . anybody with budget constrains and not wanted a android machine can go for it. premiunm feel. bit difficult to connect wit wi fi. dont know why. express delivery. took only 3 days
1- Very Good Mobile with 3G facility . 2- Very Good Camera 5MP. 3- Gives good feels good in hands. 4- Full MS office suit. 5- Whatapp , Temple Run etc runs well. 6- All required app are available in store. 7- Google map is also available in store. 8- Nokia Smart Cam is awesome. 9- highly sensitive 4-inch touchscreen. 10- 8GB Internal Memory and Expandable Memory (microSD) upto 64 GB. 11-Dual core 1GHz processor is very Good. 12-1450 Mah battery is some problem not work 24 hour if you use Net and apps, video.
bhailogo mast phn h lumia 520 agar apko 10000 range tak koi phn lena h to only lumia 520 lo best phn h batry backup is gud net speed is good no hang problem camera quality is superb low light me b mast pic capture krta h nd HD v.d.o recording... 100 out of 100 bas front camera hi to ni aur krna b kya h frnt camera ka koi nai krta h video calls .. g.f se baat krne k liye 1 rs to kharch krne me 10 baar sochte hoge..or v.d.o call bada karoge..... samjhe kch ...to mast phn h bina soche le lo
Why to Buy? Excellent phone for this price range. Much superior performance as compared to Andriods phones of the same price range Gaming experience is amazing Voice clarity is super Intergration of social networking and emails is much bteer than andriod Why not to buy ? The only thorn in this rose is the camera. Inferior in low light and OK performance in day light
though not comete with android, it has unique features like panoramic view , all music download etc. makes it special
Just awesome phone, awesome delivery by flipkart .. only the battery back-up is not that great .. it lasts for a day in normal usage ..
phone is good....as compared to samsung the phone processing is fast.....and touch is feeling good like iphone....
1 I used that product while 15 days, i don't get any fault on that lumia 520 is the best product, battery is very very good but Ram is not much impressive if it should be 1GB then that product was awesome
My Rating is 4/5. Nokia Lumia 520 is the most easiest and fastest affordable Smart Phone in its class as of now.(LG Optimus or Samsung's Galaxy Grand is mostly junk,a bit better than chinesse clones though.I can say this because I have bad experience with korean smart phones.) I can't believe that the processor is just as basic as 1 GHz.Most games run smoothly. Windows Phone 8 OS is just fantastic,better than Android.This phone's processor outperforms Samsung galaxy grand in terms of speed.I wish if nokia could have added Flash to its 5 MP rear camera.Higher models come with flash and a front camera. Don't be fooled by micromax's cheaper priced similarly specd mobiles.You cant play games with it,it crashes and u need to pay 1800 for repairing after just 19 days. Nokia's iPhone 5 equivalent priced Lumias have around 15-41 Megapixel Camera superior to that of iPhone.So,I have adviced my dad to migrate from iPhone to Lumia.iPhone 5 although of great build Qualty is overpriced and I do find Windows Phone 8 OS to be easier to use than iPhone.And yes,download the google search app on windows phone 8,its great. I purchased 520 with black color frame instead of yellow color,because I thought that Black looks great for bussiness. I have altered the basic tiles color to Grey to match the bussiness class flavour and thats easy to do. My only significant complain with Windows Phone 8 OS is about duplication of songs when stored and manupulated on external SD Card.It is not a much problem if songs are stored in inbuilt memory but its really a problem since that occupies the space which should be used for storing apps.Hopefully the problem gets resolved through a OS software update.This Problem applies to all Phones running Windows Phone 8. My rating would increase to 4.5 if this problem gets solved by a OS Software update.
ultimate offering at this price.go for it blindfolded.no problem of apps at all.but there are a few restrictions on windows phone 8. they would sort this out in wp 8.1.this nokia device is better than any other mid range android in user experience. NOKIA ROCKZ.
Product is very good except 3 things :- 1) Battery, biggest issue, it takes a lot of time to charge & if you use 3G or multimedia, it doesn't last long. 2) No flash but the camera is very nice for day photography. 3) Charger's wire quality is not good. In spite of the above cons, I suggest everyone to buy Lumia 520. Flipkart's delivery wasn't that fast, took 5 days
I bought this phone from local vendor and i must say the phone is really beautiful i have the cyan colour First of all the Display:Its IPS so wider viewing angles and its 480x800 on a 4" display that gives really sharp pictures and vibrant colours.. Pros: Design: The First thing after seeing the phone is the design is very class the back is made of poly carbonate a matte finish that provides a really good grip Processor/RAM/GPU: It has a Snapdragon Qualcomm 1 Ghz Processor and a 512MB Ram( Enough for a windows phone) and the latest Adreno 305 GPU the games run butter smooth Camera: The Camera is good for a phone in this price bracket. Pictures are dissappointing in Low Light.. OS: Windows 8 OS is very very smooth no lag at all I had an LG Optimus which lagged a lot but this is a wonder.. Cons: Camera: there is no front cam that is a drawback but not a deal breaker Thats the only con I could find This aint a phone for an Android Guy or ios guy although there are many apps currently not present at WP platform developers are looking forward to launch them..
Thank you Flipkart! I got the product in just one day .. less than one day to be true. Neatly packed. Regards, Stalin
far better dan my previous phone,xperia e...it ws lagging all d tym.. lumia 520 gives good user experience...stable os..stuckless working...good resolution screen..amber update gives better performance..i recommend dis phone for all those out there looking for a smart phone under 10k..although dis has certain cons..it is ahead all of itz competitors in the range..good buy...worth its price...dats my word..go for it..
Its really a nice budget smart phone wit WINDOWS 8 OS.. it has a stunning sync feature.... fb chat, sync of photo albums uploaded in fb can be viewd easily at juz a swipe.... camera has gud editing options..... though it has 512MB RAM user wil fell lyk usng a phone wit 1GB RAM... :D though few windows apps re onli available in the store we can get all the necessary apps.... the only probs wit dis basic lumia s d memory being occupied by others.... its constantly increasing wit usage of data connection n' here drive.... :(
I didn't expect this phone to perform so well given the price tag is much lower than other smartphones. I would recommend my friends to buy this phone. The only drawback would be - you can't send videos n music files over whatsapp but i guess they'll sort that issue. The phone offers you endless options for customization from settings. Battery life is average if you don't manage the power settings well. Windows apps are just as great as Android ones so u may not be worried so much about the OS !! But Temple Run 2 isnt out yet for Lumia. The 5mp camera is also pretty much good. In one line, if price is the driving factor, you can surely go for this smooth operator !!
I dont like it as i was thinking about nokia and os windows 8. I like - color combination, windows 8 style, a clean and simple user interface. i dont like- Headset - a low quality headset that provide a poor music experience, Music player - there is only Next/previous option for a song and you can't forword/reverce. windows dont have equilizer option on music player, means they not support equializer. Zoom in Image - a single zoom option on image, Only to way home screen, i expected min. 5 like android. Ringtone - you can't set a song as your ringtone. you need to download a ringtone maker software, to make a ringtone of a song to set your ringtone. and few other thing. in my opinioun thi phone not deserve more then 3 star rating and more then 5k price tag.
Amazing windows phone by nokia ? cool design , great camera(nice in low light also) , amazing camera features ! IE is good option to browse net its smooth ,,, and it can play full hd videos smoothly that's awesome man! Battery is good ! Yes need file manager ? but value for money !!! Thanks nokia
Nokia had touch screen problems with its previous models - c5-03, now its coming back in the form of Lumia 520, - Windows OS is great but it do hung up at times - touch screen comes to a standstill often and key tend to press by itself. - customer care service responded asking a 20 days time for replacing touch scree. I had to know why Nokia dint make it a normal touch screen, who needs a super sensitive touch screen which doesnt work.Those who are planning to buy this mobile please read complete reviews. - the phone specifications and the os is good but the hardware (especially the touch screen) is an utter waste and u will end up in service centres soon enough repairing your mobile.
I have not purchased this phone from flipkart,still writing review so peoples looking for this will get help This is total waste of money if you are looking for smartphone. In this so called smartphone you cant attach multiple files to email.You dont have option to select attachemnt file while replying emails. For readinfg pdf files you need to download adobe reader from app store which dont have fit to screen (Text Reflow) function,only you can zoom in and zoom out ,not readable at all. File manager is not available in this phone nor in app store so you will not able to navigate through your phone and cant manage your files. Interface is worst,you dont have shortcut function to switch on bluetooth,wifi,audio profile,data connection etc.For these basic activities you need to go in settings. Android is much much better than this. Few good things are good sound for music and fast processing.Camera is Ok.
I have been using this phone for last six months and i am really satisfied with the phone performance.As i am a game lover and used to play high definition games,surprisingly no one would expect that any phone with this price tag will provide a smooth gaming performance however i bet, you never got disappointed while playing any game.It is working very smoothly without any lag. Overall i will give 4.5 out of 5 to this phone.So,my suggestion is if you are looking for a mid range phone,go with this phone and you will never regret. :-)
I owe my gratitude to the reviews posted here that helped me in selecting this mob.,my first smartphone .. I was very clear from the start dat I wont be buyin the usual old stuff in android that evrryone around me has these days.. n boy was I surprised!! A great piece of work with its fast processor n beautiful touch screen n all those sensors like the one dat lights on n off the screen while on a call.. Its fast to work at, even havinf an advanced windows 8 as compared to my lap's 7.0.. Initially had a dearth of applications but most of the routine apps are indeed available on nokia store n frre of cost... writing texts, making calls is fluidy.. supports all the pdf stuff, powerpoints, word docs. I being a movie junkie, m able to write n edit my movie reviews n upload them swiftly.. downloading songs thru nokia's free subscription is indeed a gr8 act from the company, n songs get downloaded at quite fast rate on 3g network... Some glitches include, no equalizer for the songs u r palying.. Poor battery life, sample this, I charged ot 2 100% before going to bed ,with battery saver on n after waking up after 8 hrs found indicator showing 100% but to my dismay, wen I turned off the battery saver mode n had only incoming watsapp texts n a lone 1 min. call, by evening battery was less than 50%.. I play games for 2 hrs n it drains like anything... Another major shortcoming is the vibration which will only vibrate with the first ring, n will go off leaving only sound as the incoming call indicator, I have missed many calls while biking !!! also net speed goes drastically down in areas of low network.. But in all , its a sleek phone with a good user interface n functionality n a welcome deviation from the world of androids.. Camera is decent during day hrs.Videos run nicely.. Recommended at a price of within 8000 with trusted name of nokia n with the company updating itself...
I fallen love with windows after using this mobile, good UI, nice tiles, very easy to operate. Outlook and Office really make the difference compare to any other phones. no need to break your head to configure mails or apps. Only problem I could see is camera. Since this phone don't have the flash, camera quality is very poor. If camera is not that important than go for this.
best product nokia has come out wid since n73, at this price range it z just the best. m using this since last 4 months nd no complains whatsoever, the battery backup cud hav been better.
Snapdragon s4 dual core processor in android would cost you more than 20k.. I own samsung galaxy note 2 and i am planning to buy this as a backup phone.. Snapdragon is the fastest processor out there
An excellent mid-range windows phone for day-to-day average user. Normal users won't feel deprived of android advantage as this window phone too provide all basic things including what's app. My piece sometimes switches off on its own, don't know why. Touch is excellent. Design is sleek, appearance is good and doesn't look like 8000 phone. Overall satisfied.
this mobile is awesome, its working fine i would love give 5 star but but only 3 bcoz the games/apps are limited, need to choose only which are available in the store.. please try to add more games/apps Mahesh
I have search in many show room but i find only in flipkart with the best price.. feel some wht to but in online its going to be duplicate. after getting the pack its well good pack with 3ply box and well safe.100# original and have the warranty copy with box. 2nd bumper case for my mobile and 3rd shoes and 4rth bag now 5th product rock from the flipkart delivery with in 36hr i have received the Nokia luma 520..look great that for the service flip.
Dual core processor with latest windows 8 OS provides excellent response with no lag. Has good internal storage of 8GB to install apps and games. The memory can be extended upto 64 GB. Go for it!!.
This is the best phone in 10K budget available in India without any doubts. Windows Phone 8 is very smooth, something that can only be experienced in high end Androids. There're more than enough apps for normal users. The quality of most of the apps is better than that found on Androids. The screen and camera quality could've been a little more better. Other than that, hardware and software wise this phone is worth every penny. To those who're experiencing OS related issues, just update the phone to GDR2/GDR3 and all your problems will be fixed and you'll also get orientation lock, quitting apps from the multitasking window etc.
i tell u.....NOTHING COMES CLOSE TO THE CLARITY OF THIS PHONE as compared to others.....speakers r very clear.....has the best speaker in its class with sound........................stay connected to fine apps everytime.........
flipkart did not provide an sd card along with this set... Hence when i had put my old sd card i could not access anything from it.... I had to format my sd card and go about it all over again.... thats the only negative I felt so far... A little disappointed from flipkart but the set is fine... it gives you what it claims...
its the best site for all of u friends who want to buy anything wt u want...at low price.......so don't b late b4 it too late 4 u....to buy....
I have been using this phone from 2+ weeks. Pros : 1. The responsive touch UI. 2. A very good performance even after multitasking and games. 3. Intuitive menus and options. 4. A better battery life 5. Offline HERE maps from Nokia. A better camera , more apps in the app store , a file manager would have made the phone more attractive. But if you have thought of buying this phone, go for it!
Coolest Phone I Have Ever Seen With, Awsome 1. Battery Backup 2. Display 3. Camera 4. Response Time 5. Soft-Apps 6. Gaming I Just F*******Y Love it :)
This is a awsome phone.I heartly request friends to go for Lumia.First its battery is awsome.It charged fully within 45min-1hr.But Samsumg/Micromax takes 2-3hrs.Its touch is excellent than Samsung or Sony.Though it has no flash,its camera is far better than other 5mp camera.
I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY WIFE ( NOT FROM FLIPKART ) SHE WAS USING HTC ONE V..SHE WAS FED UP WITH HTC..COZ IT HANGS AND RESTARTS FREQUENTLY.. PROS: 1. SUPER RESPONSIVE, NEVER HANGS 2. GOOD BATTERY BACKUP..GETTING ONE COMPLETE DAY WITH HEAVY USAGE 3. GOOD DISPLAY CONS: 1. CAMERA..ITS HAS NO FLASH..BUT IT GIVES PRETTY DECENT PICTURES WITH LIGHTS.
the mobile that was delivered to me was imported (factory unlocked) and hence the discounted price. so i took it to the nearest nokia priority center who then reinstalled Windows 8 OS of the phone free of cost and because the priority center copy of OS was original the phone worked properly thereafter. even i have had amber update on my phone so no issues with phone now.
Recently I bought this phone through flip kart. This is a good phone to start and try Windows Phones. I would say, this is clearly entry level device.. No doubt this device is value for money but there are several unexpected and surprising facts with this like NO equalizer on music player, It won't support campus & ring tone volume and music volume are same and many other things. it take sometime to understand the device. but Windows 8 is little tricky. but yes Nokia+Windows 8 may be good in higher model phones. For sure this is better than any 10K (Samsung) Android mobiles.
hey guys, phone is too good compared to other phone of same budget, but what i found was one cannot send contacts to other device by mark or all, you have to send single single contacts. They have to Provide a app "Contact Transfer" as given Lumia 710/720.
This is best smartphone you can get at this amazing price. Though there are not so many apps in windows store as compared to android's play store or iOS, yet this phone definitely fulfills the requirements of a smartphones. Got this phone within 3 days of order.
Its' best phone less than 10000 and best service by flipkart.. specially delivery time, i ordered the phone it just deliverd in 2 days.. Flip kart is the best site.. and great products.. Satisfied with the service
Overall a good phone for this price range(7000 INR - 8500 INR). A whole new experience with Windows 8. Pros:- Executive look and not so BIG size, Windows 8 suits best for the mobile phone, nice user interface, good camera in day light, good quality inbuit applications, well integrated with facebook etc. Cons:- Relatively limited apps, overhead in setting your favourite song as ringtone(u need to connect to a PC!), dedicated camera button is vulnerable when you open the back cover etc. Overall, I would rate this phone 7.5 out of 10.
Big screen, Cool interface(Just misses the clock tile after the Amber update), Totally smooth!! This phone is worth buying....This phone has cool looks and great performance(1gHz dual core). I gave it 4/5 because because the phone instructions weren't so easy and interface is kind of bland and annoying!! But I love this phone!!
Nokia ones again comes in picture with its cheap lumia phone. after its launch, still seating at 7 No. among all 30000+ cost phones. Good Speed, Display awe-sum, looks good... Cons- no flash light bt for Rs. 8500 value for money phone. Go for it.
First of all I should thank Flipkart for their fast delivery. I saved more than 1k by buying on flipkart and in addition they took only 1 day to deliver it. Pros: Awesome UI. Windows 8 perfectly fits for mobile. There are not many apps in the store but you can get all the basic apps in the Windows store. Camera is good enough. You can sync your office mail, whatsapp,wechat are also available. Browsing environment is fast enough. Nokia Music app is amazing. Cons: Poor Music Quality and horrible headphones. Basic versions of Samsung mobiles can produce better music. Else the phone would be awesome at this cost. Final Verdict: Very nice phone available at this cost. But could have been better if the quality of music was good.
First, wonderful delivery by Flipkart. Delivered it in one day! About the phone: The camera is awesome! I had used Ace earlier with the same 5 MP camera with flash. But, the camera here is fabulous! Add to it, the built-in photo enhancing softwares! Simply superb for the given price range! "Transfer my data" built-in app is really helpful to transfer contacts from Android phone. The concept of not allowing a lot of background applications is something that I have not seen in Android. Maybe that's the reason the phone is faster even with a 512 MB RAM. It has built-in excel templates for Mileage tracker and Budget planner, which will be synced with Skydrive. Creating playlists by connecting the phone to computer makes it very easy to create and organize music files
Its really good in 1 gaming 2 music 3 you can download the songs free and its legal 4 performance is quite good\ 5 value for money 6 very good camera Windows software is Fast , easy and user friendly.
1. Budget phone 2. Superb touch and clarity. 3.Dissapointed with the battery.....
I've been using this phone since two weeks now and I really like the user-interface, the pros and cons have already been described by others, so I would just say that this phone is really good. I really like it. Few issues like can't set passwords for messages and any other app, Temple Run lags sometimes, that's it. I never thought flipkart would bring this to me in just one and a half days. Hats off to their service. I really hate snapdeal, they kept me waiting for two weeks for this phone. So, I had enough with the patience and had to order it from flipkart.
i bought the phone through flipkart on NOV 4TH good delivery. NOTE: the head set kit is mentioned as " MADE IN VIETNAM" but i checked with Local suppliers in that it has mentioned as "MADE IN CHINA" . phone is very good i don need to write review.
it has all d features in it.... which any first smart phone buyer wants...!!! I have bought it and am very satisfied with it. It's 1ghz dual core processor makes it very fast and accurate. Coming to touch, it is excellent as if for a htc phone and am very satisfied with the touch. Now for apps who said it temple run doesn't work..??? Have u experienced it?? Guys i have played some of the best games on my nokia lumia 520 such as six guns,temple run,rail rush and they run very smoothly without any error or struck. I say if u r using the smart phone for the first time and ur budget is around 9K then u can defintely go for this.......
This is a good phone for those who are on budget constraints and are looking out for a branded phone with good features. Pros: 1. Good brand under 9K (unlike Androids where you need to compromise on brand if you want good performing set under 9K - I got it for 7K as part of Diwali deal from a different online retailer) 2. Great touch screen with good size and resolution 3. Great performance 4. Camera is also good (minus flash) 5. Cool looking interface 6. Great built - feels very sturdy and stylish in hands Cons: 1. No flash 2. No different sound profile settings for different media (phone call, games, alarm etc) 3. No file manager - sending attachments (apart from media files) via email does takes some guts If a person is coming from Android platform then he/she may miss out on above points that I mentioned as Cons but other users will simply like this super cool phone. Hopefully microsoft will take the above Cons into consideration for their next update (8.1)
In a nutshell: The phone is brilliant but the OS (Windows Phone 8) is just not upto the mark. There are some flaws and some common functions are non-intuitive . Now ill explain in great detail as to why: 1. After switching on the phone, the volume is set to 15/30 by default which is not loud and to hear incoming calls I have to remember to increase the volume to 30/30 everytime I switch on the phone. 2. Settings menu is very breif and the customization options are way too less as compared to android. Hell, I cant even change the ringtone without converting the file into .aac format and putting it in the ringtones folder using a PC. 3. Creating a simple playlist is so difficult and involves a series of steps that are non-intuitive. 4. On restart, the phone doesnt connect to wifi on its own after my home network has been saved. I have to delete the wifi network and re-enter the password. 5. Multi-tasking is bad and you cannot close apps inside the multi tasking interface. You have to go to the app and press the back button till the app closes. 6. The app that is used to sync the windows phone on windows is difficult to use (think iTunes). In Android it is so much easier. I would give the hardware of the phone a 5/5 because its durable, sturdy, stylish and comfortably smooth and big. The camera is nice and takes great shots in light. I would give the OS a 3/5 because its way too simple and fails at doing some basic things intuitively for a phone with such great hardware. My rating overall will be: 3/5 If you have a budget of Rs. 8k please consider android counterparts before you are really sure. Do let me know if this was helpful!
apart from others,one major drawback for me was FM.it doesn't have that....:( it has wi-fi connectivity issue for the secured connections. other than these.....it's a content more than its cost.... verdict:look for updated versions or go for slightly higher ending phones.... hope it'll help...:)
Nice Phone from Nokia on Windows OS. Got this delivered in time. All apps are working till now. Didn't hang. loading other stuffs also.
amazing functionalities like 3g, wifi, internet sharing, apps, nice windows 8 ui,good camera, great touch screen it's a killer technology combination of things at this price range nothing can beat it in this range.. got it at 8150
Never compare Nokia With any Panasonic phones.They not even worth it.the build quality,features in every way nokia is far better.
i have used symbian android blackberry os but i swicthed to windows i am using this product and i can say that why this is one of the best seller phone of lumia series. this phone has best UI as compared to other mobile.with so many windows app (also Xbox app) as this is windows phone it support many softwares that you use in a desktop also. that is it rhought is has only 8 Gb Ram many software get installed in internal memory only. its a drawback.
This phone is better than all the android phones available in this price segment. Android phones in the lower ends are good for nothing with each time showing you warning memory is full.Neither you get the flavour of android so what is the use of buying those phones?? This WP comes with 4.0 IPS display which is big plus,music quality is pretty good. windows 8 is as lucid it can be with no given lags. Even the camera is preety good than most of the phones priced 5k above than this. Coming to the build quality thumbs up to nokia as you get a great feel holding this device.The red one looks very good :)
firstclass mobile and flipkart is awesome got delivery in 24 hrs and the camera functions in the mobile are excellent
value for each pennyyyy i am bored of using android windows 8 user interface is very veryy good smart n fast processor cheers NOKIA.....
I got this mobile @ Rs. 7399/- (not from flipkart). It comes with the latest updates including Amber update that has has some fixes and radio. The call quality, build quality, screen quality, user interface, features are very good as compared to the price. Camera is also good. Magnetic sensor and camera flash is missing. Please go ahead and buy this one and you won't regret your decision a bit.
THE PHONE LOOKS AMAZINGLY GOOD .THE DISPLAY IS TOO BRILLIANT .U CAN SEE THE COLOURS EVEN IN DIRECT SUNLIGHT.THE TOUCH IS SUPER RESPONSIVE AND KEEPS U SATISFYING EVERY TIME.THE CAMERA IS ALSO GOOD AND EQUIPPED WITH SO MANY FEATURES.BUT THERE IS NO NAVIGATION WHILE A SONG IS PAYING AND U CAN'T SEE WHERE THE KEYS ARE AT NIGHT TIME.I THINK THIS IS A VERY BIG SISAPPONTMENT.ALSO THE INTERNET CONNECTION BECOMES NOT VERY FAST SOMETIMES .IT TAKES REPEATED ATTEMPTS TO GET INTO 3G MODE EVEN IN 3G RANGE .SO I GIVE IT 8 OUT OF 10.
i have been using it for 2 weeks.wonderful experience.if u want to buy just dont think twice go for it
i have been using this phone from last 5 month.... super experience without any second thought go for it...
Since i was using from 1month.There is no defects in this mobile but it must need some updates and add additional features.They are FileManager,RAM need increase to done fast more then now.
Well!!Nokia Lumia 520..It is a very much worth to price product I must say..It has a very edged and stylish look...It contains Windows 8 as OS..Not to fear with this OS...This is really neat and clean...Someone may feel difficulty to handle this one but nothing awkward...You can manage it..This phone comes with 1 GHz dual core processor and 512 MB Ram..That has a super speed....The best phone I would say in this 8k budget...
Pros 1) If you want to get a smartphone for a price of around 10K, get this. The only other good phone at this price is, I believe, Canvas(some model). Dont go for Samsung at all unless you are ready to shell out more than 30K. 2)All the basic features are good, battery life is decent. Initially I had an old router, and couldn't get a wifi connection. I thought it was a problem with the phone, but it wasn't. Now for some reason, bought a new one, and I am able to get a wireless connection here and other places as well. Cons 1)There seems to be a large scale manufacturing defect of the camera button. I have read other reviewers commenting about it as well. When I first bought the product it was fine, but later it used to behave erratically. It wouldn't turn on when pressed, and sometimes, it would turn on by itself when in the pocket. It took a number of pics randomly, which became irritating. Somehow, its not happening now. Im not pressing the camera button at all. I haven't gone to Nokia Care yet.
Best smartphone in this price. Better than android . Good battery back up Cons Music player need to improve it
battery life is good. camera and its app is awesome. with the exchange offer in place its an unbeatable phone at 7300rs. only problem is finding anything in windows 8..i mean its not very user friendly like an android but then android drains ur battery like anything
There is no need to explain why the Lumia 520 is easily the most VFM under 10k.Dual core cpu,smooth performance,great camera,Adreno 305 gpu,great looks and build quality,1080p video support,8gb inbuilt memory etc and most of all the trust and reliability of Nokia. As for Flipkart i placed my order on 29th Oct and received my Lumia 520 on 30th Oct.Good packaging and prompt delivery overall a good experience shopping from Flipkart. The only cons are lots of apps and games on Windows Store are paid whereas they are available for free on Android and a few other niggles with Windows 8 itself that everybody already knows by now. If you are able to put up with a few niggles with Windows 8 OS,the Lumia 520 is easily the best Smartphone under 10k.
IN nokia lumia 520 has only one problem there is no Led (flash).there are no flash light in nokia lumia 520.one one problem are in nokia lumia
Flipkart service is very nice..and their response towards customer is very much impressive Actually i bought Xperia L and it has internal memory problem after placing the order for replacement,Flipkart has delivered the order within 2days.
I have bought this phone 3 months before and I can say that this is a worth buy. Camera is really very awesome. Picture quality is far better than Samsung, Sony, HTC or any other brands in the market. Don't think that it is a windows phone then it is not good as mostly all the apps are available for windows phone also. You can directly download all the important application from Nokia store for free. After using this phone i can say that there is not even a single CON in this phone. And at this price it is definitely a bang for every buck you will spend on this phone.
Firstly, i must appreciate Flipkarts delivery. I received my piece 2 days before the scheduled delivery date. And the customer service is really really pleasing. Regarding the phone itself, it is not a GREAT phone, nor a POOR phone. I would say above average performance. What I liked about this phone is 1. The hardware performance - It's very smooth and fast. 2. The build quality of this phone is amazing. 3. The phone camera is excellent. Crystal clear snaps. 4. The User Interface - thanks to Windows 8. 5. The sound clarity is good. 6. Provides some well needed applications and features for average users. What could have been better is 1. The simplicity of turning some things ON/OFF. Novice users need to go all the way to the settings option to turn on the blue tooth, etc. 2. Also in this price range, an NFC feature would have been very helpfull. 3. And what I couldnt figure out myself was, how to change the ringtone to some custom music of our own (I am still in the process of discovering it). 4. No front cam. Otherwise, the phone beats many android phones in the same price range, in terms of speed, hardware performance and build quality.
I bought this phone as a rakhi gift for her, and its doing well. A good phone to buy in this range. Have every functionality that you ask for, but if you are thinking about pirated apps, sorry :(!!
Satisfied with the phone. Its worth the amount. Pros: Handy and convenient. Different exp compared to Android. Cons: Shortcut feature such as to turn on Mobile data/GPS On/Off are missing. However that the drawback of Windows OS. Volume Up/Down key doesn't work sometimes. U have to remove the cover and place it again. Sometimes Whatsapp closes after few minutes of usage.
Product is good.. excellent sensitive touch..! speed enough..easy to use.......apps are ok..! Camera is good..! no strucks... ! Battery is good.! Audio is good..!
Before buying a phone the requirements are to be fixed (e.g. screen size, camera, dual sim, OS etc.). Budget will depend on the requirement. Then short list phones within the budget among various brands. Compare the functionalities. This can be done in Flipkart. 5MP camera, dual core processor, 4inch screen, good battery backup etc. are some of the features which drew my attention to this phone. I had already used Lumia 720 and hence knew about Windows mobile. Immediate competitors for this phone are Sony Xperia E and Samsung galaxy Trend among the new arrivals in the same price range. Undoubtedly Lumia 520 has better features. Only feature these phones have which Lumia 520 does not is the dual sim option. If the brand is not a problem, there are some phones from Micromax which can be considered. I would give a 4.5 rating out of 5 for Lumia 520.
If u are damn adamant to buy a phone below 10000 then this is the one to buy.......... battery backup is 1 to 1.5 days........ its quite responsive and feels nice to hold on (black one)....... Has all basic features u can expect from a 10K phn.......... One thing missing though is File manager...... Also doesn't have Flash for camera......
Worth for the money but basic things are missing like FM radio , File manager & contact photo editor ..etc
I bought it for around 8k.... Was lil bit worried whether it'll be a genuine product... But after seeing the box unsealed i was very much satisfied... Just go for it... The phone is great and best ever smart phone under 10k... All major apps are available... This phone is not for geeks who play games... Its for Man... Not for Boys....
camera,battery,smooth screen are exallent but pls note that back upper portion heats up to much when we use it for 15 minute only 512 mb ram must consider while buying (pls go more ram)
THIS POINT IS VERY IMPORTANT, SO WE WANT THAT THIS FACILITY SHOLD PROVIDE IN THIS PHONE NOKIA LUMIA 520
This is a decent phone with some cool features and qualities . Panasonic has launched some cool offers in this diwali season.
Nokia ( currently accquired by Microsoft ) is new touch mobile which gives easy to handle . Main draw back is appstore . we can use only Nokia store app's only and it provide minimum amount needs to pay . Finally i have to mentioned sound clarity is good , but Battery is very low compared to peers in the same price tag..If you want to play more games and app's please avoid nokia lumia. Nokia 520 is an modest basic touch mobile..
price , look are normal as per price . Near about INR 8000 . as per my thinking , not much phone with this feature and style , yes Some HTC phones are there with this range and features .
I've been using my new Nokia Lumia 520 for about one week. I must say that it is worth every penny you pay. How do one expect high end performance from this phone when you pay only 8k or so? New windows OS is superb. Atleast it has got the new look. And all essential apps are already available and dont worry, soon windows will come up with new apps.( *Android also grew like that only* ) Camera is awesome for the price. But not comparable with iphone or other high end phone's camera. You miss a frontcamera and a flash. After all how many of us really use a front cam? Built quality is also good and the phone look nice on ur hand! If you are thinking of buying a phone under 10k, I would suggest Lumia 520 only. If you have more budget, go for Lumia 720
Nokia Lumia 520 is the Best Phone for Below 9000 INR, UI with Windows Phone 8 is Sexy, Performance is Nice and Mobile Look awesome , 5Mp Cam is Enough for this Cost , I Say this Is Best Budget Phone of the Year
I have been delivered 520 6 days back, from that day it used to get unexpected switch OFF and now its totally OFF. I couldn't ON, i have kept it for charging for more then 6hrs continuously. Don't know whats wrong this this piece particularly, since all the reviews i saw were positive.
when asked to friends which mob to buy........ you know, what response one gets. Against all odds, i thought of having hands on nokia with basic windows OS(520). used it for last 2 months, now i proudly say its the best buy under RS 11,000. pros: OS, camera, display, playback, speaker sound, net connectivity(best even if it is 2G) battery backup, touch sensitivity, slim design, apps store(geniun) and tones of goodness cons: low light photography, OS (not for every one, i mean it ) but the best,once you get acclimatise,nothing better than this. Hidden shortcuts(eg: deleting multiple msg). the verdict: simply the best...... stands out
its a very good phone at this price..apps in store are growing day by day. it has all essential apps that we need.
I am using this mobile over 3 month, the good thing about phone is very smooth UI, touch experience very good, you can watch Full HD(1080p) Video without any problem, camera quality is better than Samsung mobile, after amber update you get the FM radio SMS & Call filter, Best Thing About windows phone you can download app/game Setup(.Xap) file on PC & Later on install from SD card
not a good phone android is best no features like android no file manager no voice call recorder no video sharing plz dont buy
Got It in Exchange offer against old Nokia C3-01 4" Display 1 Ghz Processor 512 MB RAM Windows Phone 8 MS Office Suite & Lots of Nokia stuff In simple words it's reliable!! affordable!! & up-gradable!!
easily the best phone available in the market today , very much satisfied.I am sure this will boost Nokia's market
It is best product with in the range of 8K. Nokia is always good in hardware quality.People can face problem in operating Window 8. Over all good product.I bought it from Flip kart on price 7899.
I am not going to give you any technical information like others are giving. I think by this time evrybody in India knows about its features or even if they dont know the techhies have done their job in explaining it to them. Guys today I explored 4 stores. I was looking for an android phone from Samsung. I saw a number of phones in these stores. Earlier I was only looking at the samsung models but just then the store guy showed me the Lumia 520 phone. You wont believe, my heart said just go for it. The screen is scratchless, the design good, colour combination is smart and trust me the video clarity is much better then other phones in the similar range, plus a NOKIA TAG...you know what while i was looking at my nokia phone, just then another guy came there with a defected samsung phone that he bought a day before.Now i know that was a very big hint for me to go to my trustworthy NOKIA. people are going nuts for android without even knowing what NOKIA has to offer to them. Nokia we are with you. Cheers. :) this diwali i am gonna have one nokia for me again.
This is an excellent phone at such a price of 8000 rs,you wont get such a windows smart phone at such great price.Perfect gift for your dear ones. Pros- 1.Windows ios 2.smooth interface 3.quick internet cons- 1.not so good camera 2.no frontal cam 3.less quality games compared to android
superb.., ultimate cam,music, xbox gaming,4inch screen,good one from nokia ,its lowest prize friends, i recommend go for nokia....., you realy enjoy it.
It’s not a Smartphone. Windows has failed. The most boring OS ever. Windows OS lacks many features. Some of minus points of windows are- 1. There is no gallery option. It does not have file manager or file viewer. 2. You can only view photos and share, can’t add folders in photos. You can’t view properties of the pictures like size of the image or resolution of the image, etc. 3. In the music player too you can’t view the properties of the music files, you can only play, share via Bluetooth and delete. 4. You can’t send videos. You can only play and delete. 5. There is No good music and video player application in the app store. If you want play any video files you have to download from a wap site or connect it to your pc or laptop or receive via Bluetooth. Video files received by Bluetooth will be stored in Photos>Saved Pictures folder. You can share videos via Bluetooth from this folder. 6. No good internet browser for windows phone. Also it does not have opera mini support. 7. You cannot download any file which does not support your windows phone. 8. There’s no setting for screen orientation. On some screen on the phone you will not get landscape orientation, which is very much annoying. 9. App Store is very much boring. There are not much good games in the store. You have to a pay for most of them apps and games. 10. For ringtones you have to connect to pc and transfer a file to the ringtone folder or by ringtone apps. In the apps you have to select from the lists, and download. 11. No task manager. 12. In Nokia music store app, if you are downloading a song and the screen gets locked download stops. You have to unlock screen to resume download. You have to constantly touch the screen or increase the lock screen time. Some Good features are 1. Some of the Camera apps are good. 2. Touch is very good. 3. Music quality is very good. 4. Plays high quality videos. 5. Navigation apps are good. There are not many plus points against the negative points. I bought a windows phone few months back in the name of Nokia and now I don’t know what to do about it. So, think wisely.
I have been using this now for 3-4 days, its an awesome phone. nokia is always the best, also the windows os looka so clean and hassle free.
the only reason to buy this phone is that you are getting a complete value for money . i got this phone with an exchange with my older one and i paid around 7000 for this, and at 7000 you cannot get anything like lumia 520 about the phone . . screen in very bright, best in range i guess camera quality is also nice, however you are not getting flash and front camera but it is reasonable as you are paying 7000rs only. quality of music is OK, it is not so impressive . the touchscreen is very impressive, the responsiveness of screen is one of the best till i have ever seen. though there are some limitations regarding apps and games as windows app store is not so much rich as google play store or apple app store, but it is supposed to be improved in future. in the end if you have a tight budget and want a smartphone with performance, satisfaction and brand value as well then lumia 520 is a right choice for you .
nokia lumia 520 is the best phone which you will get in this price range.about the performane,i am fully satisfied.games such as temple run asphalt 7 works vey well in my phone with out any lag.the net speed is also very good,and for surfing the internet i reccommend u people to use uc browser which is better than internet explorer.coming to the camera,the camera on this is pretty good it shows good performance in low light conditions also.all these features are very good and i love my lumia 520. BUT...... the problem of this device is its battery.it is drainig.i played some game for about 10 minutes and the battery is down by 8 %.when we are using the internet the draining of battery is even bigger.for a man who just needs this phone for only calling then u can buy this but if u need 2 surf the internet or play games then i would say u should think twice........
nice choice one would say. One of the affordable mobile for all. But The offer am looking for is not here as expected by me. Panasonic is giving good pack of discounts.
First and foremost there's something to be noted about the network connection at 2G speeds with this phone, It works like a charm. My purpose with this phone is sufficed by having e-mails on the go, phone calls, MS Office, mobile Internet, Music, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, CamScanner, WhatsApp, OneNote and GPS... that's it. What it doesn't have: 450,000+apps, front facing camera, Flash, gorgeous display, Google Apps, And then I realized it's just a phone.
Bought this through flipkart, i have been using this phone for close to a week now. Good Rich & excellent user interface solid build sleek and good looking Good call clarity Camera is good for basic usage Not so good Battery!!!!!! It sucks...you need to have a charger at hand most of the time For anybody looking for a good basic smartphone with Windows as the OS, look at no other phone, because at this price nothing comes closer.....
nice phone it is.. windows is fast and fluid and runs without any lag.. camera is gud but led flash is missing! whatsapp works gr8 every aap works f9 pros win8 1 ghz dual core processor 512 mb ram sexy design cons- plasticky cam quality not good apps missing! a gud mob at this price range
it is much much much better than android it beats all android mobiles..great battery backup ..very good for games and all apps runs very smoothly..
I bought this phone just 3 months back and once when I tried opening the phone, the phone screen cracked. Ad the screen is not replaced @ warranty and you need to pay about Rs. 2500-3000 to get it replaced. When it broke, I googled and found that I was not the only one who faced this problem. Lots of screens have developed cracks and then are not responding to touch while opening the phone. Also the phone has a tendency to occasionally hang.
I had ordered lumia 520 on 15-Oct and received it on 16th itself. It is an amazing phone.At this price you cant really ask for more. After first week of usage I can strongly recommend this phone to the people who are looking for a 'paisa wasool' deal...A real value for money deal. Windows 8 gives great comfort and the new apps which you can easily download from the store really makes it even better. Now a days, you can get almost all the games/apps which you can get in Android. Played 'temple run' on it which runs very smooth,The touch screen is very responsive and adds to the gameplay. The memory is 512 MB, which could have been better but then again the pricing is not very high and till now whatever games i have tried out, run very smooth. Overall, a very good product at a very reasonable price.
I bought Nokia Lumia today and found below are the problems: 1.There is no option to Import other Nokia Phone Contacts. 2. There is no option to change its Screen Theme. 3. It always try to go online to Hotmail and Microsoft account. For people who dont have internet on their phone might be having big problem. Even who has internet on mobile unnecessary end up paying more to ISP. 4. Finding difficulties in Copying songs etc... Guys pls make sure that
This has been the best mobile of Nokia . Having used Blackberry and Samsung phones earlier , I feel Lumia 520 is better in terms of usage , battery life ...The touch screen has got the best sensitivity. In case you are planning for a touch screen mobile with budget 10k this is the ideal mobile thats available in the market..I had placed an order on flipkart & received it within 2 days
Thanks Flip kart my phone was delivered to me with in 3 days. packing was great no complaints what's so ever. this is very good phone best value for money all the features I need in budget price. My 2 friends already bought it after seeing mine.
Excellent delivery from Flipkart. I got this product in mere 15 Hrs. About Nokia 520. Yes you will definately take time to used to with its UI. Touch is awesome. You will feel like you are using any apple product. (No this is not too much you will definately feel this. :) ) Very much satisfied with this. Initially I was in confusion to choose between android and windows and finally choose Lumia 520 and now it has really given me a pleasure feeling. Go for it..... Bindas...Njoy. :)
If you are looking for a window phone at the most competent rate, Lumia 520 is the answer. One of the best product from Nokia with power packed features. Good product and there has been no complaint on the product. Packing was very good to ensure safety during shipment. Not a single flaw has been noticed so far. Price tag is the best to compete the market and you can be sure that this will not hole your pocket.
Delivery: fk rocks Product: HW and other specs seems fine where as OS and other system apps, navigation - MS never change. We should depend on MS eco-system totally which i feel is quite absurd.
Takes a lot of time to load. Phone gets restarted atleast 2 times a day. Hangs several times. No file manager option available you can't copy the downloaded files to your SD card of Computer it will be with your phone always! That's rubbish! Camera is good but flash lacks Windows 8 OS is not user friendly as compared to Android.. Android is much easier to use and manage and for mullti tasking android is the best.
I bought this from mobile store at 8k on 16 oct. white model. I was using bsnl 3g sim old one. they said it cant be be cut into micro sim and I cant reissue the sim. I was in great trouble. I bought the phone but I cant insert the sim. I went to sangetha then also said the same thing. I went to spice mobile center they also said it cant be cut. then a guy came from the store room and said he can cut but no guarantee. At last he cutted the sim and only the metal part is out and inserted in the phone.. and the signal came.. I was happy. Coming to the phone. its an awesome.. the lens features are not available in any other device which is unique about this. Pictures come good in daylight. offline maps are also good which help in data cost. its faster than android. I installed an software in my pc and from mobile I can control everything. even if I am far away from my system. live tiles are also makes it cool. and amber update is came with preinstalled..
The Lumia 520 is really awesome.. Lovers of Windows OS and looking for a budget phone there is no second option than Lumia 520. just go for it.. And Flipkart Guys.. You r just awesome in your delivery. This is my 9th shopping with you and still your service is outstanding..
hmm nice ph .. awesome fast delivery da problem of da ph is Bluetooth .. only pairs with nokia ph...!!!!!!!! :( but i m loving it still...!!!!!
20.8.2013 : Bought this from flipkart. This time I faced bad service from flipkart. Actually I ordered 7 Oct, they supposed to delver this on 11.oct (which I als wanted urgently by 11.oct) but later they postponed to 12..then 14....then finally I got this on 16. :( This made me disappointment. Now coming to Lumia 520 Window Phone, >> Price wise its a very good phone, moreover its Brand NOKIA, with no doubt one can expect better service after purchase. >> Phone form factor is Wonderful (I bought white color one, for this Green/Red panel if you fix it looks awesome) >> Like android phones, windows phone also has lots free downloadable apps. So no need to worry abt apps download. >> Happy with the display/touch etc >> Lock/unlock button/ volume control button and came click button placed on the right side edge are little uncomfortable to use until u get adjusted. >> Price is keep varying every often, please have cross check before placing the order. When I ordered, it was 8399, but when I got this phone, then checked in flipkart abt the present price, it reduced to 7999 :(.. now again its 8100 >> Accessories with box - Charger - OK :) Earphone-Low quality one :( DataCable - very short length :( >> Though its mentioned free shipping, flipkart (WS retail) is charging 100 bucks for the shipping charges :( >> Again its mentioned free EMI, but there is some charges. So...if you are looking for 8-9 K phone, you can go for this. 10.11.2013 : After a 2-3 weeks of usage, found one irritating bug, that is, most of the time volume key doesnt work for the songs downloaded through Nokia music. I could see many users are complaining on this issue. So those who uses phone for listening musics all the day.. advised not to go for Nokia Lumia 520 ... :(
The nokia lumia 520 is awsome phone in this price range.. people say that due to unavailabilty of flash its camera is not good but trust me guys the camera is pretty much good enough..owerall a great phone i do enjoy a lot with this phone it gives u a lively feel...pretty impressive way of showing headings..
1)most mobile have power button problem within few months only 2)nokia dont provide warranty if any minute scratch, damage happen to ur mobile,it simply says out of warranty 3)most times sound controls button shows volume tuning but simply sound does not reduced/increase ,need to restart
best phone under 10 k. If you are looking for a windows phone under 10k then go for lumia 520. I am using this phone for about 2 months . I found no problem and now the amber update is also available though nothing much is there for lumia 520.
I orders this phone after i lost my windows 6.5 mobile.. Believe me guys i don't even though once of buying any android phone which feel like lost in the crowd of android trying to make a difference And for this price of 7999 no way i am gona buy any other phone. Phone feels good. Its already have amber no need to update. ordered 3 prices all together with standard charter card and wating my 15 % cash back.. Love u flipkart. So after cash back it will cost me just 6800..what else should i say... Hurry grab the diwali offer
It's a excellent product. I really value for money. I bought this at a cheapest price from Flipkart. Excellent delivery time by flipkart. Now coming to the product, looking at the price range its great product. If any one of you looking the buy a new phone in this range then go for it. You get latest hardware and OS. and windows 8 is always a new experience to deal with. only draw back for the phone is no front camera and flash. but I guess looking at the price it is ok. Really a happy customer.
Its been a month since I bought the lumia 520. Each day i keep regretting about my decision. The few good things about the phone are: -Decent price -Good camera (when compared to other phones in this range) -Smooth UI Now let me tell you the bad things: -Occasionally hangs(even when no apps are running) -Cant share videos via bluetooth (maybe there's an app for it, but not default) -Battery life unpredictable (once it just when down 72% over night. Wifi & data connection were off. Another day it just went down from 100% to 96% in 10hrs. So its unpredictable) -Phone heats up often -Whatsapp is crap when compared to android version(u cant share music and video files) -Very often memory card doesnt show up( have to restart the phone every time to correct it) -Hate the music player(my older nokia 2690's was better) -doesnt play midi files as well as several video formats like mkv (no mxplayer for windows) -Windows app store needs no special mention :P -If u receive an audio recording via bluetooth from another phone, the file wouldnt show up anywhere in the phone (u cant retrieve the file in any way) -Facing problems with net connection regularly
I bought nokia lumia 520 through flipkart before a day on estimated date. Packing was horrible.......i could not expect that we can deliver phone like that, packing condition was horrible. About nokia phone: 4 inch screen with Very good resolution screen with Camera quality is not good and not bad. Touch sensitivity is good...........Internet Speed is Superb............. There is no lag while playing games. Overall Good phone under 10k ruppes.
Its new pricing really cought my attention and forced me to write a review. Althought I have brought this in 9300 from flipkart but still a gud buy. Hats up to flipkart's delivery it was really fast and feasible.
ok..i got the phone on 15th oct from flipkart. As a phone, it is visually very appealing and i wont waste time reviewing its processor speed, camera etc. i want potential buyers to know one major flaw. YOU CANNOT MANUALLY CONFIGURE YOUR WIFI SETTINGS. For example you cannot change the ip address,subnet mask etc. So, if your wifi connection requires the above mentioned parameters you CANNOT use wifi. in my case i have bsnl broadband. i am not able to use wifi at home and have to depend entirely on mobile data(which is slow and expensive). please keep this in mind before buying....other than this i find the phone very good. but what is the use??! its like having a ferrari but trying to drive on indian roads. If fellow lumia users have the some solution for this, i would be very grateful. i contacted microsoft customer care and even they said its not possible to manually configure wifi
The most affordable windows phone ever is best phone i ever had.... 5 MP camera,plays HD videos,beauty touch screen and best of all windows 8 OS... Lacks front camera and LED flash ..are onlt the cons but whatever it has is of best quality The phone is best you can get below 10k ..go for it Flipkart as always best....Delivered 1 day before estimated date...
Really smooth interface. Loving it. But loading apps takes some time.. But overall very good product. sound quality is good,
Brand and quality in 8-9k. Camera is big upset, no flash, 5 MP is useless. No Front camera is acceptable but no flash is something Nokia should think of. No high end apps support (no candy crush saga support :-)). Its an awesome phone if your phone usage is limited. Best and cheap !! Rated 4/5. Minus 1 for camera flash.
In low rate, lumia 520 is the best option. You can get every thing excluding flash light. Touch and look is awasome. I will sugest to buy it if you want to keep smart phone and save money.
I got the Amber update. All set now. All the basic apps are available for free in windows app store. No one can give such a good phone for this rate unless otherwise it is Nokia. Also, I got an extended warranty from Etechies which is valid after a year. So, no worries. Stay cool. If NFC and flash are there, then it would be even better but it is impossible for this budget. I am too happy with this product. Thanks to Flipkart.
It's really a worthy except it's battery.... bcs the battery dies soon....I received it within specified time.. The touch is superb, but u can't switch off the cell n charge...
I bought this product as a pre-order for Rs. 10,500 (with 8 Gb free Memory card). The product is good for internet surfing and Wi-fi connectivity. I face a peculiar issue with this device. The device loses SIM signal quality automatically every 3-4 days and I have to reboot the device to get it working again. In other mobiles like Samsung Grand, even if there is no network signal, you do not need to reboot the device and you will get the signal back and use your phone. So, overall my experience using Nokia Lumia 520 is not good and may be this is the reason price has fallen down as well.
Completely satisfied with the purchase, Go for 520 if you searching for a smartphone within 10K budget.
Nokia Lumia 520 is the best phone you can get for less than 10000/- Let me tell you this phone is officially the largest selling windows phone in the world. So you can imagine its power and value. It is buttery smooth to use and screen is flicking awesome. Let me tell you point by point Flipkart delivery- Awesome Screen- Awesome(400*800 resolution is best on 4 a 4 incher device) User interface- Very simple to use and innovative Screen touch- It is super sensitive, even use it with gloves in winter Camera- Very impressive for day time pics, bad for night because it lacks a flash Processor- 1 Ghz dual core Krait processor. Let me tell you do not compare it with Android honestly because windows OS is very light, so they do not require quad cor processors for a smooth experience, dual cores are more than enough to handle any task. Phone is very smooth even in hardcore multitasking. Memory- Internal memory itself is 8Gb which is enough if you are not a hardcore movie buff else you can extend it to 64 gb RAM- 512 Mb, as I said earlier, it is windows not android, so 512 mb is more than enough to handle everything. and at last if one is concerned about apps, every app you need in life is available on windows store for free. Do not go on number of apps, if you search any app you use generally on iOS or android, you will find it on windows also. Do not waste time in thinking so much, if you are planning to buy a phone under 10000/- this is the best choice for you.
I am used Lumia 520 from 5 to 6 months. I have no problem from my phone only one or two time hang in six months. It is not a problem it is common in phones. Lumia 520 have 1gh dual core processor and 512 mb of ram. Phones internal memory is 8gb but user used about 6 to 7 gb. phone display is very sensitive touch and big 4" . Lumia camera is also best photo quality and video recording is best. Video recording is HD at 720p is clear. But only in good light. The best of Lumia 520 is its battery backup is good from android. But only app are less available from android phones.but useful apps are available for this phone many new apps and games are come now. Many free games are available on this phone in 3D. phones specification:- Dual core processor 1GH 512 mb ram 4" display good battery backup 5 MP camera HD 720p video recording 3G, Wifi enabled 64GB expendable meory . . all over phone is good but about i am facing big problem is i am download you tube video in any software i am not able to send pc it is only possible when pc is Wifi enabled( you cannot send video from app by Bluetooth.). Second is i am never change rename picture. Third i am not able to manage my files because no file manager is available for window security reasons. You can access internet to pc by phone you need wifi enabled pc to connect by wifi hotspot( your phone can be used as wifi hotspot to share you internet to any wifi enabled phone you can connect maximum 8 phones to your Lumia 520). Ok i am facing these problem but not worry about these because about android is slow compared with Lumia phones only thing is many app are available in android. Its not mean windows phone have no apps. Many developer develop many app for Windows phone . I am using phone about six months and many new apps are comes for windows phone. i buy these phone because i need big display,ram 512, camera hd recording,good battery backup,1gh processor, GPS navigation,3G and wifi,and at low price. but at this price phone is best from others this phone can play hd videos in supported version. I play many favorite games in this phone. Many games are high graphics. I am tells you which i know about phone . It have Microsoft Office. From my view it is a good low price phone with good features. It have some disadvantages but i loving it.
not a bad phone for a first time smart phone buyer....couple things that cud irritate is no file manager permissions and easy ringtone setting feature...other than that, its ok!!!
dis is a nice phone .some people said that its not a good phone etc but who knw the real use they cn enjoy . like its fb feature u cn always o9 in fb and get msgs like sms u cn see who is o9 cn get newz feeds with wats new . video playing and recording r awsom . pic litbit good . heating problem r still dr .nokia asha 200 also have dis battry so batrry also a prob nokia music vry nice:)......
Nokia Lumia 520, i been using this for past three months, very good reliable phone at this price. Greatly miss flash at low light, camera is really good , less noise ans sharp images. overall good choice for windows users.
Initially i would like to thank flipkart for your wonderful service. The Lumia 520 completes the roll call for Nokia's second generation of Microsoft-powered smartphones. To be frank enough the phone is outstanding. Windows 8 looks awesome and vibrant. Touch sensitivity is remarkably high enough in 520 compared to other segment phones of this range or even higher.App store contains app which are needed for our daily usages.The battery is of lesser capacity,this happens only in the case of 24/7 on internet via WiFi or Data connection.On average use it stays for more than a day.Coming to the quality the phone is well built. As we all know about nokia's built quality, the phone is built well and looks slim and sleek with its design.It has got matte panel at its back, which probably avoids scratches at its back when kept on a table etc.On the whole the phone is really great with its features and with its price.If you are looking for a budget phone within 10k dont even think twice go for Nokia lumia 520.
delivery was good... reached in 6 days..Its a good value for money windows phone.. dont xpect too much from this .. just a budget phone with good camera and brand name .. battery discharges quickly in 3g and 2g whic is big minus since its 1440mah battery..
For me, this product is worth for money. You would not get these specification and looks in this range. I have not found any cons in this product. Excellent camera quality (as Nokia is poineer in this) even in low light or night mode, terrific sound, good processor, win 8 (with additional features). As it is windows phone so do not expect more apps as android has. I believe, the time has to make another revolution i.e. android to windows Windows is much better than android.
best configurations in this range... only because of flipkart offer. I was looking for sony products. but in this range I had to compromise with something like screen size, or any other. but on this product, no need to compromise........ windows8 is slightly uncomfortable to use, and many apps are not running. but the apps it supports are more than sufficient, only a few doesn't support which are pirated ones.. overall the best product by nokia after a long time. I lost hope from nokia in terms of features and configurations. so the best product...!!
A great product by Nokia with amazing features! Its totally worth its price and people who are planning to buy this please go ahead and you wont regret the decision u made! Speaking about flipkart, the service is very very good and reliable. If u r planning to buy a Nokia Lumia 520 via Flipkart,then u r going in the right direction! Cheers!
This nokia lumia gives the full value of money, Good display and performance,Nice camera Drawbacks: No equalizer on music player, There is no much apps available for windows
This phone has been in my possession for about a month now. I have to say Nokia outdid themselves with this offering. The touch is super smooth and super sensitive even if use a knife to scroll around (I have tried, :) ). The applications run without even the slightest hitch. Office productivity tools are pre-loaded in the phone, which is pretty cool if you ask me. The thing I really love is the Nokia offline navigation and Nokia Mix radio. I personally found the navigation system to be more comprehensive than Google maps. Windows app store is getting better by the minute, so don't make your decision to go for lagdroid just because of their app store. The camera is pretty good too. It lacks a flash, but more than makes up for it with the features. You can take amazing photographs in daylight or in slightly dark settings. The phone is beautiful, sleek and everything I could possibly ask for and more !. All for just rupees 9k. Go for it. You won't regret it.
Ideal phone for my use. I bought two in the family. Screen size of 4 inch suits as it slips in pocket easily. The tech spec comparision between android phones and windows phone isnt a true indicator as the platforms are different. Im good with the 512 MB RAM, my kid plays temple run with ease. For office use its perfect as its windows. After 3 months of use I ans entirely happy with the phone. Cons The cover doesnt fit perfectly sometime leading to the issue of camera button not functiong. Minor adjustments are required. Rest no significant negatives.
totally satisfied wit this handset. . . CONS :bit basic features r missing such as u cant turn off the auto rotation, no file manager and notification center. . PROS : 5mp cam wit HD recording, Dual core Qualcomm processor wit 512 mb ram same as in lumia 720 . . . close your eyes n go for it.. .
i like nokia lumia 520 because its battery backup and working speed it 's a better phone than nokia lumia 620 has additional freatures
battery backup is ok ok......and some tyms its touch dont work......otherwise it is a good there are less apps n games but they are gud
This phone is value for money at this price point.but major disadvantages: 1.Default browser is seriously lagging in speed. 2. Very limited market application for browser, only uc browser is available but basic functionality only.Not very good for browsing on 2G network. 3. Major disadvantages: No Wi-Fi sharing of the file with other device. No wifi direct.(Everytime you have to copy movies through PC only). 4. You have to kept video file in video folder only. If not done so then video player does not recognize the file also document should kept in document folder only.
i'm using this phone for last 3 months n here's my review... when i bought it i was really excited as it's my 1st phone and is really cool 1st lets look at it's pros:- 1.camera- adequate for 10k phone.it really shoots nicely in daylight and in low light(not much low light). 2.music quality is good and speakers are really loud. 3.display quality and touch is really better than any phone under 10k & in fact better than galaxy s duos 4.And of course- Maps ,maps and gps is really mind blowing, nokia HERE is better than maps provided in android phones & have lots of features. 5.Business feature-MS Office. 6.looks- it looks very sharp, classy and elegant too. cons:- 1.Battery-its the biggest drawback for this phone,using it continuosly for 4-5 hrs. will drain ur battery completely. 2.Store- not as much apps as in play store but the regular apps u need are available. So at last, if u want to buy it then just buy it b'coz it a complete package in 9k.
Frankly loved this phone for the price it comes! Good old days of Nokia are back for me! Extremely smooth and best part is the Nokia Music application! A full 5 stars - bang for the buck phone!
Good mobile in this range. Window mobile having almost all the future that having in android. It will take time to understand windows once u learn u like it too as android... not the best but good mobile.... Windows need to develops more futures in windows...
Nokia Lumia 520 is best phone in low price category. i am an Advocate at High Court and i am personally using this product. Nokia lumia 520 touch gives u iPhone touch experience, but one thing is not good in window phone that is mostly good applications are payable like app store. Lumia 520 available with update version Lumia amber, with radio so that u can search your city radio stations. Lumia 520 processor is very fast in compare of Samsung android. Lumia 520 black color is best in compare of all colors, black is forever color which will never go from market. Lumia 520 screen size and structure give u royal handset feeling. Lumia 520 battery backup is not so good during use of internet service, so that always keep the brightness in low mode. In Lumia 520 u cant change the IP address of WiFi connection, so many time your internet doesn't work in WiFi. Lumia 520 doesn't connect with Nokia PC suit,so that u have to download ringtones and wallpaper direct through PC. Lumia 520 camera quality is good in light, and very poor in dark places because there is no flash. Lumia 520 gives u new features where u can block unwanted call and sms. if you want to charge the battery of your Lumia 520 during swtich off , you will unable because whenever you plug in the charger this phone automatically start up just like iphone. In summary i would like to say that i give 3 stars to this, and it is best phone in low price so that youth can go with lumia 520, One more thing that Nokia service is always best and customer have all right if they are not satisfied with service. Negative thing that interesting games are payble..u have to loose ur wallet Now come to the Service of Flipkart service of flipkart is really very nice. I placed an order for Nokia Lumia 520 through this site and I got my order with in expected time, means within 3 days...now enjoying new experience with window phone..very good packing...and brand new seal pack handset..this was my first experience of flipkart and this site keep my faith...thank you.. Saurabh Narain Advocate, High Court, Lucknow Bench Lucknow
CONs: * The phone is getting heated very frequently (while you play games for even 10 minutes) * Not much quality apps in windows store * No Front camera (you cant expect it at this price and that too for a windows 8 phone) * Main camera quality is not so good. (in low light) * Interface gets bored soon. PROs: * Looks great (without any external pouch or flip cover) * Some paid games are amazing (I bought Asphalt Heat 7. thats very nice except heating) * Touch sensitivity is really good. * Each exchangeable cover make it look like a new phone (500/- each) * 1GHz Dual Core at this price
You can not sent a video through WhatsApp using Lumia 520. Also, there is no option to share videos through Bluetooth. Its a very big disadvantage. There is no option to set background image as there are tiles on the screen.
I bought the phone without using it much. I ve heard about the phone's response and reviews. Then I ordered my Lumia through Flipkart. Its such a power packed device in such a lowest price. The only thing that would have added to Lumia 520 was NFC sharing, ie, tap and sending option.Also they could have added a built in flash. Otherwise I would have given it 5/5 in the ratings. The camera apps comes along with the device and those are made available in Nokia store makes the phone few steps higher. As I was not so interested in using android phones and I was used to qwerty I was shy on buying a touchscreen phone. Then I heard a lot about Lumia through adds and on youtube. It's such a wonderful device comes with a lots of features. The battery life is much similar as that on the android phones of the same class. If you are up for a journey and plan to take some photos, music, gaming etc.... you have to carry the charger with you. But keep in mind, this device don't let you down. I mean after all these things, the phone will be having a fair amount of power for convenience. But for further use you have to charge it. So far I 've completed 2 updates. But the updated are little bit awkward on some areas like maps, apps list etc... Considering my opinion, 5 of my friends bought Nokia lumia 520. Its just amazing..
perfect in this range just 1 con no extra video players rest great win 8 os id extremely smooth great camera from nokia
Good Parts ->excellent touch screen ->excellent sound quality -> excellent working ->excellent view ->excellent connectivity features ->g8t apps ---------------------------------------------- Bad Parts -> You cannot turn off auto rotate ,hence this annoys on bed -> gud apps are not free ,you need to pay for them -> camera quality is not so good ,pictures gets blurred and pixel bursts on zooming -> You cannot rename your device's bluetooth's name over all a g8t phone ,what else do you need at this price>???
First of all delivery was great ordered on satrurday and recieved on monday.. Now on product side.. its a beautiful piece .looking great...features wise its good...processing speed is good.... camera was not that gud..little disappointed... headphones provided with the phone should be in ear that could be gud.. Most Of the important thing it comes with trust of Nokia. but don't know that whether Microsoft will be able to retain the same trust or not..
Bought nokia lumia 520 for around 7500 by returning my old nokia 5233.... have been a month and since now no issues....perfectly working....battery performance increased by amber update.....very fast,responsive and better than any android phones in its price range....for 8k its a real killer deal... not even a single con on nokia hardware except a little heating while playing games like temple run for a long time but cools very fast and every phone in the world heats while playing games... * the processor is very fast and fluid while loading apps,and playing games * also full 1080p videos can be played (trust me not a single 8k phone(sony,samsung,lg) could run a 1080p divix,xvid,avi and mp4 formats a this killer(mkv does not support but player apps are available in market)...pls dont compare this phone with karbonn,micromaxx or lava......nokia is always a trusted brand... * has the gaming specs(Adreno 305 gpu) same processor and gpu runs on the xperia m but MS has most games in trail versions and many high end games like asphalt 7 heat,NFS hot pursuite are payable.....but many free games are available like AE motor bike game,shuriken ninja,temple run, dreed vs zombies.....jus google nokia 520 gaming in you tube there are many games available... * camera is very good in outdoors, and day light better in indoors ...can record 720p videos directly from the mobile....which is also not availble in most of the phones....also nokia has many superb camera apps like smart shoot,panorama,glam me,ets google nokia camera apps you ll find full details about it.... * internet is very fast in WiFi and good in 2G.....havent tested 3g....but do you guys know that nokia lumia 520 supports upto 4G (flipkart please update the info in contents only 3G is provided by your discreption)...not a single 8k phones has this spec * finally the Display is charm to eyes...superb display quality (not even samsung s duos can match with this phone) the OS needs a lot of improvements....small bugs are present like in the music player and mkv support but MS has assured that all will be fixed by the next update Windows phone Blue update.........by january ---march 2014 for all wp8... :)) Over all the i would recommend this mobile for any one who wants a new,lag free and fresh windows phone 8 experience,with great 1080p video play back, 5MP camera with 720p video recording and smart cam apps,8gb internal memory 64gb expandable memory(m-SD card),windows office 2013 integration,support upto 4G network (21mbps),and much more..............All for a price in between 8k-9k...if budget is tight buy this and you wont get disappointed at all.....
#LCD IPS display , touch is very smooth , as mentioned in specs its works even with a gloves. #Most of the apps needed for an average user is available free in the windows market and the app market is still growing. #Build quality of the phone is the best in 10k range. #Call quality is good. #Camera is good in day light or in well lighted areas.This is an expected behaviour as there is no flash. #Battery back up ok(last for 1.5 days) for average usage. #Ms Office( word/ excel) comes as an inbuilt app ,as these apps are from Microsoft.
I simply love it. If you want an awesome smartphone on a budget, then go for this one. And not Android, coz Android sucks at anything less than a quad core with at least a Adreno 320gpu. And trust me, contrary to popular belief and the myths created by stupid Android fanboys, Windows Phone 8 has app. Plenty of them. Go for it!
Best phone in it's Range. Best Touch, Best Screen Quality also comes with Scratch proof. Best Camera result (Photo + Video awesome quality) Support's all of video format to play. Good looking design. Don't think for any other product to compare with it just go for it.
i owned an android ( lagroid) tab which i gifted to somebody, and bought this. seriously windows 8 is butter. the only problem is space and the fact that apps cant be installed from 3rd party and cant be installed or transferred to the sd card. nokia , if you guys out there are listening ---- we can and will shell out extra cash for a 16 gn or say 32 gb internal memory. please dont disappoint us
Been using it for around 3 months, i have also tried to do a stress test to check if the phone hangs and i was not able to succeed. Yes, the silky smooth UI ensures that you get the best performance in this price range. This is the best smartphone that you can get within the 10k price range. Pros: Looks (Does not look like a 10k smartphone, has a premium feel) Performance (Never lags or hangs, suitable for heavy app users) Cons: Camera is a big let down, can take good quality pictures only in daylight. (i was not a big camera freak so it was a not a problem for me ) Verdict: Go for it !
Recently I took this for my brother and I myself am using 720. I wont be writing a review about specs as this phone has already established itself as a best seller but would like to share few things which are not commonly known. 1. Screenshot: Press the power and windows key simultaneously to have a snapshot of the screen no matter in which app your phone is.. The snapshot would be saved to a folder named "screenshots" in pictures hub 2. Don't overdo apps on your start screen; e.g. all the apps which are related to pictures, photo editing, camera can be accessed through pictures hub. A start screen with minimal number of apps looks decent. Just simulate your usage and do accordingly. 3. To reboot device, press and hold the lower volume key and power key simultaneously for 5 seconds. 4. Toast notifications not only wake ur screen up but tapping on a toast notification automatically unlock ur phone and takes u to that app to which the toast notification belongs.. Also, if you are doing something important on your phone, e.g. reading a book, toast notification can seem distraction to you.. So if you dont want it to stay on the top of your screen even for seconds, just slide it to right and it will be disappeared 5. If your music has an embedded picture of the artist, you can choose for that picture to be shown on your lockscreen instead of your default wallpaper. You can set this on in Settings >> Lock Screen >> Show Artist When Playing Music.. If your music doesn't have artist's picture embedded, you can use an app "MPATool" to do so. Its available free on Store.
This is one of the master piece designed by Nokia at such a low price. Lumia 520 operates very smoothly and I love this phone very much. Great battery backup for normal usage. Unlimited free download of music for lifetime. I suggest every first time buyer of a smart phone to go for this. I tried the maps and navigation and it just works great. Its voice navigation works perfect on every single turn. Maps are available offline and can be used without any data connection. Big Android fans will be disappointed with this phone.
520 has best camera in this range of phones I have been using 520 for 3 months there is lack of apps and game for windows 8 u may get bored after some time
Pros 1. Qualcomm dual core processor(equal to cortex A15) 2. GPU is great 3. IPS LCD screen(screen is better than high end galaxy grand phones) 4.High quality videos can be played directly without converting(samsung and sony phones in the range of 15000 can't do this) 5.Windows phone has better interface than android Cons 1. Games and apps are limited(though most of the important apps are available)
A pretty good phone. Contrary to the belief, Windows 8 OS is user friendly. I find it quite interesting than Android. This phone is worth the buy. Full marks to Flipkart delivery.
Lumia 520, one of the best SMARTPHONE currently in the market with excellent features provided with 5 MP camera gave me excellent snaps, & with wi fi connection ,,,it's AUSUM the phone with superb connectivity & as well as feature of WHATSAPP, amazing.
Got it 4 months back, at the lowest price in the market. Going good till now. Nice phone. Nice offer. Thanks flipkart.
I have purchased this mob for my father..For FM radio Amber update is ( 220 MB) required. OS has clean look. Flash is not available....but photo , call quality is good.
Relatively Very very fast phone than any other same budget android phone.... I am only facing problem with its screen lock button... After 4 months the lock button is not responding...
Just one word for this phone - "EXCELLENT". Due to Symbian OS of Nokia, its market was ruined. As it has launched Windows OS including the latest features, I think its market will come to its own value again. No other brand gives such an awesome phone at this price. Some people think that Windows OS doesn't support apps like Android but they are wrong. They can download apps similar to Android from "www.windowsphone.com". Its doesn't have some apps because they are fake and makes our phone run slowly. This site only contains the apps which are real and are genuine. All the apps are first checked by Apple and Microsoft, then it is launched in the market. It is very easy to play games like "Temple Run", "Asphalt 5" etc. These type of games run very fluently in the phone without any hang like Android. I purchased it more than a month before and had installed above 30 apps in it but speed of the phone was not affected at all. I suggest everyone to buy this phone, u will not regret...! ;)
Lumia 520 - It is not a good choice at this price. Very plasticy feel, windows OS has no file manager, you cannot arrange your contacts without internet connectivity and hotmail account, Editing phone contact number is also very frustrating as soft-key pad has no arrow keys, Nokia PC suits did not connect Lumia 520. Very disappointing. Yes, touch screen response is good. Web browsing speed is also good. Overall, I will not recommend any windows phone until windows mobile OS gets more maturity in terms of user friendliness
Purchased this phone from flipkart, delivery,packaging,phone was gud. But i missed checking on the nokia music subscription time limit for 520, which is only for 3 months. If you are not much bothered on music subscription you can definitely go for it.
This is indeed the perfect Budget mobile. This is by far better than any other budget android phone of this range. This phone will not get slow, get the work done, perfect Business phone. Have purchased 5 of these from Flipkart to Give it to my employees.
Awesome Phone and Great Service by Flipkart. I don't think there is any other smartphone phone in this range that is even close to this. Totally Satisfied with the first 3 weeks of usage.
I bought a Lumia 520 in Sep. There are a couple of problems which have been existent in general for the Lumia 520. 1. It keeps getting switched off by itself due to some problem in the orientation of the battery . 2. The Nokia Music app doesn't allow me to register for the service and even after a couple of complaint calls to Nokia, the issue hasn't been resolved. I enjoy using the phone very much. Just would be really glad if the above 2 issues weren't there.
nokia lumia 520 is the best windows phone available at this price range..!! no second thoughts..! just GO FOR IT...!
Pros : - · Thinner than expected and feels good in hands · Camera does a good job, a lot of innovative lenses to choose from. · Silky smooth UI which never hangs · Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on Cons:- · Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present. · No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation.
camera quality exllent with flash and touch is very capacitive ,,, i used this phone very comfortable in our hands, basically windows 8 very fast os , nwt apps is super
The phone is gud but it has limited use considering comparison with oder softwares like android and ios. Battery is poor. Phone's hardware is 10 on 10... but windows software need improvement.
Windows 8 is surely now gaining market share..Thanks Nokia Lumia 520 and 720..In its price range, this is the best phone both in terms of performance and look...Just loved it...I bought it, and after me, my brother and cousins have bought it too
this product all the features i was looking in my smartphone, a good camera(5MP) with HD recording, super sensitive touch, and that looks good on hand. If you are looking a mid range smartphone, then this is the phone
Its the best budget phone.Nice look and very soft as like butter.Its going popular nowadays only for Windows phone 8 os. That's all...
I bought this phone three days ago and the windows phone 8 experience has been amazing. Comparing to other phones in the price range, this phone provides the best features and specs. A brief summary : Pros : 1- A big screen (4") with good resolution and variant colors 2- The 5 mp camera gives good quality pictures and superb editing features[i recommend you to download Photofunia for more editing options 3- It supports HD videos and the video camera can record 720p videos 4- Only fools will say that are are very less apps in windows store. The store has enough apps and games to satisfy your needs. Plus windows store has its every app checked for viruses so you dont need to install an antivirus 5- I have tried games like temple run, angry birds : star wars 2, dredd vs zombies and nfs hot pursuit. All these games work smoothly without any lag. 6- There is 8gb internal memory plus you can insert a 64gb memory card to increase the memory. 7- Unlike windows phone 7 and 7.5, windows phone 8 users can share files via bluetooth 8- The battery backup is good[ it lasts for one full day with moderate use of apps and games on 3G network 9- The back panel is changeable and for those whose get bored by one color can switch the back panel color to red, cyan, yellow, black or white Cons: 1- There is no front camera and flash with the rear camera[STILL THE IMAGE QUALITY IS AWESOME] 2- Some games[actually very few} require 1gb ram to be played 3- Whatsapp users cannot send music and video files to others[recorded files can be sent] this was the biggest con Before buying this phone I had checked all the phones in this range and found nokia lumia 520 to be the best buy. This was a honest review by a true owner of this phone.
Seller has delivered the product in 4 days through ekart. I am very happy about the packaging and shipment. Questions: -> Available memory is 4.7 GB. I don't know why. +ve : -> Touch is good. -> This phone is very fast as well. Buy it if you want a very good phone at cheaper price! :)
I have used android, ios and now I'm currently using windows and i have to tell its lovely, there is of course room for improvement like a mysteriously growing 'other' file and not many apps. But the phone looks smart, good camera, i love the music store and the windows 8 home screen. Its worth its price and something hard to get in other os' at this price.
owesome phone with owesom price very good camra and features sound is awesome .....display is awesome no hang or lag good multitasker.........
This phone is really amazing for the price they have put on for it. For this brand this mobile would be a revolution to Windows phones..:)
I recently switched from android to windows...After seeing lot of good reviews about windows 8 i thought of buying this ...the phone is fast smooth without any doubt....but windows or nokia or microsoft (confusion) need to travel a lot ....its not about comparison between ios/androis/windows....its about basics... Windows 8 is confusing but it has some good features too...and i must say windows has great future ( its Windows - microsoft) Pros - 1) fast , smooth as silk 2) good camera apps (do we really need it...if you are good photographer or want to learn photography buy SLR ) 3) email app is better than Android (no idea why android/ goole can't make a good email app for official use) 4) good 3G speed (Read good reviews about 4g network too in other countries...nokia.Microsoft is gooing to stay ) 5) Here Maps ( Offline Maps good and acurate even android has sygic -map my india ...but paid) 6) People App from windows...its good but still need lot of improvement 7) screen layout (it looks kool and you can design tiles too) 8) browsing speed /app Cons 1) Facebook app needs lot of improvement ...(no notification---are you serious Windows/Nokia) 2) All good games are Paid and basic app are also not free (i am not gaming person but sometimes you got to do something to kill time) 3) Truecaller doesn't work (which is very important as everybody receives lot of unwanted calls these days) 4) battery life is not more than 12 hours with 3g 5) NO YOUTUBE ( google has removed this service from nokia ...as read some reviews that windows earlier youtube app was better than android youtube app) 6) heating issue 7) filmsy,low Plastic quality ( i wont say cheap because it is better than any android phone in this range) 8) no flash (nokia could provide flash with 5mp camera ) 9) Music Player is not good ( no audio setting- may be with new update it can be added) 10) Bit of feminine Design ( i felt somehow) 11) no SD card usage (it has slot but for no use ...you can take backup of apps and also there is no file manager in it.) 12) Earphone quality is bad I wanted to rate 2 but the phone has almost zero lag...+1 star for the same.... Microsoft/Nokia will be back for sure in mobile World.....windows Phone problem is not app, Its basic features and hardware quality and Developers within the company ........But one good thing if you have Windows phone in your hand it means you are associated with one Brand which is Nokia (used to be no1 brand ).......But with android you cant figure out the brand of the other person phone...( it could Samsung , LG, Panasonic, Sony OR LAVA , Tava , Micromax-garibo ka samsung, USHA , celkon -virat kohli ad remember, Karbonn -carbon copy of all phones, informtic, simtronics, Bajaj ke phone saloon saal chale, 2 speaker wale 4 speaker wale or 6 inch 5.5 inch (as if phone ki screen ki nahi koi or baat ho rahi ho) Or bhi bahut hain just go to all brands phone in any ecommerce site you would die laughing .......
I don't think its a gr8 product, just dat at this price its OK. One suggestion for all buy it only from WS Retail as they have a policy of DIGI FLIP which is nice. I bought it from a different retailer , my phone hangs quite a bit but cant help it as it wasn't bought fom WS Retail. Overall the product is OK, a little bit of hanging and whatsapp malfunctioned ignored.
The Most Economic Windows phone ,,,,,, With Impressive Performance,,,, Itz a big fortune to have such a smartphone at this price,,, :) :D
U will never get d same features and nokia promise for this price.the features will be equivalent to Samsung 20k smartphone(expect screen size).budget smartphone buyers will be 200% satisfied with this mobile.and also after amber update from nokia,performance is much better than before.520 fills smartphone needs perfectly.go for it then,u will not buy 20k,30k smartphones......
it's been almost a month & a half i have been using Lumia 520. its the best simply. windows OS has done what others only say they have. let me tell u that i have used Android & have loved it until i tried windows phone 8. the interface is butter smooth, applications open & close at a flash (there are phone u says its not fast..well they must have been using the phone on one hand & a stopcock on the other ...its fast as per requirement), the camera is simply brilliant it gave low light photography a new meaning with i guess lack in both the other OS, updates a big issue with android most phone still date run on 2.3,4.0,4.1.....& most of the company wont upgrade ur OS but u will receive upgrade on windows phone 8 OS. there is a problem with the app market many people say but let me ask u have tried all the apps in play store or apple store????? on top of that most of the apps there will not work in India so what the use of having hundreds of apps. windows market place have all the apps required & they are also updating the list at a rapid pace. the phone is simply great to use the size is just perfect to use one handed. You get around 4.5 gb out of GB in the phone & u can add SD up to 64GB. It also comes with office 2013 free for a lifetime. A super sensitive touch screen which is great to use. In all its a great phone to use really loved it thank you microsoft & nokia for the great phone...
Everything is fine. Rating Hardware:-5 Display:-5 Processing speed:-5 Camera:-4.5 Sound:-5 Battery:-3.8 Operating system wise windows is not at all praise worthy. If you are ready to be in the boundaries of windows this phone is the best one. secondary camera and flash is a limitation. But otherwise its a fabulous phone... Select white color. Black is not so cute with this
Its one of the best value for money windows 8 mobile. Its for those who wanna have a hands-on-experience of windows 8 on mobile.Else than this the pros and cons: PROS: 5MP Camera a good camera. Good Responsive Capacitive Touchscreen. Value For Money. Different Colours. Windows 8 itself. Battery Life. CONS: Rarely Hangs where you have no other option than to take out the battery off your cell phone and put it back in. No Flash. ConClusion: Its a good windows 8 phone.
Writing review after using this phone from last 2 months and now updating with Amber. This is an amazing phone from Nokia with a low price-tag. You won't get these features in any other phones at same price. I have never experienced any lag or any restart since I am using it. Here are some pros and cons: Pros: 1) Awesome IPS display with vibrant colors. 2) Looks very descent and slim. 3) Good battery backup(a bit less if used in 3G mode but dats common with all smartphones) 4) Easily plays Full HD videos even Xperia L having 1gb ram and 16.5k price lags on full hd videos. 5) Plenty of apps available in store you don't need any more. 6) After Amber update my phone has got much more faster and I've got Radio too. 7) Blazing speed of 3g and got bluetooth 4.0 after Amber update. 8) Sensitive touch. Cons: 1) No Equalizer support(I use Lumia 720 Headphones so no need of it they work great) 2) No secondary camera(No big issue I have one more phone but I have hardly used its sec. camera) 3) Headphones u get with this phone are worst. Haters please don't compare this phone with Iphone or any other high-end phones. If you love android then stay away from this.
advantages: good look, sensitive,new window 8 platform, disadvantages: camera ,no flash... purchased in flipkart ...while purchasing satus showed monday delivery.. but 3 days before(friday) i got .... thank u flipkart ...
Great One,no internal or external problems,internet speed is very fast.display size is 4.0.which is best to carry,charge quality is only problem,But all are best www.3rd.in
Pros Window Os 4 inch wonderful display Active Tiles X box Store Nokia Music Pros life is too short to write pros
Bought Yesterday at Rs. 8575/- Its a value for money product. Net sharing is very good(data consumes more while sharing) 512 ram is good,we will not feel any insufficiency.Processor also good performance.Very good display and touch.Camera OK, No flash.At this price we will not get a better product.Also the hardware of nokia is better than samsung.
1 storage . thnks good due to its win8 we wot sd card slot .. other wise we will screwed .. bcoz the on bored 8 gb memery.. ffill rapidly aur u start surfing and other stuff.. and app are no move able to sd card.. 2. bettary life as all smart phone of today time have 1 or 2 day life ... on the motherage us age the battary cansume 5 % per hour so only one or 1/2 day is the life which ok...' 3 . hard to remove back cover and battery casing..
Best hardware in this price segment. Pr: 5mp 1ghz dual core. Cons: No Flash Front Camera 1430mAh Battery
Best smartphone for this price range. Have been using it from 3 months and got the Amber recently by which I have got radio too now which isn't included in the product specification. Wait for Diwali and buy this mobile from Nokia store with an exchange offer and get it just for 7,500/-. Check the Nokia site for valid mobile models to exchange.
Windows phone is one of the best and simplest operating systems ever.This is not windows 7 OS this is windows 8 OS and all at an affordable price.There are only 2 disadvantages that is there is no front camera and a flash.The phone is very fast and all in all a very good buy I recommend this to everyone.
This is the best phone ever available with price range below 9000. Touch is awesome, screen quality is great, not available in any phone within this price range. Experiencing from last 6 months - it's simply best in class and wonderful. None of the android phone have better performance with 512 MB of ram with 1GHZ processor where internal memory supported is 8GB with 32GB as expandable. High quality Videos run smoothly. Internet experience is great. Music quality is good. Installed almost 20 apps where 14 are internet based apps but in-spite of that there is no performance degradation noticed which is common in Android phone.
I bought this phone in May 2013 (not from Flipkart) and I was initially very very happy with the phone and its superb features at such a low price. Now, after a few months of usage, here are the major things I notice: 1. the touch sensitivity is still superb. No issues regarding that 2. the phone sometimes turns off by itself when we use it. That happened to me many times while sending important emails and is a nuisance. 3. I use WhatsApp very frequently and many times the chat history is cleared by itself when you try to read previous messages. 4. While using apps like WhatsApp, Temple Run etc, the phone sometimes reverts to the home screen by itself and that becomes very irritating after a while. 5. Battery (1430mAh) sucks. it gets over within 8-10 hours. Given all this, I would say still say that this phone is amazing, but if you can, go for a higher priced one which has features like flash and front camera. Edit: I've been using this phone for a year now, and the new Whatsapp updates fixed the message history bug. The battery still sucks, and the the phone has stopped crashing. A decent buy at this price. And very very sturdy. Go for it :D
A perfect combination of Nokia & Windows 8. Fast & Fluid, Light & Easy. With Win 8 on laptop and phone as well its one experience on different hardware. One Design - Different Machine.
I have purchased Nokia Lumia 520 last week Phone is really awesome If you have budget of 10000 then it's a best phone available in market Pros looking stylish touch is so nice many apps support even Temple run also can change color panel Cons no led Flesh so pics not good in dim light otherwise camera is good ear phone little slow otherwise phone is really nice one...great job Nokia....
i bought this phone couple of months back...in nutshell, i would say it is value for money...windows 8 OS is pretty good...better than android in similar range....hardware is good too...phone is sleek...screen has good HD resolution...
Nokia Lumia 520 is a best buy mobile for the price tag. The camera gives good quality images, sound clarity is fantastic, user interface awesome and its endless practical apps makes you to FALL in LOVE with this mobile. When I got it, people asked me a question frequently 'does it hangs?'. My answer is NO!! If you are planning to buy u are taking the right decision. Regards Happy User
I got this phone for my daughter's 16th b'day, she was using a Nokia C5-3 which she'd got three years ago and was falling apart. This was the first windows I was getting, and after reading the positive reviews decided to get it for her. Firstly got this really awesome price of ₹8890/- incl an extended warranty. Using the phone was very easy. Was able to do all the setting, without as much looking at the owners manual. Finally got all the contacts, messages and other details shifted to the 520 and had one very pleased girl on her birthday.
I strongly recommended. Low cost smartphone. The Device is perfect and working fine. One Year warranty extended offer is perfect.
Excellent Mobile in the price range of 10,000. Top performance for price Neat design Excellent value Flipkart has delivered this in two days flat.. Great Service
I bought this phone last month. It is a complete value for money. Pros:- - Apps works fine - LinkedIn, WhatsApp, Gmail, Facebook. All of them. - Live tiles makes your phone lively. - Phonebook management, texting, calling etc are smooth. - Simple screens and usages without too much complexities. Cons:- - Music playlist management isn't that great. Overall, you will get every penny out of it.
Product received with seal tampered - Worst seller Dealsbox Received headset is not the color specified during the order To lodge complaint for flipkart with the seller takes 72 hours post which the action would take In total, wastage of more than 2 weeks to receive the requested order Would like to rate 0 but unfortunately no option here
It is a real fourth grade phone. Nokia used to be known for rugged design, but Lumia series is most fragile. It is badly designed hand set, while opening back cover you are likely to break the screen, and the replacement of screen at Nokia will cost you 50% of the cost of the hand set.
forget all the reviews this nokia lumia 520 is a great phone and much much much much better than these faltu android phones, just go and buy this phone. goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
this is my verdict for my new baby nokia lumia 520(yellow yellow, a funky fellow) :) It looks cool, not run of a mill ..If u really wana experience a superb user experience then go for it guys. I bought Sony experia J last year november , it made me so mad bcoz of it always hanging nature, i couldnt even dial a number in that phone, so i thought of giving a try for Lumia and after using it i must say this is a phone for Genx.. Its soo smooth . Superb.. But it comes with few cons 1. No front Camera 2. No flash But otherwise its "Makkhan"..
So I had the Samsung S3 before I decided to switch back to a Windows phone. Simply because Android got boring. And I wanted something smaller, cheaper and basically simpler. With a budget of about 8k I was hunting for a good phone. And then I chanced upon the Lumia 520! I got it from Flipkart for 8.8k which was about 1.5k cheaper than what retailers are offering outside (eg. Croma). For that, kudos Flipkart! The phone was delivered in about 4 days, which is good. Packaging etc was good and up to Flipkart standards (which are very high). The phone is great, Windows 8 is absolutely fluid. I had the Windows Mango 7.5 earlier and much of its problems are gone with the WP8 operating system - which is a good thing. The phone feels just right in your hands - not like those gigantic 5 inch plus phones that need both hands to hold a phone. This phone doesn't feel cheap - the nice rubbery back panel ensures that. What I do recommend is getting a matte finish screen guard asap because this is not Gorilla glass and attracts a lot of fingerprints. No lag in the phone whatsoever. Best features are the Nokai HERE maps and navigation and also the lifetime free Nokia music subscription which allows you to listen AND download FULL songs for FREE. All you need is a Nokia account which takes like a minute to set up. I'd really like to see Apple and Android beat this offering from Nokia! This is not a HD screen and coming from the S3's beautiful HD display it feels a bit "unattractive", but then the display is in a good-to-great range. And for most people looking for phones in the sub-10k range, this screen will not disappoint. The dual-core processor is efficient and responds well. Touch is super-sensitive. 512MB RAM does not feel less - it works just fine for this phone and the OS! Negatives are the lack of a basic equalizer in music, the extremely short USB cable, and the headset (get a better headset if you're a music person). Overall, this is a 5 out of 5 phone for me. Highly recommended!
I've been using Nokia Lumia 520 for 3 months and i am amazed by the hardware and software qualities of this handset. Window Phone 8 OS simply rocks!!! Almost all necessary apps that are there for iOS and Android, are available for Windows Phone 8 also. Camera quality is better than any other mobile in this price range. Audio Quality is also decent. The camera apps which are by default installed for 520 are just awesome and is fun to use them. I will suggest buying this phone to anyone who is having a budget of up to 10k Rs. This product is what we call real value for money unlike those ever lagging and hanging android handsets. But in this price one of these three things should've been there: 1. Flash 2. Front Camera 3. Dolby Audio But these are not big deal for me. I am happy with my all the available features of this mobile.
(Note : i wont compare with iOS cause we are talking about below 25K smartphones) Well guys....its really is time to let u all know some cool features about WP8....so i will give you some proved comparisons about this WP8 OS with the much in-market Android OS which will surely kill the myth surrounding the Lumia series and other Windows phones...1stly...on Operating System : Windows is the most stable OS than any other in the history of operating systems. It is simpler to use and a candy to the eye. It is totally something different to use. And WP8 did just that, and lived up to its name of Windows and made some really cool easy to use smartphones..which are so powerful that no other OS even comes in comparison with it. Android on the other hand is also quite simpler in case of User friendliness with notification panel. But its main problem is with its lagging. lagging always makes a smartphone less user friendly..which is not the case of WP8. 2ndly...Apps Market : Yes 1 thing i just gotta admit. Android market is much more vast than Windows apps market almost (700,000 apps in android and 150,000 apps in windows)..but C'mon windows is quite new in market..and it will start to grow rapidly. And besides you wont download all those 700,000 apps in an android device..hardly 30 apps will be there in your phone..and windows app market provides all the necessary apps required for you. Moreover, in android market, Google takes the apps from the developers and provides them with some bucks, and releases them in the apps market without even checking for errors and bugs. And thats why 99% of android apps comes FREE...and makes your phone damn slow..so it starts to lag..in a word they are heavy RAM eaters...and full of bugs...BUT, in Windows market..the apps go through a tough bug checking process (debugging process)..and if it fails the checking process..the apps are not released ..and so Windows apps are costly and are PAID.. and lastly...Windows comes with some great featres (in Nokia Lumia series) mainly..HERE maps and HERE Drive....which provides offline maps..and offline navigation...which is a total punch in the face for android OS....Google maps ar pretty slow...and takes a lot of time to load up....plus at this price range of 9K to 10K Nokia lumia 520 has a ppi density of 233ppi which is the best than all Samsung and Sony devices at this price..else they are either over priced or has a low ppi density (if at this price range). Camera again is a stunning 5MP camera..with fantastic low light photography..again you will get 3MP with samsung and sony for this price..and for higher MP cam you gotta add extra 3000+ ...and lt me tell you guys..this new METRO tiles UI is simply taking the world with a big WOW...and its battery backup it amazing...again kudos to Nokia for its fantastic battery backup...we love you Nokia.. (and please people dont even bring Micromax here...cause they provide the worst customer care service...but it will change with time im sure about it:-) ) Many of you will think i'm an ardent Windows phone believer and preacher...nothing like that...I myself am using Lumia 520..after using Galaxy Pocket, Micromax Ninja and Galaxy S duos(upgraded to Jelly bean 4.1.1) ..and i'm overjoyed with my Lumia 520..cause of its no lag peformance..... :-)
feeling great :) Good Voice clarity. Good Camera quality. But taking pictures in low light is a problem as there is no led flash. Very good touch response. Cons: Mobile gets heated pretty soon during browsing and playing games, which makes it feel uncomfortable
Pros: Good Voice clarity. Good Camera quality. But taking pictures in low light is a problem as there is no led flash. Very good touch response. Cons: Mobile gets heated pretty soon during browsing and playing games, which makes it feel uncomfortable. Lack of some useful apps, that was present in Android.
I bought this smartphone at an affordable price from Flipkart and I really liked my decision. It is a cool and funky phone that comes with great features and most importantly a dual core processor. It is light in weight and except for a disappointment in the camera section (5 MP without flash), this smartphone has everything to lure you, especially if you are looking at a budget smartphone with all latest features and not biased to a particular mobile operating system.
Windows phone...so many complications,so difficult to use,not user friendly as compared too android bla bla... Criusly haters its time to stop criticizing nd to use t... Its just awesum...user friendly,fast,awesum apps,camera no words..no flash is an issue..bt still...no words...NOKIA ..u r jst awesum...we will miss u surely but till date the products u have given too us ..we are really owe u a great debt...thank you NOKIA... luv this phone...i was a samsung galaxy y android user...now i seriously feel like hating it.
it's amaging phone for a profetional user bcz of a all exel nd wordpad type work is available in one hand .... i m so feel good after using a lumia phone.....!!!!!!!!!!!!
guys if u r budget is 9000 den go for it..do not think so much..it is value for money product...this phone have all the features forget abt android................ ..................... ...........good phone all features loaded phone
All....for this product Nokia has announced Amber update in India. When I bought this phone, I was compromising on FM radio as this model did not have one. With Amber update, the FM is active...Also few other features got added. So Lumia 520 rocks at this price range...
After reading all reviews from FK bought this phone yesterday. Man the W8 Os is awesome and the metro UI is stunning. The LAF of the device is best of all Lumiaz. Totally surprised with the battery backup,more than 12hrs talktime with 1430 mAh - a Nokia best. Considering the price and segment, Display is good. Yes there are only limited apps..but enough for normal internet user The only segment which needs improvement is the Audio. The quality of the sound and the quality of the plastic(used in headset) is very poor. You Nokians..please improve it. Rated 4 (-1 for poor audio quality).
Don't go for this ,if u r ready to spend around 15k. nOt worth, poor sound!!! cheap plastic & No preinstalll Game.....sAD...I'm .really regretting now.....:-( Last but not the least , it's not worth. even a penny.....
Purchased this product a month ago and following are my observations: UI is buttery smooth, very fast with no lags. The tile interface takes some getting used to but surely looks modern and different. The hardware such as the processor is great, especially considering windows 8 OS which does not require too much resource to run. 512 mb RAM sounds less but on W8 it's more than enough. The build quality is definitely the best in class with sleek, stylish frame and interchangeable back covers. With a matt finish at the back it is comfortable to hold and not a finger print magnet. Surely looks like a much premium product. The headsets provided are a pain and necessitate a replacement. Nokia Music is perhaps the best amongst all nokia apps. You would love it if you are a music lover. Great value for money overall. BUT STAY AWAY IF YOU ARE A GAMER. At present there is a severe lack of decent games and apps on W8 platform. Though the hardware is capable of running good HD games, the lack of such games is frustrating and could really kill the product despite being a superb device. Due to this limitation rating it 4 stars, else the phone itself deserves a fifer.
Really cool smart phone for the awesome price, only sad thing is, it doesn't have camera flash, rest of the things are really good. And lovely windows 8 OS
Great Product from Nokia. Definitely value for money. I bought a Lumia 620 before doing enough study, but on second chance bought a 520 for sis. Buy 520 instead of 620. You are not loosing anything important.
The Average Mobile Lumia 520 is decently priced by Nokia. I am not much satisfied this phone due to its sale yourself brand. This is OK handset from nokia with tight budget price tag of 8.5k. All of features and build quality is good for what u pay and what u get? There were lots of myths (mostly are true) of this mobile phone as I reviewed in many websites and this will creates a lot of mysterious merits and demerits of this phone. So I exchange my new nokia 520 to Micromax canvas from open mobile market. Nokia still makes a confusion around smartphone users although it is a super popular brand, they try to prepare a famous "BIRBAL KHICHDI" in their kitchen to serve consumers.
Excellent phone Light weight , rigid body and excellent display , no battery issues. Nokia built quality is as expected (read excellent) A total value for money phone. A total value for money phone. A total value for money phone. A total value for money phone. A total value for money phone.
I have got this phone from flipkart for 8990 rupees which makes a sense but there are lot of problems in it even though it is a dual core phone it shutdowns eventually and those tiles become very large some times which we can see half part of the screen
Pros: (Well there are loads of pros but some of the features which I found useful) - Windows 8(Needless to say...astounding user interface) - Bluetooth sharing to any device. - 1GHz Processor - Free 7GB skydrive cloud storage Cons: - No file exprorer(huge depression). - No flash in camera.
I am very much impressed with the Nokia Lumia 520 moble. Very user friendly UI. Good Performance and great design. Quick delivery by FlipKart, order the phone at 5PM and got it 11 AM in the next day morning. Cons: There is No Flash
I have bought this phone yesterday. I liked it very much. Pros: Touch is superb Navigation is excellent Browsing,Downloading speed is really good with 2g. Also i was able to share the internet and use it to browse on my tab. Voice clarity is good. I was able to play temple run with out lag. Did not find any lag while using the phone till now. Did not find network problem. Cons: No FM No Front camera No Flash Overall its worthy phone to buy, looking at the performance and internet speed. And the looks of it. Necessary apps are available in app store.
the best phone i have used till date. All the eccentric features made it more classy. The processor is very good and on top of all, the camera just makes u forget everything. The camera is superb. The only setback is the phone gets hot really fast and being a NOKIA, the battery back up should have been better. If you use your phone for a long time, then before going to bed you have to put it in charge. Nokia could have surely done better in this prospect. Anyways, the phone is really good and it is worth acquiring if you want to experience a windows phone in a low budget. Once the phone comes to your hand, you tend to forget all the glitches about it. And yes, FLIPKART service is simply superb. Very much trustworthy ....!!!!
IMPRESSED!!! Quite a few shortcomings, but will live with it. Worth the price, I believe. Note: May be I didn't know how to do the few things I have complained below. Screen/UI: After using Android for a long time, Windows UI is"refreshing" Animations are nice.(Gets boring after a while, any OS for that matter) Response is AMAZING. Hope it stays the same after 3 months. Typing, suggestion is precise. Live tiles are ok. Once you make them the smallest size, they are nothing but homescreen icons as in Andorid/iOS No hardware button I could configure to end a call (So much used to the power button in Android phones) No font & size customization Phone: Loud and clear Call log is very basic. Can't filter by dialled, incoming, missed. Can't batch delete. SMS: Slick, fast. Lacks a few features like locking messages, batch deletion within the same thread Contacts: Importing contacts from Google was painless. But doesn't import all the contact numbers (had 5 numbers) within a contact. Have to figure out why those were missed. Emails: Integrates well with my work Exchange server, Google mail, Hotmail. Mails open faster Internet/Browsing: Everything feels normal. No issues faced so far Screen: Highly reflective, hard to view in sunlight. Games: Can't comment Apps: Lock Manager Free, NDTV, Bing news...
Flip kart is always good in delivery section and this time they also proved that again. The only problem with this phone is power backup, it's worst, otherwise this is the best one within 9k. Win 8 is good and look is much better.
Whatever they promised, they provided in this phone. I have 1 minor bug to report(although quite irritating) - sms and calls history are in no order. If only this could be solved, it is best phone in 10k. Edited Text : I went to the Nokia care and they solved it in 30 mins. It's a minor defect found in some lumia 520 phones.
This is the first time I'm using a Windows phone & I'm loving it :D The display is just superb & the touch is very responsive The OS is Windows 8 & it works like a charm....... Although many people say you won't find good apps or games for Windows phone in the store, that's completely wrong, u're gonna find many great ones...... Although there are a few cons like the battery backup isn't very good if u use net for a long time, the phone gets quite heated up while paying games & there is no file manager. In my experience, an Android phone is much more user friendly than a Windows phone, but I like this one much better. I'd definitely recommend 520 for people to whom user friendliness isn't any issue & with a 10k budget, as it's got a ton of features at a very reasonable price.
Previously I was using samsung Omnia W. I love Windows mobile that's why I wanted to buy the LUMIA phones and this phone was the only one within my budget. Flipkart delivery was great, received before the expected time, but the packaging could have been better. Well I will not say good or bad, I will just jot down my experience with this phone. 1. The looks is very good. 2. The windows 8 software is much more better than the Windows 7.8 OS. 3. Bluetooth works perfectly ok. Which was not there in my Omnia. 4. On daily basis - With more than an hour of web surfing, more than an hour of music listening, more than 5 mail accounts configured to get update every alternate hour, NO gaming, more than an hour of calling, 30 minutes of news paper reading using news apps, almost whole day chatting using Hike,We chat and WhatsApp, Display kept at low level and no other apps either than mail are using the data all the time, I get an good battery backup of 15-17 hours if not more. 5. Charging time from 30% to 100% is less than 1 hr. 6. I have more than 40 apps installed still no lagging in performance. 7. Only once or twice I have seen that the call do not end and remains in "call ending" status until the phone is rebooted. 8. The display is good but definitely not the best. 9. The speaker sound is good. 10. Camera performance is OK. 11. size and weight of the phone is perfect. With a better budjet I would have opted for Lumia 720 but this one is no less than a perfect buy for me.
Since the day I have got the Nokia Lumia 520 I have been addicted to it. There isn’t a moment I can spend without my phone because it is just so awesome. Whatever I do, my phone totally supports me. They say there is no friend as loyal as a book; I say there is no friend as loyal as the Nokia Lumia 520. With the Live Tiles and People Hub features, I can keep updating my Facebook profile. All my friends are in constant touch with me and I simply never feel lonely. My favourite apps are right on my home screen and I can use them whenever I want. Not just that, my Nokia Lumia 520 works consistently all day without interruption thanks to a dual-core 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 'Krait' mobile processor with an Adreno 225 graphics chip and 512 GB RAM. My Nokia Lumia 520’s unibody polycarbonate design gives the phone a sleek and sexy look along with durability. The biggest addiction of the phone is due to its amazing 5 MP camera. The PureView camera technology gives my snaps excellent clarity and the optical image stabilization feature eliminates blurring. I just can’t take my eyes off the Lumia 520’s 4 inch LCD touchscreen display that is integrated with PureMotion HD+ technology. My Nokia Lumia 520 has the best display and allows me to view and edit MS Office and PDF files. Web pages display quickly without jerkiness and HD games like Asphalt 7 Heatwork perfectly well too. All credit goes to the super-sensitive screen that enables me to flip through pages at a soft touch! Another reason why I’m addicted to my new phone is the Nokia Maps and Nokia Drive features. I’m a very adventurous, outdoorsy person who loves to go on long camps and drives. The Nokia Lumia 520’s features offer turn-by-turn navigation that lets me travel carefree! I can have fun and forget worrying about the roads. All this travelling can be done while I listen to my favourite songs via Nokia Music. 8 GB on-board storage is enough for my favourite songs and videos. Music is handled by the 'Music + Videos' app and it's a solid player. I can filter my music by album, song or artist - which in each case will come up with an alphabetical list of my stored music complete with album images if I choose to sort by album. I can also find all of your music from a specific genre and create playlists. It's easy to navigate and use, though does little to stand out from any other music player. When I play music, some music controls appear on my lockscreen, letting me easily pause or skip track. My Nokia Lumia is equipped with all the latest data-transfer features. I do not need my laptop anymore thanks to my new phone. Wi-Fi, WLAN and Bluetooth that are supported by my phone help me stay connected. I can transfer data with such ease now and even download stuff from the internet on my phone with support for 3G and LTE services. The battery does not drain out faster even when the phone supports so many apps!
I was confused earlier to go for Lumia 520 or some indian brand android phone as I had budget issues. I read the reviews and decided to go for 520. Pros: 1. Cheap 2. Except some high end gaming (temple run-- it doesn't run smoothly) all basic apps work -- thats gr8 btw 3. Doesn't hangs 4. Attractive design 5. I love the tile based interface -- customisable Cons: 1. When browsing/gaming for long hours battery may drain quickly -- but hey isn't it problem with every smartphone 2. Apps Apps & Apps 3. No front facing camera means no video calling over Skype - but again this is under 9k and totally justified. I use my laptop for video calling anyways. PS - Got confused between 620 and 520 too but then I realised that design wise 520 is better and also less priced
I watch the movie in the nokia lumia 520...the battery work only for 1-2 hours .........the battery of this phone is worst......only 1430map...and the quality of camera in the night is worst...the photo clicked in the night is very bad........................................................................................................
i got lumia 520 and i just glad to say that i'm so lucky... bcos its really amazing phone ... really its all specifications and all that things are suitable with this price... i think if u want to buy a phone near a budget of 10,000/-rs than and than u have to definitely buy this phone... i'm totally satisfied with this phone...
nly defect in this phone is that ,if any application is in process sometimes it suddenly closes ,but its a soopeer phone .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ .............................................................................................
Hi Guys, have purchased this product on 03rd and received the same in excellent condition on 07th. Thanks to Flipkart. Nice packing. About the phone. The phone as mentioned in other reviews is very awesome. Touch is superb, lots and lots of Apps to download, Games collection is good. Net speed, if otherwise good from backend, works very good. Pining of Apps, Games, contacts etc on the main screen makes easily accessible. It's really nice phone to hold in hand. Thanks for reading.
that model the lumia 520 is etraordinary avrage baget smartphone in now.that gadget was fabulase.that have magnificant future.and i m realy very like that phone.whitch mean 4'ips display, 1 ghz dule core procesur, 512 mb ram, 8 gb internal and via sd card expandable is 64gb. the net speed suport is very fast that other smart phone at that prize. hey frendz dont compare that phone with s duos and xpiria e.
Hi Guys, have purchased this product on 03rd and received the same in excellent condition on 07th. Thanks to Flipcart. Nice packing. About the phone. The phone as mentioned in other reviews is very awesome. Touch is superb, lots and lots of apps to download, Games collection is good. Net speed, if otherwise good from backend, works very good. Pining of Apps, Games, contacts etc on the main screen makes easily accessible. Now few of the Cons that I have observed in two days use: Battery life is on little lower level, fully charged battery worked just 5 hours with gaming. It takes around 3 hours to charge completely. Few games lags little bit - just give a pause to a game in between after 1 hour non stop playing. Otherwise all the apps etc works perfect. Contacts picture doesn't come up when calling is done but shows in contacts. My 3000 phone shows the picture of the person I am calling. It's really nice phone to hold in hand. Thanks for reading.
There is the BIG question. 620 or 520? Let's see what you get by investing 3.5k more:- #Nokia Clear Black Screen ie, Extra Bright Screen to be readable Under sun, and with deep black, it gives better experience. #Front Facing VGA camera for Video calling needs #LED flash #Magnetometer (compass) sensor to use apps like Here Maps, Here City Lens, ets which uses compass to fing your location, and its really necessary if you gonna use Maps a lot
I have used android for over 3 years before switching over to Windows. The excellent features of the phone are its design, look and feel and camera, Nokia music, People Hub, Me card & games. There are issues of random reboot, non-availability of apps, availability of apps but features greatly reduced than whats available in Android. Not much time left for Microsoft to upgrade apps or loose the prospective customers Overall a decent phone with a price tag of 9000(around) for people who like a phone for call, message, music, photo and staying connected and gaming.
After reading all the positive reviews here, I thought its a great phone and bought it. Though it is not as fun as androids, still it looked a decent buy for Rs 10k. After 3 months, the power stopped working completely!!! Visited Nokia care in Basavanagudi, Bangalore where they refused to repair it under warranty stating that it is my fault and because of the usage switch has broken. How on earth one can use the mobile but not use the power switch? Only Nokia should answer for making such CHEAP parts cheating customers. Nokia care kept my mobile for one month as they did not had the part to replace, Finally I got my mobile back after paying Rs 500 for repair. In the meantime I had bought a new Xperia M for my use and did not bother to use the Lumia. After a month I tried using it, power button had stopped working!!! Again I visited Nokia care. They finally accepted that there is a problem with 520's power button design and told me that some new switch has come and they will replace it. I refused to pay for it. Finally they did some patch up and gave the handset back to me. Now it works at times and some times doesn''t. I have given up wasting my time on it and decided that I will never buy a Nokia product in my life again!!!
awesome phone with a gud speed and processing... nice build quality..awesome touch.. cool features... overall a very excellent windows phone under this price... adequate 8 gb internal memory... cons-no flash and front camera..but picture comes gud... instead of these a lovely phone..no doubt go for it ...a good windows phone with a affordable price.. :)
Bored of Android? Get this one. But yeah, you might find some features missing after using Android, but this has its own speciality! You will love the display and the smooth interface. Waiting for windows apps.. Hope we will soon get free apps.
I was quite confused while purchasing this phone because it wasn't android and I heard that windows phone doesn't have much apps. But Microsoft store offered me all necessary and useful app that android can offer moreover they were properly working, what it lacks is games because most of the games are for purchase and not free. But in this range if you buy any other phone like Galaxy S duos you can't play games on them either because they have single core cpu and adreno 200 GPU compared to Adreno 305 GPU in the lumia 520. Games like temple run play very smooth on the lumia 520 + it can play hd videos out of the box, which Galaxy S duos can't. Not to mention it records video on 720 p which Galaxy S duos can't. Dual core CPU has its benefits , I have used this for 1 month now and I have 0 lag issues Literally 0. The camera quality is extremely good in daylight imaging but its disappointing indoors.Recording videos indoor is also bad as it does not have flash. The OS anyway is not user friendly. It is very complex and lacks many features which you start to feel after few days of usage. Eg:- There is no file manager. On the whole definitely better than Galaxy S duos and a value for money. But you will get bored soon from this phone.
Yes! this one is better than older lumia. But can't never beat android. Of course lot of improvement in windows 8. But still have to compete jelly bean which is far better. Nokia hardware always good but the problem is with windows. No games, less apps. But okay for girls as camera is decent outdoor only. For sure I still love nokia and hope it will come with its own OS.
the very first thing, phone is 500 cheaper at nokia store, which was a big let down as far as prices are concerned from flipkart. display 5/5 touch 5/5 looks 5/5 operating sys user friendly 5/5 updates 5/5 camera in day light 5/5 camera in night 1/5, no flash no front facing camera battery 2/5, drains out in 8 -10 hours of extensive use, calls and net very limited apps 1/5 facebook and other google services 2/5 as compared to android windows services 5/5 all paid**** in nut shell very good hardware, very good os, very poor app support
Good Phone to buy... I have been using this phone from 4 months, working perfect. Picture quality is Good. Sound Quality is Good. Speech app is very Nice. All apps in store are secured and good quality.
The volume will go on max mode while listening to MP3 songs and when we increase/decrease the volume.it will be fixed only after rebooting the phone , my 18 visists to Nokia customer care went in vain in the last 2 mnths ..planning to approach Consumer forum for this proble. Apart from this probelm , all d features of lumia 520 is superb...Go for it but b awaare of this technical bug...
Hey i am also joing with nokia lumia 520 one of my close friend using this mobile he got this mobile just 3days back. its really awesome with low cost i really enjoy many feautures on this. now i am waiting my nokia munia 520 mobile. hope i will enjoy lot by using all the features on nokia lumia 520. once i got defently i will give my feed back after 10days :) thanks you nokia for por providing all features with lowest price.
I bought this phone just out of curiosity,but im loving every moment with this phone. I have got Samsung Galaxy also but this phone is a refreshing change.I was little apprehensive about using Windows Phone,but now after purchasing it was love at first sight. Too Good,and total value for money
hi my name is prem iam very new to the windows phone platform as i approached first i was too much afraid of using it because of i was an old android user but let me say it the NOKIA LUMIA 520 is the best phone i ever used lighting speed performance with the dual core snapdragon processor amazing graphics with adreno graohics and wait wotz HANGING !!! lumia 520 does not know that :) even the galaxy core and the other midrange galaxy shits always step below it
I purchased Nokia Lumia 520 from seller "Concepts international". The product was delivered in good condition within 2 working days. Day 1; Unpacking, very nice Day 2: Setup microsoft account, it was some how hacked and my phone was infected by virus (unwanted contacts were downloaded and created tiles with nude pics in the start screen). Then I restored the phone to factory condition and created new Live account. Day 3: Battery was draining like anything without using much. Day 4: Found the reason for battery drain, it was due to incorrect microsoft account provided in settings (I modified the server to avoid frequent updates) Day 5: Display was corrupted, full of stipped lines in the display. The phone was not fallen down. I called flipkart they told seller will call me back. but did not receive call from seller. So went to Nokia customer care, they said display (lcd) is damaged due to some shakes, and they replaced it for free since it was in warranty. After that everything seems to be fine, I like the performance of the smart phone with 512 mb ram, it is really amazing.
I am usg ds pon sinc last month!This s d worst pon i hv evr usd! It dnt hv ny minimis optn whil dwnlodg,also the videos,files etc wich v dwnlodd cnt be svd n a singlfil...... morova d pon lags n sped wile recvg nd sendg messaggs! Ther r numerous odr drawbaks ....... Dnt buy dis!
good windows mobile @ this price (below Rs 9000). rumours that windows are more complicated than android are baseless. mobile specifications are satisfactory. flipkart delivery within 2 days..great.
Been using it for almost 4 months now. Great Phone. Hardware wise : Nokia has done great job Software Wise : Its butter smooth, Microsoft still needs to do a lot of improvement. Very less good apps on phone, but if someone needs a smart phone for some not very advanced features (i mean apps ), this is great phone
this is a good phone. also service of flipkart is good and very good.. Lumia is have a windows phone so it's process is so fast comparing to androids.... this is a good phone. also service of flipkart is good and very good.. Lumia is have a windows phone so it's process is so fast comparing to androids....
The Windows 8 phones have changed the way people feel about Windows phones...The features like bluetooth,customisable tiles,etc are awesome...When I got hold of my own Lumia 520,I was just amazed to see the wonderful features of the phone...amazing processor speed & browsing,multi-tasking are just a buttery experiece!!!!Windows market is also increasing the collection of apps day by day....camera is just fantastic & features like cinemagaraph, panoroma are amazing....Being a biased-Android user,still this phone is too good to me!!!!!!!!
booked lumia 520 on 17th august and seller shipped it on 20 Aug, I received message to get in 2-3 days i.e. on 23 Aug but received on 25 august. Worst experience by ecart logistics and seller. 2 star for the service 4 stars for the phone. Nokia Lumia 520 is good phone, Look and build is good Apps store need to increase Some function like USB tether need to be added. Wi-fi direct needed Camera experiment like lenses are very good Telephony is very good but dial pad need smart search Headphone got are loud but average in sound quality. Handset performance is fast and touch is very sensitive and responsive. Earpiece sound and speaker volume is very good, Battery and camera is average.
They are providing a difference of only 2K in price,,,, You can sell Your iphones, HTC, Smasung,(virtually every phone for a better price).. go to hell and take your deal with you.... i mean they really think people are that stupid...
basic windows phone, yellow yellow dirty fellow blue is good i dropped my phone into water in first day itself , but after a blow dry it is working fine , Nokia Made for India Nokia always made a good product
Best phone in the range of 8k to 16k. I bought this phone around two months back, till now i couldn't find out any cons about this. People says android has more number of applications, but i don't give a shit about it. If you want to buy this mobile just go for it.
Hi Guys.. Here's a review of my new lumia 520. Backdrop: I am currently using Galaxy S4 and was using Sony Ericsson Neo V, Samsung S duos as my secondary phones. :D This piece of hardware reminds you of the good old school days when people used only solid looking (built) Nokia phones. In the age of flimsy size zero phones this instills masculinity in the bloodline. Rock Solid build quality, awesome shape which easily fits in your palms and provides more than what you have bargained for. Having used the latest android Jelly Bean 4.2, I am used to lucid interface & fluidic UI and this lumia is just a continuation of that. Buttery Smooth UI.. The screens won't lag. Packing in the same config which u will find in its bigger and expensive siblings this bb delivers top notch performance. WP8 has evolved a lot over its previous recursions and brings in a new flavour in today's world made for the sweet-tooths (Jelly Bean, Eclair, Ice Cream Sandwitch lol). This one spices things up. The simplicity of the UI and the constant updates of the live-tiles makes u believe that the phone is alive. Awesome call quality and battery back-up. Interchangeable batter covers which makes ur Lumia new everyday. Dont frown upon the display or the missing LED Flash or the secondary camera.. This device is for those who need a phone for day to day calling, texting, whatsapp, facebook. You can enjoy every shit in it without any lag. If you need a secondary camera, I would suggest go for android coz they would serve your purpose. Purchase this piece of engineering only if you want to stand out of the crowd. The battery provides juice to stay alive for more than 2 days with a single charge. The touchscreen is smooth.. All of my friends who have taken a look of this one have fallen in love. So don't wait. Go and get one for yourself. But be informed if you are looking at this as your primary phone I would suggest you to shun away and instead look for something from the android lineup. Final Words: Reminisce the Good Old Nokia days with this one while you have a powerful android in your other pocket. This baby is very good for calls text and chatting but wont cater to your multimedia needs. 5/5 for me...
my first windows phone and i am already loving it.Touch is super smooth with killing looks..first time user may find it difficult to use...but if you are used to windows 8 than it wont b much an issue...camera clarity is awesum thou it is without LED flash....but in day light, the pictures are much more like 8 MP camera....all in all g8t phone in mid range market...n yaa looks g8ttttt in hand....not too bulky like samsung phones...
Its an Excellent phone to buy. I thought to buy a windows phone because nowadays every one using android phones. So i bought Nokia Lumia 520. After buying lumia 520 i highly satisfied. Nokia showed their quality again by this Lumia series. I love Lumia 520. The look of the phone is more attractive. U feel like a BOSS when u have it in ur hand. I liked the UI very much. Touch is silky smooth. Very good camera quality. Cinemagraph is excellent. We have more apps like android. One important thing here we need to be noted is all apps are bug free and virus free. For this price rate its very very very good windows phone to buy. If u bought this phone and learnt how to use it then u will love it. Buy and Enjoy.
It was just fall down from height of one meter and screen got cracked :-( . I haven't even used it for complete month. No apps are there to use. Playing only temple run from last 2-3 weeks and it is being crashed in middle. Overall not happy with this purchase. Better go for any other option. First time in life really bad experience. Think 10 times before you go for it.
Really before buying i just love the design ,rate and nokia's trust but ..i felt so annoyed that we cannot add songs to playlist ...we cannot send songs pathetic ,so please check before buying now i am feeling upset
I have been using this phone for last 10 days and I am very satisfied with this phone. Before I write pros and Cons of this phone, I would like people to know that this is going to be a future phone and android craze is vanishing now a days. Pros : 1. Beautiful display with self adjusted brightness. 2. Windows 8 platform ( no risk for virus on phone ) 3. Proper windows updates. 4. Internet Explorer 10 for faster surfing. 5. Pre installed applications and games ( temple run) 6. Nokia Maps with voice guidance. ( Works without internet connectivity) 7. 1.5 days battery back with ( 2 hour calling + 2 hour game + 2 hour music + nonstop facebook and whatsapp in background) 8. Unlimited Nokia Music downloading for 3 months. 9. No hanging issue in Windows platform, so good for multitasking. 10. No Lagging in phone, it runs smooth. 11. 512 MB Ram on Windows and 1 GB on Android gives equal performance. 12. Rubber like grip on back makes it easy to hold. Cons: 1. Gamers, Subway Surfers is missing, but coming shortly. 2. Front Facing camera is missing, but thats acceptable under 10k Device. 3. Earphones are basic, you can buy or use your existing good earphones. Note : Android users switching to Windows Phone may face some issues understanding the OS, but sooner you will be fan of it. This is going to be the future of phones and this device is the best among all below Rs.10,000 phones.
Great delivery from Flipkart, came before time. Pros : NL 520 is all about its Apps and look and feel. Super slik touchscreen, gives you a feel good factor. Backed by good processor, gives good performance. Internet connection is faster than other mobiles in market. Cons : Don't know why, but you can't charge your phone, keeping it switched off. Even if you switch off the phone and charge, it will automatically start. No equilizer. Surpersingly this small software component, is not included in NL 520. Because of this, music sound quality is not that good. No SD card visibility via bluetooth. While you connect phone to PC, SD card doesn't show up in PC as a storage device! No File explorer. So far there is no file explorer App in WP 8. If you access internet for 2-3 hours continuously, battery drains. Even if I consider above glitches, it gives nice break from other phones. So it deservs 4 stars.
I think nokia did a great job.in the era of android nokia show that ws can beat android. really don't think so. but overall apps that are provided for ws is enough. so one can enjoy this phone very positively. from camera to net ,and speed all things are good. though the camera is 5 MP, its picture quality too good. But there was a problem-my mobile hang thrice in two month. But after all it is product of NOKIA.
AS I HAVE USED THIS PRODUCT FOR MORE THAN 2 MONTHS , I MAY WRITE A REVIEW ON GOOD AND BAD OF THE PRODUCT --> when u buy this , remember to check the camera button properly working or not (mine was not able to take a photo) PRO: 1. good display , good size. correctly fits into the hands and u can use the entire screen withought any movement from palm. (IPS - 4 INCH ) 2. good processor (they say it krait, but its snapdragon_krait ) . its very fast and plays temple run with no lag 3. good sound. great clarity and volume . 4. very good camera (5mp) . I liked the video recording (HD) which is far better than full hd camera in indian and china mobiles. 5. good storage ( RAM 512 , ROM 8 gb internal , 64 Gb external ) 6. windows 8 essence , no lag at all . 7. Nokia support in apps : like music, here drive, here maps which can run offline also (no need of INTERNET) 8. great price tag ! .. the best smarphone for such a small price CONS : 1. charging is not that good . For a heavy user it drains out completely in a day. For a regular user + 1.5 days , for a low (elder) easily for 2+days. 2. heating of phone at the back (near camera ) upon playing games for more than 20 mins 3. Windows 8 has few apps ( filtered ) when compared to android . All basic and essential apps are included. No worries at all for a regular user. 4. screen gets finger print marks . (use a good screen guard to reduce this ) i have been using this device from more than 2 months. its working great and thanks to nokia for its price Vs features . if u are going for a smartphone which u want to use atleast for 2 years. Go for this. Android phones do not give a good performance after 1 year.
I'm in love with this phone. Superb touch, gr8 look, good battery backup, good camera, good quality recording, variety of App are available and OS is so cool. 4 application u can open at the same time. Navigation and maps are good and suggestion of nearby places are really good. what else u require? Best in class phone. Superlike
Like it or not, this is the best you get for ~10K INR. Windows OS looks and feels great. The touch is very responsive. You have Nokia Music Store. Contrary to popular belief, WP8 does have enough apps. More apps are yet to come, so it's just a question of whether you can wait. The UI might look too simple to some people, but it is the best - functional and ergonomic.
This mobile is Third grad mobile, you can access FB only with it. Nokia has created this mobile for facebook access ONLY. You cannot send, save sms in it. its for listining to music and clicking pics, It is so complicated, that i feel like suing NOKIA for it. USELESS RUBBISH CRAP
I've ordered this phone in July for my friend. He is using it for the last one and half months without any glitches. He has installed more than 90 applications in 8GB inbuilt memory without any additional memory card and it works absolutely smooth. The battery backup is for one and half days after using it for calls, browsing and applications. Pros: Good Built Good Screen Display Good ppi Good battery backup Internal memory usage for users is better than any phone at this price range RAM is 512 MB but is more than enough to run WIN 8 based mobiles. Even, Lumia 720 has 512 MB RAM and it works great! Processor and RAM complement each other. Sound quality is ok but not as good as Sony phones. Other applications like GPS, MAP, Social Networking applications, Utility softwares works great. Cons: Camera doesn't has flash, so even if one takes the picture in highest ISO, which is 800, the quality of the picture is not upto the mark. The integrated softwares like Cinemagraph and Panorama view for camera are a bit confusing and bit choppy to use. Android Jelly Bean (4.2) is better than Win 8 as it has got the advantage of creating folders and customizing the OS according to the users' needs. However, very soon Windows 8 is coming up with 8.1 version which may take care of those issues. Overall, a very good phone to buy at this price range. Recently, after getting so many good reviews about this phone, I've also ordered one for mine under the exchange program at a better price of 7999 bucks.
I.Have.Been.usinig.this.phone.for.the.past.1month,and.i.have.to.say.it.is.awsome.plse.dont.think.about.apps.just.wait.it.will.increase.for.now.lets.look.@.quality.looks.great,has.good.camera,super.speed.good.screen.size.and.resolution,good.price,preloaded.apps,stylish,good.memory,overoll.has.all.feature.a.smart.phone.needs.i.would.highly.recomend.every.one.to.use.its.new.OS..............Just.TOOOO..GUD
Always Error with browsing, most of the applications not avail. battery backup not good. picture clarity is very good. shows all contacts including email id & mobile nos. always problem with store apps.
Very prompt delivery from Flipkart. Phone is superb in terms of performance ..touch experience. Truely worth buying. Only pron that I could find out till now is that it doesn't have FM Radio. Otherwise everything is upto the mark.
Nice phone. Display a bit small for Rs.10000. Decent battery backup, but doesn't last very long if ur doing many things at once! Very responsive touchscreen, its biggest plus! the number of apps available for Windows phone is a bit limited compared to android. I'm not an avid gamer but it plays Temple Run very competently and without a glitch! Very good quality photos, lots of different lenses available. would have been nice if i could edit and tweak my photos, change its texture etc. Flipkart delivered on time. Good packaging. but we couldn't reach the courier on phone probably due to the ramzan holiday season and that was a bit annoying. we had to go the courier office to pick up the package.
I am using the mobile for past 20 days and its worth the price and i feel windows os is quiet good, and battery last for half a day with heavy calling and mild browsing.there are lot of apps in windows market so no need to complain.
I am using this phone since 2 days......I m in love with Nokia Lumia 520 !!! Best Phone if you are looking something for 10K !!!! It has all the general features which a normal user needs....no need for android, windows is best !!!!!
its been only 2 and half months that i hav taken Lumia 520 and MY POWER KEY!!!!! has STOPPED WORKING!!!!! how disgusting is it.... 10 days back i had the same problem with the 520 went to the nearest NOKIA CARE and then after leaving it for service for nearly 5 hours... the lady told me that there was a problem with the key and it has been replaced... but now after 10 days again... !!!!!! it has happened... check it before you buy... and please donnot buy at the SANGEETA store....
As promised FLIPKART delivered it on time... within the speicifed time! ALWAYS ROCKING! And the mobile! Simply in one word! -WOW! Superb phone ! enjoying it! The moment I opened I was amazed.! the package was not even damaged at a single place! Perfect packaging and wonderful service. Came via FedEx.
first of all im a big fan of andriod and used many andriod phones like GALAXY GRAND and SONY XPERIA NEO L and SUMSUNG GALAXY TAB2 AND NOW IAM USING GIONEE DREAM D1 after using a lot of andriods i wanted to try a WINDOWS PHONE so i bought nokia lumia 520 and stunned after using nokia lumia 520 because 1. Music clarity (very clear loud sound, no andriod phone can give as sound clarity as it even when we compared to 20,000 rs phone andriod ) 2. BETTER BATTERY LIFE 100/100 marks when compared to andriod phone 3. NO LAG even it is only 512 mb ram it never lag at all REALLY. many andriod phones lags even it is a 25,000 andriod phones 4. CHARGING FULL takes only 2.5 hr and lasts very long faaaar better than andriod 5. CAMERA CLARITY IS VERY GOOD. and else nokia provides and bunch of camera aplications. 6. build quality is awesome 7.touch screen is very responsive 8. browser is very fast i have never seen like this i can challenge any andriod phone AND LAST BUT NOT THE LEAST ITS ABOUT THE APPLICATION STORE Nokia store has a lot of applications and quality of application is very good( when compared cheap andriod applications ) their is no advertisement slide show as in andriod applications and WINDOWS PHONE FULL SECURITY WHERE THEIR WILL BE NO THIRD PARTY INTERFERIENCE CONS: 1.Screen clarity is not very good but better in that class 2.does not support OTG because of security provided by nokia 3.no flash(but can take good photos) 4.takes about 2 days to understand the operation now then it is wonderfull
I started using mobile with brand Nokia till now and there is no dissatisfaction in any product. I am not crazy in changing my mobile often. Meanwhile i tried using other brands such as Fly, Samsung, Motorola and Micromax. Nokia stans tall among all. When it comes of smartphone there is only Android, IOS, Windows and Blackberry mobile operating system. I am statisfied with android and blackberry OS since i am using for last one year. There is no question about Apple IOS since it tops all in smartphone worldwide and in US this is top brand. I don't have any idea how the windows OS will be, i need to try that with less budget. So i choose nokia lumia 520 without any option of other brand. I am using it for last one month and satisfied with Windows OS. When it comes to the Lumia 520 good value for money in smartphone.
Nokia is trying to get back its market with cheap phones with cheap parts. I was amazed by the gaming features in the phone. But what made me shocked was two of my friend's in two different circumstances dropped their phones accidentally. One of which I witnessed myself. It barely dropped from 3 feet height. The display cracked and 3500 was spent on it. Saddest part was it took one month to get the display in a metro city like Chennai. The phone is very fragile and should be given atmost care. I would suggest going for 720 instead of this!. Anyway's the amount you spend on parts will be equal to buying an better phone..
My views about this phone are 100% true.From my point of view this phone lacks so many things first thing is heating up of this phone when u surf net for half hour it gets heat up near camera second thing i would like to tell you this phone also lacks apps such as opera mini , one browser and some how when u install uc browser it does not work properly when u starts any download and when go to home screen and downloading shows red color and when u resume downloading it goes to beginning. Third thing over taking memory when u install any app of 30 mb it takes some about of 100mb. There is not any best feature in this phone. and when u are willing to buy a new phone then go for any Android phone.
Totally a disgusting phone. It takes lot of time to boot up. Unlike Android, Nokia haven't provided anything, so you'll need to download and install everything. No apps and even the MS Office isn't installed. The build quality is worst. The backside looks like a case cover. No front camera provided at this price. It works on Micro Sim, which is also not provided. So either you'll have to cut your normal size Sim to Micro Sim or purchase a new Micro Sim which is another hectic work if there are no mobile shops around. Battery backup could have been much better.
phone is very good. build quality and look is awesome. recommended for all who want to durable product........................................................................................................
Hi Viewers, The Nokia Lumia 520 is no doubt a good phone in its price. Especially I like its camera quality. OK fine. Few days back, phone started getting restarted suddenly. The only work-around is to take out the SIM card and put back and restart once again. This continued for some time, when I trying to open the back lid, the front screen got broken and I am honestly saying that did not use force or handled incorrectly. When I contacted the customer care, they said that screen damage does not come under warranty and they charged Rs 2800/- (Job sheet no 588, Nokia Care, Kukatpally, Hyderabad). I am writing this review for the benefit of you all. Thanks.
I PURCHASED NOKIA LUMIA 520 A WEEK BEFORE FROM A OUT SIDE PUNE DEALER. ITS CAMERA BUTTON IS NOT WORKING, WHEN I DISCOVERED CAMERA REVIEW OF NOKIA LUMIA 520 I CAME TO KNOW THAT THIS PHONE IS HAVING PROBLEM WITH ITS CAMERA BUTTON. NOW MY PHONE IS AT SERVICE CENTER WHICH I PURCHASED 8 DAYS BEFORE AND STARTED USING IT 1 DAY PRIOR TO ADMIT IT IN SERVICE CENTER AND THE LADY AT SERVICE CENTER TOLD ME WE CAN NOT RESOLVE THIS PROBLEM AT OUR SERVICE CENTER IT WILL GO TO OUT OF PUNE AND CAN TAKE 8-10 DAYS. MY REQUEST TO ALL YOU PEOPLE DONT BUY THIS MOBILE ITS WASTE OF MONEY.
This deal was really a good value for money....This is a good fone with a grt look. The only drawback I found in this fone is that it does not have flash and picture taken through it was not that good.....but then I am comparing it with high priced smartfone. And flipkart service was fast .
I have compared several models before finalizing Nokia 520. My search included Sony Experia P, which I found to be too costly for the features it has; also when I took it in my hand, I didn't get a great feeling. I also considered Samsung Galaxy S Advance, but Nokia 520 really appealed me not only wrt its features, but looks as well. I did consider a few models of HTC as well. The one that I like was for Rs 25K and the lower models were not worth the price wrt Nokia 520. Hence the choice was easy… After using Nokia 520 for a few days, I am very happy for the fact that I have taken a wise decision. Its touch screen is excellent and it is quite easy to use and navigate across. Nokia seems to be really working hard to regain its market share. Regards ..... Atul
i was very frustrated with this NOKIA Lumia 520..bought it last week only to gift my brother on his birthday and after using it for couple of minutes, it was switched off and never restarted. It keeps showing the charging sign but never restarts. I don't know what to do....... Frustrating, to say the least.
Previously i used samsung galaxy s2 which was like a plastic container and which broke down within a year of purchase.. This phone is a excellent phone in all respects smoothness, look, design, everything anything. So what it doesnt have more apps; but i would like to tell you that all important apps are there and god they are beautifully designed... Must buy... from me its 10 out of 5 stars.
this is the best phone i have ever buyed.... good in terms of every thing. performances r good bt too many msgs in inbox slows down the speed of the applications if you are using watsapp then is not a problem.....but lacks apps... if Nokia comes with android...then Samsung will shutdown immediately within a month
The Hardware parts of Phone are very nice...........and it is working very nicely with out any strucks windows OS is amazing...It has so many apps in the windows store...and temple run game also running very smoothly without any interrupt..good sound quality...and camera clarity is good and panorama is excellent..
Best phone in 10 k range! only con is that it doesn't have a flash, otherwise absolutely worth every bug you pay for! Sleek & easy to handle. Nokia music has all the songs you wud ever ask for! Xbox games, apps that would take you out of the android and IOS delusions!
Nokia Lumia 520 Great Phone for low price one drawback of this phone is it lacks front camera but many do not use front camera Normally flipkart delivers in time but this time only and first time in my life Product delivery was late
I knew what to expect from the phone. My concern was if it would get delivered on time and without damage. I must say I was pleasantly surprised to have received it without trouble and before the expected date. Very happy with the purchase! A piece of information that would have been useful is to highlight that the phone requires a micro-SIM and not a normal SIM. It was mentioned but for first-time purchasers of a smartphone and for those not entirely familiar with the jargon, a little more clarity would have been nice. Still, no regrets!
This phone is the best phone at its price. period. All the debate on windows os vs android is useless because except for the slightly different interface, the end output is same. All the important apps are there. What makes it better is the wonderful battery backup. I charge once in a day and that too when it is only 50% drained. I'm sure it will run for 2 days with medium use and 3 days with essentials only use. It looks great and works smooth
If you want to go for a windows phone under 10,000/-, I'll suggest you this one. Coz its the best mobile under this range.. overall, its a good mobile within this range. Highlighting its features, it works really faster(krait proccessor), good camera, headphone sound is not the best but quite good for music lovers, battery backup is also good. Large inbuilt memory. It supports almost all windows phone software (You can download softwares for this phone from www.windowsphone.in , its a vast and reliable website for windows phones). Only major cons. is secondary camera and flash light. so, if you dont need those two features, you can go for it..
phone is great to hold good built quality good autofocus camera great performance Go for it... :) :0
The phone is pretty good for the price - excellent touch response, good video and audio, 64gb micro sd support, nice look and feel. Over all very satisfied. A few things to note. The headset provided doesn't fit my ears and is not the ear-bud type. Since they don't show the headset on the site, you will find out only after you receive the product. Also, the cable for connecting phone to laptop or PC is ultra short !!
I hope the sales are improving for this model as the price tag seems to be affordable, I had to cancel my order of XOLOA500S newly lauched model and gone ahead with this one. Totally satisfied. No lag at all, smooth performs, what else i need, cool display, all the basic features of the smart phones and all essential sensors are available. Highly recommended.
Hi, I purchased Nokia 520 for having windows 8 phone and for the quality of phone nokia makes.... Surprisingly with-in three months phone speaker not working sometimes, no sound for ring tones calls, music or even for the games ... If restarted it work suddenly stopped working again... Not sure what is the problem need to go the NOKIA care :( Other than this issue, phone build quality, Camera, Window 8 feature are GOOD...
i got this phone 2 wk ago and it was good. so those who are wanting to buy this phone,it will be a good value for them. but it has a problem of micro sim if ur using micro sim its ok but if ur using normal sim it will be a difficult task for u to get cut the sim in nr by mobile stores. after buying this product u can CELEBRATE AWESOMENESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am writing this review after using this phone for couple of months. Good Things--------->: 1. Good Screen 2. Pretty Fast, I didn't see any lag in UI. 3. All the Microsoft applications like office, Lync, outlook works very well. 4. Nokia offline maps (with GPS) are pretty useful though not up to the Google maps; I do use 2g for Google maps at times. 5. Windows Apps are decent; you will find most of the required apps. Bad Things--------->: 1. Crashed twice so far. 2. Cannot install certificates to access office WIFI (did some workaround). 3. Phone Customization is limited say home screen, lock screen, colors and sizes of tiles. 4. Windows apps lack maturity, cannot compare with android. 5. To call a number, you need more than 3 clicks/press :-(. 6. To save a contact, it’s a maze :-( Summary: You won't get a good quality, good specification android phone with this budget; it’s a good deal to buy this phone. You won’t get disappointed. It does things as expected. Battery like every other Smartphone’s lasts for a day with 2G/3G on.
i bought this phone from out side for 10,000 rs it's impressed me in touch , fast and gaming its really a great product , i am an android user but after using this product i like windows products .if any one plan for buy phone please go it such a cute phone.
I Guys recently I have purchased Lumia-520 I facing problem in music player when ever i am listening song I am not able to control the volume (either I Can't increase or Decrease the volume in current song. What ever the changes in volume setting in current song will apply for next song in case if i shift to next song immediately or else No) Please suggest me on Whether it is an generic problem or Problem with my phone) Thanks in advance
Comeback from Nokia.. Best phone at a lower price with all the required capabilities. Best part is that u can work save ur excel/ppt works for future.... Slight improvement needed in Headset.... Rest, its assured that u gonna enjoy with this....
This phone makes a good justice to the specs written, unlike other android phones of this range. The advantage of the WP8 is that it gives the same feel and performance, be it Lumia 920 or Lumia 520. I would say if one wants to buy an android phone then please invest at least 20000 INR. Otherwise it will be buggy and slow, not the case with this phone. It is in the top 5 of the best smartphones (of all price range!!) of techradar.com due to its value for money. Also it is the phone 'made for Indians'. It has English (India) language pack which recognises all the difficult Indian names while speaking and while chatting it also gives Hindi predictions like 'mera', 'tumhara'. It has offline maps, a boon for Indians having slow or no internet connections and a English to Hindi translator - just point your lumia to any English text and it translates well into Hindi. One may think that its 1430 mAh battery is less, but let me remind you it's a WP8, not an android one. It is much much light weight than android. It is one of the most light weight mobile OS. It may br equivalent to 2000 mAh for android or even more. The only thing due to which I was disappointed is the bundled earphone quality and no sound enhancement. But it is not that bad, it is average. But for music lovers it may be the case. And yes one can't complain for the lack of flash in this price range. After all we are getting a phone surprisingly loaded that too with the trust of nokia. And obviously complaining for no front camera will be utter stupidity. Lastly Windows 8 apps are coming. It has already crossed the 100000 landmark and I'm sure it has better camera and photo apps than android. Actually it's a cycle. The current situation is due to this - People don't buy a WP8 due to less apps and developers don't make apps because people don't buy WP8. When people will buy a WP8, then only the developers will make apps for it. So please buy more and more WP8. And by lumia series this cycle has already been kick started. So a near perfect phone!!.
Lumia 520 is a very good and budget phone with all features. Almost all features are available in this cell phone. Initially you may not get too friendly with this, I mean it is not too friendly for the people who used android previously. But after knowing the features it is too good to operate with office features. Some of the customisation is so impresive. You can trust on this phone. After all its NOKIA!!
It is a very good phone having all good features of wndows os. In fact Lumia 520 is the best amongst the lumia series, because of its hardware specificatons. But I would like to say that the Windows phone may not appear as convnent as android. I have used both os and feel that android is much more convinient. Copying contacts from android's SD card, playing music, sending sms are diffcult propositons in widows. Strange but true, you will find it difficult to find out a contact to call, because lumia will show you contacts for email, facebook and hotmail etc at the same time. Lumia will not allow you to customise the most basic features like sms, email and phone call. You will find it difficult to listen to your favourite track. Infact, windows lacks many convinient features of android. Battery back up is very good. camera is excellent. Earphone quality not so good. But considering its lower price, the phone is a good phone
My relation with nokia was like India vs Pakistan, but i was wrong. it was a good xperience with nokia. too good phone with low budget, Touch is awesome. over all phone was awesome,,,, love my nokia...
It was a nightmare for me. I bought this mobile 15 days back.. I cried after purchasing it. Horrible app store, Poor UI, not user friendly, no flash for camera, phone is premium that's good touch is super sensitive and awesome but the software nokia is using Windows Phone 8 is worst. Go for Xperia M or Galaxy core at this rate. I have sold this mobile by quikr and really happy. Never recommend a windows phone to anyone again in my life. I have given 1 star for its looks only and that's all pretty disappointment from NOKIA. Nokia has lost it. Sorry Nokia Samsung is the king.
Excellent phone good packaging by flipkart great service . keep it up. apps are easy to install manually , clear pictures , battery is ok good phone in this cost . photo features like panorama awesome. nokia music collection good . secured phone becos of windows 8 .
This phone is juss tooo good to buy. I mean can yu get nything in dat price range ?? Absolutely no .... This fone is available in vibrant colour and evn red,white and yellow shells are available , so i prefer to buy black as it is cheaper on flipkart and a shell of ur choice
The Nokia Lumia 520. Nokia's first flagship budget phone available in India for 10000. I have used this product for a month and the experience with a Windows Phone after using Android is mind-blowing. It has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 1 GHz processor dual core with 512 MB of ram and adreno 305 graphics card. What more would you want in a phone worth 10000. The screen is absolutely Brilliant!. IPS LCD giving out a pixel density of 233, which is a good example if you ask me. The camera - 5 MP with digital lenses are pretty nice. Images are produced with good color and quality. The Metro UI on the mobile is crazy fast. sure, it doesn't have a lot of apps and games but you still get the popular ones. All in all i would suggest all of you to buy this phone. It is truly worth it. And do order from Flipkart.com because they can give you the fastest and on the best deals.
I purchased this phone in July. First of all, the performance of Windows Phone cannot compare with Android Phone. It's simply faster, smoother and quick. We all know windows have less applications than android, but the quality of windows apps is great. It gives a rich and elegant feel. There are still some improvement needed in windows Phones, but definitely windows is much better than BADDROID. Tips for Windows Phone users: 1. Don't activate battery saver option for all time, instead of that choose "Turn when battery low" option. When battery saver option enabled it lags in performance. 2. If you don't want all applications in background, simply go to Settings, n swipe to left side. Tap on background tasks. The listed apps will opened in background. If you don't want any app in background, simply tap on that app. Choose block. its very easy. I am using my mails on this phone & it works great. I love Windows Phone 8. Also u can buy HTC or Samsung Ativ S Windows Phone. But Nokia's Windows Phones are much better than others. Nokia is fully developing the windows phone. An update called "Amber" which is specially designed for Nokia Windows Phones. It Contains Windows GDR2 update + many cool features from Nokia. Last but not the least: Here maps, here drive & here transit are best apps. Provide best functionality as Google maps and others Google products.
Things i like: Display Touch-sensitivity Camera Clear-voice Windows OS (never hangs) Things i don't Like: Its only battery.you need to recharge the phone only 10 hrs even moderate use. so the great phone at great price with most stable windows OS.No problem of apps good internal memory. This phone is not for gaming,even tample run and subway surfers(little) lags.
hi friends there is nothing interesting to purchase this device because it gets heated with time and even in new device battery back up is very poor.there is also lake of Apps. i thinks if any body want to purchase a good phone then it could be best to select android
i purchased this mobile and it was delivered in the said time of delivery but the product was not upto mark. its software is problematic and it also does not connect to 3g internet inspite of active plan. i hav cross checked the same sim card in other device it was workin perfectely in that one. very upset with this handset.
I must say windows phone are under estimated. After using android phone for about 1.5 years, i switched to windows one and i really liked it. Best part it doesn't hang like other android phone in this price range. Lumia series phones are best phones in terms of design among all the phones available in market. screen size is also good. I don't like 5 inch phones, and in my opinion we should not call them even phones. Overall, best in the price range and people who are bored of android , must give a try.
Basically i love Nokia Brands because of its adaptability to any class of customers, its soft easy to handle. Yes it has several cons even though Lumia's appearance and OS making us to forget about the Cons. And Flipkart delivery SPOT ON!!!
Firstly about flipkart: I got the mobile in just two days and it was shipped perfectly without any damage. Flipkart is just amazing for the quality and the range of genuine offers. Nokia Lumia 520: Pros: Best economical smart phone in this price range Windows 8 OS - secured and professional Offline Maps Powerful dual-core processor - Snapdragon s4 (Krait)(similar to ARM Cortex A15) (Even the android powered samsung mobiles priced at around 17k have ARM Cortex A9 (past generation) 5 MP camera 2592 x 1936 MS Office Cons: Applications and pdf documents can only be installed and stored in the internal phone memory (8GB) Battery - 1430 mah (a bit more would've been good)
I have been using this song frm 4months...Well its stylish, touch is awsome, UI is much better thn android...sound output is good too...but after the expiration of 3 months of free subscription of Nokia Music, You have to pay for downloading songs by recharging the Nokia music....There is not a single APP in windows for downloading free songs.not even pirated songs X-(...If u try frm computer, or bluetooth, u wl never b able to find this song in your phone memory...you wl end up paying for downloading songs..Think and then buy....
mobile market is so much congested today but in 510 you have the most amazing look , nice app tiles always looks as if the phone is breathing. I used iphone 5 but wastage of money. my suggestion is buying Lumia 520 is 100% painsa wasool.
The smartphone is nice bt the exterior part is not a tough one. It will easily break like my Lumia broke. Cool apps,nice style n wonderful speed. a bit complex operating system. fabulous camera n video recording....Can buy depending upon the budget.
its a good phone in Nokia smartphone series at low cost hurry its a good phone in Nokia smartphone series at low cost hurry its a good phone in Nokia smartphone series at low cost hurry its a good phone in Nokia smartphone series at low cost hurry
Lumia 520 doesn't have: 1. A way to disable vibrations on three home keys : Back, Home/Start and Search. Vibrations not only irritate you but also drains battery. 2. an Audio Equalizer:. If you are a music lover, just look else where. 3. a way to disable automatic screen rotation. And, at times when you want the screen to rotate, it takes long time that you must eventually give up. 4. a way to edit the number from the dialer. 5. And many more.
1 week of usage review : “Best in the price range” don’t expect much . Pros and cons (mostly cons) Screen rotation takes time . Battery life not good , have to charge twice a day (more than average user). Back of the phone gets heated up upon playing high graphic games(turbo racing league). Viewing angles are not as bad as they say. Some time volume is set at a certain level and u cant control until u restart (happened twice in a week). Had to restart 3 times because the tiles were not responding for touch. Volume control for both media and ringtone is same (if u change one other will also change). Apps and game are decent enough. camera is good.
First received a faulty product, camera button was not working. Customer support was good. Received replacement soon. Lumia 520 provides good browsing experience. Decent battery standby time. Not much apps but that is tolerable. Photo quality is average. Overall a satisfactory smart phone.
This phone is really worth for the price.... Awesome features... very good and stylish to have in the hands.... Nokia is back to form with Lumia devices... No one except Micromax can give dual core phone for this price... this is something special.....
it is the best smartphone around 10-15k.. Don't run after android... Windows can do anything.. better than samsung galaxy s or any other indian phones. Touch is super sensitive.. and Last superb delivery from flipkart.com delivered this phone in 30 hours ....
I never get upset whenever i order any item from flipkart. Good service. speedy delivery. About this phone, Nokia has been lethogic after named No 1 continuously for several years in a row. Now the hot spot has been snatched out by Samsung and now Nokia woke up to work hard. Lumia is the key to claim the hot spot once again. Good marketing strategy where everyone is concentrating on Android, Nokia is concentrating on Windows. Lumia 520 Equipped with latest windows edition with all good features.1 ghz dual core is capable enough to run a laptop. Camera is amazing. Overall I go for full rating. Sad only 5 stars available here. I ordered this yesterday and awaiting to get it delivered. Hopefully i will get early delivery as usual than the estimated time.
Good phone, fast processor, user-friendly UI, but not as convenient as an Android phone, especially with regards to file and photo sharing. Nevertheless, very stylishly modelled, with a very good camera.
Nokia Lumia 520 Design :- very good battery :- drained fastly if we use the phone . Hardware :- Best Software :- windows phone 8 We cannot be personalised phone and have following disadvantages :- -cannot disabled lock screen, -cannot adjust volume of ringtones, -cannot directly set song as ringtone, -cannot browse internet via usb, -Can.t use removable drive via usb, -can not customized/Change default Search Engine from Bing to any other, --most of the inbuit apps required internet connectivity,which internet connectivity we not use most of the features of the phone -Battery & signal status is not appear all the time on screen, we have to tap the screen to view status - we cannot correct easily incorrect words easily, -we cannot run java apps in the phone, -cannot direct run apps from sd card, -no voice recorder, -no calls recorder, -while dialing the number cannot search in the phonebook, in phonebook we can't search numbers by numbers. -speakers volume not so loud and vibration is not so effective, due to this sometime you lost attending calls when you are not so neasest to the phones -Calls log interface is not so good. -the phone is showing status "E" both at the time of using 2G internet or 3G Internet, it may have huge data cost. -Zoom Feature of camera is not so good the object becomes blurred at full zoom. -No Self Portrait option and timing option available in the camara. -File Explorer of phone itself -No complete Bluetooth Sharing. -No FM Radio #copied
Purchase this on 26th July and they delivery with 2-3 days as they promise to. Using from the whole day and it's simply Outstanding.. Basic Applications are available like- WhatsApp, WeChat, Line, Skype, UcBrowser, True Caller and so on. Even the game Temple rum is also available in Store. Super Sensitive Touch with Very Clear Sound..
really great experience while using this phone and windows O.S..butter smooth what more can i say just one bad thing the OTHER FOLDER which continuously increasing until all your 8 GB memory is gone... So watch it gaming experience is great.. far better than android trust me.. Definitely suggest everyone to buy this amazing phone
I've used this phone for over a week. Pros: Smooth, responsive, vibrant touch screen. Clarity is amazing; I found it possible to read the smallest text on this screen (on the pdf reader). Windows 8 is surprisingly beautiful, a brilliant experience. Solid phone build quality, looks like it costs more than it does. It comes with an unlimited music subscriptions, meaning you can download any song you want for FREE legally directly from Nokia music - This is quick and painless. Many tiny conveniences that you'll notice only when you use the phone, like for example, being able to control the volume, or changing the song playing even with the lock screen on. No other branded phone comes close to offering this kind of value for money. Cons: Cannot access memory card/ phone content directly due to the lack of a file manager. However, the content can be managed through the already installed apps. The battery doesn't last too long - with moderate usage, and playing around on the phone, the battery lasts less than a day. The lack of apps, as compared to android... but there's still enough for entertainment, and the apps that are present are improving. The camera and earphones are what you'd expect on a sub 10k phone - not great, but good enough. The youtube app could use improvement. Suggestions: Buy the phone. You'll love it, especially if you're bored of android. Install the following apps: Adobe reader Music Player Battery UC browser (works faster than the default Internet Explorer 10) ... and you're good to go.
great or cool ,, i won't drop any of the two . this one is as good as it ever was in this range . i am not here to do a high reasoning , choice is yours but if u hv to get best at 10k or about , come on its now . as it louds ,, brand nokiA .
Worth for the money! Good phone with fantastic touch & Win 8 experience. * Camera looks good only on day light as doesn't have flash. * FM not available * Sound Enhancement not available As Phone it works fine!
It's a good mobile, those who wants to enjoy with new interface.... Don't expect more when you didn't spend more money.... But most of the basic thinks you won't get in thins windows mobile like android.... Those who have enjoyed with android OS, will sure get anger with this Window OS. Pls read configure before buying...
again another shipment reached in time like all before.such a wonderful service by flipkart that is comparable to many western countries.i ordered NOKIA LUMIA 520 after extensively going thru reviews of different site.and i had chosen the right one.it is an amazing phone with quite different experience from traditional androids.again cheers to flipkart and nokia
While the term Entry Level may seem a little too ordinary,I would like to say that my purpose of saying this is because the 520 is the cheapest WP8 phone in the market. But the cheapness stops there. The phone behaves like a seasoned player, and has all the features that we would expect out of a mid-range phone in the 15-20K range. Well there are experts, and they're bound to get at me. But I am extremely satisfied at the way Nokia has gotten back on its feet, after it's initial hiccups with WP Mango, and then with the Lumia 10 series to the now beautiful Lumia 20 series. Battery life is decent, camera is good, and the UI functionality refined.I will take some time to adapt to no T9, but the new stuff is fresh, and am sure will help me get faster at what I do. And the display just looks lovely...glossy and all. Well, fingerprint issues is a yes, but I got some money down on a good screen guard, and am good with it now. Now the last word is .... how long will the 520 success last?
lumia is better than the android phones.. If you are looking for fast processing and awesome looking phone JUST GO FOR NOKIA LUMIA 520. The touch is super sensitive and the processor is dual core and RAM is 512 mb which is enough for a windows 8 phone. Camera pic + video quality is much better than other smartphones like galaxy s duos, s advance . Built is just awesome. if your budget is less than 10k then i highly recommend LUMIA 520 IS BEST OPTION
- Performance is very good. - Interface is different from all other android class phones. - Nice Animation while opening or closing apps. - Battery life is good. - We cannot apply our custom ringtones that's really bad. - Settings are bit hidden so sometimes its time taken process for making any changes. - No flash(offcourse can't afford in this range but still miss it). Its a good phone to have that tooooo in this range. I think if you want a Windows phone then you must try this.
this phone is just bang for the buck . i got the delivery in 2 days . as usual , flipkart keeps up with its express delivery serivices . i bought the phone at 9444 . touch response is really impressive , battery life is really very good , with 3 hrs of music and one hr of downloading and with wifi always on , it lasts me nearly 2 days . one downside about the phone is the camera quality is not impressive for a 5mp shooter . its just decent , but then again , u cant expect everything at this price point . the phone does not lag at all , and the app market is expanding day by say . one more annoying featurer is that , the apps on the market are new ,so there are quite a few bugs , due to this , there is around 30 mb downloads every other day , as updates . all in all , i would say that this phone is a steal at this price . go for it .
Well, almost everything have been said about this product and nothing new left to be said but I would say its a great buy, awesome touch and well build up as it fits perfectly in my hand as I'm not a fan of phones with Giant screens which one can't use with one hand... Bought it from Local market as it was cheap at 9500.. But Apps are the only thing that one will miss in this phone.. I'm sure developers may be working hard to make available their Apps on windows platform but nothing can be said right now.. A must buy Budget phone.. BEGGINING OF A NEW LOVE AFFAIR with this LUMIA 520
it is a phone guys under 10 k with so many features it is powered with snapdragon s4 processor which is lighting fast like intel i3 and its g p u is also cool for gaming but it has some defects like u cannot see ur sd card on windows phone 8 and apps are not like android ones.........so but still it is the best phone to buy in the market..................
Bought it outside for 9700 with screen guard. It is just Awesome for this price range. the touch, the animation, the feel of the phone is just so rich i bet u. U wont find an alternate at this price point!!!! Apps and game are decent enough. But definitely richer feel than android. Battery is little bad but i recommend you to try this!!!
I am using it from Last 1 month. the Processing speed is good and Internet speed @3g notwork is awesome. Headphones are not good but sound output is good. Window features made it best in class. Much better than android phones.
NOKIA LUMIA 520 review--Bought through Flipkart. Please be careful while buying this model. The side camera button does not work! Seems like a design fault and lack of Quality control. Details--Red color Nokia Lumia 520 model Seller--WS Retail Packaging & Delivery--Good The phone does get warm while charging and back cover is
bought this yesterday. pros- battery life- 5 star looks - 5 star os - win 8 -5 star conclusion- c'mon guys it's nokia known for built quality and durability. it's world's best and affordable smartphone in the market. if you want to move on from android or any other low-end phone. THIS IS THE BEST OPTION AVAILABLE IN THE MARKET NOW.
Awesome phone in its price range. The one I initially got from flipkart had a problem with its camera key. Got the same replaced by flipkart, and the replacement arrived with in three days so khudos to the flipkart team!. The only con i found with this phone is windows store, the apps available are seriously limited when compared with android, for example banking app for ICICI bank is not available for windows 8, app for my work related email is not available for windows 8, music players available on windows store are not good etc. Nokia's here maps are awesome and Nokia music app is great for downloading songs. Definitely a buy in its price range!.
I have ordered Lumia 520 on flipkart today only and am very excited about it. I have received positive feedback about it from my friends and other fellas and am convinced about its performance. Its worth the wait ;)
this fone is best in class and superb. specially the super sensitive touch display is amazing. the delivery i got was two days later than promised but the awesomeness of this fone compensates it all. the best part you can change the back panel with colour of your choice with original nokia panels in about 450 INR and make it look as good as new the only thing which i felt shortcoming is lesser number of free apps but thats not an issue as it will be fixed with time i love it
Guys dont underestimate this phone..........its a really awesome smartphone with this budget.No company is giving the facilities under this product not even Samsung.....Just try u will enjoy it . Moreover, i didnt find much difference between Windows & Android OS. Both are almost same with 1 or 2 escapes.... I personally recommend u all .......Nokia bounced back with this set...........
I'm using this since 3 weeks...Nokia with windows8 OS, great exp.. and I've downloade temple run and other games also.. evry thing runs smoothly..except heat prob(little bit) but best mobile in this price compared to all other brands.. and I recieved this item within two days only..flipkart is having great customer service support.
This is for the persons , those wants to use this phone as modem on PC without Wi-Fi capabilities. One should purchase wi=Fi usb adapter for their PC's and install drivers wich comes with adapter package on PC, now plug the adapter in to the usb port and you are ready to surf internet through your lumia 520, before that you should put on Wi-Fi and Internet sharing on your phone. Good luck. I have purchased my lumia 520 and TP link USB adapter 150 Mbps from Flipkart, both the product delivered to me before time frame of 2-3 days. I recommend Flipkart the BEST for online purchase and timey delivery of products. Jai Prakash Kain Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh.
phone is getting heat while using data connection for more then 20 minutes. battery backup is only 4 hours on data connection. overall display quality and clearity is good enough to attract someone towards it .
Good Phone soo far, Cheap and graphics quality like 20K phone, i was waiting for this phone to launch, The Windows Marketplace is improving, even though it lags well behind its rivals in terms of sheer numbers. Still, you'll find many favourites there including Spotify, Netflix and Skype.
I used it 7 days it was owsm Windows 8 phone......all fitures are good "But the camera is not good at low light...." only this one is the foult....otherwise all r good.....and flipkart service all time superb...
if u planning to buy a mid range awesome phone than u must buy this its interface will make u mad n better than ANDROID windoows 8 rox no bugs no hangs ossam all games are available for try if u really need them u must buy bt tat not a big problem
Received the phone very quickly. But it was dead on arrival. We tried to switched it on and it just showed "Nokia" logo and then dead. We called Flipkart and they responded quickly by registering our complaint and asked the seller to get it replaced. Meanwhile we paid a visit to local authorized Nokia Service Center in Bangalore. They were polite enough to upgrade the software immediately and phone started working as new. Its been less than a month we are using the phone and things are good. So, we say Flikpart is good, seller is not! All this when it was a gift for my friend. Imagine the embarrassment!!!!
I purchased this phone on 29th Jun 2013 and just after two days came to know that it is getting hang for all its functionality except call and sms, most important its camera button also not working. Right now now my phone is with Nokia Care for service since 15 days. Very bad cell Nokia launched and also there is no replacement.
The phone works great without any lag. It takes sometime though to initially start the phone for the 1st time. The nokia maps are a big assert if you are on the move always to unknown places. Audio is loud & clear. Video plays smoothly. Camera works great & capture fine details but in night it is not that great. The major con is lack of Flash & smart dail. Other than that everything is nice. Also the apps in windows store are increasing but not as much as you fine in apple & android stores. But the windows store has a great feature of try for almost every app so the you can try the game or any other app & then if you like it then you can buy it. Lastly excellent fast delivery by flipkart. Thanks to you flipkart people.
This is Best Smart phone in this price range.Internet browsing experience is really very good. Camera is also good despite not having flash. Apps are little bit less but common apps are there. Look is awesome screen size is perfect inbuilt storage is 8 GB.!!. This series phone is going to save NOKIA..
Pros : Best phone below 13k in terms of user interface,speed,battery backup and looks. Windows 8 OS for this price is a big advantage. Cons : The display glass - If you drop this phone once, the glass is going to break very badly. Only option you have left is to replace the broken glass which costs about 2700 bucks. This phone does not come with a Gorilla Glass. In Lumia series Gorilla Glass appears in 710,720,800,810,900,920 and above. So make sure you don't drop this phone while using it, otherwise it is going to be a sad deal. May be the sharp edge design and weak glass makes the screen vulnerable to crack. My Lumia 520 on its 2nd week fell off my hand to the floor and result is a 2700 buck damage :( So I would like to advice you guys to keep this in mind while buying this phone. Other than that the phone is great.
Music player does not actually run, its a mere ui. Any music app can use that ui. You can still remove with the app 'Kill my music'. To sms different accounts, use the app 'Kirik Search'. The search button is for web search which includes images, maps,news etc. If you select a word from any of the system screens, you can search for it on the web
Hi Friends I bought this phone one day before and today i am trying to see it. The phone do not have option to record our calls. For ppl who need to record there meetings .... pls dont go for this phone. else every thing is fine. PLS NOTE : THERE IS NO CALL RECORDING OPTION .. i was not aware of this earlier. i would have not gone for this if i realised it when i bought it.
Nokia is back in business with Lumia Series smartphones. Lumia 520 is the starting model in Nokia Lumia series. It has a 1 GHz Qualcomm Krait Dual Core Processor and Adreno 305 to support graphics. Phone is supported with 512 MB RAM which is good enough to run the phone with out any hiccups. The phone is powered by a 1430 mAh battery which is good enough to support the phone in a whole day of medium usage. Windows 8 runs buttery smooth in this device without any slowing down or hanging up. Coming to the processor and GPU, It has a average processing power which can not support a very high graphic games. Games like temple run and fruit ninja runs very smooth but when u go to higher graphic games it starts showing lack of processing power. Display is good, there is no pixelisation. GPS is very powerful, it lock in less than 5 sec if you are under a clear sky. App store is not very great but still you will get the minimum required apps for free. Browsing is fast and drains the battery easy. 1430 mAh battery drains out easily once you start browsing on your mobile for a while. If you constrain yourself from browsing on GPRS you will get a battery life of a whole day. video playback and the audio quality is good. Nokia music subscription for 3 months is free with this phone. there is no difficulty in synchronizing gmail on this phone. gmaps app can be installed if you are not satisfied with the nokia map. only drawback I found in this phone is the unavailability of a secondary camera and magnetic sensor. With the windows 8.1 update, Lumia 520 will be having a radio (its already integrated in the chip but not supported by software in Windows 8.0)
nokia lumia 520 the best phone in its price group....4 inches screen create best effect while playing games and browsing.....processing speed is also quite good....only one -ve point is that their is less applications comparison to android......
First fast delivery by flipkart in two days.Second the price of 9099 is best price offered for this phone. now for the phone first thing its OS, its very fresh breaking monotonous of android phone good battery life only concern is apps which are coming and that to free.Most apps I used on my android phone are available on windows platform. in built camera apps in the phone are excellent. Very good phone for 9k Nokia may be back with this phone.
First of all I was also one of the Android lovers and after using windows phone of HTC once I wasn't interested in windows phones anymore, but this phone with its sleek design and sexy looks forced me to buy & try once again. Frankly speaking now it is the time to move ahead from android. With its low price I don't think there is any other phone available with such looks and awesome qualities. Last but not the least as always Flipcart delivered it within 48 hours at the door step before the expected delivery date !! So all of u if u are not interested in windows phones, give it a try it will change ur perception & mindset for ever !!
Have been using this phone for past 1 week now and it is one hell of a product. Kudos to Nokia for making Lumia so user friendly. Pros - Integration with FB and other social networking sites, Speed , Look and Feel, awesome xbox games , Camera (It clicks better pics than my a 8 mp cameraphone) Cons - No file manager , No equalizer for Music
This phone is Good but it has many limitations such as not flash light, less apps in Windows 8 OS, low resolution etc Considering these limitations this it should have lower price or these some other mobile without these limitations should be looked at,
Very fast processor, brilliant camera (quality of pics taken in day much better than bb, samsung and cheaper phones)... Windows OS is very refreshing... Windows market will take some time to catch up with Apple and Android but popular apps are available... Display is beautiful... And Windows have and advantage with office apps... Integration with Facebook and other apps is good.. Great work by Nokia to try make a comeback in smartphone market...
Hi folks, Dont listen to others.. Just go for it.. Battery seems little low ... Flipkart service is awesome as always.. I had ordered it on MON and received it on next day.. Just go for it. Just go for it. Just go for it. Just go for it.
i m using lumia 620 and now getting this for my dad.. 1st watsapp is working fine but some times it does not update so u has to open the app to c if any new msges have come, happens only on data connection not on WiFi. 2nd can't share videos on watsapp though rumours of an update for 8.1 ll fix are high 3rd Shazam many more similar apps are there in the store. 4th Photofunia, lomogram, nokia's Creative Studio, Shofia lenses a lot more quality apps in the store ll take care of the foto editing. Windows 8 is not on the level of android and iOS becuz its a very different approach which focus on making day to day work easy. It has its set of shortcomings but the positives easily out weigh it. Buy it Use it and u ll realize how easy the OS works for day to day stuff. my sis using Xperia P was genuinely impressed with the easy n smooth working WP8.
I believed that touch was always good for android... But some how due to the common interface which every brand of touch phones were sporting I didnt opt for Android and instead went for Windows... Windows 8 experience is truely immersive, spontaneous and super fluidic...You can feel the GO in the system...I truely congratulate Nokia and Microsoft for bringing this brilliant phone to our lives...Kudos to all... Thanks Flipkart for delivering the phone before time...(6 days before scheduled delivery date)
Got it for my college going brother who was looking for a Windows Phone. Collective review as following: - Basic functionality is top notch. Most of the daily usage apps are on Windows Market. - The music output is decent. Have tried with Sennheiser earphones / headphones. - RAM is a little low, so don't expect heavy games to run on it. - Camera is decent. Not due to missing flash, but the sensor seems to be a bit mediocre. In one line: Good phone in the price range, especially for Windows lovers. If your price range is ~10k, I would advice instead of going for an android phone, go with this for a snappy experience.
I have bought this phone recently. The hardware configuration is superb. It helps you to run all major applications and games. Unlike the low end android phones, it is really fast. The touch sensitivity is very smooth. The build quality is better than Samsung. I would suggest if your budget is within 10k go for this phone.
To start with... -Flipkart you are Awesome with a capital "A".. Excellent delivery of the product. -The phone is great and excellent looking in terms of hardware and quality. -There are no file manager in this phone due to windows 8 os. -alot of online and stuff, gprs or 3g is a must -software wise :it is very secure and attractive User interface. -Live tiles are great. -I still find app base a little less -If u want freedom to do a lot of development and tweaks then don't go for windows. hardware i excellent to work with. -hangs rarely: just remove battery and insert it again -no proper driver for windows xp. -can't transfer files directly into phone from pc. first time review so Adjust madee..
I got product for the lowest price from flipkart .. 8450/- .. awesome na ? Many people reviewed the product in details .. so i don't wonna do the same .. If you want a phone with the facilities you commonly use .. this is the best phone ... This phone doesn't have NFC - Rarely used feature .. yet to be popular , remember NFC is useful only if others also have the NFC enabled phone. No Front cam - How many people are using video calling facility .. Less apps - You know , how many professionals are working in Microsoft technologies especially .Net .. for sure apps will come sooner .. Microsoft is a market changer .. they know how to get in to the market . No flash - Its a drawback .. but think , you are not paying for it ... you are paying only 9.5 k in the worst case. i personally won't recommend spending above 10K for a mobile phone , it is just a phone can be used max for 3 years .. This is the best phone you can grab and have fun .. surely you worth it .. Cons apart from common reviews -Phone gets heated sooner (On heavy processing .. in common in all the smart phones :P). -Some times windows phone 8 ll not respond to certain things , you need to restart the phone.(Eg : there is a option to install the apps from sd card , but Sd Card option wont be visible in store, need to restart the phone) few more issues like that resolved by restarting. some apps will not be shown in install from SD card option , sounds funny .. still i couldn't resolve it.
This phone has everything that I need. 1. 5MP Camera 2. Decent sound system 3. Good Battery Backup 4. Good look 5. Windows phone 6. Nice processor speed.... 7. 8 GB Internal storage.... around 4 GB usable.... extendable 8. Can download all the required apps... did not expect all the apps like we have in Android.... 9. Decent touch sensitivity 10. Pretty user friendly... Still exploring... finding it good using a different OS after long time..... Its worth what I have paid....
The best windows phone i came across...compared to other android or apple phones.Its very attractive,mainly red and yellow,eye catching,slim and very very fast OS,i must say the best budgeted windows phone ever. A must buy.
Hat's off to Nokia and Microsoft for creating such a wonderful phone. I would definitely recommend this phone for everybody. Really wonderful phone. Works without any hang or freeze. Android phones in this rang are subject some slowness after using for a while. But this Windows phone is absolutely works fine even after prolonged days of use.
The only problem with this phone is its audio system.The sound is not good enough,there is no equilizer option for this phone. Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present.No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation.
I have purchased lumia 520 from local shop......very simple and fantastic mobile by nokia...Very good looks,never hangs,very good camera .......colors of mobiles are also very best .......sound quality best 9.5/10 Thanks
Was going to book a piece for 8899 bucks this morning but suddenly it became 9801 bucks!! I want flipkart to inform me when the price of the black model turns down a bit. I have used it from my cousin for a day or two... It feels gud in hand.. People notice your phone anywhere and everywhere! You are getting Windows 8 in less than 10K!!!! What more do you want??? Awesome experience!! Its useless to have a FM radio when you have Nokia music!!!! Camera quality, 512MB Ram, 8GB internal memory, 64GB external support, 1GHz Processor are too much in this price... I have used Xperia and many other Androids but believe me win8 is the best. You will not regret buying it. About the apps that are not supported in win8 but in android, They will soon be available for win8 wit flourishing of the model! Last but not the least it you are a gadget freak with a limited wallet and love high specs phones, Its made for you! Go for it without a 2nd thought!
Its been almost 15 days using this phone; delivered within 2 days by flipkart. This phone has almost everything and very good value for money. only thing is it's price went down by Rs. 1000 after i bought; I could have saved more money if would have waited.. -Processor is excellent, screen is very good, it looks great, camera is very good in natural light, lots of apps available in app store. Missing- FM, Camera LED. Overall a very good phone.
I had purchased this product when it was newly launched... I must say that I was delighted by using this phone of Nokia.. it is perfect to say that "NOKIA KA BHAROSA" I'll suggest to everyone who are looking for a budget phone with all features, they can go ahead with this, but only one drawback viz., NO FM.. but still 3 cheers for NOKIA LUMIA 520.
Under settings is a 'battery saver' option. When it's switched on, you'll get more hours of battery life, but keep in mind you'll need to manually check for new emails, and apps will no longer run in the background. At the bottom is a summary of how much battery life you have left, assuming you don't suddenly start streaming cat videos on loop. When this feature is turned on, you can tap on 'advanced' at the bottom of the screen (it's greyed out when the feature is off) and choose a point at which it should automatically turn on, and then select conserve battery ALWAYS option... EnjoY :D
I bought this set from FK 15 days back...delivery was fast as usual within 3 days and the price was good at 9499... So 1st Impression of the set was It looks cool and is sleek looking... after starting it up the 1st day i faced several problems as i was moving from the android platform (XPERIA P).. they were:- no VCF contacts support no support for custom notification tones cant get pirated apps here No swype keyboard etc... But after few days of use it grew on me now i dont find anything that difficult to operate anymore its fast smooth and good performance.. the games available are fun too...though apps and games are not numerous like android still a good collection is there...music is good... camera satisfies me... but the best part of the set is video playback...it plays 1080p videos in mp4 format which even my P coudnt play...so thats really good... and i am in love with the nokia music :) other than that my only prob with the set is the battery life..it lasts 1.5 days only(similar to my P)and it thought nokia phones and windows last longer...but still its something i can live with.... So all in one a good produvt and highly recommended... just need a red and yellow back panel now to go with my blue 1... cheers !!!
I am a big fan of nokia and I always prefer nokia because of the battery. I have purchased lumia 520 and I was really hurt at the quality of the battery. It hardly lasts 7 hours. Guys don't buy lumia 520. Other than the battery, the touch sensitivity is really good. Don't worry about the apps in a windows phone. It has the basic apps which we use for our day to day purpose. But seriously the battery is the worst which I have ever seen.....
Sorry to say that.. I had high expectations while purchasing this handset as this was having a good configuration with windows 8 OS... My experiance with this was very bad as it stopped working on the first day itself.The device kept on rebooting itself indefinitely. I took it to Nokia Care they said theres a pblm with software.They fixed it free of charge. Now, on using the device i found the device getting heated up like anything. The device is in factory setting without any extra applications installed, with all the services like Wifi, Mobile data, bluetooth and all disabled, i dont find a reason why it happens? Nokia care dont have a solution for this.They asked me to send the same back to the factory. It seems like flipkart also doesnt have anything to do with this issue. Very bad response from flipkart regarding this issue.
This is the best low budget smartphone available. After doing extensive research on this subject I decided to go ahead and buy this phone. The other contenders were from Samsung (Galaxy S Duos,Rs 14k) upcoming brands like micromax (canvas HD -A116, Rs.14k) and Karbon (S5 titanium or was it S1?). Anyway, this made a decent gift for my sister and she is very happy with it.
i used android for sometime,apple till now but when i bought this phone for my father,i just get amazed with it.its a very fabulous,Durable & Quality Product.Nokia gives maximum what it can give to this price.Leave android guys , its a direct competitor of apple.i am sure for that.you will surely fall in love with this device.GO for it without anuy hesitation.
I ordered the product on Friday evening around 4 P.M and got it delivered on a rainy Sunday morning (surprised !!!). Really awesome service even on weekends. Keep it up Flipkart. I have been searching for a good phone for about an year. I wanted a right mix of specification with cost. Initially i was looking for androids but none impressed me in the budget of 12K. Then came Nokia Lumia 520, a perfect blend of specification with the right cost. Awesome display and touchscreen. It can play HD videos(which even SAMSUNG Galaxy S Duos cant play). The phone is far better than any of the androids in this range. All those who are bored of using low budget androids should definitely go for it.
guys this phone is really awesome... i have just baught this phone 1 week ago and now i am using it and having a gr8 fun with this phn.. the user interface is just awesome...gr8 screen quality and a gr8 processor which is awesome.. nokia gives us a really powerpack phn..videos are on the go... touch is really good... camera is one of the best feature of this phn.......really a good phn to buy under 10000.....
I brought this much hyped phone sometime back. Was very happy to use it until next day when it got switched off permanently and never worked again for me. Tried with charging and the first aid tips present in Windows/Nokia site, nothing helped so I called flipkart and they arranged the replacement without any arguments. So I was happy again to get the same phone back after 3 days. I was using it and finding it nice until I plugged in the ear phones, I realized that there is no sound in one speaker and only one is working when earphones are completely plugged in. this was disgusting and I called flipkart again, detailed them the problem and this time they arranged for money back without any problem. But both the sets I used were DEFECTIVE from Nokia itself. Both were sealed when I got them, so no complaints to flipkart but Nokia sucks!!
1. Snapdragon withi 512 Ram, 2. Music Downloading really will like specially in case of 2G. 3. Easy to use and quality is really awesome when we;ll compare it with Android semi range mobiles.. 4 Its display is amazing and video watching amazing... Cons:- 1 whats app. trully poor in use in 520 :( and not video sharing and audio only recording.. :( 2. blutooth music and video not available.
Hi, I got my phone from flipkart yesterday and saw a stiker saying 1gb 3g data for 2 month upto 30 june. But found no way to avail this offer. Anybody knows about this? Customer care of relience sucks , they dont have any info of this. If anybody got this please share. About the phone, its briliant. Touch is not that supersensitive but good. I am yet to explore the phone. bluetooth workign fine, cam is good, panorama is too good, Battery am not sure. Unable to connect wifi but sure its my fault. Normal 2g browsing is good.
Go ahead and buy this if your looking for a phone in 9-10k range. Awsome specs and Windows OS . You might feel annoyed if you've used more jazzier android phones before though, but Windows OS is worth a try...
its compliment to have an additional type of mobile phone such as windows phone. After reading its features i decided to buy it . After buying it is a very unique mobile with its operating system. It has lot of camera features and sharing web services.Only thing in this mobile is that it has 5 mp camera it can also have 8 mp camera. First i used to have spice mobile which doesn't include such features, and don't have a large and attractive display screen . So please regard to my review u can buy this.......
This is a very beautiful and durable budget smart phone. If you want something different from android then without thinking twice just go for it.. Also i like to praise flipkart for their fast and prompt service
Great phone at this cost...Din't expect that Nokia will release such great phones with this price tag. I did not buy from flipkart but bought it from Nokia priority store... Great phone with smooth touch and response...Speedy work done.. with this phone... Jus go for it..
hi guys...just purchased this phone...not from flipkart though.... i found one thing very sad...u can connect to WiFi...but u cant manually change the IP and DNS settings of any windows phone...!! even Microsoft doesn't have a solution for that... Bad thing for all windows phones...:(
After an extensive research on phones (what to buy?), I bought this (not thru flipkart..sorry flipkart I like your service but I got a better deal). I had a negative thought about the touch screen after seeing several Nokia phones but this Nokia phone has a very Sensitive touch...its cool. The look is very nice...affordable....its just 4 days so I am not really aware of the usage of the specs...but the battery life is better...it shows the approx time of Battery levels. The internal memory is also...the camera is also fine.
Fu*king AweIt's always better to review a product you have personally experienced.some Phone!!Let your personality shine through, but it's equally important to provide facts to back up your opinion. Get your facts right!
Quite a good phone for 10000 ... quality of the phone is good. The plastic case looks stylish and modern - much better than the cover of the S series by Samsung. Pros- Modern look Affordable. Decent bundled apps. Expandable storage. Swappable battery. Free offline voice-guided navigation. Cons - Mediocre call quality. No front-facing camera. Lacks built-in flash. Windows Phone app store still lags rivals. Battery not that great. Overall, it is the best phone under 10000 rs
Since it was my 1st smart phone, was really happy initially with the phone. But as i started exploring the phone, I really wish the phone could have offered slightly more. I was aware of the obvious limitations like NO FRONT CAMERA, NO FLASH, ONLY 512 MB RAM, 800 x 480 (235 ppi) RESOLUTION, NO FM, AND MANY MORE. But when I used the phone for a month I found that the battery is not so good, phone heats up if you play games for even half an hour, Limitation of Windows 8 APPS (of course its not a problem of the phone), Poor Loudspeaker, camera completely useless in night, and finally the power/lock button is on the right center side which we tend to always select by mistake whenever one holds the phone! However, for this price ( 9.5K ) I would still say it's a great phone, and better than any phone in the market now! Wish Windows 8 phones have more GAMES and APPS!!!
One of the high points of the Nokia Lumia 520 is the design. That's a hallmark of Nokia's Windows Phones: the entire range is interesting to look at, nice to hold and isn't afraid to use colour. Hence we're holding the yellow 520 and we have to say it's a refreshing change from the sea of black, white or silver phones you find elsewhere.
Here some people who never used any os other then android and are trying to malign the name of w8...they like that shitty android interface that is dumb rather than w8 which is so smart that it manages the files itself...these people are not used to a sophisticated os...i am using this phone for a month now and i can assure you that if you want a descent phone at this price then definitely it should be your pick..and those who expect low light imaging from this basic device please have some sense. ya it have some glitches so what which phone doesn't
Right to the point Pros: 1> Phone hardware is great. Dual core , 5 Meg camera , 4 inch IPS 2> Window OS looks is eye catching But Cons: 1> Many apps which are free in Andriod are paid in Windows 2> When compared to Andriod , one can see the number and variety of apps in Windows are limited 3> Windows does not provide access to the file system. Cannot browse the files in the phone of sd card through phone UI . It Sucks 4> When i put music files manually in the phone , the phone list the file 3 times in the playlist and also plays 3 times too :-( 5> Contacts has to be part of some account . why ? My take 5 star for Hardware but 3 start to the windows OS.
Hi Hemant.. You can use wifi tethering option to connect internet from phone to ypur laptop You can find this option in setting , internet sharing ....turn on it.. Then turn on wifi in your laptop and connect to your phone wifi
i wouldnt say that the phone is a flawless piece of deign.. i dont know if the problem is jus wid me.. i have been using the phone over a couple of weeks.. the phone is quite smooth while using and handles well... but dont know may be its cuz of summer/hightemperatures or wat.. twise or thrice it hanged suddenly.. screen gone blank.. no button responds.. i took off the battery and reput to restart.. if ur 2g internet connection is slow it may effect ur phone's performance.. cuz alot of apps run in background and u cant stop them... gaming performance is normally good but may stuck for a few seconds while playing.. its not a perfectly working piece atleast mine is not... but i dont intend to contact nokia for this only mytime will be wasted... but overall the phone is worth for the price..
dont just look the reviews...this phone is soo coooooll.....its so stable..and lokk windows 8 phone for only 9999....people says that there are less apps in windows store than play store which contains about millions of apps.....but in play store most of the apps may be not as useful..but in windows store there are about 120,000 apps and all of them are really useful......i first looked to buy an android phone but after hearing about nokia lumia 520 i was so amazed......so just buy this cooolll phone........
This phone is just great. One week and i'm loving it. Just one prob,the internet sharing isnt working. When i turn it on....it says that "connection isn't available". Any ideas on how to solve it? The nokia care centre was unable to solve it too... :(
i have used wp7 phone for more than a year but it still lacks a decent facebook app and forget google + and mail apps if you are a frequent social network user forget about windows os they suck i have came back to android after and this nokia phone lacks flash so beware while buying for phone build quality 2 stars
Hello friends, This is another mobile I ordered on 9th May and got a delivery on 12th May.I read many comment before buying this phone. Before this I had a plan to buy Sony experia e because it is a android platform based phone.As per existing reviews on flipkart some people are very happy and some are not. So friends let me tell you one thing if you would expect this phone to perform like 30000 rupees mobile it will not fulfill your expectation. Some of you got a defective piece So my advice to get it replaced because its a sealed product and You can't blame flipkart for this.why I had purchased this phone because it got good hardware for this price.This got new operating platform i.e. windows 8 which has less application compared to android .Some times even i also feel annoying when some needed application not available in store.It has got some disadvantages like no filemanager,Fm,tethering features which is very commonly found in every phone of this price range. I contacted to nokia customer care about this matter to bring these features in next update.If you change phone in a year or two then try this phone.It will be good phone for this price.For social networking user this is a good phone.
its great, one can not expect this @ 9499 the screen touch response is good and it is very fast due to its dual core. . its great, one can not expect this @ 9499 the screen touch response is good and it is very fast due to its dual core. .
Nokia's best entry level windows smartphone. Hardware is pretty decent, there were some initial problems with the network & hardware, it got resolved automatically after 3-4 days of usage. Heats up after an hour of conitnuos usage, which is common in most smartphones when data is used to a larger extent through 2G/3G. Windows has pretty much apps & games in their store, u can download seperately and install, XBOX games are awesome. Battery holds good for a day with data on & normal usage. Continuous usage drains battery in 8 hours.
its an excellent phone with capabilities comparable to high end smart phones, there many games and apps available in the market and there are some games that are worth purchasing such as asphalt 7. great phone.!!!!
well let me talk about its design as no one mentioned in the above reviews.it got a very cool design,nicely fits in ur hand and 4inch screen makes us cheerish. gaming:gaming is good but if microsoft developer releases some popular games like subway surfers n temple run2 soon,we will be happy.some of the popular games at present are istunt2,AEmotor 3D,fruit slash,asphalt 7,gravity guy 1,2 etc. camera:camera is astonishing..the rear cam works too good.pictures captured are apt processor: 1ghz dual core with adreno 305 graphics.simply wow..... coming to applications there are n no.of apps,some of them are whats app,we chat,panorama,viber,skype(we can do a video call with secondary cam),ms office,pdf reader etc unfortunately whats app which is the most daily used app got some problem(sometimes,not everytime) otherwise its fine. tounch and response:well the fluidic touch is really good,and the os response is average. i have been using this phone this 20 days,people ask whats its cost n listening to my answer 10k they are really shocked. what i say is a windows 8 phone with all features under budget of 10k is nokia lumia 520. isnt that cool :D.so better go for lumia rather than going for china companies like mmx and karbon.
Really good phone many of friends in my office liked the cute look... really good speed it has.... Worth for the money Don't invest more than 10,000 for mobiles..my suggestion..................................................
It's the best low cost mobile from NOKIA with WINDOWS OS. Haters plz dont say anything if you have not used it. Using from last month and it's an awesome device. You will just fall in love, believe me. Great performance and who else in the world uses all the apps. Whatever you need it's there. And by the way it's a mobile not your computer that you will place everything. Only the battery is the deal but it's OK you know. Use it to know it :) and Windows 8..It's just awesome. Love this OS. and say no to piracy too!!!
OMG ! on the price of 10K this beauty,only a fool will move to android at this price , actually i want to give 10 out of 5 :P , lack of flash and front facing camera does't affect your smartphone experience , Wise gentry will go for it :)
It's been 2 months since I am using this phone (white) and I should say, it's very good in this price range. - build quality is excellent. It's heavy but can feel sturdiness. - IPS screen is bright with vivid colors (I compared with galaxy advanced); touch is very smooth, if you put touch sensitivity to high, sometimes it responses with finger hover! - Windows 8 is very smooth, even after installing 30+ apps. There are many apps available in store which you really need on day to day bases. Most of these are available for free from Nokia or Microsoft. - Most important is very good integration of all social accounts in one place. Once can check update of fb, twitter, google, msn for any contact individually at one place. Also, in Peoples place all news from your contacts are consolidated so no need to run different apps. - There is no sluggishness, or hangs or reboots so far. - And who don't want to use Microsoft Office on the go with native features with sharing to desktop/laptop through Skydrive? This could be major deciding factor to buy Windows 8 phone. I found this phone best in this price range with all features, considering support/service of Nokia and Windows 8 stability. I bought this directly from Nokia shop in less then 10K in first week of it's launch as part of loyalty offer.
just brought this hand set and just one word for it. ''MASTERPIeCE'' i already own a nokia e7 and sony xperia L. but i should say that windows 8 platform is really great. its user friendly. at first u may face some difficulty using it.but once u get accustomed to it.u will just fall in love with it. we own a nokia care and 2 sales showroom and of all the handsets availaible in the market, this one is the best selling. the long standing myth that WP are underperformers needs to be eradicated.mindsets should change and they should move on to this amazing and innovative product from nokia(thanks to microsoft also :) ) getting a windows 8 phone that too at a price range of 10k is reaaly fascinating! so all users move on from the already congested android world.the glam sham of the android devices are over and they have nothing new to offer.. SWITCH TO NOKIA LUMIA :)
First of all thanks to flipkart for the nice delivery... * Let me directly go to the display,,one of the most brilliant vibrant display I've ever seen..the screen produces all the rich and true colors,,that too with in a very low budget.. * 2ndly the processor,,much fast,,I've been using using android and i can say the windows is much far better than android...And the lumia 520 comes with the latest hardware's that too with in a budget.. * finally,,good looking smart phone easy to hold what else u want.. Just go for it...!!!
Windows Phone is failure. I own Lumia 800 and am very disappointed. They won't support future OS upgrades to current OS. Look at Apple. It will upgrade OS to the oldest of the iPhones. And the worse part is they won't really solve the existing problems too. Like volume problem in all the Lumia products due to Windows Phone 7.8 upgrade.
In the end all that most of us use our phones is for texting, calling, music,camera,whatsapp, internet and trust me Windows Phone lets you do all of it beautifully. And Lumia 520 in specific is a good device for this price range specially compared to androids. And you cant really compare android phone harware with Windows Phone. Androids require minimum a dual core processor to run smoothly while it is not the case with Windows phone beacause it has good hardware software integration, same with ios, afterall iphone 5 too has a dual core processor. If your budget is around Rs.10000 and you want a head ache free device you can trust Nokia with this phone.
I have bought it from outside it's a gud hand set in low budget 1ghz processor gives u faster internet browsing Supports Almost all Apps and games Video Camera Records 780p definition video and 5MP camera gives gud quality photos in dull light also No doubt about Touch Screen it vl works on gloves also Side key's (Volume, Camera & Power Buttons) works smoothly 1430mah battery gives u a Maximum battery life of 1.5 days in stand by and 1 day for internet using or calling Only one thing i didn't understand the Nokia bcoz its hands free only looks gud but it dont have the receive button on it. its a waste using hands free while driving Overall its a gud and worth smartphone in the present market Bcoz of the hands free i'm not giving 5 star
Folks, It is interesting to read the comments on 520 here. You pay 9999 INR and expecting a 20k + experience and features from this phone? No way. I am using this for the last one month. There is no hanging problem for this lumia pack, since it runs with dual core 1 Ghz processor its pretty fast too. The phone weighs very light with 125 gm and it is designed in such a way it looks slim with its 9.9 mm width. The back case might look a bit plasticy, but lookwise it gives a classy look for this price range. The phone has a 233 ppi screen of 4 inch size. it offers a good view of colors on it. The screen surface quality is a bit low compared to other lumias inthe front. Scrolling up and down the start screen is smooth than expected. The camera offers a decent package with the price range. Still, they could have added a flash unit. It captures good images in the daylight where we have an option to changethe ISO till 400 for low light and also have good exposure values. With the upcoming Amber update nokia promises ISO rate increase till 3000 and more smart camera options. The video capturing quality is good with 720p. There will be synchronising issues if you are not using a proper micro sim card. Most of us use a punched sim card. Guess a proper micro sim card will rectify the minor sync prob of mail accounts, facebook and bing lock screen update. Though 520 doesn't support all formats of video playback, it runs video without any lag. BigFlix offers online streaming and downloading, but since we have a cardlot and mass storage option we can easily transfer movie files to the lumia via usb. Nokia Music is one of the highlights of the Lumia series. 80 lakh songs is an awesome collection. But disappointed with the short time free subscription with lumia 520. It's only for 3 months. There is always an option to get a new voucher though. Coming to applications and games, it is an undeniable fact that google play and Ios have more apps, but for a normal human being apps in windows phone is more than enough. still there is always a dream of getting google services officially to Windows Store. This phone is worth for 9999 INR. It offers good specs for the price range. For a new smartphone user this is a good start. For super smart phones you need bigger budget and 20 + in your wallet. Finally, we all should know it is after all a phone, not a computer and you are getting it for such a low price. For those are facing strange troubles, try to explore your phone giving ample time or visit nokia care
PROS- -WP8 are buttery smooth...they don't lag at all like androids -You will love the animations used by windows and its home screen -Deep integration with social network -Here maps and here drive are just awesome -Touch is flawless -For those who think there is not much variety of browsers.....this phone uses INTERNET EXPLORER 10.....which will not let you down(although m a big fan ban of opera but still ie10 is also gr8) -Display quality is best in this range of mobile -APPS-u will get near about all useful apps u used in android -Xbox concept is awesome....u can download a lot of adictive online games in this -Office is very useful CONS- - As we all know this is a new operating system....so app developers will need time to improve there applications...so can find some apps malfunctioning -No orientation lock....so u find urself hard to use mobile while sleeping(#it sucks) -Battery life is not as much as expected...but still not less then android in this range -A little bit heating problem is there...but its not an issue....every smart phone heats -Same volume key for everything....so if i m playing game in less sound....n i forget to increase it again.....them it will ring in less volume too....(#it sucks) Still u cant ignore this phone over these cons.... its pretty good...i m using this phone from last two weeks :)
Want a fully loaded phone, but cannot afford it? No worries. The Nokia Lumia 520 is your dream come-true. With lovely features only available in high-end smartphones and dazzling looks, my Nokia Lumia 520 is also a supreme performer with great speed and battery life. Its 1 GHz Qualcomm snapdragon S4 processor and 512 MB RAM redefines speed for this range of smartphones. For game lovers like me, this is the phone to have. Its 800 x 480 clear quality display and allows me to enjoy unending entertainment on the go. I just love the Live Tiles on the home page which are very convenient for access as well as to receive notifications. I have set them according to my needs. At just 124g, my Nokia Lumia 520 is very lightweight and slim. It comes in 5 different colours, and I chose mine in hot red. My dazzling red Lumia 520 with a slight curve at bottom attracts everyone around me. Quite cool, right! I am a music devotee and the Nokia Mix Radio has become my temple. Be it online or offline, I listen to my favourite tunes whenever I want. My phone sports speakers at the rear bottom end and volume keys at right, which are easy to access. I always have my phone memory full of large playlists, many photo albums and work-related files. My Lumia 520 comes with 8 GB phone memory which is expandable to 64 GB using a microSD card. Now I am free of ‘memory-full’ problems. Also the 7 GB cloud storage on SkyDrive helps me store and access my stuff on the cloud from wherever I am. According to me, a good phone is one that can capture amazing pictures. With a 5 MP camera, my Lumia 520 is quite capable of this. The quality of snaps is classy. The integrated Smart Shoot is the best photo tool ever. I can take multiple pictures in a single click and then edit them. With Cinemagraph I can make the animate still images. Wide-angled photos add beauty to my memories. Credits to the Panorama feature on my phone! My Lumia 520 also has great 720p video recording capabilities. Now, I don’t have to miss any activity worth remembering. Windows 8 needs no introduction. With it come MS Office support, Nokia HERE location app and Nokia Mix Radio. MS Office support is the best feature for busy bees like me to work without having to go to my pc every time. The super-sensitive touch screen is a relief from frustrating touch screens that would not budge even after loads of clicks. Also, I can now operate it without taking my gloves off in the frigid weather. The HERE location app on my Lumia 520 is a genie for travelling lovers and wanderers like me. It is extremely specific with its directions. I just need to pack my bag and off I go! I recommend the Nokia Lumia 520. I totally love it.
This phone is worth for features its offering at this price tag. I have been using lumia 510 before this one, let me tell you guys this one is alot better than its 510. Nokia with windows 8 is awesome buy. this is the best phone for this price range, considering better service quality which does not come with cheap phone like micromax, korboon etc
I would keep this review short and just sum up the pros and cons of this device and enlist them, Pros: 1.Super sensitive touchscreen, works great and very easy to navigate. 2.Full HD video playback with sharp picture quality. 3.Never lags or hangs, very smooth OS. 4.Plenty of useful apps available in the windows store. 5.Office package is outstanding almost as good as a PC. 6.Sound is good. Cons: 1.Camera is not up to the mark,outdoor shots are okay but indoor shots are not so good, video recording is also not that great. 2.Can't access documents directly from the SD card. 3.Charging time is a little longer than expected. But,considering the price its a great phone.
best phone for ten thousand . easy to use . comfortable. the thing is why no front camera? why ?why ? why ? nice phone.... windows phones have less apps but they that does not matter . ;) ;) especially this is a nice phone for teens.... works really good... super sensitive touch !!!!! ahhhh!!! very good phone...... really affordable !!! ;) ;) windows phones are better than android phones.....
hello all,i got this phone through flipcart, it was delivered to me in less than 24hours(which is quicker than what is said on the website:).By the looks it is very nice,the colors are very bright they stand out you can also change the shell,so it does not get boring after a while.The screen has good clarity it is quiet big also it is perfect for watching videos:)The 1gz processor is very helpful it is fast.the screen is highly sensitve so if you are with gloves its cool!but if you guys are crazy about the apps i guess you should go for an android because the apps are not as good as android.The good ones are mostly paid but basic apps like facebook,whatsapp are all free.It is very light also.I have had this phone for a month now and i have no complaints against the performance i am a happy nokia customer
Bought it yesterday from a nokia priority store as it is not available in stock at Flipkart. Great hardware- Qualcomm Krait dual core processor. The windows 8 interface is awesome and intuitive. Cant take eyes off the screen. Tiles are very well designed. Good apps inside. All necessary apps are available at windows market place. Call clarity is excellent. Power management features are inbuilt and no requirement of any additional software. Nokia care app guides you to make the best of your mobile. Camera is dull at low light but immaterial considering the undr 10k price and windows 8. Grea buy
Pros Awesome Touch Sensitivity Awesome Interface Awesome Call Quality Awesome Sound Quality Awesome Display Quality Awesome Build Quality Awesome Touch and Feel Flash player, MS office, IE, 3G, Wifi Cons No FM radio No flash No Front Camera Bad earphone in pack (u can buy other) No Dropbox Speaker gets mute if you cover it
this phone is the best phone of its range... performance multitasking and operation is very fast and smooth...and buying in flipkart is another grt thng... now coming to the problems in it... 1)it don't have equalizer and the music quality is worst... 2) u dnt get any sort of screen protection with the box piece and u have to buy it additionally. 3) the phone quality is very delicate and we can expect mre quality for its cost... 4) no file manager and can not check your files. 5) battery life is average.
I bought this phone (Black Color) for my wife. I'm a basically a User Experience Designer, So I would like share something from a user perspective. Pros Excellent phone and windows 8 OS rocks. Camera is really good. Touch screen is really sensitive. Ease of use and windows themes give your phone always having a fresh look. Solid build. My baby, she is three years old used to play games in this phone. She can't hold it properly and many times it fall down. Nothing happened so far. I think to an extend this phone can survive by accidental fall down. Conns. Low light photography having some clarity issues. But it's compromising in proper day light conditions. No separate volume control for games and windows default volume. Windows phone App store still need to come up with more free Apps like android. It seems everyday lots of apps coming. So sooner or later it can beat android or iOS. Over all it's a good phone and you can trust its build quality and Nokia's after sale service.
I am using Lumia 800, and recently bought this Lumia 520. WOW!!!!! THIS PHONE IS AMAZING.. Thats all I can say.. Plz go for it and am sure you wont get disappointed. Love this when compared to Andriod phones....
This is one of the best phone in this price range, you name the feature it is available in it, apps are really cool and fresh, the phone console looks great and matured and over all it is good buy for the money.
i bought this mobile last week and i am very surprised with the performance of this beautiful handset .its as smooth as silk touch is just so good.windows 8 OS is also cool.good camera and very very good battery. according to me at this price range its the best handset today and it can even handsets int he range of 15000. i think one of the best handset by nokia after 6600. close your eyes and buy this awesome mobile.
phone is very nice and it is in reasonable price rather than any andriod fone. everything is positive but there are some negative too, 1. you cannot share any video and music neither thru whatsapp, gmail nor thru blue tooth. 2. doesnt come wid flash 3. its get a bit hotter near camera. 4. not a high end gaming fone. 5. you cannot design its main screen as compared to android. other than this all is well
I have preordered it and got it on 13th april. today is 26th april, till today i have no complain about it . everything is perfect and i like the smooth interface and agree that there are not much app like laggy android but it still manageable so if u want great hardware , good camera , smooth interface, nokia music, lots of internal memory then go for it and if want a colorful and laggy interface , lots of crap apps( and some good games)then choose an android but no phone it 10k price range offer this type of specification.
Nokia lumia 520 is simply superb in all aspects, the only problem is the battery life, I was using Samsung wave II earlier, battery life no where comes close to it. Phone gets heated up quite a bit around the camera region when applications like whatsapp are used for even 15 minutes. Overall, it's a great product @ 10,000
This is the 3rd phone in my life that i've bought and i'm the one who uses his phones for a long time. After Nokia 6600 and Nokia 5230 and after reading several reviews online, i finally decided to go for the Lumia 520 (My friends said i would get a Nokia Loyalty Award for this.!) and believe me it doesn't disappoint. For all those who want a new phone different and more stylish then all those similar looking Samsung Android Phones and 5 inch Phablets, Windows 8 phones are the ones to go for. And above it, Nokia seems a touch better with its Lumia series compared to HTC models 8S and the higher version 8X. Now the Lumia 520 - One Word - Awesome .!! As soon as you grab the phone and start swiping your thumb on it, you'll realize how smooth the interface is compared to any other smart phone out there. Well it'll take time to get used to the Live Tiles on Windows 8, but when you do, U'll surely love it. Thanks to Flipkart's prompt turnaround time, I got the phone in 2 days time and i'm extremely happy for it. --> Now, the tech specs are known by everyone 4 inch screen .. camera .. memory .. processor bla bla but what you need to know is this phone is truly a breeze while operating the brand new Windows 8 interface and the accounts sync feature is a real path breaker on Windows 8 Phones. --> Design - The design is really a smooth affair and the phone fits perfectly to your palm as if Nokia made it customized for You. --> Accounts Sync Feature - All your facebook friends combined with your phone contacts give you a completely new experience of social networking. --> Music - The music quality is mind blowing even on the speakers. However You should get yourselves a good earphone piece if u r one of those who love their music. (Donate the headphone in the box :P) --> Battery - One drawback is the battery - Well a bit disappointing from Nokia but it depends on your usage and the power saver option is also available in Settings. --> Camera - The Camera is quite satisfying as regards quality and the Smart Shoot and Panorama features of Lumia 920 are a great add on at this price. However there is No Flash and No Front Camera. Sad. --> Overall performance will be satisfactory and the Lumia 520 hardly falls behind the other Lumia series phones. (Ignoring Flash and Front Camera) Finally, for a new Windows 8 interface and the Brand of Nokia, and Flipkart with a 4 figure price for this product, all those who want a brand new innovative phone and wanna get your hands off the Samsung Galaxy, Go for the Lumia 520 and budget permits, Go for the latest Lumia 720, or 820 or the King of Lumias - The Lumia 920. :D
Product is rocking in every behavior -- - Smooth Touch (one of the finest touch that most of the phone above 18K doesn't have) - Lightning Fast Snapdragon processor doesn't even make you feel slow with 512 MB RAM. - Added beauty and performance with Windows 8 - Ultimate Camera performance with 5MP without flash (Nokia always scored good in this area). - Proved it self to be called as best Smart-phone Cons - - All cons to less apps in windows marketplace - Battery Backup is not that impressive.
I own this phone and i found many negative points. *can't add ringtones directly. connect to computer and then do. *can't access the memory card. *no pdf viewer. *apps are mostly paid, and slow. *no seek bar in video playing. that is you cannot go forward or backward. *when you connect your facebook and other accounts, your phone will be flushed with the facebook photos,contacts etc etc.. which irritates alot. *If a music file dnt hav any artist name, genre, album name, but only have file name, These types of files are like lost in the phone. u cannot trace them at all. *no separate folders for your apps photos and videos. for example take whatsapp in android, it has a folder for photos and videos but in windows , photos will be saved in saved pictures folder. and the videos saved at that place , even the phone dnt kno. To play those videos, go to that contact in whatsapp, and then u can play that video. but same here, u cannot transfer it. *when a call comes, the phone will vibrate only twice! then only the ringing sound. most users dnt find this a problem, but for me it is. *media volume and phone ringing volume cannot be controlled separately. The only thing i like about the phone is the windows presentation and the phone design.
I have been a heavy Android user and now I have been tired of it. I sold my old Android ( Samsung Galaxy Grand) and Planned to buy a new ,cheaper phone with a good look . I wanted a phone that is easier to live with and should be good in key features such as Looks , Display etc. Then I found the Lumia which fits the bill perfectly.I bought it and I'm satisfied with it except for the lack of Flash in camera and Heating up of phone. Otherwise its a gorgeous phone with a killer Price Tag.
I got my lumia 520 smart phone within 4 days of order placed to flipkart,delevery was good and Every thing is awesome in this phone,but phone is heat up when at charging are playing songs or doing some heavy work ,Touch is very smooth,camera is clear in day time but in low light it is bad,one important thing is that Nokia must think seriously about battery backup issue.
Red colour vibrant isn't available any where I searched a lot of store and finally after a couple of weeks flipkart got it Just ordered one and expecting flipkart for fabulous service as always just can,t stop myself from grabbing it
Delivery of Product by flipkart is superb. Lumia 520 is very nice product for mediocre use. Instread of 512 mb RAM if would have been 1gb then it would have been nice to use as power user.
It's just a Superb....mobile .............!!! *nice camera *good gps with voice *....................... ........... ............ .............. ............. ............. .............. ................. ................. .............
I am enjoying Windows 8 features, complete new look & feel, those guys who looks for new UI & who feels bhor with Andriod they can purchase Windows 8 Mobile. Coming to Lumia 520, it is an excellent mobile @10k, unbelievable platform at this price. Hope Lumia will rock in market!!
Friends, Few days back I bought this phone. Through Lumia range Nokia have redefined concept of user experience. In term of user experience I think its a superb phone. Full marks for touch, screen, tiles movement, animation, speed & build quality. Again Nokia proved that when it comes to hardware, they are ahead of any other players in the market. Windows 8 is come back by Microsoft. Few shotcomings includes sync with mail accounts, whats app & facebook. Some of the issues faced be me are : 1) I am not able to share photographs on facebbok (Only option of like & comment) 2) Aftersetting gmail & yahoo account, they fetched mails only till last 2 days. Old mails are not there in my mailbox. But in this range of 9 -10K, with this shortcomings also this amazing phone. Go grab the colour of your choice.
Microsoft and Nokia has done good home work. Windows Phone OS is Original and Intuitive - though a bit of unlearning is needed if you are come from other mobile eco system. Display and Rending is fabulous - I could never read web page or watch video this well in other competing smart phone. Reading text is pleasure very much like e-ink reader(Kindle) but in color.. can't stop appreciating reading pleasure on this phone. OS is very well integrated and is it pleasure and nothing else. Phone build quality is solid and way better to other Samsung phone that I have used so far. Called up Nokia help on phone for some help and they have been extremely professional and helpful. Navigation is another delight and it can be used without network too since Nokia can let you download India map on your phone. Music service that comes FREE is a boon to music lovers To summaries - A great phone, great OS, great Nokia apps like Drive, Music and great customer service from Nokia. It's a smart choice.
This little giant is awesome at this price range. Really a unique interface when compared to Android OS. I love it for sure...Presently I own S2. But I love this phone of my friend... Impressive!!! You will know when you have hands on...Trust Me!!
whatsapp messages recieves with some delay,,,nice phone but not user friendly,,,cant use music files as ringtones,,dont know why but data connection stops while roaming..sometimes gets hanged also,,,heating while charging & calling is also a concern,,,overall nice phone
just bought it 1 week ago...vry happy nd proud unlike common android fones its smthn diffrnt nd worth :-)...windows os rockss !!....try it u wont regret it...simply lovin it :-))...all features packed :-)
good phone with what they promise.. but there are some features missing in phone may annoy you. 1. Radio FM is missing initially, but after OS update it works super. 2. drains battery so fast with data connection open. And the battery is also near about 1400 MaH. I feel not enough. 3. No flash light. So no creativity in darkness. But the device is really nice build and good looking. Windows Os is something worth using. Just a limitation of apps in market place. but felt really fast processing in all apps. never felt the lag or slowness. 4.5 for the budget and the features. for Flash light.
Unfortunately I bought this mobile,it has a lot of good and bad points See the following Pros: Display:Display is so good Touch:Touch is smoother than android. Video:Video quality is good for watching Hd movies Camera:Average Battery :Average Cons: 1.Don't have file manager. 2.Audio quality is worssttttttttt,when going to settings for audio there is nothing to display 3.No graphic equalizer for audio 4.The mobile has serious heating issue 5.No any good apps,Most of the apps are worst as compared to android 6.No Gtalk,Skype..no any google products.Skype does not work 7.Camera and sound button does not work properly, 8.Bluetooth transfer for image and mp3 is not possible 9.It has a serious heating issue 10.No any good apps.All apps are paid ,Most of them are worst as compared to andorid 11.Internet explorer has not forward/backward button 12.No seprate button for controlling ringtone volume and music volume 13. And a lot of issues are getting every day..... These are the reason why nokia is falling down in the market while android rules the smartphone market.I bought this mobile for Rs.9500 from the shop.
Initially i thought of buying it from flipkart , but it is always out of stock on flipkart whenever i check , so finally i bought it from a local nokia store for the same price and now i am in love with my first smart phone , it has all features which i want
Nokia has done a miracle, I am using iphone 5 as well, still there are no significant differences in cell phones, (and difference of 35000 is there) in looks and performance, upto 64GB memory, cleam interface, hats off to Nokia for 520, a pathsetter for all companies Forgot every other brand, and phome unto 30000, go for it. PS: display and touch quality are simply gorgeous.
In 1 word it is the "best". I ordered on 30th march and recieved it yesterday. The delivery was bit slow. The phone is amazing. Very good touch, good music, video quality is awesome. Overall very good.
I was searching for a budget mobile for the last couple of months.I have used android mobile and owning iphone3GS , but whatever costlier phone you buy in android it hangs often without fail so i fed up with android. Luckily i come to know about this one bought it immediately.This is my review after one week of its usage. Pros: -- same configuration as like lumia 620 except front cam but u can save 3.5K -- great look and feel -- amazingly responsive touch screen -- good battery life easily lasts more than a day -- good alternative for android Cons: -- no front cam -- less no of app (but essential apps are available) -- no compas Verdict: If you really fed up with android and budget is only 10-12k then this is it, you will never regret.
I have been using the phone for past 1 week.the phone is awesome with great features and UI which u cant imagine for this price.I was using blackberry curve so wanted a change with the same complicated style to rediscover the deepness which i found in this lumia.you will be totally engaged with the phone since its windows os and user friendly too which you find with the computer os.applications are there which we need and is usefull too not as android which has millions of applications which make us mad.the display is too good with great sense of touch.have to say battery life is just 1 day which u get with all other phones too.which we can compromise.many more pros and cons.for the time being go ahead for a worthy bargain by buying LUMIA 520.
I am using this phone from one week and it's running perfect &. It's smooth touch & display are awesome and it looks premium. According to me, it's going to be the best seller among all brands in the 10-15 K range.
i bought it from local market and got it for 10k with 8gb transcend card,, awasam phone.. nice screen dont wait if u r looking for lowa budgt smart phone w8 is also super.... ....................................................
Nagesh Shetty, this phone comes with Mirco Sim slot. this phone is worth of money. only problem i faced is it gets heated little when i use whatsapp for about 30 mins ( I find the same with HTC One X ), Hike app works as best alternative with no problems on windows OS., whats app has some bug like it increases load on processor and it gets heated
Seems Lumia 520 meets the guidelines for exposure to radio waves recommended by international guidelines. However to see the SAR values under standard tests, do a google search for "sar value lumia 520" and open the nokia site which reads "Nokia Lumia 520 User Guide - Additional safety information". Follow this for different Lumia models to see the SAR values. Btw, I'm posting the info for Lumia 520 for your reference. Certification information (SAR) This mobile device meets guidelines for exposure to radio waves. Your mobile device is a radio transmitter and receiver. It is designed not to exceed the limits for exposure to radio waves recommended by international guidelines. These guidelines were developed by the independent scientific organisation ICNIRP and include safety margins designed to assure the protection of all persons, regardless of age and health. The exposure guidelines for mobile devices employ a unit of measurement known as the Specific Absorption Rate or SAR. The SAR limit stated in the ICNIRP guidelines is 2.0 watts/kilogram (W/kg) averaged over 10 grams of tissue. Tests for SAR are conducted using standard operating positions with the device transmitting at its highest certified power level in all tested frequency bands. The actual SAR level of an operating device can be below the maximum value because the device is designed to use only the power required to reach the network. That amount changes depending on a number of factors such as how close you are to a network base station. The highest SAR value under the ICNIRP guidelines for use of the device at the ear is 1.09 W/kg. Use of device accessories may result in different SAR values. SAR values may vary depending on national reporting and testing requirements and the network band. Additional SAR information may be provided under product information at www.nokia.com/ . All Nokia products comply with international and, where adopted, country specific standards and guidelines for limiting human exposure to electromagnetic fields. These international standards and guidelines were adopted after thorough reviews of the science. Those reviews do not establish a link between the use of mobile devices and adverse health effects when the device is operating within the international standards and guidelines. We are required by the India Department of Telecommunications to include in this user guide the following guidance on precautionary measures: You can limit exposure to radio frequency energy by either using the device in good reception conditions or using a hands-free kit (e.g., Bluetooth headset, wired headset, internal loudspeaker, etc). A further precautionary measure especially for children, pregnant women and adolescents would be to keep calls short and consider sending a text message (e.g., SMS) instead. You should always ensure that the SAR value of your mobile device is below the limit set by the India Department of Telecommunications. Information about the SAR level of Nokia devices sold in India can be obtained from Nokia’s website at www.nokia.com/ . Your mobile device is also designed to meet the requirements for exposure to radio waves established by the India Department of Telecommunications. These requirements set a SAR limit of 1.6 W/kg averaged over one gram of tissue. The highest SAR value reported under this standard during product certification for use at the ear is 1.47 W/kg.
Guys bought this phone 2 days ago...Im experiencing a minor problem. while speaking on the the phone during calls it vibrates at the Back panel area .I tried to reduce the speaker volume even then the problem exists.. .Is it because of the slim nature of the phone or is it really some other problem which needs attention...Hav anyone of u experienced this problem..or shud i take it to the service centre...Pls help...
This is a must buy phone under 10k.This one beats samsung s duos by miles except for seconday camera and flash.Windows 8 is stable and smooth.The only problem i felt is that you should be extra careful while removing back cover and when inserting the cover back .Make sure the side buttons are in the correct postion. when i purchased this phone the camera button was stuck i solved this by adjusting the postion of back cover ONE MORE THING YOU MIGHT GET THIS PHONE UNDER 10K in LOCAL STORES . Flipkart's cutomer service and support JUST "SUPERBBB....".
Got my Lumia 520 yesterday! The Phone is quite fine so far! At least much better fan 510. I have no idea why people would now buy 510 for almost d same price! The cons in dis phone r quite forgivable for d affordable price, like no front camera, poor headphone quality. I have to buy another good quality headphone now!
What to say about Nokia Lumia 520, users who already posted reviews with 5 star rating are really genius to express their opinion about Nokia 520 and given such a rating as Lumia 520 deserves such rating at entry level phone, definitely it lacks in gaming but do in my opinion it should not be compared with the high-end smartphones as it is an entry level phone by Nokia in such a competitive. Hats off to Nokia and I also congratulate Nokia to give their best answers to its competitors.
PLease open the back panel and move the dedicated camera button upwards & insert it again, it should work fine, if you dont know how to opn the back panel/removable shell search in google, i had the same problem i sorted it out myself. I got the cell from nokia priority on monday, ita great device for the money, before buying one should be aware that Here City Lens wont work in this!! thats not a great deal for me but for others it is! Apart from that everything is good!! if You Want to now more about WindowsPhone Visit Wpcentral(dot)com
its gr8 product and its value for money, only deterrent is not having FM radio in it . Nokia could have easily done this . overall good buy , i am loving this gadget....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
I am totally delighted ! Even though it is a 10K phone , in hand it feels as if I am using a 25K phone . It has a beautiful look and top of it super cool and sensitive touchscreen ! The phone is full packed with features ! Games better than the one in Andriod ! The graphics are outstanding ! Before buying I compared it to 6 phones including lumia 620 . Out of all odds , , this phone stood first ! The phone is fast , thanks to dual core processor ! U won't regret it once bought ! The camera is awesome !! It is much better than any cyber shot camera ! Just go for it ! BEST PHONE UNDER 11K !
Hi, Now I have been using my Lumia 520 proudly since 10th April 2013. Good enough period to test it in real time conditions. And my feedback is - AWESOME , WAS SMARTER THAN ANDRIODS/SAMSUNG PLASTICS!! Points: 1- BATTERY - Optimum upto one & half day in normal usage with internet always on like whatsapp/wechat/skype etc. Battery drains as per usage. Satisfied. 2- LOOKS- 5/5 - Super build quality+Great looks+Durable material used+Nice Screen 3- WINDOWS 8 - Innovation always rules. Way better than Andrioid. Yes, lesser Apps' pool than Android/Apple Store but hpow does that matter having 1000s apps for like calculator, currency converters etc..??? So does not matter. 4- GENERAL FEEL--> User Friendly and Smooth Windows powers it. I am loving everything about it. 5- VIDEO CHAT - SKYPE (MAGIC PART)--> It does not have a front camera BUT--> I can do a SKYPE VIDEO CHAT as back camera of 5 MP quality automatically gets active and it transfers video to other party. AWESOME-BRILLIANT THIS IS. I just did it as recent as 30 mins back. 6- TOUCH SCREEN - It is great and love to feel. Above the rest. 7- USER INTERFACE looks simply awesome and beats out the rest UI of Android or Apple etc. 8- PRICE - 10000 bucks!! really--> Yes! So GRAB IT! Others sell cheap low performing plastics with third grade cameras in this price and even above it. 9- PERFORMANCE - Smooth as butter. 10 - BACK CAMERA - No flash so in dark situations, yes you will face lack of light. But except for exposure in dark, quality of lens if perfect. That too in this price range, it rocks!!! FINAL VERDICT-> BUY THIS MAGIC TO FEEL IT. You will only say higher. AMAZING AND TRULY INTELLIGENT PRODUCT BY NOKIA. Thanks Flipkart. Regards.
Hi, I m happy to own this product, it have all that i want from a phone. after doing lots of comparison with other phones i opted it. rest i bet for now at this price range no one is offering same features. and can say we all have an emotional attachment with Nokia. Almost everyone's 1st mobile in the family was Nokia. I trust its quality. Dont just blindly go for it, do your R&D, Comparisons with other phones hope it will suit ur needs. Don't under estimate it as it comes with 8GB internal memory, 14 hours of talktime... IE 10 browser, document viewer and so many powerful features.
