MOBDGH4FJYGDDPCE
Why should you buy Lumia 620? 1] Dual shot panels looks cool and indeed sturdy. There are a bunch of colors to choose from. 2] Best display with Nokia - ClearBlack technology. Use it under a direct sunlight with no difficulty. 3] Nokia apps are just awesome and very helpful. Nokia Music, Mix Radio, Here Drive, Here Maps, Here Transit, Here City Lens and may more for free. Remember you get the offline maps and Nokia Music only on Nokia devices. 4] Camera with Smart Shoot. One click will take several shots, pick the best you like. You also get a front facing camera for video calls. 5] Snapdragon™ S4 - Dual-core 1 GHz processor with 512 MB RAM. Trust me this is more than sufficient to run this device butter smooth. 6] The last and the best part is it’s a Windows Phone. Use this for few days and I'm sure you'll never touch any other OS. Thank you
NOTE: This review was posted few days ago and it was most useful review according to users vote. Flipkart deleted it for no reason or who knows if somebody at Flipkart also fears of rise of Windows Phone! On a serious note, being user of Galaxy SII and Lumia 820 (WP8), I have used both platforms extensively and I couldn't agree more to this review so re posting it! ------ Why should you buy WP? Why not Android or iOS? Best answer is WP does BASIC tasks very efficiently. WP is not app-centric like Android or iOS. Few Examples: 1. You can integrate all contacts from all ur accounts (Facebook, Hotmail/Outlook, Google, LinkedIn, twitter etc.) into single place called people's hub. You can create a group, by choosing some people & name that group, then pin it to start. That group tile only contains info about those people u selected. If u swipe right side, you get all updates from all set accounts in single place like Facebook wall/tweets etc. If you use android or iOS, you must install multiple apps and jump between them and there are some 3rd party apps too but their experience is very dull and not polished compared to integrated approach of WP. 2. Pressing camera key launches camera no matter where u are, even if phone is locked (long press camera button). Snap a pic and instantly share it in any way u want (NFC, Mail, Bluetooth etc). Same works for search button. Many times you install applications related to camera. In android u must launch that app for using it. In WP, launch camera normally and press lenses option & u get list of all apps related to camera and u can simply choose one from list and bam! You get the functionality of the app , don't like that lens? Choose another or download more from store. 3. Tiles: You can pin your favourite web pages, videos, albums, documents, contacts etc. to ur homescreen for quick access. You can also pin shortcuts for switching on/off Bluetooth, WiFi etc. You can also pin Tiles for stocks, weather, news etc. Live tiles help u to see what’s happening; they get updated in real time. Overall interface of WP is very clean, intuitive & consistent across the OS and even the third party apps. 4. Kid's Corner: You have kids? Then Kid's corner is for you. It’s is like a phone inside another phone. Turn on kid's corner and add apps, games, music which you want to allow access. When u press lock button, phone gets turned on and now swipe towards right, u get second lock screen for your kid. Kid's corner cuts off connectivity and prevents children from access or messing with data. Don't have kids? Use it like "Media centre" or "Nokia centre" with specific apps u selected. I turned kid's corner into media centre with all media stuff. You can also use it as Guest account by adding all non-personal apps so that you can handover ur phone to anyone without privacy concerns. 5. Sky Drive: Sky Drive uploads automatically whatever photos and contacts u added in your phone to the cloud- as Outlook or Google. You can turn off if u want, but it’s quite useful because data is safe on cloud. 6. Don’t forget Nokia & MS apps. They are awesome! Office and Office 365 suite is integrated in OS along with Exchange server for business users. There are official apps for other MS productivity tools like Lync. Nokia HERE Drive is only true offline voice guided turn by turn navigation suite in whole world! You can download country or state maps and navigate offline when there is no data connectivity or no data roaming in odd places you may have to travel. What else you want?! If you do, HERE maps, city lens and transit apps complete location based experience. I have found all those apps by MS and Nokia very useful on various occasions. And it’s free! ------- Sure, I can make even bigger list guys, but my point is simple, After u use WP for a month or two, it’s hard to go back to app-centric Android. At this price, no android device can play any high end game anyway apart from normal games, forget the rich UX and functionality of WP. Many restrictions of WP7.x are removed in WP8. It supports drag and drop, no need of Zune or Windows Phone app (it’s optional). BT file sharing is built in and works flawlessly with any other device. Kernel is changed to Windows NT so that apps are easy to port from Windows 8 and RT. Unity engine is supported for gaming so games are easy to port from Android and iOS. Expect many new apps and games in coming days to WP8 due to these core changes. Expandable memory is added. Dual band WiFi is available on all WP8 Lumia phones. Only other devices having it are iPhone 5, iPad 4 , Galaxy S3 , Note 2 and iPod Touch 5th gen. Every other phone has 2.4 Ghz WiFi which is slower than 5 Ghz band. Get the phone guys, it’s awesome. I think Lumia 620 is the lowest price phone with so many features you get in 30k range smartphones like NFC, Dual Band WiFi, Dual Core S4 krait Qualcomm processor, Dolby sound enhancements, rich recording dual microphones etc.
1st I am not gonna hurl or throw abuses at any OS Andorid, Ios, Blackberry, Windows or Symbian S40 or S 60 because i understand the hard work put in to create a OS and ever OS has its + and - points. Since 2 of my previous reviews on LUMIA 620 got deleted while getting submitting am gonna keep this one short Lumia + points 1. New feel (the OS i was bored with android) 2. No Lag (android in this range has some) 3. Best 5 megapixel Camera (better than Xperia Sola and HTC Desire X) 4. Best Hardware. 5. Best screen quality (better than Sony Sola, Go and HTC) 6. Best Quality (sturdy product) 7. Can Play 720p HD videos no android stock video player in this price range can handle it 8. Reads most Video and audio Formats more than stock android players. 9. Battery lasts more than in android, 7-8 hours of music + 30 mins of net + 1 hour of news reading on my BBC nd CNN app battery lasted me 2 days 10. battery saver mode improves battery life significantly. 11. Best facebook, twitter,linkedin integration. 12. E mail integration is the best. 13. searching for songs, contacts or apps on your phone is much easier than on an android. TIME 2 REMOVE MISS-CONCEPTIONS 1. Bluetooth sharing of audio and video file is possible through bluetooth with other non windows phones. 2. Whats app works fine + audio and video sharing is possible 3. PDF reader can be downloaded from the internet. 4. Most poppular apps are there and more are coming every day. SHORTCOMINGS 1. If ur a gamer then apps and games are less 2. Inability to download music + videos from sites other than Nokia music and youtube but then again even I phone doesn't have it that's what makes it a secure platform. (But that's something Nokia and Microsoft should work on). 3. Playlist cant be created but u can select songs of ur choice and put them in D Now Playing List. (Nokia and Microsoft should work on this asap, u can download a music player from D Marketplace). 4. No file manager (personally i don't need one). 5. No notification panel ( Microsoft is working on it). CONCLUSION When i jumped on the Windows bandwagon i knew the platforms shortcomings but i wanted to experience something new i was tired of D laggy all the same android interface (not that i hate android it's a great OS, but i feel its over customized by manufacturers which makes it slow and laggy). Even though it might have its short comings i love my Lumia 620. for any query u feel free 2 ask i check out the review section for Nokia Lumia 620 everyday to read others reviews.
This is the best smart phone in this class & price range. Phone build quality is excellent, though its not uni body. Changing the colors is so refreshing. Camera is terrific even if it doesn't have Carl Zeiss lens. Front camera is good too. Good touch interface & very smooth. Windows Mobile 8 is sexy & joy to use on this device. All the Nokia apps are great like maps, drive, citilens, smartshoot to name a few. Some useless apps available in android & ios are not available here but who cares about useless apps. Best phone one can get at this price. Just go for it.
After using lumia 920 for couple of weeks i was somewhat disappointed as it was not upto the mark as promised by nokia but after i bought this device for my friend i just fell addicted. No doubt this is best windows phone also it has outrun the androids or blackberries in the mid range. Seriously there is no lag as the dual core easily handles all apps. The available ram is also enough. Also the camera is one of the best i have seen in this range. Moreover the office 365 is the best you will get. Android os doesnt even come closer to lumia 620 in regard of business features and ui performance. So just go for lumia 620. Dont even think of getting android or blackberry or anything else:)
i choose this one among hundreds of other cells having price tag from 8k to 16k. n believe me, no other cell ever made me to think that is lumia 620 better than that or not. since i m not a radio lover ( when 8+16GB memory is with you, still you r dying for songs on radio ), not even a single issue i found in it. 3.8" sceeen, 1ghz Qualcomm processor, 512mb ram ( enough for windows), 14hrs battery backup ( show me just 1 android with even 7hr battery back up) SAR value is also just 0.8 ( no radiations related issue ). believe me guys, i waited for it for last 3 months.. windows cells are famous for smooth processing, not like androids which hangs and hangs.. and the crystal clear 246ppi display.. just amazing guys.. only handful of sets have such dense ppi.. :) just buys it with your closed eyes.. u will never regret it.. :-) don't wait for april for price to get increased..
Guys buy this Phone!! In this Price range don't Even think about other Phones!! 1. Unlike Android there is no differentiation in Windows Phone 8, you will get the same experience as High End Phones ex(NL 920, 8x etc). 2. This Phone has Adreno 305 which is better than NL920 and the performance is still smoother in this Phone. 3. Samsung is cheating us guys, they are using Exynos Processor which is inferior to Qualcom processor's and by far NL 620 Performs better than S3. 4. Nokia has used advanced built in NFC Chip so the battery consumption is less so they have settled for 1300mah. 5. BY Nokia's Clear black display you can view/read/operate the phone even in sunlight. 6. Don't worry abt apps, this phone has every apps for normal usage, once the next update starts rolling out i.e windows blue you will have so many apps in the store. 7. Write Once Run everywhere- this means if the programmer write the app for W8 then those apps can be run on WindowsPhone also. 8. Multi touch issue has been sorted by Nokia and I heard this device is shipping with Latest firmware which sorts issues with storage. 9. Windows Phone is Future, i will justify it, as android reaches its peak i.e no more specification expansion then the consumer will look for the better experience of the phones, there android fails bcoz the apps are not natively coded on android but in WP & IOS apps are natively coded so the user experience is better in WP & IOS. 10. Since the Windows Phone Comes with outlook and deep integration with office apps this can be used as a business phones this is the biggest advantage of Windows Phones. 11. This Windows Phone 8 os as huge potential but its hardly 6 months old and it is getting traction all over the world once Blue updates started hitting there is no stopping windows phone. 12. Those Who says Android is the Best please try Windows Phone once, 4 of my friends has switched from Android of course i made them to switch, after using it for one day first they said was "it doesn't Lag" 13. When Android was released it was 1.6 then it went so many updates and now it is in JB, that means to reach this position it took 4-5 years. 14. Please be patient with apps it will come & it has most of the basic apps like whatsapp, bank apps, twitter etc... Believe In Microsoft & Nokia, you should know how MS has come from behind and become the Leaders MS Came Behind from 1.MCintosh to Windows 2.Netscape to IE 3.PS to Xbox 4.Bing is gaining, Google is loosing market share In future who knows windows phone may become the most successful os. finally this is a great device!! buy it!! Yes It can Play HD Videos, VLC is coming in another one month or two with native app. YOu can set the IE in desktop mode as well as Mobile mode. Thats a complete Desktop Like Experience.
In my life, i have only used 3 phones, those were all nokia phones..nokia 1800(used for 3 years) -> nokia 5130(used for 2 years) -> nokia c2-02(used for 1 year).now i have bought my first smartphone and based on the reviews i guess i wont be regretting this decision in my life. This is to all the ppl who are going to buy their first smartphone, if ur smart u know wat u have to buy.i was considering to buy a samsung or even a micromax but out of the blue nokia lumia 620 gets announced and within an instance i new this was the phone for me. Had to wait for 3 months but it will be worth it :).For me lumia 620 gives me immense satisfaction for its price and for its pros which i dont need to mention as its already out on the street..hope nokia comes back to the top to where they belong, saying all that my bell has rung, hopes its my lumia 620. cheers :) nikhil
Why you guys giving rating 1 for delivery problems. Because of this overall rating is going down. :( Sorry for your waiting. Don't show your anger on product. Coming to phone, It's absolutely awesome. It is the best smart phone available in the market at this price range. Those who talking about android apps, I strongly recommend you to check windows store mobile web site. It may not have many useless apps,and few useful apps as in android. And I'm sure you will find an app for your need. This phone overcomed all the drawbacks it was setted itself before, like External Memcard,front camera etc. No second thoughts, go and grab it.
Blazingly amazing phone in ever aspect...i have been using an android before thats too from sony but lumia 620 is far better than it and Windows 8 hats off to u for making an amazing OS........and Nokia thanks for making such sexy and amazing phone..........
@Tirthankar......bro i think u got some issues or maybe u r jst another android fanboy who is jst spreading bullshit rumors abt this wonderful set!!!!!!!!!First of all ANDROID IS NOT THE BEST!!!!!it lags,it hangs,it need more rams and processor,it drains the battery vry fast and most of all IT IS GETTIN BORING!!!!!This set is the best in the market at this price range!!!ND u r talkin shit abt it without even seein the set with ur own eyes,do u evn know how such stupid reviews frm people lyk u can affect the sale of this wonderful product???So pls be a lil responsible abt things u write rather than kissin ANDROID'S ass.... And 4 the people out there who want to buy a phone within 15 k,dnt think a lot jst go for this one..this phone comes with a dazzling look(with a dual shot/2 layered case,hence u can change change/customize colors),the 5 mp camera is the BEST 5mp camera i hav ever seen(although the front camera is VGA),the sound quality is grt and freaking LOUD,the screen is 3.8" clearblack LCD(246 ppi) yet the quality and sharpness of the display is amazingly good(even better than iphone 4)..... This phone comes with a 1 GHz dual-core Krait processor paired with an Adreno 305 GPU and 512 MB of RAM...and is as smooth(AS BUTTER) and fast(FREAKING FAST)...best thing abt is that it nvr lags or hangs(evn if u multitask the livin snot out of it)..Oh u can also control this phone with jst ur voice too!!!!!!It also comes with kid corner,u can select the apps nd the types of media content that goes in and password-protect it, so u can safely share ur smartphone with kids without worrying that they will mess up ur settings or access inappropriate content. The People Hub is the best phonebook I've seen to date and it's got a great social services integration.Also the Messaging department is excellent in Windows Phone....it also offer loud and clear in-call sound and i had no issues with signal reception,U could also use voice dialing too!!The GPS works without ny data/net connection too(not possible in android)...... The Internet Explorer on Widows Phone 8 brings a major upgrade, but kept its old looks.It is smart, fast and sociable.NFC is also a grt new addition to this set..And i especially loved the Bing in this phone...Thus Connectivity is not an issue for this phone.. Well one of the best thing abt this set is the MS office 15,i dnt care wat the haters r goin to say bt frm my experience it is one of the best out there!!!! Documents r automatically synced btwn the phone nd ur computer through SkyDrive.Also document viewin nd editin is absolutely free nd integrated into the OS.So it will be suitable for the working class population too.. As far as gaming goes it is super-fast and stuffs...But to be frank gaming seems to be a weak areas 4 windows phone apps...Then comes the battery which is quite good bt dnt perform too well while web browsing(same with every other 99% smartphones).....ALL in all this a grt set haters gonna hate this set bt that does'nt change how awesome this phone actually is..HATS OFF TO NOKIA nd Windows 8.......
I do not have another place to write this , hence , I am using the review section . It is really strange to see people writing reviews before they have actually received/used the phone . Yes , I know you do it in good stead and you are trying to be helpful . But , it would be more meaningful if you could hang on for a few days , use the phone for a good amount of time and share your experiences over that time . Most of us know the specifications . What we want to know in a review is the personal experiences with the device . No offence meant . Thank you ! And they wont let me post this 'review' unless I rate this product ! :) So here's 5 stars !
Now I am not going to tell much about the phone specifications because you will find the data on Nokia.com itself. But from my experience it is the best phone you can get for this price. 1.Its absolutely user friendly. Because if you have not forgotten there was no company better than Nokia for that matter and not to mention it is powered by windows) 2. The amazing Windows experience. Most of you might be unaware of the Windows OS for phones. Trust me its awesome its like you are using a computer, unless that's not what you want. 3. Now why Windows over Android? Its for sure that android has more apps than Windows, but on the other hand you must also think as to how many you would use. But windows has all the required apps that you will ever want. And windows phones don't hang like android. 4. Cons. By all aspects taken into consideration cons exist in every phone. But you must just be wise enough to select a phone of which the cons does not effect you. The Lumia 620 has not much cons. And if you are not satisfied with aspects like the lack of gorilla glass or the facts like it does not have the BEST processor or camera you must also consider the PRICE. (it has a decent camera and processor) For this price you cannot ask for more. It is only when you compare it with the high range phones that you find the 620 inferior. (then try comparing with the lumia 920) Ultimately I am not going to judge Android and Windows. You decide what you want from a phone for YOU. The 620 is really good. Please Don't underestimate WINDOWS PHONES. And I'm just telling, Choice is yours.
I preordered this on 3 of march and got it delivered by flipkart on 14th March. Thanks flipkart. I wasn't writing the review till now cause first I wanted to test it myself for few days. I don't need to mention the specifications as it's given above in product detail. All I want to say is it's a unique experience different from Android and iOS. Needless to say it's the best buy under 15k if you are opting for smartphone. One thing I liked about it is that it's display is coolest. One thing I was particularly concerned before buying was its battery which was mere 1300 mAH. But after minimal use my mobile is still on for consecutive two days. I haven't used heavily like browsing etc but I guess it'll still run up-to one day at-least. If I have to give points on 10 point scale then I'll give 8 to it. (Cause no device is perfect.)
do not compare quad core vs dual core or 1GB vs 512 MB RAM without taking into account the difference between android and windows phone.. WP8 is more optimized than android and hence runs better even on seemingly less powerful specs. and honestly dont even compare nokia with micromax or xolo.. P.S. Windows Phone 8 just won the PCMag Reader's Choice award for Mobile Operating Systems besting both iOS and android , cant post links so search for it.
I read Mr. Tirthankar Biswas's review and have to say that some of us have no knowledge of things and still write a review of 10,000 + words :D Mr. Biswas do you have any clue to what you are preaching?? Windows for desktop is different from windows OS for mobiles so they require different resources... moreover Android is not even a complete operating system per se... technically Android is just a Java Runtime window for running java programmed applets, whereas windows is a complete operating system... As far as battery consumption is concerned, many android developers dont concentrate on proper ending the application when the user closes the App and hence they keep running in the background and consume more battery. Boss I have been using windows based phone when most people thought of smart phones as some futuristic devices (I started using windows devices with HP Ipaqs having windows mobile edition 5 in 2001), Microsoft OS has always had more to offer than any other "so called" mobile device OS in the market. windows mobile devices are the only mobile devices that carry the "original" Microsoft Office Mobile Package with word excel powerpoint and note applications... officially. Microsoft launched Windows 8 OS for mobile users only in october last year, so it will take some time to match the contents in application store, but clearly Microsoft is THE smart choice for a smart phone OS. android is hot now because it is the easiest smart phone option for the non-smart users {pun intended :) }, but once the users get smarter they will ask for THE actual smart devices. Also android is used by google to collect your usage data and merge them in their "Big Data" plans. So they are attacking your privacy through policies that you don't actually read before selecting I accept button.
Recently, I bought this phone with the advise of my friend. Really I was a hard-core Android fan. and till I touch this Lumia 620, I thought that Android was the only best OS. What to say, I just take back my words. This is my first windows phone and I would say it's better than Android in many ways. Android is No. 1 only on the basis of Apps and Popularity. But, Windows is much user friendly and doesn't freeze or lags at all. I really love the City Lens app and Cinema graph. Also Windows 8 looks more stylish and the way of it's presentation is absolutely great. Android needs high requirements to run smoothly but Windows need a minimal requirement to run smooth. Nokia's camera is a good one as compared to the Samsung's camera. # I'm using both Android and Windows, now I really love Windows. # Don't be confused by anything, just grab one...because this is something that can change you.. :)
Usually i hate to write reviews but I think this is needed as there is lot of confusion in minds of people. Windows 8 interface is a new philosophical development in the smartfone OS environment. Android and iOS support are based on APPS which seems intuitive but has an inherent complexity when the number of APPS increases beyond a certain limit thus impeding usability. This is partly due to inability of human mind to process complexity (large nos.). Windows OS is a little different as it has a visual platform which looks complex initially however is intuitive in the end with less complexity. For example, all your tiles is on one page which you can scroll unlike iOS and Android where you have to skip pages which is cumbersome. If the ultimate aim of smartfones is to make your life easy then windows 8 is the way to go as "your work gets done without too much of effort". Nokia has also done a good job with the hardware. One minus is the battery which should have been better. Thanks for reading
I received the phone today and the initial impression is amazing. It has good looks and the performance is impressive.. It feels good in hand. The screen resolution is good. The packing and delivery was as usual excellent.
I got it on 10th march from nokia priority shop. Nice to use! Good one! * No lagging * Super fast * Correct size to hold in hand * Sound is good enough * Competitive battery backup Lot many + is in this mobile!
It is the best phone in indian market at this cost.......performance is great.... NO HANGING PROBLEMS.... I have this phone.. Its an awsome phone under this budget.. Completely recommend this phone to anyone.. great design.. good battery..processor is great.... nokia has shown their brand value again.. If you're confused, dont worry.. Just get the phone.. you wont regret...
I have used this phone for about a month and have finally set to write a review. (I don't want to blabber without getting my facts straight.) Let me get to the Pros and Cons. Cons first: 1. You cannot adjust the volume key for Music, ringtone, etc separately. There is only ONE master controller which is annoying as you'll need to manually change it after listening to music to adjust the sound. 2. File Manager: I don't think this is necessary for me, but for some it counts. 3. You cannot store apps in your SD card. It is infact good but when memory's over it gets a pain in the neck. 4. You may think "How can the memory be over? There's 8GB!". False. You get only 5ish GB and of this 5ish, there is the OTHER STORAGE which continues eating space. You cannot clear it nor access it. Only Nokia or Windows may know what it is used for. There is storage cleaner app in the store, but it is of no use. My other storage shall hit 2GB I guess in the coming days. 5. It can't play mkv files. 6. No radio. I don't give a shit about his ,but others may. 7. Lack of apps. I don't care about this also as I have got all the necessary apps, but as I said before, others may. 8. Heats up quickly while you play games, or use WI-FI. 9. Looks ugly when compared with L520 or L720. 10. I found the software malfunctioning. There are glitches that occur, like it can't identify the headset quickly and if it does, the external speaker won't work later for some time. (This happened to me in which the external speaker never responded and thanks to flipkart they replaced the product. Kudos to Flipkart.) 11. Battery is not enough. I get 26-28 hours, but a heavy user may get as less as 8 hours. They could have put a 1750mah battery. For the time being only this much. Pros: 1. Super smooth. 512MB RAM is perfect. 2. Awesome user interface. 3. Internet Explorer is so fast. 4. Live Tiles are cool. 5. People's HUB. Wow!! It was a pleasure seeing all my contacts together in one place. 6. Email Viewing and Linking, no words. 7. The phone is perfect in the hand and looks stunning.(Try to avoid a cover, for the phone shall look more chubby, which is Ugly.) 8. The phone namely L620, as a product of Nokia, proves its nascence. The hardware is so robust. Holding it shows you its power. 9. Nokia Maps, Music etc are really essential guys! 10. HD Videos play with ease. 11. The phone never hangs. 12. Photosynth, a must use camera app. 13. Secondary camera is good for Skype Calls. 14. Its NOKIA + MICROSOFT!!! If you ask me which mobile to buy from Windows, Androids, and Iphone, I'd say go for Windows. If you ask me which budget Windows phone to buy, I'd say go for L620. But if you want looks and a bit better camera go for L720 which is 3.5K higher. Not so worth, I guess. Hope I was of some help. :)
Its a very good phone. The overall experience is excellent. The graphics is very good. But we should be very careful with battery life. we should enable internet only when needed otherwise it will drain quickly in 8 Hrs. Nokia could have given a better head phones (in ear). and the overall shopping experience with flipkart was very good. Ordered wednesday and got the phone the next day. from mumbai to chennai. Very Good Buy.
This is my first phone which i brought from my salary. however before that i was using android gifted by my dad. last week only i got this phone from Croma and i am quite happy with the phone there are few things which i am missing in phone coz previously i had android but belive me guys its far better than that android....:):) 1) battery drains in 4 hrs if you are using internet. this issue is with all multi media handsets. 2)I don't have option to lock my messages. In my previous mobile i had this option. I am missing it here. even for photos i had to install photo locker but not quite satisfied as it is a third party application.but yes u have a great application Kids corner. kids corner is like another window in mobile. if u have some personal data which u dont want to share u can just create kids corner as second window and handover ur mobile after activating Screen lock...:) just loved it!!! 3) Missing temple run and G talk. guys we don't have these options here. n i am quite disappointed with that. but i am happy that whats app is working without in issue...it hardly takes time to transfer 8 MB videos. 4) IT DOES NOT HANG. in some reviews i read that and i was n confused whether i should buy these. Still i went for this. and guys it runs very smoothly..:) 5)camera is quite good. I am really happy with that. we have lots of functions and the most admirable thing is LED flash. clarity is really awesome. In night also you can have a very good pic...:) 6) Window 8 is really good here. its giving a very good support to run all the applications. 7) We have nokia care option in mobile which is really helpful. 8) I loved the application Nokia HERE, Nokia lenses, nokia music. it is really an awesome applications. 9) screen size is really good. its not small enuf to feel complex when ur friends are having android sets in their hand neither big nuf to feel tough to keep it into the pocket. for me big screens are like chappals :P 10) screen touch is very smooth. even in sunlight u wont find it difficult to see screen. 11) applications run very smoothly. one thing m really happy is in android sets will hang often. but this device is runs very smoothly and doesn't freeze. 12) in stores u have hell no of applications. i switched to Window because i started hating my Samsung galaxy because of many application and with same kind of screen. here i have a different and fresh screen type. i really feel that now i dont want to be a part of android. what else u guys need..come on android is just application centric..this is a totally new experience for me..i ma really happy with this device and love every moment with this. i will suggest u all to buy this mobile. its just more than awesome..:)
I have used android for two and a half years before I switched to Nokia Lumia 620 and the so called WP8 OS. Trust me, I don't miss Android at all. I pre-ordered this phone and now I think why has the price decreased further. This is a no no-nonsense phone and any feature that comes with it is very useful. I would call it a very smart buy and all the people who are already using it are really smart. I would rate it higher that Samsung Galaxy S2 and also Samsung Grand. Consider every feature of it and also its Price.. With Lumia 620, Nokia is back again with a bang...Kudos..to Nokia..
please do not spoil the beauty of the phone f you do not know how to use it. Guys it can send almost any type of file until and unless it is in power saving mode. It is not the fault of the mobile but yours , better read the manual before wring any reviews and as for radio simply download a radio app like internet radio or FM Radio and for those who do not know how to send file via bluetooth follow the following steps :- You can use more than one Bluetooth connection at a time. For example, while using a Bluetooth headset, you can still send things to another device. 1. Make sure Bluetooth is switched on. 2. Tap and hold the content you want to send, and tap share... > Bluetooth. 3. Tap the device to connect to. You can see the Bluetooth devices within range. 4. If the other device needs a passcode, type in the passcode. The passcode, which you can make up, must be typed in on both devices. The passcode in some devices is fixed. For details, see the user guide of the other device. The passcode is only used when you connect to something for the first time. And tell me why you want to listen to music when you are in call??? And just wait for updates of the phone software and it will be better then any android around (it still is ). =D All doubts clear i guess??
Smooth and easy to operate. All the nokia apps are a great value add.... You Never go wrong with this phone. Facebook integration is awesome in this phone. The Cyan colour is a refreshing change from the boring black.
I have only been using this phone for a couple of days - but this is a sound phone for the price. The colour is pretty and the design is neat. The touch sensitiveness of the screen is fantastic (i haven't got a screenguard as of now). Windows live tiles look good and so do the Nokia apps. The camera is great and the earphone music experience is wonderful. I got a 16GB card free on the pre-order. It has got a 'data transfer' option to transfer data from my old phone - which was fast, and so was the bluetooth. All in all, this feels good in my hand, the display is beautiful and so far I am loving it. :)
pre ordered my phone on 10/march received on 15/march got a 16gb SD card free with it (THANK YOU FLIPKART!!!! :D) It looks brilliant in cyan colour, good to hold in hand+one handed use , good camera, as for windows phone 8 app ecosystem we know what microsoft is capable of.
This is a masterstroke by both Nokia and Microsoft. Nokia 920 hogs the limelight due to its specs, but you are looking for a mobile phone which provides 100% value for your money,this is the thing. It will popularize Windows Phone 8 among masses , just like HTC wildfire did for Android :)
As the title says both are known for their products. This a a wonderful product from nokia which outperforms every aspects of a mid range smartphone. It is exceedingly faster than any 1Ghz Dual core android phone. The Nokia drive beta works even when the phone is in flight mode with no internet or wifi. The accuracy of the maps is also good. Yes there is no radio but hope to get it soon. Battery is brilliant for me it stays for 2 days as i dont game much. But i am a music lover, so atleast listen to music for 5 hours a day and also use internet often and ofcourse it just uses 1300mAh battery. The speed in which facebook(app) and youtube loads is amazing, because in android it takes much time far these to load. The intergration of facebook with contacts is also amazing. Finally a very good phone at this cost.
Bored of old same android look. Wanna try something new which is freaking awesome? Then no other thought. Just go for Nokia Lumia 620. Awesome phone for its cost. 15k!! Windows 8 OS is just awesome. It will be very difficult to shift from Windows 8 OS if started using it. Pros: Windows 8 OS- best OS, New look, awesome perfomance. 1 GHz processor-really made it fast 246 ppi-screen looks elegant and brighter even in bright sun. HD recording- 720p, 30fps good camera 3.81 inch Display- gives a feel of using it. End Finishing is awesome. 8gb internal + 64 gb expandable- !!!!!! simply awesome(flipkart giving 16gb memory card with each order) IE 10-gives awesome experience of browsing. Finally 512mb ram is really good. But 1gb would have been awesome for its 1GHz s4 processor. cons: Battery(not a very big issue for me but may be a issue for others) Apps(Again not an issue at all for me. Because there all hell lot of apps in store but definitely some good apps are missing. Goolgle maps, opera mini etc) Secondary cam(could have been better) Thickness(11mm!!! really thick. But gives you a feel when you hold it in your hand.) Other features of lumia 620 Multi touch 3g wifi internet sharing Xbox gaming facebook, gmail etc contacts sync etc. Finally only one thing I felt after using this. WINDOWS 8 OS is REALLY AWESOME. Will be very difficult to change to other OS after using it.
Some of the features of This devise are Below:- * Its Display Quality is Very Good better then I phone 4 and 4S I have used both the devices * This phone plays 1080p video Like a charm. * browsing on internet explorer 10 is buttery smooth and fast. * The apps catalog has been updated with many new apps. * Listening music is Very good though the headset is not that great but not that bad too. * Camera is awesome and Feature like cinematography take my heart away and video recording is also very good in this Price Range * Games like dreed,Jetpack Joyride,etc Works very good.game are buttery smooth in this device. * People are complaining about that this devise is not having file manager,guys even apple iPhone doesn't have file-manager and that's not a problem though as the file can be accessed through respective apps in the store and don't worry soon you will get third party fine-manger for this device. * And battery backup is also very good, as windows 8 has new technology for battery saving which work really fine and if you are a normal user it will last for 2-2.5 days and for power user it will last for 1-1.5 days which is very good for any smartphone. SOME F.A.Q ABOUT PRODUCT: 1) To make hotspot go to setting and click on network sharing and then a setup will appear set username and password accoring to you wish 2) I has dual shot cover which most of the phone don't have and with that you can change your phone color anytime that's why they have provided SD card slot inside the back cover 3) i have personally used this phone and on continuous talking , web usage the battery last for 18 hrs which is very goog for a smartphone and this includes 8 hrs of phone call,listening music and wacting web episodes all th day and i think no android phone gives this much batery backup. 4) Nokia maps is good but not the best, but city lens do that works quiet well. :D 5) And who locks the screen while watching video and the vedio stops to save battery and after unlocking you can resume the video 6) Windows 8 UI never lags and even Lumia 710 UI never lagged despite of having single core and it is running on window 7.8 version 7) Nokia doesn't have gorilla glass and just by pressing it can not be cracked. 8) Youtube is also working fine on the Internet Explorer 10 browser. 9) Google account and any other account also working fine and the email client in the Lumia 620 is very good. better that iphone and android. 10) Internet explorer is very fast and supports flash content. JUST GO FOR IT Guys YOU WILL LOVE IT..>!!! I am using Windows 8 Both on Mobile and Laptop and I am Loving It..!!!
One and only Android advantage.. 700K Apps. A large percentage of the android apps are specific to android OS like widgets, keyboard, animated background, lock screen apps which are not relevant to WP as they work differently. Also every android paid app will have a lite version so same app functionality will be counted as two but with WP every paid app as a option to try before buy so one app is always counted as one app. Advantage of Lumia 1) Zero lap. If you use even the most expensive android phone like S3 (even demoed S4 has so much lag even with 8 cores) for 5 minutes you will see screen shutter, dropping frame rates and lagging animation at least 5-10 times with in that 5 minutes. But even with a cheapest Lumia you will never ever see any lag even once. So How WP able to achieve this with lesser RAM compare with Android. The simple reason is WP use processor manufactured by Snapdragon and the OS code is fully optimized to utilize the processor to it fullest and but for android phone manufacture decide the processor and there are so many processors to choose from but non are optimized for the OS. So for end user choosing android but who don't care about all this technical details will get sub par performance for the money they pay compare to a WP device. 2) OS updated. Most of the Android phones has outdated OS mostly Gingerbread (2010) or ICS(2011) and some current one from Samsung comes with JB (2012) but with in few months (May 2013) Google will release a new version and none of this devices will ever get OS update. But all windows phone will always get new update as and when it happens. Every windows phone is assured of future updates. So if you buy now your phone will run the latest OS even after 2 years .New OS update for android is managed and delivered by the manufactures like Samsung and HTC but not by Google. Historically all this manufactures doesn't support software updates for their phones. Take Samsung Galaxy S4 all the cool new software features are not coming to the already sold S3 phones. But in the case of Windows Phone the OS update is handled directly my Microsoft as like Apple for iPhone and every phone irrespective of manufactures will get the update. 3) Task driven approach: Android and iOS are app driven. You have 100 apps installed but one app will not be able to communicate with another app. Let say you want to book a movie ticket. We will open the bookmyshow app and buy tickets but if u want to check the weather of that location, look for deals near that place, drive to that place for all that you have to open separate app (and paste the address) to do that and most of the time we don't even remember the app name that we have to use. But WP is task driven search for a movie it shows you the movie listing and suggest you apps that can be used to buy ticket, provide one click access to direction, shopping/events near the location and will also list apps that can be used for that task like Four Square, FB for check-in,
First of all Windows 8 is really awesome..The main reason I got a Windows Phone is tat nowadays even a PAANI PURI WAALA uses an Android Device...U get tat Royal Feeling when u carry ur Lumia 620 wit u.... The Build Quality's great..The Touch response it too damn amazing.And the phone's really Smooth...No Lags and other shit..!!! But the Prob is tat the phone heats up after continuous usage and tat's really annoying..And the Battery life's not tat good but manageable..But According to me its the best phone for this Price Range.So I would suggest a LUMIA 620 wit Windows 8 instead of a Shitty Android Phone...
after a week use i must say its a great phone.. its pros the greatttttt build,The phone feels more premium than almost all other phones out there in the market.only nokia could do such a thing & its a good thing as phones falling from us is common & i cant think about losing 14k in a month. best in class camera and nokia is improving their camera and phone through constant updates unlike others. open your eyes guys. admire the truth. os too is great.the live colourful funky tiles match the phone and attracts people than the android. severe competition has made nokia to launch sweet products at sweet prices. excellent build quality. i cannot say how many glances i had during the past days. the colourful phone steals glances of android lovers too. Nokia's PureMotion HD ClearBlack display is much better than any phones available in market. Checkout to know the differences. Qualcomm chipset with its 1ghz dual core krait CPU and 512mb of ram makes sure windows phone 8 is a breeze. One has to give credit to windows phone 8 where it deserves, which is being extremely fluid and stutter free at all times. A WP 8 phone will also age better than an android one. 5. While we’re at it, although Windows Phone 8 retains most of what WP 7.5 was, it does iron out a few things here and there. Native-code support would make porting apps to windows easier, which potentially means lots of apps from developers. It also brings in Bluetooth file transfers, resizable tiles etc. All of these and a few more are welcome additions to Nokia Lumia 620 over Lumia 610 which now has some of it through 7.8 update. 8 gb inbuit storage. Free software perks like Nokia Drive, Nokia Lens, Nokia Music etc .A more intangible plus with Nokia Lumia 620 is the Nokia service and support which I personally value more than any other competing brand in India. The sheer number of apps is a huge point in favor of android and iOS. There is no denying that apps to a great extent determine the user-experience on any platform.but many only use 20 to 25 apps only in their phones and many indians are buying these phones to show off only as they are not aware of technica aspects(talking about some common people) its voice recording is terrific same of 920. features too are great and is very value for money. dont worry about windows phone.bigger updayes are coming including notifications file manager,perfomance etc. apps to are coming like INSTAGRAM coming in may and temple run,real racing etc. so ITS TIME TO SWITCH
Pros -------- Display - Crystal black, Really bright under sunlight. 9/10 Video playback - 1080p plays flawless. 9.5/10 Audio Quality- On earphones is really good. 7/10 Rear Camera - Excellent Image quality. High contrast images. 9/10 NFC- Built in NFC writer app. Connect with PC, Copy files and watch them even without disconnecting the card. Cons --------- Music on speaker is low volume. Desktop -No desktop is available. Wp always ends up in the homepage.You cant set up a wallpaper except on the lock screen. Front cam is average quality. Speakers are placed wrongly so that fingers cover & block the audio while using right hand. Buttons - Doesn't feel good to click Thickness- Not slim at all. I love super slim phones like Omnia w. Contacts - Not that easy like Android to search & Navigate. To all those who are confused between buying an Android and Windows phone all i can say is if you really need a lot of apps especially games go for Android. Else go for a Windows Phone. WP has most of the basic apps like Android except for high end Games. Android is become so popular today that everybody is so much used to it. I have heard many saying Windows is hard to use. Its a common misconception. You will get used to it very quickly. Windows phone advantage ---------------------------------------------- Neat and Clean UI. Professional & premium looks[Android is so common that you can get one for 3k bucks, but not about Windows Phone]. Fast and Fluid interface. Android turns out to be sluggish after a long time. Personally i am an Android developer and always used to hate Nokia phones. But this one has changed my attitude. I have been earlier using an HTC Windows Mobile 6.5. Later switched to Androids and still loving that Windows for its neat & fluid interface. Highly Recommended for ---------- * Photophiles * Those who watch Movies & Videos a lot. * Professionals * Windows users * Casual users Not for --------- * Gamers Semi recommended for ------------------------------------ Audiophiles. All i can say is Go 4 it.. You wont have to regret. This should be the best phone in this range. Say cheese. :)
have been using this phone for the past one and half moths , how ? yes i got the phone from uae . been following this phone right from its release date and been tracking down its sales everywhere possible . was one among the first in dubai to get this device in my hands . i knew it would take some time for it to launch in india so ddin't care much about the local warranty , its a nokia it ought to last . about the device first the display - if the specs says 245ppi i say its more than that . amazing crisp display . excellent sunlight readability . windows 8 - i personally dont like android , its a good ios but too saturated with non sense apps . ios the simple non sense highly limited os . put both togther u get this windows 8 . simple crisp and no limitations . app store may not be as flourished as android or apples but its got whatever you need for sure . why lumia ? nokia and their nokia apps city lense isjust amazing , nokia drive - someone dare to beat it . smartshoot works as it is advertised . the phone is fast , no lags good loud speaker , not bad a primary camera and good clarity front cam for skyping even though its just vga . memory not an issue like in hts8s , inbuilt 8gb and external . coming to battery - its definitely better than any androids , guaranteed , the os is very much battery friednly hard use 1 full day , other wise 1.5 - 2 days , impressive for its 1300mAh capacity . music clarity is as good as it could get with dolby headphones output ! internet browsing is just a breeze in it with ie10 what more one possibly wants ? in truely satisfied with my choice only wished if it gives me abattery backup of my previous e72 :P ( not gonna happen with any phones of these days ) . that being said from e72 i jumped to an android n used it for two weeks n changed back to e6 , why ? battery life terrible !!! n now from e6 to lumia 620 gives 85 % of its battery backup :) waiting for dual shot covers to launch at those who keep writing crap about this phone , get a life and get your facts right . it does have an equalizer (customisable) with additional dolby headphone feature , the mail app is the best i have come across so far ( better than s3 n i5 ) , the office app , come on its Microsoft office n you don't expect a widnows phone to have a full fledged experience of it ? i'm coming from a physical qwerty keypad and touch screen keypads were my mightmares until i downloaded the word flow support in my lumia 620 , trust me im able to type faster than in my e6 . i do agree the pp store is not as full fledged as an android for games . buy a psp instead :P i don't know about others , i have been using this phone since jan 17th . no touch issues , no hanging issues whatso ever . tried almost all the features of this phone , im glad even in 3g pack it gave me the same battery back up . my first cousin made the choice of htc 8s instead 620 is banging is head against the wall now , poor battery life , not sufficient internal memory for him to install anymore apps and phone has slowed down majorly . anroid is too over powering for me , ios is too blunt and limited , windows is on par and makes sense for ME . let the sales figures do the talking at least .
To preface this review, I am a tech enthusiast and my personal smartphone of choice is a Samsung Galaxy Nexus (US-only Google smartphone running the current version of Android). However, I have recommended this phone to two of my friends who were buying their first smartphone, and just purchased this phone for my mother, who is migrating from a Nokia dumbphone :) Here's why: the ease of use, fluid touch response, and attractive user interface (formerly known as Metro UI) of Windows Phone 8 OS make this phone a pleasure to use and a welcome alternative to Android and iOS. The design of some of the standard apps like Calendar and Music is outstanding. The Music app inherits its DNA from Microsoft's original Zune HD player; when you are connected to WiFi, if the artist you're listening to has information available, it brings up an attractive background image featuring the artist along with a brief bio. Also, being able to quickly search info on your phone (contacts, apps, music) alphabetically beats having to scroll through long lists or screens of icons. These small touches make using the phone enjoyable. The hardware and fit and finish of the phone is top notch, especially at this price point. The rounded back feels very nice in hand, especially if you have smaller hands. The cyan blue is very attractive, with a 3D depth to the color thanks to the unique dual-shot shell - the appearance and performance leaves cheap Samsung devices in a similar price range far behind in the dust. WP8 is better optimized than Android to run using just 512 MB RAM, and out of the box the performance is fluid and snappy. Phone call quality is very clean sounding, and the speaker is very loud (100 dB as per specs). Camera performance is good and even indoors it produces crisper and more natural images compared with my Galaxy Nexus (which also has a 5 MP camera). Nokia has obviously optimized the software to work well. WiFi lock-in is extremely fast, and the sensitivity and range is on par with iPhone in my home test. Some people have asked about the Lumia 520, and here are my thoughts: if you can afford the 620, I'd recommend it. For one, the polarizing filter of the ClearBlack display makes a big difference when viewing in direct sunlight. It also results in deeper blacks which are quite close to SAMOLED displays Samsung uses on its higher end phones. The pixel density is also higher on the Lumia 620 (246 ppi, vs 230 for the Lumia 520) - what this means is the text is crisper and less fuzzy. The display colors are also more saturated on the 620. At 3.81", the screen isn't noticeably smaller on the 620, but you get these added benefits. Needless to add, having an LED flash (missing on the Lumia 520) makes it more likely that if you need to take pictures indoors, even in the daytime, they will turn out better. The 520 does have a proximity sensor despite some misinformation posted here in another review; it lacks the ambient light sensor found on the 620 and higher Lumia devices which controls Auto brightness - adjusting display brightness depending on your environment. Drawbacks: at 3.81" the screen is certainly small in a world where the trend seems to be towards increasingly large devices (Samsung, anyone?) However, not everyone appreciates having such large devices, and this could be seen as a positive. Battery life could have been better (I haven't had a chance to test extensively), yet most respected tech publications have noted over a day of typical use. Be sure to enable Battery Saver mode, and turn off WiFi and Location services when you don't use them to extend battery life. As has been said by others, app selection is limited compared with Android or iOS. I have recommended this phone to people who are not heavy app users. Still, for daily tasks and entertainment, what is available on the Windows Store is plenty. It certainly looks like more app developers will be getting on board as Windows Phone grows in market share in the immediate future. Google doesn't seem interested in supporting Windows Phone, so you will never get an official GMail app, or a Google Maps app - if you're really heavy Google services user, Android might be a better option. However, the Nokia/WP8 alternatives are quite adequate; in fact, I quite like the way email is presented in the unified inbox. Conclusion: This is a great smartphone with no obvious compromises that frustrate you. It looks and feels attractive, and performs as smoothly as premium devices. Recommended.
Just want to say that I owned a WP7 (Samsung Omnia W) device and pre-ordered Lumia 620 for my sister. Simply, because I know how great and refreshing Windows Phone is. Just like everyone says, if you use WP devices for few days. Then trust me, you'll never ever think about any other device. WP OS is butter smooth and light-weight, it don't need 4-core or 8-core CPU like other devices. If you are comparing WP devices with other devices compare the features and don't compare the hardware because WP OS runs smoothly in very low hardware configuration. And those who keeps yelling Nokia is a dead phone. I challenge, there is no Droid phone in this price range with this much features. Do a compare and know yourselves. Nokia is back in Game!!! Take my word. I own both WP 7 and WP8 device. It's "Simply The Best" Thanks.
I have orderded the Nokia Lumia 620 in the pre-lauch offer from Flipkart. I have been using from last 1 Week and the Nokia 620 is so excellent and awesome. The Camera is too good with 5 MP and Video recording is also too good 720p (HD Recording). The Touch response is very quick as comparied with other mobiles. I have been using Blackberry, IPhone and seen Samsung Galaxy Mobiles, but I liked the Nokia 620 very much. There are lots of free apps which is available for Lumia. But where as for few Apps which is payable.
I'd ordered the phone on Flipkart and got it delivered here in Chennai on the second day after booking. Thanks, Flipkart! The phone is awesome. I was a die-hard Android fan all these days, cracked the OS, installed a custom ROM for the UI and ease-of-use. But Windows, I should say, is the best OS that I've come across so far. Except for the availability of apps in the market, I'd recommend Lumia 620 to anyone. Apps are being added up everyday, and that surely would reach Android's mark one day (at least after there are enough Win phhone 8 users). UI is the best and it'd beat Android. There's a brightness (display) and performance fix/update that would be released soon for Lumia 620, 820 and 920. So, dont worry if you've heard any of your friends having issues with the display. As you all know, Microsoft never lets us down. be it security patches or OS updates, they'd make sure everyone gets it. Go for this phone, guys...
This is an excellent mobile. What classy features and what a lovely camera it has. I just can't get my hands off the phone. Thanks to Nokia for launching this phone. it has some unique features that other phones don't have. the entire Lumia series has given a new definition to the mobile world.
just got the phone...it took just 2 days for flipkart(they rock) to deliver it to me....awesome looks...great features....windows 8(mind u its growing fast...dont think its shit...its new to mobile market)....only problem is the windows market(very few free apps) but who cares...i always buy things....n the phone kinda got a bit warm after 1 hr of continuous usage(hope it doesnt boil....but these problems dont bother me...n for some morons who say u cant use facebook chat we'll your the dumbest person alive on this planet....you need to sync ur phone to facebook then in windows chat enable facebook chat. ::::::::::::::::::::::::::EDIT:::::::::::::::::::AFTER USING THE PHONE FOR 1 WEEK:::::::: Pro-still no lag issue's....i try my best....butter smooth Con- 1)good apps not for free but as i said before i dont give a **** about it....but sad to see the same apps go for free in the iOS n andriod market(windows do something, u r losing users for this one reason) 2) Nokia map is very bad(but i downloaded gmaps n problem solved) ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: many people are retards who give 1 star reviews with fake reasons n some which have a simple solution
FIRST of all guys..please don't go through the pathetic reviews given below about battery backup.The battery of 620 is great..and is giving 8-9 hrs of backup after EXTREME usage of WiFi,music,games and videos.(JUST TURN ON THE POWER SAVER MODE IN SETTINGS). FOR minimal usage of normal calls,videos and messaging..it has lasted around 1 and a half day.SO NO ISSUES WITH THE BATTERY. NOW COMING TO OS EXPERIENCE..IT IS BEST IN CLASS..even when i tested my 620 against 38k 920 in shop..there was 0% difference in performance about opening the tiles,lunching icons..games speed..WiFi processing..everything was great. DISPLAY IS JUST AWESOME...IT CAN BE COMPARED TO SAMSUNG GALAXY S3..comparing with another android device from 10 k to 25k will be an INSULT to 620. (JUST BELIEVE ME GUYS). EVEN XPERIA Z WAS LOOKING AVERAGE AGAINST 620...HA HA HA. EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT THE SMALL display OF 620 featuring a 3.8 inch screen. BUT WHEN U HOLD THIS DEVICE U WILL ITS NOT AS MUCH SMALL AS BEEN SAYINGS. CAMERA IS FANTASTIC IN THIS RANGE AND I NEED NOT TO MENTION THE ADD ONS GIVEN BY NOKIA IN CAMERA. EARLIER I USED TO THINK THAT NOKIA HAS GREAT MISTAKE BY NOT LAUNCHING AN ANDROID DEVICE..BUT NOKIA CLEARLY THRASHED PATHETIC AND UGLY ANDROID DEVICES IN TERMS OF DISPLAY,CAMERA.PERFORMANCE,LOOKS,BUILD QUALITY AND RELIABILITY. THOSE WHO ARE WORRY ABOUT APPS OPTION IN WINDOW MARKET..GOOD NEWS FOR THEM.60K APPS WILL BE ADDED AROUND END OF APRIL BY MICROSOFT. SO TILL THEN JUST GO FOR LUMIA 620 OR 820 OR 920( ACC TO UR PRICE RANGE)..OR ELSE U WILL BE MAKING GREAT MISTAKE OF BUYING ANDROID..
Both lumia 620 and flipcart delivery system are awesome.Under 15K lumia is best choice,but better to go with lumia 520 because it has almost all features of 620 but price is around 10K. Applications :- Most wanted applications are available with free cost like facebook,twiter,youtube etc.In-case of games you may have some missing. There is a store for downloading applications. Battery back up :- Is very good when compare with other smart phones. Internet Connection :- Is best Touch -- Is very smooth, Feel like swimming in mobile. colour :- Please don't choose white colour.because chance to have mud. I bought mobile by pre-order in filpkart and now am happy with my mobile.
Actually I am editing my review which I had posted before buying as I cant write one more review for the same product. All my colleagues liked my Lumia. Just go for Lumia Phones blindly. Pros: 1. Windows 8 Mobile OS is Smooth. No lags. 2. Phone quality is good. Looks costly. 3. Battery lasts for 1 day(We shouldn't expect too much). 4. Call quality is good. Even in traffic you can clearly hear. 5. Even under bright sun light, screen is readable(Nokia Clear Black Tech.) 6. Screen Size is either not smaller or not bigger. Just fits in pocket without bump. 7. I cut my normal SIM into micro SIM with scissor(!!!). It is working. 8. Can play 1GB video files with out any stops. 9. Camera is superb under day light. 10. Touch is very smooth. 11. Able to play most of the games without any difficulty. 12. Even Costly Android and Apple Phones dont have Offline Maps and Navigation which your Nokia Lumia Phones offer. 13. MS Office is a very good option to see and edit minor changes and mail back. Cons: 1. Can't play AVI Files & MKVs. 2. Can't stop background processes ( may be integrated Facebook and Twitter Accounts) from using my GPRS and 3G when turned ON. There must be manual SYNC options for these.
This is definitely a buy which I will never regret.. Build quality is good. The display and navigation is super cool for this price range. Gaming experience is also pretty good. Few more apps/games from MS, especially the famous ones like temple run...and this phone would rock even more.. I would not say cons, but some minor glitches which I faced are the removal and insertion of sim card and memory card. The slot arrangements are complicated and very delicate as well. However since we dont remove them on a daily basis, doesnt matter much. Also, I feel the speaker position could have been better, rather than the bottom right side.
Bought this phone 1 week ago. Most beautiful and use full phone seen after iPhone. I am not comparing any phone or OS with this phone or Windows Phone 8. But the apps provided by Nokia itself (Smartshoot, HERE maps, HERE DRIVE, HERE CITYLENS,HERE TRANSPORT,Photobeamer and many more) are more than awesome and of course usefull. And Microsoft is also working on building new apps and games, and so far large numbers of apps are available for Windows Phone 8. Android and iOS has different games and Windows Phone 8 has different kind of games. It means games are also available but little bit limited. But the games which are available are good. Camera and offline GPS are best thing provided by Nokia. You just have to download maps then you can use them as offline. Guys if want some different and cool experience , buy this phone without any hesitation.
i gotta chance to use this mobile for 2 days from my friend....phone is damn awsome.. stylish and compact design screen quality and touch>super awsome got the best camera can play 1080 videos windows os8 is good battery backup is good overall a gud device@15k range......am tired of androids....you guys can check on windows 8.....thumbs up
I was confused between two phones - Samsung Galaxy S Duos 7562 and Lumia 620. After much thinking, I bought the Lumia 620 and I am happy that I chose Lumia. Pros: 1. A refreshing OS (been tired of Androids and iOS); 2. Battery life; 3. Speakerphone; 4. Nokia Drive and Nokia Music; 5. MS office; 6. Expandable memory; 7. Decent camera; Cons: 1. Less apps - Wasn't really bothered about less number of apps in WM8 but after checking the marketplace, lots of apps which are free for iOS and Androids do not appear in the store; 2. OS is not as user friendly as iOS. Even android appears to be easier than WM8 The cons are OS related. Nothing negative about the phone so far.
Was waiting for this beautiful device for past 3 months n finally ordered the coolest Green Color 620!! Finally it arrived 2 days back,since than it is hard to keep it away from myself!! what build quality,u just fall in love with it at First sight!! windows Phone 8 is too good! At this budget i think its the probably best smartphn out there in the market! NFC,HD Camera,512 MB RAM,Dual Core Snapdragon! What more can u ask for at 15K!!! Performance wise way better than those shitty androids in this range! Music quality too good,i miss radio but music makes up for that! Best part-Awesome Nokia apps like Drive,ere,SmartSHoot,Cinema Graph! They are just beyond words! u gotta feel it to explore it! Only minis point for me its Battery as it drains out a bit quickly! But if u are looking for something good at 15K then shun the rhetoric of Androids and use this! U wont regret it at all!! :)
Lumia 620 is really an amazing phone . I earlier expected it to be around 18k .. but 15K for such an awesome phone is relatively good . The Specs and overall quality ofthe phone makes it a perfect Buy !! No Android at 15k or less can be such powerful,smooth,fast and Superb than Lumia 620 ... Best BUY !! NOKIA IS UNIQUE AS ALWAYS !!
I just can't take my eyes of the phone, its so so beautiful. a perfect combination of beauty with brains.... Its hardware specs swifts seamlessly with windows phone 8 OS. special mention of the inbuilt NOKIA apps integrated into it such as drive, maps, music... best budget smartphone.....
Lumia series is really special and forget about the bad things or cons. just enjoy the good things it have. Apps that are present now itself if one uses that would be awesome. 7 lakh apps will someone really use?? duplicates of existing things. Just some good quality apps are enough. and the fact is QUALITY APPS comes after huge number of QUANTITY(number) is present. The WP store is growing and yes those who want to try LUMIA must have. Dont think about people who say bad experiences. as for a coin there are obviously two sides. ENJOY the GOOD things. Waiting for my LUMIA 620. Please ship it fast !!!
Finally Temple run coming for Windows Phone..... Its time to throw that cheap plastic hanging phone... I am a user of Android and love it somuch but now after using this: It's a totally different experience Major Advantages: No Lags(Touch very Smooth) Nice Display Camera is Awesome in Outdoors Audio Quality is Awesome Compact Size(Easy in Hands) Removable Back Covers Front-Cam, NFC...etc
I ordered this smartphone as soon as it was available for pre-order on Flipkart and thanks to them for a faster delivery, as it has became their habit doing so. Now, to this beautiful device.. I am in love with my new Nokia Lumaia 620 as it is the best phone in its price With the 1 GHz Qualcomm Krait Dual Core Processor and the attractive Windows Phone 8 OS. The 3.81 inch capacitive LCD touchscreen is just big enough to give you great display but not too big to make it difficult to hold the phone in your palm or put in your pocket. For business use it has Document Viewer, Pushmail (Mail for Exchange, ActiveSync), Adobe Reader, Office (PDF, Excel, Word, Powerpoint, OneNote). it is very difficult to describe all the best parts in a short notes, however, whomsoever is thinking to buy a new smartphone in this range, I will highly recommend this and say "Just go and get it". You will never regret of buying this awoseme machine. Thanks for reading, Ajay.
HAI GUYS I HAVE ORDERED THIS MOBILE FROM FLIPKART ON 6TH MARCH ON PRE-BOOKING.THIS IS AN AMZING PHONE,DON'T THINK JUST GO FOR IT,EXPERIENCE THE WINDOWS 8 IN GO.ALSO IT'S LOOK IS AWESUM.CAMERA QUALITY IS ALSO GOOD..DON'T GO FOR SAMSUNG GALAX S DUOS,BCOZ THAT CELL HAS SO MUCH OF PROBLEM.LASTLY DON'T THINK MUCH JUST GO FOR IT IF YOUR BUDGET IS AROUND 14K-15K..
I am a kind of Windows Phone guy, I like to use everyone of them and give my views. I used this phone. Its a superb phone. No Lags, No glitch like droids do. But I found some people giving Bad reviews in ignorance, here are some points which u should not get fooled by. 1.You can ofcourse create playlist, but its a bit tricky. just add all the song to current playing list and save that list. It will become playlist. 2. File explorer is not there, I agree. But you should agree that file manager is a complex thing. It will affect the easyness of the os. For Now, if you want to find something say a pic, you just go to gallery and find that, instead of searching each folder in file manager. And my experience says, File manager is one of the things responsible of Lag and crash in OS. Windows phone is Smart OS, it manages all your file automatically, and for proper working, we don't need to interfare. Its just that our habit is to do with file manager, but once get used to this os, you will never feel its missing. 3. PDF reader is capable to read all those files which 620's RAM could manage. Expecting it could read a full 700+ page book is foolishness. for that, you need a tablet. 4. for battery backup issue, search for tips by wp news website on bing. it really helps. 5. for better user experience, one should use the Xbox client for w8 or zune. it manages songs and videos nicely and you will not face compatibility issues like flv, mkv etc do not play. zune converts every file to mp4 which is best. 6. What's app is a 3rd party app. so instead of complaining Nokia/microsoft, we should complain whatsapp team. best way is to tweet them @whatsapp Regarding apps, its been learned that developer has stated taking wp os seriously and are now making apps for it, so just sit back, enjoy the ones already available till we get new ones. Something regarding other problems you are facing:- Its always good to confirm if you are facing any issue is REALLY AN ISSUE??? For your info, Nokia has launched an instant help service on twitter. Whatever your problem is, just tweet them @Nokiahelps, and they will reply you. If still you are not satisfied, tweet me @LPmathur, or post on fbdotcom/withlumia. after that if you find its a real problem, then shout a loud... This phone is an example how an entry level smartphone should be. No regret buying it! (y)
Well, I got this set just yesterday. 7 stars for flipcart for delivery within 36 hours of order!!! Now coming to the set, seems to be a good one at the price point. Pros: 1) Good design, sturdy build, nice to hold in hand. 2) Display - Not a match for flagship devices like Galaxy S series or HTC one, but seems much better than the competetors in this price range.Viewing angles are good, sunlight legibility is also better than average. 2) Performance - WP8 runs butter smooth with the configuration. Much better performance than android.No hanging or lags till now. 3)Camera - Decent one,although low light photography is not so good even with flash.However, at this price point this is "above expectation". Nokia lenses are pretty interesting. 4) Music and multimedia - Very good. Nice audio, videos run very well. Cons 1) Removing the battery cover is a pain in the neck. You have to press on the camera lens at the back while pulling the back panel and praying to God that nothing happens to your camera lens.The back panel is a bit slippery, accidental drops may happen. 2) The bezel below the LCD screen could have been narrower, making the phone more compact. Also the phone is a bit stubby. 3) WP8 is a little "alien" to start with, but you will get accustomed to it.Also there is no file manager. 4) Battery drains out pretty fast. With my moderate usage (1 hr call, 30 minutes games, 30 mins of paying video and 1 hour of net surfing, it could last only a day. Hope this will improve with usage. One rating point deducted because of cons 1 & 4. Please note that design wise Lumia 520 looks better with same hardware configuration. Its screen, however, is inferior to Lumia 620, also no flash. On the other hand it will save you Rs. 3500. Hope this helps.
I wanted to highlight some points that STAY out from all the other phones! Pros: 1) Firstly, Ignore all the < 5 Star Ratings. This Phone is flawless. :D 2) Offline Maps and GPS Navigation (Whole India's Map can be downloaded approx. 600 MB) 3) Nokia HERE Drive is only true offline voice guided turn by turn navigation suite in whole world! And that too Offline :D :D 4) MicroSD Card. (I have 32GB Class 10 Card, Its Overkill for a phone i know :P) 5) NOKIA MUSIC is the best music store ever ! Not many people know, but nokia music has ALL the songs in it, bollywood, hollywood, regional, and even OLDIES 80s, 90s ! But the MOST IMPORTANT THING - ALL SONGS ARE ROYALTY FREE TO DOWNLOAD AND CAN BE STORED! So no need to buy a music CD from now on. Every New Song that gets released is updated :D 6) Very Very Smooth UI, and User Experience! Yes Its a Pro, because its better than IOS at this point! Not a single LAG ! 7) NOKIA ClearBlack. 8) Unified Account Integration! All Accounts Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft (LIVE) are integrated as One. Even Google Mail is tightly integrated in Windows Phone 8, talk about New features in IOS 5 LOL !!! Its there in Windows phone 8 preloaded :D 9) Camera is Very Good at this price range im rather surprised at the features ! - Different Type of Lenses Panorama, Multiple Shots (Burst Mode), Face Detection, Auto Focus with Touch (Adjusts Light on a particular object when touched) called "Smart Shoot" - Camera can be launched even when the phone is locked (thats a nifty feature !) - "Cinemagraph" is a very artistic feature and only in NOKIA currently, cant explain it here but if you ever wanted to create a Static Picture of a Waterfall where only Water is moving ?? :D :D This is it. This is the technology. 10) Office Integrated. (Im a business user so its a High requirement) 11) Dual Band WiFi, NFC Support and WiFi Tethering (Features of a 30-35K phone) 12) And finally, Dolby Surrond Sound Support ! There are other features but currently cant remember, maybe other revies can point them out. Cons: 1) Not Built for HIGH END GAMING, Coz of 512 MB RAM. Otherwise Adreno 305 (The SoC Graphics Chip on this phone) is more than enough. But What would you expect with a low priced phone? Its not a bad thing after all. 2) Headphones that come with the package are not very Good, but for Audiophiles like me, i bought a seperate headphone for 3K. Then again what do you expect from a low priced phone :P
Bought this phone from Flipkart. It had some defects like a dead pixel & random screen freezes. So I just notified Flipkart about the defective piece I had received. Flipkart took immediate action regarding the issue & within 24hrs I got the replacement. I was amazed by their quality support & service. Before I always assumed Flipkart as the best shopping site but believe me, now I have experienced it. Now talking about the phone, I did a lot of research then bought this device over android & no regrets what so ever. Things I Liked So Far: 1. It is smooth as butter no lags at all. 2. Plays Full HD movies. 3. Dolby Sound Enhancement enriches music experience. 4. Internet explorer provides great browsing experience. 5. Metro interface makes the phone something new. 6. Nokia Drive gives amazing offline navigation. 7. Its Clear back Display is fun to watch at. 8. Camera is very good in daylight. 9. It has internal memory of 8 GB that is lots of space for installing apps. 10. Battery is better than expected, played 4hrs of HD movies still it was left with some juice! Things Need To Improve: 1. Video file cannot be send over Bluetooth but you can receive it & file formats like .mkv, .flv are not supported yet. (Waiting for VLC Player) 2. No file manager & notification panal. 3. May not play all the games in app store because of RAM. 4. Headphone provided are very basic, so I got Panasonic RP-HJE120E-K along with it. Considering most of the above cons are software related they will be looked after in future updates by Microsoft. This a value for money phone & you cannot regret it after buying. There are many useful apps & fun games in the app store & you can also find many alternatives. This phone gives the best smartphone experience with its awesome Hardware & Software.
I have been using this phone for around 15-20 days. It is my secondary phone but man has this phone impressed me. I've been waiting for the release of this one for quite a while, and it has been totally worth it. PROS: 1. Never hangs. 2. Amazing touch response. 3. Live tiles looks beautiful. 4. Display is up to the mark. 5. UI is pretty good. 6. Apps can be pinned to start and arranged as per your choice and requirement without causing any mess. More tiles you've got more beautiful it looks. 7. Vibrant colours to choose from, and trust me they don't look cheap. (I've a yellow) CONS: 1. 512 ram so popular games like temple run doesn't work with it yet. 2. The app store is not as big as IOS or Google store. (But new and alternative apps are being introduced everyday) But I'll choose this phone over any android phone up to the range of 25k.
i bought this phone 1 week back,and its very good till now. i dont find any drawbacks . the camera looks great and does all basic task wonderfully well. The hardware of nokia is unquestionable. Contact sync is another good option. The battery lasts for2 days with moderate usage.
Its a great product, i'm used it over 20 days. I am so proud to say its my first smartphone. Its very compact and smooth to use thanks to windows 8 OS. Primary camera is awesome, its makes us to feel the Digi-cam experience. I am not a music lover so i feel 8 gb internal is quite big for me. Internal surfing and Social networking is so easy. So many apps are available on Apps Store (Nokia City Lens is my favorite app). Its a user friendly phone. Secondary camera is a bit disappointing. Its needs a Micro Sim (I dumped my old sim and bought a new one for this phone). And the phone is getting heated easily if you're using 3g data connection. But the sad part is Flipkart sliced 500 rupees an hour after i placed the item. If you wanna buy a smartphone on 15k budget, it'll be a best bet for you. Thanks to Flipkart for shipped it quickly (On 2 business days).
This phone continues to amaze me, there already are immense reviews already; I would list the user experience - have been using this phone for the past 15+ days (pre-ordered), Maps, Music is simply awesome. loud and clear. display is crisp webpages can load quite fast (desktop versions also). Skype video works well tried 4-5 times on lengthy conversations though front camera is vga. Only con is Gmail can be sync but is not Push like in Android (that means it will check mails after regular intervals as set but one wont get mail as they come. but thats not the issue for most. IM+ works for gtalk and yahoo messenger. didint find a good pdf reader though. Office at its best (word excel powerpoint) no file explorer or file manager app. net net a great buy if u r budget is
Hello, REGARDING BLUETOOTH: u can send music,videos,files from 620 or u can receive from other mobiles. are u sure u are using 620? because 620 comes with windows phone 8, which has Bluetooth features. previous versions like windows phone 7,7.5 only cant use Bluetooth. even those devices are updated to 7.8. those devices updated to 7.8 can now use Bluetooth. If windows phone is in battery saving mode u cannot use Bluetooth!! please check it out. battery saving mode is an option u can enable in the settings, if the phone charge is below 20% the phone automatically changes to battery saving mode.Once the 'heart' icon in top (battery saving mode) shows up, all connections (wi-fi, bluetooth, GPRS) is shut off until the phone is recharged and re-booted. Its a 'feature' of the O/S to conserve the life of the phone for as long as possible. Bluetooth is mentioned even in the flipkart specification, as below: Bluetooth: Yes, v3, Supported Profiles (AVRCP 1.4, GAVDP 1.2, OPP, SPP 1.1, SDAP, PBAP 1.0, A2DP 1.2, HFP 1.5) 620 also comes with NFC, so please know better about ur phone by reading manuals or by searching internet before deciding! REGARDING RADIO: The radio hardware is present in the Lumia 620, the hardware is currently disabled by the OS. so it will be enabled through an update soon. mail me sugadevanatlivedotcom if u have any doubts :)
I was a Samsung Galaxy Y user and have upgraded to Lumia 620. The only thing i miss here are the no of apps that I had access to on android. I could find an app for almost anything on android while on windows, the options available are really limited. Rest for any other purpose, I feel Lumia 620 is better than any android phones (available < Rs. 15,000/-). The screen size is big enough to hold in your arms comfortably and at the same time does not feel like holding a note book! specifications like 1gz processor, 5MP back camera etc are already provided on Flipkart itself. Though the phone is available in 6 different colors, i opted for black. I find rest of the colors feminine. I could configure emails and chat apps very easily. Though the tiles on the front screen at are easy on fingers, sms-ing can be irritating here as well as the blocks are too small for big fingers. Watching movies, listening to music are all smooth experiences and i found 3G to be working better on Lumia compared to galaxy y. Also the "battery saver" option is a nice addition. Also "panoramic" image capture is a cool option on the Lm620. Its been only two days as of now, and i say Lumia rocks!
Hi All, I bought this phone almost a week back from flipkart and as of now my feedback is "delightful". I am impressed!!The slickest phone i have ever used. I am using an android phone as my primary device till now, and believe me this cute device blows any mid range androids out of the window. Pros: 1. Very lively and Fast phone, Live tiles are cool 2. People hub integrates all your contacts such as Facebook, Gmail, outlook etc .The live tiles for people hub is also delightful. 3. Internet explorer 10 is super quick compared to the android browser. 4. No lag or slowdown till now 5. better than average cameras of Mid tier Phones. The camera takes pictures at the moment the camera button is clicked (My htc android takes pictures after may be 2 seconds!!!) 5. Great value add form nokia. Nokia apps make this phone special.Nokia maps is damn quick. 6. The best feature is Kids corner where kids have access to only those items decided by the parent. This was a real problem for me as my 3 year old used to take my phone for games and end up calling my colleagues. Peace of mind now with WP8 7. Office 365 integration.All office documents opens in a blaze. 6. GPU is excellent. Race games are rendered nicely. Cons 1. To be frank, the app store has enough apps , but not comparable to android of apple store. 2. The HTC phone dialler allowed to type letter and it used to bring matching contacts. I MISS this feature. 3. Sound quality when connected to external speaker is nothing great.[My 25k HTC is much better here] 4. No file system browser. [i miss this feature ] Verdict I don’t know, may be because of the personal feel with live tiles, or may be because of the super response, I Love this little nokia. And for 15 k this phone is amazing. I bought this phone as a secondary device but this is now my primary device.
**** There is Good News For those who are using the windows phone 8, The Lumia " Amber" Update is Came for Windows 8 Phone. Just Update and enjoy the best Features which are updated in this.#### The Nokia Lumia 620 is class and the most affordable phone with the windows operating system and have a good capacitive touch screen. The best quality of 5MP camera with the LED flash, the main thing in this phone having 1Gh dual core processor with the 512Mb Ram. As compare to other windows phone the Nokia Lumia 620 is the most beautiful phone and have a affordable price. The Nokia Lumia 620 is the best smartphone at ever.
My First Smart Phone.. Really very very good. This phone stands tall with other anderoid phones... Apps are good, Very very smooth processing. Touch sensitive is very good even after the starch guard. Best smartphone in this range!!!!!!!!!!
Writing this after 5 days of extensive usage (Transition from Nokia 5230 to Lumia 620) +ve: 1. it has best buttery touch experience under 15k budget.. 2. the ui is smooth and has no lag.. 3. nokia bundled software's are amazing .. loving city lens, here drive, mix radio where you can download songs in blink 4. phone fits to hand well, the build quality is best. 5. display is bright and thanks to clear-black technology 6. audio quality is excellent bundled headset is the bad part though 7. dual band wifi, nfc (never used it till now), front cam -ve: 1. Battery disappoints a bit (Who cares at-least better than android phones) 2. you wont find much apps in stores :( 3. some issue with flash and indoor pics which leads to overexposed pic (which will be fixed soon as per nokia's updates) Overall , the best phone you can get in the budget range..
no words to explain...simply great.. excellent screen, powerful processor, great battery back up and obviously the best build.....a loot for this price. WP8 looks truly promising... I strongly recommend this product...luv you NOKIA.
Nokia is back with a bang!! This is the best phone you can get in this price range.. Pro: 1. Display Quality: Beautiful.. I have used other Android Phones in this range (specifically Galaxy series).. None of them come close to this one.. 2. Build Quality: Hard as brick... :P 3. Sound Quality: Great, when using Sennheiser mx170. Speaker Quality decent. But, the stock headphones sucks. 4. Battery Life: 1 day & still charge left.. Using Internet, listening Nokia Music, playing game, etc.. 5. Nokia Music: Best collection of Music, maybe, bigger than iTunes, that's free for 180 days. I am a Jazz & Blues Lover, & I'm very very satisfied with the collection. 6. Front facing Camera, great for video calling. 7. Lag free interface. Relief from the cheap Samsung Androids, which hangs after using 15-20 mins. Cons: Only the headphones.. The Quality is very cheap. Overall, its a great phone & those android people who says, windows store don't have enough apps, well check it out now. Most of the Popular Android apps are available. The price in flipkart is high. I bought it for Rs. 14000 from local Nokia Priority..
Multitasking is ease just hold the back key for 2 sec and all ur background apps will show and to activate facebook chat go in messaging and touch and drag the screen to the r8 and u will get and option to go online for chat as easy it can be .. or watch some tube videos :)
1) Though I have not purchased this product at Flipkart I wish to provide a small preview of the product. 2) The Product looks good and I feel proud to own Lumia 620 as I had always beeen with any other products from Nokia - The BRAND I TRUST IS RELIABLE. It is believed by most of friends and aquaitances that Nokia products withstands more shock (Mechanical - drpped by mistake) in comparision with its competitors. Motorola worst, then LG, Samsung a little better and the Nokia the best to take Shocks. 3) The touch response is great. 4) Bright enough for use in sunlight - VERY IMPORTANT. 5) Camera works great - flash is also good. 6) Audio quality is also great - I use Nokia MD-11 external Speakers Two Satelites cascaded for Stereo Effect decent reproduction of sound. 7) Internet connectivity is great - I use Airtels 3G as I got good 3G coverage in my area. 8) Vedio quality is good - I'm not a professional in Photography but I'm satisfied. I used Transcends 16 GB Class 10 Memory Card While capturing the vedio no delays. I later tried to use the 64GB SanDisk Class 10 - I noticed some small break in the captured vedio but it was overall OK. I feel don't go beyond 32GB as exFat Memory Access is not Managed that good as the FAT File System - it's just my beleif not technically backed up. Not all devices support 64GB as the file system is totally different on exFAT. 9) I have customized the Home Screen to my convenience that's great easy access to most important things. 10) I imported the mesages and contacts from my old phone Nokia C2-01 with easy to use inbuilt wizard. It uses bluetooth for transfer of data from the old phone. Great and hassle free migration experience. 11) WiFi Hotspot is easy to configure and great to connect upto 8 devices. Avoid buying a WiFi router. 12) Access memory through the mini USB port easily. 13) Supports upto 64GB External Memory Card - what more can you expect from a 14K+ priced Windows 8 Phone. 14) All your Emails can be viewed. Re-configuration is required to see all emails. As and when they arrive it displays the count of unread emails on the icon - Good feature. 15) It is true if you are using the computer only to check emails and browse internet - why would you need computers any as Lumia 620 is more handy and easy to use. 16) Nokia Drive is really a good app with clear instructions for turn by turn while tarvelling from Padi to Tambaram. I'm not sure if it works for all places. the speed estimated is also nearly accurate. 17) There are more features to explore particulary about Camera on device it has different modes one of which is Sports Mode for fast moving objects that works good. Is there any thing in the world that satisfies Everyone? You're right, the answer would be NO; but consider the price then it would be justifed that the battery backup is not that good still good enough for the price range. When battery Scaver is on the apps are disabled from running in the background and the battery lasts as long as Nokia says it would for ture - I've tested it myself. BEST PRODUCT - GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY.
Purchased thru Flipkart, recd. on 12th March 2013. Good service by flipkart and recd. with 16GB Memory card free. Those who purchasing the phone should be prepared for a windows experience, which is very different from other OS. Simply downgrading after purchasing the phone is waste of time and money. Hence No comparisons for windows or any other OS available in the market. Each one have their positives and negatives. It's upto the buyer's preference. I'm a continuous android user and for a change purchased this one. Satisfied as of now. Let me tell you in brief, screen clarity is at it's best, don't have any multi touch issues, Phone is very fast in accessing apps(except Nokia Music App which takes slight delay in opening), Battery Back up ok (can have better, but it's still ok) Good Camera Clarity. Latest software and OS Cons: Phone is getting hot while charging. As a new Windows phone user I'm satisifed with the OS and Nokia Lumia 620. I refer this one for some one who's looking for a Windows phone.
This is my first smartphone. Bought it yesterday. Charging time is relly good. I used to browse for 40mins People hub-1-2hrs Music-1hr Download-20mins Camera-20mins Call-30 mins SMS-1 hr Battery after 11.30 hrs of usage :11% remaining. Battery performance will improve as we use. 4.5-5gb memory available for users. Touch sensitivity is amazing. Camera quality is also good. Smart shoot is nice. Facebook integration is excellent. Browsing speed is good. Overall I am so happy with this mobile. If you are bored with your android's classic design, and want to experience a change, JUST GO FOR IT.
Today I bought this phone.. using Windows 8 was awesome experience..phone is worth buying..disappoints in earphone quality..everything else is just awesome..luved this phone..camera and smartshoot features were good..user interface is awesomely designed...android lovers could be a little bit disappointed in terms of homescreens or millions of apps but without being judgmental I will say this phone is great...touch is just sensational..you can type as fast as you can..only demerit is its earphone quality..that is normal...battery is okay...everything else is too good..
Recently I purchased the new Nokia Lumia 620 and ever since I have been in awe of it. It’s one of the cutest smartphones I have purchased till date. It’s small, lightweight and colourful and seems more like a toy. It is a budget Windows phone and Nokia has focused on vibrant colours to set it apart from the other smartphones. Like its siblings, it comes with interchangeable matte and glossy, bold and bright coloured rear covers in lime green, orange, magenta, yellow, cyan, white and black. Now I can use whichever cover I want, that best goes with my style and mood. It fits well in my hand at just 115.4 x 61.1 x 11 mm and the rounded corners and sides make it easy to use it with just one hand. My Lumia 620 offers a 3.8-inch TFT capacitive touchscreen and a pixel density of 246 ppi that renders videos in sparkling 16M colours. With the all new ClearBlack technology, I can view videos and movies in high contrast and achieve enhanced readability even in direct sunlight. The touchscreen is very responsive and even responds to the mere brush of my fingers. My Nokia Lumia 620 has a 5 MP autofocus camera with LED flash and captures some breathtaking pics. Rigged with some cool features, the camera is even more appealing. The Cinemagraph feature lets me animate my pics, thus breathing life into them. I can animate them my own way, making them look good or even hilarious at times and with a snap of a finger share them on any social networking site and let my pals know what I am up to. Another cool feature is SmartShoot that lets me take a stream of photos with just one click. So, when shooting a group I need not pay attention if all are coming off well, as I can go on clicking and later integrate them to make the snap that best suits me. With the help of the HERE City Lens app, I can hold the phone up to scan the surroundings and it uses the rear camera to reveal the nearby places. My Lumia 620 runs the Windows Phone 8 OS off a 1 GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor coupled with an Adreno 305 GPU and 512 MB of RAM. These cool specs allow my phone to breeze through heavy apps and thus watching high quality videos, playing heavy games, chatting and browsing the net can be done all at the same time without worrying about the phone hanging up. It has 8 GB of internal storage along with a microSD card slot and memory expandable up to 64 GB. One is also offered SkyDrive storage of 7 GB which can be used for backup or as the user wishes to. The battery life of my my Lumia 620 is great too. All in all it is a great phone.
Well this is my first review and I have been using this phone for past 20 days. I purchased white color Lumia 620 from local dealer at 13,800, so on Flipkart at 14230 with 16 GB memory card is great deal. I have migrated from Android. Now these are some of the points, which I feel must be known to its perspective buyers: 1- Build: The build quality is excellent. It grips well in your hand and have round corners. The back cover feels like it has some back guard put on it. 2- Camera: Excellent in outdoors, moderate in indoors with lights on, flash is not up to the mark at indoors. Few pictures were too grainy at indoors. 3- Speakers: Excellent, loud crystal clear sound. Nokia has really improved in terms of speaker quality. 4- Screen: Good, clearback display with option to auto adjust brightness. 5- Battery: Lasts more than a day with constant wifi on and moderate usage. 6- Call quality: Good with no distortion heard at both ends. 7- Lag: Although this has only 512 MB RAM it does not lag. CONS or Issues 1- Ringer volume: Ring volume and media player volume are linked, if while playing song you turn the volume down to 15 on the scale of 0-30, the ringtone also automatically turns down to 15 so you might miss some calls. 2- Video calls: It does NOT support 3G network video calls though it has front camera. For making video calls you must use apps like Skype. 3- Apps list: One you installed 40 or so apps it automatically sorts them in A-Z list, no way to turn it off. 4- Smart dialer: Suppose you want to call "home" so you can`t press 4663 and list down matching suggestions. You may use apps like true dialer to achieve this but Windows OS does not allows them access to missed and received calls. 5- File Manager: This phone does NOT have a file manager. Suppose you have copied 10 pdf/word files from your PC to phone, it might not recognize all of them and might show only some of them in pdf reader/office. 6- Apps: Many important apps are not yet ported to windows 8 from android. Many apps which are free in other OS are not free. 7- Torrent: It does not support Torrent client to download torrents directly to phone. 8- Photo on dialer: While dialing any contact it does not show its photo on screen, while receiving call it does shows photo. 9- Flash Player: It supports Adobe flash player lite only, so you can`t watch live streams like live IPL streamed on YouTube. Normal YouTube uploaded videos works fine. 10- Media Player: Nokia player is good but doesn`t supports mkv format. MX player is yet not available for windows platform. 11- Crashes: While visiting sites which use heavy flash, browser may crashes displaying 3 sec video of saying "recovering memory". It happened to me quite a few times. 12- Back cover: White back cover is good but gets dirty very soon giving it an old look. 13- Call log: It does not display call summary after call. Does not display how much you talked on one particular call. Also if you called "Home" 10 times it shows "Home", "Home", "Home" ..... 10 times. 14- Messaging: Google chat is not integrated to it, you need to download external app to chat. Since many of us use Google services, I felt this option should be there. 15- Auto Rotate: There is NO way to turn auto-rotate off. 16- Ring Profiles: There are not any ring profiles such as General, Silent, Meeting etc. You have to turn volume all way down to achieve silent/vibrate only mode. 17- NO FM 18- NO Notification panel 19- To skip forward a song to particular instant on song timeline you cant tap on it, you have to press and hold next. 20- Calling someone is a lengthy process... Z...z...z.. Verdict: Although lumia 620 has few issues, but these are not shortcomings, they can be fixed as an update or new apps can be made to achieve more functionality. So if you have not used android and wants to own a smartphone OR if you are NOT a pro user, this phone is for you. Amazing UI, great features for normal use, mid range best smartphone you can get. :)
Terrific value for money. With the nokia music service, city lens, nokia drive service on top of the windows new UI and microsoft features like office and x-box....you cannot ask for more. The android devices appear dumb when compared to this nokia lumia series devices.
This phone can truelly take on all other phone at this price range or a little higher.Its a good alternative to all those shitty substandered under powered android phones.I was personally amazed to find it getting realesed at the price range and to tell you its truly worth the price.You are getting the latest piece of OS in an aptly powered hardware which is also new which will get future updates for the lowest price.Its sad that SOME FOOLS are rating this phone with the experiance of only previous lumia phones running now nearly obselet WP 7.5. You have to remmember that nokia rushed to release those phone and MS considered 7.5 as a stepping stone the new 8. Yes apps are costly but it will change with more apps coming to WP market due rising sales of WP phones.
Got the phone in 3 days very good response form flip kart. Have been waiting for this for past 4 months .With it's very good specs and super camera and it is lighter than 820 and u don't need 2 hands to operate this .can see full HD videos, the touch and the reaction speed of the phone is up to the par as expected from a lumia phone. It was worth the wait
Hi friends, I bought Lumia 620 in local mumbai market for ~14k on ~july13. The mobile gave me awesome utilities. I extensively used it for Camera videos & photos, GPS, Wifi hotspot, games, etc. Under these conditions the battery lasts for average of 12h. One fine day it happened so, that my battery start draining quickly without any use in 8h. Then I observed that the chips in the main board started heating, because of which the battery got drained quickly. It was highly unexpected and I got deeply disappointed. The very purpose of going for a nokia phone was not solved. Since the phone is under warranty (8 months over of 1yr), I went to nokia care in vashi, mumbai. I submitted it. They upgraded the OS and saw, it didn't work. they told that there is some problem in motherboard. I would be sent of Company, and and will be rectified within 10 to 15 days. I just nodded my head and accepted. But still fingers crossed, with confusions in my mind, whether it will be dealt properly by them. That 10 days was really horrible without it, moreover i started searching to buy another smart phone, but not nokia this time. I read lots of review in internet regarding service centers of nokia as well as others. It was so disappointing to see lots of unsatisfactory experience with the service centers itself. My BP started shooting up more. Finally 11th day after my submission of phone, a call came from vashi Nokia Service Center, for collecting my phone. The whole phone was replaced, except the back cover. Still fingers crossed, about the new piece. I took to my home and observed, under minimum utility it gives me more than 3 days. This was a great Service done my nokia service center. My speaker was not satisfactory as before, but other components work as better. I am now completely satisfied with the service. The purpose I share with every one is that, many get panic from the negative reviews observed in internet. The truth is positive reviews are not shared. This results in unrealistic statistical observation, favoring for more negative thoughts and confusions for end users like us. Hence I purpose fully share my satisfaction towards nokia service center, vashi, mumbai, in order to bring it to a more realistic view. Thanks friends, I always read reviews and get advantage over it. I do appreciate those who share their honest reviews for which I am benefited, like someone burns their fingers and I protect myself seeing it. Hope this does the justice. Bye.
well for the description i wanted to start with pros bcz cons are not much effective for this phone... U will be getting 1 ghz dual core processor,5 mp camera with hd recording,amazing sound quality inside and outside....and with numerous sound enhancement features and sound effects...with dolby sound tech.. camera is very good crisp images with brilliant quality... battery standby is also very good ...last upto 2 days in my use...with wifi,music,3g ...what elese do u want from the phone ??? windows 8 o/s is great and there is no lag in the o/s smooth and butter flow...everything is great.. u can't expect more than this in this price tag... this is amazing phone with this prize ...without any doubts in your mind u can go for it is your budget is below 15000...
Pros 1) synchronization, what ever the account u have (Gmail, yahoo, Hotmail, Facebook etc.....) u ll have all the contacts and messaged in single hub. Need not to open multiple apps 2) Nokia drive, The best thing with Nokia, GPS with GLONASS and u can download offline maps too which works fast and fine with routing too. Just try once u ll love it. 3) Touch screen, Its very nice, responding for very single touch. I love operating this touch UI. 4) Camera works pretty good with flash, u can use all the camera apps with lens option in the screen instead of opening each app. 5) Nokia music, u ll get all the songs (any language) in one place for free. 6) It has all the Microsoft products like (Office, PDF, one-note, Lync etc.....) 7) For me battery longs for 12hrs with 3G,Music, normal calls and sms, with mail and FB Cons unable to share Mp3 and videos via Bluetooth (can share photos), no file explorer no wallpaper or menu background and finally less apps. Expecting it ll be solved in the Next update and apps growing rapidly.....
HEY ANURAG YOU CAN FORWARD OR REVERSE THE VIDEO IN YOUTUBE..JUST DONT CONTINUOUSLY PRESS THE FORWARD OR REVERSE SIGN WHEN VIDEO IS PLAYING..JUST PRESS ONCE .... AND DON'T SPREAD FALSE INFORMATION WHEN YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT THE PRODUCT...
I've had the phone for a week now.The screen is beautiful,really bright and crisp,the whole wp8 interface looks nice and is a welcome change from my old wilfireS which was really laggy due to lack of internal memory,thankfully this one has around 5gb usable. It feels good in your hand,right size and the plastic feels good too,the dual shot effect is really nice,i had to wait a week to get the yellow one,glad i did though,it's the best color according to me. Camera is good in outdoors where ample light is available but indoors the noise levels pick up pretty soon,front camera is OK, the pictures have great color,but could have been a tad sharper. Battery lasted me a whole day with wifi and data ON and playing games and surfing the web,you could easily get around 1.5 days out of it with mild usage. overall a great phone,buy it without doubts. PROS >nice screen >nice looking interface >good battery >stands out ;) >loud speaker is the loudest >good camera,also a front facing one >value for money(NFC,1ghz DC,front cam,expandable memory upto 64gb,nice screen all for around 14k!!) CONS most cons are with wp8,although not major >no file manager(i dont need it) >if you want to send a file using BT,it must be turned on beforehand else you have to go back to the menu and do it >typing long digits in the dialer wont let you see the 1st digits >no hybrid searching within contacts(num & name) >lack of apps(might be solved with time) >lack of FM radio(might be solved with time)
First of all thanks to flipkart for its wonderfull service. Thought the expected delivery was 3-4 days, I got it in 2 days. And what a nice phone it is. Superb. Touch is great. Highly researched phone. I have been using it from last one month and it gave me no problems.
windows phone 8 is really great and slick. The apss are catching up.it is not too late for nokia to catch up the indian market.. the Tile feature is really awesome.You even get live updates on your homescreen. The os doesn't hang like android.
I am a loyal Nokia user and therefore decided to change my mobile from a 3 year old Nokia 5800 Xpress Music to a Nokia Lumia 620.This was quite a big upgrade for me from a Symbian OS mobile phone to a WP8 Smartphone. Got the phone 2 weeks back from Flipkart at a very good price (no freebies included though) and as always, hats off to Flipkart for their professional service and competitive pricing. The package is a very compact box. Very impressed with the phone, OS is simply butter smooth, I was worried about the 512 MB RAM, but it hasn't posed a problem as of now. Camera quality is good.The processor does an extremely good job. Android patrons might find the apps availability to be limiting in windows store, but for the average user like me, it is a highly recommended platform. Also, gamers might find it a bit frustrating that most games are to be paid for. The back panel colour choices are also very attractive. Nokia should definetly work on the headphones that come with the box, this lovely phone comes with a VERY CHEAP QUALITY headphones. This was quite disappointing to me, as these headphones are not equipped with even a basic volume control and call attending function. The headphones that came in the box with my Nokia 5800 had this in the year 2010 !! This phone requires the user to prune the SIM card to a micro SIM size, just for information and supports micro SD card for additional storage. If you are a bold experimenter, go ahead and choose this wonderful phone. WP8 OS has phenomenal improvements when compared to the previous WP 7.5 or 7.8, it supports bluetooth file transfer between mobiles, the choice of apps are more etc. I hope my review would be useful :)
I BOUGHT THIS MOBILE 2 WEEKS AGO. FLIPKART SERVICE WAS VERY GUD. I GOT THE MOBILE WITHIN 1 DAY AFTER BOOKING. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY NEW WINDOWS MOBILE AND ITS UI WAS SUPERUB. I HAVE GOT ALMOST ALL THE APPS THAT I WAS EARLIER USING IN MY EXPLORER. LUMIA 620 IS A VERY COMPACT AND STYLISH MOBILE AND IT WILL GIVE YOU REALLY A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE. AFTER 1YR OF USING LUMIA620 I AM COMPLETELY SATISFIED WITH ITS PERFORMANCE. AFTER BLACK UPDATE THE PERFORMANCE HAS IMPROVED A LOT. THE BATTERY BACKUP HAS BEEN INCREASED. REALLY AN AWESOME MOBILE.
I bought this for my spouse. After using it for 2 days I found the following observations about it. 1. Touch response is good 2. No major lag in coming out of any app to the home screen. 3. Refreshing new OS, seeing the Android & iOS 4. Like the live tiles for most of them. Pretty easy to set them up. 5. Very good ringtone volume & some decent built in ringtones 6. Good music quality 7. Camera quality is decent, didn't test it much though. 8. Decent enough apps + games, though many more apps are missing which are present in other OS. The basic ones are present at least and we hope for the remaining ones to come soon. Temple run isn't there for Windows phones which don't have at least 1 GB RAM, so that means it runs only on Lumia 820 and above. This was a bit disappointing. 9. One thing I didn't like is we have to have 2 different accounts one is microsoft & other is of nokia, which I thought should have been just one for simplicity. 10. Didn't find any setting to select a choice of notification for whatsapp. 11. Love the way you can switch from silent to normal profile. 12. No shortcuts for switching on/off WIFI/3G/EDGE. Hope windows will soon give such a feature. 13. The best part I found is the brightness of the screen is damn good.
I got my Lumia last week and have been using it since then..the performance blew me away with its buttery smooth responsive. The touchscreen is incredibly responsive and it responds to even the slightest of touches....speaker quality is great with Dolby sound option in the phone enabled. Live tiles enable you to view info on the tile itself without going into the app. Screen brightness is very good with great sunlight readability. So overall it's a very nice phone and nobody will be disappointed with this phone....
I bought this phone on Apr 1st and received the item by 2nd evening,super commitment from FK...Well after 15 days of usage I have to say I am quite happy with the product. Pros 1)Nokia Apps-Smart shoot,City lens, Nokia maps(offline available),Nokia Music 2)Processor- 1 ghz processor and 512 mb ram=butter smooth OS running,no hangs or glitches experienced yet. 3)Screen resolution is awesome,especially while playing animated hd movies,looks a visual treat to the eye. 4)Touch response is actually awesome,I did not say this,actually a point made by an android user. 5)Apps can be downloaded to pc as a .xap file and simply copy pasted into the memory card of phone,and run it on the phone to install apps,so simple. 6)Social networking hub,add all the people to your live tile to follow them,add all their accounts and get all their updates under one roof. 7)Speech recognition,actually works for reading messages,it actually reads out the text messages for you. 8) Bluetooth, up to 64 gb micro sd memory and so many more,just cant remember now. Cons 1)Cant send the songs through Bluetooth,well I just could find out how yet,or maybe it really cant. 2)No file explorer available so always have to connect to pc for viewing the files on the phone. 3)Older micro sd cards incompatible,I had a class 2 8 gb card and the phone wont recognise it,you need at least a class 4 memory card or higher,not a HUGE issue but worth pointing out. 4)HD movies play out only upto 720p, 1080p and above not suported. Also most of the video formats are incompatible. Overall as a Nokia user for life I feel the windows 8 has hit the jackpot,super interface and a surprisingly simple and easy to use interface makes this a worth buy,better go for this than the 520.
Hi all, I had bought this phone a month back (though missed out on the pre-order offer of free memory card :( ). Flipkart's amazing service delivered this within 2 days (as expected). So far it has been great. Was waiting to use for a month to post feedback. The phone is a value for money purchase. You get the Nokia robust feel from the handset. The ClearBlack techonlogy is really awesome, sunlight readability is cool too. The phone works really well without any lag and the HERE maps, CITY Lens, Nokia Music etc. make it a better phone than HTC 8S. All major apps are available so i am happy with it right now, though disappointed that temple run is only available for higher RAM size :( Whatsapp is not that great though, it becomes really slow sometimes. The phone hardly hangs. For me it hung hardly 2-3 times till now. Battery is good too, i was skeptical about it initially but even with 3G the battery is satisfactory (works for 11 hours on Wi-Fi and around 8-10 with 2G) The new software update has imporved the touch screen. Haven't used the camera much so don't want to comment on that. Overall a good buy. Windows 8 is awesome, lovely OS with butter like feeling. Hoping for more apps though.
Excellent phone.. Windows 8 phone is superb and great Nokia makes is Best.. Don't know why people are still buying other mobiles.. Pros: 1) Great Emailing feature (note that I was Blackberry user before this) 2) Superb app store 3) Easy to use UI (no complex tiles and widgets for navigation) 4) Smooth touch features Cons: 1) Battery life for this model is not great.. 720 and beyond seems to be better.. I need upgrade to 920..
First about Flipkart service, got this phone within 2 days. About the phone, I have used Android before and decided to use Windows 8. OS wise Windows 8 is far superior in its quality when compared to Andriod. The difference in quality of the software is quiet evident when you consider the performance of the OS on 1 GHz Qualcomm Krait and 512 MB ram. Android going into quad core processors and 1 GB+ memory these days, I must say Microsoft has built a great OS which ensure the OS is not memory intensive and hence battery life is long. Phone wise, I think screen size is just about right. Colors are brilliant and vibrant. Camera is fine. Nokia should revise its approach on 1300 mAh battery for this phone.
Pros: 1. Great Apps - Nokia City Lens (good Augmented Reality app), GPS (very zippy), Nokia Drive, MS Office, One Note 2. Music - good acoustics and gels well with my headphones (Sennheiser) 3. W8 - Simple elegant interface, very easy to get used to. 4. Screen is really good. Very easy to read in Sunlight. I don't miss Gorilla Glass really. 5. Battery life - lasts much longer than most smartphones in the market. Very happy with this. 6. Processor, RAM & Graphics perform well. 7. Easy to check e-mails/fbook etc. 8. Performs well enough to be a good business phone, in addition to being a peppy lifestyle-category mobile phone. 9. Bought the n-case accessory. Dropped my phone a couple of times, no damages. Really relieved. :) Cons: 1. Camera - Quality of Photos/Videos is ok, but is slightly inferior to the ones taken using Nokia-Carl Zeiss/Samsung (Rs. 18k-25k range). Nokia Camera Apps help offset this gap slightly. 2. UI Variety & customizability not too high. Can't have everything. :) 3. Apps - iOS/Android Games & News apps have an edge over the games/news apps in the Windows 8 ecosystem. No other cribs.
its performance and camera quality both still and recording are far far better than sams__ng, S_ny. Really its HD recordings will make u proud on your gadget and make ur trips rememberable forever. In short I got more than I was looking for.
Firstly , There r many people out there praising android over any other platform, complaining that win phone 8 does not support file sharing through Bluetooth ; the reason is that the file sharing r one of the reason that promote virus and security breaches and Microsoft is also against piracy! If u r interested in file sharing then i must remind u that there is a NEW FEATURE included in the win phone 8 known as "MEMORY CARD"; sadly no other way available as it is in android. Secondly , Few people r having a trouble that there PHONE HANGS. Usually win phone doesn't hang. If ur phone hangs then u should talk to NOKIA CARE CENTER. There r few people using Lumia 920, HTC 8x having similar problem but it's still unclear what is triggering the problems. Thirdly , people r saying that we can't download something in background , this is because when u move to next app, the previous app goes to Suspended State (state in which no activity takes place ). This Suspended State saves Battery power and RAM. That's why u have to download while the app is open. ** compared to android.
Great phone under a price of 15000. Totally worth of spending your fortune. 1)Great look 2)Awesome sound quality 3)Clear black display is awesome. Though lack corniing gorilla 4)Camera quality is good 5)Awesome features Only thing dissappointed me is flipkart's delivery time. Anybody planning to buy this phone go ahead no bars
Best phone under 15K, since i have not used Android, this Windows phone looks great to me....... If u are a non -Android user, simply go for it.. If Nokia adds FM in the forthcoming OS update, this will be a heavy competitor in the market.. I am using it for 2 weeks now.... I accept its really difficult to understand its navigation, but once u get used to it... Its awesome.... Battery back up is bearable...And guys, u cant share the video clips via Blue tooth, however u can share the videos, which u take in ur camera...... Worth buy under 15K....
I placed an order for this phone @ 6:00pm 29th March'13, and I recieved my order in less than 24 hours. Brilliant service from flipkart! As for the phone, it's one of the best budget-based phones and it surely does blow off it's android competitors in this price range. A must buy!
Just bought this phone and its great & worth the money....Its fast, good camera and video quality, a lot of space for music playback and videos. Its fulfils my needs of Fb, LinkedIn, twitter and whatsapp. You cant compare it with the Android market but hopefully it will get there but anyway Kudos to Nokia.....Great phone
Vibrant and attractive, the Lumia 620 is easy to use and has a smooth tile based interface. The 5 MP Camera does a good job and the in-built Nokia apps such as Nokia Drive, Smart Shoot and Nokia Maps are brilliant. Nokia Music lets you download the latest albums for free. A good collection of apps and games are available in the Store. Battery life is the only place where it falls a bit short. Verdict: An amazing smartphone totally worth the money !
This is my first smartphone. My manager convinced me to buy a Windows phone (as my company uses all microsoft applications). Pre-ordered in Flipkart & got it within two days after the release. Look and feel is elegant. Compared to my mom's Galaxy Ace Duos, the touch is very good. Yet to try office features. But it has already impressed me.
Base IE won't allow downloads for security reasons. However you can easily install an app that supports this function. For e.g GetThemAll is a download manager app, supermusic allows music download via ie and so on. These apps prompt the user to save the file, thereby reducing risk.
Screen size is perfect and textable with just one hand. Looks trendy and front camera works flawlessly with Skype video call. 3G rather than 2G ll go good with 620. UI is innovative compared to icons in ios and android. Those who wanna change, get windows phone.
I am just loving this phone. My search for a lovely and in-budget phone ended on Lumia 620. Just amazing in this price and no problem at all. All I can say go for it, you will never regret. Nice Color, Nice Resolution, Terrific Camera,Beutiful fonts and colors
After using for 3 days ....... till date no cons. music/sound is the best facebook build in chat is addon resolution is also good After using for 3 days ....... till date no cons. music/sound is the best facebook build in chat is addon resolution is also good
it is a nice decent phone at this price by nokia....it is good to play games but games cost too much in microsoft store....but if u buy the game it runs in its best....5mp camera is also a good but not d best and video recording is best 720p hd....but this phone really needs a better update....n if u use this phone for 2 days den u will say "i was not wrong 'bout dis phone".....
I have bought this phone from flipkartr on 11th and it was delivered on 16th. . Been using it for last 2 days. My overall impressions. 1. The phone feels 'just right' in your hands.. not too large nor too small. Same for the weight. in general the phone is good but: 2. Battery life was a bit lower than expectations. It went less than a day with few calls, messages, downloads etc. Overall, I would say its a very good phone which gets everything done well, I just wish it had a better battery life would and be a bit easier to operate! One star less for that.(Ideally i would like to give 4 stars) . if you are using this phone, help me for airtel internet settings
THANKS NOKIASmart Shoot. Take the perfect shot of your friends. There’s always one person with their eyes closed. But with Smart Shoot, one click of the camera takes a series of snaps. Take the best bits from each photo to create the perfect group shot. City Lens. Reveal your city's secrets. With Nokia City Lens, just holding up your phone reveals everything around you. Watch shops, restaurants and businesses pop up. Discover places you never knew existed. Then tap the screen to see reviews, directions and link
Superb phone... People who are fed up of using Android, go for windows... Lumia is really a good windows series, good build quality, touch is awesome... Windows Rocks... Go for it and u will really love this phone...
this phone i got from local store. it has everything that a working person wants in a phone . windows os is worlds ahead of "malware"/"freeware" android. it makes user happy . microsoft has always done good towards OS thing. just for now, i am waiting for carrier billing support and torrent downloading app. I don't know why people use 40K phones, one can buy a laptop in this range where you can your compile C++ or matlab codes. Trust me i purchased 12 mp nokia n8 years ago but never used its camera that much. Who wants 13 mp camera? this phone has nfc ! have u ever seen nfc in phones in this range ?? Xolo , micromax and wickelleak phones go dull after 6 months of usage while nokia build quality is best !! Go for it, you will never regret .
I Bought the Phone a week Back..Lumia 620 is the best in terms of speed & Multiple Processing. And Worth its Cost. I have No Complains about any of its functions, But Its Head Phones Are not as promising as the phone.... In Terms of Games & Apps , WINDOWS are still long way back... All together LUMIA 620 Is Awesome with few hiccups
This is the phone that you should go for if (1) You want to have the latest music free of cost (Nokia music which is awesome) (2) Nokia city lens is also good, gives you hotels restaurants in and around your place. (3) 5 Mp cam is a good one for normal pics when on the move. (4) Video recording is also excellent. (5) Windows 8 OS is amazingly smooth and you will just enjoy just moving across different apps. (6) Nokia maps is also great. I have been using it for the past 3 days now. Some of the things that i did not like are (1) Micro SIM, which has to be inserted below the SD card. It looked very delicate. (2) The holder for SD also looks delicate. (3) Front cam is a disappointment. But those are just one time installations, once done you can enjoy this nokia lumia. Battery again is a bit lower than average, if you use only for calling and SMS, it should last a day, but when i started using the internet, it just drains the battery. (Mine dropped from 70% to 30%) after downloading around 30 Mb in 1 hr. So use your battery wisely. Again background apps will drain your battery. This phone is not for games. This is only for every day use, who want to listen to music, browse a little while travelling, read some documents. Over all its an excellent package by Nokia.
Pros -------- Display - Crystal black, Really bright under sunlight. 9/10 Video playback - 1080p plays flawless. 9.5/10 Audio Quality- On earphones is really good. 7/10 Rear Camera - Excellent Image quality. High contrast images. 9/10 NFC- Built in NFC writer app. Connect with PC, Copy files and watch them even without disconnecting the card. Battery is average but better than android phones. Normal use 2days.
I purchased this phone on first day of release from Pune's local market in 14000 , used it from 5 days. Found no problems at all. Dual core. Superb touch screen, great performance, very unique camera. Also, on this phone there is unique offer, use Airtel sim on first time, and get 6GB , 3G data free for 3 months. It activates in nearly 3 hours. Also, 6 months unlimited nokia music subscription. It's paisa vasul phone.
An amazing piece of creation from Nokia...Smooth as a butter when it comes to performance.I feel windows 8 added a huge value to these phones combined with a good hardware support..The price tag looks very promising just like the performance..No wonder why Nokia is one of the best...Iam sure the competitors will have a very tough time going forward.
I bought this Phone after a lot of research on the Net. And thanks to Flipkart, the decision was a little easier. I've always been a Nokia Fan and I truly believed that someday Nokia will surely come back in the Race and Wala with Lumia 620 it did just that. The phone has very little to complain about which I'll mention in a bit. The best things about the Phone, awesome display, Superb Build Quality which has always been the Nokia's Signature, the durability. Quality of materials used including the hardware inside like the Processor etc. They never go cheap and hence their Phones last long unlike others. The best I like about this Phone so far in the last 2 days are the Windows 8 interface, the live tiles, the no confusing screens like Android ( if it's your first Smart Phone like me). Nokia Music is Free and Unlimited, you can either search for your favorites and download individually or Use one of the Radio Mixes, now with the Radio mix you can download the tracks and even listen to them offline. Now on the Flip Side. Few things to Watch out for. 1. App Selection isn't huge, even the most Common apps and games are missing. 2. Most of the good app's are paid. 3. Camera isn't great. 3. Battery life is a Concern if you're using it for Music or gaming, you would have to charge it twice a day however there are some battery app's which can help you with the settings to save on Power ( such as Battery Meter). Overall I'm happy with the Phone and there is also News that Microsoft will get the common app's for free pretty soon. Coz, if they really want to capture market, they surely will as there is already news that in the Month of May games like Temple Run will be available for Windows 8.
I have orderd this phone last week. This is already shipped nd i am waiting for this phone to get deliverd. I wish this will be on the mark as i am expecting. Guys please make me sure is this ok to get this phone if comparing from samsung galaxy nd all that or any other phone in this price range.
1.Some looser's doesn't know that the FM is enabled in the hardware, Microsoft working on it,May be in the next update we can get the FM app in the software side :) 2.Am using lumia 620 for more than a month,really i dont need a file manager..! to access music,Music App is there for videos vise versa :) 3.Why do you need Task manager ? before buy a mobile read the expert reviews fully and then buy :P 4.Worth the money :)
we all r geting boared with android smartphones.., try new windows lumia phones Lumia 620 is the best smart phone under 15 k. it is value for money product. and dont panic about snyc music and videos, it has mass storage u can easily put ur music ,videos and pics or files in memory card or phone storage., i have it my Nokia Lumia 620 and i m a die hard fan of Nokia. so buy it frnds.., be fan of of Lumia :)
This handset is really a good deal. The Camera is better than the best. I can even Bet for the Nokia 5MP camera. Awesome clarity in all the modes. panorama mode is an advantage. WP8 is bit tricky than Android. It is not user friendly at the initial stages cause u cant find the apps easily but later on u will love it. The display is very very good and the built quality of the handset is mind blowing. I will rate 9/10 Nokia is coming back in the market.
Yes sir it is possible to download videos and songs on this device. For youtube videos you can use MetroTube and for mp3 you can use of SuperMusic... There are other apps on the windows app store that will let u download both of them for free. Happy buying sir.
I had pre-ordered this phone from flipkart on 4th if march ...and i got this phone on 12th....flipkart rocks...!! Now being a avid mobile user,i used to recommend an android phone to everyone. Not until I once used a windows phone...Then i started recommending windows phone to everyone...so i was waiting to buy a windows phone 8 device for myself....i was pretty eager to get this device. And after using this device for almost 10 days ..i must say Nokia Lumia 620 did not disappoint me.. PROS- 1) ClearBlack Display----Sunlight visiblity is so good that it puts high end phones to Shame 2)Dual Core snapdragon processor----Maximized performance.....minimum battery consumption .. 3) Nokia extra apps----exclusive lumia apps like cinemagraph, smart shoot are excellent. 4)Windows phone 8----the best feature of this phone ,windows phone 8 is distinct,pure and a fluid mobile OS. CONS 1) Even though i don't think this as CON, the popular game and apps availability on windows store is somewhat disappointing.... but the situation is improving rapidly..Still i hope that within an year windows phone will be a top preference for game developers while developing new games. 2) Battery performance is OK....Nokia should have packed slightly greater battery backup ( like 1500 mAH)....windows phone OS though is excellent at battery backup... 3) Notification center....pls i'm dieing to get this on windows phone...notifications have been a negative point abt windows phone OVERALL This is a great device for 15000 RS. Even though it has a few shortcomings right now,i am quite sure those will be overcome in near future....Nokia has done a brilliant job....i hope they will surely gain quite a good market share by the LUMIA series...it is upto Microsoft to improve the OS now..
For all those smartphone users tired of android and want something exciting WP8 is the best thing around.Nokia lumia 620 is a device that does complete justice with the Windows phone experience.Just buy it and u will never regret. I'l keep it simple Pros: *the 3.8" SCREEN is just brilliant which uses Nokias Clearblack technology...wide angle viewability. *CAMERA-clicks some amazing pics in daylight.front camera is indeed really good. *No words can describe NOKIA APPS like Nokia Music ,Nokia HERE Drive+,HERE City lense etc which are just owesome. With Nokia Music u can actually hear and download unlimited number of songs . just buy this device for this app . *Completely lag free. *Ample scope for multitasking. *Really Cool Looking UI *If u r addicted to social networking sites like FB,twitter etc this device is for u.it will not let u down. *It plays 1080p HD videos effortlessly.supports almost all formats CONS: just one thing-Some popular games like temple run,Subway surfer are presently unavailable in WP8 Store.But the number of apps r growing and these may come in the future. If u can live without some games and apps like Flipboard this is an extemely good package.
better than android os lack of application live tiles looks amazing in 3.81 inc capacitive screen amazing gaming experience with 1gzh dual core processor recommended for those who bored of the childish android nokia is back with bang
awesome mid-range phone.. OS is smooth as butter.. its pretty sure you'll forget the word "lag" after using this phone :) the one thing we can blame WP8 for its Windows Store Library. But hey, who needs tons of apps.?? highly recommended.. thanks to flipkart for superfast delivery! ;)
The phone was delivered in a iPhone-esque small-size box, with all the general accessories such as the USB cable-cum-charger, battery and a welcome addition of ear-shaped buds. The buds aren't a drastic improvement, actually it seems like a rip off from the new Apple earpods, but its still good to see Nokia making an effort. The OS is just what you would expect from Microsoft, elegant and smooth. There are some useful apps and typical smartphone features and some unique features like Cinemagraph, City Lens, Nokia Maps etc. SkyDrive will backup all your photos and documents, and you can interact with your Windows 7/8 laptop through your phone too. The free Music that Nokia offers on the Mix radio is a welcome surprise too. The major problems with the OS are: • No dedicated file manager like Android or Symbian, you will not be able to access files not supported by the device. Files can only be accessed through the supporting apps. • Contacts need to be synced online ONLY. It is a real pain to import contacts from your old mobile. • THERE IS NO SILENT OR DISCREET MODE!! This is really frustrating. You have to turn the volume all the way down to go into silent mode. • The device needs a micro-SIM so your old SIM card won't work, you need to cut your SIM card into a Micro-SIM or ask your service provider to provide you one. If you have an Airtel SIM card, you will also get 3GB/month 3G data for free with the box, another welcome surprise. The build is amazing, especially the cyan one that I ordered. Tha back flap is difficult to open and it will take a while before you will start doing it fluently, but the overall look is classy and chic. The display is crisp and colours are bright. There aren't a lot of brightness settings (just 3: low, medium and high), but the screen is gorgeous. The camera clarity is fantastic for the price range, photos click very fast in daylight and take about 1-1.5 seconds in low light conditions. The front cam is plain bad, but there are very few models which offer a front cam in this price range, and so it is a welcome addition. Overall, the phone is a pleasure to use. Buy it, its worth every penny. Don't be afraid to try out Windows 8, its the future!
Excellent for 15k, nice built, good looks evrything is fine. but i am not happy with the battery life. i dont use it much but as would say, i charged it to 100% in the morning but came to 15% in the evning. but the period i just did two calls which lasted for max 2mins and 3 apps download of avg 4mb and tested it few times. people who travela lot not recommended or who is usaully not a long battery lover. overall it loved it..
I bought yellow color phone just for the reason I am bored of black and white color phones. Really it is a worth buy. 1) Live tiles - as the name says it is lively showing all your updates. Live tiles for Facebook and mails gets updated with data usage. You have options to switch off updates manually, also they can turn off automatically when battery is about to drain. 2) Display and touch - Graphics are too good and transition between screens are very smooth. Display is dark enough to avoid reflections. Also display is very attractive. 3) Descent set of apps in store. 4) Attractive panel color :-) 5) Maps are very accurate. 6) camera clarity is good, also flash is there. cons: 1) I guess there is no option to switch off vibration for keys alone. 2) nokia music app dont have option to FF songs. I can't find any other cons than this. overall phone is worth of its purchase. Go for it. It is well priced medium priced phone.
Finally shifted to lumia 820 due to delay in launch date Differences Lumia 620 has a 3.81 LCD screen vs Lumia 820 4.3 AmoLED screen Lumia 620 has Ram 512 Mb vs Lumia 820 1Gb Ram Lumia 620 not compitable with 4G vs Lumia 820 compitable with 4G Lumia 620 5MP camera vs Lumia 820 8MP camera Lumia 620 1Ghz S4 Krait vs Lumia 820 1.5Ghz S4 Krait Common Lumia 620 8GB internal same as Lumia 820 Lumia 620 64GB extendable same as Lumia 820 Both running on WP 8 Lumia 620 protection clear black display same as Lumia 820 Difference 14,999 vs 26999 If u have flexibilty in budget go for 820 else 620 is outstanding at that price go for it.......WP8 sure is not at all a dissapointment Just love using WP8..Something different than Android and IOS Coming to WP8 advantages it is defined perfectly smooth touch and UI is totally different It has the ability to perform well even on 512MB ram so.Ram not an issue Wonderful integration of social networking sites with contacts DisAdv of WP8 You cannot change ur OS like Android.if we dontlike we can download custom ROM like cynogen mod etc It is end user u cannot change the clock of your chip and there are no that many third party apps as compared to IOS and Android About phone 1.Display with 247 ppi is awesome in the given price range no mobile provides such facility *dont compare micromax and lava with 2.Internal Memory 8GB is just awesome so that we can load as many apps we want to not like android phones which provide 4GB internal memory in this range of (Usable 5.01GB in this phone) 3.Resolution must have been qHD but we can adjust with WXVGA in this range and there is no IPS LCD which coming Lumia 720 has 4.Extendable memory 64GB which is more than sufficient for a mobile phone 5.Coming to chipset S4 is the best in the market which is coming in 28nm technology dual core 1.0Ghz is sufficient bcoz WP8 doent use much of the hardware compared to android and Adreno 305 GPU can provide 720P resolution without any problem.which means u can watch 720P resolution movies flawlessly 6.Camera front VGA fine but there is no chance of making video call in 3G in WP8 software.Rear 5MP fine but should have been carl Zeiss lens but clarity is fine 7.Clear black display is similar to corning gorilla glass display in protection 8.Battery should have been more than 1600maH for long life without charging 9.Digital Dolby surround is given so music is awesome with sony or senheiser earphones
What I used before: Sony Xperia Go (brilliant phone for 15000 that was water-proof, dust-proof, scratch proof and all that) What happened to it: Fell out of the window of a BEST bus in Mumbai My budget for a new phone: 12000 My main outlook: Good camera, Great overall speed (like my dear Xperia Go) What I was eyeing: Nokia 520/525, HTC Desire X (becaue of great reviews) But: I spent 500 more and bought this brilliant Nokia 620 at a Croma Store. And I totally totally can NOT get my hands of this phone (which is a matter of concern given I run my own organisation) Why I'm crazy about it: - With a screen size of 3.8" and the curved edges it's a great size and fits my hand beautifully - Windows OS is SUCH AN AMAZING break from Android (uff) - I'm a lover of 'speed' and Windows 8 obliges - Bright colours makes everything else in life look dull - Camera is super duper with nice effects and all - Nokia apps are cool and funky - The set of apps I used on Android are all there in the Nokia store - All I have to do is search a little harder than in Android where there are more 'official' apps made. But I have everything now so no complaints AT ALL! Who should buy this phone? - People who want a change (from your 'ex' Android who was so protective that they thought they knew best for you) - People who respect speed, wanna check mail and respond, play some basic games, make internet calls to friends abroad (and have them see you through the front cam) Who should NOT buy this phone? - People who love BIG screens and square phones that are half the size of their faces - People who're too dependent on 'swiping' the keyboard. I miss this feature. And its the only one I miss on Windows. - People who like thinking the same way all their lives. Go Android!
First, Flipkart's delivery, as usual, is awesome. This was my first product that got delivered in 24hours instead of two days! The phone, for the price I got it (INR 13,396) was the best possible purchase for ANY phone hardware, which is 7 months back. I praise the hardware because the camera was beautiful. Photo and video. The video is a pristine 720p quality at 30fps. The camera with flash days gorgeous pictures in the day time and average shots in the dark with the flash on. The software collection for Windows Phone is no longer an issue. You have - WhatsApp - Nextgen (RSS reader) - Excellent games, many are free - Excellent Twitter and Skype - below average Facebook - default automatic syncing of any of your email accounts, and lots more Pros: Good collection of apps Good camera and EXCELLENT video shooting Gorgeous high density screen quality, watching HD videos is a pleasure! No heating when using most apps and HIGH END games Interface on the home screen is a refreshing change from Android Google products work well with 3rd party apps, in spite of Google blocking their official service from Windows Phone Hardly ever lags (hardly is the catch) Cons: Volume control affects videos/music AND the main ringer. So, if I reduce the volume if a video and then forget to turn it up, the ringer will be low volume as well and I end up missing calls! Shape of the phone makes it easy to drop. I have dents on the soft plactic! Proximity sensor defect with my phone Bugs like duplicate files shown in the memory card The interface of the app browser gets painful and boring after a while because you can't rearrange it as per your taste, you always have to use the search bar or the alphabet browser Visible notifications for an app only possible if you pin it to the home screen Editing contacts gets a bit confusing if you have multiple accounts synced because Microsoft has no concept of local contact storage in the phone. If it's online, it HAS to be on the phone. The review system in the app store sucks. There is no way of seeing more helpful reviews, they are all ordered chronologically After a while the look of the OS gets drab and boring without a wallpaper in the background to spice things up WORST OFFENDER: Microsoft is not as quick as Apple in giving updates, it does not correct bugs either. In the Windows Phone official forum you will see loads of issues unresolved with no answer from Microsoft. NOT as featured as Google in the first place. Conclusion: Do I like my phone? Yes. Do I love my phone? No. Will I recommend Windows Phone to my friends? No.
service of flipkart is very good not doubt but this nokia product is not satisfied the customer.. so i feel vey angry for that product....pls i want to say all my dear friends dont buy this product forever....................gooddddddddd daayyyyy the main problem is memory not detect or show in that mobile and now my product admitted to the nokia care center............
I bought this from flipkart and i found it superb. There is no lag in the device no matter how heavily you load this with apps. Only the battery could have been better. however, good money invested, i feel.
To start with I was planning to buy a non-Samsung/ HTC/ Karbonn/ Micromax mobile that eventually were copycat of one another or the masterpiece “iPhone”, adding to the that the hardware specs of the above majors was never satisfactory unless you fork out 10gms of Gold I was a Nokia user for over 4 years and was always amazed at the advantage (feature wise) a head-start can give somebody, had also used Motorola, Sony-Eric~, Samsung. My assumptions when I decided to go with the Nokia-WP8 combination was that it would be competitive to the existing majors, Android/iOS, but i were to be proved wrong eventually. I unconditionally accept the fact that the hardware specs/ reliability/ build quality of the Lumia range are incomparable to any android phone at the price point. Nokia music is a good add-on that works for 6 months but then the party is over after all…. Nokia apps like Here Drive/Here City lens/Here Maps are very very cool and have there own standing when comes to functionality, but the same can be achieved in a android device if not in iOS. "Lenses" that Nokia is pushing, is all about one click effects to your photos that is not necessarily a **WP8 only** feature. now coming to the cons that totally wipe out the entire feature list as mentioned above/ elsewhere, RAM - 512MB— what so..?? even the iPhone has the same spec… well that is a iPhone..!! if you run the browser just with three tabs and the Here Maps app together, the “Recovering RAM" video(4secs each time) plays every few minutes or when you switch between apps…( there goes multitasking..!!) No separate volume settings for different notifications— Volume settings are universal, if your set your headphone volume to 15 even the ring volume will change to 15..!!!! cannot set separate volume levels/rings tones for different events like SMS, Reminder, etc…. One tap setting of mp3 file as ringtone— there is a way long way of doing the simple thing even the baby S60 os could accomplish with a few clicks..!! File manager--no no... don’t even think about it. You cannot even buy a app that would or can be defined as a file manager. ( Because MS has locked down that functionality….Muhu ha ha ha …Mogambo khush hua!! ) only work around is to use computer… !! Music app-- all 3rd party app are dependent on the inbuilt music app of WP8 and that is no way close to being intuitive and it took tens of minutes to figure out how to create a playlist or add few songs or edit the same and still after that it is a pain to do…. ( frustrates you to the core of your heart!!) No notifications tab—it is being tested in the GDR3 but will take another couple of months to eventually come to a standard Lumia…. not sure if current users will get the update!! Battery— 1300 mAh only, for a phone that should multitask, drains out in 3hrs if you use 3G and maps or browse internet on the phone, will last on;y 24 hours without data connection.. Internet Tethering(via USB/Wi-Fi) — USB tethering is absent that means you can only tether using the wi fi , which turns off automatically if not used for a few minutes…??!! ( Good luck with booking tickets in IRCTC ) Touch Sensitivity/ Soft button for locking screen— the sensitivity of the screen is very high even if set to “Low" in the settings tab, even your headphone wire will work with the screen causing issue’s when the screen is not locked, screen lock has to be done only with the physical button and no soft button app or feature,( again good luck if you don’t lock the screen when you put the phone in pocket!! ) No Task Manager—coming from windows legacy we all know how important the TM app is, if a app is hung and not responding it is the only piece of code that can save your day. ( fire the guy who said it was not needed..) Exit button — there is absolutely no exit button what so ever for any app, you have to keep tapping the back button until you reach the first page and then exit tapping the back button once more……. how insane and ridiculous is that!!?? If you have used a few Nokia phone you will be aware of these features that made life easy Timed Profile Setting— set a profile only for a period of time, after that back to the general or whichever profile you want Control/Volume buttons in the headset—nope, don’t even think of them, the bundled headphones are footpath quality and will cause pain in your ears if you use for long time / narrow inner ear. and lot lot more that were found only in Nokia and don’t show up in Lumia…. the flagship!!! Would have given Five stars if not for the WP8
Hi Readers, First of all thanks to Flipkart for its as usual prompt delivery. Very excited to get first smartphone in home & it was delivered 2 days earlier than committed. I have read and hear from web & friends many negative feedbacks for window phones. Everyone appreciates android that is most popular. But guys trust me this window phone is lovely. I bought this phone for my wife. But i fell in love with it. It's been 10 days we are using this phone. We both using this phone deliberately. People say its not user friendly, but i disagree. Its a window phone & you find a lot of customisable windows (yes, i call the bricks as windows) on homepage where one can create shortcuts for any app. Initially one might feel lil different to use it. But guys when the first touch screen phone was released in market (java OS) everyone felt the same. For me Highlights are: 1. 8GB internal storage in this price range is real good (approx 5GB is available for user). Nice Pie Chart graphics for storage check. 2. Nokia Care in-built app. You have any question on usage, you have the answer there. 3. Front camera for video chat. Not available in any good brands in this price range. 4. Screen is 3.8", but it has highly clear resolution. The HD video displays are awesome. 5. The 5mp rear camera clicks excellent pics with its flash & also in daylight (w/o flash). 6. Pre-installed apps like Nokia music, zomato, bookmyshow, nokia maps & here drive+. 7. Nokia maps are more accurate than google maps. Its my personal experience & i have learnt from many android users who previously used nokia maps. 8. Nokia music gives you a power to download millions of songs for free You have all types & categories of songs there. I have added a 4gb SD card for this purpose. Who cares for FM where ads & other foolish stuffs are relayed more than songs. 9. Data sense is a good app. If you dont want to use your 3G data more than 1GB, you can set the limit and it helps keep a track on it. Isn't that cool!! This can be set for mobile data only, not for wifi. 10. Ppl say RAM is 512 MB only & should be 1GB. But i haven't seen any lag on it. We play many games on it like temple run, rail rush, AE 3D Moto, 3D Brutal chase, etc. No lags at all. 11. All popularly used free apps are available in store, viz. whatsapp, wechat, line, etc. 12. Touch screen is very smooth & flawless. 13. The phone is not very sleek & lil heavy according to its size, but very strong. Guys its NOKIA. The tough brand which taught everyone what a mobile phone is. 14. You can change the background color with either dark or light and with 20 accent colors. The only thing i found little different (instead of saying flaw) is, while storing a contact it gives two options only, Microsoft a/c or Google a/c. It doesn't show like phone memory, sim memory, etc. like we are habituated with normal phones. The advantage of this is, you access to your hotmail/live or gmail account it stores all your contacts from it. Things can be improved: 1. battery of 1300 mAh. It drains real quick. If you play games & music, just 3 hrs. Nokia was very well known for its long battery back-up. It could've have maintained the same fame. 2. The phone body colour yellow looks very dark in the pictures here, but in actual it is very light like lime. But that works for my wife. Overall I am very very satisfied with Windows phone & especially lumia 620. I will certainly buy another window phone in future & also recommend. Wish you Happy shopping!!!! Thanks...
I bought this phone in june 2013, and i am writing this review after 4 months of usage. This device is beautiful,and business class i would say. There are no funky , show off features apart from its display screen ( which attracts compliments ) There are so many apps like Here drive , plus etc that make this device more amazing. I have experienced no lags. There were some problems in the first month. But they have just vanished. There are some amazing features like: > peek screen > data sense > lock screen notifications > Nokia music (Free :) ) > People ( Notifications from all major social networks, at one place) This phone is awesome.
Got the product very well packaged as I had pre-ordered. After using this for about 8 months I'm writing this review. The product is an overall great one. Cons to begin with: 1. my vibration has stopped functioning within 3 months. 2. the phone hangs very rarely but when it does sometimes it gets back on automatically else I need to remove the battery. 3. sometimes the battery drains real fast while using edge Pros: 1. very sturdy phone, fallen many times (not on bed but on concrete) but still no significant scratches 2. windows is the best os, very fluid and easy to use 3. apps have increased considerably for this platform and rising 4. phone build quality is great, and the outer skin makes everybody feel like it got some cover, but truly, I don't use any additional cover on it.... except for the screen guard!! 5. camera is great for a 5 megapixel and the inbuilt auto fix makes pictures fabulous. 6. The best part ..... video recording is the most best feature. The quality is better than any point and shoot camera. Colours are natural and lighting is just perfect. 7. Flash is very powerful and photos are good even in complete darkness. 8. Dolby audio via ear phones is a complete theatre like feel (mind to use some good earphones, not the standard cheap nokia ones that come bundled) 9. The display is crystal clear, any full hd videos play very smoothly. A real visual treat. 10.Now with the recent amber update, the glance features steals the show. I can keep on writing, but this based all on my personal experience on the model of phone I use. But given brand Nokia I'm sure most will find this a real worth. Its purely worth buying, keeps you class apart from androids and iphones, even though I like both of them for their various features ....
First of all, I would like to Thank Flipkart for rapid delivery and for great offer on Lumia 620 phone. Nokia Lumia 620, with Windows 8 OS has great inbuilt features.This NFC enabled device, with great speech to text, voice command and Skydrive storage has great performance backed by Snapdragon processor. Glonass GPS works well with Nokia Here Drive, And its really amazing to use its compass with Flashlight-X for better direction identification. Windows phone Apps for desktop makes it easy to take backup of your photos, video on your laptop/desktop or simply enable backup to skydrive option in your device so that you do not lose your valuable media contents. As far games is concerned Temple Run, AE 3D, World Cricket Championship, Asphalt 8 etc has good graphics and work without any lags. Here you gets chance to install XBox and Nokia Games at very low cost or Free of cost. Overall, Nokia provides you an opportunity to download non-pirated MP3 songs from their biggest collection "Nokia Music Store". As far my personal experience is concerned I would recommended to all to buy Nokia Lumia 620 without thinking twice as its fully loaded phones with backup from two giant companies i.e NOKIA CORP & MICROSOFT CORP.
after a long time nokia has launched a very good product ,as the windows 8 is new in the completion to anriod and io's , it is quite nice crafted. battery back is also decent,surfing speed is quite good. camera quality is nice only suffers in low light mode. rest all is quite good. my recomendation is 8/10 for this phone, indeed a smart move by nokia
The Nokia Lumia 620 comes powered by a dual core processor running on the Windows Phone 8 (WP8) OS with 512MB RAM over a 3.81 inch touchscreen. This is a powerful and the best smartphone with WP8 for under Rs. 15,000. Lumia 620 Box pack It’s a small box that houses the Nokia handset, user guide, 1300 mAh battery, travel charger, micro USB to USB cable and earphone of a very good quality. You also get some special offers from Airtel and FCbarcelona calling. Sar value is 0.84 W/Kg. Design and Display The Nokia 620 is not that slim, it’s 11mm thick and the weight is 127 grams. There are 3 touch navigation buttons on the front side. The screen is with clearblack technology and the display is clearly visible even under direct sunlight. The rear side is matt finish, you can choose from many colours like White, Cyan, Magenta, Black, Yellow etc. You need to hold the case and push the camera Lens away to remove the back cover. The display screen is 3.81 inches supporting 800×480 pixels resolution with 16M colours. Multi touch is supported and there are magnetic, light, accelerometer and proximity sensors. The viewing angle is really good, the picture is sharp, the touch is smooth and responsive. Nokia Lumia 620 box pack Processor and Performance The Lumia 620 is powered by Qualcomm Krait Dual core processor clocked at 1.0GHz coupled with Adreno 305 GPU. The performance is butter smooth and there is also access to the store to download additional apps and games. Nokia Lumia 620 review Memory, Storage and OS The RAM of 512MB is more than sufficient to run the WP8 OS over the dual core processor. Add to it there is an internal storage space of 8GB and micro SD slot for adding max 64GB additional storage cards. Of the 8GB space about 2.52GB is used. Camera of 5MP resolution The 5MP auto focus camera quality is good there is a dedicated camera button that works just like on compact / SLR cameras. You press the button a little and it will focus and then press it all the way down to capture the shot. Nokia Lumia 620 5MP camera The interface is simple and easy to use with minimal settings. There are various modes like panorama, smart shoot, Bing vision and Cinemagraph, plus option to find and download more lenses. There is built in LED flash and the camera can record videos in 720p (HD) resolution at 29fps. There is also a secondary camera. I have not checked if the handset can play full HD (1080p) videos but I doubt it will. If you own the Lumia 620 let me know if you can play full HD videos. Connectivity The handset supports 3G (21Mbps HSDPA), 2G (EDGE/ GPRS), there is built in IE 10 browser, micro USB port, Wi-Fi with hotspot, micro USB port, GPS with A-GPS / GLONASS that works with Nokia Maps, Bluetooth 3.0, NFC and Single micro SIM support. Others / Games The loudspeaker / in call sound is loud and clear. For gaming there are some pre installed options like the Angry birds but you need to download the data. You can also connect your Xbox account with this handset. Battery The 1300mAh battery gives a standby time of 330 hours and talktime is over 8 hours to 14 hours depending on the network. For moderate users the handset will easily last for a full 24 hours on a single charge. Nokia Lumia 620 Review If you are a Nokia fan and/or a fan of the Windows Mobile operating system, this is the best you can get for the price. The display quality is excellent, the camera is pretty good, the performance is buttery smooth and price just right. How To get started with ur phone ? When you Buy Nokia Lumia 620 or any other nokia windows 8 phone you have to run a setup firrst,Just unbox the phone and then insert sim card and bettery on ur phone(Make sure you have a Internet package activated on ur sim card or you Have a Wi fi network,because at first start up you need to install some apps from nokia,Ok,after inserting the batary and sim card press the power button for 2-3sec and then nokia logo will apeare on screen wait for some time then you get a setup guide ,just follow the setup,if you have a hotmail account sign in useing it,after the setup you will get the windows phone 8 start screen and then you you are ready to use ur phone (Note that i don.t have the phone i used this on nokia priority store,but i m going to buy this phone soon)
I have bought this phone from Flipkart just a week ago for 13899 but now the price is 12999.! Anyways will speak about the phone. At the first look phone looked awesome in hands as its handy to hold and operate in one hand, clear back display is good but the side buttons are not smooth at all. Its my first WP experience as I was using Android earlier for almost 3 years. Lets see the missing very basic features I noticed in the phone. 1. You don't have 'edit number before call' option which sucks in crucial time. 2. In call log (history) if you have one particular number many times you have to scroll down to see when you have called unlike android phones where you will see under particular number all the dates and call duration. 3. Call duration is completely missing. 4. While typing the number in keypad suggestions features is missing which you get in samsung phones. 5. Battery backup is not up to the mark. 6. You to download separate app for shortcuts which you can easily access in samsung with just swipe from top (Wifi, BT, GPS, Data, Auto Rotation, Profiles etc) 7. Apps are limited but more than enough for moderate user. 8. In Whatsapp u need many clicks to add smileys unlike other phones (hope it will be fixed soon) 9. Even for battery percentage need to download separate app which you find on the battery icon itself in the other phones. 10. Many more basics The phone is awesome feels awesome in hands and definitely it gives different feel from what android is except those features. As this is my first WP phone just let me know if I am wrong with any of the above features.
There is nothing which I can say don't like about this phone. Holding this phone on hand is so comfortable. Has a pretty nice display which is neither small nor very big unlike the galaxy note 5'5 (mini laptop). Overall it's a perfect smartphone.
It is a nice phone with so many features, very fast, one who is using Windows in their PC it is ultra best for them. XBOX gamings- I love it... The price is very much affordable. The battery back up is good.. My Nokia Lumia 620
Look, feel and operation: The phone looks very sturdy with its smooth, rounded edges and solid back cover and thus it is less prone to wear and tear. The back case is full plastic and covers all the sides (and back) of the phone thus making the phone look very neat and clean. It is made completely of plastic but does not look too cheap. The phone has a decent sized screen (Not too big not too small) and has all the buttons are on the right side of the phone, so you do not have to have the hand of a gymnast to operate it - something that large size phones simply do not allow. Screen display and display interface: The screen of the phone is very nice and clean to look at because of its shape. The high resolution and colors make the screen look neat, vibrant and precise. The application-tile interface allows the user to adjust the size, placement and sequence of the application-tiles thus allowing great screen customization. You can set the phone display on background colors of black and white and choose from the many accent colors, allowing you to change the phone's look to best suit your mood. Phone build and performance: The phone has a very sturdy hardware build. With its 1 GHz processor, 512 MB RAM and 8 GBs of internal storage, the phone can run applications at high speeds. The 8 Giga-Bytes of internal storage allows you to store a lot applications on the phone itself, thus enabling faster access and fast interface speeds - something that other phones in this price range simply do not have. The windows system and pre-installed software take up about 3-4 GBs of space, so you’re really left with just with 4-5 GBs for your own software. It still beats all the others though. Apps.: Although windows store boasts of having several apps, it’s severely disappointing when it comes to the very popular and wanted apps and games. However, Nokia Lumia come with its own apps like HERE City-Lens, HERE drive+, HERE maps (which allows you to navigate on an offline map - very convenient and fast) and Nokia music - something that other platforms do not offer (citation needed). This phone also comes with pre-installed and free Microsoft Office which adds to the phone’s value. Camera: For its price, the phone has an awesome camera. Pictures come out clear, well-focused and vibrant due to its 5 MP camera, single flash and auto-focus. The phone lacks light contrasting though - so pictures taken against the sun come out medium to horrible. The video function gives you sharp, smooth, non-shaky videos but audio becomes shrieky. Entertainment: Watching photos and videos on this phone is a real pleasure because of the awesome screen resolution, color and clarity. The phone’s speaker is good too but is placed in an awkward area as it can easily get blocked by the palm - Some may find that very irritating. The app - Nokia music - is something that music lovers will really appreciate. You can be up-to-date with the latest and the best music in your favorite genres. The Nokia music store has It is surprisingly, there is no search function in My Music and you have to scroll through to find your song. If the name of the song is even a little different from the track name, it might just be impossible to find your song. Connectivity: The phone comes with all the basic connectivity components - 3G, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. The home-screen has a search button which uses Bing search engine and gives you an instant-search ability. Internet Explorer is pre-installed in the phone and is quite satisfactory. Some people, however, may find it very awkward without the forward and back buttons on the browser and with the address bar at the bottom, but that's easy to get used to. Overall: Overall, the phone is excellent. The phone is reliable, sturdy by design and very good looking for its price. With the next windows 8 OS update (not announced as of May 2013), with this combination of OS and Phone, it will definitely give the other competitors a tough time.
I absolutely love my Nokia Lumia 620! It has lived up to my expectations. I have no regrets with this purchase whatsoever. The specs are amazing. Great camera! The interface is so simple and very well done. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants a smartphone but doesn't need anything extravagant.
I have used many phones from Nokia. This is the most delicate one. I bought this just 2 week back. Today morning it fell from my hands and complete screen is gone now. Full of cracks. Touch is not at all working!!! :( I'm worried of spending 4K more to get a replacement of the screen. I had a Sony phone which was many times fallen down still in good condition. Even Nokia old phones are of same kind. But don't consider to buy this if you are like me who do a tough testing for phone. This is such a delicate device!!! It did not sustain even a 3 feet drop. But feature wise, its an amazing combination.. Windows 8 is superb. If you are not worried about too many applications available in android or iphone store.
One of the best phone in the market. Definetly people will get bit less apps in comparison to Android but i am sure once you will use a WP8 then definitely you are going to love it. Working is very smooth. Touch is very good. Nokia 620 is a affordable phone for the middle class user. I took it just after launching in India. It is awesome. Thanks Rohit
Best in price v/s performance over > 720 Better than 520.. Just go for it.. I am loving this phone.. The UI of Windows Phone 8 combined with durability and exclusive apps from Nokia makes this the best choice of windows phones in market in this price range..
Hiii Lumia fans.. After seeing the specifications & reviews of Lumia 620, I ordered this phone and got it 3 days back.. Its really awesome regarding, Clear Black Display, refreshing Windows UI, touch sensitivity, quick response, accounts integration, Double shot color shell, skype video calling, camera lenses etc.. bt.. From my experience, I noticed some drawbacks in this phone, If there are any solutions please suggest : # Battery Life is really poor, and Earphones provided are very bad and disappointing.. (Phone has Dolby enhancements without good earphones) # All Hardware features are damn good but i felt basic needs of phone are missing regarding Windows OS. # Its not quite easy to get into contacts to make a call.. # There is no proper call Log (calls to same contact are being listed separately which is irritating), no call duration.. # When I create a new message, There is no recent message recepients list/call log/favourites to send the message.. Every time we shud go through the whole contacts.. # There is no symbolic/colour differentiation for incoming and out going calls.. # There is no message counter, call duration log.. # There is no stop watch or count down timer.. # There is no FM.. # I transferred some unsupported files via bluetooth, I read in reviews that there is no file browser in WP, from which I thought those files are not visible in Phone but can be browsed by connecting to PC. Unfortunately, I couldnt find those files anywhere which is a major drawback.. I know, these are not big issues bt hope windows would also fix such issues as soon as possible.
Windows Phone 8 stands out and Lumia 620 is best buy! NOTE: This review was posted few days ago and it was most useful review according to users vote. Flipkart deleted it for no reason or who knows if somebody at Flipkart also fears of rise of Windows Phone! On a serious note, being user of Galaxy SII and Lumia 820 (WP8), I have used both platforms extensively and I couldn't agree more to this review so re posting it! ------ Why should you buy WP? Why not Android or iOS? Best answer is WP does BASIC tasks very efficiently. WP is not app-centric like Android or iOS. Few Examples: 1. You can integrate all contacts from all ur accounts (Facebook, Hotmail/Outlook, Google, LinkedIn, twitter etc.) into single place called people's hub. You can create a group, by choosing some people & name that group, then pin it to start. That group tile only contains info about those people u selected. If u swipe right side, you get all updates from all set accounts in single place like Facebook wall/tweets etc. If you use android or iOS, you must install multiple apps and jump between them and there are some 3rd party apps too but their experience is very dull and not polished compared to integrated approach of WP. 2. Pressing camera key launches camera no matter where u are, even if phone is locked (long press camera button). Snap a pic and instantly share it in any way u want (NFC, Mail, Bluetooth etc). Same works for search button. Many times you install applications related to camera. In android u must launch that app for using it. In WP, launch camera normally and press lenses option & u get list of all apps related to camera and u can simply choose one from list and bam! You get the functionality of the app , don't like that lens? Choose another or download more from store. 3. Tiles: You can pin your favourite web pages, videos, albums, documents, contacts etc. to ur homescreen for quick access. You can also pin shortcuts for switching on/off Bluetooth, WiFi etc. You can also pin Tiles for stocks, weather, news etc. Live tiles help u to see what’s happening; they get updated in real time. Overall interface of WP is very clean, intuitive & consistent across the OS and even the third party apps. 4. Kid's Corner: You have kids? Then Kid's corner is for you. It’s is like a phone inside another phone. Turn on kid's corner and add apps, games, music which you want to allow access. When u press lock button, phone gets turned on and now swipe towards right, u get second lock screen for your kid. Kid's corner cuts off connectivity and prevents children from access or messing with data. Don't have kids? Use it like "Media centre" or "Nokia centre" with specific apps u selected. I turned kid's corner into media centre with all media stuff. You can also use it as Guest account by adding all non-personal apps so that you can handover ur phone to anyone without privacy concerns. 5. Sky Drive: Sky Drive uploads automatically whatever photos and contacts u added in your phone to the cloud- as Outlook or Google. You can turn off if u want, but it’s quite useful because data is safe on cloud. 6. Don’t forget Nokia & MS apps. They are awesome! Office and Office 365 suite is integrated in OS along with Exchange server for business users. There are official apps for other MS productivity tools like Lync. Nokia HERE Drive is only true offline voice guided turn by turn navigation suite in whole world! You can download country or state maps and navigate offline when there is no data connectivity or no data roaming in odd places you may have to travel. What else you want?! If you do, HERE maps, city lens and transit apps complete location based experience. I have found all those apps by MS and Nokia very useful on various occasions. And it’s free! ------- Sure, I can make even bigger list guys, but my point is simple, After u use WP for a month or two, it’s hard to go back to app-centric Android. At this price, no android device can play any high end game anyway apart from normal games, forget the rich UX and functionality of WP. Many restrictions of WP7.x are removed in WP8. It supports drag and drop, no need of Zune or Windows Phone app (it’s optional). BT file sharing is built in and works flawlessly with any other device. Kernel is changed to Windows NT so that apps are easy to port from Windows 8 and RT. Unity engine is supported for gaming so games are easy to port from Android and iOS. Expect many new apps and games in coming days to WP8 due to these core changes. Expandable memory is added. Dual band WiFi is available on all WP8 Lumia phones. Only other devices having it are iPhone 5, iPad 4 , Galaxy S3 , Note 2 and iPod Touch 5th gen. Every other phone has 2.4 Ghz WiFi which is slower than 5 Ghz band. Get the phone guys,
This smartphone is meant for those seeking an affordable smartphone with an overall good set of features and without any fancy/powerful hardware, for a decent budget price. Nokia offers Music, Maps and more along with the regular Windows Phone 8 OS package. However, this smartphone is not meant for someone who wants to try out every app and game that pops up in the market.
this is really a damn good phone every thing was so nice display so vivid, camera,gps, maps every thing fine and good. only thing that concerns is the short battery life. some times its necessary to charge twice a day for heavy users and gamers. and then flipkart got my phone on the very next day of ordering.
I will rate this product as something that will satisfy its owner .. Definitely I am a hapy person that I selected this product .. I have been Using Samsung Galaxy Y for Past 1.5 yrs and I was quite disappointed with the bugs .. It shows Samsung bad qualty in their product testing .. Lumia gives a fresh look and feel and the easiness with which you can access the apps are ressly good .. Even the Apps available in the phone are quite gud and I found decent amount of apps in the Apps store as well .. The main advantage I observed is the various options available with Photo shoot including Panorama ..(I am yet to checck all the features and apps ) .. Battery life seems to be pretty decent with my phone lasting 1 day after a normal day usage . If you want a change from usual Android OS and a hassle free experience and that too for a very decent pricing the Nokia Lumia is for you .. Also Flipkart helped me a lot .. When I first bukd My Favourite color Cyan (April 8) was not available .. So i booked yellow and the very next day Cyan was available and they introduced an offer of 16GB memory card free .. I contacted Customer Service an they immediately cancelled my buking , which was already shipped to my Place , and allowed me to make a new booking ..
Awsum phone just love it ! can anyone tell me what memory card is compatible with this phone only users who are using this phone can suggest or anyone who is sure ...thanks a must buy gadget..windows phone rocks nOkIa comeback phone :)
Needlessly to say Nokia is back in the game,620 is superb device,boasts 1Ghz dual core snapdragon s4 with 512MB RAM is good enough to run WP8 without any lag,the beauty of WP OS is its people centric nature,use it for couple of days then you will know why I said like that
the only one issue that seems to have is its battery backup while using internet, i think its less than average, all others are very very good, including camera, video play back (now i am watching full HD films in my mobile)
Its been one month since I bought this phone from Nokia Priority and also got an Insurance which covers theft and physical damage. Things I like about Lumia 620 - 1. Processor is powerful enough to multitask without any fluidity loss in speed. 2. Color production is excellent when used indoor and outdoor. Sunlight readability is working great. 3. 3G speed of the phone is great and IE 10 works flawlessly. 4. Does essential daily mobile tasks without any kind of speed drops. 5. Facebook, Google, Linkedin updates are built in inside the People, Notification and Messaging application. I didn't need to install any third party application. Sync works perfectly. 6. Sturdy and authentic looks. (Not like samsung using cheap plastic and silvery borders everywhere) 7. Touch is feather smooth. One will keep touching the UI for hours for no reason. Its smooth like 'Jack Daniels' Things I didn't like about the phone. 1. Battery drains out in a day. (It is sufficient for one day) 2. Camera is not that great. Images don't have detail. 3. Headphones provided are hopeless. I bought a Sennheiser to enjoy my music collection. 4. Apps library is very limited. (But you'll get all basic apps like Skype etc.. ) My ratings are 4 out of 5. Go for it !
this is really good that nokia put up lumia 620 with great features like full HD recording of video. awesome 5MP camera, Bluetooth 3.0 and NFC , WIFI. display is too good .. fits in hand perfectly .. good choice of colors to choose from.. battery life is as good ..and all at 15k is perfectly low priced than its siblings..and other phones. windows live tiles , good number of apps. . makes it good and user friendly phone than to its other competitors.. windows 8 is too good. this review is after using phone for 4days..
Great..!! Awesome phone..! This handset would be the reason for the come back of NOKIA to the field. This is to those who have fed up with android and its dirty useless apps...just try this handset..this is our trusted brand Nokia's own mobile enriched with windows 8.0...with lots of useful apps....think..useful only...! The touch screen is very sensitive and we can feel the difference from the Samsung and other dirty handsets...! NOKIA...GREAT..YOU HAVE DONE A VERY GOOD JOB...KEEP GOING...WE ARE WITH YOU...
About 5) For inserting cursor in any text box press for few seconds on empty portion of text box. A blue cursor will appear. Without lifting your finger put it to the text position you want. You can do search to find more about it As far is the phone is concerned its a very good value for money phone and other reviews have already covered the pros and cons.
Truly an awesome smartphone. I was looking for changing my Mobile Phone for quite some time, and when I saw it on flipkart, I couldn't resist to buy it. And after using it, I am delighted. If you are using touch screen smart phones, then Nokia Lumia 620 is a great buy. Thanks, Munjal
Though delivered a little late by the flipkart guys it was worth waiting A beautiful smartphone without any problems of either the os nor the phone just love the lumia would suggest to try this phone to everyone
the phone is really amazing. strong build, good battery, stunning looks and good support. but flip kart price are non-competitive. when I purchased it in rs. 15000/- it was available in rs.14500/-. but because of my negligence I bought it costly. great shipping.
it is pretty good product by nokia at htis price. it has alot of essential and good features. in my opinion users have two options nokia lumia 620 or samsung galaxy s advance because both have same price and both are ver y good phones but this phone is good in camera quality than s advance but s advance has super amoloed screen and 16 gb internal which is better than lumia 620 so both of these are very good phone at 15k. these are the best options in the market for anyone till now.
Good phone, if you are bored with Android or iOS. Apart from less number of apps in the store, there are some other things worth mentioning: 1. No easy way (as in Android or iOS) to switch on/off WiFi, bluetooth, etc. 2. No swype keyboard. Should manage with the default keyboard only. (That is also OK, not great as swype for andoid). 3. Confusing back button. 4. Camera: OK. And there are some great things that made me to buy this: 1. Nokia Drive 2. Nokia Music - free subscription for 1 year 3. XBOX games. :)
A few reasons why I love windows phones .... 1. They are sped fast and neve lag . The metro UI is fun to use , different from iOS or android 3. A unique facebook experience on windows phones . And the 620 rocks because its cheap . And one more best thing about 620 is that the full screen is used for the tiles unlike the lumia 900 or 820 which use only 3/4th of the screen . Don't worry about the resolution of screen , even if its less , windows phones look great with colors . And the call quality is amazing . Battery life is of a little concern , so not recommended for businessmen. The best phone under 15k for sure , better than many expensive android phones out here .
I feel this is a great device for its price and i am going to buy becuase of some good reviews 1. 5MP decent camera with flash and Front camera option 2. Phone looks sturdy and solid 3. Dual core Processor wih 512 MB ram. As per reviews from phonearena RAM is sufficient for performance WP8. 4. Good Pixel density. The only con i feel is lack of gorilla glass. But i heard that it is made of hardened glass. So think it is not much of an issue. The only alternative windows device against this is HTC 8s which i believe is not a good buy because it is overpriced and give you the same specification. One plus point with 8s is gorilla glass. But it does not have a front camera as well.
Pros: Super smooth (no lag) Amazing integration Nokia and Windows apps are amazing. They integrate seamlessly and are unparalleled. Very good screen/ Camera/ Audio quality A very stable OS. No hangs or crashes or bugs. Availability of office and skydrive is a huge bonus. Cons: Battery is not the best, but it is by no means worse than any android phone in this range. Whatsapp: Its an increasingly popular app, and while it is available, the interface is slow, horrible to use and full of bugs. Other third party apps: Jus like whatsapp, a lot of third party app developers are still struggling to develop apps for this OS. But they are all on their way for sure. I find new apps everyday. Verdict: If i had to do my phone shopping all over, I'd pick this over an android (definitely over a BB) everytime. True that apps are lesser as compared to android, but most of the imp. ones are present and new ones are being added every day. There is definitely enough to keep you entertained. And all that is there is seamlessly a part of the interface. Check out the "People" interface. Beautiful !! There is no dependence on 3rd party apps and this makes the OS so much more stable and a joy to use. I can't imagine any one wanting to go back from this.
1. New Experience (Windows OS) 2. Smooth Processing (No Lag) 3. Vibrant Screen 4. Trendy and Sturdy 'Nokia' Look...value for money unlike Samsung! And extra-ordinary service by Flipkart, delivered within 2 days.
The phone is really awesome with all its features and looks. If you have used it then there is no possibility of hating it. The camera quality is best and its thinner than compared to the pics. The Nokia lumia series will be in the lead soon... That's for sure.
I WAS VERY CONFUSSED IN TAKING A DECISSION , WHICH PHONE TO BUY UNDER 15K.. BUT AFTER GETTING THE AWESOME NOKIA LUMIA 620, I AM TOTALLY SATISFIED,, THIS PHONE IS FOR THEM WHO WANTS EVERYTHING AT AN EASE,, IT'S MORE SMOOTHER THAN BUTTER, THE TOUCH IS GOOD ,OS IS GOOD, AND MOSTLY I LIKED THE PREDOWNLOADED OFFLINE GPS WITH GLONASS .. NO NEED OF DATA IF U HAVE DOWNLOADED THE MAP OF UR STATE,OR ANY ZONE, IT'S MORE RELIABLE THAN GPS NAVIGATION OF OTHER PHONES & ALSO IT'S VERY FAST..
For the price of 15k this mobile is gud worthy compared to other android mobiles in market for 15k.Camera clarity is very good,touch interface is excellant and windows 8 OS also makes this mobile valuable
It's really best in class device in 15 k. I just bought it on day launched from Flipcart and found amazing. All spec. are there on many web pages even reviews are there with videos. This series of Nokia combined wid Microsoft will save Nokia. Till now satisfied upto my expectations. However, games like Temple run must be designed for Game lovers.. Battery is Vgood for this class phone. Touch is amazing and clarity(resolution) and playback is excellent. The Earphones given with the handset, not good coz its ear paining, Nokia could have offered good in ear set with same soufor quality. I recommend Nokia Lumia 620.. Thanks..
i am using this phone last 10 day and found, it's some importent update required as compare to other phone in this segment, need more some imprtent apps which use in daily basics. nokia map do't have 3D view, if you want to show map in 3D then open nokia drive. City lens working good and accurate after update 8.0.102...... but map not much batter as nokia belle. very disappointing when i know that flv not play in windows phone. need update for play more video formate. one more disappointing that you can not share videos over Bluetooth which you copy from your system, you can share only those video over Bluetooth or NFC which you captures from phone camera. overall experience of my phone is good, you can not get every thing within these price tag. but now i think window phone have future and fight with other OS. i am waiting for more update. thanks
at first, i regretted buying this phone cause it dint hav any good games and i dint hav most of the apps u could find on androids .........but......when i got used to this mob....i found many unique features like skydrive, the photosynth, etc....this made me feel unique....using a windows phone is uniqueness in itself and u dont waste ur time on games and useless apps!!! uniqueness at its best: 1) grand look- the look isn't photogenic but u buy and talk 2 me... 2) sound quality... 3) windows os 4) windows os man - thats all uniqueness u need !!!
Just dont think.... Buy it and u get to see the results urself ..... I already have Iphone 5 and have used Galaxy S3 as well ..... but Nokia Lumia series and this small beauty 620 charmed me as much as any of the other bigger smarTphones.... Always wished Nokia regained their Numero Uno status back and this shud be one of many more silver linings in their kitty ..... WELL DONE NOKIA with ur LUMIA 620
Hi, i brought this phone a month back, i just noticed some positives and negatives in the phone. Positives: 1. Very nice display for the price. 2. Clarity camera 3. fine HD video. 4. Very fast charging the battery. 5. Limited SAR. 6. Fine Offline maps. 7. Battery holds a days for limited use. 8. Headphone jacks comes in backcover, in case liquid goes inside to audio jack we can replace only the backcover instead of replacing the board. 9. Internal speaker sound is fine. 10. Touch sense is absolutely fine. 11. Some of the trial games are fine. Negatives: 1. The power button is centre, so that we cannot hold the phone properly in hand, while pressing the key. 2. While taking photos and videos with flash, image is not clear, it is whitish. 3. Dailer pad is not so good, its very hard to use. I won't show the people while dialing and the clear key is also on the top. 4. Unable to download song from internet. If you download a song, it will play in music player. 5. Search key is waste in the phone. Most of them are using google instead of bing. 6. Sharing the internet through the USB cable is not possible. 7. No shortcut for wifi, location, Bluetooth and so. 8. We cannot directly access the memory card. 9. Settings are very limited. No profiles, no taskbar, no task manger. 10. Most of the application in store are cost. Most of the free application are worst. 11. Headset doesn't have answer button and the sound quality also not so fine. 12. We cannot stop the rotation. There is no on/off buttons. Conclusion. It very hard to use the smartphone. Not quality software's. Better buy after, any updates come from windows. If you want to buy now itself. Don't do that, i think just buy a cow instead of buying this phone. It is helpful. If you already buy the phone then just proud to say, i am using windows phone. Nothing than that and that also no longer.
I love nokia's build quality, appreciate the nokia's committment towards building a classy phone, but windows8 sucks in providing more options. Windows UI is mindblowing, looks amazing but jus to delete 3 contacts you have to go and delete one by one which tests your patience if you already enjoyed android or ios functionalities then windows dissappoints you. Kudos to nokia, windows you look beautiful but grow up and give more options
My review was deleted from flipkart because someone copy/pasted my review on another popular mobile site... so here is my review again and i have edited a bit. I , like any other Indian waiting 3 long months for this mobile and was it worth it??? Lets find out.... PROS: 1. Decent Camera 2. Super smooth and sensitive touch comparable to any other high end phone in the market. 3. good resolution. 4. Audio and video recording is really good, top class. CONS: its a long list and most of the cons are WP8 centric...so here we go and i will be very honest..! 1. Muli Tasking is a complete joke on this phone. All the apps are suspended in the background i.e they are not working but just waiting . So if you are downloading a file and want to read a pdf doc simultaneously... dont expect this phone to keep downloading the file in the background while you read happily!! how annoying is dat?? 2. Installing apps is a real pain in the aSS... you have to log in to your hotmail id to install apps.. dat is fine but even if you hav saved the xps (installation file) on your micro Sd card.. you need to connect to your windows live account to install it..!! so basically you cannot install an app or game offline ever! 3. IE 10 cannot download an mp3 file ...it can only stream it!!! so there is no way for you to download any mp3 from your favourite music site...legal or illegal..! it cannot even save a mp3 if it has been attached to a mail in your inbox!! you cant download any other file format like avi, utube vdos , rar, etc "WoW"" ( download a browser called UC browser, it allows us to download mp3 files and save them in the music folder ) 4. You cannot rename your pics, you need to download "picture info" from the store to view file details like size, resolution, etc 5. cannot send video file by bluetooth... 7. whatsapp is there and installed but its still a reduced version of the android ... there are no smileys!! 8. Nokia music allows you to download latest bollywood songs for free(legal) wooowwww.... but that is a half truth.... the songs which are downloaded are compressed (a 5-6 mb song is compressed to 1.5 mb) and so the quality sucks..!! 9. There is no sign of a file manager. So basically you cannot view or know where all your files are on the phone. So if you recieve a file via bluetooth from a friend which is not a mp3 or a video.... those files get totally lost in sum mysterious place on your phone! they eat up space and u cant even search for them and delete them.! 10. You cannot edit any image on your phone.. there are apps available that can edit but u need to stay connected to the internet, upload your pics, edit them online and then download them again..!! (who has the time for such nonsense??) 11. Battery life is below par, as of now it gives me a backup for only a little more than 4 hours if i am always connected thru internet . And this figure does not include gaming, phone calls, etc.. These are some of the bugs that i can remember on the top of my head..!! I havent yet even tested the very famous multi touch issue..!! Dont get me wrong... i really want to like WP8 but believe me microsoft have screwed up big time.! i am not even blaming nokia for the mess!! This phone is Dumb.. even my old 6600 symbian phone dat i bought way back in 2006 was way smarter than this mobile. yes it did not have stereo sound, big fat RAM, 5 mp cam or a giant processor.... but it was smart. It ws intuitive and did not force me to do things a certain way..!! it never forced me to stay connected to install a simple app on my phone!! It had apps that allowed me to create playlists on my phone itself...(remember PowerMp3 ??) The point is.. if you are spending 15k on a phone... it should be worth it!! i cannot force anybody to not buy this phone but atleast i can warn people about what they are getting into. The review might sound harsh but those things have annoyed me.!! THANK YOU :)
Good mobile....Windows OS is refreshingly very cool and seamless...The touch is excellent. I found some silly issues in the mobile 1. Some times, when call is received, call picking options get disabled. I updated the OS and it still happened once. 2. Ringtones which are less than 10 seconds don't get recognized when copied into the Ringtones directory. I copied full songs and I could find them in the ringtones list. 3. I couldn't find 3G Video call. Looks like Video call is only available for Skype. 4. Not many apps available. 5. Navigation and maps are horrible. Didn't work properly on the straight road on Bangalore Outer Ring Road. Android stands tall and make sure you don't get lost.
I am using Nexus 4...My roommate bought this phone .. I played with the Mobile and OS for quiet time, My first impression is "WOW"... Pro's 1.The screen in Awesome and touch is awesome response is awesome like my Nexus 4. 2.Screen Readability under direct sunlight better than my nexus. 3.The mobile colors are simply amazing. 4.OS is Very fluid and lag less compared to my Moto Defy not better than nexus(defiantly mind blowing performance compared to other android mobiles in the same price range). 5.Awesome Build Quality, A typical nokia phone. 6.Depp integration of Social n/w sites into OS(FB,Twitter,Linkidin). 7.Fun to use some of the nokia value apps like City lens,Photosynth and more 8.The Cam Quality is Good, Don't expect from front cam very basic for video calling. 9.NFC(Mostly ignorable but considerable some people). Con's 1.Lack of Basic functionality features like Quick access for System Settings, Separate volume controls for media/ring/notification, WiFi Hotspot, Notification center, minimum customization and lot more 2.Lack of Apps\games(My suggestion is check for availability of what you use, then your answer is yes)
I do not say that this is the best phone but this is one such phone which you can definitely think of buying. Response of the phone comparatively may be low but you do not feel that with your naked eye. It does hangs sometimes but simple trick is just lock and unlock the phone. Windows platform is still evolving, you may find it difficult to search apps which you are specifically looking for, but considering it windows, some wait would help. Memory cars: I found it very difficult to insert memory card. Me and my friend tried for 15 mins and given up to not to break my new phone, i took it to service center, there also the guy tried for 5 mins and he was successful after that. Still i am worried to remove the card from that slot again. But once inserted, i don't think there should be case to remove it unless you want to insert another card. I am still confused on how to get contacts stored inside SIM. Confused on how to search for them. You can play only mp4 format video files. Still waiting for VLC to come up with player for WP8. Flipkart: No issues at all from flipkart. Flipkart rocks.
the company claims that the phone has a battery talk time of around 10hrs in 2g, but it goes dead after only 5hrs. camera quality is average. the nokia care executive i visited told that 5-6 hrs talktime is standard if you are using wattsapp ,mail etc. the phone hangs atleast 2-3 times in a day. vinod bhatia
I am Haridas Nerkar. My old mobile was damaged by my daughter. There was no option rather than buying new phone. In the current mobile market there are lots of things to lead confusion in mind “Which mobile to buy”. There are lots of options available too. To reduce confusion in my mind I have started filtering the options, let first decide which OS -Android, iOS or Windows. Then functionality/features I need and lastly budget I have. I dropped iOS because 1) I don’t want to play/download music from iTunes. 2) I have limited budget -15K Then I compare between Android vs Windows. Android became very reach in its apps. Also there are lots of option/brands available to buy mobile in Android. Like Samsung, LG, HTC….etc. After researching on Android and some feedback from my friends I found Android mobiles are battery eater. I don’t want to have mobile which needs to charge frequently. Between I saw the ad of Windows Phone. I found it very attacking. I wanted to have mobile which is able to do basics (like call, message, read/write emails, internet-3G) task effectively. Found that WP does BASIC tasks very efficiently. WP is not app-centric like Android or iOS. Between the Windows phone - Nokia lumia 620 was in my budget and it also has MS office installed in it so I decided to buy Nokia lumia 620 and ordered it from Flipkart. Now I am using this phone from last couple of months and wanted to write this review. I am Happy user of Nokia lumia. Below review is based on my 3 months hands of experience on Lumia 620. Things I like: 1. People’s hub: I could integrate all contacts from all my accounts (Facebook, Hotmail/Outlook, Google, LinkedIn, twitter etc.) into single place called people's hub. I have created groups like Family, Friends, and colleagues. I am able to get all updates from all set accounts (like Facebook wall/tweets etc) in single place. 2. Kid's Corner: Thankfully, with Kid’s Corner on my Nokia Lumia 620 such fears are now a thing of the past. Kid’s Corner creates a part of my Lumia that gives my doughter access to the games, apps, music and videos that I’ve already chosen for her. Everything else such as your Start screen, my apps and my data is out of bounds behind a password. With Kid’s Corner I can let my daughter play with my Lumia with complete peace of mind . 3. Live Tiles: I can pin your favorite web pages, videos, albums, documents, contacts etc. to my home screen for quick access. Only Windows Phone has Live Tiles, and only Windows Phone lets me pin what I love. 4. Office & Sky Drive: I can run Microsoft Office apps like PowerPoint, excel and Word. I start a Word doc or Excel spreadsheet on my computer, then sync it to SkyDrive as I head out the door. Then I can write or edit some more on my phone with Office Mobile. SkyDrive makes it a cinch to share docs and edit them with another person, too. 5. Wallet: It is convenient, password-protected place where I stored credit card info, club membership info and other secure info which is readily available to me in need. 6. Skype & Lync: I can make free Skype to Skype video and voice calls as well as send instant messages to friends and family around the world. Using Lync I am always connected to my colleagues. Microsoft Lync is running well on my phone. 6. Simplicity: I found this is really simple phone with great functionality.
This phone is brilliant. The clarity, ease of use, display quality, viewability in direct sunlight is terrific. The only issue is the battery which drains out in about 8 hrs of moderate usage. But for me that is not much of an issue. The real advantages of this phone is the features it has, and the technology it bundle. I would like to give it a 4.5 out of 5, but I'm settling for 4
With a 1 GHz dual-core SnapDragon S4 processor, 5 MP autofocus camera and a range of vibrant colours this is the best phone for the price, worth every penny. I am using this and the apps on this is so vast you name it you get it. I have always believed in Nokia and the way they design their phones is really great. Photo features on this phone are really amazing.
It’s been sometime since Nokia joined hands with Windows to come out with phones having the Windows OS. The first series of phones with Windows 7 and 7.5 didn’t do too well. There were issues of every kind and Nokia was slowly but surely moving towards disaster. Then came the Windows 8 series enabled phones beginning with Lumia 920 and 820. Lumia 920 has garnered great attention throughout the world with its specs and particularly the amazing camera it has. But the critics were still out saying that Nokia needed to come out with affordable Lumia’s for markets like India and China which are the fastest growing on the planet. Lumia 620 is the first in the range of the affordable Lumia handsets. So what all does it have? If you are not looking at the black colour, at first glance you would surely notice the colourful back cover. This is the first Lumia handset which comes with changeable back covers (Cyan, Lime Green, Black, White, Magenta, Yellow). The screen size is quite handy at 3.81 inches. It packs a 5MP primary camera and a 1.2 MP secondary camera. This camera is quite good for this price range (Rs 14,200) that is if you are not looking at Indian models like Micromax, Karbonn etc like me. It provides you all the features like Panorama, Face Detection, Multiple Shots, Auto Focus with touch etc. Now let’s talk about the Windows OS. Some people say that its new and many applications won’t work. There are some others who say that the number of apps in the Windows store is very low compared to Android. Yes the apps are less. But how many apps do people generally use? I personally believe that the number of apps is a huge myth. It’s more got to do with the fact that if everyone is buying an Android and people want to join the bandwagon. All the basic apps like messengers etc. are present in Windows. Each app on the Windows store is particularly checked and made secure. As indicated by technologists, Windows OS and iOS are currently the most secure platforms on mobile. There is no lag and almost a buttery like feel while using Windows. The ‘Live Tiles’ feature is quite awesome as one can customize it according to his / her requirements. Office 365 allows people to create their Word Documents or Powerpoint presentations on the go. The fact that Windows is so light compared to Android, the processor makes the usage even more smooth and simple. The other Nokia features like Nokia Drive, Cinemagraph, Nokia Music, City Lens all take the experience of this phone to the next level. Nokia Drive lets you download the whole map of a particular city ir country in the world letting you use it offline. Nokia City Lens helps you find the nearest restaurant, cinema, mall etc. even while you are offline through its compass feature. Nokia Music has got to be one of the best online stores for any kind of music. Let’s look at some of the cons which people talk about :- 1. One can’t send predownloaded files through Whatsapp – One needs to go to the files in pictures or other media (video), hold the button and click ‘Share on Whatsapp’ 2. Worst games – Yes most of the games are paid. If gaming is what you are looking for, this is not the phone for you. 3. Battery – Yes the battery is not that great. But tell me which phone at least at this range has a very great battery. Honestly if one uses Internet a lot, the battery does go down most often than not across phones. 4. Lack of good apps – Yes, Windows has lesser apps than Android. But one can still find the basic ones. And new ones are continuously coming as the platform evolves. 5. No MKV format supported – Windows Media Player doesn’t support the mkv format currently which could be a problem in watching videos 6. No File Manager – Honestly its not a problem for me in particular. 7. No FM – This would surely be covered in the next update. But honestly with Nokia Music and so many songs already on my phone, why would I need the FM? Windows OS has an amazing UI and with the Clearback Display of Lumia 620, this is a killer combination. I am of the opinion that the cons as are pointed out will slowly but surely be covered in the future updates of the OS. Go for this one for that exclusive feel! You won’t be disappointed..
yes i have jelly bean os galaxy ,blackberry and iphone.. fascinated by reviews and desire to try something new i reached for this mobile. the specs are good value for money, decent camera , nokias sturdy brand and fresh OS was simply irrestitable to let it go..I love tinkering with apps and every now and then try new apps.. strong points 1) fast OS no hanging ( but u will encounter them occasionally once a week) 2) Nokia music and podcasts are amazing. expands the possibility of the phone to whole new level. 3) people app instead of contacts is welcome and will clear the clutter. 4)the feel and finish of the phone is premium 5) the screen is very bright (one of the best) has sunlight readability 6) on bluetooth it reads the sms for you and you can reply in speech.. very nice while driving what screws is it... 1)to call some one is a pain. unlock phone - press phone- go down press contact book- press search button- type name- select name- press call mobile ( 7 steps to call the person , windows is crazy, i mean i had e71 and long press 2 would get to my home number in one sec.. OHH please u cant pin the whole directory to first page).. the basic function of phone is Painfull.. 2) drains battery - with 3g on, bluetooth on and all other like wifi, gps, nfc background apps off the phone lasts mere 8 hours. i have started using everything on sos basis. i switch on and off bluetooth, wifi and 3g atleast 20 times a day.. i mean who wants to take tension yaar 3g on rah gaya battery khatam ho jayega in life.. 3) it robs and doesnt tell you.. some shitty background goes on. my first month data bill was Rs 4565, i am on post paid and my 3g exceeded in like a week. DAT sense is useless. only way it works is like baniya you have switch on data and switch off data. android gives so much flexibilty here. 4) camera has a good delay of 2 secs, thats why they have shitty apps to catch perfect moment cos they know u have already lost it. quality in little sunlight or darkness is very very poor. may be does a good job in studio lighting. 5) try to save a number during call, u will be shitting bricks.. 6) cut paste function is very poor, after you paste it, it gets deleted and u have to go and copy it again to paste one more time. no clipboard is available (android i miss you so much) 7) file manager .. incredibly needed app. i dont know where my files are and i can t send or access them.. it s scary if u cant see ur phone files naked.. not even a basic file directory..( yes yes some genius will give it to me in some crazy update or i have to pay and do away with existing ones) for sake of brevity i am not touching - games , apps availability, phone security, True caller doesnt work and so many other mundane things i conclude .. that the assumption you will buy the phone and fee like maharaja is just a mirage.. u will be struggling with it and eventually accept is your fate
This phone is a little tricky to understand at first. But slowly after a lot of tussle over first few days you get to know all about it . If you have fast 3G internet all the time , then this phone is amazing. It comes with a lot of awesome quality apps. All quality apps are in windows store. Only temple run is still missing . But it will come soon for sure. You get to feel how hard microsoft and nokia are working to make their colaboration work. It feels luxurious to see that 2 great companies are trying their best to compete with dominating android and they bring you every new thing that android does not have !!
I bought Lumia 620 two weeks before and its quite satisfactory in display/resolution, sound and video quality except some features that i found missing which is probably needs an update from windows side: 1. Integrated video player is very disappointing, found no song search option, next/previous option on screen, we cannot rename any file, no full screen or multi touch zooming option. 2. We cannot select multiple file/songs to send over bluetooth. 3. You cannot download anything in background doing something else at the same time. you have to stay on the page. 4. Lack of free games in the market.
I recently bought a Nokia Lumia 620 from flipkart. This was the first time in Flipkart. I was really amazed by Flipkart service. @ Nokia Lumia - Amazing phone, cool touch, very user friendly. Loving the Nokia Lumia 620 :)
i bought the phone from other source.. the phone is jst rocking... gpu could have been sgx 544 :( overall nice phone to buy within 15k...........................................................................................................
Main thing about this mobile offline GPS navigation.We can use pre downloaded maps for navigation without any data usage.This mobile shows very accurately comparing other windows model.Display is awesome you cant expect this picture clarity even in high end mobiles. Really worth for money, what you have paid! Even its 512mb of ram but silky smooth performance without any lacks. 100% satisfaction with this mobile! Screen size is 4.8inch only! its fits perfectly in my hands and pocket, battery life is awesome stand by time is 2-3days. if heavy usage lasts for 1-1.5days. what else you need ? there is no FM radio in this mobile, but i dont care about it, because in FM always playing Ads, I am music lover, i dont like Ads then songs. Previously iam an Android lover, after seen this mobile from my friends, comparing android its light weight OS and very responsive more features then Android ! If you planning to buy, just go for it! Fell the difference ! Have a nice day!
Perfect smartphone which is Handy, rigid and cool. Haven't yet faced any Hanging or lag problem in this phone. Smooth touch screen and perfect. only problem is with camera. Camera is not as good as Samsung phone or i phone. Overall good in this price. Flipkart service also good.
Product is good except for the camera quality and the camera button on the panel. During night,the camera quality is not good.It's total dark with a spark of light if you use flash.The camera button was pretty loose.My friend's camera button on the panel,which he has been using for the past 1.5yrs, is better than my new piece. I'm totally disappointed with FK's selection of products from the sellers.No problem with the phone otherwise
good phone excellent working love this phone, thank you microsoft, when i purchased this i used 1 year hardly, but there is no software hanging or issues. very fast after 1 year no lagging. sorry for bad english
Got a gift for sister and just fantastic...worth it and you can upgrade the OS with latest ones as well...so just go ahead...
Good phone. fits in one hand. Easy to use. Lacks FM. Camera is also good ( 5MP). Good for buisness personnles.
Flip get stuck some time. Mobile get freeze regularly and need a restart to make it active. After enabling internet, my browser and other application shows, not connected to network and it dose required a restart Application get shutdown automatically and need to relaunch again After windows 8.1 migration it consume more battery power and my battery last for only ½ a day.
Good design, Front camera other than that nothing positive about this handset. 1. Worst Battery back up and with 3G its even worse... 2. Screen frozen now n then. I have to remove battery and switch it on again. Pls, try some other model in this budget like xperia series or moto G.....
Bought this mobile 7 months ago for 14000. Worked fast. Then updated to Amber, worked smoothly and really fast. Yesterday, updated to Black, guess what my 620 is now amazingly fast without any lags. I've found no issues with my mobile so far. I see people complaining about the OS and its memory problems. I have a 16 GB card inserted and I store all my music and videos in it. It is full but still there is no lag. Lumia 620 is a great experience. Display is awesome, can play 1080p videos as smooth as butter. 512 mb ram is great and it supports many games with ease. Voice clarity is good, display resolution is good, music clarity from the speaker is loud and fair enough, camera is FANTASTIC. It has everything that you want in a mobile. Just go for it!!
Good Phone. Flipkart service is also good and phone delivered on time.It's having a good camera and nice photo clarities. Cons: This phone does not have a FM ( I failed to understand how can such a basic feature is missing ) Overall rating is : 4 out of 5
Bought this when it got released as a early buyer as i cant afford the upper lumia models. But the later lower models have a better display which got released subsequently. 512 ram is a big minus. It has multi touch problems and hangs a lot of time. Yeah thumb rule of windows of restarting the phone makes it work again. Sound quality is ok but not great. If you are trying to buy it , i would recommend the lower models which is cheap and also hangs less.
Lumia 620 no doubt it is good and handy to carry also. To be honest present days im not using my LAPI coz LUMIA 620 slove my problem so no need to carry LAPTOP..Only problem battery back up.
Bought it 23rd dec 2013, clearly a Genuine guy.. Every specs r Performing very well.. First i got some probs with Battery health, then i got my solution.. Now everything is well n good.. Thanks to flipkart, i bought it at very low price..
Few points for Flipkart firstly. -Great customer service. -Lumia 620 was faulty and phone earspeaker was not working. Flipkart replaced my phone with a new one and that too very fast. About the phone - pretty ok performance. -No lag in UI but lags in apps like Facebook, Line, Whatsapp. Even if you are on Wifi, loading of contents is real slow. - Average fone. Ok for calls and messages. -Not recommended if you are heavy user of social apps.
Nice OS. Awesome processor. Doesn't hang anytime. Flow of phone is awesome. Display is good. Look and camara are good. Vibrant colors in display! Camera quality is good. Interface of the phone is unique like iPhone.
Been using this phone for some months now and all I can say is that I'm extremely satisfied. Its great value for money. The camera is very good, speakers are good for listening to music, size is not too big and not too small. But most importantly the build is great, typical Nokia, and the Windows Phone 8 interface is brilliant! I've used the iOSs and Android OSs, but there's nothing that comes close to the agility and the ease of use of the windows phone. Sure there are some technical issues with the OS, but the apps is certainly not one of them. I hear everyone saying that there aren't enough apps on the Windows Phone Store, but seriously go on it and see!! Everything I use, from Adobe Reader and Office, to Dictionary.com (better on WP8) and TED, from TuneIn radio (WP8 also has NokiaMix radio which is great and you can download unlimited songs in 256 kbps bit rate - everything I wanted was available - from the latest to the oldest, in all genres) to guitar tuners, and Mixology, myAirtel/myVodafone, TrueCaller, Skype, Whatsapp, Viber, etc. And all the Angry Birds, Gameloft and and running games are there! No shortage of apps, none whatsoever, and all virus free! Its by far my preferred OS! Brilliant device!
Very nice phone in the category around 12k. Though it has 512mb RAM, its better than any other phones even with 1gb ram below 15k. Being a previous android user, only disappointment is that there are very less games. But windows UI is very good.
If anybody has got bad experience from windows phone 7, I have one suggestion for them to check the new windows phone 8 at once. All the features that we want. Simple in use. And best of its kind. Better than Android.
I got this phone today.. Its really awesome phone. The display is marvelous. I liked the music a lot. Camera is awesome. Its really a worth buy. Thanks Flipkart..
It's a great budget phone, camera is a let down but definitely recommended. Don't go for white one! The white shell picks up any color it touches and the phone looses its new looks, pretty fast!
overall nice phone in a medium budget. pros: nice look and feel managing your things is very easy cons lesser apps than android phones upgradation to higher windows versions maybe an issue
Best buy in this range...there is some problem in that. You cannot send videos by bluethooh & there is no radio,but overall it's a great product.
one can get everything from this phone at a very reasonable price. there is only one problem and that is battery backup ... if you are using 3G it wont last even ten hours. except that phone is wonderful camera is great screen quality very nice looks great too
Got this for my dad and its been 6 months its in use. No complaints till now. Hardware is great, got dismantled couple of time after it has fallen on floor & road pretty roughly; put back all pieces back together and it had booted up fine. Battery lasts enough for a day or two use. Apps are fine, didn't explore much, skype, pdf reader I downloaded and few other basic apps came pre-installed. Overall happy with purchase. And flipkart service is as usual great !!! :)
The product, is one of the best in its price range and features, - Good Display - Great OS in terms of features and usage. Good apps now in marketplace. - Handy - NFC **: A feature generally available only in high end phones. Cons: - The missing feature is NO FM Radio. - Due to hardware restrictions, cannot have nokia's glance screen and few similar updates.
After booking i got it on the next day. Nokia Lumia 620 is a good phone, but comparing it with Android phone, it has some limitations like no file manager, and apps can only downloaded on phone memory, we can not transfer them to sd card. But overall im happy with the phone.
Nokia Lumia 620 is really good phone. User friendly screen and ease of access functionality. Good design and handy.
Hi, I really enjoy this phone. Specially its camera. Superb. :) Thank you Flipkart for giving this wonderful opportunity. :)
Product is not worth the hype and money. It has not even been 6 Months since I've been using it, its hangs often. Inbuilt mic in handset does not seem to function properly, so had to take it to service center often & the problem just seem to recur. Flipkart as usual did deliver it on time safe and well packed.
I Bought This Mobile 2 Months Before . After Using This Mobile U Will Not Use Android Mobile . It's Simply Awesome . With Smooth Touch , Camera , Skydrive , High Graphics Games Etc .
I got my order with correct specification and i am happy with their service. But they took 7-8 days to deliver my order.
Great experience of windows phone 8 better than any other OS and its really easy to use It doesn't hang and has Good power backup and camera and camera app are also amazing
UPDATE 1: Just thought I'd give everybody an update after using the Lumia 620 for a month. 1. The battery life has surprisingly improved! Now I don't know if I'm imagining this because from what I've heard, Li Ion batteries don't improve with charge cycles. It's still not good enough to last more than a day though. Even less, if you frequently use apps or play games on the phone. And don't even THINK about watching Youtube via 3G network if you don't have a power socket near you. Chances are, the battery will drain faster than the speed of light! Haha I'm just exaggerating. But make sure you don't watch videos via 3G for more than 2 hours. Unless you're ok with having less than 50% battery life while travelling. I personally think WiFi is a much better option as it doesn't drain the battery like 3G does. 2. A few of the apps like Youtube, CNN, Fresh Paint etc crash frequently. Even the built-in IE browser crashes when you visit certain websites that have a lot of content. But that might be because of my spectacularly slow 512 kbps broadband internet connection (WiFi enabled). Also, ever since I bought the phone, it has restarted automatically 3 times. But all of these issues occur only while using apps. The Windows Phone 8 OS as such, is extremely smooth with ZERO lag! And I must say the metro UI looks absolutely beautiful on the 620's ClearBlack display. It may not be as good as AMOLED displays but for this price range, its definitely great. The Lumia 520 lacks ClearBlack technology. 3. Camera quality is good. I say only good because ever since I used a DSLR camera, I can't imagine using anything else other than that for taking pictures! Don't get me wrong, the L620 takes really nice pictures compared to most smartphones in this price range. I just prefer the DSLR camera for those important moments! 4. The 512 MB RAM can be an issue if you're a gamer like me! Some games are only compatible with 1GB of RAM. And in the case of games that do work with 512 MB, it is highly possible that they reduced the graphics settings. Eg: Asphalt 8: Airborne is available for both memory capacities. But the 1GB RAM version looks much better with dynamic lighting and shadows, real-time reflections etc. Similar to what you would expect in PC games!! So that's it for now guys. I'll update this review in another month or so. And just so you know, I am really enjoying this phone! ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- ORIGINAL REVIEW: My first smartphone! The Windows OS is really smooth and I've not yet encountered ANY lag on my device. The display quality is spectacular!! (Thanks to Nokia's ClearBlack technology!) The battery life, although not bad compared to Android devices, could have been better. Watching HD movies, using WiFi or 3G continuously for more than 3 - 4 hours can easily drain the battery. But since I always recharge my phone everyday, it's not much of an issue. I'll give the Lumia 620 4/5 stars. Took a star off due to the meagre 1300 mAh battery. But everything else about the phone is fantastic!
Nice phone for the price.Far better in terms of performance compared to Samsung phones of same range.It has been 7 months I am using my phone.Till now no problems has been detected.I recommend all of you to buy this phone.
I purchased it as a discount offer for stan and chartered bank users,and I was happy with the product in that price bracket.It has all the specs of any phone in that range and was cheaper with the deal on flipkart.Go for it if are getting it around Rs 11000.Also,look for Lumia 720 if you have a better,bigger budget.
I have bought this phone for my mother, who is a first time smart phone user. I personally believe a windows phone is very much easy to learn and user friendly than android phones. These phones are much stable, much more nearer to being a phone than a computer About the phone, there is still nothing like robust and reliable built as Nokia phones. My mom dropped it from her hand on very second day of purchase and the phone sustained the fall pretty well. The shell type design of back cover gives strength to delicate screen area. The performance of the phone is pretty good for a mature user. All relevant apps like music, phone, facebook, whatsapp, mail, office & camera perform exceptionally well. No lag or hanging problem whatsoever. The battery is a tradeoff, Its really very poor but not a turn off, again for a mature user it gets along for the day. The biggest advantage is the nokia Music app, you have free downloads of thousands of songs over the air and that is the major reason I bought this phone ( and nokia 520 for dad) I purchased it at a very decent bargain of Rs 4400 of on exchange of 1 year old Nokia Asha 302 bought for 6k. Vedict: Nice phone but youngistan may not like it for poor battery. If you liked the review give a thumbs up.
As you are reading this means you already own 620 or going to. Better go for it if you will feel below reasons are valid. People are saying 620 is not better than 520. Obvious comparing to 720 also. Obvious even battery backup is also not good compare to those phones. Now a days we are charging daily, even a external charge can solve that issue. Even Microsoft also provides many solution how to save charge. Lumia 620 is still on top compare to other phones only because of Portability. A 4' or 4.3' mobile is never gonna consider to be as portable device. It is like carrying something big. If you will look into Apple they are always focusing on performance and portability, what is exists there.
New Revolutionary mobile with the Stylish Windows 8 OS. If you have any plans to buy mobile with the more Style as well as Non-Android, then go for Nokia Lumia mobiles. Don't bother about the Apps, in future more apps will be available rather than the Android. I bought Nokia after reviewing all mobiles in the market. My choice made me chill and happy while handling it for first time. Its very compatible in the hand and even user friendly and enough regular apps like whatsapp, Facebook, wechat etc., As of now I never faced hanging problem. My review which made me to go for one more Nokia lumia to gift it for my brother. A small suggestion for buyers, Please review the mobile features, if it meets your requirement, then go for it...... :-)
The windows phone has some limitations in basic features. But overall good. Microsoft have to overcome these limitations in near future. If the limitations had been resolved, then it would be best phone in the market.
first of all my experience with flipkart.very excellent in time e-commerce delivery portal. Nokia Lumia 620: positives looking smart. no need to discuss about specifications. it is enough daily usage of phone.
Hi, The phone is simply superb. Battery backup in not so good. I tried with 2G and 3G. Experience with 3G is really good. I recommend this product.
VERDICT - Perfect to basic users(my wife just loves it) who dont search for apps and who arent into gaming. Dont expect an Android experience. Advantages: 1) All information at a glance in the main screen. 2) Colourfulllllllllllllllllllllll and wonderful built quality..... 3) Best music store. And you get to download for free. No piracy here. You get to own authentic songs. 4) Screen has deep blacks which is soooooo nice. Unlike any other phone for this price band. Cons : 1) Hey, the fact first - this is a Windows phone. So dont expect apps at all. You'll rarely find what you want. There are so little of them. 2) Games - Zero. Almost that. Even angry birds is paid. Anything else, you wont find them and if you do, they are so badly made. 3) A lot of issues with Win8 os itself. a) The music player has a bug with volume control. b) No file explorer. So forget it if you want to find some files from within the phone. c) There is no way to close all the background apps. You need to keep pressing the back button over and over again. d) Cannot close the internet explorer by the back button normally. Searched a lot to find it though. Close the tab by going into settings and close the tab. Phew..... e) The internet enabling is a bit tricky if it drops connection. f) No easy changing of settings (like gps/2g/wifi) like you have in iPhone and Android.
hi ppl.. lumia 620.. been using it for half a year.. windows phone 8 os is good and performing well... the buttons are quite good, and they are well positioned and shaped... .the five mp camera and front cam are good for low light photography, and skype calling... the user interface is very fluid and convincing. the app store still lacks an app-locker which is necessary for many... the music hub is good, but it is artist-centric; while in india it is usually album oriented.. if u have a good windows 8 pc go for this phone... the integration is quite awesome.. the phone s very compact and never slips.. the touch screen is also not bad... NOKIA MUSIC! I LOVE IT! so, it is worth the money... business users, professionals should go for this one,... and for, those who like to spend a lot of time with their phone, have a second thought... because, androids are more customizable.... the compromises are: 1. app store 2. app locker
This review thread has a lot of useless comments from non certified buyers. Beware of cheap reviews and false ratings. Coming to my verdict : Most mid range android phones looks either cheap or has a pathetically poor battery or a terrible customer service. Even the Samsung Galaxy Core's built isnt impressive. Lumia 620, a WP 8 has tons of decent apps, it's mail integration is awesome and the clean black screen is a huge plus point. The battery is quite decent and can hold on for more than one day with a judicious use. Camera a 5 Mp performs quite well outdoor but there is a clarity drop as expected for indoor shots. Verdict : A decent buy for 12 K. Has more than necessary apps, has quite a sturdy built and has an impressive battery. Just get a good earplug. Cheers xD
I was one of the first few on Flipkart to pre-book Lumia 620. As usual the service was excellent, I received the phone within 2 days of launch.Received on 11 March 2013. After almost 8 months of usage, I can well confirm that my decision was correct. This is one of the best phones in this price bracket. Use a windows phone, you will never go back to any other OS. The OS is so efficient that you will never feel any lag during even heavy multi tasking. Now that I have got the recent Amber upgrade, the phone has become even smoother. I have the Glance Screen too.... Battery lasts almost a day (9.00 am - 11.00 pm) with moderate usage of calls, internet, mails.... with WiFi and Bluetooth On and Tap-To-Send OFF...... Go for it and you will never repent on your decision..
i have exchanged this phone with Lumia 610.. and really i can say, windows mobiles has been developed much extent then what they were at the earlier ones.. i have satisfied with advanced features what they have did but i m very disappointed when i came to know in 3g, FRONT camera is not wroking in windows phone :(.. we can make videos calles via Skype and all. But via network directly its not supporting.. Other than Everything is ok..
I bought this phone from flipkart and have been using it for almost 2 months. I am quite happy with the purchase of it. I am not fond of playing games. I used an android mobile before buying this. I feel, windows os is much better for me. The only let down which i felt is the battery, 1300 mah, which is quite low. I tried DEJI BL-4J, 1800mah on this (costs anything between 500 to 800 rupees). That easily lasts for a day on a moderate to heavy usage now. If you have little more budget, I suggest Lumia 720.
i dont like the camera of Lumia 620. The quality of images is worst. It is blurr. Please don't go for this if u want a good camera.
when u reduce the volume while listening to music, the ringer volume also gets reduced. drop the phone in your bag after that and u dont hear it ring. phone restarts very frequently phone gets frozen with a lightning symbol and a gear on the screen. Had to google how to restart the phone. Finally bought a new phone.
HERES mY REVIEW: all in all This phone is a bliss ... 1.touch is awesome, no complaints .. 2.Gorilla glass lens .. mast pictures aati hai , with a front camera .. 3.Battery din bhar lage rene pe shaam tak chal jati h .. i watched 2 muvees back to back still 33 percent battery left , so battery is quite like any other smartphone 4. it comes with a sensor which detects sunlight, so that when u r in sunlight, it'll get brighter automatically, good feature realy gud, this sensor also detects when u hold the cell closer to ear, it switches te light off .. Sunlight Readability .. 5. Windows 8 platform means NO LAG , whatsoever very responsive. najar na lagey kisi ki 6. the PEOPLE section let u know all the details about any contact at one place, be it their FB acct, Linked-In or twitter or anything.. al in one place 7. the photos section synces all the pics from all of the accounts in ur photos album .. so u dun need to check FB to see what anyone has uploaded .. they are ryt in UR WP8 ,,, 8. HERE maps and HERE CITY LENS are in no way lesser than GMaps.. in fact HERE CITY LENS will give u eveyything around u .. 9. IE10 .. realy real;y fast .. real;y fast no complaints about Opera Mini not being on Store.... 10. The tiles are updated in realtime.. u wont miss any detail .. 11. All the required apps are realy AVAILABLE .. Only gamers may feel a little left .. 12. 8 GB internal memory, 5 GB usable .. plus SD card Bluetooth support is therev.. HOWEWER U CANT SEND SONGS ON BLUETOOTH, A DISAPPOINTMENT BUT SO FAR ONLY ONE 13. Glance feature is pretty usable at night time .. ............. At last i will say .. u got to use it to believe HOW AWESOME IT IS ... There are fewer apps than Android ... that may be a problem .. but all the required apps are present .. So if u are app-CENTRIC .. mat lo Lumia .. Par if u want to Experiance an awesome phunwa .. get LUMIA P.S. IT HAS HINDI AUTOCORRECT TOO hahah
I bought nokia 620 around 5 months ago.. Initially speaking I had done a lot of searching for a phone in this range... And i chose for lumia620.. So my initial experience was superb.. Initial Pros *A smooth and catchy interface. *Quality apps like Nokia Drive,Music,Maps,etc *Great Camera *Excellent design, feels great in hand Initial cons *Lack of popular games Then i used it for about 5 months and realized some major cons *Whatsapp is available but not like android phone-YOU CANNOT SEND VIDEOS AND MUSIC STORED IN INTERNAL MEMORY(sd card) *Nokia Music subscription was over *Camera went a little wacky-Could not take pics perfectly(blurred at some places) *Most of games and apps were paid *Bit of laggy (but not much as android phones do) *No file manager But now the pros after 5 months usage *I can brag that i have a lumia- apple iphone 5c copies lumia 620 *Great utility phone *Checking notifications is superbly easy just slide down and check *Video recording is great *Simplicity is awesome *Sturdy body- not like that of samsung which rips apart even if i throw it on my fluffy bed In the end i want to conclude that NOKIA LUMIA 620 was a great buy.... Go for it, only if u want to buy a phone, a real phone cause if u want to pay games,buy a ps3 man... Use it and u will never touch android...
Best phone by nokia after long time. Don't think before buying it. Pros: Good battery life, camera, offline navigation, enough internal memory, nice speech recognition feature. Cons: It hangs sometimes when u get a call. You won't be able to pickup the phone until u lock and then unlock it once.
Yes windows 8, just go for it. I have used Android and IOS before this, the first thing i would like to appreciate in this is its butter smooth touch and believe me, you cant say 1080p screen is always best, Even with this 480 x 800 it is very crisp. Little concern over the battery but other thing rules out.
I've been using this phone for about 5 months now. And it is the best phone u'll find under 15k. Go for this phone if u r new into smartphones. And don't if u r a fan of customization and into games. On the other hand if u want clean and neat interface without any lag , go for it without any hesitation. If u want more.... save some more cash and buy a android phone above 20k.... Coz any android phone below 20k is not worth it and any windows phone above 20k isn't worth buying.....
Have been using the Lumia 620 for few weeks now. Initially battery life was less but lot better after few cycles of charging and keeping it in battery saver mode along with keeping location and data connections off till there's a need to use any of them. Smaller size is easy on the hand and to keep in one's pocket. The Nokia maps and navigation software included for free are too good to use, found them to be highly accurate. Waiting for the Lumia Amber update to the software which will make this phone even better to use.
Hi Lumia 620 is the best choice among the smart phones and Windows 8 is simply superb. Yesterday I bought this phone is simply Awesome. I used HTC ONE X before this, still I was very much satisfied with the features and specs. You already read the +ve reviews. Go for it
I always used low budget phones, though my family members used high range phones. But after being determinded of buying a smartphone for myself I studied for reviews from internet, almost all blogs, asked friends and after seven days I bought Nokia Lumia 620. guys there is no use writing the features here , but my one line statement is enough to buy the same. Enjoy!!!
Except FM all the features are really good, never regretted of buying windows phone over android phones. Dont just go for the freebies in android OS, just think about the phone usability, then for sure windows phones are the best option.
Advantages Smooth touch removable battery front and back camera loudspeaker Good display integrate contacts with facebook/gmail/etc ms office full value for money NFC Minus(though not that of devise) not enough games. No FM
Games, music store , buttery touch ,so much apps camera like a digital cam,,so many things ,, Android is noithig in compare to lumia..Guys go 4 it.. A bad thing in this is the "headfones" are of very cheap quality. Nokia should take care of this ,, even u can't insert easily in your ears.. Rest all is good.
Have had this phone for 4 months now. Love the phone! It rarely hangs and the OS is smooth and easy to use. Was having problems with battery life initially. I figued out that by switching off the location tracker and the data connection when I do not need it, I can get more than 48 hours of battery life with normal use. You can also switch on the battery saver so that the applications do not automatically update. I have had one major problem with the phone - I cracked the screen last month when I kept the phone in the same pocket as my keys. The Nokia Care Centre said it would cost around Rs 5000 to fix the screen. I was ready to pay for it, but the parts are still not available. Hoping to get it fixed soon. I suggest you buy a full body cover for the phone before you start using it.
It is a nice phone. Shorter bezel allowed practical sized screen in a smaller body. Excellent screen for using it in sunlight and video. Excellent sound quality for call & music with sound cancelling mike built in. Processor, ram, built in memory more than enough for several useful applications (Games are memory eater) and few selected games. Very responsive operating system. Didn't like the square tiles but it works fine. GPS works amazingly fast compared to Lumia 710. Unlimited Music download from Nokia comes free with this model. Camera is fine for a mobile camera but don't expect to be like iPhone 4S/5. Panorama works really well. App store may not have millions app but Nokia and Microsoft together supplied many useful applications. Write a note or a list along with a picture in One Note which you can get and edit in Windows, Mac (web app) and iPad/iPhone/iPod Touch. Office works fine as long as you don't push it with large complicated file- it is a phone. Goole map with overlay works best but downloaded Nokia map for my state works without the net connection. Test yourself apps: Effectual, BookMyShow, HD Scanner (pay), Acrobat reader, Times of India, City lens, make my trip (web), live train update - if you need more functionality then probably you need to carry a iPad or Laptop. Battery: switch off backup, data(2g/3g), wifi, bluetooth, location and switch on battery saver. Switch on these function when needed by keeping setting icon on the start screen. With occasional web, gps it will last two days. Only phone call and camera last three -four day. First few times the battery need to be fully charged and discharged. After few the battery will be in full capacity. Try to download music, app through wifi if you have access. Overall: Excellent phone for a regular guy. For those who want to try too many things and tinkering should plug-it in power plug and tinker or get a android (and destroy it by rooting-:D)
I have been using this phone now for more than 3 months and I found it to be a very good phone. The best part is that WP8 store has all the apps that I use. The battery could have been a bit better, however when I fully charge it, It takes a day and a half to get drain with my moderate uses. Overall a nice windows phone.
I bought Lumia 620 from flipkart 4 months back. It is my first smart phone. Im 100% satisfied with the performance and looks. Its a very good choice, I fully recommend you to choose Nokia and Windows mobile
This phone has excellent features like screen responsiveness, clarity, good camera. In fact it is better than most android phones. However, what good is a phone that needs to be charged every 8 hrs! Its frustrating.
I bought this mobile from market at price of 12500 only & this is great phone.Great features at this price.Sure, I can make even bigger list guys, but my point is simple, After u use WP for a month or two, it’s hard to go back to app-centric Android. At this price, no android device can play any high end game anyway apart from normal games, forget the rich UX and functionality of WP. Many restrictions of WP7.x are removed in WP8. It supports drag and drop, no need of Zune or Windows Phone app (it’s optional). BT file sharing is built in and works flawlessly with any other device. Kernel is changed to Windows NT so that apps are easy to port from Windows 8 and RT. Unity engine is supported for gaming so games are easy to port from Android and iOS. Expect many new apps and games in coming days to WP8 due to these core changes. Expandable memory is added. Dual band WiFi is available on all WP8 Lumia phones. Only other devices having it are iPhone 5, iPad 4 , Galaxy S3 , Note 2 and iPod Touch 5th gen. Every other phone has 2.4 Ghz WiFi which is slower than 5 Ghz band.
The Lumia series of smartphones from Nokia has set the competition straight by introducing some mind-boggling features. Considering this, it was inevitable that I would opt for a Nokia Lumia. I chose the Lumia 620 as it was right in my budget and has just the right set of features. Designed to last and to impress, my Lumia 620 came in a hard plastic over that looks bright and vibrant in its yellow colour. The colour and finish is such a refreshing break away from the stereotypes in the market. I have even bought a few interchangeable back covers to suit my mood and tastes. Compact in size, it resides easily in my pocket and is handy too. The 3.8-inch capacitive touchscreen display of my Lumia 620 offers a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels that provides unmatched clarity and a great viewing experience. With ClearBlack technology, high contrasts are guaranteed which allows me to enjoy movies and videos. Enhanced readability under direct sunlight ensures that I do not have to shade the phone with my hand, every time I get a message or am browsing the web. The front of my Nokia Lumia 620 features a centrally located earpiece and a front-facing VGA camera. At the back of my Nokia smartphone, is a powerful 5 MP shooter with a Carl Zeiss Tessar Lens. Nokia has spared no expense in designing this camera so that I can enjoy high-quality imaging and HD video recording. With autofocus capabilities and a slew of digital lenses, my photos come out just perfect. The SmartShoot digital lens clicks multiple snaps of a subject and then allows me to modify bits and pieces of the image to create the perfect snap. This means I do not have to wait for everyone to get in line and give perfect expressions when composing a group shot. With Cinemagraph, I can animate still images to give funny expressions to the subjects in the photo, a feature that has my friends in splits and earns me many likes and comments on social networks. With SNS integration and Live tiles, all my social networking updates are directly available on my home screen and I do not need to navigate deep into the profiles of my pals. Using PeopleHub, I can tag all my frequent contacts to the home screen and enjoy dynamic status updates. All this is possible due to the integrated Windows 8 operating platform. Powered by a 1 GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 Processor and 512 MB RAM, my Lumia 620 zips through all my daily tasks with exceptional ease. There is literally no hang time or delay between switching applications or even when playing HD games. The battery backup of my phone is great too, so I do not need to find a charging point frequently. The 8 GB of onboard memory and 7 GB of additional SkyDrive storage let me store all my data safely within reach. Nokia Music Store and Nokia Mix Radio let me enjoy my favourite tunes on the go. All in all, I love my Nokia Lumia 620.
Good one in this price except for weak battery. Have a Windows Live account ready before purchase. Its your door to Win8 phone Pros: Awesome display Fast response Really good touch screen Good processing speed. 512 RAM is sufficient Built in Office 10, IE, Bing Superior design, compact size, Good camera with HD recording Windows file manager in connecting with P?C Cons: Weak battery. Expected better from Nokia Limited backup feature for contacts, messages, settings etc. (No offline backup) No backup for contacts except in your Windows Live account. No temple run as 1GB RAM required for TR Win8 version.
It's the hottest phone on the market for quite sometimes. infact i like everything about this phone it's style, color, design, camera, looks - everything. nokia always comes up with great phone and this is one.
I really like this phone. Of all the phones I have used till date this one most lucky phone. Although the battery power is said to be bit low, you can still run it throughout the day no matter how much you use it. Way better than any android!!!!. However I wish if this phone comes with a dual sim option.
This is absolutely a smart phone. With stunning looks perfect screen and nice camera it's already a killer phone. Off all the lumias people tend to buy this model the most either because it's price is affordable or because of it's looks. however I loke 720 equally. It's more powerfully packed.
After being in a dilemma for the past few months, I finally decided to buy Nokia Lumia 620 a week ago and trust me, this is one of the best decisions I have taken when it comes to technology. The vibrant colours Nokia offers, makes my Lumia 620 stand out in the league of stylish phones. The front side of my Lumia 620 has a 3.8-inch capacitive LCD Clearblack Display with a WVGA resolution of 480 x 800 pixels which gives my phone a smart and sleek look and the compactness lets me handle it with ease. I can keep all my files and documents in my phone now with an 8 GB backup along with 7 GB SkyDrive space it provides. Nothing could have awed me more than the amazing picture quality captured by the 5 MP camera with the SmartShoot feature which lets me select the best snap out of a number of snaps. The Cinemagraph feature lets me animate a still image which is an awesome experience. My Lumia 620 also has a front facing VGA camera. Also, my phone comes with a 1,300mAh battery, claiming up to 15 hours of talk time (2G) and many hours of music playback.
A great product and welcome experience of Windows 8 on mobile. Finally Microsoft learned from Apple and focused on UI for better experience. Overall a best buy in this price range. Initially faced some issues with its Touch, Flipkart replaced the product and now its working fine. Not to mention great service by Flipkart (over phone as well as online). Thanks
PROS: -Nice Camera -Smooth Touch -Strongly built -Cool design -Gr8 E-mail sync -Nokia offers -Processor is gr8, RAM good -Clear sound -Microsoft checks all apps before putting in market. CONS: -Wi-fi connection problems occur often. -Very few apps. -Poor games. -You have to regularly update apps, or UI hangs. -Difficult to understand O/S -Google maps are better. OVERALL: Buy only if you have patience to wait for new apps,and bug fixes from M.S.
The phone is just awesome oth hardware and software having 3.81 inch screen makes writing a test little bit messy but its fixed with the onboard word suggestion. phone only lags for whats app and music and video player there's a problem[glitch] in music player that you cant resume your last played music. 14k price this is the best deal for the photography i mean photos are awesome brilliant and after adding lenses{camera apps} to your camera your phone will click that pics that you cant imagine. the store having less apps as compared to android but they are wortheir app than android.the biggest cons is the battery backup less than 12hrs in 3g.otherwise this is the best deal.
After 40 days of heavy usage and one replacement by flipkart my review stands to the following points Pros: 1. 3.8 inch screen with resolution gives an amazing display feel and sits comfortably in your hand. (I cannot handle a galaxy s3 comfortably). 2. Windows Phone 8 OS is not just great. It is amazing at the way it handles all tasks especially integrating social networks. 3. At that cost, no phone in the market is "future-proof". A good camera, NFC and an OS whose longterm support is promised. 4. Build: Unlike other phones, the build feels premium. I own a black matte finish and it has perfect balance of matte finish and polished keys. 4. ClearBack display: I even had a s3 owner say "s**t i can read your screen under direct sun". If you are always out in sun and I suppose we use maps only when we are moving, clearback is a must. 5. Summing up other things. Popular apps are already there. And their interface is well integrated into OS so that you wont feel the difference between switching apps. Every app, same gestures. Nokia specific apps are great. And lenses, they are amazing even for a rare-clicker like me. Infact after this phone, I started clicking away Cons 1. Battery: The phone cannot crawl through half a day upon continuous 3g with moderate to heavy mailing and 30-40 min call. On my average day it just pulled through the day. 2. Apps: Well, yes. I paid for few apps which I could find for free for Android. But app store still is dragging behind Android and iOS. 3. Heating problem: Upon on long calls (1-1.4 hr ) or after a gaming session, I find the phone heated up. Comparisons: People are complaining about a missing file manager in phone. I am not in favour of it because the phone should know where to put your files. And also os needs substantial resources in maintaining a file manager. I prefer to tap on Music to find my Music or Photos to see my photos rather than go to /mnt/sdcard/folder1/folder2 etc etc. If ever you feel you need to rearrange, plugin into a windows pc and drag-drop Verdict: If you want a switch from Android and care more about the simplicity of task management rather than app-for this- app- for that model, Windows Phone is a must. Nokia or HTC is at the end user decision. But Nokia-specific apps are great utilities.
just use once for hour, then forget about ANDROID... windows phone 8 means richest OS Bcoz of Bill Gates.... who says that apps for Windows are less, ya its less in no. then android but all important and well running app are here in windows... if u are planning to buy any phone then just use once LUMIA ,then you would be WP8 addicted. and no need of reading specification because no one can beat 620 below Rs. 20000 mindblowing -Display -Touch -Camera -All apps at last if your budget is 18000 then Lumia 720 is the father of 620 or else LUMIA 620 RoCks!!!!!!!
My review is as follows: PROS: 1. Phone looks beautiful and WP8 looks even better. 2. Battery life is decent. Lasts roughly 20 hrs with Data on for nearly 13 hrs (switch it off at night). 3. Call quality and sound quality is good. 4. Internet browsing is fast. 5. Phone does not lag even while playing games 6. Very good camera apps available for those who are interested in photography (Lomogram, Camera 360, Smart Shoot, Cinemagraph, etc.) CONS: 1. Not as many apps as Android or iOS. MS needs to do something to get developers interested. 2. At just 3-4k more, Lumia 720 sounds a better proposition. 3. 512 MB RAM means games like Temple Run not available - thats ok with me since I am not too much of a gamer - but for many it matters. 4. Camera Flash is too bright resulting in bright patches in photos. I get around by using Nokia Smartshoot. I have heard this has been fixed with the Nokia update, but yet to test it. 5. NO FM RADIO hardware support..... All Lumia phones have the hardware for it except 620. Even 520 (Basically it means that after the GDR2 phone update from WP8, FM radio will be enabled for all Lumias EXCEPT 620) - what the hell was Nokia thinking????? A good mid-level phone if you are not a heavy user like me (internet browsing, news, few games). But if you can just stretch your budget a bit, probably 720 might make more sense.
using from 40 days n tested each and every feature it posses, i feel like im eligible to write a review. u gonna feel bad for windows store at start but you will find every useful app in the store. all you need is a little patience in finding them. some popular apps are not up to the mark in wp8. whatsapp and viber and facebook are some of them.still u can find alternatives for them. NO temple run .. people are yelling this . still have some cool games and addictive ones . xbox is a boost for this wp8. Plus of this phone is even after having 26 apps installed and of them running in back ground there will 350 mb of ram free and apps works smooth . i am a heavy user so multi-tasking of me some times hangs the phone .. happened 2 times. lock screen swipe has some problems when on multitasking battery of this phone is okay . 1300 mah is not good for this phone but gives a back up of around 6 hours of heavy usage 14 hours of normal usage and yeah 200 + hours with 40 minutes of 2g calling. 720 n 520 batteries are better . on wifi,gprs,bluetooth,wifisharing,nfc and apps running in back ground it will be for 6 hours max . better than un rooted android phone which only lasts 4 hours with me . read some of the reviews and yeah it has no file manger,cant share music n videos .. hope for a update on this from wp8. unless this platform opens up wp8 users gonna have some tough time. camera working fine after the update and guys just see your internal storage you ll be screwed by the evergrowing data under others which u cant do anything and it will eat your space .wp8 accepts it as a problem and working on it . some useful and must have app in wp8 : wechat,battery+,raaga,skype,system view,blink,camera360,dairybuddy,easyconnect,getthemall,home remedies, indian rail,imdb,pc remote,rap dialer,shrink storagetouch develop an many more finally this phone will make you upset if you expect everything a android platform offers but a very good phone and with very good design and if you wanna be different from others go for it a best buy at this price . some more bucks go for 720. i bet you everyone will ask to see your phone unlike other android phones common every where. hope for some updates .
I got my phone on the 2nd day of ordering. Delivery is very good. and the mobile is also very good and liked it very much. Only the problm is the number of apps and games but thats not a big issue and will solved with the time. and one prblm is i not found how to share music and videos via bluetooth
Lumia 620 is superb...... Its really amazing with no lagging.......windows 8 OS is great. Only drawback one can say here is d less number of apps, but hey dey r coming and we will have soon d best apps.
I regret not buying from flipkart. They are selling for less plus you get a memory card as well. Anyways here are pros and cons: Pros: 1)Really smooth functioning without any lag 2)Awesome nokia apps like nokia music and here maps with offline nav( ps the size of whole map of delhi is just 70 mb) 3)Nice interface with live tiles ( of course cuz its windows) and ease of use ( I already have sony live with walkman and 2 other mid range androids and trust me wp8 is a lot more simple) 4)Amazing apps ( You get full range of apps once you set location to usa, not india) Cons : 1) No FM ( Although Nokia music makes up for it. Still it could have been better if Fm was there) 2) Camera. Yes indoor pics are too bright and over exposed even on auto flash. You have to switch off flash everytime before taking indoor pics. However outdoor pics are pretty nice so is the video. And yeah some lenses including cinematograph are pretty cool allowing to shoot animated pics. 3) Ram : Only 512 mb. That means some apps are not available. Overall for those pissed with android and having no real choice, this is the best buy. My rating : 4/5
The phone is amazing. Something different from the usual Droids out there. The battery sucks, just 1300mah. Great UI, doesnt have an explorer for drives though. Display is quite good. Overall a satisfactory phone. It was delivered the next day after placing the order. Good job on that.
i bought this phone, not from flipkart though, about a month ago. its awesome in every respect. the feel, build quality, design... the display is specially clear and crisp and the camera is very smooth and has amazing clarity. touch response very smooth for a capacitive touch in this price category. the operating system on the whole is very smooth. kudos to WP8. the phone is fast, smooth and doesnt hang, even with all the complex transition animations of WP8 (which i believe to be the best as compared to other OS'es) the buttons on the right side make it very easy to use with one hand. the size of the phone is very well suited for use by almost anyone with one hand. the 620 gives really good wifi speeds due to its dual band wifi capability, which is extremely rare or non existent in this category. the rear camera is very clear, even in darkness. picture detail is very well picked up, considering its a 5mp camera. front camera is possibly best in class, or at least one of the best. the 1ghz dual processor really makes a mark and its presence is duly noted. the phones performance is very good. apps do not hang, very very rarely crash, if at all. given its configuration, it can support heavy apps better than android phones of a similar capacity. all in all its a great package, and an OS which truly is different from the lot. if anyone is looking for a break from android or iOS or dont want an app dependant OS, they should consider Windows phone. and if this id the budget, then i'd say its a must buy. but, the one chink in its armor, and a pretty major one that too, is its battery life. its very bad. conservative usage provides half-day lasting of the battery. if used with maximum features on, it gives 8-9 hours. this is why i give it a 4/5. else it would have been a sure-shot 5/5.
I've been in doubt of buying other phones in this range that power packs much more features than lumia 620. At last on a blind guess i purrchased the 620 and now I say that was the best ever choice i've made in buying phones. Being an active android user I can clearly state that Windows phones are THE next gen phones. If ur planing and in doubt,never think back. Go for it. The UX of windows phones can never be matched by any other droids (maybe at higher rates of 25+ and other maestros like i-Phones) of this range. The only drawback that I find is the cam quality which is a bit lower than phones of this range. Leave back that point LUMIA 620 rocks all others of ther range 10k-20k.(even its brother 720)
Hi, I purchased this phone last week from market, Earlier i was little scared about windows phone.Because i was always using android phone. But after getting this Windows 8 Phone. I can say only one this....This one is awesome in this range. Pro... 1. Graphics and display better than apple and Samsung. 2. U can enjoy Ur phone in bright sun light also . 3. Never hang 4. Facebook,Twitter,whatsapp, and all other social networking sites works brilliantly great. 5. Display,looks are better than any phone. 6. Perfect pocket and hand phone. 7. You can't find a phone in this range. 8. Must buy cons.. Only Application are less in windows phone But i am not so keen for application, So i am so happy and thankful to Nokia for this my Lumia 620.....
it'a a very beautiful and cute phone ... I wanted to buy from my local priority dealer but they did not had cyan color at that time... so i ordered via flipkart .... really no lag, and super super fast phone :D ... browsing is also super smooth .. a must buy phone ..
Lumia 620 Is the best phone under this rate! U can send via bluetoothh 2 ny phone nd has best battery back up compared 2 android phones! To tell u d fact , Thz phone would feel nt tat soo gud or nt gud at all if u dn't know hw 2 use it! Few ppl found Lumia nt USER FRIENDLY! U'll luv it if u knew/know hw 2 use it !
using it from fifteen days its a paisa vasool phone great touch windows 8 is jst what you need games are costly on the app world but the are becomig free day by day new updates are available better than those android devices A true android smasher
Using this phone for few weeks now. Quite a good phone considering the price tag. Windows 8 is something new and different in phone arena, and once u get used to, u'll definitely like it. Windows 8 does all the basic and necessary works with ease and it has fixed almost all complaints against its previous version like Bluetooth sharing, micro sd support, drag n drop in pc etc. Overall satisfied with the OS. Nokia has also done good job in almost everything - good built, smart looks, bunch of very useful apps (like city lens, here drive etc). Camera is descent, so is music. Not a slim one, but really doesn't bother me, fits my palm very well. Only thing that has disappointed me is the battery, 1300 mAh battery doesn't go long for the smartphone. If you don't use internet and gaming, gives just ok-type backup. But once u r into 3G, battery drains like black magic! And the OS, Windows 8 - lags miles behind Android and iOS in apps. Yes not all their apps are useful, but still lot of important ones are missing. And age old game like fruit ninja is not free, temple run doesn't run on this handset as it has 512 MB RAM! And some very primitive features are missing - like FM! And you cannot see call duration in logs! Hope MS & Nokia will give an update to fix these things.
i bought a nokia lumia 620 few days back and it hanged a number of times does anyone know awhy is this happening and how i can stop it????????????????please its a serios problem and i am looking for an answer
looks like this will bring nokia back in track. Pricing is good. Also the new soc 28nm krait is what is game changer which delivers very good processing and gpu. 512 MB ram is enough for windows os. Interface looks futuristic. Everyone would want to have such interface. I bet this will sell the most. The two low cost model 520 and 620.
I bought this phone a week ago.....untill now i have no complaints....believe me guyzz....its is far better than the slow sluggish android galaxy cheap phones....i wanted to buy galaxy grand before...but looking at this handy phone...i just couldnt resist it it from buying... 10 Points why u should buy it....(Pros) 1) awesome camera with panaroma and smart shoot features... 2)it never gets hang unlike the cheap android phones in this range 3)it has an 8 gb inbuilt memory upgradable to 64 gb 4)decent battery life and gets charged up very quickly 5)windows 8 and 1 GHz Qualcomm Krait, Dual Core processor 6)awesome back panels which makes it really a funky device 7)fantastic sound quality with great clarity 8)sensors like Magnetometer, Proximity Sensor, Ambient Light Sensor, Accelerometer 9)additional features like Wi-Fi Channel Bonding, NFC Support, Calculator, Clock, Calendar, Fixed Dialling Number, Alarm, Call Waiting, Video Sharing, Audio Messaging, etc 10)very handy with a 3.81 inch screen Cons 1)it does not have a better app store like android... but still guyzz it has still a somewhat decent appstore.... so if you are planning to buy a phone and your range is near 14k then i really recommend u this phone and guyzz u will surely not regret..
its the future fone.just buy 3 days before.no regret whatsoever. its awesome. looks-fantastic display-fantastic,4" cpu-dual core gpu-fantastic camera-fantastic sound-fantastic guys if u r lOoking a fone & ur budget is upto 20k,just goooooooooooooooooooooooooo for it.dont think tomuch about android or window. have faith in NOKIA & MICROSOFT.
I have been using this phone for the past 10 days. I have admit that I am very happy to use this phone. I am going to go through the positives and negatives of this phone because a lot of people have already done it. In my opinion, windows phone will certainly push android or apple phone down in the next few years. I can do everything on this phone that my PC does. I don't use that many apps but whatever I used it before are all available in W8. Further, Nokia phones are great built unlike Samsung or iphone and nokia phone do not break easily. The best nokia app I love and adore is the Maps, Here and city lens, apart from the camera. Folks, if you fancy a good smartphone less than Rs: 15K, this will be your best choice. You will not regret buying this phone; May be, you will regret not buying this phone.
This is a best phone at 14k range. Excellent phone with great features. The best part of this phone is the crispness of the 3.7 inch screen. You get all the features of Windows Phone 8 and exclusive Nokia apps such as Maps, Drive and Music. Nokia Music is gonna drive you crazy. No more plugging in your phone to your PC to copy the songs. Download complete albums on the phone itself with full Album Art and artist details! Simply Awesome!
I bought this mobile from Croma for 14500 black color for my wife. I am very impressed with the value it gives for this price. Its really very good. As far as the app concerns go, its true if you are a gamer - otherwise its a non issue. You cant get a better mobile which is so fast at this range. Go for it!
Really a nice phone for the price. Got all the features a good smartphone should have 5mp camera dual core processor 4 inch screen. Got a good display and cool design. But guys u can wait for its upgrade Lumia 720 about to come in India in few weeks. 720 has got better specs better screen than this and for a price of only 17k-18k
initially was skeptical abt buying windows 8 phone ..but 1 week after using it feel like itwas a good decision..these are loads of android phone in this price range but all look the same be it samsung or htc ..it is really a refreshing phone in the market decent camera smooth browsing good call quality nice key board for messaging only lag is apps load a bit slow but decent enough and a bit bulky even though its light... all in all a decent phone
Windows phones are always good user friendly and good looks This one is even more dutiful very happy with this phone There’s always one person with their eyes closed. But with Smart Shoot, one click of the camera takes a series of snaps. Take the best bits from each photo to create the perfect group shot.
I have bought this phone from another online retailer on 12th and it was delivered on 14th. I was feeling ecstatic with joy as I had been waiting for this for so long. However, I had to wait for a day to start using it as I had to get a Micro-SIM. Been using it for last 3 days. My overall impressions. 1. The phone feels 'just right' in your hands.. not too large nor too small. Same for the weight. 2. Brilliant display, with brightness set to max. But doesn't hurt your eyes. 3. Windows 8 takes sometime to get used to it. It's not 'plug and play'. You have to take time to set up the phone if u want the best. 4. Battery life was a bit lower than expectations. It went less than a day with few calls, messages, downloads etc. Internet was always on. 5. I transferred the contacts using 'Transfer My Data' but only a few of my contacts were transferred -Can anyone help with this? 6. Indoor pics at night with room light were quite poor, like VGA cam... Outdoors in daylight was brilliant. Dont know why such a huge difference in the quality. 7. The speaker in my handset sometimes gives a rustling sound, maybe an issue with my set in particular. Overall, I would say its a very good phone which gets everything done well, I just wish it had a better battery life would and be a bit easier to operate! One star less for that.(Ideally i would like to give 4.5 stars)
I have bought this phone and using it since last one week. I haven't bought this from Flip-kart since it was not available last week. Here is my experience with this phone. The phone mostly has all the features that are present in the high-end models like lumia 820 & 920. Super sensitive touch feature is not der but the touch on this device is also very good. The battery can take you through the day. the max i got was for 13 hrs. The games like mirrors edge, nfs hot-pursuit runs smoothly on the device. There is a bug in nokia music app. The volume rockers most of doesnt work properly with that app. even if reduced the volume to 0 still the music gets played loudly. This is a software bug. Sometimes the lock-screen doesn't move. You will need to again press the lock button. This mostly happens when there is any notification. However the inbuilt speech system allows to read notification without touching the device. You need to enable one setting from the speech menu. The apps provided by Nokia & Microsoft are great. Overall its a very good budget device. If you don't want to invest much in windows phone. This is a good choice.
upto 2010 i use only nokia phones but nokia S60 os has lot of problems and very slowly runs becz i switched to sony&htc ofter, nokia has come with wp 7.5 it is good but have some errors now the new wp 8 is very good and better than android but cost is high (lumia 920-38000) the nokia lumia 620 overcome all the drowbacks and itis best smart phone under 15k in cmg days nokia 520 has anounced with good properties.... that's why iam change to nokia again and my entire family changed tokia verry soon nokia has defnatly rules again..............
im the first one to get lumia 620 on kerala!!! .. its gr8.. 1.windows 8 phone gives a new experience.. 2.it has dolby enhancement sound system.. 3.hd 720p video recording.. 4.camers is out standing >>> no words for this smart phone.. ITS THE LUMIA 620. the only drawback for this phone is its battery.. lumia 520 has 30hrs more stand by time..than 620. but still 620 is good. its heard that the first arrived 620 phones have been returned by costumers in UAE in lulu super markets...the staffs said they were not satisfied with 620 .. but I think its all bull shit!!! its worth the money ..!!
Got this phone for my wife yesterday who had problems with her galaxy s2 and boy what do I say ,this phone simply rocks... WP8 is so slick and stylish that I'm contemplating giving up my note 2 for a windows device.battery backup is excellent. Phone dropped only 20% on a full day of mild usage.screen is great. Camera could have been better. All in all this phone gives u the most bang for ur buck in the midrange segment.Go Nokia.... Go..
I bought this phone about 1.5 months ago, I have already sold it, I was VERY disappointed with this phone, it hangs at times, sometimes when you are picking up a call, there is no answer icon on the screen to answer the call! there was a loudspeaker problem AND a earpiece problem with me not even using this phone for a month! And the battery of this phone is very very poor, I bought this phone from a authorized nokia showroom in a mall! I have never been so hugely disappointed with a phone in my life, the only good thing I possibly have to say about this phone is Nokia Drive, it has possibly the best navigation system I have seen in a phone, you can even download the maps of the whole of india in a 600mb download so that you don't need any 3G connection to run the navigation, it's way better than google maps, trust me on that one. So for that, I suggest instead of investing money on a GPS for a car, go ahead and get a Nokia Lumia 520, that also has the same navigation system. So basically this phone is just a GPS and a fairly OK browser. everything else sucks about this phone.
19 May 2013 I had been using Samsung Galaxy S Advance,for 7 months. Last week it was stolen so had to buy a new phone. After seeing such a good reviews on flipkart and some other websites, I bought Lumia 620 . It is really an awesome phone. Easily fits in hand. Clear black display makes viewing experience awesome. Music quality is also good but ear phones are cheap. They do not fit in ears. The phone doesn't have FM. Absence of file manager makes this phone useless. Many files disappears even these are supported file types (mp4, jpeg). Some users have said that 512MB of RAM is enough for WP. That's not true. It does lag many times. Not to talk about multi tasking, it even can not keep two tabs alive. When I switch back to backgrounded tab/app, the tab or app re-starts. Camera quality is also not as good as of S Advance's. Front camera stands nowhere in front of that of S Advance. WP OS is new so it doesn't have so many apps. Many famous and popular apps & games are missing even after two years of it's inception. It doesn't have same or alike status bar of android. Photo uploading is not supported by IE in mobile version of Facebook site. Can't send songs or videos through WhatsApp. If want to send any audio, will have to record. No option of sending pre-recorded audio/video. Battery juice is not enough to last more than 5 hours in continuous 3G browsing. This phone is good only in technical specification, but practically it is not much good. I am thinking of selling my Lumia 620. Galaxy S Advance and Micromax A116 Canvas HD are better option in same price range. 20 May 2013 The phone has started showing its colours. Today, it rebooted 3 times, automatically. Nokia should have patented the 'hanging' and 're-booting' problem.
purchased it a week back, off course was lured by its features that to at a reasonable price, though the mobile is pretty good, would like to caution against poor battery performance of it. i didn'y hav kept any extra-ordinary expectation, but wished that once it is charged at 9 am, it should last at least till 9 pm, but to my unpleasant surprise it dies at 4-5 pm itself, with ave use of: facebook 15-20 min, voice calls 1-1.30 hr, surfing 20-30 min. though rest all functions are pretty good, but consider above factor while making your purchase. i too tried to search about battery performance of lumia, but very few reviews were available.
The battery is 1300mah.. and is capable of 9 hrs 3g and 14hrs 2g!!!!!!!!!!!! :-O With HD recording and playback how much is it going to last.????? use the GPS for 10 mins the battery is half! now my question is what is the use of features if we cant use them?? i have suffered a lot during journeys and ended up thinking. what did i get after paying thousands????.. practically good build and brand name is useless if the phone remains off due to low battery and has to be charged 3 times a day! i feel top companies design such phones so that the consumers are always trapped and their quests of a practical phone never gets fulfilled so that the sales never stop. or may the high range of their products never meets competition from the low range. it feels all the strategies are designed to make money not fulfilling consumer needs! lots of Chinese brands are available feature fully loaded but they compromise on build and full of bugs! fingers crossed!
After using Nokia Lumia 620 windows phone for the past 1.5 months a lot of good and bad things came to light. The main reason behind buying a windows phone, after a lot of dis-encouragement from friends and family, was the the metro UI. The one-tone colour combinations with dark or light background along with the live-tile make the phone aesthetically beautiful. On that, smooth animation acts like cherry on top. The use of typo is nice. Segoe UI font gives windows phone the-max-readability. The Innovative in-build apps, like nokia offline maps and City Lance is eye-candy for tec-frick users. Mails synchronizes perfectly. Nokia Lumia 620 captures fresh pictures and it offers Dolby Digital sound quality. Battery life is similar to all smarts phone in its range but surprisingly it re-charges pretty fast. My girlfriend is using Lumia 820 which is comparatively faster but she has faced the restart and freeze problem several times. We also faces problem in network reception. My colleague is using 720 and has the same problems. I was a great fan of the Windows metro UI… Now I am not. I wish I had bough something else. ------------------------------------ AFTER USING FOR A YEAR I have been always a genuine NOKIA user. I have never used any phone apart from Nokia since I am very used to it. It all started when I got my first phone on April 2003, NOKIA 1100, then 3233, 6600, C3 etc. Less than a year back I bought my Lumia 620 on 04/05/13 with my hard earned money. Not even a month past and my phone started behaving weird. My phone started having touch-screen problem and I had to lock the phone and unlock it again to make the touch-screen work properly. Soon my ear-piece stopped working. I had to take my phone to the service center in Hadapsar, Pune, India to get it repaired. These Nokia Care people got this brilliant idea to format and reset my phone to solve the problems and handed it back to me. Re-setting the phone did not help so they again kept it back and my phone was with them for more than a week. Later they announced that the phone has some back panel problem and it need to be replaced which is not available with them. I got the back-panel replaced in Kothrud, Pune, India. And soon after the back panel was replaced they found that there is a problem with the speaker and that has to be replaced again, which I did. Few month back again there was a problem with the middle button, the button will just not work. No switching on-off or unlock or lock screen. I again took the phone to the Hadapsar Nokia Care which is closed to my house. They said that the middle button was broken and they will charge me Rs 650 to "replace the button" as it was a physical damage. Man how hard can i push the button that it will break? They kept the phone for 2 days and when they handed over to me I felt that middle button is not sturdy. It felt different and I reported imminently. These guys said that since they don't have a button switch they have repaired the existing, they agree that the middle button is not study and they will replace it with it 6 months if there is any problem with it, I just need to show them the bill. Now, what the hell? I just payed for the replacing the switch. And why should I have to come back again? Why are you charging me for something that I have not received. And on top of that I don' t have that time. Repairing the phone is not my only work. Today on 20/02/2014 the middle button again stopped working and I don't have the last repair bill. I will just want to let you know that I will never buy a Nokia phone again. Buying Nokia was my mistake. I have not got the value of my hard earned money and I will never suggest any one to buy Nokia.
User interface looks good, some useful apps are not well developed as of now.. like adobe reader etc.. Decent cam, solid hardware at this price, good touch experience nokia maps not that great like google (can't expect though)... I cant access office files stored on my mem card through the ms office application, i thought it might work if i copy it to phone memory but still it didn't (same with the present pdf reader). It will show/open the ppt/pdf file only if u download... most painful experience with this phone.. If anyone has a solution let me know... For me OS hanged twice in first 3 days... not after that.. rest everything is fine about it..
In the few days usage , I found that 1) the power / screen off (middle) button is very hard to press . Whenever i press , it propmts me to shut down the phone . Screen off will not work many times 2) Its very difficult to open the panel for changing the sim/SD card . I have to the Press the camera lens hard in order to separate the panel from the body 3) the battery is loosely fitted on to the body. 4) using windows 8 is the best part.
Dont Buy the Phone... Product Design is lagging and attracts Sweats causes Liquid Damage.. which is not covered under warranty.. with 2 fingers u flipped the side body and water can easily goes into your touch panel which can cost u min 2.5 K... depends on service center.. u may end up paying 4 k as well... BULLSHIT Product Design.. No Water Resistant Level Liquid Like Sweat can easily passes No Back button for IE.. and its pathetic as well Nokia Headphones are more than pathetic... For email attachments you need to download first then only you can send.. otherwise blank.. Not much applications.
i jus bought my new nokia lumia 620 couple of days back and its such a disappointment.. i'm facing constant problem with the internet n not able to download any app.. the camera quality is jus mediocre, there is no option of connecting a handsfree, i cant connect the phone to my car's Aux wire n make calls since as per nokia centre its is "only for listening to music" i've been a nokia user for last 10 years and i had huge expectations with the new phone but sadly lumia has only been a source of disappointment & irritation since i've purchased it.. i'm stuck with this phone since i've spent a bomb on it but woudnt recommend it to anyone..
I bought this master piece on 5th March on Prebooking offer from Flipkart. Below are pros and cons. 1) Apart from bundle of various Nokia Apps which you cannot find anywhere else, You have contacts synch up feature from Facebook, Google and Yahoo. 2) Just after 2 days of buying it, i was driving on my bike and suddenly pothole came and my Nokia Lumia fall out of my Shirt's pocket. Believe me, It didn't got any scratch on the plastic it had on back side. No one can beat that quality of plastic. 3) 8 GB internal memory ...out of which 4 GB is available for use...and that's enough to install many apps....also u can install apps in your SD Card as well. Cons:- 1) though it's not major one....FM is missing. 2) Battery backup is not lasting more than 1 day...and when you browse thorugh internet or Play games, it will not last more than 4-5 hours or so..
I am reviewing this phone after using 1 week: Pros: • Awesome UI • Touch is faster and responsive • Apps load faster • Camera App is awesome Cons: • Poor Battery • Not good for music player and sound • Limited number of free apps • Whatsapp don’t work properly for windows 8 • You need to place song in ringtone folder in order to set it as ringtone • Map is nowhere near to Google map
Dont go for this phone. It has tons of problems. First, have to cut my SIM for this sh*t. Then after mere 2 months microphone went bad. It will work for 2 hrs. and then will suddenly stop working... I couldn't call someone or receive any calls... Moreover went to Nokia care every week for a month but they couldn't identify the problem. Gave my mobile for 9 days to nokia care still problem persists... It's a retarded phone. The only response I am getting now is that I dont have micro SIM and because of that I am having problem but this theory is also not true as I have used my SIM on friend's mobile and it works perfectly fine... Now I cant use my SIM too as it is cut to fit these sh*tty phone.... Worst is that, went to nokia care and found friend there who has lumia 720 with camera not working... For him also nokia care couldn't identify problem. So requesting to stick with Android based phones.... Dont buy any Lumia at least... As nokia care is always full with lumia phones (Seen everytime I visited the shop)..... Windows has tons of problems and Nokia has long left manufacturing quality product.... Totally Let down by Nokia and Windows.
Review Date: 29 March 2013 Using it from past 5 Days. Hardware ====== Amazing phone as far as hardware is concern, and why not its Nokia. 1. Camera Amazing. 2. Music Amazing, I have used apple ear piece and enabled dolby; it is so cool. 3. Look wise very good. Software/Window Phone 8 OS =================== Its a good OS but Microsoft shit themself, by neglecting very basic application need of a mobile users 1. Music: You cannot create playlist... shit are you serious, -- yes I am. 2. No file explorer, I have transferred few "pdf" files using bluetooth, and still searching where they are gone. 3. Microsoft PDF reader app is unable to read PDF, still not able to find a simple PDF or Book reader that can find pdf from my phone memory or from sd card, also they are not able to find my pdfs transferred using bluetooth. 4. it nothing compare to Android. Finally -- Nokia 5 Star, Microsoft 0, Waiting for Nokia to leave Windows and come up with Android or Ubuntu Mobile OS.
I have been using this product for 3 weeks now. My observations are as below. Plus: Quality of the handset is good. Accessing mails is amazing. Camera, Voice call, messaging & music are good. Interface is amazing. Money's worth. Good buy, though a long list of minuses. You won't regret. Minus: Headset quality is bad, no plug-ins and no answering key. Battery doesn't stand for a full day, if you use internet throughout - but then this is a smartphone! There are some limitations with windows 8 OS, probably it'll get better - but a good one for a starter. This is not lag-free but better than android (in the same range). Whatsapp has a few issues with OS, which needs to be resolved. Ringer volume and music volume are the same - at times it is a pain in the ass - especially when you're work! Nokia online support is bad - for every query you ask they ask you reset your phone - pathetic! Popular games are not available as yet. No folder access / file manager access.
Nokia Lumia 620 and Samsung galaxy s Advance were in same price range, but I bought lumia 620 (WP8) for NOKIA HW and MS OS. PROs: 1. Good H/W. 2. Bluetooth file transfer allowed. 3. Memory card allowed. 4. All hard buttons are part of outer changeable case. CONS: I find some s/w limitations of WP8 like : 1. Many video formats are not supported by default player. And no other player app is available. 2. Volume Control is common for Ring volume, music and video player.(and some times you cannot control the volume) 3. No other Browser option available except IE10 and UC browser(far better). 4. Cannot use NFC to transfer content with other NFC enabled mobiles (Nokia to Nokia never tried). 5. May get bored due to 1 Home screen though tile size and position can be changed. 6. Tiles are not interactive as gadgets... they are just for display of dynamic contents. 7. NO FILE EXPLORER. So all I want to say is go for android if any of the above S/W limitation is unacceptable for you.
I bought this phone so that I can experience Windows 8 . Its good. The phone however is a disappointment as the phone freezes when picking calls. I have been using the phone for past 2 days and there were multiple instances where I was unable to pick calls - the touch screen doesnt respond :) . You can google the same 'Nokia lumia freezing' for more user experiences. The phone is not a phone unless you can pick calls, please do your bit of RnD before buying.
As sensative as our emotion.I have brought it 2 years ago by giving 14000 rs. Till now i spent on it 8000 for repairing( sometimes screen, sometimes power key,etc). now it become the cell of rs=22000 .
friends plz don't buy lumia 620. bcz there in call history. no FM. there is no good applications, Bluetooth is not support to android apps phones...totally i lost 14,000. i'm very disappoint.
The cell phone is good for users who want to use their smart phone for basic multimedia purposes like listening to music, chatting and checking emails. The device surprisingly doesn't hang frequently, as compared to products in the same range operating on Andriod. The speaker on the phone is loud enough, Windows OS still has a few cons as compared to the iOS or the Android. There is no Screen Locking due to which the phone goes in the landscape mode each time you keep it oriented in that fashion. Also you cannot search for a track in the playlist. Scrolling is the only available option with the user. Once the battery dies, it takes at least 5 minutes before you can reboot the device. To get personalized ringtones, one needs to use a computer and add the required track in the ringtones directory and then set it; which makes the process cumbersome. Also the pair of earphones that come as standard shipment from Nokia are the same as the ones which come with the basic phones like Nokia 100, hence not great. Overall I recommend the product for the ones aren't app freaks and are ready to do with the above mentioned cons.. They are minor pot-holes which won't even come into your notice until extensive use...
I was using a Nokia 5800 and perfectly happy with it for 3 years. Thought I will upgrade. Got carried away by Lumia 620 rave reviews. Also wanted features that symbian has and android does not. But the Nokia Lumia 620 is not what it is made out to be. Most user unfriendly interface. Took me more than a week to find the features that I wanted. No file manager. Cannot access doc / pdf / txt files on SD card No phone book. The people app is cumbersome and finding numbers from it require a few taps. No readily accessible dialer. Had to install RAP dialer No missed call indicator. You have to turn on the phone to see the missed calls. Most user unfriendly music player. I am still struggling with the playlists that does not show me the songs as music player in the the 5800 did. Appointments & tasks not shown in home screen. Have to go to the calendar each time. Battery sucks. Full feature heavy use, games / video, browsing, music with 3 G - lasts only for about 4 hours. X-box app drains battery like crazy and hidden away deep down. With all draining features including X-box turned off battery lasts for a day and a half with little use. A day with moderate use. About 9 hours with heavy use - just calls and messaging. Had to buy a portable power bank. Camera good without flash in bright light. Sucks with flash and in low light conditions. Even the one on my 5800 was great and I could get good photos. No alarm for tasks / appointments. Just a single tone that can be missed. On/off button built into back-case requires real finger power to operate. Makes me regret the buy every time. Cannot use my Nokia PC suite. Have to use skydrive which means wireless / 3G which means battery drain. Tiles on home screen are drab. No feel good factor. Not all screens can be magnified by pinching. It is as good as my earlier phone AFTER installing RAP dialer, turning off all battery draining features, uploading my txt notes to skydrive and opening them one by one to download them to the phone, spending hours browsing usage tips and help, buying a portable battery power bank to charge on the go. Touch is super smooth and zips. Is a pleasure. Music player is THE WOW factor. Crystal clear Dolby sound. Display is clear with adjustable font
I have been using lumia 620 for more than a month after buying from flipkart which provided excellent service as usual. The touchscreen is super smooth. The important apps are there like Skype, wechat, WhatsApp. Rear camera of 5 mp is good, front camera is ok. Syncing gmail and outlook email is a matter of few mins. Battery life is strictly ok, however. Nokia music is a boon and decent speaker too. Overall a nice experience so far and a satisfactory purchase.
Good phone overall (for the price). Flipkart delivery is good. But the specifications in the Flipkart product page doesn't mention that it requires micro sim card - could have been better to know it beforehand- might have got the sim ready when the phone arrived. Now I had to wait another day, to get the sim cut, before I can use the phone...................
I bought this mobile 1 month ago .Under impression that Nokia is known for its battery back up, I have gone for this model. I am really really upset with this mobile . This has worst battery backup. It doesnt even last for 30 mins on call ...I need to carry my charger to office all the time. Added to this it doesnt even have Folder browsing option. I believe all windows phones doesnot have folder browsing. It doesn't even show call duration. how pathetic !! I feel like trashing this to ground . I lost my hard earned 14500 bucks :-( .
I have been using this phone from past 3 months now and I haven't found any concern regarding the operation of the phone. The much hyped drama between Windows and Android can be put to rest as the phone has completely set its standards high. The best part is the color which looks funky and stylish at the same time. All I can say is go for it and you are not going to regret it !!!!!
I have been using touch screen for last 7 years & for the first time the screen broke of Lumia 620. The service center in Noida Sec. 2 was unable to provide the touch screen and had no answer as to when part will be available. They are even unable to provide a stand-by. The center manager is unavailable & does not bother to revert calls. Noika customer care justifies all the action i.e unavailability of parts, stand-by & manager. No doubt the brand has taken a huge beating & will perhaps not be able to revive the same.
Pros : 1. Windows 8: A welcome change from Android. Live Tiles are beautiful and apps are secure. No nonsense. 2. NFC: As a developer, I wanted to try my hands on NFC. 3. Nokia Apps : Here Maps, Here Drive plus, Nokia Music and many more like City Lens. Yes you can have offline maps, so that you don't have to switch on your 2G / 3G while on roaming. 4. Good Display: You can use it under direct sunlight. 5. Price / performance : I didn't see it lag even once after 2 weeks of usage. At this price you get the reliability of Nokia. 6. SAR: Very low Specific Absorption Rate, causes less harm to body. 7. Microsoft apps: Office / One Note / Outlook and Skydrive, Office 365 for free ! 8 GLONASS: This is an alternate to US GPS and available on snapdragon chip ( Although I haven't figured out if there is any configuration available to switch between GPS / GLONASS, its quite quick to find my location) Nothing is perfect and a review without cons looks incomplete :) Cons: 1. No Gorilla Glass: Although the glass is toughened, its not a gorilla glass. You have to be careful and keep it safe from coins / keys and other metal objects. So far I have been able to do so. :) 2. No FM: Although it was never a deal breaker for me, some people would miss it. 3. Prone to finger prints (Thinking of trying to put a screen guard and see if it helps)
i bought this mobile from market at price of 12500 only & this is great phone.Great features at this price.Sure, I can make even bigger list guys, but my point is simple, After u use WP for a month or two, it’s hard to go back to app-centric Android. At this price, no android device can play any high end game anyway apart from normal games, forget the rich UX and functionality of WP. Many restrictions of WP7.x are removed in WP8. It supports drag and drop, no need of Zune or Windows Phone app (it’s optional). BT file sharing is built in and works flawlessly with any other device. Kernel is changed to Windows NT so that apps are easy to port from Windows 8 and RT. Unity engine is supported for gaming so games are easy to port from Android and iOS. Expect many new apps and games in coming days to WP8 due to these core changes. Expandable memory is added. Dual band WiFi is available on all WP8 Lumia phones. Only other devices having it are iPhone 5, iPad 4 , Galaxy S3 , Note 2 and iPod Touch 5th gen. Every other phone has 2.4 Ghz WiFi which is slower than 5 Ghz band.
I have bought Nokia Lumia 620 2 months back. When i started to use it i understand that this operating system is full of bugs, and not only bugs there are lot's of functinality missing.some of them i will point here else before buy go to the Microsoft Community once to check. BUGS: 1:- If you copy MP3 files from computer to the SD card via the data cable and when you detach the data cable you will find that there are 3 duplicate copy of each MP3 files created. 2:- If you transfer any file through the Bluetooth you will not able to see the file in the phone.You have to connect the mobile to computer and dig deep into the folder to find it. More available on community. So i will advice anyone who is going to buy any Windows Phone 8 mobile please go through the Microsoft community once.Do not waste your money on this mobile like me. I have bought one month back and finally i have to sold it after one month.
Awesome phone. I looked at battery performance and this is rated much better than even 920 even though it is a smaller battery. excellent phone. And it is a nokia and it has Drive +, nokia music, etc etc.. and changeable shells.. that's great.
Hi Guys, Please think twice before you buy any Nokia phone under Lumia Series. Everything looked fine until I found that there is no FM in my new Lumia 520. I researched over internet, checked the manual and finally the outcome: MICROSOFT DOES NOT SUPPORT FM. So the entire Nokia Lumia series does not have FM radio. No doubt phone looks decent. and screen is also nice to touch but we Indians just love music and if there is no FM in the phone. It's not more than scrap for me. what else, nokia sucks. Let me know if I have saved your money.. Regards, D
This phone is a wonderful delight packed in a small package. The OS is simply buttery smooth. trust me, you will not get such smooth flowing OS at such a price from android phones. The screen is gorgeous, has zero lag. If you want a smartphone which does the basics wonderfully this is a very good option. although it doesnt have as many apps as iOS or Android would, but it has enough to keep a basic smartphone user satisfied. The HDFC bank app on this is a pure delight. This is a also a very attractive phone for the fairer sex. I got my girlfriend this phone and her phone has become the talk of the office since.
If you have used android previously , got bored with it, this is the phone for you. The phone is in budget for most of the people. The touch screen is super-smooth. There is no problem of lag at all, you can easily dial a number or open another application while working on something else. And the live tiles are an assets. You will love the screen. The sound of the mic and receiver is good like all other nokia devices. The speaker quality is decent. If you are looking for a phone with apps and games and all, go for android. Otherwise this is the phone you will love. There is only one problem with windows app, most of the common apps and games are paid though the free-ones are quite satisfactory. The video quality is very good. The zoom in-out feature is good.. If speed is issue for you, go for windows phone, it doesn't lags at all whatsoever. Most of the android devices irrespective of their price, lags. I have personally used galaxy s2, htc desire series, which has a hefty price. This phone is within budget and has a brilliant screen. Conclusion : Go for it. Don't give it a second thought.
Hi, I haven't used this phone. But i am planning to buy this phone. from the reviews i read, i felt its a nice phone for an average person. It costs 750 less in mobilestore and they have EMI feature also. I haven't used android or windows phone before, i am only concerned about the battery life of this phone.
I used this phone for a week,I just found that the UI is stunning.Everything else looks fine. But the problem is - 1)Very less apps,games 2)Quality apps ,missing even youtube downloader(have to pay 55 rs to get it), 3)Popular games present on android platform hardly present on windows 8(temple run ,subway surf,cut fruit etc).If present ,you have to buy it (temple run 1 appear on windows a week back for 55 rs,but temple run 1 & 2 already present on android for FREE) 4) IMPORTANT thing is you can't send video files to other windows and android devices.You can receive them ,but cant send them. 5) In whatapp ,you cant download videos to your gallery,also cant attach it.But you can forward it. (Whatsapp problem) Conclusion is - WIndows 8 needs some time to stabilize in terms of App and Game. Also ,Windows 8.1 update is in process ,it will release by end of this year.My advice is to avoid windows 8 until end of this year.Go for android jelly bean 4.1.X .Enjoy apss and games for free.In windows 8 even if you get after sometime ,you have to pay for quality apps and games. If at all you buy windows 8 ,make sure that it has higher specification ,so that you will receive 8.1 update .Go for SONY/HTC in android segment .Their build quality is superior. They promise better android update,
I'm not a certified buyer from Flipkart but I would like to share my thoughts for the mobile! Here we go- Pros- 1.Amazing GUI - Despite the negativity, its a very amazing phones. Generally i thought the live tiles will make it a boring appearance BUT it's amazing. The tiles just give you a new look and is better when it starts moving(people tiles changing with different peoples image). 2.Smooth transition - I repeatedly keep swiping the screen left and right because the transitions are just so smooth and buttery. 3.Lock screens- Though its not a new feature still i love the way it appears. 4.Removable covers- This is the biggest advantage to to lumia 620. By changing the back cover you can simply give a more trendy look to your lumia 620. 5. Predictive text- whenever i write a text on sms or facebook chat or any other social apps the predictive texts are just amazing. I don't need to type the whole letter as it suggests a bunch of words on typing two or three letters. Cons- 1. No radio- Though you may think that music player will do the work still sometimes you may feel like listening to radio talkies and music which is absent in lumia 620. 2.Can't send music and videos- Usually sending music and videos via bluetooth is the easiest feature we discover in a cellphone but on lumia 620 its not. I looked each and every option but I just can't send my music via bluetooth. This leaves a gr8 disadvantage.(If its possible then please write a review) 3.Can't play music while talking to someone- Although this feature is not so important still i prefer this feature to be available. But its absent. Its no big deal. 4.Can't record calls- This is a disappointing thing. While talking to someone i don't get the option to record the calls and this feature is even available on a Rs.4000 cell. I hope windows phone store solves this issue by availing such call recording apps. 5.Writing text is a pain- Wherever you write, sms, chat, note, calender, internet, etc. Texts are a real pain, not becoz of typing but becoz of the mistake you may make. Suppose instead of "hello" if you have written "helo" then inserting the cursor just before the 'o' is not possible. As a result, you will have to delete the whole text. Disappointing :/ This are some of the features that amazed me and also disappointed me. But don't get finished here. There are lot more things on lumia 620 which will amaze you. So just keep gaining reviews for the mobile. Overall... Its a smart choice for those who are tight in budget! But I give it a 3 star because of the absence of radio(even downloading a radio app didn't solve my problem), not being able to send songs and videos via bluetooth and making the text writing a bit complicate and tough(so don't make typing mistake!)
HI GUYS, I HAVE BOUGHT NOKIA LUMIA 800 ON NOVEMBER WHEN THE PRICE GOT DOWN... WHEN MY PACK UNBOXED I WAS VERY EXCITED TO LOOK AT THE PHONE. I GOT AT RS. 19,000. I WAS VERY AMAZED AFTER THE STEP UP FROM MY "SAMSUNG G Y DUOS". THE DISPLAY, THE CAMERA, THE LOOKS, THE BUILD QUALITY, THE EVERYTHING I LIKED MOST. THE PROBLEMS WAS NOT WITH ANY OF THE HARDWARE,BUT THE PLATFORM...... WP IS THE ONLY PLATFORM WHICH I HATED MOST AFTER USING. 1ST I AM COMING TO SOME OF ITS GOOD'S PROS: 1.DEEP FACEBOOK INTEGRATION. 2.LIVE TILES 3.SPECIAL NOKIA APPS 4.PEOPLE APP 5.OS IS BUTTERY SMOOTH ETC. NOW THE CONS: 1.THE OFFICE SUCKS REALLY WORSE THAN A 60 RS. OFFICE APP(REMEMBER U CANT EDIT ANY .XLS OR .PPT FILES CREATED BY SUMONE ELSE OTHER THAN UR MOBILE.) 2.NO WEBSITE WHICH IS FLASH RUNNING CANT BE OPENED. 3.NO FILE MANAGER TO BROWSE FILES 4.NO BLUETOOTH SHARING OF VIDEOS. 5.U CAN ONLY DOWNLOAD SONGS BY NOKIA MUSIC. 6.IF U MANAGED TO DOWNLOAD ANY SONG BY 3RD PARTY APP U WILL NOT ALLOWED TO PLAY IT MORE THAN 40 SECS. 7.ONLY PICS CAN BE SAVED TO THE PHONE FROM ANY WEBSITE. 8.NO VIDEOS ARE ALLOWED TO DOWNLOAD. 9.FILE SIZE MORE THAN 50 MB CANT BE DOWNLOADED FROM MARKETPLACE(BEFORE BUY IT TAKE A BROADBAND WITH ROUTER AT UR HOME & ALSO BUY A WI-FI MODEM OF RS. 5000 & CARRY IT IN UR POCKET.) 10.NO GOOD GAME IS FOR FREE IN MARKET,IF U R GAME FREAK EVERY MONTH U HAVE TO SPEND 500 RS. FOR PURCHASING GAME LIKE ME. 11.ZUNE-----A PAIN.IT ONLY ALLOW SYNC MP4 & SOME AVI FILES TO PHONE. RATHER U WANT TO WATCH MOVIE ON THE PHONE,U HAVE CONVERT IT 1ST A GOOD VIDEO CONVERTER,OTHERWISE IT WILL NOT SYNCED TO UR PHONE. 12.OTHERS I AM NOT MENTIONING.......... IN MY THOUGHT ITS 80% IMMATURE OS COMPARED TO "ANDROID OR SYMBIAN" . SO MY SUGGESTION GUYS IF U R MIGRATING FROM JAVA BASED OS TO WP,U WILL LOVE IT & 1 CAUTION ,NEVER GO TO COMPARE UR FRIEND HIGH END ANDROID PHONE WITH IT,U WILL LOSE CONFIDENCE IN UR OWN DEVICE. ITS A HARDCORE BUSINESS ORIENTED OS FOR THOSE PEOPLE WHO ALSO CARRY THEIR NOTEBOOK ALWAYS ALONGWITH THEIR PHONE & WHO HAS NO TIME FOR ENTERTAINMENT ESPECIALLY ON PHONE RATHER THAN SOCIAL NETWORKING...... IF U WANT FEATURE PACKED ENTERTAINMENT WITH EVERYTHING MEANS ANYTHING U CAN THINK A MOBILE CAN DO,GO FOR ANDROID..... FOR RS 500 MORE U WILL GET GALAXY S ADVANCE OR WITH SUMWHAT SAME SPECS(PROCESSOR IS SCORPION S3) FOR 2K LESS GO FOR XPERIA SOLA SURELY U WILL LOVE IT. FINALLY I HAVE SOLD MY LUMIA 800 FOR 12000 YESTERDAY & PLANNING TO BUY XPERIA ZL OR HTC ONE(CONFUSED BUT HAPPY.) FINAL WORDS:THEY WILL TELL U WP 8 IS FAR BETTER THAN WP 7.8 ,BUT BELIEVE ME ITS OLD WINE IN OLD BOTTLE NOT IN A NEW BOTTLE ALSO..... THANKS GUYS.... DONT MAKE MISTAKE LIKE ME ...... ohhhhhhhh........ IF U CALL SUMONE 30 TIMES SIMULTANEOUSLY.......THE PHONE WILL SHOW 30 TIMES HIS NUMBER IN UR DIALLED LIST..... IT CANT GROUP THE CALL LOG..... FOR SIMPLE UNDERSTANDING,IF U CALL A PERSON "AMIT" 5 TIMES....IT WILL SHOW U AMIT AMIT AMIT AMIT AMIT....IN UR CALL LOG WITH NO CALL DURATION. & ONLY ZUNE(WP 7.8) OR X-BOX MUSIC(WP 8) IS THE ONLY MUSIC & VIDEO PLAYER... NOTHING ELSE....(JUST LIKE S 40 NOKIA DEVICE) IF U GUYS SAY THAT THIS IS A SMART "OS"......????? INVEST UR MONEY & AFTER FEW DAYS DONT THINK "ANDROID IS BETTER"....... BCOZ "ANDROID IS BETTER"..... THIS IS THE COMMENT FROM A 4 MONTHS LUMIA 800 USER.... THANKS FRIENDS.......
Hi Guys, the IMEI number of my Nokia Lumia is 354636059043482.Now it's up to the people whether they believe that I have a Nokia Lumia or not.:) since so called Mr.Ankur believes that I don't have a Nokia Lumia.Just now I came from Nokia Care Center and they have agreed to change the software. Phone is launched in India in March so not many people has got any hands on on it. These are the flaws of Nokia Lumia : 1)It doesn't have WiFi Hotspot ,even 6000 RS Galaxy Y has WIFI Hotspot support. 3)Cannot transfer video via Bluetooth. 4)No File Manager. 5)SD card holder is very poor while most of the phone has the slot for SD card outside now. 6)Battery backup is too poor.Can't expect this from Nokia. 7)Nokia map does not match with Google Map and moreover you have to download 700MB of Map. 8)Sound quality if you hear via speaker is too poor. 9)The headphone provided by Nokia with this handset is useless. 10)When you are watching any video if you lock the the screen video stops ..funny isn.t it....looks like Nokia has not done proper testing before launching this in the market. Others ,,those who are buying Nokia Lumia can find it out.All the best :)
Hi All, Let me tell one thing clearly. Don't buy this product bcoz of the positive reviews given in fp. Most of them who gave + review have used the mobile only for few days.I also thought to write a positive review initially but waited to put a valid review after using the mobile for quite some time. You will feel happy only for the first few days. The touch will attract u initially.There will not be any lag or hangs. After using the mobile for around 2 months let me give my experience with the phone. *The phone lags and hangs a lot. Sometimes it restarts by itself without reason. When the phone hangs you cant restart it through buttons. There is no reaction from the phone when u give long press for the power button. The only way you could recover from the hang is to remove the battery and put it again.The phone will hang when the net is ON and you play games. Even lags will be there when texting SMS. These problems not found initially. * There is no control of volume through S/W. You can manage only through volume up and down button. Now my volume up button gone & i am not able to increase the volume.(Nokia care is asking Rs.850 to repair this saying that physical damages not covered under warranty). * Worst battery backup. Am charging my mobile twice a day. No long calls. I used to switch on the internet whenever needed and switch it OFF when not in use. All other stuffs like bluetooth, wi-fi etc will always be OFF. I have also blocked all apps that could run in the background. I have also set to synchronize the mails manually. I play games a little. So the battery should come at least for 1day but battery backup comes hardly for 12hours.The mobile has to be plugged in always to use it continuously. * The screen back button is not functioning properly. When i press it, the screen goes inside. These problems were not there initially.I have to switch off the screen and on it to recover. *The phone got restarted when i dropped it over a pillow which means that the hardware is not sturdy. * Lack of file manager.Am not able to locate the photos sent by my friend through bluetooth. This is how software manages for the files us. * In all the applications, select option is given but nowhere select all option is given. When i want to Select all the files to delete i cant do in single shot. * While listening to songs, 'add to now playing' option has been given but when i select songs and give add to now playing then it is not getting added to the playlist nor the selected song is played. * Mute option is not given either in the music player or in video player. * Making calls is not user friendly. You need to have "RapDialer" app to make calls easily. Call duration is also not provided with the caller in the mobile. * IE is ok but not the best. Pop-up blocker has been enabled and No control is given to disable it. No forward button.Screen back button works as back button for IE. Tabbed browsing is not proper. If you want to open another window, you need to minimize the current window and open a new one. When u go back to the first window the page refreshes again. Websites with Flash content is not loading properly. You cannot download files through IE. Even UC browser is not good. Not able export files downloaded through UC. * There is no inbuilt PDF reader. You need to download it from the store which is free. * Good apps and games are paid.You need wi-fi to download some good apps/games. * The phone heats up like anything when playing games or using net. * Headset is of average quality. * If you want to go through a list you have to scroll a lot. Ofcourse search option is given. One pain point i experienced is that when browsing i wanted to select a value from a big drop down list which had some hundreds of value,i had to scroll for some minutes. But in Android you can hold ur finger and go through a list easily. * You need "Ringtone Maker" to set a custom ringtone for your phone. Otherwise it is not easy to set. * Touch was butter smooth only for few days. * Inbuilt games provided are of waste. * As in android, you cannot swipe and open bluetooth, wi-fi, music player etc from the top of the main screen when it is running. * On screen pattern locking mechanism is not provided(security feature). * Even though front camera is there, video call option is not provided. I think we need to depend on skype for this. Not yet tried it. * Camera, Map and Screen quality is good. Still many basic features are missing which i might have forgot while writing this review. The only thing i find more useful about the phone is the outlook.I used to check office mails which am finding it easy. Initially i had many positive comments about this phone which all turned into negative after usage of 2months. This mobile is not worth for 14k.I feel worried that i had spend this much money on this failure model.The mobile is worth only for 8k. I wont recommend this model for anyone. May be go for lumia 520 which you could get it for 9k.
hi guys..... ITS "TIRTHANKAR" AGAIN..... FOR THOSE WHO DEBATED MY PREVIOUS REVIEW: PLEASE DONT MIND THIS TIME I AM GOING TO TELL SOME MORE FACTS SIDE BY SIDE ON "ANDROID" WITH "WP".....WITH THE USABILITY & REAL LIFE NEEDS..... WP: 1.U HAVE EXTERNAL STORAGE,BUT NO FILE MANAGER TO BROWSE THEM. 2.U HAVE BLUETOOTH SHARE THROUGH A APP WHICH IF U WANT TO RUN U HAVE TO TURN APP & BLUETOOTH ALWAYS SIDE BY SIDE. 3.THE OFFICE SUITE IS A KIND OF JOKE(IF U DONT BELIEVE,GO CHECK ANY WP OFFICE WITH ANY .XLS OR .PPTX & WITH SAME FILE TRY TO EDIT IN AN ANDROID DEVICE WHICH HAS A DOC EDITOR U WILL CAME TO KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING.) 4.A SINGLE PLAYER FOR MUSIC & VIDEOS(I DONT KNOW X-BOX MUSIC ON WP8 COMES WITH EQUILIZER OR NOT,BUT ZUNE PLAYER DONT HAVE IT.). 5.NO GAME FOR FREE(ANY GOOD ONE)THE PRICE SUMTIMES GRADUALLY INCREASES(EXAMPLE:CONTRE JOUR). 6.IF U BUY NOKIA WP,THEIR GAMES (GAMES BY NOKIA)ARE ALSO NOT FOR FREE,IF U DONT BELIEVE GO TO MARKETPLACE & SEE IT URSELF. 7.U GUYS R SAYING & GOING THROUGH THE TECH REVIEWS OF BIG WEBSITES...... I SUGGEST U WHO SAYS ANDROID IS MORE BATTERY HUNGRY,GO TO GSMARENA & SEE THE BATTERY TEST PERFORMED ON VARIOUS DEVICE....U WILL NOT SEE ANY MAJOR DIFFERENCE. NOW FOR THE ANDROID: 1.A HUGE NO. OF GAMES & APPS FOR DAILY LIFE COMES FOR FREE.(DONT GO FOR USELESS APPS & GAMES,ONLY SEARCH THOSE WHICH U NEED,U WILL SURELY FIND IT IS FREE) 2.TWO SIMPLE THING "BLUETOOTH SHARING" & "BROWSING FILES" CAN BE DONE WITHOUT GIVING ANY EXTRA EFFORT(JUST KIDDING). 3.U HAVE DIFFERENT MEDIA PLAYERS FOR DIFFERENT TYPE OF FILES. LASTLY A BIG QUESTIONS TO WP FAN BOYS????? U GUYS HAVE MIGRATED FROM WINDOWS XP TO WINDOWS 7 OR 8,AFTER KNOWING THAT IT NEEDS ATLEAST 2 GB RAM & 1.4 GHZ PROCESSOR ATLEAST BCOZ WINDOWS 7 CAN PERFORM BETTER BY ANY MEANS THAN XP IN NORMAL LIFE,SO U CONSIDERED BETTER PROCESSOR & MORE RAM,SINCE WINDOWS XP NEEDS ONLY 512MB RAM TO RUN IT SMOOTHLY. IF U DONT UNDERSTAND TRY TO INSTALL WINDOWS 7 ULTIMATE IN A PC WHICH HAS A 1GHZ SINGLE CORE PROCESSOR WITH 512 MB RAM......U WILL SEE WHAT IS HAPPENED.....((ha ha ha ha)...... THAT IS THE UNDERLYING REASON I THINK CAUSE I AM NOT A TECH GUY,JUST A NORMAL PERSON. SINCE ANDROID HAS MORE CAPABILITIES OF DOING THINGS ,IT NEEDS MORE PROCESSING POWER & MORE RAM. AND 1 REQUEST DONT COMPARE "WP8" WITH THE "android GINGERBREAD". SINCE ITS LATEST OS,COMPARE SIDE BY SIDE WITH "WP8 WITH ANDROID JELLY BEAN"....... U WILL SURELY SEE THE DIFFERENCE...... JUST GO & COMPARE REAL THINGS IN SMARTPHONE STORES...... THEN CAME HERE & TELL PEOPLE WHAT THEY SHOULD BUY?????????? HOPE MY 2 REVIEWS HELPED U PEOPLE UNDERSTAND ..... THANKS FRIENDS.....
it would be better if u wait for 520 if u r looking for a large screen phone with 5 mp cam , dual core etc lumia 520 will be available to buy soon and at a price of just 10500rs so wait until that as it will be a great phone
Please don't buy any nokia smart phone products, becoz they don't have proper tech people not available in nokia care center, in case if you get any problem on your phone that's all u r life tunrs nightmare they will take at least a month time to know what is the problem with phone. if would like to wait for ages please go a head and buy
I purchased nokia luminia 620 from flipkart it delivered in 2 days thanks for the service. Nokia comes with windows 8 . It contains search of bing which I hate most totally unnecessary . you don't find much apps in wp 8. It hangs a lot .Battery sucks , whats the use of a phone without battery life. I suggest you to go for android phones lot better than wp.
I read few review at the top and bought this phone, I strongly recomend to read this full review before you decide. I previously had a Nokia N95 for more than 4 years and deeply enjoyed every moment with it sans the battery life, I was looking at a replacement for N95 and opted Nokia for the reason that it would be easy to use "Switch" (program that will transfer data to new phone). I heavily use maps, but dont want to pay for data connection, Offline maps are only available with Nokia phones. Good things: 1. Very good navigation and maps. Very accurate, thanks to A-GPS, with this the phone doesnt even need signals from satelite very often, rather uses phones accelerometer. 2. Almost the same time I bought an android phone costing around 12k, but i have to admit Windows phone doesnt hang like androids. Windows is very quick. 3. Sounds very clear on call 4. Transfer app neatly brought all my contacts and even 1000+ messages from my earlier phone. Bad ones: (there is a lot of compromise if you use this phone) 1. Phone cannot vibrate and ring at the same time. It vibrates first for few secs and rings. I have missed many calls while on road. 2. Battery isnt so great. 3. Hands free with the phone doesnt have an answer button, just a simple headphone. but if you plug one with answer button, it works. I dont know why but my N95's hands free did not work with Lumia 620 eventhough both are 3.5mm jacks. 4. No file browser. therefore you cannot attach files to you email from browser. you have to configure you mail and use phone's way of doing it. 5. Since no browser on phone, you have no clue what is where and where your things are getting saved. and not possible to neatly organise your content. 6. Most of the Apps you will have to pay for it. 7. Not able to sync calendar from earlier phone. definetly need to have a live mail account if you are planing to import calendar entries. 8. Calendar reminder is just few small beeps, will definetly miss if you are not with you phone.
Go with this product if you can live with following limitations: 1)3G with Vodafone does not work most of the time. Almost all of the time, it stays on 2G. As soon as I switch my SIM to android handset, 3G works fine. 2) Unable to attach documents while sending mail from this handset. 3) Office emails can't be setup until and unless activesync is enabled. On Android, touchdown is available. Blackberry allows anyways. 4) Music volume keys and ringer keys are interlinked. On the brighter side, call quality, display quality is good. No lag, good processor/RAM. Nokia maps is a good application to have. All the standard apps are available for free.
I purchased Lumia 620 from Flipkart about 3 months back . For last 2 weeks , we have been facing some bizzare problem with this phone. It reboots after every 2 minutes. I have visited Nokia care centre twice and still no solution. I will bear the loss myself as Nokia does not care once they have received payment. You cannot even switch on it. There has been always over heating problem with phone as it has pathetic battery. Buy at your risk! There are many good Android phones which will be a better choice.
My old phone had made my life miserable. I mean it, trust me, it would hang up all the time and give me a lot of trouble during emergencies. I changed my old Samsung smartphone for good and finally ‘hung up’ on the brand. The Nokia Lumia 620 is my new choice and I’m loving it, because I feel so carefree now! I totally love the phone for its Windows Phone 8 operating system. All the favourite apps are right on my screen. Whether it is updating my Facebook status, playing games or browsing updates from my friends via PeopleHub, Nokia Lumia 620 makes it all very easy. The phone’s configuration is great and the menu is arranged so neatly on the screen that I have no worries finding apps when in a hurry. I can say that my Nokia Lumia 620 has the solution to everything. The dual-core 1 GHz Snapdragon S4 processor with 512 MB RAM just keeps going on and on. It is great fun to multi-task and the phone does not hang when I open multiple apps at the same time. Earlier my phone was almost useless in sunlight, but the Nokia Lumia 620’s amazing 3.8-inch LCD screen integrates ClearBlack technology that makes striking contrasts clearer. The crystal clear display increases visibility of images even in sunlight. I can swipe effortlessly through images and photographs thanks to the capacitive multipoint-touch screen. Nobody would argue that the Nokia Lumia 620 has the best camera among smartphones. The revolutionary SmartShoot feature of the 5 MP camera is a winning takeaway. What this feature does is, it takes multiple clicks and I can pick and chose to compose the perfect snap. That’s not all, the amazing Cinemagraph feature lets me animate my snaps the way I want! Connectivity worries too are history. Now I can video chat with my girlfriend as long as I wish, thanks to the Nokia Lumia 620’s 3G support and the front camera. When it comes to exchanging data, the phone also offers great help with NFC, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, WLAN and microUSB. All the data can be stored easily on my Nokia Lumia 620 with the 8 GB integrated memory and an additional 7 GB of storage space on SkyDrive. I’m seriously so happy with my new phone because I have no more battery-drained-so-we-will-talk-later moments! The phone is quite energy efficient the phone’s removable battery offers up to 14.6 hrs of 2G talk time and approx. 10 hrs of 3G talk time. Now that’s just so cool for a smartphone! In the looks section too, my Nokia Lumia 620 scores a definite high over my old phone. I just love the vibrant dual-shot shells that are a refreshing break from boring grey and blacks. Along with style and a sleek design, I believe my Nokia Lumia 620 completes the list of must-haves in a smartphone and makes me the proud owner of one too!
I bought nokia lumia 620 today , but has some disappointment while using the phone, when i am using the phone it is getting stuck-up in between and no response even when i try to switch off the mobile using the power button and i need to remove the battery to restore it to working condition.
I bought this phone a month back. It is so smooth and fluid. Windows 8 is awesome. Downloaded lot of free apps & games too. The only BIG disadvantage is the primary 5 mpx Camera is very poor. A 2 mpx camera would be better. the images comes blurred in daylight. If I knew this before I wouldn't have bought it.
Nokia lumia 620 is incomplete smartphone by its features and specs. i m using frm 15 days. my frnds r laughing on me to buy it........ coz of.....we cant cut copy paste image,audio,videos etccant skip audio by tapplaylist is not smartcant carry unsuported files on it like pendrivetotal volume contorle su..k media and ringtone atachedfront cam is not for video calls by defaultinternet downloading system....oh my god this is not a smart phone.... ahaaakeyboard sugetions not for everywhere...... battery backup........badmissed.......call recording, youtube not fine on 2g like other samsung and n5233 etc cant watch regulercustumising........zerocant find a single good free game to show ur frndscant watch online movies....... on like hotjatt.orgmultitasking........i cant say it is called multitaskingi have many more reasion......if u wanna know..........it is not a young smartphone its a baby( like baby it cant do many thing like other smartphone)peoples like it only for its animated by operate. So my sugestion is go for any reliable android smartphone, i accept that it lags in some extent but gives u a complete smartphone experience.
Nokia was my first love and hence after a gap of about 5 years i went back to Nokia only to be disappointed to the core. I mean how could Nokia come up with such a phone. The battery life sucks...my calls dropped 4 out of 10 times..and its as slow as a snail i guess 500 MB Ram is just not enough for a smartphone. Plus the apps on Windows absolutely suck. PLease Please Please do not buy..i sold the phone within 31 days of buying it and lost 3000 bucks in the process.i was lucky to find a buyer..
I used Iphone and android phones. Wanted to use windows phone. Used it for a month. Blamed myself innumerable times for having made this choice. Somehow exchanged this with a friend's android phone. Except for camera and colours it is the most primitive but costly phone i came across. Windows will never beat android or ios, for sure. If nokia wants to exist, it has to take up android.
As much great Os and hardware improvements were made to the Nokia phone recently, the Nokia after-sales service seems as bad as it was earlier. Voiceing out my experince since many may experince the same soon. They 'will' coax you into getting an extended warranty! .Although it may seem a good idea to get the extended warranty, never opt for it untill you are very sure or until the warranty expires. The service guys are incompetent to work with the latest OS or hardware. I got my brand new phone fixed as a work around after repeated visits to the service center!.! Rating for phone 5 Rating for their so called "premium service" in 'warranty' : 1 Overall Rating : 1
nokia is just a manufacturer which leaves gaping holes in its initial models so that they can be filled up later, and be paid for heavily. what did it mean, by putting just 256 mb ram into the lumia 610, only to upgrade it in 620..? fact of the matter is, there are far better devices in 15K.. if only one has the sight to look beyond nokia. besides, there are still some things a windows phone cannot do. so if u are really just looking to throw your money away, go get a nokia.
windows 8 phones are very restricted and rigid... like the problems microsoft had faced with vista. u cant do much with exploring file and connecting device to ur pc.bcoz 1) no file explorer from windows8 phone or from third party 2) u cant use ur phone as usb or bluetooth modem 3) need to change settings frequently and lot more problems ll be explored as go on using phone i think so really frustrated with 2days use of this phone.
After a month of buying this product I had difficulties in charging the phone. On handing it to the Nokia servicing centre in Guwahati I was told that my warranty has been terminated! I want to warn everyone about the fraudulent Nokia servicing system.
What good is a mobile phone without a life. Yes it's true, the battery life is one of the worst you will come across. It does not last more than 6 to 8 hours (average use). Not at all recommended, due to bad battery life
The battery is extremely poor, and there are alot of apps missing, now I notice my tiles are starting to lag when I press on them................. I should have bought the Galaxy man, it is much faster and has so many apps, but I listen to my stupid friend who tell me to buy this poor phone.
I bought this phone as a present for my wife. It's a nice looking phone, however she does not like it and has reverted back to her 4 year old qwerty pad phone. So now I have Rs15k of phone lying in a drawer. This phone is not particularly user friendly- keeps switching off and displaying a SD card error. AND its just 2 weeks old.
Guys Nokia Lumia 520 Releasing On 8th April 2013.With A Price OF 10500 Only.Buy It From Flipkart Here http://www.flipkart.com/nokia-lumia-520/p/itmdj5f6zyyqy6dh?pid=MOBDJ4ZNY4G5TJEC&ref=2267f785-a521-4641-8b0b-7d9559c1717c&srno=t_1&otracker=from-search&query=nokia%20lumia%20520 I Pre-ordered Mine. Thanks.
I am using Nokia Lumia 620 and i found these many faults in this OS:- 1. Its not properly organised i.e. videos are not saved in videos folder nor we can move any videos file or any other file from one location to other(folder). 2. There are very few apps for Windows phone as compare to Android phone. 3. We can't send videos file using watapps, hike etc. nor we can use viber for free calling 4. You can't able to see files(like software) which is being transferred from one phone to windows phone. 5. Headphone quality is bad i.e. you can't hear the songs while travelling. Only one thing i like about windows phone is GUI . It's appear attractive to use. At-last I want to conclude if you are looking for a smartphone i would suggest you to go with any other phone other than windows phone coz we are using smartphone for playing good games , more apps, listening music etc. This all features are not present in Windows phone. So Please don't Buy it .
If you want to messed up your life then go for windows 8 phone I think people saying it’s a great phone either upgrading from basic phone or a hardcore fan of Nokia or most probably NOKIA or Microsoft marketing people as most of Indians are or never experienced high end Android and Iphone. NO FILE MANAGER FOR WP8 PHONES AND MS SAYING IT’S FOR SECURITY HUH..NO NATIVE GMAIL app AND YOUTUBE APP HAVING JUST A WRAPPER EXTENDING BROWSER. NO DATA LIMIT OPTION CONSUMES YOUR MOBILE DATA IN A FEW DAYS.NO ZIP FILE VIEWER YOU CAN’T INSTALL APPLICATION FROM SD CARD or if you develop an application and want test on your device or want to use personally then you need to purchase license and spend lot of bucks and lot’s of other features which I missed from my Galaxy Nexus and Iphone I don’t think it’s a smartphone it’s a crap OS from MS..After 1 week of using I switched back to my Galaxy Nexus and feeling homely....GTH Miscrosoft I hate U.!!! My profession is mobile device and app testing. development so I know it better and I am not getting any money to promotion or demotion and if I am writing such a review then you assume I am really feeling after purchasing Windows phone 8 device. If you are using smartphone for only calls, music, video, net surfing then I would say WP8 is best but you never assume to go beyond with this OS. It's popular that Microsoft is an evil company they want to lock user in his ecosystem and after purchasing this device you have to buy apps which are free on android
I just bought Lumia 620 model mobile on last month 19th in the Mobile store, Elephant bhavan, Ameerpet, Hyderabad. The next day I went my hometown Visakhapatnam, when I reach my home, my phone inbuilt speaker is not working, only working speaker phone. I immediately called the mobile shop. He said "its a minor problem, switch off and switch on the phohe then the problem will be solve" but it couldn't then again I called up the shop he said nothing to worry, when u come Hyderabad come to shop, I will fix the problem, but nothing happen, I met Nokia care people, they told me this is new version we dont have speakers, it takes 10 days to come, to be honest I felt very bad, because its brand new, and the basic specifications failed. I recommend to everybody, Please dont buy these models.
My experience with windows phone has been very disappointing so far. Why one should not buy this phone: 1) The very bad thing about this phone is you will not hear clear sound during calls. 2) There are other very good android phones available in the market for the same price range 3) Touch is ok, but it is obviously not better than other android phone in the market 4) The internet browsing cannot be done so easily, as usual windows explorer is not better in phone either, you can install other browsers but not firefox and chrome. 5) Windows apps available on the windows store are very less in numbers as compared to android phone. 6) If you are music freak, there are sony phones available in the market with excellent sound qualities 7) The worst thing about the phone is back surface is very glossy, you will not be able to hold it easily. 8) Games : dont think buy android. Its too slow in games. most of the top games are paid here those you will get for free in google play. 9) Multitasking feature is too bad. e.g. sometimes it reloads page in browser if you have minimize it and maximize it later. 10) No official youtube app, google talk :( 11) Ugly font size , whatever default that is smallest only. 12) Copy and paste text from one place to another is like walking on the partially broken bridge. :'( 13) Finally just want to say dont buy it, you will pay for it later.
camera is good..but apps are not available..Nokia lumia 620 is incomplete smartphone by its features and specs. i m using frm 15 days. my frnds r laughing on me to buy it........ coz of.....we cant cut copy paste image,audio,videos etccant skip audio by tapplaylist is not smartcant carry unsuported files on it like pendrivetotal volume contorle su..k media and ringtone atachedfront cam is not for video calls by defaultinternet downloading system....oh my god this is not a smart phone.... ahaaakeyboard sugetions not for everywhere.i bought a nokia lumia 620 few days back and it hanged
Hi Guys, I bought Nokia Lumia 620 on the 2nd day of its launch from a Nokia store. at first I thought it would be good to use this phone instead of my HTC desire X as I would be able to configure all my mail accounts and outlook with the phone and also will be able to use google drive to access all my documents anytime. But this phone sucks, first of all you cannot use any other browser except for the pre installed Internet Explorer, You cannot use google maps, google accounts cannot be configured with this phone. Even while configuring google account it shows only one error every time " you have entered wrong information", and the most pathetic internet explorer is showing an error every-time if I am trying to use it on desktop version settings. Some times it acts weirdly like I was playing AE 3D motor, It is a very small game. But my phone stuck in between and only worked well after restarting. it was not the 1st case, about 2-3 times it stuck in between while I was navigating in settings pages. user guide of Nokia is also not upto the mark, as they have skipped lot of information which is quite necessary for a customer,
1. When will they start shipping the phone? 2. Micromax A116 Canvas hd & XOLO Q800 have awesome hardware coupled with Jelly bean OS with a lesser price tag. 3. Lava is going to release a new high end phone with the latest Intel chipset claimed to be the fastest smart phone on 14th march 2013.
SLOW PROCESSING , ALMOST PAID APPS , LESS NUMBER OF APPS AVAILABLE , VERY SLOW OPERATING EXPERIENCE...!!!!! """""GARBAGE""""" ""DONT BUY, DONT WASTE UR HARDLY EARNED MONEY MAN """ HANGS EVERY FEW MINUTES , BATTERY DRAINS VERY FAST !!! """"""""""""SUCKS""""""""""""""" DONT BUY """""""""""""""""""""""""""""
phone is very poor gets hanged, can't share phto via bluetooth, has lose process, gets shut down, touch is very poor specially after using scratch guard. I will sugeest not to go fo this one. I think htc is far better than nokia lumai
Hi, nokia phones lag behind android phones and lumia is another good example for that. here some of the problems I am facing 1. the phone hangs suddenly and even power button doesnt work that time. u need to remove and keep the battery again to restart. 2. no proper file manager. it is really a big problem as u cant find where the files transferred through bluetooth are going. 3. no proper pdf reader. android is giving acrobat reader and windows phones are giving a reader which cant even detect the files from sd card. 4. no proper messengers also. there is no proper google chat, facebook chat or yahoo messenger applications to chat with your friends. all the apps available now are very slow and half the time they have problem with connecting to internet. 5. even the camera. even tough its providing led flash, photo clarity is not so great. 6. personalization. you cant have a wall paper and there is only scope for the boring white and black background. BORING PHONE AND NOT SO GREAT PROS TO DISCUSS. xperia, galaxy and desire of htc are better options for sure.
I own a lumia 620 thinking that new OS WP8 would be super smart.. But it ain't got any File manager in it. The files recieved through bluetooth goes no where.. you cant manage it. the phone manages you ,ofcourse not in your way. it got some hardware issues too. after 2 weeks of buying the loud speaker seems to be not working.. you cannot copy data from SD card to your phone.. I vote for android than this .. Hope they may improve the feedbacks and bugs which they got...
Excellent Device under 15k (Using since April 2014) # Best camera quality # Got Denim Update 8.10.14 (Having Coratana) # Life of Nokia Devices is much more when compared to other devices. # Have option to change back panel with different colors
I bought this phone year before and I am very well satisfied with its performance till date. Even battery is draining in day but in other hand phone gives you awesome performance thats why people always insist you to buy Nokia phone (as they have very good hardware quality). Even now there are other models available but still Lumia 620 stands good among them based on user friendly performance.
I have used this for over a year without issues. If you are not an app junkie and happy with the basic apps like Maps, Whatsapp, News apps, etc, then this is the best phone you will get given the price range. Windows OS is very neat and clean and super intuitive and easy to operate. Way better then the clutter Android comes with. Touch is effortlessly smooth and responsive. Dont forget to upgrade to Win 8.1
flipkart did a good job with the packaging... the product is very good with no problem at all... but now flipkart stop delivering at my location without proper explanation... we have many courier services at our location... but still no delivery... hate this discrimination... stop doing this and start delivering ASAP at my location
This is one of the best phones out there ( keeping the price in consideration). Been using it for more than a year now and I see these hundreds of phones released in market and think of buying one then i have a glance at my 620 and i fall in love again with it. Honestly it still baffles me with its elegance, beauty and slick functioning. And about windows, I doubt that i'll ever switch back to android. Windows is to make it simple "Neat".I'm loving it
NOKIA HAS THIS PERPETUAL PROBLEM OF PHONES GETTING HUNG, MY FRIEND RECOMENDED THIS PHONE, BECAUSE OF ITS FEATURES, I PURCHASED IT AND REPENTING. FIVE YEARS BACK I BROUGHT A NOKIS PHONE AND I HAD THE SAME PROBLEMS. NOKIA PLS DO SOMETHING. MY FRIEND ALSO HAS THE SAME PROBLEM.
I bought this cell phone 1.5 year before ,frequently updated for all firmware updates , cell display and cam is soo awesome that all camera which says >pixels are much under the clarity of this master piece.Carbon black coated display is so useful to see in sunlight. There are some lags like hanging touch some times but overall u cant expect much from 512mb ram,overall i am a satisfied customer with Lumia :) Finally it has got all possible sensors in it :) price is little high as of now but when i bought it was really resonable.
Never had I fell so head over hills in love with a phone like I did with this Nokia Lumia 620 smartphone. The tiles are very cool, HERE Maps and HERE Drive+ is has always navigated me through unknown cities, sky drive has come in handy for storing my data over the internet, keeps my contacts along with the fb photos updated once I provide my Facebook login data, music app provides decent functions to create playlist and organize the musics, main camera works fine with the flash and helps you capture your memorable moments, 3g compatibility, wifi will keep you in touch with high speed data access. All in all an awesome package in a very affordable price!!!
My phone has been repaired five times including three complete handset replacement. That's enough to tell you my pain and troubles. Nokia has lowered its standard too much. I will never purchase Nokia again. Go for redmi 1S.
I placed this order on March 2014. i used this mob very hardly around 5 months. my voice around 2 hrs per day. If you are using voice call mostly pls dont go to buy this fucking nokia mobile. this phone display problem mob. If you are speaking continiuosly, human being having sweting in ear. this sweting goes inside the phone and short the electronic parts of your mob. Nokia bullshits designed a product in good manner. Even if you are having warranty, nokia says water problem not covers warranty. Even they didnt protect the mob from ear sweting. If you are using phone calls regularly, automatically after 3 to 4 mnths it shows a small dot in a display. Even if u are going to claim the warraty mob, they didnt respond. after 4 to 5 mnths touch not work. In nokia service centre says there is a heat absorber plate in the mob. They said that heat absorber cant replace becoz that heat absorber is behind EMI number of ur phone. That heat absorber corroded after use of 2 mnths. Next that heat absorber leaks some liquid after corroded. After continuos leaking ur phone mother board becomes dead/touch not working. I don knw may be mob can blast. so be careful for buying this fucking mob.. 1 star is over for this mob.. NO star rating.
i like this mobile very much. but exactly it worked for one year only. After its warranty expired it got switched off. Nokia care people are saying that it's better to buy another phone instead of getting repair. Worst solution..... WORST Customer care..... WORST NOKIA
Lumia 620 is a awsum phone....I have updated windows 8.1 ant its running smooth.......its the best nokia phone i ever used..............
I am a happy customer of lumia 620.. i have been using it for 1.5 yrs now. Never had any big problems I just love the kids corner feature. Recently got windows 8.1 upgrade, after which i have almost all the features of android kitkat.. o There has been some instances of touch screen getting stuck, but it goes away when i press the power button 2 times.. the battery does nt last for more than a day maximum (on phone usage alone) and does not last for more than 4-5 hrs of continuous net usage so i am giving 4/5.
best camara display ,,,,,,,,,looks cool if u just compare samsung or any other phone itz best ever to choose lumia 620
I bought this phone in April-13 and It was an amazing experience for me coz i was using Windows Phone first time and i didnt focus on battery power and this was my mistake. Just 1300mAh is not enough for smartphone which is providing by Nokia and Its a biggest drawback of this phone. Another problem is with Video player, you cant play any video except Mp4 and few selected format. Even in 8.1 update it takes long time to be open the video file. So i never enjoyed its player. some application was provided by Nokia like mkv/flv player are also kind of worthless played apps, slow apps. Btw its great phone for GPS, Camera, Look, Touch, Audio, and Microsoft Office. I really enjoyed the MS office which is remarkable, all the functions of excel, word and power points are inbuilt with windows phone. I never carry my laptops when i was out of the office for presentations and excel except power banks. Nokia should take some lessons from other chintu-pintu phone that they are using even using great power battery.
lock key gets has problm, BACK PANEL IS LOOSE, VOLUME KEY DAMAGES AFTER 2 MONTHS,NO RECORDING MORE THAN 4 MIN, HANGS A LOT, WATS APP CRASHES, CANT ANSWER CALL COZ TOUCH SCREEN DOESNT WORK FOR MOST OF TYM..........ETC
I was very excited with my first windows phone after getting bored by using android.But i am very unhappy with the nokia lumia 620 coz camera sometimes not work has to restart even after factory reset. headphone do not connect with the phone . very hard to connect headphone with the handset. requested return to flipkart but the request was not approved .I am now totally frustated with this. So one suggestion do not buy this from flipkart very bad service and seller.
I got this phone few months ago and the battery was terrible, it drains way too quick, not recommended.
OS Windows 8 is good. I liked the UI - very friendly but it has real battery issues. Phone is robust - fallen many times but it still works fine. It has started freezing recently while answering it just gives up on me sometime probably i need to get phone updated after backup. Camera is not that good battery drains out in a day with normal usuage having whatsapp/3 emails configured.
Within a months time my phones speaker bursted twice when i made a complaint in Service centre they didnt provided proper service. Nokia doesn't believe in post sales service. If you are game freak then applications are pathetic in terms of GUI. I dont recommend this phone. But this phone doesn't get hang.
First of all I would like to thank flipkart for delivering the product so fast(within 3 days), AND THEIR PACKAGING... it was so well packed. Now coming to this little POCKET DYNAMITE!!!!!!!!.. I do believe that nokia since their lumia series, has improved at lightning speed in both their customer satisfaction and market reliability.. and this is also shown in this phone.. its an amazing phone with very good features.. * It has a 1 GHZ dual core qualcomm snapdragon processor which makes the phone really smooth to use. * It has the best screen that I have seen so far in any handset of this price range and also surfing the internet is pretty good with this phone. * Very comfortable to hold in your hand.. not very big but just the perfect size for a smartphone..( I personally hate those phones which have big screens and make my pocket big) * Touch is very smooth and responsive. * Audio quality is AWESOME added with dolby surround system.. * Speaker is very loud. * Camera is also very good in natural daylight but average in low light.. * Overall a very good buy for first time smartphone users( I personally am one) Now the only minor shortcoming with this phone is that when you open the back cover, you will see many of the delicate internal parts of the phone. so I suggest to open the back cover carefully to avoid damage..
First of all hates off to the flipkart service.I have been a Nokia mobile user for the past 8 years. But I am disappointed this time with the model I have bought. My Nokia 620 inbox is full of missed call alerts. This model fails to deliver the basic service for which it exist. The mobile gives up coverage too frequently. I am not able to receive calls when I eagerly need them neither I can call in few emergency situation due to missing coverage in my mobile (though standing in an open area with good coverage). Other mobiles at the same spot shows full coverage. I dont think this being an issue with the particular handset I own but rather an inherent problem with the model itself.
Phone is getting hanged while calling some person. Sometimes phone is need to restart by removing battery.
Its awesome Man!! if you realy love lumia and your budget is low...go for it!!! its Bang!!!!!! even amoloed screen can't beat its screen quality..........
Lumia 620 is fresh & different experience. Pros:- 1. Very responsive touch & navigation keys. 2. Dolby digital loaded for theatre sound. 3. Display is best. 4. Camera is far better than any phone in this range. Hd video quality. 5. Hardware is best in its class, Samsung, sony htc stand no where near it 6.Windows 8 is Stable OS & safe.( Best os i have ever used, looks & feels professional) 7. Size is Very good for one hand operation.(hate big phones or phablets) 8. Battery last longer than any android phone. 9. Have all important Apps, so no need to worry. HERE Drive + is best Navigation app. Many people here saying than battery backup is poor but let me clear that this is smart phone & not an ordinary phone. you cant expect more than that. Also u should use any phone intelligently for longer battery life. As far as Price is concerned u get more than enough through 620. 520 & 720 also other alternative. Give a try & u will never regret.
i am using this phone around 8 months . my conclusion . 1 . this phone is rocking after cyan update becoz apps can be move to sd card. 2. heat problem shoud be remove after update. 3. browsing and downloading is excellent........ 4. lag in gaming {krissh 3 ond so .. on } . i wish update can remove this problem .| 5. buy it if you are not used android or ios otherwise i feels bore sometimes................................
i am using this phone from last 15 days. good built quality, nice camera, battery last 1.5 days with moderate use. And there is no lag while performing multiple task, 512 MB ram is efficient for this phone, limited selection of apps but most important apps are available.
It switch got tempered every month and the service centre also cannot solve the problem. Most important thing is that NOKIA servicing is getting worst day by day. I am very must upset by the Customer care centre.
I would like to thank Flipkart for the perfect delivery of the product. As for the phone, there are a few things I want to bring to your notice: 1. It uses a Microsim. 2. It does not support FM radio apps which I was disappointed about being a frequent listener of radio. 3. The camera quality is not that great. But for this price it is just fine. 4. When you open the cover, you can see all the hardware. Opening it once or twice broke the delicately small buttons provided at the sides. I had to get a paid service done at the Nokia Care Center even when it was under warranty period. Most ridiculous thing was when they told me that I had purposely broken it. 5. To open the cover, you need to press the camera, so after sometime the skin near the camera starts wearing off. I have shared a few of my experiences but overall the product is good. Most of my friends have it and they are also happy about it.
I purchased Lumia 620 from Flipkart.Thank you Flipkart and WS seller for prompt and quick dispatch of the product. Now coming to this Little Master Lumia 620.Its having everything you find in high end Lumias.Nice display,good camera,no lags hence butter smooth and faster touch experience,no heating problem found yet as it is common with Android phones.windows store has enough apps.Nokia Mix radio and music is the cherry at the top.The phone is very comfortable to hold.Call qualty is decent and the Dolby sound is impressing too.Browsing and downloads are faster. Now eagerly waiting for windows8.1 update.
awesome phone if .......u understand windows .contains nokia music store, Microsoft office for editing and presentations , 5 mega pixels back camera and vga front camera ....and quad core processor....I luved dis phone
satisfied with flipkart's service and the product. Received the product in time.. I am still using the phone and I am happy with the product.
This is the third 620 in my family and barring the slightly less pwerful camera I love the phone. The battery life is over 1 day which is tremendous for a smart phone and the UI is very intuitive.
Hi All, I bought NOKIA LUMIA 620 from this flipkart.com, issues are started from 15th day. i went NOKIA Care there i get to know, it's warranty is started from 21-feb-2014 , while i bought this phone on 14-april.i call at flipkart.com regarding this issue these people are asking me proof of this. this phones touch is not working properly even i am not able to pick calls, keyboard is not working.
Great product. It's good value for money. Completely satisfactory, to say the least. It's durable, chick, and great to boot.
Gifted this to sissy on her birthday.Personally ain't big fan of windows,still the birthday gal own the right to choose her gift. She loves it and the Package & Delivery by flipkart was very well as committed.committed. Good-job Team.!!
Bought it in march this year. Good phone at the price with much better display and clarity of photographs. the best part is it size, fits in the palm quite well. Windows 8 is smooth. The battery is a disappointment(1200 Mah), does not stand more than one day even without heavy usage.The hardware is otherwise awsome with good durability and great finish.
really too bad mobile to use. to compare samsung, sony, htc its s worst mobile, sorry to say this. i don't like this mobile.. when the photo s taken in mobile maximum shake. these are d default
I had buy for 13000 (west of Money) this full of crap mobile last year with in six months its went crap and useless .Its screen ,Sound and camera cheap quality, its keep hang up with windows OS . I Would say buy any cheap mobile do not buy this company's product ...
no lags whatsoever..i have even updated to windows 8.1 developer's preview..still works so well..infact the phone has improved considerably after the upgrade and sure it will be at its absolute best when the full working version is available for update. games work with ease..im talking about asphalt type heavy duty games, and with WP8.1 we get this quirky assistant..called cortana..and she is one hell of a digital assistant and absolute best and near equal to siri in her beta version.. waiting for the full version..like many..i didnt experience drain in my battery or over heating.. but battery could be the only sore point aside from the FM radio.. UI-10/10 display-10/10 battery- 7/10 call quality: 10/10 Connectivity-10/10(absolute speed, best in range) build quality:10/10
Value for money. Reliability and the Nokia brand to back is a plus. Bought this mobile for my daughter. Her first smart phone. Bought this against her wish list of other phones in the marketplace, she's now a nokia admirer.
you can't ask for anything better in this price i ve used it that is roughly and the body sustain the effect without any damage and the performane is awsome and not to mention the camera and the app store too good . buy it today if you are reading this....................
The memory card slot is broken and battery is not going for 6 hrs. And I did not got the warranty card also now its started getting hang also
What an Excellent Phone, Lumia 620 is the unique in Lumia series... It doesn't look huge, it doesn't make your pocket size big. Safe to carry. easy to use.....:) Best Mobile.... and flipkart is the best site.... Safe site.... Trustable Products.... Keep it up Flipkart. Please dont let your users think bad about Flipkart..... Thank you.....
Great work by nokia and Microsoft hardware &software wise great work. Specification are mentioned above are same. Only two wrong or bad thing is battery & back cover* is so expensive because of headphone's attachment part is inbuilt in cover rather then great value for money *( the back colour cover panel if u are thing to buy in different colors)
I bought it when it was 14230. A good smartphone for normal users. Maps , browsing , chatting , call functions , camera , music , etc. The WP OS needs to improvise on folder options (SPACE management is not efficient) but i think this is a issue on andriod as well.
I got this phone its work perfectly no issue till now :) Only problem i see is Temple Run 2 is not available due to 512 mb ram :(
It was very easy to me, to switch to Lumia 620. Because we often find lots of confusion on our mind that which one I should buy, so as to get my basics needs to be satisfied. And Lumia 620 is far better than the phones available in the market >14K. So friends as from my personal using experience its better choice for u.
Nice product, but hte cons is fm radio not in there for windows 8. ulitmately proffesional usage is well and good for business personal, with the applications and also camera is pretty decent and product is not bad.
Purchased this phone for my wife but not at all satisfied with the product. I myself have a Nokia Lumia 920 and I jus love it. However, I felt 620 was a put off. Anyways, opinions may differ from people to people, and I am not saying the phone is bad. Its just that I dint find the phone that compatible as compared to its counterpart 920.
The phones good and the service from flipkart was excellent and super fast.It reache to me within 2 days.
LUMIA presents a refreshing and great new OS and it will surely be a new experience but you can get along in some 6-8 hrs of use. The phone's display is great and it has all the features of a great smartphone with NFC. The expandable memory is nice. I've put up 16GB MicroSD Card and there is no problem at all. The native browser works very well and will surely surprise you. The biggest advantage apart from all the wonderful features is MS OFFICE and all the syncing features.
Please please please dont ever buy a Lumia phone if you are utility minded. I have a Nokia Lumia 620 and would say the worst phone i ever bought since my first Nokia 5310 10 years ago. If you like to carry something fancy, OK, you could go for it. If you want to use it as a phone of convenience please stay far away from it. Wifi connection problems No Ringer profiles (the ones that are, take 3 touches to change) None of the menu items are sorted. You will have to swipe through the entire menu if you have to change a specific setting. Speaker quality not so good. The touch is so sensitive that even a little sweat or moisture on it, will not make the screen work. You have to carry a tissue always with you :( Absolutely no ease of use. you have to spend minutes just to save a contact. Battery back up is very bad. You better have it connected always to a charger. Resale value is sooooooo bad. I tried to sell this 3 month old phone and there was no buyer to take it. Even if i got one, they asked it for not more than 5K
Pros: Great for Gaming Wide app store with lots of great apps Very fine touch Overall very good Nice audio quality on calls Cons: Primary Camera not quick in capturing,at such a price phone i expect it to be instantaneous, Also not satisfied with photo quality Secondary camera is great for video calling via skype Greatest missing is that does not have an inbuilt video calling facility Also we cannot browse file system No free app to record calls Battery performance good in standby mode but lasts only 3-3.5 hours when playing high graphics games So please make a wise choice based on you requirements
HI, i bough it in the month of MAY 2013, for 14,500 INR it is almost 10 Months i am using very comfortably. + ve: 1. Ruf n tuf use (Y) 2. Good battery backup (If u use many applications, i cant say. with optimum applications and use u will get one day battery backup), If u switch off internet and Wi-Fi, in power saving mode u will get 1.5 days For smart phones one cant expect this much also 3. Easy and convenient to put in Jeans pants pockets :P 4. Net connectivity is good 5. NOKIA HERE services are awesome 6. Lumia BLACK Updated. 7. Nice store to download and install new available applications 8. Cam Quality is awesome 9. Till no NO PROBLEM etc.,etc.. - ve: 1. Sometimes lock screens struck while receiving calls (it can b resolved by lock and unlocking screen with out missing calls :-)) 2. Difficult to access ur SD-CARD while connected to LINUX machine. 3. very rarely stuck 4. (Limited applications to Windows phone, it is not NOKIA problem) NOW.. FLIPKART 1. Service is awesome, Genuine products, Received in 1.5 days Thanks to flipkart 2. Nice packing and Easy billing available in emails. No need to preserve bills for future purpose if required
Much much more better than Andoid , I can say :) EMI option helped me to take :p Never the less I believe Nokia , and what ever may happen I will use Nokia brand only hence this 620. Hapiierrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
fone is ok...according to price. Flipkarts service is good. has been using this phone for sumtym.cannot be compared with android phones
really good and awesome.............and v.good service from the shipper WS retail...................quality of the product is v.good and operating system is very fast.............
Good product. Happy with it. Quite robust and user friendly. Internet connectivity, mobile network, games and graphics are very good.
Hi, I been using a android phone but almost everyday i get patch update,.. but windows in that matter pretty stable, my android phone hangs when i access office mail thru WIFI but lumia 620 is not that more over the , battery last aleast for 24hrs even i enable the 3G. My old android phone charge last upto ony 4 - 8 hours if i enable the data service.
good but while using it got hang. this phone does not support app for call recording this is the basic app.
After using the phone for more than a year, I must say this phone really is worth every penny. Everything works perfect (maps, camera, voice commands etc etc). Used to hang earlier but now it doesn't after the latest update. Much more features and apps have been added since last year. Windows mobile has now enough apps needed for day to day usage. Also, some xbox games are there. And last but not the least, this phone has been really lucky for me. Won a trip to Barcelona to see MESSI play live back in May. OH YEAH !!! Good choice to select Windows/Nokia over Android/Samsung.
I got my 620 for 11200 and I've been using it since the past 2.5 months now. The lives up to all its promises. For all those folks worrying about its 512mb ram, trust me its enough for a windows platform phone
I am using this product and its performance is very impressive and fast and its the best you can get on this reasonable price of rs 11599!!.....
I have always used Nokia phones, starting from the first one in 2004 till now. Earlier quality of Nokia was very good, they worked without hassle and lasted for ever no matter how roughly you use. With the same confidence of previous Nokia phones, I bought this one. Well, the OS of Windows Phone 8 is a let down as has huge problems with managing internal memory. It fills up with don't know what and one cannot do anything about it. My phone has only about 100 MB of available memory. Of total 8 GB, 5 GB is occupied by Others which one cannot see or erase. It adversely limits the number of podcasts I can download on the phone. The other related problem is WP8 doesn't allow podcasts to be saved on SD card. It has nothing which can be called a proper media player. It makes innumerable copies of songs stored on SD card, every time it restarts. If you delete any one copy, the other 40 copies song will not play. Build quality is very poor. The battery doesn't snugly fits into the slot and at a little jerk causes the phone to switch off. It is extremely annoying as every time I pull out the phone from pocket to call, its off and I have to switch it on again. The volume down button broke in 10 months. After using it for over an year, my verdict will be to not recommend this phone to anyone one. Its a total disappointment. Microsoft has lot to do to bring its WP8 to any decent standard and Nokia has to rediscover its capability to make good quality phones.
For me Lumia 620-Amber updated is a good phone to buy for your wife (as I have gifted). I would just share what I actually face the problem. But all in all the phone is worth buying. 1. Lets suppose your ringing volume is set on (20/30 - 30 is the loudest scale), when you start playing the music it will start on 20th scale. you can increase or decrease level. But sometimes adjusting the sound level doesn't happens. Till today I face this problem. 2. I feel the file explorer (as in android market) is not showing all the files which I could access. Windows has made some security restriction in the software itself.
I had iphone 3S, used it 3 yrs without even a single issue. 1 week back bot my new lumia 620, it has a nice look. Clear screen, MS office , a flash dats all it has with it. you can count the step to make a call. very difficult to find a contact. Maps wont load all the times. Browsers some time take longer time to load google maps, this realy make me angry. app closing is a task for us,huh. i have around 30 apps, realy difficult to find it. It has apps to manage file. takes much time open a folder from sd card. Apps are also limited. I didnt see VPN till now. User frndliness :6/10 for 620 when compaire to iphone 3S Brand new lumia 620 not much as great as Old iphone - 3S. Speaker comes with Lumia realy rocks than any Iphones, also the Music library , free downloads doing great Jobs. thumbs up!!
I gifted it to my friend one month ago, he likes to very much phone performance is very very good. flipkart rocks rackzzs with fast delivery in a day.
Yup ! I agree great features like Dolby audio,windows 8 n stuff which might tempt u to own it but within 3-4 months bang !! the software broke down and the phone was totally shut down . I could not access it and when I gave it to the Nokia care store the guy kept it with him for a week and later lied to me that he had sent to the recently shifted Nokia head office which is in Chennai . After 1 & half month he revealed that he had broke the battery pin and he would not give me any replacement too! My dad had mailed the situation to the Nokia forum but I am 90% likely to not get it back . If u think I am the ONLY exception to having a wonderful experience with this phone go ahead and test your luck !
Awesome device with good display and touch most of apps and games are supported This lumia got 5mp camera if u taking some picture u will notice the contrast level was very good.
the phone is quite fluid..but the windows phone os is still far behind the ios and android in terms of ulitility apps and game....hardware is decent but the white back cover becomes dirty just after using it for a week...it catches yellow patches which are impossible to remove...i suggest buyers to avoid buying lumia family with white back covers..
Hi All I always believe in posting reviews after using the product for a long time. I have purchased this mobile 7 months back. Over the period of time my feeling towards this phone is mixed. Month 1 and 2: I was all exited about the new phone and I have kept my loyalty to Nokia ( I was having N78 earlier) the Windows Phone OS was a fresh thing for me, I was learning the tips and tricks. I had experienced a average call quality, the phone used to last a day and a half. Nokia maps, city lens and other nokia apps was very helpful. Months 3,4 and 5: I have seen the evolution of apps in Windows store, lot of apps and games got added (temple run, hill climb, insta beta, hdfc, book my show etc..,) The phone is still durable not even a single scratch even I carelessly use it. I have not put any scratch guard or back casing. The call clarity got deteriorating ( I have nice quality when I switch to Sony xperia). Then it all started, the phone "hangs " sudden reboots. When I receive a call I cannot answer it instantly, I had to lock the screen and unlock and then swipe, initial swipe will not work. Meanwhile the amber update was available. The glance option works perfect. However the basic function ie., call quality was a big disappointment. Months 6 and 7 : The mobile still looks wonderful, color has not shaded no scratches, survived many falls. The body is excellent and my phone is still plagued with reboots and poor call quality. Eagerly waiting for black update. Prons: 1. Excellent Durability 2. Value for money. 3. OS is smooth as butter no logs there. 4. Nokia apps (music, maps, city lens, bing health etc.,) 5.Good cam (only in nice bright condition) 6. WIndows store do not contain spams and adult content, safe to give to kids Cons: 1. Frequent reboots. (biggest concern) 2. Poor call quality. 3. No good video/music player (cant swipe through the songs) 4. Unavailability of new apps
I was in confusion to order phone online. But I dared & I got a good phone. Still there is no problem faced. Delievry was also prompt.
I bought this mobile one month back thro Flip-kart .This is mobile with just hype. Battery back up average , No FM. User comport-ability is average . Camera poor . for flash only i gave 5k extra. very bad. Not worth to go for it . MY TRUST ON NOKIA RUINED.......
bought it from the nokia priority centre, and i'm the happiest person to have a wonderful gadget with me. This mobile totally outclasses all the other devices of its range. best to go for it. simply an awesome device
However an excellent phone from nokia ( coming back to nokia after 6 years as i use to be die hard apple hard fan) Camrea is good, applications run seemless no glitches, colour and screen clear and crisp... Would have given it 5 star if it has got notifications window on the top...and other shortcuts from bottom...like IOS7.
Nokia lumia 620,the beautiful handset with immense features,it is designed for single hand use,i can use it with single handed easily.Its camera 5 MP has good clarity compare with old models of nokia having 8 or 12 MP,it is very fast and windows os is awfull.
I'm using Samsung galaxy y duos for 2 yrs. I tried this phone, to get windows interface and thought it will be more easier and stable than android. But these are my +pros,-cons,~opinion: -In Android we got as many as Home screens and Menu screens. But in Windows we got only 1 Tile screen and 1 Menu screen. It is very difficult to point to each menu item. For eg:- for switching wifi/bt you need to go all the way down to menu/settings/bt/on. No inbuilt shortcut and we can't tile all the sub-menus!!! -In Android search button is used at the current app. But in windows it will always open Bing. If your network is off, you don't need this button at all -In Android, we can hold the notification till we execute on it. But in Win, once we open the tile notification, it is lost. We need to clear the task immediately. ~I don't know how Win is improved on stability and memory leakage issue of android I think Windows OS needs to improve a lot. Till that, please go with some good Android phone. Otherwise, the experience will be worst than old java phones. Please google the feature comparison between Android and Win. Even I see in news that Nokia is planned to launch Android phone. Yes, Nokia also studied. Why don't you !!!
Its is good & best one to buy. camera quality is good. performance is good. flipkart giving the best service. nokia always stands out in the quality.
Best phone, does more than what expected and best of all fits in Budget. Happy and Proud of my Phone. Go Buy it
The Nokia Lumia phone is a compact and rather attractive phone. Not a fan of huge,oversized phones in general, this phone fits nicely into your hand and pocket. The Windows UI is fabulous, functional and easy to get used to. It comes with the Nokia MixRadio app, a fantastic app which allows you to legally download unlimited songs of various types, from classics like Johnny Cash to new kids like Justin Bieber, and all the latest Bollywood chartbusters. The app also offers curated mixes which is an excellent way to discover new music. This in itself was one of the main reasons I got this phone. For those who say that Android has more apps, I would say that the Windows Marketplace is growing rapidly with lots of great apps already available and coming, all of which adhere to MS guidelines. And honestly, how many apps does one man need ? One problem i faced within two months was the charging port, which just stopped working. However, it was repaired and returned to me within a week by NokiaCare (with a few scratches!). Also, the phone has a tendency to simply freeze now and then, sometimes during a call. But overall, a good product which will keep you happy for a long time.
The phone is very easy to use and you will learn to use it under 5 mins . Now for the pros and cons PROS : 1) Great build and desight 2) great and stunning display for the price , almost as an amoled as the viewing angles are quite large compared to any android phones 3) performance is butter smooth. 4) multitasking may be a bit issue but you can get used to it. 5) people who do a lot of sharing ( get their music files / videos / any other content ) from their friends via bluetooth may be a bit disappointed by the sharing features but if u got no problem in downloading the same file over the internet , it wont be an issue to you. 6) many people complain about the battery life , yes it does suck for the first 2 weeks but later it shows it real power . On day 1 the battery went from 100 - 0 % in 5 hours . But after some full drain test it went pretty good giving me an average of 2 days with low - moderate usage and 26 hours with med - high usage. In the med - high usage , the benchmarks used were an hour of phone calls , 5 - 6 text messages , 30 mins of web browsing , an hour of facebook and whatsapp , 3 hours of no stop video playback and 20 - 30 mins of videogames. cons : Cant make me a sandwich. So for anyone willing to buy a first smartphone , who can afford an iphone or wants a simple phone with no requiremet of any fancy apps , just the basic good apps or just wants to be distinguished from the massive android market , go for it. And by the way the app store has come a long way since 2010 , most basic apps are there and rising so you wont find anytroubles . The win phone 8.1 will definitly increase the app store. There is no doubt that with a few more changes windows phone will definitely come to par with android and ios , maybe even defeat it. Most of my friends have also switched to lumia after the lagging android , you must do to. And if you thinking of buying moto g over this , you cant compare both of them , both are great in their own ways , but when money and usability is concerned , go for lumia. Thanks
choose this one among hundreds of other cells having price tag from 8k to 16k. n believe me, no other cell ever made me to think that is lumia 620 better than that or not. since i m not a radio lover ( when 8+16GB memory is with you, still you r dying for songs on radio ), not even a single issue i found in it. Seriously there is no lag as the dual core easily handles all apps. The available ram is also enough. Also the camera is one of the best i have seen in this range. Moreover the office 365 is the best you will get. Android os doesnt even come closer to lumia 620 in regard of business features and ui performance. his is the best smart phone in this class & price range. Phone build quality is excellent, though its not uni body. Changing the colors is so refreshing. Camera is terrific even if it doesn't have Carl Zeiss lens. Front camera is good too. Good touch interface & very smooth. Windows Mobile 8 is sexy & joy to use on this device. All the Nokia apps are great like maps, drive, citilens, smartshoot to name a few. Some useless apps available in android & ios are not available here but who cares about useless apps. Best phone one can get at this price. Just go for it.
Best phone for someone who wants a very basic windows smart phone. The feel is definitely a welcome change over Android, but in any case, windows cannot beat Android in terms of popularity. I love 1. Nice sleek feel 2. Smooth and clean screen, readability is amazing. 3. Options like Dolby Sound which is really impressive 4. Nokia Maps Drawbacks 1. Whatsapp work's terribly on this one, just like any windows phone. 2. Applications like Youtube Downloader, any sound recording application store the files in the phone memory, and there is no straightforward way of retrieving them. You can use SkyDrive, but that is simply complicating a simple thing.
I have an iPhone4, a Blackberry (which I exchanged) and a Samsung (which I exchanged for another Nokia). All I can say is after 15 years of avoiding Nokia phones because I didnt like the user interface, I am escatic with my purchase. Now 3 people in my family have the same phone and about 3 other colleagues also converted to the same series.
THE PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD, WITH VERY GOOD AND LONG BATTERY BACKUP. VERY GOOD DESIGN AND THE TOUCH IS SUPER SENSITIVE. AFTER UPDATION OF THE OS THE PHONES GIVES NEW AMAZING FEATURES
A great phone at this price point. Nokia music store, HERE maps, Windows store never disappoint. Camera apps are just great. Battery lasts for at least one and a half days. You've got apps for everything. Believe me, this is much better than any android at this price point. But the earphones given are not up to the mark.
excellent features, excellent delivery by flipkart. since about 6 months i am using this phone .. i am so attached with the phone that i am not willing to change the mobile as i use a mobile less than a year.... read the specifications from the gsmarena website.. if u want to have a smooth phone for your daily use without any lag on the software u can get this one .. i was astonished as it has only 512 mb ram but runs smooth and perfect i prefer 620 than 625
The display of this phone is the very best at its price segment. Windows Phone's UI looks amazing on this screen and the processor is enough to power through the light OS. Windows Phone Marketplace is rich enough for most of the users. Simply a cute looking phone with a fresh looking OS. Even after using it for one year this phone stills feels fresh for me. The only let down of this phone is it's low capacity battery. It has enough juice to last thorough the day with moderate usage but anything more than that requires a charge or two.
I have used iOS and androids before, this time I want to experiment windows, and surely this win OS has one of the best user interface till date. No lags, everything is awesome. No regrets of purchasing this phone. Only battery part is where this phone lacks, but still the price at which it is, no complaints. Application store has almost all the apps which you need. The difference is that androids have many apps of the same kind and thus have large number, while in windows you have all genuine apps with no repetition. I have purchased this phone outside flipkart since i wanna exchange my old android phone with this. Will recommend everyone to purchase windows os phone.
Flipkart delivered this next day.. OMG so fast... product is good. but i find android is better than windows or may be i'm habitual for android... however.. my wife is using this one.. n no complain.. till date... FLIPKART ROCKS...
This phone is having wonderful features. I am amazing about windows OS. Touch has working very smoothly. After the long time back I like Nokia mobile. Few apps are not available in here. I think it is yet to publish. Over all I am very happy to buy this. I bought wonderful mobile for 12300/-.
second windows phone in my house after 720, now doubt lumia rocks, intially you feel like the battery is not giving you backup . charge on direct power supply and not usb. great product, great service from both flipkart as well as ws seller.
I like everything about it, but I wish it had been as big as the new Nokia Lumia 525. I got it through an exchange offer for a very reasonable price, but I think they have released many newer and bigger lumia models now.
i am a regular buyer from flipkart. i ordered this phone to gift to a friend who was leaving in 2 days. I used the in a day guarantee, however by the time my order got completed, it was 6:03PM. I called in Flipkart to see if they can deliver the product the next day but i didnt get proper response. they kept saying that i need to order before 6PM as the supplier starts packaging after that time so they dont take any more requests.. It was hard to understand how a 3 minute delay could impact the next day delivery. So i got the phone after 2 days. As per the phone, its a great product. I have been using the windows phone since wp7 days so i can say that this is the best OS for anyone who doesnt want to get lost in the sea of icons. If you are phone enthusiast, go for Lumia. the higher models are even better but this too beats down the samsung galaxies in the same range hands down. 5 star for the phone,. 2 star for flipkart this time.
no worries!! go for it! first time wen i used it , got hang ! n after dat i tried 4 an update.. n now its running smoothly.. so wen it got hang , dont b sad,... just update it!!
This is really very solid and beautiful design by Nokia. OS is really very good with minimalist usage of hardware and integration is awesome. Cyan color with curved adages are very good combination. I have been using this since 5 months and not at all bad happened to this. Delivery took more time than it promised by flipkart but for this it was worth.
Battery depletes quickly if using gprs via 2G/3G - 6hrs. Whereas through WiFi it can handle more than 1 day medium usage. Few calls some whatsapp some FB and i got a record battery life of 3 days :D Watch out for supersensitive touch screen, if it gets wet, you have to wipe the water off, or else it stays confused. This happens in light rain and when using phone with wet hands.
For the price + plus screen camera flash windows the interface is totally new a refreshing colors and fonts nice one. -minus apps memory no radio seriously whats wrong with Nokai. overall a good phone if ur not a mad about apps updating to my above review i will just make it simple dont buy this. memory kills and all songs saved in memory card a mirror image is created in phone memory or else doesnt play hence my phone memory i full just like that.
Windows phone rocks, been using Android phone for quite sometime and can safely say Win phone with 1GHZ dual core, 512 RAM better than 1.2 GHZ quadcore 1GB ram Android in terms performance!! They're only lacking in apps market!!! Hope that barrier will be matched soon!! Fully satisfied with the product. Thanks Nokia and Flipcart!!
NOKIA IS NOKIA. MY SEARCH FOR A SMART PHONE ENDS HERE. SUPERB PERFORMANCE/SUPER CAMERA. CAN DOWNLOAD ANY FILE. INTERNET IS SUPERB. WIFI IS SUPERB.
This is the best smart phone in this class & price range. Obviously Nokia is best in build quality . Changing the colors is so refreshing. I like the packing of the product, faster delivery and the customer care response. Best phone one can get at this price .
Turning off bluetooth, wifi and location-tracking after going into settings, when you are not using these features will increase battery life even more. Also check brightness levels of the screen if it is too much than necessary and reduce the brightness if it is too much.
The proximity sensors are not working in the item delivered to me. There is frequent call drops as the screen doesnt gets switched off when kept near the ear's and skin comes into contact with the screen.
Really great camera... never felt like 5mp, easy to click some great shots on ur way when u may not have a digital cam. Dont expect zoom quality. Nokia again proves its good build quality. Ringer volume & media player volume are linked... if u increase one the other also increases.. it cant vibrate & ring together... either one.. u have to chose... Music player doesnt allow to create playlist as we find in android, its bit irritating.
Good product!! Better updates from Windows is making it better!! Battery life is a concern!! Otherwise no complaints!!
This is a very good Windows Phone at a given budget. bought this to be able to do skype calls using front camera. It works good. Pros: . Nice build quality . Easy to hold in one hand . Fast and easy apps . UI is smooth and touch is very good . Large number of utility apps . Battery has good life this is not exhaustive list of Pros. But, it is definitely much better phone than others in the same range. Cons: . Google Chat is missing (for me this is very imp) . Unable to take the calls when it freezes occasionally . headphone jack has some problem I would strongly recommend this product.
PROS: ---------- 1) Relatively less expensive 2) Flash is awesome 3) Loads of fresh apps. CONS: ---------- 1) No Gorilla Glass :( 2) Less Internal Memory :( 3) Camera Clarity could have been better compared to other lumia's :( FAR better than Lumia 520 in all domains (not just FLASH and FRONT-CAM).
I had bought this L620 in march 2013 just after 2 weeks of release in India. It is just the best phone from Nokia in the range of 15k. even though I now own Sony Xperia L, i feel 620 was much much smooth on a 512mb ram compared to the 1gb ram on XL. The display of the phone is comparitively much better in sunlight(NBD). I had to buy the XL since the phone screen was crashed. and replacement was 4k for the display. If it was a CGG2, it would have been better. Now with amber update, WP8 device rocks. Anyways, its good to have a WP8 device in this range rather than the low end androids Lava/MMX and cheap chinese android phones!
Even after having not so good reviews of windows phone i thought of giving this a try and I am glad that I tried this. :) Pros 1. Camera features provided are superb. Inspite of 5MP camera, images captured are good. 2. Almost all the android like apps available in Nokia store, so apps is not an issue as highlighted by many people before. Less than android but quite a vast variety of apps. 3. Nokia Music is amazing, all the latest/old/genre songs are available and that too lifetime free. 4. Amazing touch responsiveness. 5. Look and feel is superb. 6. Call quality is good. 7. There is no lag in games such as temple run 1 or rail rush so good for gaming as well, but it would drain battery faster. 8. Last but not least Sunlight readability is awesome. Now all good things come with some flaws. Cons: 1. Battery life is around 12-14 hours but thats what you expect from 1300, Nokia should have kept this in mind. :( But it also gets charged quickly so not a show stopper. 2. Some times when multitasking is performed, which is kind of OK but should have given a thought. 3. The headphones which come with the phone don't have a call answering button so people like me who are used to picking the calls with handsfree would have an issue because everytime you have to pick a call you have to do it via phone only, I am trying to figure out alternative but as of now I am using a differen headset which has the button and is compatable with this phone. Conclusion: At this price this is the best smart phone, so just go for it if you can live the above cons.
typical touchscreen problem..the display broke with just one fall from about 1 meter :) my mistake ofcourse..but was expecting a tough product from nokia. the display costs INR 5000.. very satisfied with flipkart service and the product functions as such..
Microsoft is going to be micro soon for they brought windows 8 to fight Android ? This is a very well built phone with only 3 good features to speak about 1. Awesome Voice Clarify - No samsung/android phone can match it . not even older nokia N97 etc. 2. Awesome Navigation - I was in a flight and for fun i swtiched on the GPS and the navigation was working at 30000 Feet !!!! 3. Decent Camera - The camera is really good compared to many androids and the dedicated camera key makes it easy to use ! Rest everything about this phone is BuLLSHIT !!!!
CAN'T MOVE FILES FROM COMP TO MY MOBILE . PLEASE HELP .THIS PHONE IS CERTAINLY NOT THE BEST . PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS PHONE . IF U CAN AFFORD NOKIA LUMINA 720 , BUY THAT . CAMERA IS TOOO BAD . APPS ARE INTERESTING . INTERFACE IS SMOOOTH . BUT DUE TO THIS KIND OF MAJOR PROBLEMS THAT I AM FACING , THIS PHONE IS CERTAINLY NOT THE BEST . FINALLY ANDROID IS MUCH BETTER THAN WINDOWS (BY EXPERIENCE ) (OWNER OF SONY EXPERIA L WHICH IS MUCH BETTER THAN NOKIA LUMINA 620)
problems i have with this phone(was an iOS user earlier) 1. Touch is too sensitive. Even fabric sensitive 2. Touch becomes non responsive every now and then, specially after you end a call. You need to replace battery 3. Even when you fingers have a little sweat or moisture touch will go haywire. 4. The head phone jack has some problems. 3.5mm jack doesnt go in full 5. It is too loud. 6. Vibration is poor. You dont feel it, when inside your denims. 7. The buttons are ill placed. and the list will not end if I keep on going
Only one word - Total value for money product...If you wanna own a smart phone under 15k , there it is man...go for it ... Am enjoying . No doubt about that.. And about MS OS , it is the elegance that has brought in...I love it , easy to handle and use..Kudos to every bit of it ... and Flipkart , you are already a champ dude... Cheers!!
Phone is really good. Battery comes for more than a day even with WiFi turned on always. Camera is good with lights. In dark places it is not good. Sound is also good. I didn't like the nokia headphone. Tried Seenheiser. Music player is a pain. Sometimes phone gets strucked
Am using the pnhone for the last 10 months. while talking on the phone for 2 minutes, the phone turns into a hot potato. This is a serious issue with Nokia 620.
Excellent phone by Nokia, i think nokia can beat all droids. Superb performance and also nokia store has plently of applications so, no need to worry about apps. Display clarity is very good and sound too. But the supplied earphones are pretty ok but if you choose premium headsets it would be perfectly fine.
Hi, I bought LUMIA 620 three months back. Now speaker is not working. Iam unable to use phone without Earphones. without Earphones, People not able to listen my voice and iam not able to listen their voice. Also not satisfied by performance. Hanging many times. And OS also not user friendly. I feel the worst phone in lumia series.
friends Nokia is my fav brand but this model is not like mostly battery backup is very very low and flipkart delivery is fast
Hi Frnds, Nokia Lumia 620. Its really a best mid-range budget mobile. Previously i was using Samsung Android mobile and that was hang/stuck often... I bought this Lumia 620 on flipkart. And the mobile is really attractive. The display and camera clarity (Front Cam is also enough for video calling - to skype etc...) are impressive. Touch is amazing...The windows 8 OS is really awesome... still now my mobile never hanged... The WP8 tiles are so nice. We can change what we want. Windows OS is really better than android OS. People telling that android OS having many apps. But however you are not going to use all those lakhs of apps. Windows Store is also having enough apps to use and it will never hang. Battery backup is enough. If your budget is upto 15K... you can go for Lumia 620 without any confusion.... I assure you that if you started using Windows OS then you will never ever touch other OS.... Thanks for Flipkart Service... and my humble request is you (Flipkart) have to do this service and keep your Rank always...
I had a Sony Xperia and this one sucks in comparison to the simplicity of Sony. I liked Nokia. as my past (before smartphone era) phones were sturdy, but Windows and Nokia are in todays world are like Ambassador cars compared to Toyota or Suzuki. The phone hangs up countless times. Whatsapp is a pain to use on this phone. And you cant send short videos on whattsapp which you have shot. The camera is crap and has a white haze in the pics. I made a bad choice by not going for a Sony Xperia or Samsung...maybe you can too ;-). The only good thing is the screen and clarity.
I bought this phone over Flipkart. Its nothing new about Flipkart that there service is superb and unmatched till now for me. I had purchased nearly ten products from them. This time too ! there service was excellent. Now about the phone. Of course ! Its a Nokia& nothing to say more. Still I personally feel some pros and cons: Pros:- 1. Clear black display. 2. Good battery back up despite mere 1300mA 3. Front cam for Skype and works absolutely good while on 3G network 4. No lagging unlike Android phones. Cons:- 1. A bit more expensive. I bought it at 14230/- bucks. 2. Screen size is just 3.8 inch. 3. Microsoft Windows restrictions a big hurdle in apps/file sharing business. 4. File explorer non-exists, its the biggest draw back I feel.
after 6 months of purchasing this mobile the charging socket of mobile is not working properly. the shortcut keys need more pressure to use. not satisfied at all.
poor battery and not work smoothly during calling or data surfing only the camra quality is very good looking is also good but beside android mobile the installed apps so less and on nokia store maximum apps are in cost not so free as like on google play
The phone is having very good look. Cyan color is awesome. Performance wise there is no doubt. 512 MB RAM is good enough for windows phone, compared to Android phones.
Lumia brought Nokia back to Business and this is visible in every Lumia Handset. Strong Build Quality. Great Touch.
lumia 620 is a nice,neat windows phone with low budget...The main advantage is, its 5 Mp camera with flash..its very good even at low light ..Front camera is also ok...The sound clarity is better.The problem comes only in the case of battery..battery life is very poor in 620..We cant use more than a day with one full charging of the battery..Although, we wiill get almost 18 hrs battery life if we r not using so much of internet and games..
I lost my iphone this february, and after a few months of being utterly confused, I settled for the Nokia Lumia 620. I didnt want to go into the crazy app centric OS'es and phones , so I chose the WP8 because it had all the essentials (twitter/ whatsapp etc), the UI looked refreshingly good and lastly because Nokia phones generally having decent build quality. THE GOOD : It has whatever you need from a phone and is a nifty size. For people who use the phone for calls / emails and a few social networking apps like fb/ twitter etc this is up to the mark. I quite like the UI, though sometimes it feels a bit regressive functionally. Here Maps. This feature justifies 80% of the lumias cost. You can go to any place on the planet, download a country map and navigate without phone connectivity or internet. I used it in Indonesia and tribal villages in Andhra and was quite amazed by the the detail to which it can track places. THE BAD: The camera is strictly okay. If you want a cameraphone, then go higher up the lumia chain or just buy an iphone. Also considering MSFT has years of learning from the zune, the music player is just too bare bones. You cannot scrub through songs. And if that has been done intentionally, then its even more pissing off. THE UGLY : The most depressing thing about the phone are the physical side buttons. Which is weird because I thought if Nokia had figured anything from their years of experience in India, it was getting the hardware right. After making a near philosophical statement about buttonless phones with the amazing Nokia N9, they took a regressive step with the Lumia - The buttons have zero haptic feedback, are badly constructed and very delicate. Within a week of using the phone my volume buttons gave away and I had to get them fixed for a whopping 1200 rs because they are not covered under warranty. A month later my home button gave away, which means I cant access my phone screen - as the home button is the only way to access it. There are no loopholes to the hardware buttons (no touch based sound sliders, nothing ) so you HAVE to repair them if you want to use the damn phone. So there you have it, its quite a nifty phone, but the three side buttons have to be used very carefully and are prone to getting stuck/ falling into disrepair (I have heard similar complaints from friends using Lumias 620 and 720, so I am not being nitpicky or over-exaggerating at all). You can make the best phone, but if you cant access any features because of these jammy button controls, then the entire point is moot.
I lost my iphone this february, and after a few months of being utterly confused, I settled for the Nokia Lumia 620. I didnt want to go into the crazy app centric OS'es and phones , so I chose the WP8 because it had all the essentials (twitter/ whatsapp etc), the UI looked refreshingly good and lastly because Nokia phones generally having decent build quality. THE GOOD : It has whatever you need from a phone and is a nifty size. For people who use the phone for calls / emails and a few social networking apps like fb/ twitter etc this is up to the mark. I quite like the UI, though sometimes it feels a bit regressive functionally. The Here Maps feature justifies 80% of the lumias cost. You can go to any place on the planet, download a country map and navigate without phone connectivity or internet. I used it in Indonesia and tribal villages in Andhra and was quite amazed by the the detail to which it can track places. THE BAD: The camera is strictly okay. If you want a cameraphone, then go higher up the lumia chain or just buy an iphone. Also considering MSFT has years of learning from the zune, the music player is just too bare bones. You cannot scrub through songs. And if that has been done intentionally, then its even more pissing off. THE UGLY : The most depressing thing about the phone are the physical side buttons. Which is weird because I thought if Nokia had figured anything from their years of experience in India, it was getting the hardware right. After making a near philosophical statement about buttonless phones with the amazing Nokia N9, they took a regressive step with the Lumia - The buttons have zero haptic feedback, are badly constructed and very delicate. Within a week of using the phone my volume buttons gave away and I had to get them fixed for a whopping 1200 rs because they are not covered under warranty. A month later my home button gave away, which means I cant access my phone screen - as the home button is the only way to access it. There are no loopholes to the hardware buttons (no touch based sound sliders, nothing ) so you HAVE to repair them if you want to use the damn phone. So there you have it, its quite a nifty phone, but the three side buttons have to be used very carefully and are prone to getting stuck/ falling into disrepair (I have heard similar complaints from friends using Lumias 620 and 720, so I am not being nitpicky or over-exaggerating at all). You can make the best phone, but if you cant access any features because of these jammy button controls, then the entire point is moot.
Good Mobile as fact of size is very good (Mobile Size) . battery drains quick (1 day normal use )1300 mAh is not enough it should have at least 2600 mAh. nokia please improve the battery for which nokia is known...
a decent phone with balanced functionality.not recommended for games but O.S is smooth.if u want color and style and support for standard apps,go for it.
I ordered this phone on 16th July 2013 and the phone was in my hand on 19th July.. Hats off to the supply chain of Flipkart.com!!! Now let me come to the pros and cons of this phone after using it for approximately 5 months. Pros: 1) Excellent touch. I am pretty impressed by the touch sensitivity of this phone. But make sure if you are using screen guard go for mat finish screen guard. 2) No lagging in normal usage. But if you are a gamer.. Yes.. it does lag... 3) Camera quality is also good. But not good as in Sony xperia M which is in the market at similar price. 4) Nokia maps is my friend when i travel to new places as my job includes lots of travelling. 5) Variety of lens available for camera..which is very exciting. 6) Good battery backup. Battery last for not less than 10hrs. Cons: 1) Poor Operating system. Cannot find the files easily in windows phone. Android is excellent in this case. 2) Cannot send videos from your phone via whats app. 3) Do not have user friendly settings like android. 4) Lags a lot when you have a lengthy chat history in what app. 5) Very much dissappointed with the internet speed. Other phones are far better. 6) Cannot change the default search engine from bing. So to conclude.. I would rate this phone 6/10. I purchased this phone to try windows OS. But yes.. Android is good OS compared to windows. Nokia Lumia 620 is better than 520 because of its sleek design as it is comfortable to hold.
A good phone. Beat for people looking for windows platform under RS.12,000 . Used for 5 months still no problems faced.A fast processor good touch and very good for business.
You know nokia was famous for its hardware.Nokia produced the best hardware for a phone on this planet.The phones survived a hammer..They survived a drop from the 5th floor of a building. But this!! this is a complete disappointment, 2 months down the road the keys have stopped working.The software gets bricked every 1 month.So i have to go to nokia local store and fix it after waiting around for almost 1.5hours. Its just too much. I recommend you to buy a good samsung phone in this price range or put a extra 3000 and get a iphone4.Apple will provide you with support no one ever has.
The tags on the phone- Nokia, Microsoft and pre-installed apps from well known developers, one could easily get fascinated by all this. The live tile interface on WP8 platform may seem interesting but believe me, it gets boring with time. For the phone, the hardware is good enough to run WP8 without any lag what-so-ever. 512mb of RAM with 1Ghz processor delivers superb performance. 5MP camera takes decent photos(yes, only decent). I've seen 5MP resolution of some Xperia phones, they're definitely better. Many Nokia fans around here might disagree but it is the ground reality. Moreover, Nokia has been developing camera apps recently, none of them adds quality to the camera. Nokia has been probably emphasizing only on its camera lately instead of developing or contributing to improve WP8. Now coming to the OS, Windows Phone 8 might seem very fluid and all but it is still new in mobile OS area and so it lacks basic functions like a notification centre or multitasking for all apps. There are many other drawbacks which you'll know when using the phone, i can't point out all of them here. Overall, you want a change of taste, go for it but it can't replace or overcome Android phones of similar range from makers like Sony, Samsung and even Micromax in any aspect.
The OS is slick... but the app market is horrible when compared to the android and IOS market... If you want variety in apps don't go for this OS. Chose a phone with an Android OS instead
I have now used phones across platforms BB - good phone for office emails but otherwise outdated, i have not tested OS 10 IOS - probably the most complete OS with a great range of apps Android - Most versatile and customization WP - Smooth,minimalist, good OS for office use due to Office and Skype integration, has all the basic apps on Lumia 620, Pros: It is one of the best phones across platforms Nice design Practical Not laggy Good Multitasking abilities Good email configurations Excellent and fast browser Great camera lenses Secure and closed OS to a large extent but not rigid like IOS, good for office use Great Value for the price Cons: Camera, could have been better Battery - less for heavy use, moderate ok Hope it helps you in choosing your phone
FIRST OF ALL Y THE PERSON NOT HAVING PHONE IS ALLOWED TO HAVE THE REVIEW PUBLISHED. REPORTING WRONG REVIEWS JUST BY SEEING THE PHONE . I THINK THE ANDROID USER CANNOT TOLERATE THE POPULARITY OF LUMIA GROWING
Really surprised of the ratings for this phone my friend bought this phone 6months ago, he is still searching for compatible apps for this windows phones.. when compared to the other smartphones running on other OSes this phone doesn't contain so many features(I think the rating is for its performance related to hard ware). It limits the user from doing so many simple things starting from having a file manager to sharing a video...One cannot attach a file to the mail without having a proper app to open that file...this phone cannot do so many things a 5k android phone does.my rating is simply1*
Great Phone, and very good shipping, got in 2days. Great functionality and love to use Windows 8. Some apps are good to use and have a unique security functionality with Microsoft as well.
i bought this mobile a week ago. its a good product to use and i was happy with this mobile. the only disadv is battery back up. its poor for such a mobile
I recently purchased nokia lumia 620 thru FLIPKART.Service from flipkart is very excellent.I am very much disappointed about this product.This nokia model does't have FM radio.Updation is also not possible.Those who like to here FM radio.do;t select this model.
Too many problems, often hangs, many apps don't work well compared to Android Just not worth it.. my wife wants another one already!
Using very smoothly..screen is too gud.camera is also best..application support is best..look wise better..secondry camera is gud 4 video calling..specialy ram support is great in lumia 620...i am very happy with this phone..
I bought this product from flipkart and I'm very much satisfied with the cellphone! the phone has a brilliant display and a amazing black levels almost equivalent to AMOLED display. I also have a 720 but the display is far more better on 620. Now Pros, * Stunning display * Beautiful Design * Accurate Size of a phone (i don't consider 5" phablets to called phones) * Nokia Music Subscription for 6 months means unlimited DRM Protected songs download. * Windows Phone 8 (Amber) the most lag free Smartphone OS. * Amazing color options. * Customer support of Nokia (Best in Class in India). & Cons # Average battery Life # Not so great Camera (as expectations with lumia devices is much higher). # Unconventional Back Cover that need a bit of fighting to open and close. # Accessories please nokia provide a good headphones.. (for all nokia Lumia ).... Al last i would say if ur ok with WP8 and ur budget is around 12~15k go for this handset it won't be disappointing you..
First of all let me group up my points and let me make it clear and simple. Pros: Nice design and UI....any android user would definitely be attracted to it. The OS is more stable than android. Cons: The update feature WONT wok unless you have a highly stable connection or Wi-Fi is needed. Without update your phone is like dead coz Windows phone OS is new one and hence the number of bugs will be that much high that without updates and fixes your phone is just like a prototype. ALL apps of Windows mobile are highly space consuming. My phone memory got full within 1week and was not able to clear it too. Theres not even a single app that can help you manage memory,storage and even default download, new folder...etc. The nokia music player is the only one reliable and stable player which can play and download music. That too after 3 months the download is payed subscription.(I tried renewing and it was unsuccessful). There is no option to regroup your music from the phone like playlist. The overall feel of all music apps is the worst(My nokia music express was 100 times better than this). We-Chat doesnt work. (tried contacting we-chat manufactures, they said the new release would fix it and after that 3 release happened and still no luck). WhatsApp notification doesnt work and when highly loaded ie. high end usage on whatsapp makes even the phone hang. Most of the apps are still paid(Its been 9 months after i bot this phone). Over all the phone is waste as it has windows OS which needs ALOOOOOT more fixes and changes. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DONT BUY LUMIA PHONES.......
I am using this phone for almost a month.The OS windows 8 is basically developed for work purpose rathe than timepass.Till date the phone has never lagged while using multiple apps or while browsing internet.The phone sports some sober and cool in built apps.Camera and related apps are good.Battery life is satisfactory.It needs to charge twice a day with heavy usage.The built quality is also good.The best feature of this phone has to be the live tiles.You can easily customise the Live tiles screen with just a touch.If you are looking for a budget smart phone which is loaded with features then i would suggest you to go ahead with this phone.and it comes with d reliability of Nokia so go ahead and buy it.
Bought this smartphone on 6th October 2013, and using it to the full potential. Since many are confused between 620 and 520, I divide my reviews into various parameters, discussing its pros and cons, while comparing it with lumia 520(my friend owns one and I have done research too): 1. MYTH- Android is better than windows- I have operated android 2.1 éclair before my lumia & found win8 BETTER. Ridiculous it seems when people say android has more apps, c'mon do u have all the 10lakh apps on ur device? Windows store scores over google play in terms of Quality and better interface of most apps. It is also more strict on 3rd party apps policies, so you won't find WinPhone apps on net as u do for android- The Result- Windows has tested all the apps b4 adding them on store and you would find them secured and virus-free, much like iOS store apps. 2. Display- Lumia 620 has Gorilla glass(Wikipedia it) and you'll come to know its value. Automatically adjusts screen brightness according to your surrounding lighting conditions. Has sunlight-readability, so you don't need to strain your eyes over reading in bright sunlight. Comparing with lumia 520, 620 is better 10 times due to its deeper resolution, more pixels(even more than lumia 625)+there's no gorilla glass in lumia520. Compare them and you'll see stark difference in clarity- 620 scores much higher than 520 in display! Although windows lacks when it comes to themes- these are limited. Do you know glance feature?-Its awesome! Score-9.5/10 3.Sound: Dolby is synonymous with sound quality. You have these settings in 620. Lumia 520 doesn't offers it. FRUSTATING- You don't have separate volume controls for ringtone, games sounds and audio files, a feature lacking in windows8 not in this phone. Score:6.5/10 4.Camera: Auto-focus 5 MP camera is much like that you would find in 520. But 520 lacks flash and front camera. Well, I'm Disappointed with front facing camera. So if You value flash, 620 is your choice, otherwise camera's d same in both.Score-8/10 5.Touch: Feather-smooth, highly sensitive. score-9/10. 6. Processing Speed- 5 tasks in 1 minute is a hype when we talk of lumia 520. 620 has better processing speed than 520- play temple run and you'll know the difference. Score-7.5/10. 7. The Ease of Syncing and Microsoft services: If you have windows 8 on pc or laptop, you will find syncing ur account and stuff damn easier. Skydrive- If you have used file history feature in pc, you'll find win7 file recovery better coz file history is merely updating ur files, and not creating system image. But Microsoft overcame this shortcoming with Skydrive- online account for uploading files. Though it lacks storage capacity (8 Gb available), but you can upload important stuff and access it any where from ur phone. PEOPLE App- Powerful app with 50 million users around the world, with this app you can sync upto 10 accounts and ur updates are in 1 place when phone is synced. No need to open facebook every time, you can see notifications and do almost everything in people app without opening facebook. But Disappointed when it comes to seeing who have liked ur status or photos on fb, people app cannot show their names. Also chat is possible with messaging, so u don't need extra Windows Messenger. Mutiplaying is wonderful with Xbox live games and also don't forget MS office (though you can only view file, not create them). Score-8/10 8. Miscellaneous features- NFC, Nokia music free for 6 months, HERE CITY LENS and other HERE Navigation apps (520 DOES'NT have compass), cinemagraph and photobeamer. So despite some shortcomings, it's a powerful device and totally worth the money spent.
FM is missing...!! rest is good choice in less cost.. paisa wasool , i wish users purchase it and use a good os as same we have in expensive mobiles.
Lovely phone it is!!! It is very handy most importantly.. Tiles: I am very much in love with them Apps may be less but quality of the existing apps are great!! Nokia offline maps are really awesome!! The only thing it lacks is powerful battery!!!
Due to all the ongoing Diwali 2013 offers, I was able to get me these phones for a mere sum of Rs 8800. A perfect gift for wife, though she was an android user for last 2-3 years, she has had no problem adjusting to this new interface, and she is a big music lover, so that Nokia offer of free Nokia Music for lifetime came as big plus and nice surprise. The speakers are very nice, so music when played from phone directly also is very pleasing. We just have a couple of complaints with the OS and applications, and believe that is because of the comparatively low maturity levels of this OS, but nothing that puts on off. The battery life is decent and if hooked on to Wifi instead of 2G/3G lasts upto 1.5 days. The camera is decent but not as great as on my HTC Desire X
Processing speed is very good even if you keep 3-5 applications open. But symbian or android phones are having some other common features e.g- usb mass storage device mode, only 3g or only 2g mode network operation, etc not found.
We purchased this phone last month, initially we find it difficult to use this phone, reason being the SIM slot is not easily accessible and you may have to be careful when you insert the SIM and make sure the slot got locked properly. OS may not be user friendly for users who tend to use Windows mobile first time. One important issue we facing in this mobile is sometimes we are not able to answer a call since it get struct / hang and we have to wait until the call complete to redial the caller. Unlike iphone we dont have alternative to attend the call since we have to use the touch screen to answer it.
i am very much satisfied with Nokia Lumia 620. Apart from that Nokia Amber update added so many new features like Block sms call.flip the screen .touch sensitivity and Glance Time display..Those who are planning to purchase you can opt this one
Writing a review after 2 months of usage. I have been using this phone for more than 2 months and i didn't find any problem with this phone. Though the phone restarted 3 to 4 times but wasn't a big issue. Now coming to the phone. It has a clear black display which is awesome. The primary camera is just 5 mp but gives decent quality images (There are various apps available which enhance the quality and can apply some cool effects to your images) and the video recording is just awesome. I recorded a video and watched it on 50 inch led screen and the video was pretty nice. The best thing is the colors which are enough to be recognized by someone that it is a Lumia device especially with the colors like yellow and lime green. The processor is more than enough to run your phone buttery smooth. As far as ram is concerned it has only 512 mb ram which can play high graphics game without any lags. The os is really nice and i am sure that Microsoft will further develop it and take it to the next level. Just keep your trust in nokia as well as Microsoft. CONCLUSION : If you want some great processing and graphics with certain limitations and restrictions than definitely go for Lumia. If you wanna be those common android users for whom os is the only thing that matters than go for any android phone.
The Main reasons are 1)THIS PHONE DON'T HAVE ANY FILE MANAGER!!!,Microsoft even doesn't allow Third-Party apps to have access to its memory :(.(There are some apps but they cannot access to music file / video files) 2)Regarding Bluetooth:i)You cannot share files with windows phone don't recognize,even it file is recevied is gets dumped into temporary memory.(even .zip files).ii)Video files shared by bluetooth DONT GO IN VIDEOS APP BUT IN PHOTOS APP/albums/Saved Pictures.(I spent Nearly 45 min searching where the files had gone)how can a video file be a saved picture? iii)You cannot change your bluetooth name through device but you need o connect it to PC to change it :/ . 3)IT DOES NOT HAVE MASS STORAGE MODE WHEN CONNECTED TO PC.(EVEN IN WIN 8) 4)INTERNET EXPLORER IS WORST EXPLORER.(Even Chrome isn't there for Windows phone).It don't Download Files which it don't recognize(for ex. if you are downloading .zip file in which you have mp3 songs so that you can extract it and play...you cannot do that simple thing on your 15000 phone,which an 3000 android phone is capable of doing it). Think Twice Before Buying IT...Android is a much Developed and Simple SMARTPHONE.
I have been using this phone for last 6 Month, and I can say that I am happy that i choose Windows Phone. The installed application are so good that you do not need to find the extra alternative on store. I am using the preinstalled Browser,Camera & Office Apps. Belive me I receive the mails on my phone before my desktop. Internet Sharing feature is very usefull & works perfectly. One Note has every feature that you can expect from a Note taking App. You will never regret buying this Phone. Pros: Smooth Performence Good Looks Value for Money Build Quality Cons: Average Camera Music Player need more features. Camera is placed in a way that you can not keep it without any case. Themes are Limited
Very good phone .. sometime facing issues like it is re-starting automatically and the battery backup . If i switch on my internet then battary is not even lasting one day (it may be issue will all smart phones). and if the internet is kept off then it is giving very good backup... other than this no issues with this phone
the nokia lumia products are very very good but apps are costly so ordinary people can not buy it.the apps should have cheap or free like android phone apps.
nice phone. am gonna buy a phone this weekend but i am looking for some discount so that my budget remains balanced. My one friend told me to visit once Panasonic. and it was great visiting there. I got a offer from them. Thank god.
The hardware of the phone is excellent : Its display is just best, you can clearly see even in bright sunlight, camera is great, and looks are also awesome. As far as OS is concerned, its not app centric but u can get lots and lots of music and games for free from nokia store.
Good Phone. Good value for money. Am satisfied with the product. Good build quality. Nothing happened though I dropped the phone twice. Windows interface keeps things simple without complicating stuff. Sleek and handy too. Good balance between features, price and size.
mobile is well but costly comparison to other mobiles available in india. Window mobile is good but more useful for businessmen .presently android is best for youth or markets. i m having also lava iris 504 q at this same price but features of lava is much better than lumia 620. i some one asked me to choose between these two mobile then i will go for lava iris 504q
this phone is a great buy at this price , if u go for same features with "same level hardware" u need to pay much higher and if you are getting in lower price u are getting cheated, Nokia does one thing best their R&D , there are many small small things that saves a lot of time and money with this phone , yup this is not as simple as Android but wen u get used it u will not like any other OS . the picture quality , the voice quality, the internet experience , the awesome nokia music experience , the speed of phone in loading installing checking mails etc is much much better as compared to other sets of same price range. and the music mix by Nokia it will be like u are served the best in a luxury hotel, the set is really worth its price but u need to give some for yourself to get into it, once you synced ur fb, twitter, gmails, etc u will notice u need not to have those apps , u need not to check every time , for those who finds it little techy try it you will feel power and speed the same time , any question you can come to me. the only cons i find is the earphone accessories which u can replace with some good in-ear one and experience music like never before
the phone is awesome and its features are good. people may think whats the specialty of the windows phone. i could only say one word- that is because of the Nokia R&D. They give updates of the flau's in the phone very frequently. They see the satisfaction of the customers. They value the reviews of the customers. I could say this because, i am also using Nokia N73 which was bought in 2002. Till now i am getting the updates every ^ months, improving their performance. Nokia- the customers guarantee
Bought this phone for dad, build quality is good easy to use, ma dad mastered all major functionalities in couple of days. Battery life is decent which was one of the priority for ma dad. Was little concerned to get it from concepts international but the packing was decent and got item in good condition.
Bought it for 9599 and it an awesome phone. Bit sad that I miss few of my aps in android but in every other aspect this phone is better. Shortage of aps is taken care by my Nexus 7.
Awesome mobile in great price, windows mobile with great features got from flipkart within 2 days. touch and sound is also good.
Flipcart service is very good i orederd and got within 4 days my mobile.Nokia lumia 620 is also good cell, its net speed is very good and music also good. there ie one proble u cant acces directly ur memory u cant see what is inside your memory .there is no file manager, u can access ur memory thorough aaplications only if ur aaplication software is not able to read it then there is no way to see it.rather then few points cell is very good
its nice to have window operating system then other................ enjoying bt still just not satisfied with battery life otherwise excellent cell
Well, you cannot have any complains hardware wise in fact it's a near perfect phone in that regard. The phone is just awwwesome. However, being a windows phone, you do lose out on a bit of flexibility when it comes to installing Apps. UI is beautiful, colors and the tiles look pretty, too. no lags, and hardly ever freezing, but just as I said, it couldn't score a perfect 5 because of the apps. Something for Windows to take a cue from its competitors. Wish Nokia had android.
I will write what i like and dislike in no particular order. 1. Very Smooth OS 2. Camera is OKish (didn't expect much from 5 MP anyway) 3. Phone is beautiful 4. Onscreen keyboard is very cramped (small size of screen has nothing do with this). My N8 had similar screen size and didn'y feel this cramped. Simply poor design. You will get eventually habituated but even landscape mode doesn't offer much improvement. 5.Live tiles is very interesting. Keeps me engaged 6. There are sufficient number of great apps. Some even better than available in other platforms. This is not a deal breaker anymore. (Unless you want to buy a smartphone only so that you can play Temple Run 2 on it) 7. Opening the back cover is very odd. You actually are supposed to press on the camera glass to open it. Furthermore the camera glass is protruding just enough so that you can get it scratched nicely. I suggest using a good phone case/cover. 8. While live tiles is interesting, if you get too interested, your may have to scroll down meters to see all your live tiles.(well cms at least) Same problem with the loooooong app list. 9. Settings menu is where you are supposed to increase your IQ by regularily practicing "find the item I want". Yes. you can't sort on any parameter. And yes it is random(well radndomly fixed). I have taken inspiration from that while writing this review. 10. Nokia map and Nokia music are awesome as usual. 11. The voice assistant works better than that available on android. It is faster and more accurate in recognising your voice commands. I have compared its performance with that of high end SAMSUNG Note 2. However the no. of commands are a bit limited compared to Samsung. And there are certain unique features as following (Not considering apple products) 1. You cant save any contacts on the sim or the phone. It can be saved only online. But synching all your contacts is easy even from your old sim. Only problem it creates is that whatsapp cant access contacts in facebook and you may have to re-neter those facebook contacts in google contact list. 2. There is no option for locking your signal to "Only 3G mode". what that means is wherever 2G signal is stronger that 3G, you will be stuck on 2G. (which is most of India). And knowing 2G speed in India, using maps/internet or any other web service is not possible most of the times. 3. No wallpapers 4.And please create a new Nokia (Music) account even if you already have one if you dont want to lose access to the market on any of your devices. Well there are many more things but I love my phone.
As per the specification and the cost the performance of the phone is ideal. Few things you need to accept to be fan of this mobile. 1. Restricted memory of 512 mb so dont expect this to perform like Lumia 920 2. Less apps from both Microsoft and NOKIA - not a treat for app geeks 3. Dont expect the similar user interface of android like notification, settings etc as your having very sensitive touch response - if you ready for change then go for it otherwise stick to android. If you accept this limitations then, this little wonder is really superb option !!!
Bought this mobile from Flipkart when it was first introduced. Works well as it should. Never faced any problems.
I already have Lumia 520 and now i ordered 620 for my father. Windows phone UI looks amazing. It looks simple and classy too. and coming to Nokia, a trusty brand so close your eyes and buy this phone. If you can spend another 3000rs you can buy 720.It looks stunning and best in lumia series.
have been using the mobile for more than 2 weeks. Explored almost all the features and tried many apps. I feel the mobile is really good in terms of its processing speed, audio, video, music/call quality. On the flip side (though not so bad) the battery life is not so great. If you use more apps you need to get your battery re-charged after 8-10 hrs itself. If you don't use much of the apps then it may long for at least 24 hrs.
Used for over 6 months now. Liked it. In terms of performance certainly rocks: thanks to the snapdragon krait dual core processor. In case of OS, its a basic OS: you will love it you just make calls, IMs, browse internet, videos,....But not for downloading, re-programming or advanced tasks.
Buy this product only if u r die hard fan of having a nokia device! Windows platform is not developing any apps as android, and even apps equivalent to android miss many features ! Its a good nokia product, that's it !
on a little slower side doe to 512 MB RAM, u will feel the lag if you have used a premium segment phone. However, a very refreshing departure from the anaroids and IOS devices. amazing screen too..
I have bought this phone recently. If you want a midrange smart phone than go for it. Got timely delivery(within 20 hrs). Pros: Its fast, and have new UI, social integration is awesome. It also comes with a classy touch. Since it comes with ClearBlack display, you can easily operate it even in sunlight. If you are searching for a phone under 15000, then buy this. Cons: Lesser apps are available on store
Great windows Phone with lots of good features. Quality of display is very good, Camera clarity with flash is nice Sound Quality is good. Nice to play Games. In build photo effects are good. Battery: not so good like other phones but OK. The system performance is good, Some times it hangs in case of multitasking. Overall satisfied Phone...
This phone is quite good if u are a nokia fan like me this not just cheap it has all the features of camera in other high end smartphones from nokia Surelyyy recomend this product..!!!!
Friends, I have been using this phone since last 2 months, this phone is really an awesome Windows phone. Camera and picture quality is Superb. Apart from this interface is also nice...browser and other applications are running smoothly...but some minor bugs are there yet to be sort out like FM radio. But its not a big issue as it will soon get sort out with an update....Overall best Windows Phone in this price range. Must have...!!!
I got this phone from Flipkart before a week. And I just love it. Its any day better than Andriod phones. By Miles. I don't want to go into all specs and pros & cons. But I am an engineer myself. I have used WebOS phones earlier. So I have a pretty good understanding about UI/UX. This phone just rocks. Don't worry too much about Battery Life, you recharge it every night, its not a big deal. Apps are great, touch & response has no lags - browsing is awesome. Ease of use fantastic.
I purchased nokia lumia 620 in the month of august by reading reviews from flipkart. Even though the delivery comes 3-4 days late, the product is neatly packed. I have used almost 2 months and I would say my phone is wonderful. Windows os is far ahead than android. UI is too good, camera quality is nice, colors are bright and actually we can read it in sun light(Don't be shocked). There is absolutely very fast compared my previous samsung galaxy phone in browsing and You believe it or not I've booked tatkal ticket through my 2g connection in default browser given by them and there's absolutely no problem. I will accept that battery is a let down because many people expects that nokia brand should work more, but don't know the reason, with internet it works for a day and with out internet browsing it works for 2 days with average telephone calls I would definitely recommend you to buy this masterpiece.
Go for it if you want a phone with all the apps but are not to keen about playing games. I found it to lag a little when gaming. Other then that love the product.
First of all i am not a heavy user of games.I had purchased it from a local shop few days ago.I would like to describe about the details according to my usage.I have been using this phone from 1 week. 1)LOOKS-The phone just looks awesome.My friends get jealous when they see such a nice phone.The body is sturdy, though you might face problem while removing the back cover.But it just takes time to get used to it. 2)DISPLAY-The phone's display is brilliant (according to price), though the screen size is small.I was able to use it under bright sunlight without any problems(with the battery saver mode on and with automatic brightness).The display is clear black and if you use different colours it looks great. 3)TOUCH-The touch is buttery smooth.the phone can be easily operated with single hand.The phone even be used by wearing gloves. 4)OPERATING SYSTEM-It's very good.the live tiles get updated regularly.You can resize the tiles.I've installed apps which is almost 2gb but still the is more than 50% space available.Also the multitasking is quite good and there is no lag at all. 4)BATTERY-The battery backup is quite good.I played music for 2 hours ,played games for 1 hour ,used 3g for 1 hour and 1 hour for calling (all these were done by switching the automatic brightness and battery saver mode) and lasted for almost 1 and half day.But if you use 3g and wifi for longer duration then the battery gets drained very quickly(within 4-5 hours). 5)CAMERA-The camera is quite good when using outdoors but the indoor photography is not that good (especially in low light).But it is quite good when compared to android phones within 15k.The video recording is quite good.The front camera is also quite good for video calling purposes. 6)APPS & GAMES-The basic apps are available which is more than useful like facebook, twitter. we chat, line ,whats app, etc.but in games there aren't much available like subway surfers, temple run 2,etc.But you can try the paid apps .The overall the app selection is good .Hope that microsoft will improve the collection of apps and bring some good games in near future.The city lens works very well and the gps lock is very quick. 7)MUSIC AND VIDEO-First of all the earphones provided with this set is average.I would recommend to get another one.The speaker is vey loud.almost all the popular formats of music can be played.The video playback is very good.it can play 720p and 1080p videos very well.But while forwading the video it takes some time (that' not a problem).but popular video format like mkv doesn't work.Also the video can't be played using other apps. 8)CONNECTIVITY-It has bluetooth v3.0, wifi, a-gps, nfc which is more than enough on a budget smartphone. 9)CALL QUALITY-The call quality is very good. 10)STORAGE-The internal is 8gb out of which 4.7gb is available for user.ram is 512mb.The phone has a snapdragon s4 processor and the gpu is adreno-305.You also get 7gb of free skydive storage.the external memory is expandable upto 64gb.I'm using sandisk ultra 16gb and it's working very well.Though the ram is less but believe me it works very well. FINAL VERDICT-The overall looks and feel of this device is very good.the feedback from others is very good.They like my smartphone because i have a yellow colour lumia 620.There are too many pros and very few cons.But if you compare it with android then the specs of this phone is very good .My suggestion would be to go with the lumia phones if you are confused between android and windows phone.also the service of nokia are widespread across India which is very important.nokia is known for it's durability and build quality and and the lumia phones are a very good example. i would also like to give it 4.5 stars for its overall performance and build quality.
One word.. Fair deal. The features are great, Brilliant design and OS.. The only negative that surprised me, of this phone is that there is NO FM radio.. Damn!!!
I am using nokia lumia 620 from 26 th September 2013. Before buying this product I thought that the screen size is big but disappointing to see the screen size, it is very small only 3.8 inch..battery is a real issue,,.Now about the build quality - 1. The build quality is top notched , 2. CBD coating produces great crystal clear display and great sunlight readability . 3.Windows 8 os with amber update is amazing and very responsive and fast (without the file manager issue) ... But now on February 18 th 2015 I got windows 8.1 denim update. Denim update of windows phone 8.1 completely change the user interface of the windows phone and now windows phone become one of the great os among android and ios dominated market in the year of 2015 and now after 8.1 denim update lumia 620 become one of the premium device and now it can compete with any of the android device in the price point of 10,000-15,000. 4.Touch response is very fast( sometimes it is so responsive that without touching the screen just by placing finger nearer to the screen it takes the input and produces output immediately ) 5.Battery is draining like melting of ice in hot environment. You must recharge your device after Only 4 hours of continuous using WiFi ( without WiFi it lasts about 15 to 16 hours ) After denim update ( in the year of 2015) this battery issue is completely gone and you should use your fully charged lumia for at least a whole day. 6.Default headset quality is very poor. I must say to everyone to buy Nokia WH-208 or Sennheiser cx 180 for amazing crystal clear sound and bass. . 7. Till date I am unable to find many cons of this device instead of the charger ( because I received a faulty charger ) and front facing camera. The video quality and still image quality of front facing camera is very bad but after denim update I got lumia selifie camera app and also lumia camera app which increase my phone's camera quality. 8.last but true that ,i am now giving 4 star just because of my faulty charger issue,without this issue this is a great mobile device by Nokia and Microsoft,great display,amazing speed and power and a fresh new look of windows 8.1 denim update All of these together produces the best outcome ....NOKIA LUMIA 620
I have used this phone 2 weeks and i am very much satisfied with It. this phone is everything it promises.I was a little confused when I ordered this product because of its lack of ram.512 mb seemed so little compared to 1gb offered by other android phones. But when I got the phone it worked like a miracle. It worked so smooth and was very user friendly.so I installed about 2 gb of apps n games. IT DID NOT LAG AT ALL! THE PHONE WORKED BUTTER SMOOTH. The offline navigation with here maps and here drive was so amazing. The only one drawback i found was the low battery backup. But it is okay with me since it last for a day and a half easily in battery saver,which is better than most phones. just buy this product friends,because it is much smoother than the androids in this price range.
Hi , I bought lumia 620 from flipkart and on unboxing found that , it's doesnt support normal sim but only micro sim. Also doesn't take normal microsd card . I had an old micro sd card of 8GB which I was using with E65 . Anyway I can't use it with lumia 620. Even if phone is great , flipkart is missing few details in the product spec. Otherwise everything was great. Shipping time was awesome , I ordered on 25th Sep and received the product on 26th Sep. Which was a amazing response time.
Well, i have to say Nokia has done a reasonable job with Lumia series. Although Lumia 620 could have had a better battery, it drains out quickly. But other than that its amazing. It has got everything in it that you would like to have in the smartphone. About apps: There aren't many but they are adding them all the time. It has its own xbox store so all you want is a internet connection and then you will see how much fun it is to use this phone. I am a heavy gamer and found this app on xbox "6 guns" and temple run. and they are free. There are some paid ones too. But with time they are adding more games more apps for windows just like it was for android. So don't change your mind on windows just because you haven't used it. Its been 3 days since i bought this from FK and i think its really a good buy. Its different but its more than its worth of 13k tag.
Rocking performance OS- No lags Happy with LUMIA AMBER update- recently updated my phone with this, got some useful features(glance(standby notifications),flip back to silence,camera performance u can shoot even low light area without flash,call+sms filter and some updates for nokia applications) GOOD PHONE AT THIS RANGE....
I've used this phone for over just 10 days now.... This phone is a must buy if you're on a tight budget of 15k and want a good branded phone. PROS: > The Processor. 1 GHz Snapdragon S4 Pro. Blazing fast speeds for a Windows Phone. Though you've got only 512 MB RAM, you can multitask seamlessly on this phone. I've had close to 6 apps open with literally zero lag. > Screen. Great visibility, extremely bright, and with Nokia's Pure Black technology, sunlight reading is no problem. > Camera. This one can compare with cameras on phones upto 20k and this one would still be top notch. The 5 MP Camera shoots awesome shots and crystal clear video. You can customize all settings to the surroundings, and this customization really helps. > Nokia Music and Big Flix. Free 3000 songs on Nokia Music, and you can also download them and listen offline. You need to install Big Flix, though, but you get 3 months subscription free with Nokia Lumia 620(and 720) worth Rs.599. Not many movies I'd expect, but still there are loads of movies to watch. > Live Tiles. All information keep updating constantly and keep you reminded. > Battery. Just 1300 MAh, enough for Windows 8 Phone OS and you can get a day and a half on average usage. > Expandable Storage. This is one of the key when you want to have loads of contents on your phone. > HERE Maps, HERE Drive. Not tested yet, but it does work offline also. > Office 365. All your Word, PPT, Excel documents can be viewed on your phone itself! > Some more amazing features found on top phones like NFC, Dolby Sound Enhancements. You also get 7 GB free storage per account on Outlook. CONS: > Small Screen. Only 3.8". For this price you get many phones bigger, but it seems good in your hands. > Lack of apps on the store. There aren't many games and a gaming freak(like me) would totally get disappointed. Angry Birds are Fruit Ninja are paid, Temple Run 2 and Subway Surfers are not even there. > Windows Phone 8 OS. Gets a time to get used to and not as customisable as Android and not even as customisable as iOS! But you'll get used it after a few days of usage. VERDICT: Get the phone if you're on tight budget, or want to try out a new OS. Try it out for sure.
>Its a myth that people say about WP doesn't hav enuf apps...plz remember there are more than enuf essential apps...and no one have to download millions of apps...so mind it.. >Never think that RAM in 620 is very low..in fact in any WP...WP doesn't have any unessential preloaded apps...u can even remove them also not lyk other OS'.....where there r so many non required preloaded apps which u never use in ur mobile's lyftym...plus they utilise most part of RAM and fone often hangs...Never decline WP only on the basis of RAM...because RAM is not an issue in WP..notice that most of the WP has 512MB RAM....so don't bother... >unbelievable persolization...u will never regret if u buy WP... >Games and apps r enuf in free category and the AppStore is expanding gradually and more number of games will b available for free when number of users will rise... >multitasking is also gud.... >Best thing is that WP's security...it is the most secure platform where no one can hack ur fone...compared to other platforms where the info from ur fone can be easily accessed...without ur knowledge... >it will be thorough new experience...give u a feel of ur uniqueness compared to other ubiquitous platforms at best price.... Now About Lumia 620: >its gud experience till now....got evry app which I required... >the other gud things about u can read from other reviews also...its AMAZING...atleast give it a try once and u will never regret....the only issue is screen size...but if u are interested in big screen experience then try Lumia 720.... I hope it helped u....try it just once...
Lumia 620 is for people who dont like to show off, want a good touch screen and dont want to psned a lot of money [Comparison with 520] Before buying lumia 620 I got review that 520 is anytime better than 620(bigger screen). But after ordering both the phones and using them both, I would say 620 is worth the extra investment. Display is much better and phone is very handy to use. Camera quality is also amazing, If you like to show off and big screen then 620 is not for you. But if you prefer quality over screen size tghen 620 is your baby. [Comparison with 720] One of my friend bought 720 at the same time I bought 620. Two major differences are big screen and CarlZeiss Lens. I have a separate sonycam thats why I did'nt need an awesome camera and I anyways dont like big screen. It is painful to operate in such a big sreen. Mobile screen should operable with one hand( I should say with your thumb only) [Comparison with Android] I miss so many good apps of android and all the perks that come with them. But I like the beauty of windows OS. And my phone never ever hangs. Yeah sure battery is is problematic, but android also has the same battery issue. So I am perfectly happy with lumia 620.
i like this very much and also the delivery was very fast. The product is also very nice. Now i am shopping most of the things from this store..... i had also tell my friends to buy any product from this store
hi, I just purchased a new lumia 620 thinking of my previous experience with Nokia N73 and other phones.. and I am truly disappointed by it... why cann't these technology people understand that customer want phone with more features with simple to use. Not less features with complicated use.. First of all you have to be online, that too on a fast speed net to use the most of the feature of this phone. If phone is called windows phone, it should have the capability (not fully, but somehow) to be windows.. I have used htc windows phone, they are far superior than this.. This phone doesn't have a very basic function of File manager... You cann't see your files (except music and videos and that too compatible formats) and where you want them to be. This is the worst phone from NOKIA I have ever seen, 1. Compromised GPS. 2. Poor hanging Navigation. 3. No search in favourites. No search functions for your files. 4. Cannot attach files ( word/excel/ppt) to mail from mail ( other ways possible - but its ridiculous and funny) 5. Very Low volume. 6. No Player, Cannot surf to a diffeternt time when a video or audio is running. 7. Camera does not have zoom or any high end features. 8. You cannot access the system folder. 9. Cannot open password Protected file. 10. Translatoe camera has very limited translations possible. 11. NO player. 12. Very less application. 13. NO SIP. 14. Mobile VOIP not working. I suggest if you want to a windows phone, go for others like htc.. or you can go for android... cause everyone wants features or application... not only name... Thnks
this is simply amazing phone which is less than13k i have using blackberry for 3 yrs and got bored with it and started using lumia 620 which is fab. I got contented with this features the same as bb if ur budget is less than 15k then go for it more than 25k go for 820 its simply fab
As usual the delivery was apt.The Phone is really good, and the apps are sufficient for an average user like me.. Basic famous games are available and there are more coming..There are very good games from xbox available to buy and for trial.. The nokia music app helps you to listen and download all latest songs in just a touch.The inbuilt apps are really useful. The offline navigation works very fine without any problem. The only problem I see is that the battery life, Could have been better..
I have been using a Nokia Lumia 620 for 3 months now. It is a great phone with a brilliant interface. It has the famous Nokia durability, a blessing in smartphones. Good memory, good apps. The Lime Green colour is funky and quite cool. Smart choice for a smart phone.
Hi All, This is my first review and i am flattered by service of Flipkart.com. I ordered the followings products:- 1.Nokia Lumia 620 (Black) 2. nCase PFBC-8571BK TPU Book Type Cover (Black) 3. Atitude C233EN0223 for Nokia Lumia 620 All the three things i wanted to be delivered together as this is a surprise for my Girlfriend and i had contacted flipkart where Mr. Robin guided me with the product specification and chioice. The astonishing element is that i ordered the product on 2nd Sep,13 around 1.37 pm and i have the product in my hand while writing this post i.e they delivered before 24 hours. Only the crappy thing was the screen guard, but not of a greater problem because that is available in local markets. I wouldn't write about the product because many more before me have explained in details, i just wanted to share the review. Good Job team!!!! R's Abhishek
this is a fantastic phone. its lightning quick and i mean it. have been using it for 2 days now and am enjoying it every bit. what windows phone lack are the options of apps available compared to android but i think it has all the required apps you will need. androis is open source so anybody can make an app and put it on the play store, whereas windows only permits apps after checking them thoroughly so its safer. the phone has many features which are exceptional as is the camera quality. the only thing bad was the delivery as flipkart has started outsourcing its delivery to fedex. i ll give it 5 stars for product and 2 stars for delivery.
I read many reviews, saw a lot of youtube videos. I have seen good and bad feedback. But overall having used a series of phones from Nokia Symbian OS to HTC Windows 5 phone to Blackberry, I find Windows phone is as easy to use as claimed by many. In the last few hours of usage I found a ton of features which integrates phone to social media to apps. I am yet to explore how to integrate with my Windows 8 installation, but I am sure it will be a breeze as well. What you will love: Great price, nice camera, snappy performance, clear display, intuitive features. I love the kids corner where as advertised you can select the apps your kids want to use it. Even if the user doesn't have kids, one can select the apps which you would be fine for any "stranger" to use. What you may not like: The phone tends to slip when trying to operate on a single hand. So if when on a jerky bus ride (or roller coaster!) please be careful. Another minor problem is for those with big fingers, the on screen key pad may be a bit too small. So one may end up tying some wrong letters - especially problematic for passwords. Other than that, I feel its a great product. Cost effective and you will not feel you are using a phone which is sub 15k range.
Another on-time delivery from Flipkart.... My experience With Lumia 620 from last 3 months. Top class hardware configuration.. An improved main camera.. Occasionally GPS & Nokia Map won't work. Occasionally Screen get freeze(showing black blank screen). OS get stuck occasionally, hard.. keys also freeze.(only option is to remove & insert battery). 3 time OS reset didn't fix any of the above problems. Disappointing & incomplete Windows Phone 8 OS. Missing a lot of basic features of a mobile in Windows OS like 1. No call duration in log 2. No option to check tota hours of talk time 3. No SMS Counter 4. No option for call recording(saying some security bullshit as reason) 5. Network search wont work when you loose signal.(only option is restart) 6. No Local backup option of critical data like contacts, SMS, settings etc. 7. No file explorer. 8. Bug in default alarm app which will drain your battery to 0% in 20 minutes while on snooze option . 9. No PC Suite app available. 10. No proper log center 11. No option to attach a local file as email. .... and lot more......
I just bought this phone on 15 august 2013. Pros: 1. touch is awesome 2. memory is good 3. camera 5mp with flash 4. 3G. fast browsing 5. windows 8 6. free 6 months movie and music bownload Cons: 1. cant download until have an account in windowsphone.com- family setting 2. need internet for mostly everything 3. no preloaded apps I SAY BUY THIS. SO CHEAP AND AWESOME.
i bought this nokia lumia 620, 4 to 5 months ago and after 1 month of purchase it began to hang.i gave it to the service center for its repair but even after repairing it began to hang.my friend has nokia lumia 520 and its working fine.lumia 620 sucks.instead buy lumia 520 or 720.Otherwise windows phone are owesome........
I'm using this product for the past few months. Its working great and voice recognition was perfect compared to android..... Its developing os but Microsoft is higher level compared to Google. So sell your boring android mobile and buy this mobile have fun.... And its Dolby surround system was stunning when buying this mobile you will get free subscription to nokia music..
Pros: Price, NFC, Front Camera, Nokia Apps, Clear-black Display, Expandable Memory, 720p Video Recording, Mass Storage Device, Touch Screen Sensitivity... Cons: I can only think of 2 cons, battery could have been better (it gets you through the day though). Doesn't come with inbuilt FM, you'll find an app for it which uses Internet. Summary If you are looking for a cheap (but doesn't feel or look cheap at all) fully loaded straight forward simple stable smart phone with a better than average support from the manufacturer, then this phone is definitely for you :)
You are buying a budget phone, so learn and respect its limitations. It’s very important to first set expectations according to the price range of the mobile. Let’s first discuss limitations. 1. 512MB RAM..that sums it all. If you are an avid gamer, please look elsewhere. You cannot buy an alto and expect city like performance from it. There is slight lag sometimes when navigating. But still impressed by the way the O.S behaves even with less amount of RAM. 2. Camera is another area of concern. It performs well in daylight but in poor lighting, photos are anything but poor with lots of noise. Even in good light, there is minute loss of details when you really zoom into the picture. 3. Yes, app store is still catching up, but have a feeling Microsoft can be a little more agile in this area. Heck Nokia is so good at publishing their own set of apps with updates. Microsoft needs to step up - no excuses. 4. Battery - Only 1300mah!? Why? Why? Why? Ok, Win OS is good, agile and provides reasonable backup even with this modest battery. I was expecting at least a 1700mah in today’s age. All is not lost – hope they can release a higher capacity battery in the same form factor. 5. No file manager – Well well…this was a shocker. Not sure why this is the case. I think based on the architecture itself, every app “sees” data related to it negating the need for a file manager. Alternative – Connect it to your P.C and use your good old windows explorer. 6. No FM. Darn it…I thought Nokia understood it’s loyal Indian market well. 7. I would have appreciated if the micro sd card was more accessible, possibly on the sides of the phone. 8. Music player – Can someone publish a player please??? Ok with using the default provided, I would appreciate options. Good: 1. Windows OS really surprised me. It's so polished and is miles ahead of both ios and android in terms of how it seamlessly integrates multiple modules. Refreshing change to see a live home screen instead of app dominated screens. Needs some learning curve, but once you get over it, there's no looking back. 2. Build quality - I mean "wow" Take a bow Nokia. I was not expecting such a solid build quality in this price range. It feels just so solid when you hold it. Love that. 3. Screen - This thing performs like a champ outdoors. My previous phones, I used to have a lot of difficulty to read in bright sunlight. With the 620, I was shocked...the screen was so clear and readable in bright sunlight outdoors. This is a big deal - at least in a phone in this current band. Yes the 520 has a bigger screen which is super sensitive, but I can trade those 2 features for this lovely display that shows off great colours and is so lively outdoors. Killer feature, Thanks Nokia. 4. Features - NFC, Nokia Music, Front Camera, Micro SD card slot, 720p video, Dolby Digital Sound. I mean wow..that's real value for money, totally. I exchanged my old phone under the exchange program, and wow...what a value for money phone at the price which I got, just a shade under 10k. Kudos. 5. Form factor - 3.8 inch screen might be very small in the age of Note2/Note3 but for me it just felt right. I could say that my fingers were really grateful. 6. Interchangeable body covers - Just one of the small things, that adds some excitement to the device 7. Nokia Apps- Really solid list, 200% value for money again. Offline maps for over 86 countries, which also get updated, plus Nokia music subscription, plus GPS with GLONASS (think of it like a dual core GPS chip for faster location lock). Take a bow Nokia. 8. Office – Enough said. 9. Sound quality – Pleasantly surprised on this front. Instead of going for an entry level Android, I would recommend this instead or even the 520. You get a well built phone with a performance that no entry level android can match. Yes, Windows O.S is maturing fast, and when it does watch out. Don’t get this yet, if you are a sucker for apps. You will end up banging your head against the wall if that’s that case. It redefined the phone experience for me, since my early iOs days. Solid Performer.
Cannot comment or compare this mobile with others but if you want to buy this mobile for windows then go for it, it is the best in range mobile for windows with awesome look and usage plus gives easy user interface that can be used by any noob.
Hi frnds, I buy my Lumia 620 from here only. Itz good phone bt after i use thr r some advantages nd many of disadvantages: Advantages: 1. Sexy look 2. Some good apps like Here Maps 3. You can link ur facebook a/c with messages. (u can chat with frnds without opening facebook app or browser) Disadvantages: 1. You can not send a music or video files via bluetooth to another devices. 2. PC and Bluetooth Transfer rate is toooo slow, itz really sucks. 3. Windows market is too small compare to Android nd iOS. 4. You can not save whats app video this phone. 5. When people are bored with playing Tample Run 2 at that time Tample Run (1) is launch in windows market. (I dont know subway suffer will come or wt???, bcoz minimum requirement for Subway suffer is 1 GB RAM and Lumia 620 provides 512MB RAM). 6. Many of times my phone is suddenly off. 7. Nokia music player is also not working properly. 8. Thr is no File Explorer or File Manager which u seen in android. you still want to buy this phone thn itz ur wish......i can't do anything
Excellent delivery service by flipkart!! Shipped within 24 hours. Phone is nice. Worth it!! Battery life is ok(But definitely better than android's in this range ). Other than that phone is fabulous. Build quality is nice. nokia city lense is a very good app to try.
If you are an Android user (like I was), it surely will take a week or two or even three sometimes to get used to the Windows OS. But once you get to the groove, you find that the phone is awesome and has some great features. The Windows 8 OS is excellent and has all updates till date. The camera is of the highest quality. 5 MP + LED Flash. The quality is lot better than the 8 MP ones. The interface is electrifying and cool, and gives oneself a professional look while operating on the mobile. The sound quality is very good but not as great as the Sony Walkman phone which I was previously using. Pros: 1. Excellent Camera Quality (best in its range) 2. Windows 8 OS. 3. User Interface, and as with all Windows phones, you create a Microsoft LIVE account and you're automatically linked with all your professional and social resources like gmail, facebook, twitter, et all. 4. The excellent features that NOKIA gives you, like NOKIA Maps, Here, Help and Tips. 5. Texting/Messaging - The capacitive touch screen is so smooth and sensitive that you don't even feel like you are actually typing. Silky touch screen. Awesome for texting. Cons : 1.Strictly not for Android Gaming addicts. The Windows Phone apps and games are not that varied as it is in Android. 2. It would be nice if Nokia starts producing in-ear-headphones with ear buds like Sony does. The normal in-ear type without the ear buds hurts a little after some time. Overall, I would give the product a 9/10. While it is strictly not for the gaming addicts, if you are looking to buy a great phone with very good features, camera, touch sensitivity, I'd recommend you to go for it in this price range.
basic stuff like call features..voice quality even on viber...skyp. pretty good..no lagging..easy keybord..crisp display..camera : meets nokia 5mp expectations..browsing easy with IE..battery backup also good. most important: it looks like a phone not a tablet and works equivalent ...fits in palm and pocket well.. secondary camera: meets expecttion with 0.3 mp.. reading: better than N520..crisp gaming: mostly paid :(
I like the product and its is good to purchase electronic items from flipkart. : )...the product was good and it was in the best condition and well packed and it total proper measures is taken to keep the product safe. But i don't understand why my mpbile is getting hanged. after purchasing till now it has been three time my mobile is hanged. I don't understand why my mobile is getting hanged after all it is a Nokia brand and i have a great trust on this name. I hope it was just a small problem bcoz it is new and it will not continue further. But i am enjoying my mobile a lot.
Winows 8 as an OS is very promising. But after 3 days of using this phone, I ran into many issues. The biggest problem is the phone freeze randomly and you may need to remove battery and need reboot. This happened for me atleast 5 times in 3 days. Some times incoming calls cannot be picked up because of this. When I checked in windows forums many people faces this issue. Also battery is a concern form me. It just last over 10 hours in battery saving mode.
Let me begin with the drawbacks- 1. No Opera browser (Internet explorer is really bad) 2. No Playlist facility (though it claims, i still could not find it) 3. The Charger, you will not like if you loved the old Nokia thin pin charger. Also it will not be an extension of the Nokia family which you have- it means you can use only this charger with this phone (so.. in that way you can go for xperias or galaxys.. got it?) 4. Search button, is a problem. it is very sensitive and you cannot use your phone roughly. Also, what i didn't like was that it didn't have option to select between Google & Bing (we are forced to use Bing even if we don't like it) 5. QWERTY keypad is inconvenient. Windows should should have kept option to select between alphanumeric keypad and the qwerty one. Really inconvenient.!!! 6. Internet problem- The phone is no longer fast in internet, though Guwahati has a poor network. My previous phone- C5-03 used to work very well. So, what's the real problem?? (even apps like facebook don't work) 7. Wikipedia- is not working. And i used to read much from my cell phone. Now, i'm pluralized in that front. Actually this is not a separate problem from the internet one however i made it separate as it was concerned with READING. Let's see the bright side now: Basically i need a phone to- Call (+message), Capture photos, Music, Internet, Basic apps +(now a days, Games) Out of this i faced little difficulty in the 1st & the 3rd. Photos are good (may be.. awesome). Internet doesn't work, at least with the IE (opera can solve this problem, which we don't have) So we can say that if the Opera comes some day than we will have no problem with the browsing and apps are developing. Earphone quality is robust. I loved it!!! Games are really good. PERSONALLY, WHAT I FEEL- Windows is still the best platform if it solves the above mentioned problems.
I used this phone for four months. Here is my findings about this phone. Pros:- -Awesome display -Nokia offline maps and locations are really good and helpful even if we don't have a data connection. They have recently launched LiveSight functionality. This will enable us to view the near by places in camera. -OS is so fast on this 512 Mb ram and 1 Ghz hardware configurations. -Long press of the windows button enable us to open apps and call some one through voice commands -Screen brightness get adjusted automatically. It enables good sunlight readability Cons:- -lack of good apps -No good video player. Only built in video player. Can't play mkv files -Unable to download videos to m/y card. No file manager. These are due to OS limitations
Hi recently one week back I had purchased lumia 620.I like this phone in Look and feel but the main issue is the battery is getting drained very fastly. Even if we are not using the mobile that time also it's discharging it's so sad.Other than this it's good.But battery is life right :(
I got this for my dad recently. I was a little skeptical buying a Windows Phone but the build quality and the interface blew me away! For the price I paid for this (Rs12K after cash back incl 8GB card), no Android phone can come close (I mean one from a major manufacturer like Samsung/LG- not Karbonn/Micromax etc). The interface is smooth, nice camera, good speakers and most of the apps my dad needs - all included. I got him the black version and it looks very classy! Buy this phone especially if you 1. Want to give Windows Phone a try but dont want to spend too much doing it. 2. Are new to Smartphones 3. Just need a solid basic phone which gives you the whole smartphone experience without costing a ton of money. 4. Just need a solid second phone I am a power smartphone user myself and I am strongly considering buying into the windows ecosystem as soon as the Lumia 1020 is launched in India- and this is only because of the great experience on this tiny number! I got the phone in 2 days- first purchase on Flipkart. so far so good! will buy again!
Nokia 620 is a perfect phone aesthetically, its uncluttered, perfect for regular needs and damn fast, i loved the HERE apps and ease of microsoft office to the core. However they missed the last 20% badly and that counts as a perfect blunder. The quality or testing parameters are way off the bench mark - the front screen is as delicate as a newly wed bride, a minor bump or even fall from half meter and you will see a big web of cracks which cost anywhere from Rupees 6000-7000 and that's not OK for normal users. - Nokia also have given a puzzle to people by the way back cover need to be opened, i am sure atleast 20 of 100 people either just cannot open it or will do some damage during the attempt. Overall its entycing to begin with and use but feel dejected in a month with the quality standards, being a Sony Ericsson user from 2001 to 2009, then bberry for last 5 years, Nokia came as a big no no for its quality. I am dumping it in the recyle bin.
i'm now a loyal Flipkartian...thanks to the surprisingly accurate and precise process of every product i've ordered. I've been to a lot of online shopping portals, so i speak this out of experience...When it comes to you guys, hats off to your service. 5 stars :D
1. No FM support both in the Lumia 620 hardware and in the Windows 8 OS. Even if the Amber update for Windows 8 arrives Lumia 620 still cant play FM whereas 520 can. This is because the audio system in Lumia 620 cannot use the headphones as a FM antenna. Even Nokia X2 has a FM radio without the headphone as an antenna. I dont know why this phone is designed not to support FM at all. 2. No swype equivalent. Even if you try to use slydr you can set it as the default keyboard. Rather you may have to use it to type the words, copy it in clipboard and then paste it where you want which is not a convenient way. 3. The home screen organization is not simpler like android or IOS. I use Go launcher in my andriod phone to make it still simpler such that in the home screen without scrolling i can on/off bluetooth, data connnection, ring tone, brightness, wifi etc. 4. Still quality softwares are lacking. Nokia music isn't good enough and a quality music player like poweramp is not available. Some softwares which comes free with Android have to be purchased for Windows 8 5. For the last 2 years I was using Android(Gingerbread and ICS) but never my phone freezed, whereas my Lumia 620 freezed on the second day itself. I dont know if it is the problem of windows 8 or Nokia 6. I could not find any software for USB tethering yet Most of the problems lies with Windows 8 capabilities except for the lack of support for FM radio missing in the hardware, otherwise this phone's hardware is good for this price. Things that are good with this phone(for this price range) 1. Good visibility under sunlight 2. Good brightness auto adjustment according to the surroundings 3. Decent sound quality 4. Fluidity of touch screen 5. Configuring multiple emails is easy and works well
Internet is very fast.no hanging like android.love lumia.best phone in the market....jst go for it...............................................................................................................................................................................................
I got Lumia 620 recently and I have only good things to say about this winner from Nokia! Combination of robust hardware and a smooth OS (WP8) with intuitive UI makes Lumia 620 a breeze to use. I am not going to list the features and highlights, but only experience. The phone is comfortable to hold in hand as well as in the pocket. The screen is clear and responsive. Setting up the phone (WiFi, accounts etc.) is also hassle-free. Flexibility of the live tiles feature is very handy to have all the necessary stuff ready to reach in the home screen. I was not a fan of WP but after using this phone I have changed my opinion. Nokia has ensured, for the price, no harsh compromises are made; the user gets full value for money. Some small niggles like single volume control for ring-tone and music are not a handicap, in my opinion. Lumia 620 should be high in the shortlist for those looking for a phone that caters to moderate use of 3G and/or WiFi but serves all needs eloquently. No other smart phone in its price band comes close to it in terms of specs.
Just received the phone yesterday and I am in love with the OS. Its one of the best mid range phones in this segment and price range. Windows OS has everything one could ask for. Huge range of apps available in the Store. Its a must buy...
I didnt buy tis here n have been usin tis for 3 months n after reading the reviews here I decided to clarify some of the problem faced by others. 1. Display: With a screen res. of 480x800 da display s clear, bright n the brightness can also be adjusted 4m Settings.The default font size is small but it can be changed to a bigger size(I wear specs n 1ce I had changed to a bigger size I had no probs n readin).It also has a start screen with live tile function. 2. Camera: It can be accesed even from lock screen n all other camera apps 4m tere itself. 3. Messaging: Messages can be forwarded, copied or resended.Just tap+hold da msg n a pop up menu will come with da options "forward,","copy","delete".Messages needin to b resend r stored n drafts 4m where u can resend them. 4. Calls: U can make calls as long as 3 hrs.(M a grl so trust me on this). 5. Store True that it has less apps than android but the windows market is developing with new n games being added almost everyday.Also it does have many paid apps but u can always use the trail versions n they give almost the complete experience of the apps n games minus some features. Also each app is certified by windows which means no need to worry about viruses. 6. Music: Nokia Music is the best u can find. Also it has many other cool feature like kids corner, app highlights,accurate offline maps n voice navigation (u can only get this in Nokia)IE 10 browser which is fast n safe. All this makes it worth evry penny..
Bought this phone a fortnight ago through Flipkart. Got it within three days of booking. Keep it up Flipkart. Coming to the phone, its not a phone to be use for day to day usage. Mail applications are very good. Touch, brightness under sunlight are excellent. But the biggest drawback is that for the people who have migrated from normal phone to a smart phone will find it difficult to use. Its not the Nokia we know for as a very user friendly device. I'm still struggling to understand some common usability like, storing contacts, messaging(not chat) etc. the phone will link everything with your windows account and will behave as an email account. You cannot forward a message neither you can resend. Messaging function will behave like chat application. Settings function also doesn't have the core functionality. Every time you try to install something it will ask you to share that. Above all the battery back up is horrible. It can hardly give the back up of two days even you don't use it much. Network also goes off an on very frequently. Its a wrong decision I've made.
I am very much impressed with your work and commitment. The product I'd received is running very well, there no question about quality of that product and your work. In comparison to others, there are fruad. They sell things at a price of double to the original price with cheap quality.
I got Lumia 620 and am impressed very much by this phone.. Pros: 1. Very handy.. 2. Look is really great. 3. A good change if you are bored of using android mobiles.. Cons: Headphones are not as expected..Its not worth while comparing with the phone To summarize, Lumia 620 is for people who expect smartphone in 15k price range and to have a handy mobile...
Had bought Nokia Lumia 620 Magneta through Flipkart and recived it within 2 days but then was very dissapointed with the phone, it has starting problem, i kept the phone for charging for more then 4 hours but still whle switchin the power button its just shows the nokia strtup sign and goes off..But doesnt turn on, tried several times but same issue.. Never Go for Lumia !!
You just can't - whichever platform you look into - Android/WP8/Symbian. At a 13K INR price segment, this is the best you can get! A clearblack display, awesome touch, great camera and a very sturdy and beautiful design makes this phone a winner! The only problem I noticed that the matted back surface catches a lot of dirt and smudges.
I rate it one of the best phones procured by NOKIA with superb display, superb sound quality and very elegant look. I would have loved if NOKIA has given fm-radio facility too. Anyways that will be available through an app but on internet cost. No other cons and I am using it since a month.
I brought my lumia 620 two months before.. and this two month im feeling the world with my mobile.. really this is the only phone.. please buy this and enjoy your world.. Dont hear any rumors from your android friends. dont think of buying this..
I bought this phone a month ago with lot of excitement.Nokia given best in this phone but it needs lot of improvement interms of Windows 8 1. Volume Button: If we change volume of music,it even changes volume of incoming call 2. Vibrate+Ring: it vibrates then rings, its not vibrate and ring 3. Apps: Apps are not so good, needs lot of improvements 4. Maps: Nokia maps are really good 5. Power Button: They are not using buttons properly for multi-tasking, Like power button ends calls etc 6. Push Notificaiton: there are no push notifications for mails and etc 7. Call history: Call history wont display the time duration and exact call details 8. SD Card: There is no proper app to display content properly 9. Office 365: it wont open files which has password protected 10. Contacts: Contacts cant be saved with multiple phone numbers, it has fixed optoins like mobile mobile 2 etc 11. Auto words: Auto words are not coming all the times with all applications
This was my dream to buy a mobile since many days and i have decided to buy it from FlipCart. Model is v good and i am satisfied with that. amazing touch response, sound quality, and fair features are provided. Latest messenger like WeChat and WatsApp were already installed with the handset.
I bought this mobile few days back.flipkart survice is nice. while coming to phone nice smart phone in the reasonable cost to having all applications nicely.who ever be feel to be diff.go for lumia to use windows mobile.nothing be worry all things be there to do safely like android mobiles. and the store which given in this mobile is very nice to pick ur lovly apps for u r smart use.Go for it. when coming to battery back up, its also nice. when ur using 3G data u feel battery back up some what less bt its not that much prob.
The phone is simply awesome... In all the reviews Ii read about this phone, the only disadvantage that was listed is the limitation of apps. I assure you that this is not a limitation at all since there are a great number of windows apps available in the store and some amazing apps come free. I didn't find this a constraint at all. Nokia Maps, and Here Drive is really amazing... Just uses GPS so u don't need to waste your internet bills, and the directions are 95% accurate in city environments even during negative tests. It has all the features that an android smartphone has, and windows seems more stable. The phone does not hang at all. Battery lasts for 1.5 day plus with 1-2 hrs of internet surfing daily and half an hour of talk. Wifi drains the battery so use that carefully...
hiii guys ....bought this phone few days back...love the display...good screen size neither very large nor small perfect..good experience with window 8 os..very good touch sense..camera is good..overall good buy... cons...battery is slight low
Phone build quality is excellent, Camera is above average , not much effective in dark with its Flash for continues clicks though its very much appreciated in daylight clicks. Video recoding very disappointing .. (night shoot is pain) Front camera not disappointing too but one has to make sure to face opposite to good light while on video chat. I am in love with its touch interface & its best in class clearbalck view display its never disappoint in direct sunlight. Windows Mobile 8 is cool and easy OS & joy to use on this device with Kids zone feature. Lacks in appstores for the applications which are running on androids mostly and good to have one.. Disappointed with Trucaller application installed from Appstore it does not work as it should works on androids for detecting callers. (manual efforts to search in app though) Nokia apps are great like maps, drive, citilens, smartshoot to name a few. Best phone one can get at this price. Just go for it if you are not that crazy on the app runing in maket.
Recently purchased Lumia 620 from Flipkart. The product was cheaper compared to market price. Lumia 620 is fantastic & Windows 8 is very user friendly. Just learning to use this phone. GUI , Apps & Nokia offline maps are the best features.
Jan - I need a phone!!! Google search.....620 with an all new OS to be available soon Feb to april - long wait for it & 720. April - Finally bought lumia 620. My first smart phone. May - Music that i love........ too difiicult initially to handle because of too many settings & top of it with the worst earphone i ever had... searching , trying to figure out things. Photograph quality is OK , Video quality very good but don't know how to arrange them... June - Downloaded lots of music and all that stuff. Youtube videos look very good in it.Downloaded some games from x box. Found NFC use difficult than sending via bluetooth. Overall very good ( i have never used android)My previous phone was a feature phone Samsung Monte) i can tell it had a windows player having far better integration of settings on a single screen than that of lumia 620. ( May be i still have a hangover of that phone in my mind.!!!........) One problem don't know why but it sometimes automatically sends MMS instead of SMS..........costs too much. But , Finally i want to say this phone at this price is a value for money considering overall package ........... only thing being it's battery sucks. Very good screen readaibility under the sun , good touch , sending via bluetooth too dificult ,. More updates later
I got this phone recently. The experience on this phone is good. I would rank it 9.5/10 for its look. Nokia store and Microsoft has given lots of useful apps in apps store. Certain apps are similar to android. The phone do not hang unlike other smart phones. The user interface is excellent, smooth and the screen dances with you finger movement. No additional desktops, one main screen and have all your shortcuts on it, that is lovely. The internet using WiFi and 3G are good. Music is simply marvelous with Dolby stereo. Though the reviews say that the screen resolution is low, i felt the screen clarity is good. The phone is handy and comfortable to handle in single hand unlike the latest touch phones with big screen. Features which i liked for uniqueness is: 1) Internal memory 8GB 2) Nokia City lens 3) Battery life 4) user friendly OS Windows 8 5) Ringtone maker 6) Alphabetic arranged menu and phone book 7) Budget phone with all features equivalent to a costly smart phone.
this is the very best phone for starting level to smart phones. I am using since a month and its awesome. IT is the best among this price range. Windows is interactive UI. It is going smooth on the provided OS and RAM and processor. Updates are widely expected from windows. Overall its a great product. Handy and beautiful. I have checked few other models in the same price range. but this is the best till now.
Nokia Lumia 620 is very good.....Good looking and having an outstanding performance...... All apps are very suppportive...... I reccomend this phone...... Thanks to Nokia for a wonderful coming back with an awesome range of windows phone.... Keep this good R&D works and pls help ur regular customers...........
I've been using this for a month now and I'm ever more convinced that Lumia 620 is undoubtedly THE BEST PHONE FOR THE PRICE POINT. Windows phone is really convenient to use and the minimalist design and in-built applications such as music and video player, MS Office and PDF reader make life easy. I've tried to break up the review into the following sub-topics. Also since several of the previous reviews involve similar views, I'll keep it short and to the point. Design & Build - 5/5 It's the best-looking phone I've ever laid my hands on. The back panel is pretty sturdy and has a premium finish, feels very nice. However I found inserting the SIM card into the tray a bit of an agony. I guess it's same with all the smartphones these days; microSIM. Operating System - 5/5 Fast, fluid and dramatically beautiful, as Microsoft puts it. The Swanky Start screen is a refreshing change from the boring and ubiquitous Android App tray. You can manage all your accounts be it gmail, facebook or twitter. All in one place and you never need to login to your account. This strong social network integration is arguably the best part Windows phone 8. About the File explorer, you really don't need one on WP when you have the beautiful hubs for music, videos, and the likes. And task manager? I don't give a damn. This is Windows Phone and it's not app-centric as Android is. Lags? Extremely rare only when you overload it with 5-6 simultaneous apps. Multi-tasking? Quite convenient with the Home and Back buttons. App Store - 4/5 Doesn't even come close to Android or iOS, we all know that, but the Windows Phone is getting there and fast. You get almost all essential apps that are on andriod as well. It is to mentioned that the WP store is not filled too many crappy apps that are of no use (as in Play Sore). And every app comes at much smaller size than at Play Store which means you'll never need your SD card to install apps. The in-built phone memory is of added value in this scenario; lots of space. But Nokia Music is proves to be so good. I no longer browse the web for music. Free offline music as well with mix radio. They've got all the music genres out there and with a fast data connection (or wifi) download is pretty fast. The categories of top songs and artist bio all amazing. Love it! Camera - 4.5/5 As would expect from Nokia, pretty good and evidently leads the pack at the price range. Nokia adds even more value with the custom lenses like panorama (works beautifully well), smart shoot, blink, cinemagraph etc. Battery - 3.5/5 A minor glitch there, only a 1300 mah cell? Nokia should have really put in a 1500 mah one, considering that Lumia 520 has a 1430 mah battery :( But with average usage, the phone lasts for well over a day. However GPRS browsing seems to quickly drain the battery by a lot. Wifi would be a better option. But I don't think most smartphones will offer a battery backup of more than a day, so there, there. I can go on forever. But on every other front you could think of, Nokia Lumia strikes the right notes. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who's looking at a phone at this price range. I'm not arguing that WP is better than Android or iOS. It's just that at the mid-range market Windows Phone devices offer much better than Andriod devices which struggle to give you a smooth user experience as the flagship (30-40k devices). With WP, the performance is uniform across all devices. Come flagship devices I'd be wise to stick to Android devices (Samsung, HTC). Windows Phone is still growing as an OS and it begs to differ from the mainstream operating systems out there. Kudos to Nokia and Microsoft for giving us phenominal bang for the buck.
This phone is really awesome superb Touch ,better then any other android touch phone its Enough Application as well game lover will also love this phone Windows Mobile 8 is class All the Nokia apps are great like maps, drive, citilens, smartshoot to name a few. Some useless apps available in android & ios are not available here but who cares about useless apps.
i am using this phone from April, 2013. please read carefully before you plan to buy this phone. 1. this phone has some memory used as other storage, which can neither accessed by the user nor you can delete those files under other storage head, nokia has an app storage check but that will not let you delete some files of other storage, as a result a part of your phone memory will be unused and it will grow day by day, in my case this is now 980 mb out of 7.2 gb. 2. the phone comes with microsoft's internet explorer 10, which is quite fast and good, but ie10 not allows user to download any thing over internet, you can not download music, videos and other multimedia using ie10 on your phone or it downloads but your can not access those files. 3. the phone does'nt allow users to install apps, games as well as documents too on the sd card supported. all these things will be installed on phone memory only. All the facts i have written are only the negatives of this phone, any other area not mentioned here, lumia 620 performs out of class. I also invites suggestions from the flipkart forum, if someone found solutions to these things. THANKS.
1.Some looser's doesn't know that the FM is enabled in the hardware, Microsoft working on it,May be in the next update we can get the FM app in the software side :) 2.Am using lumia 620 for more than a month,really i dont need a file manager..! to access music,Music App is there for videos vise versa :) 3.Why do you need Task manager ? before buy a mobile read the expert reviews fully and then buy :P 4.Worth the money :)
I have been looking for a smartphone for over a week. Lumia 620 seemed to be good from the start. Xperia L was another option. As if flipkart has read my mind, on 25th there was a huge discount on 620 and also got a free 16GB micro sd free..!! There was not much to think about...I just bought it then and there..!! The phone built is really good...feels solid in hands (well atleast for me). I'm new to windows phone so still exploring the phone..!! Nokia City Lens, Drive plus and Maps are just amazing. The headset is really disappointing though..!! Bad build quality...feels cheap..and listening to music is horrible even with the Dolby settings and equalisers..!!! That's the only downside I had :(
Battery seems to be an issue...did not even last for a whole day..with full charge...memory card slot not working...have contacted flipkart ..have said they will call me ...else everything works like a charm..two stars taken for memory slot not working
Firstly i want to thanks NOKIA for creating such a wonderful phone thanks nokia and this time u r back in smartphone market big time... PROS: Cheerful and happy looking phone Good camera with awesome led flash. Good for gamers...Having mid range budget of 15k. Great looking phone ... the processor of the phone dual core it functioning great does not lag when gaming or multitasking. All in all a must buy for all 15 k range customers...
the phone is really awesome with a great screen quality, camera is ok ok, nokia music is the best part for music lovers but the only problem with tis phone is battery backup...i know android has unlimited apps bt still at tis price there is no other phone wid such great features...Its very user friendly...thanks 2 flipkart as i gt the phone @13k...
Nokia Lumia 610 is just not working. Its not even three months we have bought and the phone has become dead slow. None of the internet applications work even on 2G, wifi or on 3G connection. Leave aside the music or nokia drive which is pathetic and takes more than five minutes to just open the folder. Had visited Nokia store and Care and to my astonishment they both agreed that Nokia Lumia 510 and 610 has problems and they cannot do not anything but to format the phone and there is no guarantee that 520 or 620 will not have problems. The experience mentioned above has been with four lumia phones in my known.
Hi friends. I am writing this review after using it for a week. live tiles and camera apps are awesome and I love it. It allows you to play HD videos and the colors are brilliant in it. you wont find much apps for your phone. The most worrying factor is the battery. It cant even last for even 10hrs. within 3hrs of browsing and downloading half of the battery power is gone. If you are a game lover this is not a right option.
To avoid all the confusion over the selection of a smartphone, I just opted for a trustworthy choice -the Nokia Lumia 620. My smartphone comes with awesome features like a dual core1 GHz Snapdragon S4 processor along with 512 MB RAM that helps me move briskly through different applications and games with ease. One of the features that makes my Lumia 620 stand out, is its 5 MP camera laced with the super cool SmartShoot feature. With Smart Shoot, my Lumia 620 clicks a series of snaps, and I can selectively change the expression of individuals to get perfect snap. The Cinemagraph feature is another cutting-edge addition to my Lumia 620, as it lets me animate photos to post them on my social networking accounts. Due to my phone’s 3G support and the front camera, I can video chat with my friends, or call my brother-in-law in New Jersey. While I am on the move with my family, the Map and Drive apps help me to reach my destination without any difficulty. With HERE City Lens, Nokia’s augmented reality app, searching for obscure locations in new locations is easy.
I bought this phone 2 months back, initially it was working well and gud, but suddenly i faced a problem. It will suddenly start vibrating and will not stop even if u switch it off. I got that problem 1 month back, but ignored because it ddnt hpn frequently, but after 15 days again i started seeing it hpning so gave it for repair. giving it 3 start for clearblack technology, here drive and for gud enf speed with 512 MB ram and 1GH processor.
First of all awesome service and delivery from Flipkart. I got this mobile for Rs. 13394 from Flipkart. About mobile Awesome phone....... and windows 8 is really great. Previously i was using galaxy Pop Android os but after using this mobile windows 8 i dont wanna use android os again. Mobile screen is absolutely perfect for middle hand users not so big not so small. Main thing is Battery backup of this mobile is awesome on full 3G network with Normal usage(3G surfing, Video songs, some of Games, with some camera shoots, SMS andphone calls) is about 1 Day and on 2G network its about 1.5 Days. once you add your email+facebook+microsoft+Nokia accounts in mobile then forget worries about your accounts passwords and all. Phone will links all your contacts with their facebook and email accounts. On windows 8 all are original and trusted company apps are there, no fake apps. All your Information are safe in your mobile even your credit card no. and credit card password. if you are expecting a High graphical games on this mobile then this mobile is not meant for you. This mobile can handle Asphalt 7 Heat game bt this game is paid bt windows provide try version for all their paid games and apps. In this mobile you get offline maps and turn by turn navigation. In this mobile you can also get Nokia Music Unlimited music download and listening for lifetime. That's all about mobile and all. Thank you. Hope my review will help you.
Superb screen quality - with clearblack technology Camera(5MP) is good & fun - with cinemagraph, smart shoot etc Navigation experience is simply awesome with 'citylens' and 'here maps' windows phone 8 OS got appealing looks together with nokia's vibrant colours. I can't find any cons with this device except the battey life, not good for continuous gaming or watching videos.
Nokia Lumia 620 in an excellent product in its range.. I was using Android for last 3 yrs & opted this product for change only & after owning this product I must say that there are lot of rumours about Windows phone in market. This product is extremely well and fulfills all my needs & requirements of apps i needed. The another best part is Flipkart Service I have ordered it on 9th June 2013 (Sunday) & recieved it on 11th june 2013. Thanks to Flipkart Team.
Being a college student, I had been looking for a budget phone for myself lately and that is when my eyes dawned upon Nokia Lumia 620, which I consider as one of my wisest choices till date. The phone has till now lived up to my expectations. To switch to a Windows phone was a tough decision, but I never really regretted it any instant, as Nokia has been doing great work on its OS. Back to the phone, it never stops me from making a style statement with its set of interchangeable covers that come in splendid colours: lime green, orange, magenta, yellow, cyan, white and black. They allow me to match them with my mood and panache. My Nokia Lumia 620 is light at 127g and fits well in the hand. It can be operated with just one hand unlike other smartphones out in the market today. The 3.8in TFT touchscreen with a pixel density of 246 ppi is a treat for the eyes and keeps me in awe whenever playing videos or games on it. Integrated with Nokia’s innovative ClearBlack technology, it delivers high contrast, crystal clear display at an unparalleled level. This technology also enhances the readability in direct sunlight. The 5 MP camera makes me forget my professional camera when I go out roaming with my friends these days. The camera comes pre-installed with some cool features, like the all new Cinemagraph feature that lets me animate my pics, sometimes even making them look funny by the process. The SmartShoot digital lens is another super cool feature that lets me take a stream of pics with a single click. So when clicking a group, I need not pay attention if all are giving me their best pose, as later on I can pick the best expressions from all the pics and put them down in one. The City Lens feature never lets me miss out on eating joints, pubs, shopping centres or movie theatres when I am travelling. The coolest feature for a games freak like me is Xbox 360 support that gives me the power to use the phone as my Xbox controller. It can also be used as a keyboard or a mouse. Now for me, that is icing on the cake. My Lumia 620 comes pre-loaded with Internet Explorer 10, Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint and becomes my office on the go. It runs off a 1 Ghz dual-core Snapdragon processor coupled with an Adreno 305 GPU and 512 MB of RAM. These specs are more than sufficient to run all high-end apps and games. The phone comes preloaded with 8 GB of internal memory expandable up to 64 GB with a microSD card slot. All users are also offered 7 GB of SkyDrive storage which is yet another incentive to invest one’s money into the device. The battery life is also impressive with approx. 14.6 hrs of 2G talk time and 10 hrs of 3G talk time.
Nothing to say more, just few words. This phone is awesome, fast, easy to use. If you like few android games then this phone is not for you. Except this Windows phone is far more better than android phones of same range.
After having used a multitude of phones, right from the basic ones to the high-end smartphones, I have come to the conclusion that my new Nokia Lumia 620 is the best choice for me in terms of cost-effectiveness and state-of-the-art features. The Lumia series itself from the Finnish brand has been nothing short of a revelation, but my Lumia 620 is the optimum choice. The thing that most impressed me was the daring that Nokia had, to adopt Microsoft’s Windows 8 platform considering it was new and untested before. The risk, I have to say, has paid rich dividends. The Windows 8 platform on my Lumia 620 looks rich, classy and extremely refined – a break away from the grid-based common menu system of Androids and iPhones. To delve into the features of Windows 8, it comes with PeopleHub, a mighty convenient feature that lets me tag all my pals to the home screen so that I receive all their social networking updates and birthday reminders right on my home screen. I do not have to take the effort of locating their social networking profiles and then navigating and browsing through them. The Live Tiles interface provides real-time updates and also lets me arrange all my frequently used apps on my home screen for easy access. As this is a Microsoft operating system, MS Office support is built into my Lumia 620. Word, Excel, PowerPoint; everything opens up in a jiffy and I can view and edit documents with ease. MS Outlook simulates my desktop email management experience to the T, helping me stay in touch with my friends and colleagues. On the entertainment and multimedia front too, my Lumia 620 is a champ. The built-in audio and video players support a variety of formats. Viewing videos, watching movies, previewing images and browsing the web – everything is a sheer joy on the 3.8-inch LCD touchscreen display. It comes with ClearBlack technology that injects high contrast and true-to-life colour in every image and provides enhanced readability under direct sunlight. The rear 5 MP camera on my Lumia 620 is a revelation with its capability to click great snaps due to the Carl Zeiss Tessar lens. With the integrated flash, low light photography renders equally good results. I use the SmartShoot and Cinemagraph digital lenses on my Lumia 620 frequently to very good effect. SmartShoot lets me create the perfect group shot due to its ability to snap up multiple shots and allowing me to edit them on the fly. Cinemagraph allows adding animation to still images. All the processing power of my Lumia 620 comes from the 1 GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 Processor and 512 MB RAM. Navigation is smooth and glitch-free and the lag is nearly non-existent. On the memory front, my phone’s 8 GB of on-board storage memory is enough for data storage needs, but it comes with SkyDrive storage of an additional 7 GB just in case. The battery life is pretty good too and does not have me running around for a charging point.
I purchased this phone in the month of April. Ever since then, i have been visiting Nokia care center every weekend due to some or other issues. They updated my phone many times. Even then, since the issues were not fixed completely, they sent it to Chennai and after 12 days, gave me a replacement. Then in the new replacement phone internet sharing was not working. I was not able to share the internet with my laptop. They said they have to send it to Chennai(head office) again to fix it. I have to surrender my phone again @nokia care and wait till it comes back from Chennai. I would not say Lumia 620 is a bad one. at the same time, it is not a great phone either. That is my experience...Fed up of visiting Nokia care center every weekend. if you are lucky you will get a good one. otherwise, vising nokia care center would be your weekend routine....:) The common drawbacks of this phone are: 1. Photos taken at low light are not so good. If flash is used, the pictures become whitish. 2. The phone has got Dolby sound system. But the ear phones Nokia has given are cheap quality ones. What is the point of providing Dolby sound system with a below average earphones? you have to spend again on good ear phones.
I have purchased this product 2 months ago, and i found that its a good and really beautiful, if you purchase the green color. I am a music lover, the ear piece which you will get with this product is not so good. So, i want to purchase a new headphone for it. And i am confused to buy which would be better for it. Confused in CREATIVE, SKULLCANDY, JBL & SENNHEISER. I want a good bass quality headphone, should be around 500 rs to 1500 rs. Can anyone suggest a better one pls which must have a working mic and audio/volume controls..
I always prefer Nokia Mobiles due to its software features. Its PC suite software was very good and we can synchronize all our contacts and other stuffs between our PC and Phone. We can use the mobile as a modem whenever we require. we can update the OS using GPRS/Edge Connections. There are my such features I have never find in any other mobile like Samsung etc. But Lumia 620 does not have all these features. We cannot update the OS or language pack through any 2G or 3G mobile internet connection, and we need to use only Wi-Fi network for the same. I have purchased the mobile about 3month back and till today I could not update the OS and its language pack as wherever I goes I gets a secured Wi-Fi connection and I could not use it. Now for updating the Mobile OS I need to buy a Wi-Fi modem! We cannot use Lumia 620 as a modem using the USB cable or blue tooth connection as we do it in Nokia PC suite. We can share the internet connection only through a Wi-Fi net work. I am using a 3G net work connection with unlimited internet usage pack and I am unable to connect internet through my PC using my mobile as a modem. I cannot store /synchronize my mobile contact in to my PC using the windows phone application for Desktop. Only music, videos and pictures can synchronize. I cannot attach any documents from my windows phone while sending mails, and if I forward the mails with attachment to a third party the attachment will be missing. To send the mail with attachment, fist I have to open the attachment (open the full mail communication) then to forward. We cannot use mail box like outlook. We cannot use even basic features of MS office in its mobile version such as increasing cell widths or heights, inserting new columns or rows, etc. When mobile display in off mode, if any call comes I cannot receive the call directly by sliding up and the function does not works some times. For that I have to press the center button to make the mobile silent and power saving mode and press it again to make it happen. Most of the Nokia mobile has the problem of software hanging, re-booting, etc. and are regular problem for many of the Nokia phones. Sometimes I felt the same things with my Lumia 620 also. Some times the mobile getting heated up above nominal level. I have short listed Galaxy S duos before buying Lumia 620, however hearing about the features of windows 8 mobile version I quite interested in that as it was comparatively a budget phone for me. Since many people are using Android phones I look for a change. Since I have not used Android phones I cannot write any comparison between android and windows phone. However now I think that Galaxy S duos was better option compare to the Lumia 620 considering its Look and feel, price (it is about Rs.2500/- less than Lumia620), dual sim capability ( I am using 2 sims one for official and other one for personel) etc.
I have been using Lumia 800 past one year and 620 since 6 months. It is a very good phone for all purpose, especially social networking. But I loose almost 750 contacts out 1250 when transferring to a Android phone. Lumia will take all the contacts as it is from any phone even from Blackberry Bold but it is very difficult to transfer contacts from Lumia to a non windows phone. Even if you transfer through some application, you will get only one or two numbers of a contact not the full details such as email, website, home and office address such as. So this phone is a drawback for professional people who keeps lots of contacts and details. If this information helps you please vote for rating. Thank you.
First, WP8 is nowhere close to iOS or Android. The tile UI is cool but that's about the only positive thing you can say about WP8. There're a couple of cool apps from Nokia (Drive and Music) but they don't compensate for the lack of apps for a lot of other things a smartphone's supposed to do. Let me list out the bad stuff - 1) You absolutely need to connect your phone to a PC to manage your music. 2) There's no file manager app. You cannot manage storage on your SD card without connecting to a PC. 3) You can upload pics and videos, docs and app lists directly to Skydrive (you get 7 GB of free cloud storage) but there's no option to upload music. That would be very useful to use with Nokia's unlimited music subscription for 6 months. You download whatever you want and archive it in the cloud. 4) The facebook app by MS sucks. I don't see notifications for messages or friend requests. Other facebook apps are equally bad. 5) There's no quora app (yet). 6) Contact sync with gmail doesn't work. I can only see empty profiles of gmail contacts (no phone numbers or email ids). 7) No temple run. No instagram. 8) Frequent crashes. Further, this phone suffers from higher than normal return rates. I myself received a defective piece. It worked for a week but with battery problems. Battery would drain out extremely quickly - 100% to 25% in a couple of hours. Suddenly, yesterday the phone wouldn't turn on. I tried charging it for half-hour but it still wouldn't turn on. I called Flipkart about this and also told them about how it could be a faulty battery. They asked me to confirm this from a Nokia Care center and get a DOA to get a replacement. I've been to three Nokia cares and Priority centers and nobody would give me a DOA certificate. When I informed Flipkart about this, they told me they escalated the issue to some higher department and I should expect to receive a call from them in a day. Called them today and they ask me to wait another 24 hrs. The sad thing is this was supposed to be a gift to my Mom. I really hope flipkart resolves this somehow.
lumia 620 is a great product but big drawback is the battery , on average use battery hardly makes it to night after a early morning full charge , display is great , windows 8 is cool , camera is average . Have been using it for a month , touch function is good but at times noticed it does lag , at time unable to attend to incoming calls because the answers button does not work have to lock and unlock the phone for it to work , so far have seen the phone switch off by itself 3 times with enough battery back up. when i received the phone it would not detect the sd card , had called up flipkart , as per their advice had to restore to factory setting and then switch off and switch on the phone for the sd card to be detected by the phone , thks flipkart .
It is an excellent phone. Flipkart delivery is unmatchable, thanks to them. I was planning to buy nokia lumia 520 but wanted tonhave a phone with front camera and nfc so planned for this one and it did not disappoint me at all and was a wise decision. What is good about this phone 1. Perfect size, as i dont like too big phones which looks ugly when you carry them in pocket. It has the same size as of iphone. 2. It has got butter touch. 3. You get to experience windows 8 in this price. 4. I can use colour cases. I like the yellow one. 5. Camera quality is satisfactory. 6. Internet browsing is good. I have not experienced any lag. 7. You will experience dynamic/live icons which is the selling point for windows phones. What needs to be improved in this phone. 1. Battery life is not so good. You need to recharge it atleast once every day. 2. Application catalogue is not as good as ios or android. 3. Headphones provided along with this phone are too inferior. I dont know what nokia is upto. 4. There are only two home screens unlike ios or android where you find multiple screens though it may not be of much use. 5. I think nokia needs to improve on features like notifications etc.
The most sensational phone in the 14k range. Nokia has packed up this phone in such a nice way that you will not find any shortcoming in this phone. Totally awesome phone. If you are grown up trendy person (have no interest in games) this phone is for you. This phone has all the WOW factors.
I bought this phone 1 week back and trust me this is the best phone by nokia under 14k range.The display is awesome and even to super amoled screen.I love windows because of its sexy UI. Response of this phone is very nice because of snapdragon s4 processor. And colors i love it.I got Lime green color phone and can change the panels as well as theme also.thank you nokia.
i have bought this phone before 4 days through flipkart.. BY READING THESE REVIEWS EVERYONE THINKS THAT THIS IS THE BEST PHONE EVER..... but the fact is you will not be satisfied as android platform.. fisrt of all no many free apps than android (even angry birds is paid).. with out mobile data your phone is like DEAD.. Camera clarity is fair and you wil not be having file manager to view and modify your files.. you can make video calls through internet only not through your mobile operator.. the touch is awesome and apps which are avaliable freely works with out lags..
if you are a battery lover and want a good battery back up u should not try to afford it any wayz a phone almost equivalent to a PC would eat your battery so don't hope much dont buy if you want to gift to old people would not be that much user friendly pros: windows8,good touch,automatic brightness adjust,screenshot(although copied from apple :) ),very good apps,nokia music, cons: drains quickly if you use wifi or gps,stupid headset given with box at last :( so sad that flipkart is not shipping to my place
Firstly, I was so afraid to buy this phone. People were keep telling me this will not be a good idea. There are very few apps for windows phone. I did a lot of research.Finally, I decided to go for Nokia Lumia 620. Now I am very satisfied with this phone and its applications. It was a good call and I am happy for it. According to my requirement only two things are missing..1) FM 2) Forward and rewind for music player. Overall this is best phone I ever used.
Pro's: 1. Windows 8 OS. 2. Looks, the screen and its clarity. 3. Nokia Music. It's simply brilliant. The best music app out there. Combined with a 3G connection, ANY song can easily be searched, and downloaded in under 10 seconds. 4. Nokia Drive (now known as HERE Drive) and Nokia City Lens (now HERE City Lens). 5. The color of the tiles can be changed. So you don't have to stick with single coloured tiles throughout. 6. Low SAR value. Con's: 1. With a lot of downloading, battery doesn't last too long. No complains though! 2. No Temple Run. But that's fine. 3. No Google Chrome App. But Internet Explorer 10 is good. 4. No good antivirus or mobile security app. But I doubt that's needed, considering Windows is pretty safe! 5. If you overload the phone with a lot of multitasking, there will be an occasional hang. Verdict: 1. Pro's outweigh the Con's. 2. Best in class.
I purchashed this product from flipkart 2 weeks back and as scores of people have highlighted, their service is really good. I got the phone shipped within 3 working days of placing order. Now about the phone itself, Lumia 620 looks elegant and its clear black screen stands out. So does the windows 8 live tile interface.The processor is fast but sometimes it becomes slow while doing multitasking. I havent played games on this yet so cant talk about that. Battery back up is not great even for a smartphone standard. The phone hangs up sometimes and restarts itself. (windows achiles heel) Camera quality is not that great and front camera reminds that of Nokia 6600. However, features like cinemagraph, panorama etc are decent. Audio quality is good (especially calls). Nokia has improved on this front. The app store for widows is evolving but not as exhasutive as the android or apple ecosystem. But all major required apps are available there. Overall, the phone is a decent buy. But wont rate it as awesome even at this price range.
This is my first smart phone and I am pretty happy with it. Others have given a detailed description of the specs and the advantages. Just wanted to mention 2 cons though 1. many have mentioned that the no of apps available in windows platform is low. Though it is true, i felt most of the regularly used apps are there in some version or the other. my problem is with the updation. Updation of the status in the live tile is not up to date and many times one has to enter the app to know the updates. eg. you get a msg thru viber, it doesnt show on the screen sometimes and you will come to know about it only when you open the app. 2. when activating blue tooth the phone hangs. except for these 2 cons, I am so much in love with this phone....
i am regular customer of flipkart, but this mobile is not purchased outside the flipkart. using the phone from past 3 months Upside: Nice screen transition Good Battery Backup camera is good good looking Downside: Not true multitasking(only one task at a time, other task are suspended till they are opened)eg: if u recording voice, if some other task is carried at the time of recording, recording is suspended, until you open recording task. apps are too few compared to android no app for file manager, log control(u can not count for no of call minutes in a month, especially for post paid users) search a contact by mobile number is not available sometimes automatic restart of mobile is observed, get over heated on continuous usage finally when lumia 620 is 14K and lumia 520 is 9k... there is no much variation between two (mainly LCD and multitouch)... why there is so much of price variation?
I used to have an Iphone 4 after that an S3 and now the Nokia 620. And for the price, it is great. Windows Phone 8 is easy to use smoooth and clear. Unlike android which has tons of features and you just can't choose what to do. Camera on this phone is not to good, but still, if you consider the price and relative to other phone it is great. Def. Better than the Samsung S3 mini. Windows Phone 8 FTW!
Very nice phone in this price range..fantastic touch and look. You will get feel of satisfaction once started using it. Please go for it if you bored of Android, really so many people have doubts on windows8 OS...
as told by viktor to go for 720 by paying 3-4k extra. 3-4K IS NOT A SMALL AMOUNT. ALSO WHY SHOULD ONE PAY 3-4K EXTRA WHEN ONE GETS THE SAME HARDWARE. LET ME TeLL YOU THE CONS OF 720 1)RAM IS 512MB(SAME AS 620 AND 520 I.E CANNOT PLAY HD GAMES LIKE MODERN COMBAT 4 AND TEMPLE RUN WHICH REQUIRE 1GB RAM) 2)UNIBODY-CANNOT CHANGE BACK COVERS LIKE 620 AND 520(STRUCK TO ONE COLOUR) THE ONLY GOOD THING FOUND IN THE 720 IS THE CAMERA(BETTER THAN MY SAMUSNG GS2'S CAMERA).OTHERWISE ALL THE FEATURES ARE THE SAME. MY ADVICE BUY A 520/620 AND BUY A 64GB CLASS 6 CARD.
Nokia Lumia 620 is my 2nd smartfone, 1st was samsung Galaxy Y. At first i ws confused between HTC oneV, S advance and NL 620. first 2 being discontinued made me to stick to 620. Now I am satisfied with this phone except one or two negatives... But first let me tell its pros Pros; 1. Stunning looks n freaky colors (mine is black, which is awesome with Clear black display) 10/10 2. Great OS, windows Phone 8 is great 10/10 3. Clear Black display 4. Integration of Social Networks 5. Dolby Digital Sound 6. Offline Navigation ( I havent checked it personally, since am yet to download maps) 7. Dual band wifi ,NFC 8. Small size wen compared to nowadays slate like smartphones Cons: 1. Battery life, 1300mAh is hardly enough for this phone even ma previous galaxy Y had a 1200mAh 2. Compatibility f some files, some videos/music cant be played (files downloaded from u2be can be played(mp4, 360p) bt videos captured in my galaxy Y couldnt !!!)I dnt knw d reason!! 3. MS office cant open documents in SD card, only in phone memory Nokia LUmia 620 s suitable for moderate users like me... Overall rating : 8.5/10
I had my first hands-on experience with the Nokia Lumia 620 when my friend got one. Just when the whole world is going berserk over android, it comes laced with the Windows Phone 8 operating system that’s much speedier and has a much better interface. Also the dual-core 1 GHz Snapdragon S4 processor and 512 MB RAM lets me access everything easily while providing a smooth multitasking experience. With the Live tiles feature, I can stay updated all the time and since I am smitten by the social networking bug, all updates, post and comments are readily available on the homepage. Thanks to the humongous 3.8-inch LCD screen that integrates ClearBlack technology, the Lumia 620 is like a mini home theatre system where I can watch movies endlessly. The 5 MP camera laced with the Smart Shoot feature is a hit. It lets me change the expressions and compose a perfect shot! The Cinemagraph feature lets me selectively animate photos and then post them to social networks in just a click. Also, the Lumia 620 comes with 3G support and a front camera, which enables video chatting with friends or family!
Pros: 1.Smooth touch; screen resolution awesome 2.Processor is good 3.Music good; videos excellent Cons: 1.Sharing via blue-tooth is not user friendly(one could share photoes & songs easily but pdf files have no blue thooth sharing options..and the videos only could be shared moving them to the camera roll folder) 2.There is no file-manager showing in the hand set...this is really a serious problem(if someone wants to manage his pics,musics etc he needs the help of Computer or laptop...I think this is not desirable) 3.I have to say the battery life of this phone is unlike NOKIA.
I am using this phone for almost a month now. The visual look is impressive and the hardware is sturdy. Pros: Excellent display & UI Good OS Ok Camera Cons: Battery life could have been still better File management should have been included Sometimes the response is slow Overall good phone worth buying at this price range.
Fluid Interface Awesome Look and Feel. Limited Functionality and very limited applications. Good music on good Headphones. Have give ridiculously cheap headset along with the phone. Would love to see this phone have a good camera and a Good flash. And both are deficient.
Bought this mobile 4-5 days back(not from flipkart though). Guys trust me, a phone worth its value. only con that got me worried is the battery backup. the phone has some serious issues regarding battery backup if you enable the data services(that too with only 2G enabled). otherwise,like i told earlier,this is a phone worth buying.
i am in search of a good phone in around 15k to 20k and i find lumia 620,samsung grand and htc desire x plzz clear my doubt that weather lumia 620 has bluetooth FILE SHAREING or not. and plzz suggest me the best phone among those plz any one help me
How many apps can be installed in 512 mb ram of lumia series phones? Are there any restrictions as such that after installing a number of apps it will refuse to install new apps or simply the phone's speed will come down drastically? it happens in my android, so i want to clarify before investing in this phone! anyone?
Guys I am planning to buy a Windows phone now as I am a big fan of Nokia, used it for past 5 years before i switched to samsung last year, so I would like to know some important app's available on WinOS phones or not or are paid - 1. Whatsapp 2. Skype 3. Instagram 4. Youtube 5. Viber and which famous games are available for free ? I would be thankful if any of you provide a true answer to this
I already own a HTC desire x and just got a lumia 620 24 hrs back Here's a comparison between the two. LUMIA 620 - Buttery smooth OS( almost similar to IOS) - great screen - excellent sunlight legibility -good camera -super responsive screen -special apps for camera to enhance user experience - Snappy processor and GPU HTC DESIRE X -lags now and then -sunlight legibility not as good as lumia - average camera - lack of Nokia like apps for camera. - under powered processor and GPU Some people sight lack of apps on windows market place as the limiting factor. True Windows marketplace is just evolving, but personally i don't download much of apps. The only apps i downloaded were to optimise/speed up the phone. To get the kind of processor and GPU as Lumia you have to pay a bomb for HTC phones. Basically anyone looking for a snappy fast super responsive phone and not too bothered about tons of apps go for Lumia 620
Nokia's contribution to lumia 620 is good. Decent hardware configuration. But windows OS has several cons too. 1.No file explorer. Unable to browse through files in the phone or SD card. 2. Background tasks remain in suspended state. It might be good for some applications but not all. 3. After I transferred a pdf file to my phone by bluetooth I had no clue where was the file stored and it not possible to search for a particular document. 4. Call duration is not recorded. 5. Call recording is not possible, even a basic phone has it 6. Network reception is not that good as its expected from nokia 7. Battery is slightly above average. PROs Pros are 1. Swift performance 2. Awesome games 3. Great graphics
1] Dual shot panels looks cool and indeed sturdy. There are a bunch of colors to choose from. 2] Best display with Nokia - ClearBlack technology. Use it under a direct sunlight with no difficulty. 3] Nokia apps are just awesome and very helpful. Nokia Music, Mix Radio, Here Drive, Here Maps, Here Transit, Here City Lens and may more for free. Remember you get the offline maps and Nokia Music only on Nokia devices. 4] Camera with Smart Shoot. One click will take several shots, pick the best you like. You also get a front facing camera for video calls. 5] Snapdragon™ S4 - Dual-core 1 GHz processor with 512 MB RAM. Trust me this is more than sufficient to run this device butter smooth. 6] The last and the best part is it’s a Windows Phone. Use this for few days and I'm sure you'll never touch any other OS.
Its an awesome piece from Nokia, this a review after one day usage. The only prob is apps instead. Of that this is very good mobile with the price under 15k. There is a problem while typing its little tough,to,move the,cursor,camera the best,by nokia in low end
Dear Flipkart , I Am A Very Regular Customer & A Very Satisfied Customer As Well. As Of Now, That You Are Offering The Zero Processing Fee On EMI Alongwith The 16GB Memory Card Free - Kindly Get The "Nokia Lumia 620 - Cyan Colour" In Stock At The Earliest. I Am Waiting Desperately To Purchase This Mobile & I Simply Don't Even Want To Purchase The Same From Any Other Retail Outlet/Online Store. However, As You Aren't Having The Cyan Colour In Stock For Long Now - I Am Feeling Bad. Because, Looking At The Amazing Features That This Mobile Is Offering & As I Have Waited So Long For This Particular Model, I Now Simply Don't Want To Compromise On The Colour. So, Kindly Get The Cyan Colour In Stock & Notify Me At The Earliest. Awaiting A Super-Fast Notification From You At The Earliest.
hey guys, if u think urself smart enough,then go for lumia 620. & if u r not hadicapped,who always need help from somebody i.e Apps ,then go for android and move slowly slowly................... thnks.
BEST operating system for mobile devices till now and for upcoming few years will be android. Because. 1.its STABLE, yea..way more stable than any other OS including ios. 2.Google Play- its legendary(you will get any software simply below the sun). 3.Regular software updates. I hope nokia will release android platform smart phones soon. avoiding android Os in 2013 is like your going kodaikkanal without taking mushrooms(just saying you know. :P ) my rating- 4 star for phone,1 star for Os.
THIS DEVICE DOES NOT ALLOW FILE TRANSFER EXCEPT FOR PHOTOS..The only purpose of the bluetooth is to recieve files..so this phone is not for all those who will be interested to send a file.this is seriously primitive.moreover, this does not allow you to browse all the files in your mobile.android is far superior all the way
Analysed Lumia 620 for quite few weeks and went for it. I have been using HTC touch viva -Windows 6.5 for 4 years and got addicted to it. The reason for windows is because I need to sync with my office Exchange Mail system. Period. Phone is very good as reviewed by lot others. Few of my inputs... 1. Apps are plenty now a days 2. Phone is pretty fast 3. Everthing like Live account, mails, nokia drive, maps, sky drive, phone update, contacts sync... are internet dependent. For appointment with Nokia care, nokia care apps automatically locates nearest service centre and give options to book an appointment which is very useful....Need to have a good data plan 4. Had problems with Wifi connectivity. Nokia & Windows online support was excellent and able to resolve. 5. Touch performance is smooth and precise, but the same thing cannot be said about typing eventhough dictionary populates hell lot of words 6. Very easy synchronising with Windows PC 7. Mail syncing especially google, yahoo is excellent and no words to describe about MS exchange... 8. Less number of touches enables to complete many tasks in shorter time.. There are lot other pros about the phone.... Things to consider 1. When the screen is locked, you need to slide up and answer the incoming call which causes delay 2. 3 button, especially "search" opens IE.. 3. Call history will give you the time of the calls and not the duration.. The above are Windows drawbacks and the below are Nokia shortcomings.. 1. Vibration mode is not at all effective 2.. Removing the back cover is not at all easy... you may need to push camera in and pull out the cover. Not an encouraging design. 3. Nokia plug is lousy such that the usb cable to be inserted sideways..Horrible design.. 4.. Battery lasts comfortably for 1 day. Having given decent display, internet , apps etc, battery should have been much better. Nokia's test results have been very encouraging if the phone is used only for calls... but how Nokia can expect to use these kind of phones only for making calls.. So if anyone whats to have a modern phone at a decent price, Lumia 620 is the best bet... I conclude by saying " Nokia + Microsoft" have given a truly professional phone to the consumers.. Well done..
Good things about this phone 1) Great processing speed, 100 times better than its counterparts. 2) Awesome for gamers (Just dont crave for temple run). 3) Nokia music with millions of songs. 4) super camera. 5) Best looking phone in this range. Bad things about the phone 1) Less applications as compared to android( although the apps u really need are in Windows also) 2) It's bad source of music. 3) Battery back-up is not good( but every smartphone has this problem) 4) Windows has less apps as compared to android. Final verdict: Go for it. It looks good, performs good.
After I researched in nearly every shop near my place,I found that the phone is cheapest in flipkart. I placed an order for my phone on wednesday and got my phone the very next day.The phone was well packed and sealed.As far as the phone is concerned it rocks.3.8" sceeen, 1ghz Qualcomm processor, 512mb ram and 14hrs battery backup(the main feature that attracted me to this phone).No other phone can provide such a wide range of features for this amount. On the whole typical flawless service from flipkart.
I have purchased this phone 3 days back and found that the phone is a SHIT!! No doubt this is a good package except that The battery never lasted more than 3 hours when i use the internet. What does a smartphone means without internet? And when my internet is on my battery completely drains in just 3 hours. So think before you buy this phone.
I have been using this phone from past one week, i have bought only this phone because of the hype found in the internet and flip-kart mainly. many a times the phone freezes, i am not able to lift calls, and also the back button some times doesn't respond. it has happened so many a before my friends who started laughing before whom i showed my excitement for buying a windows phone. buy this phone only u got bored by android. my another reason to buy this phone is due to my affection on nokia which it kept its promise by making this amazing looking phone. i think the problem is with OS
This phone is the best lumia, while 520 has same specs but lacking out some features. but i am concerned about battery, can i get 3 days of standy and 2 days of usage.. please tell me about this whoever used this phone..
For me this is the best smart phone anyone could get under 15k or maybe 20k! Windows 8's performance is just too good! It just looks stunning in a phone! Their are lot of good apps you could get for free from the nokia store.....although some of the useless apps that android offers are not present in windows....which is not at all an issue for me! The camera is good and every app works amazingly fast. I cant really get my hands off my phone! HD videos can be played with complete ease whether it be offline or in you tube! Just go for it.... i have seen every other phone in this range!...none of them stands even close to this gadget!!
