MOBDQSKKT8NRV76G
apart from battery life nd camera flash a quite good phone.......camera flash disappoint everytime......nd battery life very short.....but display nd camera quality is good if u click in open space
I bought this from my nearest dealer and trust me this phone really satisfied my needs so i would suggest you to go and buy this phone bcoz its has 4.2.2 Jelly Bean Android Version 1.2 Dual Core Processor 1650MAH Battery Full HD responce 5MP camera 1.3 Front camera 1.27GB free for user Apps 512 RAM Pre-insatalled Apps..Whats App, We chat, Battery Saver, Cricket Fever Game,
any one can kindly help whether this mobile supports wechat or not......i want to buy this mobile immediately if it supports wechat.....i like the shape and size of thise device...its wonderful
I am writing this review after using this phone for almost two weeks Pros IPS Display is excellent. Touch sensitivity is not up to the mark but can be accepted and feels good for this price range. Battery backup is reasonably good even better than Samsung Android. Cons Charging time is more. Can’t be tolerated sometimes Loud Speaker sound is like a low end china phone. Over all it’s a worth busying phone at this price level.
i m going to buy this ph tommorow,so please clear my all doubts of : is it support full hd video primary camera clearity secondary camera for video chating through skype or we chat apps, battry back up speed of processor.
It is a total "paisa vasool" product. I am not going to give it features here but rather say that I was concerned about sound quality and camera quality when I purchased the product. They turned out to be more than satisfactory. To be frank, I will not compare it with photo quality of other high-end mobile cams. Sound quality was also more than satisfactory for me. I am loving this piece. If somebody is planning to buy this product I would put forth a good point of this phone which you may not find in other product of this range is its 1.23 gb of app memory. For all buyers, I will say don't overload your phones and then complain that you got a shit piece. Understand what you are paying and how wisely you have to use it. Good luck for all other buyers. A good piece per my experience "for the cost."
I just purchased this phone from a local retailer for Rs. 7000. Pros- Excellent features. IPS screen gives excellent display. The phone has a Mali-400 GPU which is more than sufficient for gaming. The phone has bluetooth v4.0. It can play HD content flawlessly. Best in its class phone. Cons- Charging cable is too short. Takes a lot of time for full charging. You can not uninstall pre-installed apps.
