MOBDPPJZKSKKXAXE
Within a week started hanging, Software issue. Even when not in charge it is showing all the time that its getting charge. Don't buy this phone go for MOTO E or Nokia X at this price
soooooooo bad product.its very slow..after clicking on a thing it takes up to 2 mins to open.it gets hang minimum 2 times a day. u cant cant play any game in it as they got stuck. so worthless just dont go for it..
Interface is painfully slow. Nova launcher is must if you want to use it at all. Specs are good for this price.
very bad phone . hanks a lot . and switches off automatically used it for only 10 months and going to change my phone . samsung is a very reliable brand but samsung is not for users trying to buy phones under 10k .
This handset hang everyday.You have to restart. It become slow Please dont go for samsung. I face many problem with samsung mobile as well as tablet.
I liked the product very much and its good. Delivery was also good and the packaging too. Seller has given GENUINE product. Thanks.
The phone has a very poor Battery.. i hav to charge it almost 2-3 times a day.. while using wifi.. its battery drops 1 percent every 2 min or so... The 512 MB ram is also no good. SUBWAY SURFERS LAGS!! 3.2 MP Camera is ok for those who rarely take any pictures.. No Flash. video quality is supposed to be 640p but.. its useless.. Very Disappointed with Samsung..
I just can't fathom which world is Samsung living in....Pathetic performance overall which includes processing speed, RAM,camera,OS everything...Not one thing is good...Shame on u Samsung....compare urself with other brands,and what they are offering at the same price. If u continue on this trend,u'll end up being another 'NOKIA'.
Hey Guys... if you are deciding to buy this phone and you are having a low budget ( 6500rs) just go for it blindly...Dont rely on others reviews who arre calling this product bad.... Let me come to the pros and cons of the product PROS- 1. The Looks of the phone are awesumm. Quite similar to the Samsung's high end phones. 2.Camera of the phone, although being 3.2 MP, is quite clear , as compared to others like micromax,karbonn who give 5MP 3.The phone doesn't lag much... it plays temple run oz, temple run 2 , subway surfers games smoothly without a single Lag. 4. Internal memory is adequate. Out of total 4GB , about 2.30 GB is available for apps which is sufficient! 5.You will not such phone at this Price. 6. It comes equipped with Android JellyBean and Touchwiz 4.0 which makes the phone work smooth without lags and gives you a beautiful User Interface. CONS- I have been using this phone since 1 Week. I have not came across any cons till now except little lags. Conclusion- You could but the phone if you want to use whatsapp,wechar,facebook, play games like temple run Oz , subway surfers, but if you are a gaming freak... it will disappoint you a little bit! But yes you should buy this phone if you want a decent android phone from a well established brand like Samsung..
Very good product in such a normal price stand .Standard name fame & work. I am fully satisfyed with this product.
Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and the cons of the product
samsung is doing wonderful job in providing quality product at reasonable price... samsung never shoot in air.. first of all .. u cant compare samsung with the company which nowhere close in brand race..u may get sum extra feature at less price wat samsung offer .. but wat abt quality, durablity..aftr sale.. performance and there are so more things which othr company cant offer.. if u wanna compare then compare with company like sony, htc, apple, nokia which are trust worth company.. and then u will know wat a fantastic job samsung is doing.. And samsung is not fooling ppl its providing them wat they need in bettr way ..
Charge it fully & then enjoy itz 100% charge just for 1 hour - this proves the battery time. Itz a hanger...!!!! it is expert in hanging..... i want to hang it and kill it....... And it special speed #awsome......... tap message app at 7:30pm the nxt morning at 10am it will open the messaging app...... Have a lot of money to waste???? Then positively buy this!!!! And 5 star rating from me for this product........
very very poor mobile..... this phone is hang hang hang hang hang hang hang..............worst mobile worst mobile.......every time i on the mobile this phone was hanged.....
I am using this phone, having good clarity and speed but frequently it hes been hanging. not satisfied with this phone...
its worst phone, stopped working after 6 months of purchase. automatically goes into a headset mode, songs starts playing by itself suddenly, very slow, hangs a lot.
I bought this phone from market 11 months back.. It is a worst product.. you can't play any interesting game. Battery is horrible. I am facing lot of problems in these few months.. Want to change it soon.
I have used this phone for the last 6 months. Apparently its good but sometimes it hangs if you have too many apps. Currently I have deleted all my games but the phone still hanges quite often. If you have a less budget you can go for it. And as the price has been increased again you should pay 2000 more and go for Moto G or Asus
This one is not a good phone. Slow, low battery backup & it keeps on hanging every time an application is running. Worst phone from Samsung. Its better to buy some affordable smartphone from micromax at the same price.
Though this set has all features but it is very slow in nature. Applications don't run properly. It take lots of time to open any application or game. Though I have not installed so many applications or games yet it is very slow. I will ask not to buy this product. This review is for the Samsung Galaxy Trend only and not for Flipkart.
I am using this mobile for last 10 months. I am not happy with this one from day 1. Nothing but for the lag and low processing power and low RAM. You will get frustrated using this mobile for its slowness. When I try to make calls the phone comes after, good, 4-5 seconds. After that the thing is pretty smooth though. 3G and wifi net is good and voice/call quality is also very good. In decent light condition, the camera quality is pretty good considering it is 3MP. Overall decent phone if you can cope with the slowness of the phone. I am getting frustrated! :(
the product is okay in this price however other brands like Moto E, Micromax canvas 120 are far more better
I bought this phone my friend, simply basic phone in 7.5 k, you can go for Motorola E. Never go for the samsung below 15K.
Land line phones are much better than this piece of crap . Phone is not reliable . Frequently hangs . Very buggy and slow . Camera clicks images which are worst than Nokia asha 200 ( my previous phone ) .
Average expectation would be fulfilled very much with this phone. To experience the ultimate usage of Android, this would be a best basic phone. For very high performance and deliverables you may required by some high end phone Worth for money and beginners.
Very good phone in this budget, subway surfer, temple run 2, angry birds games are working smothly without any lag.
I WANT TO BUY IT AT EMI COST .GIVE FEEDBACK SOON KINDLY. BUT OPTION IS NOT THERE SO PLEASE GIVE DIRECTION SOON
Its a good phone with lot of features...According to other reviewers there is no much cons for this phone.The display is good actually but outdoor visibility we have to compromise.The display is not clearly visible in outdoors.Samsung is a brand and for this phone 6-6.5k can be paid,not more than that.Dont compare this product with other companies handset(not nokia but like micromax,karbonn....).Phone gives comparatively good response and processing is good...The main cons is that the SURROUNDING EDGE of this phone WILL FADE after 5-6 MONTHS. PROS- good display runs smooth dual sim supports most of the games(Temple run,Candy crush,...) large screen CONS- old processor less ram(should increase to 600-700 mb) hangs surrounding edge of phone fades flipkart delivery is slow sometimes...
I bought this phone few weeks back. It says that there are many apps preloaded in this phone but this is not true. There is no whatsapp also contrary to what is mentioned and when I am installing whatsapp on it, it says the whatsapp software is not compatible with the the device. This phone is crap as it does not provide basic features. Flipkart should be more responsible when they give the detailed specification for any item, Flipkart should not provide false details and cheat its customers.
Rom only 512 MB so some time slow my phone for this,,,, overall's good,, camera quality is very poor.
i like Samsung Mobile. But Trend Mobile very very slow touch. i dislike Trend Mobile. you have Any APP s download mobile gang.. worst choice this time..
Very nice product. There is no question about service of FLIPKART. Price is also low as usual from market. You can buy without any hesitation.
dont go for this phone...its to slow.. you tube is not working properly. its average phone. its better to go for other brands for low budget
Worst product by Samsung, I'm regretting buying this shit. Should have bought Lumia 520. This phone is giving me headache,every day it's restarting several times just opening message app or browser !!!! what a crap firmware.Guys definitely don't buy low budget phones by Samsung.
I purchased this mobile from local market at same price.... this mobile is for those people who wants android os applications at lower price point from a branded company like samsung... everything works fine...and yes you can play temple run smoothly but subway surfers lags a lot.... Display angle is not so good.... Volume is also low...... but internet rocks.... I decided to have a extra battery to carry ... FINAL CONCLUSION :- IF YOU ARE INTERSTED TO USE FACEBOOK,GMAIL,WHATSAPP,LIVE,INTERNET SURFING.....THEN PERFECT...BUT WANT TO PLAY GAMES.....IGNORE IT!
Quick Delivery , Within 3-4 days of ordering the phone , i got the phone, must say this is a very nice phone in this price range , 3G , Android version , GPS and screen size are all too good compared to other phones of the same range.
Product is received in 4 days and the delivery is very good. Product is average as OS is not up to the mark. Overall the product is good.
Model is good, but being a 3G phone its speed for accessing net is slow. if u can guide me of how to overcome this problem, this can be a good smart phone.
hi, I purchse this phone flipkart. flipkart service is also good. and samsung galaxy trend is very best phone .. touch is very good , battery backup is very nice...... I use all application on this device .... and runs good.................
Samsung Gal Trend7392 Charge in the Battery drains quickly in spite of less usage. It is reasonable for the price. It is user friendly. It is little bit slow in process
The product is too good at this price. Service is very good from ordering till shipping. Had a great experience buying on Flipkart !!!!!!!
the product from the house of samsung is not so impressive... the main things that is good in this phone are-camera,music,touch sensitivity,gravity sensor,display(16M),and the slim look. but the main prblm of this phone is THE processor and ram which are very bad.phne gets heat after playing games and surfing 3g internet.but the 3g is ok but not so good as lumia. my rating is 3.5 for this phone! but if u are gamer and wanting a budget phone then go with GIONEE its quite awesome..
Very nice.. Never hangs. Looks Good. ITS really a wonderful handset.. thanks Flipkart for such an awesome discount..
Some problems with certain interfaces, otherwise a good smart phone in budget. The contact list doesnt display all the alphabets at once on right as the font size is very pic and skip alphabets as per what I could not understand. Although while scrolling the contact list it is fine
You cannot expect a good electronic machine from Samsung at this Price. Everything is good in this price. After all the most trusted brand is here!! :)
Its a good mobile but speed is very slow. I m using from 2 week but not too much satisfy. This is an android set but not working as android. I think, Samsung should improve its speed. As per my expectation, its not too good...
very slow phone, Don't buy poor performance, mobile is very slow,only large display is good. you can not play game in this phone owing to phone hang
VEry NIce but for limited use If you don't have much use of phone this is best smart phone though RAM is low but u can use it smoothly But big games will not support
