MOBD6KSRZTYUVG9D
SAMSUNG HAS FINALLY COME OUT WITH THE UPGRADED VERSION OF GALAXY ACE BUT IS IT REALLY AN UPGRADE?? NOT AT ALL,,THE ONLY UPGRADE WE ARE TALKING HERE IS THE STEEP PRICE AND INTERNAL MEMORY AND JUST THE SLIGHTLY OVER CLOCKED CPU(200 TO BE PRECISE)-THATS IT,THATS WHAT U GET AFTER PAYING 4000RS MORE COMPARED TO OLDER GALAXY ACE IT IS JUST NOT WORTH THE PRICE BECAUSE- DISPLAY RESOLUTION IS THE BIGGEST DRAWBACK OF THIS HANDSET AS THE SIZE HAS INCREASED A BIT THE RESOLUTION IS EXACT SAME AS THE ORIGINAL GALAXY ACE WHICH RESULTS IN POOR QUALITY DISPLAY AND BLUR IMAGES AND OVER ALL USER EXPERIENCE IS EXTREMLY POOR ADRENO 200 GPU IS VERY VERY OLD AND IS JUST NOT CAPABLE OF HANDLING MODERN DAY GRAPHICS AND GAMES,FORGET WATCHING HD VIDEOS AND PLAYING HD GAMES AS OTHER COMPETITORS IN THIS PRICE RANGE ARE EASILY CAPABLE OF DOING(SOME EVEN HAVE HDMI PORT,SONY ERICSSON NEO) AND LAST BUT NOT THE LEAST U WILL BE PAYING 16000+ FOR THIS OUTDATED CONFIGURATION THERE ARE MUCH BETTER ALTERNATIVES OUT THEIR WHICH U CAN GET FOR MUCH CHEAPER PRICE AND CAN HAVE ALOT MORE OF THE FEATURES SUCH AS THE SONY NEO V WHICH HAS BETTER AND BIGGER DISPLAY(480x800,BRAVIA ENGINE),HDMI PORT ,HD CAMERA,FUTURE UPGRADE TO ANDROID 4.0 IF U REALLY WANT TO GET THE MAX WORTH OUT OF UR HARD EARNED MONEY THAN JUST DONT BUY IT AS U WILL BE LOSING UR MONEY BY NOT GETTING THE DESIRED VALUE OUT OF IT LET US BE HONEST HERE 10000-15000 IS THE MAX A MIDDLE CLASS PERSON SPENDS ON A PHONE AND THAT TOO FROM HIS HARD EARNED MONEY SO ITS UR RIGHT TO GET THE BEST OUT OF IT I HOPE U WILL MAKE THE RIGHT CHOICE
Samsung is very smart indeed. It doesn't mean their phones are smart. Rather, they create cheap phones in the name of the Galaxy series and make insane profits. They created a killer in the name of Galaxy S2 and won the critics. Now, they are capitalizing with these cheap phones priced way overboard. People with little knowledge of anything other than the names 'Samsung' and 'Galaxy' are quite easy to fool. Bottom line is you got to be a fool to buy anything other than Galaxy S2 of Samsung.
Not sure why so many people have criticized this phone , as its pretty good from a personal point of view ,those who have complained that this phone cant handed the latest games,PLEASE CHECK YOUR PHONE ,cause it handles most of the latest 3d games as well ,and that too without crashing even once .tw major drawbacks no front camera ,no gorilla glass ,bt would complain a lot abt that as the features on this phone are far far better then some of the phones mentioned above ,case i have owned most of them and the grass is always greener then the other side .Overall a good phone :)
i bought samsung galaxy ace plus from flipkart....in my personal experiance its havin a powerful processor with good touch sensitivity.camera is also very nice(not well for distant imsges).Usually android phones dont have good battery back up,in that sense its battery is some what okay.i get 1.5 days without net browsing.if we use regular browsing,chatting,calling,music,camea...maximum it will get 10 hour from 100% battery other drawbacks no front camera..its a big drawback considering with other brand phones with the same range of price. altogether its a nice super phone for multi task users.....Go on with samsung ace plus...
Its better to wait for Ace 2 coming up on April 23rd (not precise though) Chk the config below for Ace 2: Int Storage 4 GB storage, 768 MB RAM Screen Size 480 x 800 pixels, 3.8 inches (~246 ppi pixel density) Camera 5 MP, 2592x1944 pixels, autofocus, LED flash CPU Dual-core 800 MHz
investing in this phone is a big mistake... 1) Over priced 2) A bit improvement over Ace. Instead wait for a month , Ace 2 is going to be launched very soon and is far better than ace plus..............
i dont know what the above are trying to say , i bought this phone a day earlier and found it much better than other phones . the price here is high and i bought it just for 15k.those saying about pixel quality seem to not have used the phone as i found it really good and there were no blur images , it may be low but its of good quality . also the alternative phones given above have 2 very poor phones , Motorola provides poor service in India and u better not think about lg as it has a poor user interface. Xperia v Neo is a good pic but it is 2.5k more in price than ace plus and according to me if you dont want to spend more you should get ace plus and also the extra features of Neo v dont count because u always dont connect ur phone to a LCD TV and its internal memory is very low.it says about larger screen but it is small in width which makes it even poor for surfing web than ace plus and samsung has promised to provide the 4.0 android ICS soon but this will also get outdated as android 5.o jellybean would come later this year and android 6.0 key lime pie next year which proves that most of the phones would get an upgrade.the only thig missing is a front camera and scratch resistant screen . one thig that most of the people dont know about android phones is that the apps cannot be compltely move to sd card some part of it stays in phone memory to disallow piracy of apps and some cannot be even moved to sd card which in case of Neo V is a big drawback as day by day new apps are being launched in google play(android market) and the intrnal memory of 360 mb is really unsufficrnt in case of neo v and aloso ace plus provide 2.7 gb of internal memory which is really sufficient for your phone.
This is a wonderful phone far better than its predecessor Ace... It has got nice aesthetics, its curvy and slim body adds to credits..It is also very handy.. Coming to its features, special Macro mode in camera, 4GB internal memory, 1 Ghz processor and Bluetooth V3 are wonderful features comparing to its competitors.. I won't recommend this as an upgrade from Ace, because the price difference is little bit huge... Comparing to the price difference, additional features are not worthy... But opting Ace plus over Ace is a good plan...
I loved this fone... This is my first Android fone.. n i loved it!! Trust me.. if u know any1 whos having an android fone n bored.. then no use.. but if ur a teen n love txting and lov takin photos in class n colege.. THIS IS FOR YOU! :)Dont read other reviews.. i mean.. look if u had an android fone b4 this then i donno wether its ryt for u.... bt as a teen and i use it for calls also :P its the ryt buy for a first android fone if u wer using Nokias stupid Symbian fones! :) Great Update! :)
Hey i have been using this product for about 2 weeks and trust me i am a techno freak . I have used 18 phones in 6 years and you can trust what i write . To begin with the overall quality of the phone and the built quality is really good, and the video format support is easily fixable . What i love : 1) 5MP auto focus camera with a flash, does a awsome job, the flash does a really good job in low light conditions . 2) 1ghz processor, not lightning fast but fast enough for humans ! 3) Good music quality with 5.1 Surround Sound . 4) Flash content support(an upgrade from the ace) . 5) I cannot afford 3G hence i use a 2G network, a 10 mb file will take around 15 mins to download . 6) Android Rules ! What i don't like : 1) 4gb of internal memory but only 1.87 gb use able . 2) Supports very limit video formats, but like i said i can be fixed . Download Samsung kies on your laptop/pc, and through that send transfer the video files to your phone, the format can be converted through that(while it is being transferred), it is a little time consuming but you can wait a little for HD quality ! Thats all people ! hope it will help you decide !
This is a good phone, a vast improvement from the original ace especially in terms of internal memory. But i would recommend to wait for galaxy ace 2, realeasing next month, as it has better features at a reasonable price
I have brought this Samsung galaxy ace plus 2 weeks b4 and found very gud one as compare to galaxy ace. It is faster as well as in built area is better as compare to galaxy ace. Not much diffrence other than this i must say... I ordered it through Flipkart and service of flipkart is gud 1... one thing happened in my case was that they forgot to dispatch 16GB memory card with mobile but then they send it within two days...... Communication with the customer is gud 1....
i personally used it n found it was a gd phone...and by seeing the other review's posted u can't judge it..the price is 2 high bt wen u can't go for a 20k plus phone than it is a gd choice in samsung segment..it needs to improve more by upgrading to new features and also by introducing the front camera..the flash is pretty gd & also the speed of the cell as it is been upgraded..
I have bought this phone...It is worth it. The people above have written something against this phone without using it. How can you judge a phone without using it. I personally liked it and it also has some features which galaxy s plus also does not have. I SUGGEST U CAN BUY THIS PHONE.
Maine Flipkart se ye Mobile liya ! Flipkart ki service to Superb hai ! Galaxy Ace Plus ki Camera Quality bahot kharab hai ! 5 MP Camera lagata nahi ! Aur Battery bhi bahot lagati hai ! Touch Screen aur Processing Speed bahot acchi hai par Android Browser ko CLOSE Button nahi hai ! jisaki wajah se agar aap kisi window ko close karan chahate ho to BACK jana padata hai ! aur Payment Transaction ho to aap Back nahi ja sakate ! Iske sath jo Headphone milte hai bahot hi Ghatiya Quality ke hai Aur jo Bluetooth Headset milata hai uska design bhi bahot ghatiya hai ! ear mein bahot pain hota hai agar aap 20 minute bhi use karate hai to ! I hope mera ye Experience kisi dusare ke kaam ayega ! Lekin I didnt Recommend this Phone Try fro SONY !
this is a terrible phone from samsung.....the price is unjustified...it's too laggy and cheap-looking and can't even run simple games like Temple Run or Angry Birds properly....it's better to get Xperia U, it is 10 times better than this worthless phone even after considering the low storage of Xperia U...!!! Please don't buy this and regret later.......
i hav bought dis phone and its a excelent phone.it has the 5 mp cam wid led flash ssssoooommm features r related 2 galaxy s plus it has a large screen but the con is it doesnt hav the gorila display bt is the best my opineon is u can buy dis phone.....
Guys...anybody planning to buy this device..pls look at the configuration of Samsung Galaxy S Advance i9070.. S Advance is a much better device than Ace Plus...basic advantages of S Adv over Ace Plus are AMOLED display, bigger screen, MALI 400 GPU, internal memory & RAM more than Ace Plus...and the ridiculous part is it is 1000 bucks cheaper...is this sm kind of a joke from Samsung ?? ignorant buyers will waste their hard spent money on this crap !! if you are interested in buying this phone and reading this review, pls reconsider your choice of phone. Cheers !!
Consider Sony Xperia J before buying this phone.. Xperia J is Ace plus with a 4 inch screen.. Higher screen density.. has a Seconday Camera whereas Ace plus doesn't.. comes with ICS out of the box and god knows when Samsung will seed JB update for Ace Plus.. I don't know much about batteries but J's 1750 mAh makes Ace Plus's 1300 mAh packup bags and call it a day.. For a price difference of (Rs 500/- {on Flipkart}), J is worth buying..
Except for the absence of secondary camera it has everything that you can expect from a good android phone at this low price!! Good Battery life compared to others(For both 3G and 2G) Good processor Good camera Good Internal + Expandable Memory For those whose are used to small and handy mobile size could be a slight issue in the beginning. Overall its a best buy at this price! I zeroed this down after comparing it with at least 5 other similar android based phones... And if you are a regular customer of Flipkart then you already know that its one of the best service provider in terms of delivery..COD ...customer support and queries !! GOOD GOING FLIPKART! :)
I liked the phone. Pros 1. Good touchscreen 2. Sharp images 3. Sleek and good looking Cons 3. Ok Ok battery life I would rate this as a 'Buy' (you might feel like paying 1-2k extra, but with it comes tried-and-tested confidence of a Samsung Galaxy)
It looks much more better,slim,glossy and really wowwy in reality than in the shots put up on the site..I just got my ace plus for myself today thru flipkart..thanks to bluedart for shipping it safely.phone's just perfect..everythngs up to the mark but if you are not really an android lover to the core,i better suggest u to hav a look at NOKIA lumia710.It comes at relatively lesser price with every feature more than ace plus..
If one can use a mobile without the apps. then nokia belle can be considered and hence nokia 603. It has the latest connectivity feature NFC(Near Field Communication) which is far better than bluetooth and has many implications in the coming days. NFC can be used to make mobile payments, to buy goods simply off the shelf by just shaking your mobile with NFC. It is not there now, but might be the next big thing. Also Nokia 603 has better pixel density than ace plus and also nokia 603 has the latest LCD IPS screen with more nits of brightness and nokia clear black display, for best in class sunlight visibility, for every touch-screen smart phone, the most valuable entity would be the screen,its pixel density and sunlight visibility. Also Nokia 603 has both HSDPA and HSUPA 3G connectivity, which is the download and upload 3G speeds, which is not the case with ace plus, where it has HSDPA of 7.2MBPS. All nokia smartphones are best managers of battery and do remember, battery is the key to a smartphone, one wouldn't like to charge the mobile everyday. Coming to samsung galaxy ace plus, it is much wider than Nokia 603, is a definite advantage, when texting on the phone. Also a wide phone, would look better. Also, android is the best operating system with very good utility apps, right now, with more than 50% market share and Samsung is also making very good and huge strides in the mobile phone niche. ace plus also has DLNA and Wi-Fi hot-spot, which are used for connecting to supported electronic gadgets and make your mobile as a wi-fi provider respectively. So, if you want the conventional design and assurance of Nokia and can do away with apps, it is NOkia 603. If you want to be with majority and use apps(one should definitely use them) and be with the world's largest manufacturer of smart-phones, go for samsung galaxy ace plus
this feels great... better than galaxy ace in terms of battery life & internal processor speed & memory. classy gadget to own... useful at job on the move.. watch out, marketing people!!!! social hub keeps me in touch.. mobile printing is such a blessing, really... great srs wow HD sound enhancement.. but, as always; its only meant for the smart people...
Well, I bought Ace Plus S7500, First i say tht it's very nice phone, 1 GHz Scorpion Processor, 5 Megapixel camera for nice shotes, And 4 GB internal Memory for Applications,... And 512 MB RAM for faster brousing applications... Second That Touch is more smooth then old ace model. I like that... video 720-480 pixels Supported Full HD video smoothly played. Charging is very fast then other models.. 3.65-inch TFT Capacitive Touchscreen is bigger then Ace model. Galaxy Ace Plus runs Android v2.3.6 (Gingerbread) operating system is good. New items are Document Viewer, Document Editor, Pushmail, Mobile Printing is good. We also use in this phone Conference Call, Speed Dialing, Loudspeaker, Call Timer, Call Divert... And What i don't like??? No secondary Camera for video call. But it's Ok. Video file support only Mp4, And 3GP... Do not support AVI and WMV.. But I'm playing video 720-480 Full HD video in my Ace plus.. Video recording is only 640-480. I want more resolution... Sound quality is only Good In every Samsung models.. Not Awasome As Nokia N95, A Best sound phone in world.. Allover Ace Plus is A Good Phone in this price. Not other brand giving us this futures as in Ace plus.. So Best phone for me Now...........
it is a awesome phone i love this thing hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! only it should be dual sim samsung is an great company and Samsung Galaxy Ace Plus S7500 is great phone thank you............................................
i am eagerly waiting for dis phone i dint brought galaxy ace due to some cons like 15 fps video recording n 2.1 Bluetooth but in galaxy ace everything is awesome except 158 ppi which is less than its predecessor ace but its k if it is going to market at the rate of 14k.
Phone is gud 1 to use... Specially inbuilt memory(as it is an quite sm time b4). Music is gud in earphone. 1ghz processor with 200mhz GPU... But major flaws is network problem....max time no network even if other phones are under network coverage...service center couldn't solve this issue after repeated visit and even after mb change also....
I have bought this few weeks back and just loving it. Moreover to those people who are not happy with ace plus there is a good news. Samsung Galaxy Ace Plus is going to get Jelly Bean Update. You can check the list of mobiles by samsung which will recieve this Jelly Bean Update. Ace plus is in the list. Proud to be an Ace Plus User.
hello flipkart users, please check out the huawei u8800 pro on flipkart and compare it with this. Huawei is a good company which keeps modest price of its device and is used by companies like tatasky,reliance etc for set top box,usb dongle modems etc... and read the comments too of the phone from the buyers.
I bought this phone two days back from flipkart. On time delivery as usual. I was contemplating a lot on whether to go for Defy plus, Sony and Samsung before i bought this. For a user who checks his mail, a few apps and listens to music this is a ideal choice. Am not much of a facebook or twitter person to be connected throughout the day. But yes i do listen to music for 2-3 hours. The headphones are of good quality with good presets on the phone with a custom equalizer as well. The pre-loaded applications like maps, navigation etc are pretty useful and work very well with GPS. Have tried a couple of games and they run just fine without any issues of the phone freezing. for people looking at nice processing speed, standard battery life and value for money its a good package with 16 gb card and a blue tooth headset.
Have been using this phone since 3 months now... the most irritating problem is that it goes out of network all the time. I have to restart it or search the network manually after that. It even restarts when i am on a call.. the touch is good but lags at times. though it has a 1Gh processor it is slow all the time. The phone application like sms and call key also take time to open. Grossly disappointed.
if you think that this phone is not good then your gone crazy Samsung just rolled out not the ICS but the Jellybean update. IT is arriving for ace plus .Of course we don't know when its coming out but we can expect it by mid December. But its totally your choice, as I own a ace plus and the price at flip kart is also very less.
There is a lot to explore in it. Thank you Samsung & Android.Things to matter are battery of 1300mA and no secondry cam, rest everything is good and some one just said there would be upgrade in OS to jelly bean. then that will just rock!!!
in this price lot of option of mobiles in market, this mobile lake of front camera and screen resolution are very poor. actual this mobile cost no more thn 13.5k.IF U REALLY WANT TO GET THE MAX WORTH OUT OF UR HARD EARNED MONEY THAN JUST DONT BUY IT AS U WILL BE LOSING UR MONEY BY NOT GETTING THE DESIRED VALUE OUT OF IT LET US BE HONEST HERE 10000-15000 IS THE MAX A MIDDLE CLASS PERSON SPENDS ON A PHONE AND THAT TOO FROM HIS HARD EARNED MONEY SO ITS UR RIGHT TO GET THE BEST OUT OF IT
only Internal memory upgraded and No call conference option available.better to go to with other models friends...................................................................................................................................................................................................................
At this price range there are other much better phones which should be considered like 1.Motorola Defy+ @ 15990 More Resolution,Slight increase in screen size,Water & Dust proof,More internel memory,More battery life,less price 2.SE xperia Neo v @ 17400 bit more than SG Y More Resolution,Bravia Engine,HD Recording,Secondary Camera,More Battery,wi-fi hotspot,xLOUD Engine Audio Filter Technology. But it has very low internal memory. 3.LG optimus Black and even Samsung has many good phones within this budget or if you'll expand a lil' bit. Samsung Galaxy s Plus,Samsung Omnia W
Samsung is releasing worthless mobile phones lately. With this pricing at-least I should get better display on it with more pixels per inch. But, unfortunately its not the case with Samsung Galaxy Ace plus. It has GRAINY display with very low graphics. Its pixel density is so low that you wont enjoy surfing internet. When you are paying above 15k, ideally you should get a phone with nice eye catching display. All they did is they just increased the processor and Ram. We expect some better handsets from you Samsung. Don't waste your money buying this. Instead, go for Samsung Galaxy S.
The worst phone I've ever bought!! Even the nokia classics were a lot better than this one. TOI app just doesn't work well and always hangs! Internal Memory is really a problem because 2 GB fills up quickly!!!
why the price is still 10000, for this grandpa the price should be reduced and should be around 6k as new models are better than this it has no front camera screen size is not too great gpu is old processor is ok ram is not good camera is very good quality as like s duos,core,s advance & others if the price goes to 6000 than this could be a good buy
I am using this mobile since last one year. No doubt it is a very good phone, but I am very fed up with the Samsung system they don't have any up gradation in this android version. Now Many Apps is not Supporting this phone like BBM, Axis mobile etc. They should be launch a upgrade in this phone.
Got this phone a year back. Totally disappointed. The device hangs a LOT. It also hangs right after charging it. And speaking of charging- you will have to do that a lot cuz the battery life is not good. The phone might have good features but if the phone doesn't work at all what are you going to do with the features?
Good one. Good value for money. Flipkart is really good place to buy products but should improve with time. More customer satisfaction is essential to be in race. all the best Keep it up. Also please reduce the maximum number of characters here as time no one likes to write essays.
i had this phone for one year .Its pretty much a decent phone but when i bought it i was expecting a smooth function in terms of gaming but i guess its not .though it has 1ghz single core the normal games like subway surf hangs very frequently .if u r not into gaming than this is the phone for you when i bought it it was around 15K but now in 15K you can get much much better smartphones in this price. and yeah if you are going for s advance i must tell you the design of s advance is pathetic you gonna get bore in 1 month or so from that phone so dont only see features .because 1ghz or 1,5 ghz wont make a significant difference. ace plus is more broad in the acreen where s advance is not
He i am using this phone since 6 Months it good to use but not like that what u want. it hangs every time fetchers are good but i would say don't bye this phone i am facing lots of problem with it now even charging problem as well.market price for this phone is 15000 k but i would say in this price go for something else for my compare gen i will not pay more then 7000 k for this.
Huawei Honor U8860 is much better than this phone in terms of everything. Everything even includes price. Its price is Rs. 13490 with an offer, has 8 mp camera, records and plays HD video and much much more. You should compare and see the difference. You don't pay 2000 rupees for this phone and you get a much better phone. I have been using it since some months and because of its slow processing sometimes i feel like throwing it off. It has 2 GB internal memory but only 100 MB is usable for extra applications. You shouldn't buy this even if want to use 15500 Rs. any how.
maximum of the time showing no network..................i visited 3 times to service center but problem remain same.............never go for this mobile.............u can go for better on same price range..
I have been using this phone from past 6 months. Picked up the stuff when it got releases but not from FlipKart. So far So Good. I dont play any advanced games but use the phone like crazy. Good talk time even after I browse for hours ( Stock Checks) . All apllications loaded doesnot have any issues nor any lag. But I found Camera Quality inferior for the magapixel claimed. I compared with HTC( Exp) , HTC camera was better . Apart from camera teh phoen is cool. But Some times even I wonder 16 K which I actially paid is very steep, this phone should be prices some where around 11 -12 k. People who have bought this it is a good phone unless you want to use the camera, people who have not bought , for this price they get very good phones with Competitors, tehy should check that out.
Overall a good product with most functions we expect from a smart phone. Display is good; reasonably wide and has good touch sensitivity. However, there are annoying usability issues starting with a super-sensitive power on/off button present exactly at the place where you would keep your left index finger while holding the phone. Its a completely inappropriate place to have the power button. The in-built Samsung apps too need better usability.
i am using this phone from last 07 days & i m sharing my experiance with u guys. everything is nice no major issue with phone now pros:- 1) display is 3.65 inches is nice & watching movies is good not awesome but nice. 2) speed is also good 1 ghs processor is working very good. 3) company says ram is 512 mb but it shows 398 mb. on board & around 150 to 200 mb. is avialable for your apps after loading 123 apps from google play 4) i must say call quality is very good. 5) camera is good even in artificial light in bedroom now cons:- 1) apps like temple run & 3d games like dead trigger, frontline commando is hanging at times overall u can play. 2) resolution is not good its only 320*240 that is not a big concern. 3) no hd recording or playing that is a big disadvantage if u r a camera lover like me. before purchasing this i m planning to buy karbonn a18 or micromax a100 but the reviews is terrifying for a100 & karbonn is not available in local market, so i m decided for this overall if u r scarring with indian brands like karbonn, micromax, spice than this is the right choice, budget is around 14-15 k i m not fully satisfied but its OKKK
this phone is very good as per my experience. its touch sensitivity is very good its camera is decent but not as good as its competitors like sony xperia neo v. the best thing i like about this phone is its 1.00 ghz processor it is very good and is definatly better than the galaxy ace its price is too high as it has only few upgrades from the galaxy ace
Samsung phones have always been great technology. I already had the Galaxy S2, which is by far the most amazing phone I owned. This is the same, best for the price range. Though the screen resolution could be improved (which is improved in the Ace 2 (upcoming)) The camera quality is mediocre. But the smartphone experience is lovely. Another great product from Samsung
All facility are nice to use but in the phone secondory camara not available.... If Secondary camera not available, no more satisfaction.
Hay Guys.. Please go for it. Awesome phone in this range. Processor is too good. Display quality is good. Touch experience is great. provide 2.7 gb of internal memory which is really sufficient for your phone.
Well, this was my first smartphone so cannot compare with other such phones. However, I liked the features of the phone. Its quite easy to use and has much more features than expected at the price. The downsides... the battery gets used up very quickly and also, sometimes the phone seems a bit slow to respond. I hope it is just because of trying to multitask.
I have just bought this mobile a month ago. and i am really amazed that this mobile is working without any problem. And It's Look is stunning,too. It has 1 GHz Processor to upgrade to newer android OS. and also 4 GB internal memory makes it much better. Only some things i found bad about the mobile:- 1. In the package SAMSUNG gives white hands-free while the mobile is pure black. 2. While charging it's temperature increases dramatically 3. the actual internal memory you can use is almost 1.98 GB and RAM is 398 MB
I will say this phone is very aggressively priced, the performance is good, the screen is bright and very responsive. It has a good hardware most of the android apps work smoothly on it. Also upgradeable to Ice cream sandwich. This one does not have a front camera a ...... -ne :)
i bought this phone 2-3 days back only and it is really good price with free blue-tooth head set.many people said me not to buy this phone but real picture can be only known if u use this phone and i am very much satisfied with this phone. internal memory is good and speed of processor with size of screen is also worth the prize.
I bought this phone even after seein some negative reviews... All the other brand phones were missing the basic things a phone should have and the weight is very less wen compared to neo v... We get additional blutooth headset.... and in flip kart i got 16gb memory card free.... 4GB internal memory is very tough to get... If u want to get a mobile in 15k wit these configuration is very tough... Really this satisfies the buyer....
delivered at bullet speed and an awesome phone no complaints ...simply superb , the phone has a strong battery life of 1 day + , and the ram is a problem for android gamers the applications are slow if you have 2 applications open at one time if you use an app and close it there is no such problem .
I bought this phone in Rs 14800 and I want to say if you want a phone within Rs 15000 then go for it.Price is not more this phone deserve the price rated since it gives u lots of features and also a bluetooth headset of Rs 1200 is free with this phone.So the price is after all only Rs 13600.
I've been using this for a week now and it's awesome. Ace Plus was my FIRST touch, android & smart phone. Fully satisfied with the features. The camera seems to be bit low in terms of clarity - doesn't seems to be 5.0 MP - but it's fine. Overall - happy about the purchase from Flipkart.
Have been using this phone over a couple of months. Its surely a good buy with the Bluetooth headset and 16GB Memory Card free. The 4GB internal memory is really useful and an essential upgrade over the older version.
I have been using this from last one month and I found its great one. Features are very good and good improvement than Galaxy Ace and just adding 2.5 K would give you much more internal memory and ram and also processor speed. I am having both Galaxy Ace and Ace plus , but I think Ace is really a plus. Only bit worried about the battery, I have charge its every day ...
Best android phone. I had bought this today and 100% satisfied. The processor speed and display are good. The body of the phone is also good.Supports almost all android applications. Camera is also good.
This is my First android phone I was in confusion with Sony and Samsung finally went with samsung because of the brand ...I am realy feeling Wow to use this and its feature...Samsung touch is too good and smooth and excellent display with resolution...If you are a music lover Sony ericsson is the best..Speaker out put is bit low in this version butclarity is good.. The only problem i am facing is battery is draining out bit quickly.. if you are using apps and games it drains out fast but normal phone usage it is for more than a day. This price range I realy feel it is good since the next version of Samsung u need to pay some 7-8 k more...I am realy Impressed with image clarity and feature... thanks samsung...
i owned galaxy ace which was like i dumped 14000 rs... Because of its perfomance and touch... And this one also seems to be its identical brother... 3.5 inch to 3.65 inch screen that to at 320x400p 800mhz to 1ghz 3gb internal 512mb ram thats all at 15000 look at sony neo v, moto defy+, htc one v etc they all are class apart with their unique features
Any ideas on arrival of Ace 2 & its pricing ? Hims 28 March 12 Its better to wait for Ace 2 coming up on April 23rd (not precise though) Chk the config below for Ace 2: Int Storage 4 GB storage, 768 MB RAM Screen Size 480 x 800 pixels, 3.8 inches (~246 ppi pixel density) Camera 5 MP, 2592x1944 pixels, autofocus, LED flash CPU Dual-core 800 MHz
i don't know why they even bothered to release this version the samsung ace ii is coming out it's going to be way better than the ace plus and even the htc explorer which is now the better phone than the samsung ace at 35% less of the price.
I don't think buying this mobile is worth.If you want to buy better buy the older version which comes in lesser price.I am using the older version and it is good but not good as SONY NEO V.As one of my friend bought the New ACE plus and i compared with mine,it is same...Samsung is making fool.. I am waiting for the Samsung galaxy S advanced..Hope that won't be same as Samsung galaxy s(older version).
I bought it about 5 days ago and i am already bored with it.....not at all worth the price tag....if any1 searching for this phone has a budget of around 15000....i STRONGLY STRONGLY recommend MOTOROLA DEFY PLUS.....its worth the price , is cheaper than this CRAP and has better features......
There are better phones in market, like Motorola Defy+ and Sony Ericsson Neo V. which has better display, camera and even ICS updates. Cons: Poor resolution No Secondary camera No HDMI port No Gorilla Glass only 1300mAh battery
