MOBDBJTAH4GRXGZJ
Bought this phone around 2 months back....everythink looked good about it ....4 inch screen, 2.2gb built-in memory, 512 mb ram ....but slowly it started giving problems....with frozen screen....sometimes it takes around 10-20 seconds to dial a number....and in some cases dials the same number twice and gets disconnected again and again....very problematic ... and not much re-sale value either. If I check today nobody is willing to buy this back for more than 5k :-( .... very bad choice and a disappointing product from LG.
I bought LG Optimus L5 E612 from Sulekha a month ago, only cuz it was not available in Flipkart. I share my experiance here for the prospective buyers.. 1. User interface: Good (4/5) 2. Touch Screen response : Very Good (5/5) Swift maneuvers even with screen guard. 3. Display quality: Poor (2/5) A dead pixel appeared in my phone after a week.. may be only for me! 4. Display clarity: Poor (2/5) But this is budget phone and low resolution 320 x 480 is accepted :) 5. Build quality: Satisfactory (3/5) Some rattles audible from the all plastic body. 6. Performance: Satisfactory (3/5) Did slow down a few times but never hung! 7. Still Camera: Bad (1/5) Very poor quality pictures though a 5MP sensor. My Galaxy Y with 2MP sensor takes far better images. 8. Video Camera: Bad (1/5) Very bad quality videos in low light conditions. Better in a sunny outdoor. Galaxy Y beats here too. 9. HD Vide Recording: No (0/5) This misses very badly :( 10. Battery Life: Very Good (5/5) Keeps me away from my charger for 2 days! 12. Storage: Good (4/5) 2.5GB free for us! 13. Apps: Good (4/5) Though not many useful pre-installed apps, we can always install what we need. Note: Only for business users who want VPN: CISCO Anyconnect VPN Client does not work!
I bought it from a shopping mall and using it for one year. This Phone has many good things like quality 3gs/WIfi but bad Call receiving sound quality but if upgraded to current version of Android 4.12 it works much better. Its cheap and one of the very best android device. And it has a good manly executive look. Upgrade the android before using this.
dis smartphone frm lg has pros in its design , internal memory, sound , touch,ram . however it has cons in its camera..... evn though it boasts of 5mp camera wid touch focus.... however dis touch focus is quite annoying.....it constantly keeps on switching so sumtyms leads to blur..... apart frm dis all works welll as of now its been 1 month... nd overall m happy wid it..... nd moreover what much can u xpect frm a 12-13k phone...!!!
What else do we expect from LG for a phone worth 12k.. It has ICS which is a boon as compared with the phone of it's range like SAMSUNG ACE DOUS n all are still stuck with Gingerbread...! The camera is quite good..and user interference of LG-OPTIMUS is majestic. Its a budget friendly start-up smartphone for the first time ANDROID users like me..! ^_^
THE SERVICE OF FLIPKART IS VERY GOOD AND FAST...m using this phone from sme couple of days...n m fully satisfied with it, it got sme very nice pre installed apps, it isnt dat fast buhhh its ok. no much problems with the resolution, as this phone is hated for.. the screen size is sufficient and kinda big comparitvly any other samsung phone or any other device in that range.. its very attractive specly in white, speakers are not dat loud, earphone quality is good,quickmemo is very useful, slim and light, angry birds and other such games can be played smoothly, this phone is hated by many coz of the resolution and slow processor, buhhh thats reallly not the issue, this phone supports most of the apps, camera is average, zooming and surfing is smooth, thats it what all you need in just rs 12,500. and it all depends on how you handle the phone, PEEPS JUST GO FOR IT!!!!!!!!!
Its good phone in its price range.The screen is just gr8,battery lasts for one and half day with heavy internet use.games work smoothly(havn't tried hd games)good music clarity and the stock headset are pretty good.call clarity is also good. 4" screen,800mhz processor,comes with ICS out of box,2.5gb internal memory,512 mb ram, all in all i am loving it
First thing you are going to notice about this it's rectangular which is problematic in pocket. Then coming to it's screen which is good in size but pathetic in resolution. Camera is not at all good and zooming is virtually impossible. Interphase is good so the speed.
A very good phone, with android 4.0. Kindly avoid downloading more applications, becoz this has only 800Mhz, so it will be slow if you start downloading lot many apps. WIFI singal receiving capability is less. apart from this, it is a very good mobile.
Just and awesome phone! no doubt about that! Things that stand out: 1.Large display(4 Inch) which is just awesome to run apps and play games 2.4gb internal memory which is quite a lot 3.bright and good battery life 4.LG Smartwolrd is just wonderful 5.very smooth touchscreen 6.(Android ICS 4.0) blah blah blah i can go on and on about this phone but now the disadvantages: 1.Only 512 mb RAM (not that big problem at all but cant play games like temple run etc. especially games more than 20 mb) 2.comes without any offer from flipkart for eg. free memory card,bluetooth etc.... 3.no front camera so if ur interested in video chatting u cant! 4.only 800 mHz processor! On the whole gr8 phone every1 who has seen mine have said it is a paisa vasool phone and it is indeed!
Nice phone for the price. Although the price was about 2K higher when I bought this. Which was about 4 months before the date of this review. Pros- Large display Good touch Android ICS Nice look and feel Decent battery life Flipkart's service has been good. Cons- Display quality is not great Loading of apps and operations can slow at times because of the Sub 1GHz processor and not so high ram. Pictures from the camera are not great under poor light. They are good under ample natural light. Another important point I generally look for is after sales service. As it's early days for me with the phone, I haven't had any issues and haven't found a need to contact LG's service. So can't comment on that. Considering that price, the items mentioned under cons are only expected. Overall I'm very satisfied with the product when compared to other phones that were available at the time of my purchase.
The phone is fully loaded with features and is much better buy than wildfire and Samsung Ace. Main feature is 4GB internal memory which allows you to store as many apps as u can. I have used a HTC wildfire and this product beats it in all count. Good pricing also. Amazing Big screen. Would highly recommend this phone for any android users
to be frankj this is an aswsome phone ya its cons are not neligble but its pros are just awfully suprising i m been using this fr past a month the first week i felt its a bit lagging on each app i open but ltr frequent using made me happy with its speed not so high nor too bad overall this phone is worth buying
I have been using this phone from last one month, n i bet on that, no phone will give you the feel as It is giving me.....I must tell you that, Before purchasing it (not from flipkart as it was showing out of stock), I waited for nearly one month....(mind it ~1 month)and my wife usually get annoyed as I was getting desperate on not getting this phone anywhere... Now comes to its Pros... (1) Sleek design....awesome look, plus a big screen gives you an extraordinary feel while holding that....also, it is quite easy to go in you pocket (2) Commendable battery.....atleeeeast.. 30 hours of working without charging (~1hr of internet, ~1 hour of call, ~ 1 hr of games)...if you play hard, it will surely surpass a day... (3) ICS 4.0, the latest OS at this price range.... (4) Processor works fine and touch screen is more than OK... I simply haven't got any cons yet except... that it lags when you intend to play ONLY HD games..... for HD game lovers, you won't be too happy....but i must say that...one should not buy a phone only for gaming, but also for those, it actually made for..... In brief, a phone with good battery backup, awesome look and design, and lots of apps....aur kya chaahiye yaar......itne me itna-ich milenga....
The Mobile is fully loaded with all the features that are needed and is much better buy than HTC Desire and Samsung Ace. Main feature is 4GB internal memory which allows you to store as many apps as u can..so go on and download as many as you need. I have used a HTC Desire of my bro's and this product beats it in all count. Best in 12K. Amazing Big Screen. In short, this mobile is with good battery backup, awesome look and design, and lots of apps....would recommend this mobile for all the android lovers..
Obviously, i haven't purchased this phone at Flip-kart as it was showing out of stock for last 15-20 days. About phone, GRAB IT IF YOU FIND IT SOMEWHERE. I HAVE DONE LOT OF R&D BEFORE BUYING THIS. NEEDLESS TO MENTION, IT'S A GOLDMINE IN 12 K PRICE RANGE. DON'T THINK MUCH. JUST GO & BUY IT AS IT'S MORE THAN THE PRICE. TECH SPEC & ALL HAVE BEEN DELIBERATED BY LOT OF USERS.
dabba phone un necessarly i buy it in this no front camera .no duel sim. hot spot id not working and battry bad .processor slow camera not good
I have brought LGe612 M/Phone. But I have confused about front camera and torch. please give details about that.
Worst phone..ever used...Hangs on everytime, i had to remove all games/application and use it like any normal phone, but still it gives the same problem...instead go for a 2-3 K price phone, it serves exactly like 2-3K phone..
This phone works as slow as a snail. It's so slow that for making a call, you have to wait for 5 seconds after clicking. High-end games lag. Regular phone operations also lag. For going through the phone contents, it's a big headache due to its slow nature. Buy Micromax, but not this one. Beware of this phone.
I BOUGHT THIS PHONE IN JANUARY AND IT STARTED GIVING PROBLEMS IN MARCH MONTH ONLY.(STRANGE) IT HAS EXTREMELY BAD AND SLOW PROCESSOR AND ONE CAN'T PLAY TEMPLE RUN ON IT SMOOTHLY. IT'S TOUCH IS ROTTEN AND DOESN'T WORKS ON A SINGLE TOUCH. WE HAVE TO PRESS IT SEVERAL TIMES. INTERNET SPEED IS VERY LOW. SINCERE ADVICE: "NEVER BUY THIS PHONE".
its a really good phone at its price.. plus it just got the jelly bean update. which most of its competitors did'nt.. but now one should really consider purchasing L5II at lmost the same price and better specs.
pros: phone build quality is good. sound clarity is good, 4 inch screen, 4gb ample internal memory touch response is really good. Battery life is good cons: Pictures from the camera are not great under poor light. They are good under ample natural light. ~144 pi density in 4 inch screen is not of good clarity (screen is not visible if view from side). single core processor (lags sometimes but doesn't hang). video recording is bad. OVERALL VALUE FOR MONEY AT THIS PRICE :)
superb mobile very good i don't have words about this product love you LG superb touch experience very good sound too fast start and shutdown look is so so so nice everything is perfect in this smart phone gays don't think just buy better than (Samsung Galaxy Ace - galaxy fame - galaxy s & galaxy grand ) believe me friends but i am not happy in one think flipkart service is not good like before
LG E612 phone around 2 months back.everythink looked good about it ....4 inch screen, 2.2gb built-in memory, 512 mb ram ....Mobile still working fine. Mobile only user for calling surf internet, Mail check, facebook and Fun. Mobile not investment only expense .Consider to all people.LG mobile best .
i have been using this phone for abt a month now....working pretty well..though lg could have given a better pixel density..for day to day use the phone works fine..i should point out that the camera is very good in daylight as well as video...but pictures and especially videos in low light conditions are poor...ample internal space for apps...very good touch screen interface..its really good..not to mention the large 4 inch display will be the envy of many..also hd videos DONOT run on this phone..max is 480p..battery is ok...lasts 1 and a half days..u can upgrade to jelly bean version via remote call service...so queing up at service centres...overall its a good phone...pretty satisfied with it..a lot more could be asked for..but at 12k lg has done a pretty good job..
if ur budget is 12k & u want big screen , branded phone with latest android 4.0, 3gb internal memory ,good battery 5MP autofocus camera with led flash. this is the one.... go for it u will not regret... mind it it will b dificult to find good cover & screen guard madfe for it ...
I wanted a good android phone and almost closed in with Motorola Defy+ . Then i heard about LG E612 with some good reviews across the globe which prompted me to buy. This phone suits all those who use it as moderate user of Apps, Internet and more for Voice. The Battery back up is good enough to sustain for more than a day and at times even 2 days. People who are not hyper about processor upgradation can definitely go for it. I'am Happy about the Phone.
Best large display touch screen phone and also in budget compare to samsung ace and nokia lumia 610 it has almost all the features same compare to this phones and some where even better compare to nokia lumia 610
I bought this phone last week. Exchanged my Nokia C5 for 2K & bought this from a local store (Flipkart won't exchange). Super phone for the price. I am trying to find the flaws. There aren't that I've figured out till now. - Big phone with 4" screen - Respectable screen resolution - Smooth UI - Light weight & unique design - Ideal for basic usage - Network reception is nice - Android 4.x ICS
My first Android mobile : LG Optimus L5 E612 Pros: 1.Slim 2.4inch Display(16 m colors,320x480 display) 3.800 MHz processor 4.smooth touchscreen 5.4GB internal memory(2.5 GB avail) 6.Ice-cream Sand-which OS(Android) 7.1500 mAH battery 8.Dvix/xvid support 8.wi-fi Direct 9.5MP cam with LED Flash 10.nice user interface Cons: 1.No camera key and Music keys
