MOBDJUH4ZPU4FBGX
After using it for 3 weeks here is my full review about the pphone as I waited find out a fault to address through this column for 3 weeks.. hope I may never find out any...:) After doing 2 months of research on android phones i was zeroing in on Xolo B700 but at last chose this one as its Jellybeaner. And believe me It didnt disapppoint a bit. Here is my review for any aspiring buyers, Display/ looks- 4.5/5 its cool with qHD display and with full screen brightness, watching videos is just great.No AMOLED display or IPS, but still a treat to watch and touch response is good enough. looks are not stunning, but fair enough. signal reception- 4/5 it just performs good enough as for my Nokia C7. Voice calling clarity and sound level- May be in call sound is a bit less compared to nokia but good enough to make you not suffer. Loud speaker is fairly good. Music play- Didnt try too many, but fusion in built plays good though it doesnt work like a music phone, which was never my choice.It has a better looking headphone with below average performance. Games : iam not a baby... but foer those who still are, I dont think itt wiil be a let down.The processor seems good enough. videos : It can easily play back 720p and 1080p is also suppotted if u have a vLC player or updated codec from MX player.Watching HD videos in this is just pleasure. Apps and multi tasking- till now no problem, i have installed most of the popular apps in playstore,and never found a problem except skype.Thats the only time I found the mobile hanging and out of response.It cud be a skype version problem too!!! Multitasking is very cool no lags if you are having up to 10 open apps in the back ground. only when I reach 15-16 back groung apps, it slightly lags, but i have faced more with my nokia c7:) Internet and data network: really good I must say as browsing is fast enough with crome and even built in browser, though the downloading speeds are a bit less than what I used to get with my c7 since this one has only 7.2 mbps HSDPA. But it will never bother you. I have used airtel, docomo and BSNL 3g networks andd it can work very well. text rendering and viewing is very good. Wifi - sometimes I found the wifi is a bit slow, but there can be various reasons. User interface: Since this is my 1st android, it took me 2 days to get familiar with it. But very good compared to GB or ICS phones I got my hands on, as JB offers a smoother usage experience thanks to project butter. Camera: Just dont expect much frm an 8k phone. Back cam is average but the frnt cam surprisingly is very clear and smoother for a 0.3 mp cam. Sometimes I feel they misplaced the cams the other way round in my mobile nd I am happy for it. Now the battery--- It lets you down if you are a gamer or a heavy browser. Just dont expect to last more than 3 hrs. but the amazing thing is that unlike many android phones, it doesnt consume much battery while on cell standby. I am using a battery saver app now, but even before that I noticed that if u leave ur phone overnight with 95% battery, with both sim cards active, in the morning I see only 5-7% drop in the level. It can easily last up to 18-20 hrs if u are rarely using data and high clarity video. But over all they should have provided a 2000mah battery atleast or such a phone. Over all I would give 4.5. I hope trusting a low voice brand wont hurt me as I dont expect a lot of support or service from LAVA.
I ordered the handset on 29th June & got it delivered on 2nd of July.. So,kudos to flipkart.. I bought d handset @Rs.6749 bt nw it is priced @Rs.7385, so kudos to me also..;-) I was confused between Iris 405 & Iris 455 finally settled on Iris 455 as my friend already has Iris 405 & there were few short upcomings.. Nw on d handset im using it for 2weeks my initial reaction was build quality is gd,li8 weight,stylish.. As,the specs is already mentioned on d flipkart page i wud like to make few corrections first the battery is nt lithium polymer is lithium ion, & there is magnetic sensor present.. Pros: JB bt its 4.1.1, Qhd res wid Cortex A9 dual core, U can install apps on external sd, Doesnt Heat dat much, GPS & Maps Works fine, Flash & autofocus(though flash is useless), Face Unlock feature, Charging led notification, Upto 5 finger multi-touch, All sensors work fine, nt glossy back cover, Cons: U cant delete apps which came bundled with d handset eats space, Its nt purely stock rom lava customised it, U get a red free back cover nt a black one which doesn't match wid d handset, nothing else.. Common prblm faced by others- 1>And few were having problem with Skype- It works if u use previous versions i guess skype hav a prblm wid JB.. 2>U can create playist- Just use any 3rd party app like Real,N7 Player.. 3>U can assign ringtones of ur choice- jst go to file manager>select the song>select setting button>select set as.. U r gd 2 go.. 4>GPS Works- Jst make sure u hav ur wifi or 3g on & ur on outside.. It gets locked within 10secs.. 5> Accesories available on ebay.in jst search.. 6> Battery Doesnt Last Long- Its True,try to use single sim,keep it on minimum brightness, Use Juicedefender.. I hope to have helped u in oneway or another.. Thanks Flipkart & W.S Retail for awesome service..
Review after handling it for two weeks. pros: Nice look, battery lasts for a day, Nice display,(245ppi very high density in this range) touch is very smooth, 680MB for apps&1.7GB for gallery. Head pon sound clarity is nice, Camera is nice,Clicks the image as you touch the capture button,no delay in it, You can insert either GSM or WCDMA(3G GSM) SIM in 1st slot, then only GSM in 2nd slot, Data connection on/off button in pull down menu, Voice clarity of call is good, processor is same as Samsung Galaxy S Advance, I have installed more than 25 apps from Google Play & all works smoothly. Cons: Till now I have problem only with Skype, After so many attempts of install & uninstall, I signed in, but now can not signout.(common problem in jelly been it seems) But it works smoothly with front camera. Battery should have some more powerful, No covers are available yet. Speaker output is not good, Can't assign individual ringtones to SIM1&SIM2 as well one tone to all msgs&reminders. Can't create playlist in music player. MX Player works superb,can play most of video formats. Go EX louncher works well ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- In Mangalore its price is 8,500 Rs,But i got it for 7,409 Rs from Flipkart. Its a good pon within the budget.
I bought this product two days back after comparing so many mobiles. This mobile is surely a latest and innovated product from an India based company. Pros: 1. Android jelly bean- works out everything you want from a smart phone 2. Processor- dual core- multitasking is easy. extremely fast processor with comparison to others like MMx ninja, Karbonn etc. 3.Camera-Auto Focus Rear Camera with Face Detection, Panorama, HDR. Picture quality is very good though it is only 5 mp. excellent HD recording 4.qHD display- display is very clear and picture quality is as good as Samsung grand 5.Dual Sim dual standby 6.Graphics quality is very high. 4.5” Capacitive Multi Touch screen with resolution of 540x960 7.Setting up emails and other accounts is very simple and fast. 8. 3G support is excellent and GPS works very smooth 9.The looks are dynamic and its just 9.92 mm which makes it very slim. overall very sturdy feel in hand. 10.Battery backup is excellent, better than MMX canvas, Samsung duos etc. 11. Pre-installed browser Google chrome runs very fast and smooth. 12.All kind of sensors are designed by LAVA people 13.Light weight just 120 gm, while others in this range are weighing around 145-160 gm. 14.Wi-Fi, MicroUSB, Bluetooth v4.1.1, GPRS , EDGE cons: just two 1. Sound is a bit less but manageable with high kbps ringtones download available from Google play store. 2. 4GB ROM, 512 MB RAM, Expandable memory upto 32 GB. Internal memory is less which some users may think as not sufficient. though i do find it sufficient for all installations necessary. finally, if you want a budget phone with excellent features, go for it. It doesn't matter which brand is the phone, because now a days many companies assemble the parts in Indian factories, after importing from outside India.
I wanted to buy lava iris 455 as the features of the phone are awesome, and also the price of the phone is pocket friendly. I ordered it through a web portal and the delivery is fast. I have been using it for almost a week now and I would like to share the pros and cons of this phone. First the cons: Cons: • The battery back-up of the phone is not that good, refilling takes a lot of time. • The loudspeaker of the phone is not that good, voice cracks a bit. • The earphones are not that good so consider buying new ones. The earphones that they have are without speakers. Pros: • The camera is good it is 5MP with cool features such as Auto-focus, panorama shot. The pictures come out to be good. • The OS of this phone is the latest android Jelly Bean 4.1 which ensures the smooth running of the phone. • The internet is fast • The screen of the phone is 4.5 inches very ideal for me. • Memory storage is decent it is 512MB RAM and the external memory can be extended up to 32 GB • The body of the phone is stylish and sleek and also I got a back-cover and a scratch-guard free.
Hello..., I bought this mobile from flipkart. No need to tell about flipkart its awesome. coming to lava iris 455 1.Look is very nice.Good build quality. 2.Touch is very smooth. 3.I have installed almost 25 apps...working fine. 4.Browsing is totally fantastic with preinstalled ghrome.... Guys all feature are good ly... ' Oly prob is camera and sometimes heats when charging...guy heating is normal with smart phones because even high end mobiles also heats when we do these things...u can not get good camera in this mobiles...except camera this phone is awesome...
Price is very low here. This mobile is an excellent one with lots of features in it. Better than many popular brands in store. Graphics and speed are really good, camera quality is awesome. go for it.......
Hey all these is nice mobile i have bought it from flipkart.com Mobile is amazing.Thanks to flipkart My Rating is 5/5 Camera:4/5 Gaming:5/5 Build Quality:5/5 Processor:5/5 RAM:4.5/5 Music:4/5 Display:5/5 Video: Played one 1080p and 720p Battery:4/5 U Can play Games Like Temple run,Temple run2,Temple run oz,Modern Combat4,real football 2013 and other hd games
really hats off to lava for making such a great phone. the diplay is superb ,the apps are running smoothly ,camera is fine ,only concern is the bttery,overall the phone is good.anyone looking for anroid phone within 8k with 4.1 jelly beam,5 mp camera,1ghz dual core processor should go for this phone.
Lava IRIS 455 is excellent phone in this price range in market. The touch is very smooth, latest Android JB, Attractive looks with 4.5 inch screen, Beautiful white headphones, Very fast in running any high end application. Pre-installed tools like chrome runs very smooth. When i show my phone, everybody says "mast hai yar!". But, If you are frequent traveler and want to play high end games or watch videos while traveling, then you may be uncomfortable with this phone as it will require charging. I would say this is a Smart 'indian / swadeshi' purchase!
Just want to say excellent Phone!! Awesome Display.. Great Touch response.. Played Temple run 1,2 Subway surfers, Angry Granny run, real football, and it responded pretty well.. No lags whatsoever. Only development could have been a 768MB Ram.. Again, for the price you are getting a Dual Core processor, qHD Resolution Display, and Great performance. Signal reception, Call Quality, wi-fi connectivity, everything is Great!! Special Mention about the Head phones, the Quality of Headphones is Excellent and they look different too. So my verdict, Go-for-it!! Paisa vasool hai bhaai!!
I have been a Nokia user for years. But my decision to switch to Lava Iris 455 was wise. The phone offers everything one needs in a smart phone. Good job Lava! The price tag for such elite specifications is really stupendous. Go for it....
Device works well in all aspects except battery.It loses 1% in every 2 to 4 min on 3G. If you don't use internet frequently,then this phone is a good choice. Camera performance is average. Games like Temple Run 2 runs smoothly. Touch screen is responsive. Note:-I don't buy this phone from flipkart.
Battery: 3/5 (1500mA for a 4.5" screen, less than the average). All other things are 5/5 except the back-cover (plastic), extra back-cover also there in the box. Worth for a Rs.7800/- There is no memory card with the purchase.
I admit it, I bought the Lava Iris 455 because I am an Android fan boy. I love the freedom given to you by the android operating system. There are tons of applications and most of them are FREE!! Moreover, there are also a plethora of ROM most common of which is the Cyanogen Mod that I have installed on the phone. I particularly hate the lack of freedom of customization by Operating Systems like the iOS and Windows Phone. The fact that I was able to get such a great device at such a low price is a testament to the greatness of Android and Lava! Thank you Google and thank you Lava!!!
I gifted my elder sister the Lava Iris 455 for her birthday and it is the perfect phone for her. She seemed a little apprehensive about using an android Smartphone. But she took to using the phone like a duck takes to water thanks to the intuitive interface that doesn’t take long to understand. She is especially pleased with the Amazon Kindle App. She can now download books from her favorite authors and spends all day reading them on the beautiful qHD display on the phone. The 5MP camera has also made her take up amateur photography as her hobby whenever she is free and regularly posts pictures on her Facebook page though the Facebook app. This is truly a Smartphone for all ages.
I ordered this phone on 24th May and got delivered on 26th May. Very fast...Thanks Flipkart. After doing a long analysis I finally ordered this device. It's wonderful and very smooth. Guys its really good under 8K. I am writing this after using this device for almost 2 weeks: PROS 1. qHD Display and 540x960 Resolution is superb (As compare to 400X800 which is offered in all the phones like MMX and Samsung under 10-12 K). 2. 4.5” Capacitive Multi Touch screen. 3. Jelly Bean. 4. Design is good and slim. 5. Dual Sim Stand by. 6. Front camera with flash, face detection and panorama. HDR is also supported. 1.3 MP rear camera. 7. Tried many games and most popular apps but it did not disappoint me...installed around 23 apps but no LAG. 8. I am using 2G Internet on Vodafone prepaid in Hyderabad. Internet speed is super fast so did not try 3G yet. 9. Music is good. Some people here said it cannot create playlist but Im able to create playlist of my favorite songs very easy. 10. As compare to other heating is very less. And No heating when you put the phone on charging. Phone gets fully charged in 2 hrs. 11. No proximity sensor problem as Tirtha said. It's works very nice when you move the phone close and far from your ear. 12. Call sound quality is clear and no signal reception problem. 13. 720p HD recording is very good and support 1080p videos play. 14. Processor is fast enough. So over all the phone is great @ this price and now come to CONS:- 1. First of all the Camera is not @ all good in night (average in day) and flash is just for the purpose of having a Flash. Its only works when you are taking pics within 1-2 meters of range. 2. Battery is OK only but good as its only 1500 mAh. 3. You can not find cases and cover of the phone in market. LAVA please launch these accessories also. Finally I am happy with my LAVA iris 455 :-)
I have bought this phone . Up to date it is running smooth. Games like Temple run, fruit ninja and many more games are working great. Battery runs 24Hrs per charge for normal use. Both cameras works great if you know how to take quality pictures. Sound quality during call is ok so is during music play back. GPS navigation was used and tested many times for traveling to unknown locations and works correctly. Overall phone is good at the price it is available! LAVA has managed to bundle good features at affordable price and at attractive looks too.
Pre-installed browser Google chrome runs very fast and smooth,This is a great product at a very attractive price and comes with an extra silver color battery cover. Android jelly bean- works out everything you want from a smart phone,Overall i can say that this is a very nice phone ..anyone can go for this ..I am satisfy with this..
Cell Standby and Phone idle usage are correct. It means among the battery utilization, Cell Standby and Phone idle have used that much. Cell standby is Screen/OS sleep. Phone idle is the number being active (2G or 3G single or Dual)(Not applicable if Both SIM slots are empty or turned off) This has Polymer battery which is good and will last long. (Durability I mean.) If it was a 1GB RAM and 2000mAH battery, it is a high end phone. I have bought 2 of these beauties. Flipkart needs to normalize the price with other online stores. (But remember, flipkart service) Regards, Anand Regards, Anand
nice phone i never expect such a nice cam from an indian made phone its having good clarity even in night an it is very fast n smooth it having same sound like samsung inever expect such features from a local brand dis is ma 4th android phone i used a samsung huawei and a lg i think its more better dan both... it is very cost effective phone
Can any other buyer check this and reply whether you are facing same issue.except battery everything is good in this price range .till now i didnt saw any lags.using it from 4 days.how to fix battery draining due to cell standby and phone idle. cell standby using 40%battery and phone idle 30%
This is the best phone in this price range.. I can rate this phone 4.5 out of 5 ... my satisfaction out of 10 :- OS - 9(4.1 that's great) build quality - 9 camera - 7(only average camera) camera flash - 2(very poor flash) video recording-10(it can record full HD) sound - 8 screen - 9 gaming - 9 connectivity - 9 battery - 7(only 4 to 5 hours internet uses due to large display, battery should be 2000 mAh at least) Overall i can say that this is a very nice phone ..anyone can go for this ..I am satisfy with this.. and don't expect more in this price range..
Okay! So, I've been using this model since August 2013. Even after almost two years of vigorous usage it's working as good as new. The UI still runs smooth with zero lag. The camera is decent enough for capturing images in well lit surroundings. It enables HD video recording which is like, super cool!!! (I've even used it to record videos for my YouTube Channel.) The best part is the noise cancellation ear buds that come along so you can enjoy uninterrupted music even in the noisy college canteen. Why I love it? #Super cool primary camera and video recorder. #Great Wi-Fi connectivity with high speed browsing (on the android browser. The chrome browser doesn't work that well) #Fusion Music App which makes it so easy to track new music on the charts. It also lets you trim music files. #It doesn't go dead when exhausted like most other comparable phones do. #The earphones are to die for. #Appreciable battery life. Would have been better if: #Updates were available for upgrading the Android version. That would make it harder to part with this amazing handset. #The secondary camera was more sensitive in low light. But you can live with that if you're not such a "selfie addict" as I am. LOL! #Bigger Internal storage. Cause storage space seems to run out pretty often.
All are good even after I am using more than one year but small change in battery capacity. Its normal after one year. I got it for 6300 but now rate is too high..
I bought Lava irish 455 mobile phone on 17.01.14, order id: OD40117024422. This mobile phone is not working now (after 8 months). Please inform service centre location and contact no. in Noida city.
this is a very bad phone,, plz guys dont go for this.. else u can spend this much money for other smart phone... bt dont go for this lava iris 455 model after 3 months , it starts hanging,, for every apps it takes time to open very bad,,,, very very bad,
I bought this mobile a long ago and over these months i have been monitoring the performance. Now i would recommend this product to everyone. Advantage: 4.5 inch screen Dual Camera and Dual Sim Looks good Battery life seem okay. 7hrs you run without looking for charger points Cons: Removing Back panel is quite difficult. but it came with additional back panel Camera quality is okay (But its obvious you cant expect more than this) Some time it may hang but not very frequently. Conclusion: Worth for the every penny you've spent on this. You can go ahead and purchase this. Use memory card to store your apps and other stuffs
Awesome screen resolution in this rage. But battery back up upsets very much. Camera up to the mark in day light but fails in low light.
It is the best phone for the price. slimmest phone too. I bought one more Lava iris 455 for my dad. Flipkart is awesome !!
Works fine, but the battery dies quite early on. After sales service isn't too great - have been unable to get a battery replacement for sometime now. See other Lava phones with colleagues having the same problem - would not recommend at this time.
Flipkart service is so good but mobile lava iris 455 voice clarity very low otherwise ok camera is not good flash totally waste final conclusion please don't buy this phone....................................................................
dont expect as a good android phone. its just a basic model. very unsatisfactory model. again i never go for lava
Good battery,good look,decent performance,decent camera,n flipkart service is always awesome... Display is not so good,we cant see in sunlight....but in this range its winner phone... A very good phone for android lovers who dont want branded phones
Nice mobile with maximum features for a smart phone. Worth for money My suggestion still on 1. Battery life 2. Photo Clearance 3. Heat during must be improved
I've waited and used this product for five months before posting a review so that I could do justice while evaluating the product so that my review makes sense to someone looking to buy this. So here goes Pros: Great value for money, good quality primary camera (with auto-focus) for daylight snaps Cons : Poor battery back up, Suited for : Users who mostly use call, sms, whatsapp, music and browsing. Not best suited for heavy game users For a phone under 7k, this does the job for me in terms of features I use (as mentioned under "suited for" above). Nothing extraordinary, just a good phone with all useful features including gps and dual sim. Having used a Sony Ericsson P1i, and a Samsung B5512 before, this was my first non-qwerty and all-touch phone which i warmed up to gradually considering the good quality screen-keyboard on this phone (screen size good enough for your fingers to rest without making too many errors). But if you compare the phone dimensions it is larger than a Samsung S3 / S4 which has a 5" dispaly (as against the 4.5" display this Lava Iris has) because of wasted empty space above and below the display - could have been more compact and atleast reduced 10 mm. Haven't installed too many apps, but with the standard Whatsapp, FB, Viber and a couple more apps, you won't run out of internal memory possibly, but you sure will run of out the 512 mb RAM to run this phone, which starts to make the phone drag (especially if you keep adding all updates of all installed apps) The really bad part - Poor battery! I know this is a common woe with all smartphones, but if you can, you must invest in a phone with good battery back up, because it is the only important differentiating factor left among all the options. And for a heavy phone user (of any type, this isn't the choice, I sort of knew it before buying, but I learned it the hard way) In fact, till I started using Auto Screen brightness feature, with 1 hour calls and 2G mobile usage the phone used to last half a day. Now with auto screen brightness, it pulls through my work hours, but if I go out post work without recharging, the battery is dead by 7 pm. You will need to give it another charge for about 30-60 minutes at office if you hope to have a running battery by 10 pm. And yea, with 3G use, it drains almost all the battery in about 1 hour! So I use two SIMs, one with 3G and one with 2G and switch to 3G only for a short while when I need it. Last two cents - If you want a smartphone for reasonable usage, this sure is a dependable phone. It isn't great shakes, it is just ok. For a heavier user, this might become a bit of a handicap.
I am indeed very happy to use this smartphone. I don't have any problem with this smartphone. Everything in this smartphone are just unexpectedly awesome................ But the only defect is that the receiver speaker cracks a little bit on full volume but I think it's because of over volume because when I lower little bit the receiver speaker volume then I works just fine... Overall I give this smartphone a 5 star rating... LAVA ROCKS.....
Battery life not upto the mark. Navigation in the menu bit difficult. Had display problem in just 10 days time from purchase. Guys going for it, think twice.
The apps are very useful Large screen helps a lot.The front and back cameras and the facilities for improving the shots are very nice.The music system is very nice.Totally I feel lava Iris 455 buy is a good deal.The app google+ helps us for storage of photography and improvisation of shots.
hume kya chahye apne phone meine- what do v want in our phone??? LCD Display---- badiya(Excellent) Touch sensitivity -- badiya Speed- badiya Photo quality - badiya Flash- good video quality - badiya LCD Size- badiya-4.5'' voice clarity- badiya memory- badiya games support- badiya resoulution - badiya looks - badiya handy- badiya aaps support- badiya battery - ok- suckes quickly on application usage weight - good software design - excellent after sale service- abhi pata nahi-not know now - 2 months experience challo ab phone kharid bhi lo.....sasta aur accha Let us buy and dont think much ..... cheap and Best
I bought this phone last month. I am quite satisfied with the quality and build of the phone. Only this that bothers is the battery life, which is short for such a good quality phone. Overall this is a value for money product.
Bought this for my sis . As always Flipkart is Awesome !! Seems to be a nice buy at this budget ... nice looking ... as expected battery is an off .
Been using for more than a month now. Its a neat phone. Its got 512 mb so not for gamers but for normal users its the best choice. Display is good. Design is fair enough. Headphones not good quality. For this price I would rate it 4/5.
Great mobile with good display, RAM and ROM.....Usual LAVA battery sucks....Battery is the most disappointing one....Lava needs to come up with good Battery for their survival.....
those have a battry problem.. charge mobile on switch off mode.. u will get good results. and i suggest to flip kart. sell flip cover or cases of this mobile. which not avilable on flipkart.
I have purchased a lava smart phone irish 455 from flipkart on 20 sep, 2013. within one month the phone get lots of problem, like calling problem, malfunctioning of some its apps. there service center not have a right person to handle this situation. they updates the OS twice without knowing the problem from customer. now they told me that the phone has a problem on its panel board and its required 15 days to complete. after 15 days i can't reach them. every time their phone is busy. after that I logged the problem to lava customer care and they confirm me to resolve the problem within 72 hr, but couple of 72 hr passed but still my problem not solved
Purchased it from flipkart. Needless to say delivery by flipkart was prompt and on time. Coming to the product, have been using it since 2 months, no issue so far, rather has been doing extremely well. Would certainly recommend for others who are looking for budget android phones with good performance.
the phone is awsme in 6700 though i bought from outside not frm flipkrt camera is awsme in day bt bit fussy in low light and gaming experience is also very good i have installed 10 games above 50 mb bt still the phone works perfectly evrything is good about the phone display is crystal clear with a good resolution and looks are awsme and screen size is also nt too big or small its moderate in the end i would like to say it is a value for money with so many pros nt a single con hope u like dis ......
lava iris 455 is great phone. i buy it from shop 1 week ago.(not heating) prons 1 Great looks ,stylish, handy 2 good processor 3 4 gb rom 512 ram 4 camera good(not best) 5 good touch response 6 good music output 7 fast internet 8 4.5 qhd bright screen cons 1 battery backup low Battery backup is low .This phone is not for gamer,movies watcher. 1 this phone best suits for collage going students 2 for those who wants good looks.(compromise on other things) 3 and for those who use their phone for calling,listen music ,check mails,fb,we chat(plays games,watch videos ,movies frequently) Some person say its heat up . solution uncheck quick boot in setting>accessibility>quick boot For saving battery 1 use juice defender,easy battery saver 2 display use 30-35% battery .so use low brightness. 3 off wifi,data comm if not in use
This mobil is very good . But I Have a Battery Problem within a 1 hour my mobile battery is fully down without using any game , Internet or Gps . Please solve this problem.
This phone has all the features of a phone above Rs 10,000. It is a great buy. Extra back cover provides choice to give a new look to your phone any time.
IT IS NOT THAT USER FRIENDLY, NOT HANDY IN ANY RESPECT, LOOKS GOOD BUT OF NO USE, SOME APPLICATIONS ARE COMPLICATED, SIMPLE TASKS ARE GETTING COMPLEX ED. FINALLY, IT IS A LOSS OF MONEY.
I am writing this review after using this phone for 2 months..........Well to start with, this phone rarely has any issues expect its Battery Life. It will only last 2-3 hrs after playing games,watching videos,music etc..........U cant really expect to watch movies as it will eatup 60-70% from battery.........It can play 720p videos easily but it cannot play 1080p videos...........Except the fact that it has Pathetic Battery it is a VALUE FOR MONEY product...........u cant really get 4.1 jellybean dual core processor and a big superb looking screen of 4.5(everything looks crystal clear) within 7000.......it can easily take 60-80 apps installation without any lag...........It can run Temple Run2,Subway Surfer,POP,Real Football 2012,2013 with ease(didn't tried any other till now)........The heating problem is common with android smartphones......The Sound quality of its Earphones are Excellent ( Same as Sony's Quality)......... It has 512 mb ram with 2gb internal space( better buy a 8/16 gb sdcard )......u can move the installed apps to your sd card easily.......Do charge the mobile For atleast 5hrs at first time when you buy it and also buy a good quality scratch guard (u might need it soon).........It is a Handy Mobile easy to use..............
I HAVE PURCHASE THIS MOBILE ON 29-10-2013 ITS HEATING PROBLEM, BETTARY NOT UP TO DATE, IF U FULL CHARGED YOUR BATTERY THAN YOUR BATTERY RUNNING ONLY 2-3 HOURS. I M FEELING SO BAD, VERY BAD MOBILE.
i ordered this phone today. i read all review this phone before giving order flipcart. my friend has this phone and playing good. all specification is good but only one problem is there. only 512 mb memory is there. but no problem, use advance mobile care app from google app. other method root the device and use roehsoft ram exepander app which available in market. finally this is awesome phone. i am giving this 5 star rating.
I'm using this mobile for around 2 months. The performance is good. It's display is really nice. The 4.5 inch display is perfect to hold, neither too small nor too large. Camera quality is good at day time, at night picture is not that good but the again you can't except much from a phone in this range with such a big display. The ram is okay, not bad. It runs all the applications smoothly, haven't tried playing games on it. The UI is quite good although you need to decorate it a little bit. I generally use this phone for reading documents, pdfs and surfing internet, I don't play games and till now I don't have any problem with it. If you're looking for a phone for surfing internet, playing videos and reading documents. It is a perfect one for you.
The Lava Iris 455 is the perfect phone for college students such as me. Students who want a good looking phone that is packed to the brim with features, looks fantastic but it comes at a budget price. The Lava Iris 455 has a super fast 1GHz dual core processor with 512 of RAM that runs Android Jelly Bean 4.1. While it may not be 4.2, it certainly isn’t a deal breaker as all the apps still run as smoothly as ever. The phone also comes equipped with 2 cameras, a 5 MP rear camera and a VGA front camera. While the front camera is only good from video calls and nothing more, the rear camera and flash take pretty good pics for Facebook. However, the star of the whole package has to be the excellent qHD display of the phone. The fact that I can get so many features for just 7000 rupees is a testament to Lava Mobiles’ business acumen!
AFTER MUCH RESEARCH ONLINE I ORDERED THIS FONE THINKING THAT IT WOULD SERVE MY PURPOSE OF VIEWING ONLINE VIDEOS...SO AFTER USING IT FOR 1 WEEK I'M READY TO RATE THIS FONE :- 1ST THOUGH CONS:- 1) WORST BATTERY JUST LAST FOR NOT MORE THAN 2 HRS ON INTERNET SURFING..... I WAS SO FED CHARGING THE FONE 24 X 7....THAT IT DOES'NT SERVE THE PURPOSE OF MOBILITY AT ALL....DESPITE OF ASKING FOR A REFUND FROM FLIPKART...THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE REP WAS VERY RUDE AND SAID THEY HAVE A REPLACEMENT POLICY...SO THEY CAN REPLACE THE BATTERY...HOWEVER I 'M DOUBTFULL THT THE BATTERY WILL EVEN SUPPORT 3-4 HRS OF INTERNET SURFING.....THEY HAVE ACTUALLY CLAIMED 6HRS....WHICH IS TOTAL MISREPRESANTATION...PLEASE DON'T GO FOR THIS FONE....SINCE ALL YOU'LL LAND UP DOING IS CHARGING THE BATTERY THE WHOLE DAY......WHICH IS JUS BELOW PAR....... 2) CHARGER CORD IS SO SHORT. 3) WITHIN MINS OF USE THE FONE GETS HEATED UP LIKE HELL....IF YOU R CARRYING THE FONE IN YOUR POCKET U'LL FEEL U R CARRYING SOME HOT STEAMY STUFF. PROS 1) PROCESSOR IS SUPER FAST NO LAG AT ALL..PLAYS ALL VIDEOS HOWEVER I HAD TROUBLE RUNNING MP4 FORMAT.....AFTER MUCH EFFORTS I DOWNLOADED AN MP4 APP FROM PLAYSTORE AND THE PROBLEM WAS SORTED.REST MX PLAYER IS DOWNLOADED WHICH HELPS TO PLAY ALL THE OTHER FORMATS EASILY. 2) SCREEN DISPLAY IN HD IS VERY GOOD 3) MUSIC PLAYS WELL...SO ARE THE MIC AND VOLUME CONTROL . 4)I'M NOT IN GAMING SO HAVEN'T TRIED PLAYING GAMES. ALL I COULD STATE IS FLIPKART HAS VERY GOOD DELIVERY ......HOWEVER THEY NEED TO BE MORE SENSITIVE TO CUSTOMER'S NEEDS....I M DISAPPOINTED.........
AFTER USING 1 AND HALF MONTH...... ALTHOUGH IT WORKS SUPER SMOOTH TILL NOW BUT ITS BUILD QUALITY HAS BEEN COMPROMISED CARELESSLY.... READ MY REVIEW AFTER USING 1 AND HALF MONTHS. suddenly i discovered that there is no network at all on sim-2, while network on sim 1 is so low that i cant make calls, i changed with different sims, also did factory reset but doesnt make any difference... I WILL HAVE TO VISIT SERVICE CENTRE NOW WHICH I JUST HATE FOR ANY NEW DEVICE. currently i am so disappointed to chose lava and i think i have wasted my 7000 rupees... CHEAP IS WASTE POOR ASSEMBLED SET... this set is poorly assembled as after merely using for 1 and half months i found dust on the camera lens which accumulated from inside. it is the result of improper assembling due to which dust managed to enter inside the phone. i dont think this phone is going to last for long ACCORDING TO MY 2 MONTHS USING EXPERIENCE THIS PRODUCT WONT LAST MORE THAN 1 YEAR, .... BELOW AVERAGE BUILD QUALITY, AND YOU WILL REALIZE IT ONLY AFTER USING FOR SOMETIME..
price is low compared to other but this product having some problem like low memory, and over heatting
All type feacher is best....... processor and touch are best. Screen is good KEY FEATURES OF LAVA IRIS 455 (BLACK) 0.3 MP Secondary Camera Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB Android v4.1 (Jelly Bean) OS Dual Standby SIM (GSM GSM) 1 GHz Dual Core Processor 4.5-inch qHD Touchscreen 5 MP Auto Focus Primary Camera with Flash Wi-Fi and FOTA Enabled
I bought this phone 3 weeks ago. The features of this phn is awesome but i'm facing a problem of battery backup. The battery backup of this phn is very poor. 1500mah is not enough for this phn. It should be 3000mah.
First of all thanks flipkart for timely delivery of product. It was spot on. Product is well wrapped and sealed. Now coming to phone, Its very good for its price range. Display is crisp, Touch sensitivity is good, Battery is OK OK. Haven't tested headphones yet but i don't listen music on phone so not sure if i will ever test it. Overall satisfied with the phone. Now coming to lava its not a popular indian brand like micromax. But i sincerely liked quality of lava phones. I also have an iris 501 at my home since 6 months without single glitch and working strong. Good work lava keep same quality control and you will be successful :)
Its been two month the handset is resulting well in all aspects. only the con is Display is bit low on backlight (Bluish) but at this price it can be tolerated. good for entry level android user. Go for it.
First of all let me clear that i am writing this review as end user and not the specialist. I bought this from ebay at 6100. I was really surprized to see such kind of features in such less price. 1) Body and looks : Its a really good looking and easy to handle phone with 4.5inch display. 2) Dual sim : Its dual sim and can be used for 2 GSM sims. I ready some reviews mentioning its single sim for GSM. Its not true. 3) Apps and functions: it has some cool apps and functions inbuilt. 4) Camera : Camera is 5MP with LED flash. Though its not comparable to Samsung and Nokia's 5MP cam; still its good for outdoor and indoor photos with suffiecient light available. 5) Sound: It has great sound quality, ear phones are also good. application named 'Fusion' is also great. 6) 2G/3G : it operates with good 2g/3g speeds. 7) Battery: It might be the only weak point. Battery doesnt seem to last long. Although i have not tested it completely. Overall, i give 4.5 stars out of 5 to this Indian Phone. :) :) Its a great deal for such low prize.
Reviewing the phone after extensive use of one month. All features working smoothly, few tweaks in android & the iris rocks. Only disappointment is battery, less back up.
Thanks To Lava For Manufacturing such a affordable Handset. Product is very nice i am using it and purchase it from online last week. Only One thing I want to say that the accessories of Lava is not available in the market kindly provide it urgently. i.e (flip cover)
I bought the Lava Iris 455 a few days back and I have to say I am blown away by the features being offered at the price being asked. The phone has a 1 GHz dual core processor with 512 MB of RAM powering the latest Android Jelly Bean Operating System. The phone has a 5 megapixel camera at the back with features such as panorama and face detection. While it has a front facing camera, it is a VGA camera so the photos will not be as good. The battery is good enough to last a day with moderate usage but I would still prefer a bigger battery. However, the standout feature of the phone has to be the qHD screen. The screen looks great and has excellent viewing angles. This makes watching movies in bed while lying down great fun. Anyone who is looking for a phone at this price range should buy this phone as no other phone in this segment can match up to what the Lava Iris 455 has on offer.
As a Facebook and Twitter freak, I wanted a phone that had a great camera with excellent internet connectivity so that I can post the images to my two favorite social networking sites. However, since I am a second year college student, my budget was very limited. My boyfriend suggested the Lava Iris 455 and I must say I am quite impressed. The 8 megapixel rear camera is great at taking impromptu photographs at college and thanks to 3G, I am able to upload them to Facebook and Twitter and share them with friends. The front facing camera isn’t that good for taking photographs so I recommend using the rear camera only. The 4.5 inch screen was a pleasant surprise. I expected an average screen at this price but the clarity and colors on the screen are mind blowing. Close your eyes and buy this phone. Regardless of what you want to use a phone for as this phone is the perfect all rounder.
Thanks God I have brought from flipkart . Phone battery utter waste . Camera bad . Head set ( in hear ) superb. After installed some apps started laying . While playing temple run 2or running games sensor very bad and subway suffers works perfect . Over all waste because of battery . On 2G , 3G speed battery gets down and on 3G 4G speed battery gets down . I have asked for refund .
I got this phone from flipkart two days before. The phone is awesome in looks. Big 4.5 inch screen reminds Galaxy s3. And the main problems i found is 1) It is too difficult to remove the back cover. 2) Camera is not upto the mark 3) Heats up while charging 4) No internal battery (time resets after removing the battery)
I am a self-confessed mobile phones enthusiast, and I love checking out those phones which otherwise don’t come that much into limelight. I love writing for those phones that I find to be quite user-friendly, and love playing around with them too. Of late, Lava Mobiles have been in the center of my attention, and I have bought a couple of them. I wanted to share my conclusions about those to help fellow buyers with the performance of these handsets. If you are looking for the best value for money phone is the Indian market right now then look no further than the Lava Iris 455. At just Rs. 7000 you are getting a 4.5-inch screen with a qHD display that looks fantastic. The 1 GHz dual core processor is more than adequate to run the Android 4.1 jelly Bean Operating system on the device. The 5MP shooter at the back of the device may not be the best of cameras, but it is certainly good enough to hold its own. The build quality and design of the phone is top notch. I've dropped the phone accidentally a couple of times, and aside from a single scratch in the corner, everything works just fine.
This Phone is Great at the 6999 price, but with Flipkart, the specs given here : Li Polymer battery is incorrect. the phone had Li ion Battery. So request to flipkart to correct the specs.. rest the phone is great....
I must say I was very happy when I first saw the item. Just in Rs 7000/- its unexpected to get such a grand thing. But when I started using it I started feeling the pain. From the beginning the battery is the bad brat. It never got to charge above 80%, even though I put the mobile on charge after switching it off. Now after a months use the battery never get to charge above 60%. Also a new symptom has come up. The mobile suddenly become switched off while in use or in the middle of a call. I have asked for a battery replacement from Lava. Don't know if the situation would improve after the replacement.
Hi everybody...I got this phone on 18th July. The most common issues like low battery life and camera not good in dim light have already been explained. I have one issue with Flipkart that it said the phone has 2 GSM+GSM SIM slots, whereas the phone I received has WCDMA+GSM slot. So my other SIM apparently became useless since I started using the phone. :/ Considering this price, the phone looks are awesome, touch is good, qHD display is beautiful. Overall keeps peoples eyes stuck to your phone! One major problem I'm facing is with the data usage. I'm not sure if the problem is with the phone or Android Jellybean 4.1.1, but the data connection turns off automatically after a usage of 5 minutes or so. I have to turn the airplane mode on/off to get it back on. But the cycle goes on. So once you have sent a message to someone on Whatsapp, you might not receive the reply unless you reset the data connection manually, or wait for it to do itself automatically! These are the main issues I'm facing. If anyone has a solution to this and other better options to optimize the phone experience please let me know. By the way I would rate it 4/5 keeping the price in mind.
I purchased this phone from a local shop today noon at Rs 7550/-. The Online store can not deliver this product to my home (PIN - 741404) so I had to shell out more bucks. Now I list my first experience about this phone: (1) It looks good (Not Superb, plz consider the price). (2) Touch is very responsive though sometimes it tends to lag, but rarely. (3) Screen is of qHD resolution so everything looks crisp and crystal clear. (4) RAM is not so high (512 MB) but when I switched on the phone it showed just 180 MB free RAM available. So don't expect to run heavy apps. Also number of apps to be installed must be kept limited in order to run this phone smoothly. (5) Internal storage capacity for apps is about 750 MB and for multimedia, 1.73 GB available. (6) The predefined launcher is not very much smooth. May be I will have to try some others, like Next Launcher 3D (7) I see that Lava Iris 350 ( Which I owned 8 months back and still running perfectly ok) is much more smoother than Iris 455 (8) Speaker quality is not good. But headphone good (9) At last the one and only cons: Battery. Its just of 1400 mAh which is very insufficient for such a huge high end phone. FINAL VERDICT: You may grab it without hesitation. I will update this post after some day regarding my experience about this phone. OVERALL RATING: 4.5 My facebook profile: www.facebook.com/bbhowmick Phone: +91 87 68 42 40 79 Thank you for reading. EDIT on 23-Jul-2013 ---------------------------- After using playing video just for 3 minutes, it gets heated. Do you all also face the same problem? Plz plz let me know. I will be obliged to you. EDIT on 11-Sep-2013 ----------------------------- AFTER using the phone for 6 days, some problems arose and hence I returned this phone to Lava Service Centre. Since I take the phone within a week to Service Center, the Lava guys said that it will fall under the case of DOA. That means they will replace the phone with a new one. They also put options if I want another Lava model in lieu of this phone. I decided to take delivery of 504Q instead of this model. Now I have been using 504q for over a month and I am quite happy with the performance of 504q.
Its a great phone. I am using it . Battery backup is fine too. back camera is awesome. You can enjoy videos on it.hardly hangs ever.bog screen for this price.really value for money product.go for it.
Just got the delivery today. Like it a lot till now.. tried temple run, subway surfer, WCC... Running very good. Internet is fast. have not done more research... will update again after using. Camera is average one... It has been more than 6 months and I don't have any problem with my phone. I hope I can easily use it another 6 months to 1 year widout any problems. Note: I have installed like more than 20 apps on my phone... for better performance you can use memory booster https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.arytan.booster
Purchased from Flipkart.As usual the delivery was jet fast. The phone is so nice in look and performance. Speed wise it is super fast. Browser like Google Chrome starts within fraction of seconds. The only problem is short battery life. Of course I was aware of this problem as the Screen size, and the hardware specification itself shows that the 1500mAh battery is not sufficient for this Phone.
