MOBDTCX9Y377HCYE
THIS IS A GOOD PHONE 1. THOSE WHO HAVE PROBLEM WITH RELIANCE DATA - JUST GET AN OHM SIM AND TRY (IT WORKS FOR ME) 2. THOSE WHO SAY 3G DONT WORKS ON GSM - IT WORKS! 3. PLAY STORE DOES NOT WORKS - GET IT WORK WITH WIFI 4. POOR NETWORK COVERAGE - YEP NO SOLUTION YET FOUND :( 5. HANGS OFTEN - JUST FORMAT IT ONCE IT WILL BE OKAY
If someone has bought this cell plz update whether internet works on both CDMA & GSM or only on CDMA Evdo........ I have seen a Haier Set for just Rs. 4500+ which got net connectivity on both CDMA & GSM.
I got micromax duet today... Here are good and bad things about Micromax eg111 Good 1. Screen is pretty big for cdma users who may not have ues such a big screen phone 2. Processor, OS , Ram are really good no lag so far...working really smooth 3. performance quite good 4. Internet is working on both SIM that is EVDO and 3g too(though i havent tested on GSM) 5. touch is also smooth 6. over all good phone for cdma users but higher priced. Bad...... 1. First really bad thing is that play store is not working at all i have tried so many things bt still its not working ...i am searching for solution bt till now no solution... 2. No toggle buttons in notification bar which i found worst bug so far... If any one gets solutions for play store pl post
First the cons 1. Reliance CDMA data is not working. 2. No 3G. 3. Weak network signal strength (compared to HTC desire VC and Lenovo CDMA android - all three on Reliance CDMA connections with Micromax having worst signal strength and calls keep dropping even before you receive). Pros 1. Compared with other CDMA android devices, this one is value for money. Cheaper than HTC desire VC, Desire 600c, Desire 700. Definitely cheaper than HTC one 801d which is the only CDMA + GSM android device which can let you connect to 3G as well as EVDO. 2. Device is working smoothly otherwise. 3. Scree resolution and touchscreen are fine. 4. Have been installing apps through Amazon store. There will be a problem with automatic updates and stuff. 5. Camera is better than my pathetic Lenovo and the HTC desire VC. I hope Micromax provides a solution to the play store problem and ensures the three CDMA service providers (Reliance, Tata and MTS) run smoothly on the device (calls and data both). If there is a problem with data connection on Tata as well, am changing the rating to 1 star. The play store issue has been sorted out I think. At least on my phone
It's been a week using this phone... face one issue of internet connectivity on Reliance CDMA network but got it resolved by some heavy research and googling up... In mobile networks it ask you to put in your Mobile no. in username and paaword... in stead of it one has to put "net" in both the fields... 3G working perfectly fine... all good. Pros... 1. No update.... running on Android 4.1... the sad part 2. Camera could have been better since it's 8MP.
For quite some time I was on the hunt for a right smart phone for my use with CDMA Connection as well as GSM. My search ended at Micromax EG111. The initial experience is quite delightful. I bought it just about 5 days back. Exploring more and more features. I hope I won't have any shocks. SURI
the phone is good price given is little higher but this is advantage which micromax wil take as there is no competiton in cdma segement except for the screen resolution , rest everything is fine no preinstalled apps that consume ram , making phone always free 1 gb ram given , out of which 832 is usable and 300 something is used , you get 400 plus mb free always
good features, but price are quite high for micromax brand, Price must be between 11000-12000,other than It has very good camera, android,ram and look excellent.
I have ordered Micromax EG 111 CDMA and GSM dual sim mobile phone, At the time of order It was displayed in the web site that this is 3G enabled, however after receiving the product and started using I was not getting the 3G network, then I have contacted Reliance, Airtel and Micromax customer service. They had clearly confirmed that this handset is not 3G enabled, Iam highly disappointed being very reputed and successful service provider like flipkart will do this...I request flipkar for the full refund of the amount.
No network working proper. when we uses GSM then CDMA not working (like calls etc.) same when we uses CDMA
In previous reviews every one says play store is not working. So I checked with WiFi, play store is smoothly working. Yes, there is an issue with play store on regular network. So you can use other options like "Amazon Appstore" etc.
I am waiting for this opportunity with my Samsung Galaxy Pop which has froyo os. This phone has amazing specs and fits right into my budget. And another phone EG 116 has been introduced by Micromax this week also has same specs but with autofocus, little small screen size and battery capacity. Micromax has done a great job of introducing CDMA smart phone which India never had from Sept. 2011. Some of customers/ other mobile blogs have complained about play store connecting issues in this phone, hope that micromax will fix it with a firmware update. FOR NEW CDMA SMARTPHONE USERS: Please change your old cdma sim (T-Sim) to new OMH Sim cards to enjoy Internet in this new phone, Tata Indicom and Reliance gives it to their customers. I can't wait. This phone is OMH, will work with OMH sims of all cdma networks. External memory card is available in this phone supporting upto 32 GB
Dear All, I purchased this handset 2-days back and got the same problem of play store not working, however I have fixed that, Now play store is working on my phone without any issue. Tested with CDMA & GSM connection. it is working. Please try the below mentioned steps: Solution: insert GSM SIM card only and Disable ‘Automatic time setup option ‘ . Set the time and then try google play store. It should work. (This is one time procedure. Once google play store is connected it will work with CDMA/ Wi-Fi network till the time phone is factory reset again.)
My purpose of buying this phone was to have a single (GSM+CDMA) smart phone. I bought this phone after knowing that it is a 3G phone. From GSM 3G network is not appearing. From CDMA internet is not working at all as it is showing No Service. Also the phone is not Dual Active, as it is Dual Stand By. Also there is no confirmation from Micromax regarding the update of Android 4.1.2 OS. Can anyone suggest how to access GSM 3G network from this phone. I would recommend Micromax to find and implement the solution to my above mentioned problems.
BATTERY BACKUP IS VERY POOR, INTERNET SPEED IS VERY POOR.CDMA NETWORK IS ALSO VERY. MY HANDSET IS REPLACEMENT IF SAME PROBLEM FACING AGAIN I WILL ONCE AGAIN RETURN. AND COMPLAIN TO GRAHAK MUNCH FOR REFUND
The problem with google play store can be easily solved if the phone is connected thru wifi first and log in with google. I was pretty scared when i ordered the phone n read the reviews.. Wonderful phone and worth the price.
Got the phone today, little heavy compared to other phones of same size.(maybe its correct for the size of the phone) Play Store was not working, just changed the date and working perfectly.... Great Phone Hoping its gonna be worth the price....
CDMA SIM NETWORK COVERAGE IS NIL OR NEGLIGIBLE AND MY HANDSET IS ON THE WAY FOR REPLACEMENT! cdma and gsm handset users have just limited choices which is known fact . After motorola xt800 this is the one i have chosen as my next handset (hope to serve me for couple of years) For evdo in cdma you have to get manual settings from service provider and change sim to OMH (applicable for all cdma service providers) settings for reliance cdma is user name and password being your own mobile number itself everything else is left blank........ ( Wait for few seconds for power pack data to get connected ) Handset gets heated often .... for playstore problem as mentioned in other thread please donot try to connect playstore with wifi for first time (try with 2g data or evdo cdma internet) it will work ! If it doesnt try restoring data to factory settings it will be fine! I doubt on the durability and service ....For network drop matter in GSM i have chosen manual network option which is just awesome in terms of clarity!
A big no if you have used smart phone before, may be satisfactory for new smartphone user. Reasons for no: 1. below average screen quality, viewing angle is very less. It ruin your movie watching and game playing experience. 2. battery not as required for dual sim phone. 3. Touch irritates. overall disappointing experience. The Only reason to buy it is, CDMA SIM slot.
Weak network signal strength compared to MY OLD NOKIA on TATA CDMA connections with Micromax having TO BAD signal strength
Very good phone for CDMA (Reliance) users. EVDO/HSD service is working fine. Excellent spec and features at this price range. Good product and very prompt service and after sales support from FLIPKART team.
I purchased this phone as I wanted to have a phone where i can used my Tata Indicom SIM including EVDO service and my airtel SIM primarily for calls and SMS In this Phone CDMA work flawlessly while for GSM there is only 2G data service available (Upto Edge). No 3G though mentioned on the flipkart description page. It is clearly mentioned in the user manual. Battery is OK Lasts full day with moderate use. Considering the options we have in CDMA phones this is a good phone unless you are willing to spend 3 times the price. One issue that I find is with the memory for apps.. After updating and installing 10-12 apps (common apps) (Google Play worked for me without problem on wifi as well as EVDO) the available memory is less than 225 MB...
Micromax EG111 is a good phone in CDMA GSM model,the signal strength is not up to the range,camera clarity is good.
CDMA+GSM Mobile When you start DATA (NET) from GSM SIM you will lost connectivity of your CDMA sim Due to Faulty Chipset it can not be repair. Service center as well as micromax accept it is Manufacturing defect HOPE SOON it will be CALL BACK by MICROMAX
last time i ordered a xiaomi redme 1s from your site and i got the delivery on time but why didnt i got the handsfree inside the box. i wnna know if you ll be sending handsfree with this phone or not because it doent make sense if i dont get a accessories with my phone.
Good option for CDMA users wanting to upgrade to a smartphone at a reasonable price. I bought this phone a couple of months back and use it with my Reliance CDMA sim. Overall my experience with this handset has been satisfactory.
I brought this product six moths back it was working fine but one day play store stopped working and i gave the unit to local Micromax service center and its been two and half months now still they are not able to rectify the play store problem. The only answer i get is there is a software bug and it will take some time to rectify. Please don`t buy this phone as it`s of no use and is wasting your money.
Good display; good basic phone features. Can't get a better cdma phone at this price. Occasionally crashes, requiring removal of battery and rebooting
Nice phone for CDMA users its ultimate option. I am using this from last 4 months and its working good. having all latest features, but it should have os upgrade facility.
VERY GOOD SMART PHONE IN CDMA CATEGORY. IT HAS ALL THE FEATURES A SMART PHONE SHOULD HAVE. I AM LITTLE DISAPPOINTED WITH CAMERA. I THINK THIS LACK FEATURES IS OVERCOME BY MICROMAX CANVAS KNIGHT... ONE WILL NEVER REGREAT AFTER THIS PHONE IN CDMA CATEGORY. BEST OF LUCK.......
I bought this EG111 just 2 weeks back but the signal strength is so week that I had to shift back to my single sim Lumia. as Call dropping no signal et all was so common and moreover pfriends complaining that I am unavailable on phone. Written twice to the Micromax support but they did not care to even reply acknowledge the mail. Hope nobody further buys this product. Play store not working , 3G not working are the other common problems.
JUST GOT THIS PHONE 3 HOURS AGO....TESTED WITH VODAFONE AND BSNL CDMA SIM AND EVEYTHING WORKS FINE. NO PLAYSTORE PROBLEM OR NETWORK PROBLEM. Yes this phone does not support 3g(hpsa) for gsm sim.LOGIN INTO YOUR GOOGLE ACCOUNT IN SETTINGS BEFORE USING PLAYSTORE and playstore works fine. For those people complaining about no network CONFIGURE YOUR DUAL SIM SETTINGS PROPERLY. Those people complaining about no data in cdma CONFIGURE YOUR CDMA APN SETTINGS PROPERLY. This is an excellent phone for its price...yes i wish the signal reception would have been better other wise it is a decent phone. i was worried to order this phone when i read all those comments below but now i know it was problem with the users not knowing how to use it properly and not with the phone. A MUST BUY FOR ALL CDMA USERS.
First mobile DOA, replacement done by Flipkart, Review on latest arrived EG111: 1) Playstore started working on following trick given by other users. 2) CDMA Network Signal went to nil and not able to make calls. 3) Replaced OMH SIM, no change in network signal. Same SIM working on other CDMA with full network signal. Service provided has no idea, how to fix it. 4) Finally did some google and used GApp to locate signal and SIM settings, with some changes to setting, network signal return back. 5) Over all good phone with CDMA option, Manufacturer should capture known problem related with this phone and pass it to service center and post it over official site. 6) WIFI is not working, now trying to fix it …
I received my phone on 11th March 2013. On committed day, but phone was lying in godown for two days due to coding error. Strong feedback to Flipkart - They should reduce delivery times to customer which was their strongpoint prior to going for reseller model. And shud investigate such avoidable delays to keep up thier image. About the phone, I had got mail from Micromax that Playstore was working before I had purchased but on the day I received, I found it was not working. I took it to the service centre and model being new, they were also not very clear. Finally, he managed to get it wkg via WiFi. After that, when I checked, Playstore began to work on CDMA SIM as well as GSM SIM. My feedback to Micromax is that they should eliminate this by giving timeline to customers as to when this issue will be resolved and also mention in their booklet/ instruct service outlets to instruct users to connect to playstore first thru WiFi and then theu mobile data. I have already informed the local service centre. Otherwise the phone is good, large display, camera does not have any features like HDR, effects, etc. and pictures are also not that great. But if one needs to use CDMA network, then this is good piece. Quad core & RAM gives good response. Also, micromax should announce OS upgrade to 4.2.2/ or higher asap. Just an update( 14 March 2014).... I found an issue with video buffering.... It is not smooth. I checked by putting the SIM on another handset and playing the same video, it is smooth. Taken up with Micro max... let uc hope they resolve quickly. Else rating will get impacted.
