MOBDRNWHRWNQHR4D
good set for gsm/cdma combination at offered price. but cdma is only working for mts subscriber. so before buying thE set, please enquire for the same. this set would not work for reliance , tata and other cdma network
Its Camera quality is worst i ever seen. Internet does not supports on GSM Sim and does not works without MTS Sim. I purchased it on 9 th of feb 2014 and it satarted malfunctioning from 10th of feb 2014. First its speker become out of order then next day handfree become inactive and then it going on losing network even on GSM Sim. I visited Lajpat Nagar Micromax Service Center they told me that your phone is not showing activation so we can not change/ repair this use this some two or three more days then come. I also visited Nawada Check point they also told me the same thing. Then on 17 feb again i visited the Nawada Check point they again told me that this phone is not showing activation and visit to District Center, Janak Puri Check point. When i visited janakpuri Check point they told me that your phone cannot be changed because it pasts one week. Then there was very aggressive communication between me and the Mcromax staff and I dialed 100. After dialing 100 two policemen came and they helped me in changing procedure of Phone.
I purchased Micromax Canvas MT500 from Flipkart & face a worst experience in my life Don't buy any product from seller MIRCHIMART
After a long time, CDMA users got the good android option. I am using it for last 15 days, CDMA works only on MTS while GSM can be any operator. Anyways i dont have any issue taking one MTS connection as data speed is surprisingly fast and better as compared to 3G. Further Voice Tariff are cheapest in India. Very good deal...
After a long time, CDMA users got the good android option. I am using it for last 40days aproxx, CDMA works only on MTS while GSM can be any operator. Anyways i dont have any issue taking one MTS connection as data speed is surprisingly fast and better as compared to 3G. Further Voice Tariff are cheapest in India.
I have purchased this mobile January from mts store but it was sent 3 times for last 1 month to service center .They were not able to solve the problem til yesterday time given to is another 20 days for repairing mobile .It got hang out while on use
No value for money. phone switch off and on several times in a day. supports only MTS is a huge setback. power switch not working within 15 days. charging or USB port defective. worst experience with this product.
MTS Blaze 4.0 Review. The phone is a cheap ZTE phone priced at atleast twice the current value of such a phone. If u are buying the phone+plan believing that the 10 Gb per month is fine that is wrong. The connection is poor. with max speeds upto 512Kbps hence the plan is actually waste of money. Also the company does not mention till at the end that one has to recharge for 200 a month to sustain the plan. Hence the total cost is 6200 + (200*10) = 8000. Also worth noting that the company IVR calls your no. 15-20 times a day (Seriously !!!) and best is automatically subscribes to VAS. If u have a void inside your head then only buy the handset. I am regretting it from the first day. DO NOT buy !! Note the review is for MTS Blaze 4.0 NOT the above phone Confusing!!. The same tactics used by MTS to cell cheap phones. The phone above is Canvas (Not bad. Ok.) But you will be stuck with MTS the connection so all the best Please rate positive for the review so others are not mislead by MTS. STRICTLY DO NOT BUY !!
I have received Product ontime but since receipt getting problem in my mobile it is laying since 1 month in service centre for repair, software not working properly.
Never buy Micromax MBlaze Micromax Nitro hopeless phones, they keep auto-rebooting all the time... minimum 3-4 times a day, after 7 days of usage.
I had purchased mt-500 last 1.5 month. Overall performance is not ok camara quality is very poor. Phone reboot and hang up so many times automatically. Display quality is vga and very poor. In this range (price) phone is worst.
micromax canvas blaze is a very useful phone like using CDMA sim cards and who r using GSM sims and also i liked its fuetures verry much it makes a good smart phone
Now this phone is unlocked for all CDMA networks... Super. Using it on Reliance now... good one. Bought it for my mother and she was very happy...
i bought this phone now i regret... so many problem in this phone and service is also very bad... micromax service not good, so i suggest, pl dont buy this phone.
Not a good bargain at all. Service is also very,very bad. Don't be fooled into buying it. It is as good as money down the drain.
I bought this model from MTS.. excatly after two weeks on/off button stopped working... when i approched customer care.. they told that they needed minmum 10-15 days to rectify the problem as they have to get the spare from Delhi(its my goodness they didnt order it from China)..Poor Customer Care Service too..As I bought this from MTS.. i had to use the SIM only in MTS mobile.. so i was left only one option that is to buy an low cost basic MTS phone.. Moreover it has struck up problems..My suggestion is dont buy an Micromax mobile that too wit MTS sim..
very good phone compared to its price range. I worried before buying it because it is dual core, but it was surprisingly fast, faster even than my canvas hd. i think the snapdragon s4 chip was built for internet. I am using mts and airtel, but 3g is faster in mts, even airtel is fast but mts is faster. thanku mmx for a good phone, specially for internet freaks like me...:)
It is automatically restarting every few minutes. Flipkart and service stations no body is taking the responcibility. Worst experience ..don't buy
Better check Gionee gpad G2....gioneey were manufacturing phones for micro ax..xolo...other Indian Chinese brands...before their entry to India...
its nly for mts users nly as it was released specially fr mts users and v can nly use mts in cdma slot and other gsm networks in gsm slot
