MOBDR4P4N5JJQGUJ
Before I buy a titanium s5...I even read these reviews and there was some good reviews as well...keeping in mind..I bought this titanium s5..and after not even one month, the touch screen got damaged, and I went to a service station, and its been more than one and a half month...there is no sign of returning my phone...I have left hope...I would say to all those people even thing to buy any handset from Karbonn..please drop this idea...if still you go ahead buy this...then its your definite bad luck...you must thing no one will take this much time to write about a company unless he is highly frustrated
Got this phone 3 days back, phone got price dropped of Rs 250, I bought it when it was 10250/- Also wanted to say that Karbonn service may be pathetic as people say (this one is my first karbonn mobile) but my few friends in office having karbonn mobile and they never complained of anything so it encourage me to buy this one. And I am happy with decision. About mobile its quad core and 1 gb ram so never hangs, touch very smooth, speaker sound very good and network connectivity is also good. I played dead trigger with high graphics settings and it works perfectly without any lag, same with D-day. Cons: Off course budget phones will have some cons :D 1) onscreen buttons for home and back, they don't disappear, NEVER! event when you play game or watch movie. specifically you will get irritated when you type in landscape mode because you cant see keyboard buttons on very right side. REMEMBER THIS BEFORE BUYING! or get a hands on before you buy. 2) Headphone socket is very loose, if you connect headphone and try to put phone in pocket it will disconnected VERY FREQUENTLY. you cant listen to music by phone in pocket.Very baaaaaaaaaaaaaad if you are a music lover. You always have to carry phone in hand to listen to music or talk on phone. Also trebles is very good, but bass is tooooo low. 3) Battery life is poor, however not much complain about this (because its android) but a 2000mAh may have made some difference. Hope this review helps you decide to buy this phone or not, performance wise this phone is best in this class and price range.Good job Karbonn!!!!!!!!!!!
Karbonn 55, 1.5 Months in use and then 1 month in repair center for very minor problem with charging. No news on when it would come back, no answer on repair center phone, no answer on status from email! Folks thats *NOT* how i want my high end smart phone to be. Really rethink if you can afford smart phonewhich may just go for repairs and never come back? Incidentally the phone was decent while it lasted, totally value for money had it lasted.
i bougt this device great service from flipkart i opened the box and the large display device is just amzing looking device it does'nt have choclote buttons . it har 3 buttons 1-back.............2-home...........3-for multitasking purpose on the screen. good thing is the butn s on the the screen are transparent which is amzing like othe devices nexus 4 or expria . pros-amzing sreen quality........touch is responsive................1gb ram which can instaal lot of apps...............u can move heavy games like batman,asphalt or spiderman directly in sd card......... des-sound is not beter............ ALLL OTHER THINGS ARE WORKING GOOD ............. BUY IT I WILL ADVICE THIS DEVICE.............. FOR A BUDGET ANDROID PHONE ;-)
I purchased Karbonn S5 plus and using it since last 1.5 months.Phone's camera quailty is very nice.Touch is also very good.However only one disadvantage phone's music player doesnot have equalisers.
Got this phone 10 days back, phone got price dropped of Rs 250, I bought it when it was 9650/- Also wanted to say that Karbonn service may be pathetic as people say (this one is my first karbonn mobile) but my few friends in office having karbonn mobile and they never complained of anything so it encourage me to buy this one. And I am happy with decision. About mobile its quad core and 1 gb ram so never hangs, touch very smooth, speaker sound very good and network connectivity is also good. I played dead trigger with high graphics settings and it works perfectly without any lag, same with D-day. Cons: Off course budget phones will have some cons :D 1) onscreen buttons for home and back, they don't disappear, NEVER! event when you play game or watch movie. specifically you will get irritated when you type in landscape mode because you cant see keyboard buttons on very right side. REMEMBER THIS BEFORE BUYING! or get a hands on before you buy. 2) Headphone socket is very loose, if you connect headphone and try to put phone in pocket it will disconnected VERY FREQUENTLY. you cant listen to music by phone in pocket.Very baaaaaaaaaaaaaad if you are a music lover. You always have to carry phone in hand to listen to music or talk on phone. Also trebles is very good, but bass is tooooo low. 3) Battery life is poor, however not much complain about this (because its android) but a 2000mAh may have made some difference. Hope this review helps you decide to buy this phone or not, performance wise this phone is best in this class and price range.Good job Karbonn!!!!!!!!!!!
looks are awesome, Display is average good like canvas HD, performance is too good!!, camera Average... battery life is also very good.. Best things: Looks, slim, 1.3 Ghz quad core, light weight, good display.. Pros: Average Camera, simply its a worth phone at a cost of 10K..
Hi, This phone is working very good. I always prefer Flipkart for shopping online but this time I purchased it from amazon since I was getting 10% cash back on Citibank credit card otherwise Flipkart service is great. I was planning to buy either s5 plus or canvas 2.2 but finally looking after the style of s5 plus I purchased it and specification of both the phone are almost similar. Pros. 1. Customize screen for android. 2. Very slim stylish,good looking, light weight. 3. Battery doesn't heat up and battery works for a day for a normal use like whatups, checking mails. 4. Do not hang up runs smoothly. 5. Touch response is very good. 6. Head phone provided with phone is not average sound is ok but the wire quality of head phone is not good need to be handle carefully. 7. Pre installed apps can be disable no option to uninstall. 8. Camera quality is good I compared the s5 plus 8 megapixel with one of my friend Samsung S3 8 megapixel hardly any difference quality is very good. Cons: 1. I don't know for other but for me the back cover is fitted properly from all side but one side the tickling sound comes if I press back cover, little loose packing from one side from where back cover open may be because the back cover can be open easily. I would have given 5 star to it but due to back cover problem not actually a problem but I don't like such things in new mobile phones. 4 star for it. Thanks....
FLIP COVER IS NOT AVAILABLE IN MARKET SO PLEASE DON'T PURCHASE BECAUSE MY NEW PHONE GET SCRATCHES FOR TWO TIME WHILE USING. UNTIL COMPANY PROVIDE FLIP COVER DON'T PURCHASE.
Phone was fine for the initial days. Now from the past few days it's is getting hung n every time have to open the battery n reinstall the battery to make it work again.
I HAVE A WORST EXPERIENCE WITH THIS MOBILE S1 PLUS. I purchased it on flipkart. After 1 month of use, on a fine morning I found the set was dead. Took to the nearest service center. They checked the IMEI number, and returned me, said IMEI number was not found on their database. After a lot of try with karbonn customer care, finally they updated IMEI number. Again i went to the service center, now they refused to accept my mobile and told me that it was imported to india by a other party (JAINA, Noida) and they only accepts those karbonn mobiles which are imported to india by (UTL, Bangalore). they don't know where karbonn/ jaina service center is. After many tries I finally got only 1 service center in my state ODISHA, which is 200km from my home. till now my mobile is at this service center. how could you know before purchasing Online these facts? So buy a branded one ,
I had brought this phone 2 months back. Given to service centre for display problem. Took 2 months to get it back that too with unsatisfactory repairs. Extremely bad service.
I bought Karbonn titanium S5 around 11 months before so I am writing this review after using it for almost 1 year. I feel this phone really gave very good performance till now. Good camera, nice touch screen and good internet speed. It really never hanged while playing or listening music or chatting and still battery is running good. So if You are thinking of buying android phone for less than 10 K just go for it... Keep it up Karbonn
I bought this device in December 2013. I had a great experience with this phone. on 1st jan, it fell from my hand. the best part was that its screen doesn't had a single scratch.but the software was gone.I went to karbonn klinic. and they fixed it in just 1 hour. karbonn service is fantastic. Now about the +ves and -ves. +ves: 1. 5" screen.with oncell IPS. picture quality clear n very good. 2. 8 mp camera is great. but not the front cam. front cam. only clicks good images when there is sufficient light. 3. it has onscreen navigation keys.and u can make them disappear anytime. 4.1 GB RAM, 4 GB internal storage. and memory expandable upto 32 gb. great space. 5. 1.3 Ghz quad core processor. its superfast. -ves: its battery life: it has 1800 MaH battery life.not that good but fine. ITS A GREAT PHONE . BUY THIS!!!!!
I purchased two Tiatanium S5 phones and I am sorry to writ that Touch & Screen of Both the Phones Got broken within 3months .I Got it repaired for both the Phones @ Rs. 4ooo/- for each phone but that too was not fit enough and &&both of my phones are out of order .
this mobile makes me fool. it shows 5'' display but in reality it reduces to 4''. very bad quality of touch compare to other same mobile range. not a good display. please don't prefer it's my sincere request.
Fast delivery by flippart with committed items. Best performance mobile in this budget. Very slim fit well in hands. Customized UI by Karbonn is fantastic which cover all things which others not, Disappointed about camera. Its not at all good. Overall I would say it is very good phone in this budget.
I have read some of the reviews they say that if there is a fault in a device the company will not take any action and if they do so,they keep the phone for months to repair,so i have decided not to buy this phone.
Flipkart experience is good but phone performance is weak. I am facing battery problem in this phone.
Mind blowing screen resolution Good battery life Smooth processing Nice camera too Overall very good to buy it in 10k Its much better than Samsung galaxy grand
1) the quality of camera is not good 2) back touch button is not working properly 3) battery backup is not good 4) working too slow minimum application
Its a great buy for the price! Im very pelased with the phone.. its a kickass buy for under Rs. 11,000/-. If you want a ncie 5 inch Android phone, this one is a good buy. The camera is good, but not as good as Samsung phones. I've used it for 2 months and I'm very happy with the quality.
Pros:- 1. Big vibrant screen. Watch it from any angle, you won't miss any detail. 2. 1GB ram. Never faced any lags. Except during 1-2 sec after loading of high graphic games, but that is normal unless you compare these phones with nexus. Nenamark score touched 60 fps. 3. Light weight and slim. Paper is heavier than this one, No kidding. 4. Easy to root(framaroot app). Cons:- 1. Battery life. 1 day at max. 2. No cyanogen mod(yet). I miss that so badly :'(.. 3. Sound volume, is low for headphones Thats about it. Over all i am in love with this cell phone.
Very nice phone, it has 1.3 GHz mediatek MT6582, Mali-400 MP, 973MB RAM, Nenamark 2 score = 60.1 FPS Antutu Score = 16371 Screen is the USP, very great, nice colors, Camera is average... Overall great to use , fast and responsive. Brand is from Coolpad Karbonn... the Only CON is that..the battry power is LOW..
Just bought this phone today for my mom. Camera quality is good as it should be of 8MP. Sound quality is good too and also the headphones they provide has the rubber end (I dont know what its called hope you know) while the normal titanium s5 headphones were very simple ones. The inside pack doesnt provide with flipcover but it has a free scratch guard inside. Also this phone is slimmer that old titanium s5. You can even zoom in text messages a new feature I saw for the first time. I dont say its better than micromax hd ones but they have their limitations. If you buy this phone atleast you wont be dissappointed. My mom is very happy with it. Also she is a light user. Peace everyone!
For 10k this phone is a worthy contender. The phone is great in all departments except camera and battery backup--which are pertty average. Screen is USP of this phone. I found it to be better than mmx canvas series HD screens, but the screen is a bit more brighter. And the screen is low power consuming too. You will love to watch videos and movies in this phone because of its above average screen quality and the color contrast. Its not about PPI always--this phone proves it. Loudspeaker sound quality is nice and call quality is also nice. This phone has manual built-in call recorder and call recordings are crystal clear. Phone is nice for gaming. It is playing Asphalt 7 and 8 at high quality settings and the graphics qualty is awesome. Phone does gets hot at camera area while playing games for longer duration but cools down early too. Android version of this phone is tweaked in a nice way. I like the customization part. Its really easy to find contact no.'s with keyboard floating at right side. You can hide/unhide the 3 key buttons manually or can make them fix. Free ram is around 400-500 mb after installing daily use apps. Few little bugs needs to be fixed and there is scope of improvement. Battery backup is just average. Surprising part is that the most battery consuming part of the phone is cell standby and phone idle and not screen. Looks of the phone is great. They could have made it little shorter by cutting the extra area beneath. Phone is light and feels solid and grip is also nice. white color is looking nice. Plastic and chrome quality is very good. Touch of the phone is fine and its not exceptional. Touch has some room for improvement. I perviously had Xolo A500S, Lumia 520 and C5-00. Among all of them i found this phone to be the best. Xolo was also nice but the call quality was pathetic and camera too. Camera of S5+ is below lumia 520 and is at par with c5-00. The phone deserve 4 stars but i am giving 5 because of price point.
Horrible experience with Karbonn !! They are cheating people !! To Whomsoever it may concern, I'm writing this out of sheer pain. I bought "Karbonn A 52 Plus" smart phone 7 months back ( 18-8-2014) and the battery is already dead and un-usable ( Swollen Condition). I'm trying to buy a new battery but unable to get the stock from any of the Karbonn service centres in Bangalore and even on-line. Because of this i'm unable to use my phone from 1 month and my 12 months warranty has been reduced to 11 month which is a loss for me. I'm afraid of the quality of the phone and pray God it does not stop working after the warrany period !! Same thing happened to battery - exactly after 6 months of warrany on the 3 rd day, it was dead !!! It's pathetic that i made a decision to buy an Indian phone ( wanted to support it being an Indian) and i'm regretting for it now. I would also doubt on Service Centre if they have really taken my order which was given 1 month back and trying sincerely to get the battery. I would also like to inform you that Service Centre infrastructure is pathetic and this shows the cheapness and quality of Karbonn !!
Hi friends this is mohan. I am using Karbonn titanium s5+ from last 10 months.It was great feeling by using this phone.I have earlier used Sony Ericsson xperia arc s.But I am not disappointed by taking this mobile in place of xperia. Pro's: 1.Display is IPS LCD with amazing viewing angles, top notch in this price range.No other phone was incomparable with this. My friends Samsung galaxy s3 was nothing in terms of display department. 2.Touch is very responsive. 3.Build quality and design was super. 4.Very slim and light weighted. 5.Connectivity is also good as I tested WiFi and 2g.it works good. 6. Surprisingly Benchmark scores are in between Samsung galaxy s3 and Google nexus4. 7.The best feature in it was 1.3 GHz quad core processor and 1GB ram. I never found any delay in playing games and applications. 8.almost 450 mb ram was free even if you use daily usage apps like Facebook whatsapp,viber . 9.sim management was good. 10.camera was as I expected from karbonn.Day time photos are very good and in night time it won't be that much. 11. Front camera was very good behave like 2MP camera. 12.This phone has excellent graphics and supports heavy graphic games like front line commando dead trigger2 modern combat4 etc. Con's: 1.Main drawback of the phone was battery.1800 mah is not at all suitable for a quad core phone. But it will give you a one day backup with daily usage apps and half day for heavy gamers. 2.Loudspeaker was not loud. 3.Headphones are not that good. 4.Default launcher looks like cheap phone. Install third party launcher and this will give you a premium look.(I am using Espier launcher i7 , it made my phone just like iphone). Finally guys it was an amazing phone .I got it at 8100/- on snap deal.Best worth for money. This is really great headset at this price.I would recommend for friends
No video call without internet. worst functioning. Worst after sells service. Very cheap level parts used. which fail within 1 or 2 month.
1) About this handset is perfectly good .I buyed this product now become 6 months .Expecially back camera is more satisfied,good for using internet and also can say battery life is impressable.About price of this hadset can say acceptable one, Thank you.
I have been using this piece of crap for 5 months now, I feel like killing myself, random hangs, screen freeze sometimes on a simple operation as a screen unlock...boot time after hang is not fixed sometimes it reboots 3-5 times before coming to its senses. I want to know what was Karbonn thinking? Guy you have been warned, if you go for this phone I recommend you must be having a lot of patience as you might feel like hammering or throwing this device. To be clear, I visited the service center multiple times...they just did a factory reset, which I could have done myself, still after visiting them 3 times, this device has no hope, I feel like I have been mocked. I would have given it a minus or zero rating if possible.
this is a quality product..and the screen of this mobile is simply amazing.. this is slim and its got a cool interface
I purchased Karbonn A30 from Flipkart in August 2013. I am giving it a one star. Not because the handset has any problems.. but because it has poor battery life, and the battery is not available for purchase. So I will have to junk the phone. The behavior of the service center, call center and customer support is unbelievable. Sometimes I am advised to visit another city to purchase the battery, if it is not available in my own city. Sometimes I get junk mails, with automated messages, informing me that "handset is pending for part at the service center", or "due to the part problem the set is under repair process now and the same has been escalated to the concerned service department also". The company should be closed down. It is a fraud. In fact the service center people had informally warned me that the battery will never be available and I was just wasting my time, corresponding with the company.
Guys U got a buy this fone, at this cheap price its good fone Camera clarity is good, Headfone fine, speakers fine. 3G and WIFI connectivity is fine Overall Satisfied....
I have Karbonn Titanium S5. i presume this phone is also same. Pls don't buy this phone. It has a very weak antenna , both for GSM signal and GPS. Forget getting a GPS lock, it keeps hunting for GPS for hours. When these basic requirements are unsatisfactory, what's the point is explaining its goodness? still.... Audio quality is awesome. lovely HiFi treble, decent bass. No lag in the phone. Display is decent. Camera is average.But but... again.. wat's the point if signal reception itself is very weak? Don't buy
iam using this phone last 5months its works superb. no hanging nice camera battery back up also good screen resolution is awesome I recomended to friends buy this phone iam installed so many apps the phone works properly no hanging
This phone is amazing for use. Many games can be installed on sd card but internal storage for installing apps and default apps is less than a GB. Overall a good phone but as the buttons are on screen, this sometimes create problem while using the phone. It can be irritating.
Hi ordered for white and I got blue. What is this? and even i tried to call for replacement, but no positive response got from flipkart for this. so please be cautious before spending your hard money .
Dont buy the karbonn product the after sell service is worst if you visit the karbonn customer care you are experience is like that you have done a mistake and you are not guide and worst behavior of Representative like you are taken money from them they also not know when the company can give your mobile after repair i am facing the same problem my cell is with service centre till july rating for the karbonn product is --100
customer care is not supporting for problem that i was complained regarding battery and network problem there was sound problem also
Phone is great as compared to the price range it belongs to. Must buy if your budget is around 7000. Great display colors. Decent Battery hours. Almost all apps and games work smoothly on the phone.
Frnds go for it at this price u will definitely love it in first look. it is value for money. brilliant screen. best sound quality. better space of rom. 1.3 quad core. some how camera will disappointed you at night. leave that what you want at this price. pls dont trust on disappointed reviews. i m the buyer of this product. but only go for white colour this colour lukin fantastic. allocate your money and buy this product.
Its a very good product of karbonn but i think not best..this mobile navigation screen button has become in the screen . so try it..n enjoy
I WILL RECOMMEND EVERYONE TO BUY THIS PHONE AS THIS IS VERY GUD PHONE OF ITS PRICE LIST IT IS HAVING VOICE CONTROL ,FACE LOCK , ETC AND A GUD LOOK
I received this product on 28th of August but not happy with the product and quality. Phone heat up so soon. Battery Charging problem Charging point is too loose. Pathetic. Did this mistake thrice but will not repeat it again. Thanks Suresh
phone is not so good. mene mobile liya tha, but after 1 month ye charge nahi hota he, fir bhi filp cart ne ise change nahi kiya, sirf service center ka pata de diya, wo to mujhe bhi malum he, replace nahi sale sab jhute he,
My karbonn a30 got multiple issues during few months of purchase, they took it for service, spent about 15*-20 days and handed over my phone after removing the surface scratch guard. and then again the camera and phone stopped working. NO VALUE for money, WASTE PRODUCT AND SERVICE.
very nice phone with best resolution and size. best processor and super fast 3G .
three days back my karbonn titanium s5 display cum touch screen get cracked minor due to which my touch not working at all....so i brought it to the local dealer.the dealer directly said it cant be repaired but will be changed with new one.for this he asked me to pay Rs. 5000/- i shocked as the whole price of the same mobile is merely Rs 8000/-then how could be the display price so high almost the value of the new mobile.my dear friends i am in doubt please let me clear as what is the actual price of the karbonn titanium s5 display???pls help me out.!!!!
Phone is very good but there is no guaranty for a minute means,the service is very worst there is no response till 3-4 months and after that no guaranty your phone will be work properly
Super mobile, every thing is super, right from the primary camera to working, superb mobile at these cost, Happy to buy it.
i want to aware all buyers not to buy any kind of karbonn phone they have pathetic after sales service if you any kind of problem after buying karbonn phone be ready to lose your phone for around 3-4 months i am telling you my personal experience.
So ya...i got this product on 4th June and after almost 2 months of its vigorous usage i am writing this review. I'm a 17 year old teen so i definitely did test this thing's limits.! PROS: >>Fast Processing. You wont see it lag much. Gear it up with DU Speed Booster or Clean Master and you wont ever need to worry about it. You cant doubt this thing's speed. >>Astounding Camera. An 8MP camera and it works great if you know how to use one.! :P i often take it out or click random stuff to check it's camera quality. Its simply amazing. Photos are crisp, clear and for once, breathtaking. Check some snaps from this on my Instagram if you want @thisissuryansh. The Secondary Camera may not always satisfy your selfie thirst but come on -_- if you really want such a cool pic, then use the timer from your Primary Cam or ask someone to click. You can configure Exposure and ISO and also have some classic modes like Mono which isnt found easily. >>Screen/Display. A 5" IPS screen. Dude, what else do you need.?! Your picture appears clear and beautiful and big enough ofcourse. It has got options to Auto Adjust Brightness and well it is efficient but i like to keep it low, saves power.! :P The touch is nice. You cant complain for that. >>Feel. You hold the 5" Pearl White device in public. You'll show a class. It's lightweight so you wont feel anything but a firm grip.! Team it up with a flip cover and it will gain weight but its for the good.! Maine to gira bhi diya tha but cover ne bacha liya screen ko. >>Memory.You get 1GB RAM. Great.! Internal offers you 1GB too and then Phone Storage offers you around 1.4GB. So, yeah, you can run apps, play music and switch between WhatsApp and Facebook and it wont trouble you.! CONS: No as such, the only thing i found was this... >>Battery. Ok get this that if battery is listed in CONS then this thing sucks. Charge it at dawn and go out in the world and you wont need to charge it again till night if your usage is moderate but if you are a hardcore user then you may go looking for a charger after 8-10 hours. One thing that sucks is it's standby time. It's pretty bad compared to other phones but still..! :-) Hope it helps.!
Screen is of bad quality. It got unresponsive suddenly after few months of purchase. As it was in warranty so i send to service centre. though they changed the screen but I am sure screen is of bad quality. Good phones's screen cant go wrong in few months of usage. I dont know how many months it will sustain after change. Otherwise phone was ok.
Karbonn titanium is an awesome phone at cheaper rate with the same features which the others are getting from high priced cell phones of branded companies. You will love this phone surely after using it.
dosto aap logo se request hai k aap log kabhi bhi karbon ka koi mobile na khareede ..kyun mene jo galtee ki hai main nahee chahta aap logo k sath bhi wesa ho ...wese main ye likhna to nahee chahta tha but majboori main bata rakah hun..mene kuch maheeno pehle karbonn titanium s5 mobile khareeda tha jis main kuch time baad bohot c kamya aani shuru ho gayee ..jese touch screen aur software wagera kee ..kher main jab aaj se 1 mahee ne pehle ise noeda sec 62 k service center lekar gaya to .mujhse pehle ye kaha gaya k aap ne ye mobile net k zarye kharada hai is liye aap ki comp. abhi nahee li ja saktee do din lagegan is k baad mujhe 1 hafte ka time diya gaya...mene 1 hafte baad pata kiya to phir 1 hafte k time de diya gaya..phirt mene 15 dino tak wait kiya jab dobara pata kiya to phir 1 hafte ka time de diya gaya isi tarah lagbhag 1 maheena beet chuka hai crevice center wale theek se pho k bare main bata bhi nahee rahe hai aur mujhe ab koi khas ummeed bhi nahee hai mera kam jaldee hoga ...kher main ab aaj se india walo ki aankhe kholna chahta hun k plz kabhee bhi aap log karbon ka koi bhi set na khareede kyun pese west aur time west k siva kuch b nahee milega...aur main koishish karoonga k aage bhi main janta kee aankhe kholta rahun ...
Value for money, nice looks. camera is a negative point here, it doesn't feels like a 8mp camera. however everything except camera is good, phone is very light weight and the metalic finish borders are cool. cheers
Please don't purchase this phone. the ringtone is very feeble. It cannot be heard at all. If you wan't only the phone with no audio you can opt for this phone......................
Amazing phone with this price range. Everything is working fine start from game, facebook, whatsup, viber, etc. I recommed this phone to everyone in my close circuit. If all the things are there in this phone, why to go for expensive phones. Overall, there is 1-2 year is the time span of every phone get old ( software specification). So by this philosophy this phone is better then other phones with price range
I have purchased karbonn a26 mobile through flipkart,Now its not working and 45 days back i give the mobile to karbonn service center.Still i didn't get in my mobile.I called karbonn toll free number 1800 102 4660 but not responsible to any calls.Karbonn service is to bad.
Good things: First of all, looking of the set is very nice and price is reasonable 1. Picture quality is good 2. Video is also good 3. Touch screen is also good Bad things: 1. Camera is not good. Camera is 8 mp, but originally its not. 2. Sound is too low.
Frns pls dont buy this bloody company, I am telling with my personal experience not only me of-course Others also facing the same problem the products is not at all performing good and Service centres also not doing good, their taking 6 to 7 months to repair, even some of the cases they are taking one year also, I seen at Karbonn service centres If U buy this product means definitely It will work for 3 - 4 months and remaining it will spend in Service centres only...and my request is to buy only branded one not these type of companies they need only money not customer satisfaction....
Hi, this is a very good product. Display, battery life, features, microprocessor speed, build quality & feel are very good and comparable to Samsung Galaxy Duos range. Only disappointment is the camera. Dispite 8MP, it has poor sharpness. however daylight snaps are ok ok. Overall great product in terms on price. When compared to my previous phone was Samsung Galaxy Core, this phone do not hang even while gaming. all in all a good product.
phone looks good , processor is also nice but the most disappointing camera i've ever seen. I think flipkart has delivered a faulty piece. Requested a return but they have not contacted me for the past 8-9 days. Dont buy if u like clicking pics.
But I still feel its worth buying since it saves around 10k than other bigger brands. If you are busy this is not phone for you since service is bad. you can hide those on screen buttons .
Almost everything in minimum budget.... I would say must buy phone under 8k No lag or hang problem till now Display is more colorful compare to other brands
Just Go for it if you are opting for a budjet mobile which is awesome i brought this mobile on 22 nd JUNE in flipkart for 7949 the same day i went to a near by shop i was so shoked to find that it was 10199 in that shop ;) this is an awesome opportinuty for you to bye it before it goes OUT OF STOCK!!!
Awesome Phone in a budget price and above all WS Retail is the best seller on whole online shopping community in India
Dear viewrs please don't buy this mobile. I brought this mobile 2 months back. Afrer 2 months it has been strucked. I went to the service centre. They said to me it has a software problem, we will send to the company and they will give after a month. I can't understand why should i brougt the mobile, i gave back to the company! How tlike these mobile companies think the people are jokers. This is a worrest mobile. And the service centre in vizag, Andhra Pradesh, Arun cell care is the too worrest to respond properly. Please do not buy this product. Waste of time to see the karbonn product. I have complained to the karbonn service centre. But they are also not responding. So guys please dont buy the any karbonn product. Otherwise your wish. If u will buy these priducts after few months they will bring free of cost...Because they thought about the people are jockers.
this phone is very bad for camera. the camera is 8mp but its clarity of pictures are very bad looking like less than 2mp. the battery backup is very very bad. pls friends dont choose this phone.... the applications are running automatically without opening the apps. THEY ARE GIVING THE CASE COVERWITH THIS PHONE @RS 180. but it s not usefull. pls dont chhosse the combo offr
Friends please do not buy i already suffering, very poor quality i took this mobile 4 months back within one month mobile suddenly gone to dead condition, i gave to karbonn service center already 2 months got over still they giving different reasons...... i am very fed up
Sir, The camara of Karbon Titanium S5 Plus is not upto the mark, 80% of your image is clear and the 20% blur, as if the camare has shaken while shooting, I spoke to your customer support person, advised me to go for factory default setting, made the changes then too I am not satisfied with the quality of camara had in karbon Titanium S5 Plus, hence going for Moto G placed an order today
karbonn titaniums5+ is very good phone and touch is very smooth camera is also good with 8 mega pixel and autofocus . all over very good phone
Bought this phone yesterday from Flipkart This phone is very light weight and very slim. But The big problem is that it get heated up very soon less battery backup camera is good but doesnt look like 8MP. Not upgradeable to 4.4 kitkat its earphone is so weak cheap quality overall good Alternate option go for Intex Aqua i5 HD
Flipkart really screwed up the in-a-day delivery. They couldnt incorporate a change in address. After promising a new date they defaulted on the new date as well. Eventually bought it from amazon and they happily delivered it in a day. Coming to the phone, its a really good piece. Real smooth and fast. quad core processor and 1gb ram do the needful. Camera is good but flash could have been stronger. Secondary camera should have been atleast 2 megapixel esp considering s5 has a 2 megapixel cam. This one has a vga which is not that good. One good thing is the lightness of the phone. The switches are finished in metal and are good to oprate. I have had an experience with karbonn service centers. A dead phone was returned after 50 days. Thats a lot but atleast it came back and phone was satisfactorily restored. So praying that this phone faces no issues.
Best phone in budget . nice to operate user friendly software. very low rate in rich smart phone category.
I buyed this phone and everything is good in it, camera 8mp with flash, 1gb ram , 1.3 Ghz quad core and etc. This is my second android mobile that i have buyed ....and i love this mobile .....if u want to go for the cheapest then i will say that choose it..with ur eyes closed ...
i had ordered this phone 1 week later and i recieved d phone it has great display,v.v.v.poor camera front n back,less hrs battery life,poor pixels,very less memory storage for apps onlt 784mb something 1.01GB for internal sotarge n many more but d look of d phone is good.. instead of this go for canvas 2.2 best phone at this particular range...
My Karbonn S5 purchased from flipkart developed a snag after 11 months and the same is lying with the Karbonn company for more than 2 months now. They have informed me there will be indefinite delay in repairing the handset due to non availability of spare parts. Finally they offered be an A29 which is an inferior phone as a replacement saying that this is the only option available. The job sheet number for the complaint is : KJASPWB002414K2475 Never buy any product from this company. They are a fraudulent lot who are out to fleece customers.
I found out that the onscreen buttons in this phone can be made to disappear simply by turning it off in settings. Rest is good.
Its a been 1 year now since I purchased this product. There is not a single day I repent purchasing this phone. have to reset it to factory default every 20 days. Touch screen is pathetic one needs to lock the phone by pressing the lock button(hard button) and then unlock it otherwise the touch screen freezes and does not responds to you. Technical service of Karbonn is wost. Forget your phone for 50 days once you give it to them and still they wont fix the issue.
Hi Guys, i bought it from flipkart a week back it is smooth, sleek, light weighted, stylish, quite up to the mark 2 cons :- when you play high end games it usually gets heated low battery life above glinch might be due to processor( i am not techy ..thats what i think ) Regards Rajat Lalwani
I have purchased Karbonn Titanium S5 plus on dtd 4/5/2014. I found starting problem in the phone. Also performance is not good. Although karbonn is indian company but all the parts of mobile is made in china. Although service centres are also not good and peoples are not cooperative. To rectify the problem service centres takes almost 1 week and more. Thus overall in my opinion karbonn phones are not good purchase.
I have been using this phone since 15 days. I have observed some of the pros and cons. Pros: 1. Better screen resolution 2. 5" screen with good viewing angles 3. Good customised UI 4. Battery is not heating up heavily when charging or playing games. 5. Provided headset is good for music(but obviously missing Next and Previous buttons) 6. White color looks awesome, especially the back cover is pearl white color. Cons: 1. I have seen little lag when i am navigating to couple of items 2. Touch is not very responsive(i don't know problem is only with my phone). Some times it is not taking my touch when i touched on back button. 3. Unable to move apps to External SD Card(You can able to move installed apps only from Internal memory to Phone memory which is 1.4GB free space available). 4. Double clicking the answer key in headset is not redialing. 5. Camera is very disappointing, not usable at all Conclusion: I recommend this phone for normal users not for heavy users. Good decent phone in this budget.
very bad camera Poor Display... just like a china mobile copy.........i have no world this phone ------Dabba Phone
There is two big drawback for this phone is Poor mic voice detection and poor camera quality. If we speak in low voice other side people could here our voice. And big thing is its service. These people will take 2 to 3 months to fix the issue. never go for karbonn mobiles.Go for other brands where you can get service quickly.
Karboon making peoples fool... Less Service Centers, lack of availability of mobile parts, its definitely creates problems after 5-6 months, its take 2-3 months for repairing.... i suggest go for other mobiles
don't ever try this company u must be cheated i have bought karbaonn a 9 + ,. that was totally worst .but i think this set is only worst but when i bought karbonn titanium s 5 plus . then i must say it is worst company and service u can't imagine for each and every thing they will refuse for service and they will demand for money so never go for karbonn better go for lava or micromax
looks good, slim and simple, but one thing i hate about this is there are too many applications already installed by default, which mostly not recommended, like there are 4 to 5 web-browser application available....
i have purchase this mobile 14th february 2014 and before a month mobile stop working and i have to send it to service center and after again one month mobile again stop working display suddenly not working and when i give to service center they give me wrong excuse that the mobile is physically damage and it will be not going to repair in warranty so my advise is please don't purchase this mobile service is too bad :((((((((((((( and i want to give it in minuse star
bought this for my brother from flipkert, phone came in a days time, packed brilliantly, works like charm had no issues at all no lagging or freezing, build quality is so so but what can one expect in such a low price, looks some what like a cross between sam gal s2 and s3 overall worth the buy.
It is as good as we wished. Excellent speed and attractive features. Worth buying. Karbonn mobiles are generally good and it is better than its predecessor and competitors.
superb phone with stylish look 4 low budget hd video n average camera quality. battery are also good i was order jan & its deliver witnin 1 week from snap deal performance is really good
good product. but along with it, we had ordered a case with a profile photo of a flip cover. it turned out to be a usless pouch like accessory.we were disappointed and the user of the phone is not satisfied.
Hi All, I have recently purchased Karbonn S5 mobile and would like to share that the mobile is simply awesome at this price. The only negative point is with camera quality. Rest all are SUPERB!!
m using first time any android phone.......i am satisfied with the product....... there is 3 things which disappoint me 1. battery back up is very low even in very low brightness 2. internal memory is very low 3. it goes hot from back while using any app. or playing games or watching videos in it........
Very Light.... Gud battery backup plays almost every modern games like asphalt 8 etc. display is superb.........
phone stylish performance awesome gaming display excellent excellent smooth touch fells awesome in palm buy will not regret it
I purchased this phn for my sister.. its too slim she'z loving it.. value for money nd I purchased it in just 9500rs..
The ringtone is not loud enough..not able to hear at times..misses calls. Not very happy..not able to use the Skype for video calling..not a good battery backup.
Amazing, stupendous phone! Worth the purchase. It was a wonderful experience purchasing this online at Flipkart. The delivery by Flipkart was commendable and to my surprise much ahead of time. This phone is a delight! GO FOR IT : )
Please dont buy this phone. Because low battery performance. and slow internet.very much heat producing if play game.
I am using this phone for last 2 months. No Issue till now. Earlier I was using Samsung product. It was first time i bought karbonn phone. Really nice phone in terms of looks, quality, design and features. I am loving it..Front camera should be more effective may be 2 mp but here is only VGA front cam which is not good. Nitin
I have been using this phone for 10 months now. This phone is absolute value for money. Never hangs, no lags. responds immediately. basic apps function good and fast. Camera quality is OK in good light conditions. Responds immediately to gestures (swipe touch etc). much better than Galaxy grand which is not just overpriced but stops functioning properly after few months of usage.
This phone comes with the full core (quad) 1.3 GHz with 1GB (970MB usable) RAM. Everything is great. Bought this and I'm extremely happy! Must buy.
The handset is a good budget smartphone. For its price range, it has almost all the features you would expect. The experience of using the phone is decent with the usual suspects. There is a small lag in the touch screen and the camera can be better. Definitely not in the same league as the Moto G or even the Micromax. However, the decent battery life, coupled with a almost stock Android UI makes this a good phone to buy.
karbonn titanium s5 plus is a very good mobile. m so so happy with it. sreen is food. speed is good as it is quad core processor. in this price i think no body can get a good quality mobile. so 5 stars.
A phone ideally needs to be under 130gms & that is the beauty of this phone. I am very critical about the colors & display quality of a phone. Its color reproduction is excellent of images & videos is excellent.
very good mobile to purchase .and the mobile made with good speed compared to other mobiles in the market and also very good buget phone for everyone
best smartphone i have seen,so nice toin work with great hd ips display and quard core processor making and playing asphalt 8 high graphics game quite smooth and pleasurable.. thanku flipkart for best ur best service. himanshu
Phone is excellent , so far no problems. Had a Karbonn phone prior, never had a problem with the brand. Screen is brilliant for qHD resolution. Slim profile, and surprisingly battery back is good enuf to stand goof for a whole day. so far no complaints.
Loved the product . Has a nice look and feel , good configuration . The only thing is the sound should have been louder and quality of handsfree provided is too bad.
the product which i purchased from filpkart is to good to use it have no problem yet. i use it from last 20 days, but there is no issue or any other complain about it
Using this since almost one month. This is good smartphone which comes under 10k with lots of features. Good points are obvious so I will list out cons for this: -8mp camera is good, but not excellent, as expected in budget phone. -Phone gets heated while doing heavy processing such as playing games or multiple tasks, in 30 minutes only. -Biggest drawback is 1800 mAh baterry which is not enough for this phone and requires almost daily charging. If anything from above list bother you, look for another one.
Hi...I bought this shitty company phone 4 months ago.In the first 2 days the head phone port went off after 3 months i kept losing signal in my phone.on one of the sims...now it keeps losing signals on both the sim cards.... I should had some sense even after reading the reviews here i did'nt pay attention.This is one of the cheap company please don't buy.i bought it for my wife's birthday and i lost my face in front of her...please don't buy KArbooon
It is a very good mobile phone having all the features one needs. It has good speed and all the apps functions very well.
karbon is lot improved in looks and hardware. but still batary life need improvement. it unable to catch network inside four walls. this is not sim card problem, it is phone hardware problem.
I have purchased this phone 2 months back. I always use internet, if not I used to play games often. The battery backup was so amazing. Primary Camera at its day time capture is fantastic. Overall very worth for your money.
Phone is average. Not so good and not bad. Average for the price also. Phone is slim, light weight, white color looks really nice, battery life is Ok, camera is average. There are some problems also the biggest of all is the onscreen Home back buttons. hey don't response well to touch and in some apps if you try to type in landscape mode they come over the keyboard and some keys are hidden, that's really surprising :D Other thing is the UI and crappy apps already installed which you can't uninstall.
this karbon titanium s5 is nice phone but his accessiores is very costly . my phone touch broken 1 time than his touch price is 4800rs it half of the mobile price .
In this budget you cannot get a phone better than this, if you can handle an internal memory of 4GB (1.4 GB usable). A 5 inch phone and yet not that big! A 8/16 GB version of this phone would surely be another hit!
good working phone and look is also very good. i think no issue to purchase it. please purchase it as soon as possible.
excellent mobile good speed and user friendly operation ,5 inch screen but very trendy to handle and the screen resolution is fantastic
Purchased Karbonn Titanium S5+, good for value, better than S5. Seller service is xcelent. 1 item(Screen prot.) was not in t box for that I giver 500 point.THX
Nice Phone with Good Features.Light Weight with awesome looks,Features.Overall a good value for money...
nice ph with awesome facilities...nice touch nice slim look...nice perfomance...............................................................................................................................
This device is very good & the processor is really fast................ Gaming experience is also good. Battery life is OK & touch is very smooth....................
You can't overlook the bad features of this phone i.e. least battery back up, low speaker volume, less internal storage & pathetic after sales service. Due to this 4 shortfalls, best phone in its class with affordability becomes below average. Till now, I have tried to contact after sales services for battery issue through helpline & mails but no reply since one month. So we can imagine if something goes terribly wrong with this phone, god also can't save us from the situation. So bottom line is even if it's a good phone in its range, due to bad service don't buy it pl.....
Pls donut bui zis fone it hez many prublms like it hs no gud cmera and it cannot run gta5.Wth iz rong wid dis fone wut is this carbunn??dunt bui zis bui Aaifone 6G it cun run mny mny thingds
This is excellent value for money phone. I am happy for the performance so far. Hope the same performance will continue.
Its been almost a month since i am using this phone, and its really nice., its very slim, comfortable. its got good looks. The only drawback i can think of , as of now is, the camera clarity, they say its 8 MP, but its more or less like 2 MP. anyways, i dont think people would mind it, as many of us have digital cameras. I must mention the battery, if you use internet, the battery will last for a day, if you use only basic features of the phone the battery will last for 2 days. so, thats not bad. i find touch screen, display, earphones and all pretty good. overall, its a nice phone, its got the looks of samsung grand, or many other highend phones but you can get it for 10K, so, Go for it.
broke my previous phone, so this was eagerly awaited but it took away all excitement when wifi was not working spent 5 hrs studying online forums and trying everything possible finally did a hard reset including erasing phone memory to enable it about delivery ...... flipkart dispatched same day. (anticipation builds !) item reached local hub same day. thereafter bluedart took 3 days to deliver till home !!!! cell is ok. been using a titanium s5. it's better any day. android 4.2.2 isn't too great this one is slimmer. looks pretty cool. good specs under 10000.
value for money.its too light thats the only problem otherwise great phone.back panel also thin plastic and weak and break easily if u dont use properly. rest for this kind of budget the phone is great.i wish internal memory could have been a bit more.
every think is prefect in this model but battery backup is very bad 1800mh is not ok for this model there should be 2100mh minimum please make changes in this phone i will give 4star for phone and 1star for battery
Looks impressive & competitive to other mobiles in the market. To the point-------- Very slim Light weight Responsive touch
