MOBDHKWZX5SMWMPX
First of all I am veryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy much happy with the service of Flipkart.....You people should manufacture your own product!!! About Phone................. I am using this phone for last 15 days...The phone has 1.2 GHz dual core processor coupled with Adreno 203 graphics unit & 1GB RAM which looks good on paper, but not at all good in real scenario . I am very much disappointed when I see my friend is playing Subway Surfers/ Temple Runner flawlessly with his I-ball..Could u imagine ..its I-ball with 512 MB of RAM and my Core is struggling so much with 1 GB of RAM to play the same game flawlessly. Another problem I am facing is gets heated up very quickly even after watching video for a short time (5-10 minutes) Only Camera and display are pretty good....so sorry not recomanded
Phone hangs too frequently, phone reboot required everyday. If you want exceptional phone at this range then go for MotoG(http://www.flipkart.com/moto-g/p/itmdsmbxcrm9wy8r?pid=MOBDSGU2ZMDYENQA&otracker=variants)
If you want to spend around 13000 rupees to buy a mobile that restarts unpredictably then this is the right mobile for you!!! Within 24 hours of buying this mobile, I found that this mobile is having problem, it restarts on its own and it was unpredictable. I went to service centre to get a replacement, as I was told that within 7 days after buying if there is any problem, we will replace the mobile. What I found at the service center was that there few more costumers with galaxy core, who bought the phone in last 2-3 days, they all had the same problem. This means that the problem was not only with my cell phone, it was a large scale error made by samsung. I suspect that this might be the reason why core was not available in my city for some days. So, service centre will not give you replacement on the spot, even if you go there after one hour of buying. It is complete waste of money and time. Note: I gave it 1 rating because, there is no negative rating option available, and I have to compulsorily rate the product to post my feedback.
I have purchased this phone last Wednesday i.e. 31.07.2013. The first day of purchase was gone exploring the various features of the phone. Though I am not a tech geek in the real sense of the term, yet I say that this phone is surely overpriced, given the varieties available today. I should have been ideally priced between Rs. 13,000/= to Rs. 14,000/= given the configuration standards of today, or even a little less. Its display is good, and the screen respond to touches well. Internet surfing is decent. I am not an avid gamer, but most of the games can be played well. Accepts all kinds of messages and can be opened without any glitches. However, one major negative aspect is what I am constrained to point out is that for a mobile of this configuration, one 1800 mAh battery? It should have been ideally at least 2100mAH one. I fail to appreciate why such miserly treatment in case of battery configuration. Most smartphones, on account of a larger screen space consumes more battery within a short time. Hence, it should have been systemically programmed to consume less energy and, moreover, the higher configuration battery should have been ideally inserted, this should have solved many issues with this model. All the prospective purchasers, I would suggest to be careful about battery issues of this mobile. The other aspects might be okay. But battery is woefully weak, since it sucks energy just like parched lands take to water. No amount of battery doctoring have helped. So be careful about this battery issues. Otherwise, it has a decent display, a decent interface, good workability, decent gaming capabilities, editing documents, and miscellaneous office work is truly a breeze. But being left in the lurch, with mobile switched off during peak hours in the evening (since after whole night of charging you have gone out for work at 9 am in the morning and is not slated to return before 9 pm at least, and the mobile has gone off at around 6 pm and you are not amongst those who carries a power bank with you) is surely a turn off factor. It claims to have a battery life of around 9 hours, but for heavy users like me, the first day itself, after charging the battery fully, I got not more than 3 hours. Folks, I must say that the energy consumption is an issue. Lastly, the looks department disappoints. My early mobile was E-63, so being used to using a mobile phone with such a solid build quality, this type of looks surely sucks, poor bland cheap plastic, with a little glossy look. One aspect, Samsung should consider giving the flip cover for free for all models above Rs. 14,000/= and shall make available flip covers for all smartphone models costing less, with such flip cover be sold at a nominal price. Such flip covers are essential for protecting the phone, since the surface of display requires it to be protected with care (much more care is needed than you take for your beautiful, rather sizzlingly beautiful wife), since none of these models comes with Gorilla Glass, and, hence, scratches (notwithstanding scratch guard) will be imminent, sans a screen guard and a flip cover. So folks since the same is not being supplied gratis, make sure you buy, even if the same is of a cheaper variety, it is required to keep the display life of the phone intact. 1GB RAM is decent for a phone of this configuration. In my opinion, those who look for frills (though I did not exactly looked for it, for my choice of Lumia 720, but I made the mistake of going for the slight price difference and opted for this model, I personally did not like Lumia 62, and, hence this choice), in addition to utility, this is the right phone, notwithstanding the woeful battery deficiency, but those who looks for quality - build quality, superior sound, and stable performance even after years of usage (even though users today buy mobile phones at the drop of a hat), these series of phones should not be considered. But those who are frequent buyers, try this one, this will at least not disappoint you and shall keep you sucked with the novelty elements at least till six months after purchase, unless you are exasperated with the woeful battery. Please don't try to play online games and never games with 3D interface, since this will slow down the phone and the battery will be discharged within no time, may be within an hour. So folks be careful. Also the display glass is not of superior built, so please take care of it. I am writing this review with limited knowledge of technology, on the contrary, this review should be considered as more of an user's reaction to such device. I have merely expressed my opinion based on what I have faced using this mobile.
I bought this phone in november 2013. After using a a blackberry, nokia, LG and iphone 3(last used). I thought that i shud give samsung a try, wanting to not over splurge i decided to go for this model based on the budget and the many reviews i had read. On the very first day of use i kind of figured out what i was in for..and after 5 months of use all my fears are true.. 1. Its damn slow..now that i have over 500 pics..everytime i open the gallery its gets hung up..i have to close the application to get it to work again. 2. the phone sometime switches off without warning of low battery(shocking), and then when you start it up..it says battery drained. 3. gets heated up while charging. 4. camera is ok but takes a long time to process a pic. 5. gps is so slow that u mite cross a place n then it will show u the location. 6. memory space is too low..a few apps and videos n songs n u r done..no othr option but to get an additional sd card..but hw does that help anyways..cuz it again slows done the device many folds..pheww.. 7. even receivng the call is delayed sometimes. All in all..i am so gonna sell this off very soon..its too lazy a device. I am not saying that it is terrible for the price you pay..but only buy if you are ready to put up wit a slow and retarded device. - Disappointed Samsung Customer
It is a very good phone, almost all expert reviews says it. I dont understand why people compare it to other while writing reviews. Focus on the phone's performance. 1. 1.2 GHz Dual core gives good performance to work, but large Games will lag. 2. 1GB RAM is a good deal when it comes to gaming and running applications. 3. Screen Size is good, lower than Grand, but high than S Duos. 4. Resolution is good, but not for Games. 5. 5MP cam is also good, people who say its very low, excuse please, if you want to take professional quality photos, have a CAM. Still Photo quality is very nice. 6. Interface is good. 7. Android Jelly Bean 4.1 is amazing. 8. Have accelerometer and Compass. 9. Phone turns off screen when user is not viewing it, thus saves battery. 10. 1800 mah battery is better than nokia lumia's 1300 mah even. 11. Front cam also there. I have found the phone good. But if you want more, spend some more bucks and buy and samsung galaxy S4, and compare that with all other phones. Price is a issue, it shud have been placed around 8000, in 13000 or more, samsung shud give Super Amolded display, Quad core, and Adreno 305.
I have been using this phone for about 2 weeks now. This phone is too good for the price. Call Quality: After all you buy a phone for this main point and yes this phone does not disappoint. Reception is good and calls are very clear and even the other person can hear us clearly. Display: Very vivid. Good viewing angles too. 35% brightness is more than enough for indoors. Colors are very natural. But outdoor viewing is bad, I would not say worst but bad. You need to increase the brightness manually to full as there is no sensor in this phone. Battery: It lasts for one full day with normal to moderate usage which includes, 1.5hr of call, 45 min of gaming, 80% in wifi and remaining in 3G (basically 24hours connected to internet), email, messaging. Well if you cut the gaming part it will lasts for 2 days. The device idle time is too good. When left overnight only 4% is reduced in the morning when you wake up. This usage again is with Single SIM. I did use dual SIM but only for 3 days or so. Even in that case it would easily with stand one full day. Performance: Butter smooth but with NOVA LAUNCHER and not with TouchWiz as it lags. People who complaint about the lag on this phone is mainly due to Touchwiz. Please install Nova Launcher on this phone the moment you buy it. Battery life gave an increase once I changed the launcher. Games: Temple Run, Candy Crush games run smooth but games like Sub way surfer lags but not that much that you cant play. One good thing is that phone does not get heated up extremely when games played for 30 min. it gets warm. Camera: Good in day light and bad in night and indoors. Flash is good. Cannot record videos at 720p. Sound & Speaker: Well this one is a definite negative. Speaker is not that loud and even the audio output via the 3.5mm jack is not good. @Rameshkumar Gopalakrishnan: This is one among the few phones which has Dual SIM Active mode. This does support 2 SIM at the same time. Ex: If you are on call with SIM1 and then someone tries to call you in SIM2, the call is forwarded to SIM1. Trust me I have tried this and it works perfectly. Only point is that the person would be hearing that the "Call is getting forwarded. Please wait". You need to enable that in the SIM Card manager settings. @aanal shah: This phone has Wifi hot spot and I have connected my laptop with the phone's 3G connection and it works without any issues.
Hi iam writing this my first review with my own experience to help buyers out there to make their choice.in this review iam not going to compare it with any other phone but only highlight what you can expect from this mobile.i bought from a local store about 3 months ago for 13000.As the title suggests review will be detailed and complete,so don't skip on parts. DESIGN AND BUILD QUALITY : nothing new here same design as all the galaxy out there.i really think sammy boys should improve on this(special mention sony).my phone was mistaken for samsung galaxy s duos at first glance.even though its all plastic build quality is good ,i accidentally dropped my phone facing screen gladly nothing happened.so i may assure you that it can handle some of that accidental drops but from a fair distance. DISPLAY : now comes the most important part of review the display.i have seen lot of samsung phones whether low end or high end their display is truly class leading. This has a tft lcd display and a pixel density 217ppi.the display looks great indoors with equally good contrast and brightness levels. viewing angles that we can expect from this phone is good (cannot be compared with amoled however). now the samsung has skipped on auto brightness sensor so you will have to manually adjust the brightness which becomes problematic outdoors, gladly the brightness control in notification panel comes to rescue HARDWARE AND PERFORMANCE: Now comes another important aspect.It comes with android jellybean.4.1.2(may get a kitkat upgrade).It has snapdragon s4 play 1.2ghz dual core arm cortex a5 processor with adreno 203 graphics(about 1.5-2 times powerful than adreno 200) 1gb of ram,8gb(4.75 gb for apps installation) of internal storage now looking at specs one thing that many even i thought of letdown surely will be the "cortex a5",yes its an old architecturebut the performance is not that bad at all.in general usage phone performs fairly smoothly.People who are into gaming can also expect acceptable frame rates even in some of high end games like asphalt 7,nfs,nova etc with medium graphics (please see geekyranjit youtube review) games like subway surfers,temple run oz runs with minor lags.do note that power saving mode is disabled before gaming.yes phone get little bit warm(not extreme) if you game continuously for more than 30-40 minutes.overall its a nice performer for the price.. CAMERA: It has a 5mp autofocus camera with a decently bright led flash.camera performance is decent,i have seen much better 5mp shooter from mobile phones(special mention nokia n82).i will suggest you to read gsmarena review for some details about camera performance.video recording maxes out at d1(720 x 480),thats what the chipset is capable of.the details are average,sound recorded is mono and lacks autofocus and video zoom too AUDIO AND MULTIMEDIA: The audio quality as expected from a smartphone is good.The only con here is the loudspeaker,though the quality of sound is good the volume levels are average and in outdoors are barely hearable .The music through headphones are good too. Now coming to video playback it maxes out at 480p,though some low bitrate (less than 2mbps) 720p videos like movies are playable in sw decoder mode in mx player. NETWORK AND CONNECTIVITY : I must have to say that signal reception with both sim on is above average(my nokia can do better than this),though i have not felt any major signal drops.The voice quality is very good (even without noice cancellation).even in noisy environments you can hear what people at other end are saying. it offers good speeds in 2g and 3g also.also do not that it has 3g 7.2mbps downlink speed.its good for browsing however if you want to do heavy downloading you will have to spend some time(special mention:some phones are capable of 21mbps downlink in its price range). another thing worth mentioning is that during wifi tethering the phone becomes insanely hot ( at its peak over 50c) after 20-30mins,however i have seen worse in many androids. BATTERY LIFE: Its the most argued part when it comes to smartphones.This phone has a descent 1800mah battery.Now the two power hungry tasks are gaming(graphically intensive) and internet(heavy downloading).now if you do any one of the above tasks continuously then battery will come from 100 to 10% in 3-3.5 hrs surely.During idle standby with both sim on it consumes only 1% in 1 hour,that means you can expect around one whole day with medium to heavy usage (worth mention:some lenevo phones in this price range). Also do note that phone will become hot if heavily used during charging. VERDICT: Now what i have done is only show you what this phone is capable of what's my experience with it.Iam not saying oh this is the best phone out there go buy it,you have many options out there in the price range thanks to the increasing competitions even by indian companies.buy a phone that suits your demand and expectations. Thanks for reading
I haave seen a lot of reviews world wide for this phone on youtube .mostly were positive even by experts . most of the people who criticize are probably comparing it with micromax , xolo , karbonn specifications . obviously these companies will have to sell cheap as they cannot demand a higher price.moreover they are re branded Chinese phones . there were reports in the US that china is using these phones to put millions of Indians secretly under surveillance. there was a similar scene of comparison when galaxy grand was introduced . as well all know the grand is still selling like hot cakes. no one here talks about brand value , pride of ownership and after sales service .i owned a karbonn for a while . though it was a good phone i was still hesitant to show it to people. indian cos are improving but the fact remains they are copycats and still have a long way to go to match word class standards .some specifications are neglected like touchwiz for e.g . those who use it swear by it. not all qualities are measurable . a cortex processor ( in most indian phones ) is no match for samsung or qualcomm processors . all people do is compare displays ,ram, battery size , processor hz , no of cores etc. they are even probably paid by all these indian cos to write negatively here . i feel for the price it is a decent quality phone . others are entitled to their opinions . Got this for my dad. For the price its a steal with decent performance. Got a really good deal and was delivered in less than 48 hrs by flipkart . Amzing
This Phone Can Not Even Play 720p Videos With MX PLayer. What Can I Say, I Bought A Shit Made Of Plastic.
Very poor battery backup... Hangs generally.. Not satisfied with the performance of the phone..
Hi, This is a very basic phone fulfilling basic desires such as branded Samsung mobile owner, 3G, Dual Sim, 4.3 Screen, Camera Flash & Front Facing Camera. But for rest of purposes like watching a HD & Full HD video, using Sygic Navigation, Good Games, then this device is not capable of playing it. Note: Navigation(GPS) is fine & Acurate, only heavy graphics navigation display is giving problem because its GPU is very weak. Heavy Graphics Games are not everybody's taste but if you want to play then this is not the device you are looking for. Back Camera is average but the thing which makes the camera clarity more worse, is the TFT display. TFT display always ruin the clarity & details of Video/Picture that is why I hate all SONY phones. Even 40000 Sony mobile has TFT display. sucks. Whatever if your display is HD or Full HD or trilumios display, TFT will be worst display. My Samsung Galaxy S(I9000) displays better images/video than Sony 24000 crap. I purchased this phone for my MOM who will never use Navigation, will never play games, will never watch HD movies, will never take good pictures. So this phone completed my requirements. Although now days you have a very good option of Moto G. Go for it. A survey conducted by Hindustan Times, 95% of smartphone users will never use 95% of its capabilities. People have the most expensive phone IPHONE 5S, & will never use navigation but always ask destination by lowering down their CAR WINDOW, will never use banking on phone but will always go to bank for transfer money , will never use Dropbox & rely on DVDs, will never use online recharge & always wait for shopkeepers to recharge the phone, will never use password management apps but always struggles to remember passwords, will never use calender & birthday/anniversary reminders but always forgot MOM/DAD/borther/sister birthday , will never book movie tickets online but always stay in queue to get tickets. So stay proud & buy this phone because most users fall in 95% user category. :-).
Mobile is not working on the first day itself. Need replacement please respond to this review ASAP. Thanks in advance.
09 July 13 certified buyer Shocked by low reviews It is a very good phone, almost all expert reviews says it. I dont understand why people compare it to other while writing reviews. Focus on the phone's performance. 1. 1.2 GHz Dual core gives good performance, even in high quality games. 2. 1GB RAM is a good deal when it comes to gaming and running applications. 3. Screen Size is good, lower than Grand, but high than S Duos. 4. Good GPU and screen resolution. Even plays Temple Run 2 without lag. 5. 5MP cam is also good, people who say its very low, excuse please, if you want to take professional quality photos, have a CAM. Still Photo quality is very nice. 6. Interface is good. 7. Android Jelly Bean 4.1 is amazing. 8. Have accelerometer and Compass. 9. Phone turns off screen when user is not viewing it, thus saves battery. 10. 1800 mah battery is better than nokia lumia's 1300 mah even. 11. Front cam also there. I have found the phone good. But if you want more, spend some more bucks and buy and samsung galaxy S4, and compare that with all other phones. Price is a issue, it shud have been placed around 13000, in 15000 or more, samsung shud give Super Amolded display.
For those noobs saying that Galaxy S Advance, Ace 3, and Core are the same, you guys don't know technology. The main difference is the android version core runs on jelly bean and s advance is ginger bread. Android jelly bean is better than ginger bread in every possible way, UI, memory management, etc. Pros: -Core is the only device in its price range (i.e. Less than 15k INR) that has 4.3 inch screen. Screen dimensions matter quite a lot. -Smart phones should have enough battery for 18 hours so that user can charge her gadget in the morning for the whole day at work. It's battery is enough for that. -5mp camera is not enough but again this phone costs 13k not 30k. Not as much a Con: -The memory claimed is 8 gb though user gets only around 4.5gb for her use. Samsung made up for this by providing an expandable slot. -Device should come in black colour for the flawless black look at the front. I love that. **And when your device freezes always remember, its the app that froze it not the manufacturers fault. I hope this helps you buy the best phone in your budget.
PHONE SPECS 4.3" display 1.2 ghz processor 1 gb ram 8 gb internal memory (expandable upto 32gb) 5 mp camera with AF and LED Flash. 1800 mah battery Pros nice and sharp display with good viewing angles and good sunlight legibility very good 5mp cam with flash sufficient 1 gb ram for multitasking nice and clear call quality (earpiece) zippy 1.2 ghz processor ( no lags) never heats up. cheap price tag only 12500. (flipkart is lil expensive) Cons battery is 1800 mah but for me it survives only a day with moderate use (40 min calls, 3-4 hrs whatsapp, 30 min facebook and 20 mins messaging) no light sensor cheap build quality plastic material feeble loudspeaker (average volume) I am using this phone since 40 days. everything is perfect except the cons mentioned above. if u want a budget android phone. don't buy cheap micromax for 10-11 k. spend some more and get this awesome phone. samsung always offers best phones. any queries ask me here.
Before 15 days i bought samsung galaxy core..but its response is not coming much better as its brand name.This phone is hanging and heating very much...So please do not prefer this...I am giving 1/2 rating for this..
before buying this, i was skeptical because of the confusing reviews, half the people said it was a great phone and the other half said it sucked. My major concern was battery life as a lot of people complained that battery was below avg. But after using it for over a month i can say that i am fully satisfied and i have no complains at all. 1. The display is bright , fluid and crisp, the ppi may seem low but it doesn't affect at all. you cant see a pixel. the front vga camera is also good, i couldn't believe it was only 1.3 mp 2. Using net on this phone is a perfect delight. i have had no glitches at all. 3. THE CAMERA IS ITS BEST FEATURE. i wasnt expecting it to be this good, the phone beats sony and iphone pics in its ability to focus on objects. and by adjusting white balance i was able to take some great indorr shots as well. the cam can focus at a distance of one inch from the object which is spectacular. my nikon digicam cant, i was shocked. 4. ABOUT THE BATTERY. it is average, but it is not as bad as people have been telling you everywhere. i m getting a backup of more than one day everyday and i wouldn't describe my use as below avg. the only problem is, the phone loses battery even on stand-by. usually cell phones loose negligible battery on stand-by, but thats not the case with core. even so, as long as it lasts for over 24 hrs, i hv no complains. 5. the videos play pretty smoothly, even though the device cannot play avi and divx files, your computer can convert the video files in the appropriate format and with the help of vlc, i have been able to play virtually every file. 6. games play without any glitches at all. yes it does heat up a bit during gaming and also if you use the phone during charging, but its bearable. also, if you use a cover then heating wont be an issue at all. 7. there is a minor lag at times while using the phone, but its acceptable, it wont bother you. phone doesn't lag at all while playing games. touch is very responsive. the memory and ram are sufficient for a smooth hassle free use. 8. finally, the phone is light weight and sleek, looks good in blue, but of course all that gets screwed up if you use a cover. 9. i wish it had louder speakers.
well from the price perspective and mid range users this is just the most perfect phone one cal ever have. this phone does not lag at all on normal usage. with heavy usage there is a slight lag especially while playing games like subway surfers. the other games seems to be running just fine. battery backup is again good as it lasts from one full day and more with normal usage the camera is amazing and captures crisp images the hardware specs and the ram what it has is impossible to get at this price and at this time. the video call using gtalk is smooth and without any issue. network connectivity and call quality is great this phone supports dual MICRO sim only also the headphone quality is cheap (not inside the ear) I have been using this phone for last 2 days and would recommend to people not with too high budget as this phone has all features that is needed so as other high end phones do.
just one thing i wanna say ITS A REBOOT OF GALAXY S DUOS look @ the specs and you'll understand , only minor improvements made to s duos................................................................................................................................
Samsung has stopped selling Hardware and it is now selling Software .... Did you all see the S4 release, Samsung presented all the cool features of the phone, It is so feature rich and at the end of the presentation they showed a slide with the phones processor and stuff .... At the end of the day Software uses the Hardware and we use the software and the way Samsung adopted android and with their touch wiz UI is simply amazing Reasons why you should buy Samsung over Micromax... 1. Samsung has more reliable parts 2. Better service than Micromax 3. The hardware is more battery efficient so longer battery life (I had a doodle and it lasted half a day so returned it for the Core) 4. Touch wiz UI is pretty Cool with useful features for eg : (1) Smart Stay, It works despite me wearing glasses so the screen stays on as long as i look at it eg : (2) Calling and Texting , you swipe on the contact from left to rite to call and rite to left to text and in text you can actually select what you want to use whether its a normal text message or watsapp or viber or any other messaging service installed on your device eg (3) Samsung gives features on top of android which you can actually use, MMX canvas 4 and Doodle 2 for example has blow to unlock.... Seriously who will blow on their phone in a public place and how can it be more convenient than pressing an unlock button... You guys decide ... eg (4) Camera has cool features like filters and continuous shot yes, it takes upto 8 continuous shots, Pretty cool The above listed features are all available in Galaxy core... Coming to the phone ...Things I like 1. It feels pretty solid on the hand its plastic but its great 2. Camera is pretty decent for the price 3. Screen pixel density is enough so that you dont see any pixels at normal viewing distance and the screen is vibrant and blacks are really deep and high in contrast 4. Battery life is pretty good, I had GPS and 3G always on and it gave me one full day which is pretty decent considering i used the phone a lot. With GPS and 3G on it used 7 percent of battery while left to sleep overnight. 5. I dont play games, but when i read people complaining that even subway surfer lags i wanted to try it and guess what it never lagged it was fluid and lag free for the half hour or so i played and its not like i never had any applications running on the background, I never killed any task and it ran subway surfers pretty good 6.I had a Samsung Galaxy chat and it came with ICS 4.0 and now Samsung has updated it to Jelly bean 4.1.2,.... so this mobile will surely get up to JB 4.3 in 5 to 6 months. 7. Screen size is perfect not too big and not too small... 8. Swipe key pad is excellent (Unless you use it you will never know how good it is) 9. No onscreen buttons like the Sony experia M, its a pain to tap once to activate the onscreen button and then press again and it does not take the screen space with a black bar Some Cons 1. No NFC 2. Phone will start to slow down a bit after few months (With Jelly Bean 4.3 it will never slow down over time as it has a system to clean up all the links and garbage that builds up over use so looking forward for the update from Samsung and it will happen though at a later stage) Overall a great value for money mobile... Just go for it ....
I am using it phone from the past 5 days. And I am very much satisfied with it. According to me this is the best phone that is available in the market at this price. Here are some pros and cons - Pros - 1.2 Ghz Dual Core(Fast Processing) 1 GB RAM(Fast Speed, Doesn't Hang) Display is Awesome. Colors are very good. Dual Sim Perfect Size(Handy) I don't like 5'' display. Good Build Quality Jelly Bean 4.1.2 Very Reasonable Price - I purchased it for 12200/- Cons - External Sound is average not too good. Video Recording is 720/480 (Not HD) No Vacume Earphones. (But I like simple earphones) Overall it is a very good phone and must buy at this price range.
Hello Everyone. I have purchased a new Samsung galaxy core based on its configuration and few good reviews. I would like to say that it was the biggest mistake that i made. Honestly speaking this phone sucks. Please do consider this as a personal advice "Do not buy this phone" The price might look alright for the configuration but the phone lags alot and hangs like crazy. I have compared my phone with few of my relatives and friends who has micromax canvas an i ball and a cheaper version of samsung phones itself and realized that they perform way better than this phone. I picked this phone thinking that if the internal memory is high the phone wont lag which is bullshit. My friend who has a micromax canvas has only 2gb of internal memory on his phone and has much more apps on his phone than i do and it works faster. When i speak about lagging i mean that there is a delay when opening applications and games, contacts etc. I thought that i was just the unfortunate one but when i checked a display piece at croma koramangla, bangalore it did exactly the same after which i realised that this phone itself was shit. I am sorry to all the phone critics for this phone that i did not listen to you'll and went ahead and got this phone. If any one is interested in buying this phone i have a week old phone and am willing to sell this for 1000 bucks lesser than what it is being sold at here. Mean while if any one has a fix to this issue i would appreciate if you could let us know it would make life easy for all the unfortunate buyers like me.
I have purchased Samsung Galaxy Core I8262 (Metallic) Rs. 12800.i am visit another shop than i saw same model,configuration price 12000.you have too much difference in price.I am not happy for your service.
well here is your solution..after reading this u can answer your mental deliberations about these phones..!!coz m using both now..!! it all depends on your usage n what u like?u cant have all the features on one phone..both have different distinguished features..! 1.in sony u can play heavy games but u dont have space to install anything on it(1.6gb).e.g nfs,real racing,fifa 14.(m not talking about rooting your phones here) 2.in samsung u cant play very heavy games but light or medium games like subway,temple run etc.more heavier the game is the faster it gets heated..! 3.camera samsung(awsome) >sony. 4.video recording sony(awsome)>samsung(okok).. 5.video player:sony(good)>samsung(not more than 600*800) 6.screen size: samsung 4.3(perfect)>sony(have to compromise,very small (3.8) 7.performance wise both are almost equal.. 8.display also almost equal.. 9.looks:samsung-old conventional style n sony is like my A.C remote but overally i would suggest u samsung..coz i play heavy games in my lappy and pc not in phone.in phone i just play some games to pass some time to situations.need not be very heavy.atleast i can install some apps for general use happily.
Xperia M is better 245 ppi pixel density NFC Video - 720p@30fps Qualcomm Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Plus Dual-core 1 GHz Krait Adreno 305 Rs. 12990 Samsung Galaxy Core 217 ppi pixel density NO NFC Video - 480p@30fps Snapdragon 5 S4 Dual-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A5 ( OLD ) Adreno 203
The phone lags. Only its touch is good. Cannot play any game on this phone. Believe it or not I have faced lag playing game like temple run and subway surfers also. Was a total waste of money. Only if moto e would have launched 1 week early I would have purchased it. Paid 11800 for 1 gb ram with dual core processor and no android kitkat update. Please people dont buy this phone unless you really love samsung. Samsung only has one gr8 phone till date and that is samsung note 2 and 3. The charging cable is so small that I cannot connect it to my charging point in the room. I need to place a chair under the phone to charge it. I still wonder why I purchased it..........
Bought this for my father as his birthday present on new year eve (it's 31st December). it's been in use for almost 3 weeks now and the first impressions are as follows: 1. Design; its high time, samsung should relook into its design policy. A fresh design is long awaited. The phone looks same as Galaxy S1 launched more than 3 years ago. 2. Hardware: Just bare minimum, if you wish to use add-on softwares like Truecaller, Swype Keyboard, and Live wallpapers etc. 3. Screen: certainly not the best at this price, but okay, samsung shall upgrade it to qHD especially the new 4.7 inch version. will update as will use more----
Purchased the Galaxy Core I8262 mobile through Flipkart. But from the day one it was getting restarted automatically while using dual sim. I was suspecting sim which was cut into micro sim card. So bought new sim card from customer centre & still the same issue is continuing. So I'm not sure what to do now, as I'm in complete dilemma & heart break.
Dear All Core user's, My Android journey started in 2010 with all the devices listed below: Foreign Brands: Galaxy Ace, Ace Duos, S Advance, Xperia SL, LG optimus G(Current Device) Desi(Indian Brands): MMX Ninja A56, Lenovo A60,Karbonn A15, Lava Iris 501,MMX Canvas2, Xolo Q800 and Galaxy Core(Current device - Backup Phone). My Review given below is purely personal based on my usage of this phone and not resembling to any phones living or dead!!!!(LOL) Since I'm an advanced user of Android(Rooting, flashing, modding, tweaking), My personal opinion about this phone is given below: Normal(Daily Usage)/Basic User's: VFM(Value For Money) Advance User's(Tweakers): WOM(Waste Of Money) Good for Internet(Basic use like Facebook, whatts app) and for daily calls and msgs... Not recommended for heavy usage like watching movies or heavy downloading even in 3G. 13240 for dual core??? Always no no... look out for better alternatives like Sony for Android and Nokia for Windows. For saving battery: User Batteryguru app from playstore released by qualcomm specifically for their chipsets... It saves battery considerably.... For Rooted users: Use Greenify.... Display: IPS panels are very bright, when used in combination with qualcomm processor's eats more battery... Amoled displays are sharp and saturated but will strain ur eyes... so, LCD is optimum for daily frequent viewing usage and for this price too.... I'm not reviewing about other things, since all are already discussed, reviewed and rated here.... My personal final verdict: Go for this only if you are a hardcore samsung fan and will buy anything which samsung releases..... Finally, only God can release a perfect android phone for every user for every needs.... Untill then let's keep praying....:)
It is awesome phone with great feel factor.Computing is soft and smart. Phone screen size is lavish. The operatibility is very comfortable. U can know all the things withing 2 days only. This is the website who provide the cheapest rate over the globe. Akruti.
Just bought this phone from a near by store @13250 Pros :- - Natural colors - best 5 Mega pixel camera so far , good snaps even in lowlight - Large size - Just Ideal for web browsing - 1 GB RAM - till now no lagging problem faced while playing temple run - 8 GB internal memory - Inexpensive - ( though price increased for the sept manufactured products - you can get at a price of even 12500 for the earlier ) . As you will find that most of the manufacturers have increased the price for the latest mobiles , will suggest you to buy quickly if you are planning near Cons:- - Heating problem - Video in HD (but I can play the 720p videos using android app)
Hi All, Those who are giving so less ranks and bad review comment... let them go and buy mobile from other companies for less price and suffer for life time... I am using mobile phones since 2002. I have used mobile phones from all companies like Samsung, Nokia, Motorola, LG and currently again came back to Samsung and using Samsung Grand Duos. If someone is seriously interested in stability and performance for long term perspective then I would definitely recommend Samsung, And at this price core is really worth. Still if someone wants to go for other phones they are always welcome to go for them. Because at the end it is you who will decide your own fate and no one else.
This is the best mobile compared to micromax karbonn xolo celkon lava etc...those phones will not have good service and mostly are use and throw stuff...samsung is the top brand in the world and samsung core has good specifications and being 4.3inch its the best fitted phone in ones pocket and easy to handlle than 5inch ones...can easily go for it and its the newly launch product hence just flaunt it! I already have one. Got it at 13600 from a deal,Cheers!
I bought this phone from a samsung showroom. Reasonable price with excellent features. I have been using this phone for last three days and i have found it having most of the functions of Galaxy Grand.It has a better size and is more comfortable to operate than Galaxy Grand. It is better to buy this than newcomers of Micromax,Lava or karbonn in this or "lesser" range. 1GB RAM is good enough for browsing and downloading. GUYS GO FOR IT BLINDLY.................. NO REGRETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I Had purchased Samsung Galaxy S 1.5 years back. Till 2 months it worked fine. But it had a problem, When I contacted Samsung Sservice centre they told that the mother borad needs to be replaced, and it costs Rs6000 with out Warranty. So with Rs.19000 I purchased a mobile which works for 1.5 years. Samsung Galaxy phones with Poor quality...
When samsung announced this phone, looking at its mediocre specs I thought this is just another ordinary phone from samsung. Specs are not most important, but the real world performance is what matters most. This phone is a surprisingly good at it. I must say for once I am impressed. Only the price should be near 13.5k. Then it would be a great mid range phone.
First of all really shocked by the lower ratings on such a nice phone, One word i say to non users, plz use the phone properly and comment. here is the detailed review. 1. the 4.3 in screen is awesome, sharp and really an inteligent display by samsung 2. 5mp camera, is awesome takes beautiful pictures wen compared to any nokia's 3. The processor is pretty fast and fluid and no lag at all 4. android jelly bean is awesome and like the new style and apps by samsung 5. battery back-up is really nice in the phone 6. 1gb ram is maximum for all the apps to run smoothly and it works really well 7. completely satisfied with the phone 8. Has an S4 mini kinda look with all the premium looks.. FINAL VERDICT, U can just go and buy the phone. don't be FOOLED by the FALSE COMMENTS HERE. Even dual sim works pretty well in the phone.
hey its a true review.. look wise its good but funtionality wise its not better mobile.. i have used it for one month , after 20 days i faced heating problem when played games for longer time (30mins or 45 mins plus) and while gaming its battery lasts very fast Its getting struct after usage of 20 days.. first time i thought it may hang for 1min but it keep on hanging regularly trice a day.. its getting restart or forcibly we have to restart it to get it work again.. but its with the peice which we get.. not all core phones are like this but 60-70% are getting this problem... better go for some other mobile.. but if u think u have luck and think u will get good piece of core mobile then go fot it and check ur luck
I bought this phone 3 months ago, and now I am looking to sell it. Reasons for selling: 1. Crappy battery life - needs charging twice a day. 2. Lags a lot, even normal things are not fluid. 3. Even while making calls, it is slow and takes a solid 4-5 seconds to open even the dialer. 4. HD videos are not played smoothly, even 720p lags and things go out of sync. Dont even talk about full hd. Records too in 480p. 5. Screen almost blacks out in sunlight, even at full brightness you have to concentrate hard to read clearly. Reasons to buy this phone: 1. Screen is good, colors are accurate, but sunlight visibility is not good at all. 2. Dual sim, dual active.
thins phone having 1 gb ram but speed is to slow and hang is a major issue does't expect from samsung. i m very disipointed after buy this phone. micromax's 512 mb ram gives good speed as compare to this phone,
I have used this ph more than 4months but a very bad experience with galaxy core GT.big cons is processing speed its very very slow n bad battery backup.if u want to buy galaxy core then galaxy core2 a better option, however core2(768mb) ram is less than core(1gb) but nice speed with android kitkat
Guys, DONOT buy this phone. This company is taking the price of its name, rather than the product. I had bought this phone 10 months ago, and I haven't been able to use it nicely. It keeps hanging and crashing. It also does not have an ambient sensor, which means that you have to manually set the brightness every time. I recommend not to buy this phone, for this budget you can get a very good phone like Asus Zenfone 5, Moto E or Moto G 2nd Gen. The after sales-service is pathetic, my phone battery became so bad that it gave me only 1 hour on full charge, so I went to the service centre, and they jus don't respond!!! They kept my phone for a week and didn't even call back, I had to call them and ask and they said it will take another week. Though it was in warranty, replacing battery doesn't take 2 weeks. And even after two weeks they say that the problem is with My SIM Card. I strongly say NO to this phone
I am using this product nd not at all satisfied with its performance. It hangs frequently while opening applications. It even lags when playing 720p video file,battery backup is low.Even to open contact list or dialing screen or phone logs it take time. From my experience i can say that this products is scrap same as all Samsung phones.you will find better phone than this one at same price or even less.
the speed of net is really good. and speed of processor is also nice. but the battery performance is very poor. Normally when I didn't use the phone battery goes down surprisingly. If you have a power backup then it is good phone other wise not You can go for micromax 114 instead of this. which is much better in all field
Got the phome in less than 24 hours and that through standard delivery... Product is good to use for normal purpose... yea iff you are a game/cam geek then please buy high end phones but for normal day to day use its best.. 3 stars for product and 5 for flipkart.
We have been using this phone for the past 3-4 months now. Overall its a great phone and good value for money. It has great potential. Too bad the Samsung will not be updating this model with newer software. - Moving Apps to SD is disabled on this model. Hence all apps need to be run from inbuilt memory. - The battery lasts most of the day and has smart management. - Uses micro-sim - Screen is fairly bright and good viewing angles. - Camera quality is also good. Natural colors as can be expected from a phone camera in this budget.
if u want same specification and same features you will pay higher price in other mobile companies....so better price with better specification.....
FIrst of all hats off to Flipkart for deliverying the product within 48 hours from Delhi ( Memory Card) and Mumbai (Samsung I8262) to Chennai. Now about the product, I had big confusion to buy this or Moto G, Finally I bought Moto G and then Cancelled. Reason Samsung i8262 is not very latest featured phone but it is good phone for average user like. For games it lags but fine for this amount. Sound quality is OK but not as compare to Sony effects. Screen resolution is good but not HD Panel is made of worst quality so you cannot keep changing sims (anyways micro sim). Overall It is Average Phone with decent features, MOTO G is good in all areas but you should have guts because after sales is not good for MOto G. Only for that reason i bought samsung.
Its sleek mobile with: 1. good screen resolution. 2. appropriate RAM 3. Nice battery back up. 4. Warranty by samsung. Good to buy mobile under 12000.
It is a very good phone, almost all expert reviews says it. I don’t understand why people compare it to other while writing reviews. Focus on the phone's performance.  1.2 GHz Dual core gives good performance, even in high quality games.  1GB RAM is a good deal when it comes to gaming and running applications.  Screen Size is good, lower than Grand, but high than S Duos.  Good GPU and screen resolution. Even plays Temple Run 2 without lag.  5MP cam is also good, people who say it’s very low, excuse please, if you want to take professional quality photos, have a CAM. Still Photo quality is very nice.  Interface is good.  Android Jelly Bean 4.1 is amazing.  Phone turns off screen when user is not viewing it, thus saves battery.  1800 mah battery is better than nokia lamia’s 1300 mah even.  Front cam also there. I have found the phone good. But if you want more, spend some more bucks and buy and Samsung galaxy S5, and compare that with all other phones.
It's really good phone as alternate to have better performance, options, light weight, better resolution and less price.
i am using this phone for last 6 months an amazing phone, no need to explain abt all features separately, nice phone all features amazing, good camera, storage 8gb is positive, very slim phone. just go for it closing your eyes.
Buy this mobile without any doubt for this price tag: 1> Camera : If you need decent Cam with Flash (5 Megapixel is good enough for a general photo capture thru smart phone) if u are a professional photographer and have higher expectations better buy a separate cam or increase ur budget up to 15k or settle for other relatively new brands like Micromax, Lava or Carbon. but I still feel safe to go for Samsung. 2> duel Core processor ... great performance..haven't experienced any demerits w.r.t. operating any apps/downloads/surfing/games..its butter smooth 3> 8 GB internal Memory = This, I believe is the biggest plus of this phone... in this price range. the advantage is simple ... with some phones offering 4 GB internal memory most of it is used by phone applications/Operating system. so for smooth operations more the internal storage the better. 4> Looks : 4.3 Inches screen for me is ideal. 5 or more are little too big in my opinion. Having said this this phone looks very rich..classy slim and just 124grams in weight so as per looks its is just pretty..especially the chick white one. 5> 1 GB Ram : No matter how fast processor you have and internal storage you have the RAM is what matters when in comes to delivery of flawless output. 6> Great gaming experience with no lags .. I can play the 3d racing ..shooting games and other popular games like Temple run / death race / subway surfer / candy crush etc with out any issues.....and awesome rich screen display ! 7> Great experience with wi-fi or 3g data network connectivity. Cons: 1> The head phones are not " In ear " rubber bud type. which i personally prefer 2> The phone gets a little warmer at the back panel... but I believe that is because i use it a little too much , so its not a surprise :P Note : It needs mico sim card.. so if u have the non-micro sim card (the regular size) its not a problem but u need to get it cut. any small mobile shop will get it done for u (for free :)) they have these cutting machines .. so no risk involved) but make sure to copy ur contacts from ur old phone to the sim card first before getting cut.
I Bought This Phone From Flipkart And Got Before The Standard Delivery. This Phone Is Simply Awesome, I Am Facing No Problem With This. Just The battery Is Little Bit Less. And It Will Be More Good After Buying Power banks. Pros: 1. Display Is Amazing. Viewing Angles Are Very Good. 2. There Is Very Little Lag In The Phone Which Is Obvious. 3. Camera Quality Is Good At Daylight And Better Then Micromax Canvas 4. 4. Heavy Games Like Asphalt 7, Virtua Tennis, NFS MW Runs Smooth. 5. After Installing Plently Of Apps And Games, This Phone Has 350 MB Free RAM. 6. Screen Size Is Good Rather Than Big 5 Inches. 7. Call Quality And Media Quality Sound Is Good. 8. Accelerometer And Compass Works Well. 9. Good Gestures Like Smart Stay, Shake To Update etc. 10. 8 Continuous Shot In best Pictures And 20 Continuous Shots In Normal Quality. 11. Many Other Camera Features Like Smile Shot, Cartoon etc. 12. Face Unlock Also Works Very Well. 13. Do Not Go To Micromax, Karbonn, XOLO Becuse They Provide Low Quality Specs. Cons: 1. Camera Not Up To Mark In Night Photos But Good Considering Price. 2. VGA Camera But Good During Skype. 3. Voice Input Sometimes Do Not Understand What Spoken. 4. Hope To Android 4.4 KitKat Upgrade. Just Go For This Phone In This Price. It Is Better Then Xperia M, And MMX, Karbonn, XOLO Phones.
This phone has an excellent RAM & internal storage of 8 GB with expandable memory upto 32 GB, and Android Jellybean rocks the phone, but the battery SUCKS. The phone is also not durable and the processing speed is also slow. SPICE phones are far better than SAMSUNG phones now days. And on installing BATTERY DOCTOR is also of no use. Still the battery sucks. It is better not to buy any SAMSUNG SMART PHONES.
First of all, I appreciate the buyers who take the time out to write a detailed review which helps us buyers to make an informed decision before investing in a product. Now, about the product- There are phones with better specs at this price in the market but my choices were restricted since i wanted 1.) good after sales service and 2.) a phone which is not too big, nor too small, i.e, 4.3 to 4.5 inches. Moto G was a strong contender but the waiting period was 20 days when I bought this phone and also, motorola just re-entering the market with it, the after sales service was a big question mark as well. From the reviewers on Flipkart it was apparent that it doesn't have a great battery life and since I need my cell to not die on me before my day is over at 7 pm (about 12 hours of moderate use), I took my time going through the other phones but finally decided to give it a shot and went for SGC (Samsung galaxy core). I couldn't wait for 3 days for flipkart to deliver it due to the pathetic condition of my previous cellphone which was barely holding up, so I bought this handset from a retailer two days back. As of now, with 5/6 apps installed, its giving me a battery life of about 15 hrs (two/three hours of 3G usage and an hour of calls with an hour of messaging thrown in) with only One sim since I don't need two except when I am going out of station and two sims drain battery much faster. no lags till now and working fine. Good network though you need a reboot once in a while for switching between 2G/3G which, for me, isn't much of a deal breaker. Will update this review at regular intervals after installing more apps and using some battery saving tips to give fellow buyers a more complete picture. As of now, the verdict is- 4 stars/ 5star Go for it If you want good after sales support and don't mind charging every 16 hours.
Flipkart service is good. The phone is good value for money. In that price range of budget smartphones, it provides most of the required features. The build quality, performance, rear camera, display is good. It also provides additional front camera. 8 GB internal plus support for micro-SD storage is added benefit.
Overall its good in price range. But battery life is very poor, I am using it since 15 days and charging trice a day.. it lasts for max 6 hours even network is off, in best battery saving mode. flipkart delivery is good, but they have to check the availability of the customer on sat Sundays.
Good mobile in this range .. Camera is good. .. Performance is cool Style and design is awesome When we high resolution games it looks like we are playing in s2 I would recommend this for all who will be statishfied with 1 gb ram
Really good product in range of 12k, very easy to use.good configurations excellent camera and speakers. Thanks samsung!!!!!.
its awesome, some review says it will stuck and not work properly but i do not have any problem. some peoples make negetive comment
Hi Frends.. i bought a galaxy core from flipkart..5 star to the Flipkart for the excellent delivery time.. in very first few days phone was running smoothly.. after a week phone gets hanged.. suddenly phone gets switched off.. no battery backup at all.. i have to charge the phone twice in a day for 100 % even i dint install so many apps in my phone.. just only whatspp and we chat installed in my phone.. i will not forget the camera quality. even its a 5MP camera, but the picture quality is so good for photo freek people.. despite of battery backup, phone is must buy
I am a flipkart buyer since 1 year. Again, excellent delivery from flipkart. Low price when compare to other sellers..Wonderful Product with no damage. Excellent Packing..Overall Satisfied with flipkart.
If u Activate 3G on roaming sim, the mobile restarting instantly. Battery draining like anything................................... Go for sony
This mobile is really good one as per price. It is having almost all the features good smart phone is having... really liked it and Flipkart service as well
the samsung galaxy core duos mobile is a good mobile with very good features. but the problem with the mobile is its battery life needs to be charged 2 times a day. so thew battery life needs to be improved.
Hi , I bought this phone 2 months back and here is my findings. Pros: 1. 4.3 inch screen 2. Brand Name Samsung 3. Templs Run 2 running good. 4. Dual Core Processor 5. 8 GB internal memory 6. Headphone Sound is good. 7. Camera quality is kind of ok. 6/10 Cons: 1. Processor: Though the processor is dual core and 1.2 Ghz but the architecture of the processor is very poor. ARM5 is kind of processor which is used by Cheap companies and not so powerful when compared to equivalent snapdragon processor. 2. Graphics: Adriono 203 - Common in this price you can get much better graphics processor. Check Xperia M. 3. Only 4.75 GB out of 8 GB internal memory is accessible. 4. Sound on Speaker sucks. Below average. 5. Video Playback: Video Payback of this phone really bad. You can't play any 720p video. Not even with MX Player and Software decoder mode. Even the very old model phones which does not support 720p video playback can play video with MX-Player using Sofware decoder but this one can't. This is really bad. Even for 480p video it gets blurry few times and all the video had some extra reddish color. 6. You can't do precious/ next song when the phone is locked. I used HTC and Sony phones and they have this option by default. 7. Display: Kind of ok. PPI is low. 8. Battery Backup: Not good when you are not using power saving mode and using dual SIM. Go for Sony Xpreia M. That's a far better phone with respect to Processor/ Graphics/ Video Playback/ Camera/ Sound Quality/ Build Quality.
I am shocked by the low reviews of for this phone. It works very nicely and smoothly. There are no problems with this phone other than the battery which works for about half a day with heavy usage. The battery should had been of about 2100Mah and it would have worked just fine. But considering all the smartphones the battery works okay. The phone is filled with features and is just amazing. I have been using it for about a month now and it is working great for me. The camera is good, there is almost no lagging. I would have given it 5stars if it wasn't for the battery. Happy with my phone!!
Hi i have purchased galaxy core for the price of 13250 last month..Performance is good..but battery backup is the concern..it comes hardly 8 hrs with average use..
I purchased this phone 29-sep-2013(not in flipkart) and I am writing this review on 29-oct-2013. This phone is good in: 1. Camera quality 2. Internet speed 3. Ram(842mb avaliable) 4. Processer 5. It don't get heat while playing high end games(Temple run and subway surfers, I tested it by playing temple run for one hour continuously while charging is on) 6. Touch response 7. It's size and weight and display quality 8. Internal memory 8GB (4.75gb user avaliable) This phone is bad in: 1. Playing 720p Video(.mp4 format) 2. Battery(when using internet and WIFI-hotspot, it lasts only for one hour) 3. Can't install Apps in memory card 4. Some times while playing temple run, it lags for a fraction of second. This phone is average in: 1. Video recording Over all I had a great experience with this phone and this is my first smart phone.
I can't say this is Best Mobile Phone for Smart Phone starters, rather I would say just "Good" due to its Battery Backup issue. With Dual Core processor its performance varies with just Basic applications (come along with Phone) running on the Phone. Having 1800mAh battery, even after 100% charge every time, it lasts only max 24hours with minimal usability.
I bought this phone 1 month back . In 1 month period it went to service center twice. And its internal parts are very cheap and delicate. Its charging port crashes easily and then you have to pay 650 rs. I am really depressed with samsung for this phone
I have been using it quite some time now. I would like to mention the three most annoying downs of this phone 1. Audio even at full volume is on the lower side. 2. Battery drains out before the end of day if I use it on Wi-Fi/mobile data 3. Hangs quite often 4. As yet could not find good compatible call recorder for it
I see in built memory as 8GB in specification, but I get only 4.7GB. Also don't have good controls in subway surfers.
I was on a dilemma to go for Samsung Galaxy Core or Xolo Q700. But then I made a right choice of choosing this. Nice to use, Light weight. Its operation is bit slow sometimes, but after killing the Apps running background, it resumes to good response. Ensure that you have a microsim before using it, else, you will have to cut your existing sim card to microsim. Any mobile shop will do it for you charging Rs.30/-. The head phone design is not good. The Mic gets stuck with the collar of the shirt. Sound clarity is good. Over all a good experience with this mobile.
First of all thank you Flipkart for delivering this product safely within 24 hours. I was confused between so many phones in price range below 15k but now I'm happy that I made the right choice. This phone has everything that a low end phone should have. Super smooth, nice camera, nice battery backup (thanks to jelly bean and 1800 mAh battery). Overall best product under 15k.
I bought this phone 15 days back with Bluetooth headset free. First thing Flipkart delivery is awesome..Price is Good compare to other online dealers. Now about phone..Phone has everything needed @ the price band of 13K/-. Good Camera, Good Speed, everything looks Good...BUT..BUT it has heating problem..you cant use it more that 15mins it heats like anything..Also Battery life not makes me happy..
First i want to tell u plz dnt compare with micromax and karboon phone is superb dileverd in just 48hrs
im using lava iris 458 q 512 mb ram 4.2.1 jelly bean i bought this mobile samsung galaxy core i felt that samsung is cheating customers... core 13k lava iris 458q 7k 1080p not suppoerted supported 720p not supported supported camera 5 mp 8 mp look good looks good 1gb ram 512 mb samsung is good only for lcd clarity performance is bakwaas i was not able SUBWAY SURFERS smoothly on galaxy core ..then what is the use of buying such phones..waste of money..go for lava phone..by the way its my first lava phone and im loving it..1gb ram and not able to play small game...wake up india
I am completely satisfied with it. I am not a gamer, so can't comment on processor speed and all. For other functions like email, S voice, Navigation, G cards, Cam Scanner, Photography, etc. it works like a wonder. Just using that for last 30 days so far so good . Just clearing the memory here make it better . great display .. very light ..Cheap and good . Cons: Only one i could think of in short time is can't move installed apps to external storage
Screen size- "Perfect" Display- It didn't look like a 800*480 Weight- "Light" RAM On 1st boot 530/842 After adding lots of apps(20+) 350/842 6 background apps running 250 is still free Install advanced task manager for killing unnecessary apps. Games i tried nfs most wanted, real racing3, fifa 14, raging thunder 2, temple run2, dead trigger all worked good, there is a little lag in real racing 3 but graphics are good games need more space so 4.75gb/8gb is good Connectivity wifi speed is good, i didn't check the 2g/3g Most important Touch Screen is superb it has low dual core processor and adreno 203 gpu but that doesn't perform low BenchMarks are low but that is half story User experience is great Battery install easy battery saver thats it Samsung Brand and there trust :) Hope this helps
Please dont buy its getting hang every day and very slow not up to the expectation of 1.2ghz dual core processor samsung it cheating customers Even RAM is not looking as 1 GB Display is good Battery performance is also good but No option for moving application to Memory card
Sorry FK.... I got this cheaper than your quoted price. I got it for 12750 INR. Before buyin this device i was having a lot of research about its performance, quality and battery backup. After i was done with dis i had 2 options either to go for SONY XPERIA M or GALAXY CORE.. I was quite sure of buyin any of these devices as my permissible budget was Rs 13000.As Xperia M wasnt available in the store and i didnt had patience to wait another 15-20 days to buy and i decided to have it.As we all know its specifications what we actually get is 4.75GB of internal storage and 842 MB of RAM which is quite ok.i had no issues watsoever. yes,it gets a bit warm after 20 mins continuous use of internet bt dats ok. battery is just ok .bt wht i found gud about it was more internal memory, gud display and a better camera than its closest rival Xperia M.n its a dual sim fone 2 with Dual active mode(i hvnt tested it yet bt read somewhere else in a review b4).Its a super slim fone . i really felt Xperia M was a bit fat.. :D .i have installed Subway surfer and Temple run and it works perfectly... The only thing i liked about XPeria M was its configuration(its internal chip-set , its processor ) bt i never wanted to compromise with display, camera and internal storage & personally i like TOUCH WIZ other than any other interfaces(HTC too bt its nt in the context).. Lastly, I am quite satisfied with this beauty ...
Got this today for my Father!!! Thanks to Flipkart for super fast delivery. Phone is pretty good. Had considered other phones but didn't want to go with unbranded ones. This has pretty good configurations & suitable for general usage. Didn't notice any lag after installing & using multiple apps. Camera pics are good. Volume is bit low but decent enough. Was initially worried after seeing low rating for this phone. But later realized people do expect hell lot of things from their phone. To me, phone is pretty good for average user & would recommend to others also.
i bought the new samsung galaxy core white from Udupi..not online.. its good.. people do is compare displays ,ram, battery size , processor hz , no of cores etc. they are even probably paid by all these indian cos to write negatively here . i feel for the price it is a decent quality phone . others are entitled to their opinions the functions n apps are awesome... nice job by samsung..good going.. totally sacrificed with this device..
I got the phone for as low as 12900, Awesome set in this range. Slim Sleek Shiny Cool :) Works well, nice specs. Camera is fine for this range. Games run smoothly. Battery is quite good as compared to SII. If you can't go beyond this range go for this one, else you have much more options.
This phone is superb value for money. Please stop misleading people with bad reviews just because you dont like samsung or are a fan of some other brand. First use this phone for atleast a day, and then you will realise that no other phone can give you so much at such a tempting price. Pros : Superb looks (white) Feels solid and well built No lag ( as of now ) great screen Nice touch 1 GB ram decent battery life great call quality cons: No Gorilla glass - gotta be careful not to drop it
HI have bought this phone yesterday only I have made my full RND , then I have a filter With my price of 13,000 Rs 1) Samsung Core 2) Lenovo P771 3) LG 2 P 715 But @ lost I have gone Samsung Core nice phone.
I am using this phone. I bought this cause it was cheap and dual SIM phone. Xperia M isn't availble in my area.So I brought galaxy core. Here's my honest review. Pro: value for money phone. Storage expandable upto 64 gb Decent screen size. No onscreen buttons. Dual active SIM. Surprising good camera Feels like dual SIM galaxy s2. Nice battery performance. It's like 2012's highend phone. Optimized and user friendly ui. Cons Cortex a5 processor. But who cares aslong as it works properly. I would recommend this for everyday use. Smart phone geeks stay away.
I would like to start by saying Bigg Thanks to Flipkart. You are the best out there... ) I use S3 but I ordered Galaxy Core for my friend and I can not compare S3 with CORE as S3 always stands few steps ahead of CORE. If I have to compare CORE with other mobiles in the same range CORE beats them all. It has sufficient RAM of 1GB which is good enough. Inbuilt memory of 8GB (about 5.5 GB is available for use). Good LCD display. Are you expecting a HD AMOLED screen? Well, you should not be for 12k to 13k. 5MP camera is okay. And its Dual SIM. But I did not find the headphones very good. They are crap! If you are looking for other good mobiles in the same range, I would suggest Micromax or Nokia Lumia series.
The phone is as smooth as butter from the day 1 I bought it. I had confusion between Samsung galaxy core, lenovo, and micromax hd. But I have chosen the right one. Guys if you have same doubts then please go for the brand as we Samsung has best service comparatively. The phone is handy and specs are hood but could have been better in case of battery and gpu. As we all use smartphones for using Internet & apps it should have a good battery backup. This gadget slightly lags in that. Other than that this phone is simply superb. Even hd videos can be played without any lags. I almost watch a movie streaming every night. So I am happy with the phone.
Hey Guys, Bought the Core yesterday and I am so impressed with it that I am going out of my way and writing a review. I have been an Android Users for 3 years now. In short, the Core is a phone which will give you the performance of a 20-25K smartphone in only Rs 12900. Let's evaluate it part by part. Connectivity: Full 3G support OS: Jelly Bean Screen Resolution: 480p. When you compare it with Sony Xperia L which is priced at around 16-17K, you will definitely go for Core. Touch: As always, Samsung cellphone touch is awesome. Processing: 1.2 Ghz, 1 Gb Ram. In short, all your fav android games and apps will run super smoothly. Camera: 5 Mp. It is true that 5 MP is nothing in the world of double digit MPs, but still the Camera is good enough for everyday life. Plus put in flash. Memory: Internal 8Gb, Expandable upto 32 Gb. This is enuf for loads of app and game download. Battery: This is the part which left me awed. I am a 3G user with 3 mail account synced, plus the watsapp, plus the gaming(Temple Run, Subway Surfers etc etc..), plus the ongoing downloads and still the battery stays for a complete day. :D If u know the battery problems of heavily priced smartphones, u know wat I am saying. :P Well these were the features which mattered the most to me and if you think about it, it becomes extremely clear that this is really really worth Rs 12900. If you don't care much about the double digit MP cam then I would suggest to definitely go for this phone.
I think at this price.. the features provided by Samsung are just too good. I am using this phone for a week now and i am completely satisfied. I did not find any technical issue or glitches. Everything is smooth.
I bought it 4 days ago from a local store in Guwahati @ Rs. 13200/-. I was very much impressed with the style and affortable price and with great features.The most amazing part is core is having jelly bean OS which is latest and upto date. Previously I used Galaxy Chat and Galaxy Grand which made me a fan of Samsung. Samsung is much much better than Micromax (I used micromax too) and other china made mobiles. I was looking for a budget phone under 14K and Glaxy Core is the best choice. The phone works like charm super fine, great camera, super fast gaming, multi-tasking. Product is upto the mark and best mobile of Samsung in the price range. The phone is best for them who needs a medium sized phone with great features to easily keep in jeans pant pocket. For me its a very good cell phone with all the features in high costing models. Best phone till dat with such a price range.
i bought this phone a week back... every thing is awesome except average battery life ... but i last long for a day for normal users .... worth for money ..... looks stylish.... display is good.. camera quality is good... audio player is good... HD videos can be played by MX player... Games run flawless.... Battery is average... :(
Pros: Really amazing product to buy.. configuration really amazing.. 1GB RAM.. no need to worry about processing speed while multi-tasking.. 4.3 inch screen very handy.. comfortable to use.. 5 MP camera good when compared to other brands like sony n htc which was used by my friends.. Jelly bean OS very attractive.. Cons: Got normal Earphones.. quality is good but not comfortable like air lock Earphones..
First of all,I bought it from a local store for lesser price. Now about the phone, It has very good build quality and has all the features including front cam video calling over 3G. Display is sharp and bright and camera quality is also very good. It has Adreno 203 GPU which supports high end games very well. I got Antutu score 7114 on my phone. It plays REAL RACING 3 nicely.... It has got the quality you would never find in cheap brands like micromax, karbonn, spice etc. I would recommend this to all those who want a dual sim android feature packed phone in this price range of around 15000.
Don't Buy...Worst mobile..Ever seen such a bullshit mobile... Touch is ok not good Battery back up is verry poor. While texting only message feature will be hangup. When I open gallary gets restart automatically. Very poor mobile. Camera is 5MP is fine but image unable to capture quickly. Dont buy this mobile ever. Zero star. Please I request u all Dont buy this
It is worst mistake of my life, that I bought Samsung galaxy core from shop on 13k.It is work like a china. Drawback of Samsung:- 1) Main fun of mobile is to make a call from anywhere but Samsung mobile loose the network/tower , even my old Nokia n72 shows same operator network at same place. 2) Samsung give slow response to incoming call i.e. waiting for long time to connect. 3) Touch response become weak day by day. 4) It does not have cancel button/icon on second stage of dialed number ,which make voucher recharge difficult, or make incorrect input to customer call. 5) It support only 720P i.e. it does not support full HD. 6) Video recording does not support zoom function & recording is at 720p but still have black color in recording as compare to image capture. Screen vision always changing black to white and white to black vice versa. 7) Some time screen get black or dim after charging which need to make a restart to mobile to come to original. 8) (It does not have light sensor)Display does not glow many time after you remove it from ear which make call disconnect impossible still you remove the battery, as switch off or restart does not work at that time & call is connected so billing increases. 9) Net speed is too slow though it having 1.2Gz processor and 1GB RAM. 10) I am using inbuilt ringtone ,still it is having very low sound & does not come to know easily in traffic or T.V sound.
I purchased this phone from flipkart and it took two days to get it in hand. Flipkart really rocks!! Now come to the point - This phone is having almost all cool features at this price. Just look at its specs which I like most - 1. Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean 2. 1.2 GHz Dual core Processor 3. 1 GB RAM (842 MB available to user) 4. 8GB internal storage (4.75 GB available to user) 5. 4.3 inch high quality display (screen is not too big - not too small) 6. Touch is awesome. I didn't face any lag between touch & action. 7. Rear camera with Flash & many photo features (timer, shooting mode etc). 8. Front camera is also fine when I tried it on skype. 9. Wireless & Wifi hotspot can be made. 10. Call clarity & signal reception of this phone is very good. 11. Battery backup is 1.5 days for me with medium internet usage. If I don't use wireless/mobile data then battery lasts for more than 2 days.
This product was the very best that i came across among all other competitors in the present market. The best buy among all the brands like the sony xperia models, nokia lumia models, htc models. It was having the best configuration in terms of hardware and software among all the above mentioned models. So if you are interested in buying a android device having all the feature of 4.1 jellybeans, its the right product to choose .
Samsung is going on mid range in an aggressive way and galaxy core is one output. Pros: 1) Screen Size 2)1 Gb ram 3) Processor (1.2 ghz dual core-MediaTek as per phonearena) 4) Dual Sim Cons: 1) Design (Same from galaxy star to S4) 2)TFT display(217 ppi) 3)5mp camera(okay for price) Benchmarks are yet to come. Once they arrive, we can know what its upto.
Really Disappointing by the price of this phone nearly 12k , this phone os not worth the price. coming to MOTO E you have better phone at 7k. 1.Processor ----You have Better Processor because you have latest Snapdragon 200, combined with Adreano 302. A better one. 2.Ram------ You have 1GB ram in both so no winner. 3.Display ---You have 4.3inch Display in both but Moto E has 540x960, Gorilla Glass 3 and IPS Dsiplay. Core has 400 by 860, TFT Display really a outdated technology. You should consider Gorilla glass for durability and long usage. Moto E Wins 4. Design No doubt Moto E wins Here simple and clear design , same old design in Core. Moto Wins here. 5. Battery 1980mah in Moto E, 1800mah in Core . No clear Winner 6. Sd card-- availability in both . No winner 7. Software --latest 4.2.2 Kitkat in Moto E , Jelly Bean In core and no updates to leatest Here the main factor to be considered here is you have phone with latest software in Moto E and at least one Major Upgrade this is real thing to be considered Because you can have latest software for at-least one year or so. In core you are getting a year old Software. Moto E Big winner. 8. Camera--- Both have 5mp camera but core has a front camera and flash no doubt core is winner here . but you should consider another phones if you are a camera geek 9. Price -- here comes the greatest breaker . Moto E 7k, Core 12k. with around 5K difference Moto E is the Biggest winner here. Considering the price difference , even then Moto E tops core By 5 points. Core was a great phone but now i think samsung should reconsider there stategy . the display and the software is really badly maintained. If this review helped you please hit the like button below.
Call quality is very poor.Phone gets rebooted when talking .Call never gets connected on first dial,go to try to 2- 3 times
I have purchased samsung core 8 months back @13000 from a spice store. 2 days backs suddenly phone stops working and I am not able to even stitch on-off the phone . When I went the nearest service centre to Nehru place the centre people says phone got the moisture ,you have to pay 13500 to get repair as there is no warranty of moisture. In samsung sets all depends on your luck ,don't hope any after service if any problem is there .
I purchase this phone is about 1mnth ago.it has problem in back key,it is functing very slow.i think it is software problem but I also update the software but this problem remain same.and it also have a problem on its speaker it is very worst quality.so, don't go for it.
Hello friends I am using samsung core from last 2.5 months it is below average mobile. Touch is ok not good Battery back up is verry poor. While texting only message feature will be hangup. When I open gallary gets restart automatically. Very poor mobile. Camera is 5MP is fine but image unable to capture quickly. Dont buy this mobile ever. Zero star. Please I request u all Dont buy this
The Samsung Galaxy Core is a well balanced handset. Its weakest point is probably the slightly dim screen, but even that is not a fatal flaw. I did like it's mostly smooth out-of-the-box performance, its decent camera, its relatively compact size, its more or less modern version of Android and the fact that i got a dual SIM version. PROS - Affordable price - Mostly smooth performance CONS - Display is not bright enough for convenient outdoor use
It is a very GOOD phone don't compare with Micromax and other company phones Pros: 1.2Gh dual core processor 1 GB Ram 8 GB Memory(4.7GB usable) 5 MP cam with Flash It will supports all the heigh end games like NFS MW,NFS Real Race.... Cons: Battery is 1800Mh..
I have purchased this phone before 10 days and its heats too much and the main issue is smelling(like wire burning) from his back side speaker. This issue is not only with me, our friends have same. You can also try after using the phone only 20 Minutes. Avoid this phone, take other model of samsung.
I bought this phone for replacing my HTC Explorer. As usual, grt service by flipkart (WS retails), it was delivered withing 48 hrs in chennai. Now abt the phn. Display is good, processor is good, can support heavy games without any lags (i have downloaded game sized upto 1.4 GB), metallic blue looks pretty elegant and the textured back panel add some more stars to its appearance. Camera is Decent and u can click decent pics even in complete darkness. Nw abt problems which I felt and faced. Biggest problem is OVERHEATING while CHARGING AND PLAYING GAMES (evn the smaller games like temple run etc, which was working fine on my HTC Explorer) BATTERY BACKUP is VERY POOR. Initially when i bought i have to charge it twice a day as I was using it heavily for downloading and trying different games and applications, bt nw sum hw I'm managing to get 18 hrs with normal usage (15-20 mins calls, 2 hrs msging, 2-3hrs wifi, 1 hr music and 1 hr game) nd believe me I've tried all the ways and types of battery savers. Taking about headsets. Inbox headsets are nt good. I was expecting in ear bt its a normal one nd tht also having sum awkward kind of design by which my ear starts paining aftr 10-15mins. Bt thanks to my Skulkandy headsets which i was using fr my previous phn is working grt with this 1 as well. 720p video playback is nt supported in the phn, I've tried many apps bt all gone waste. Vlc player was working it was getting struck frequently so i uninstalled it. Overall the phn is quite good bt the 1st two problems are unacceptable after spending 13k. I would strongly suggest NOT TO BUY THIS PHN if ny one is planning.
Most 3rd class Camera & Battery, also not support AVI & WMV Video file. If want to purchase Samsung Galaxy Better to go for Galaxy S Duos @ 9500/- or go for Galaxy Grand Quattro @ 16500/- (Quattro Support AVI & WMV Video file)
Hi Donot buy this model. It show always No network Always need to restart the Mobile. I took it in 2 weeks back when it was. I think for the same reason Samsung reduced the Price 12313
Whatever is mentioned in dual active sim feature is not working. They have enabled only call forwarding facility between two sims. This can be done in normal dual standby mobile phones.
screes is not that big. camera is not good with this price you can get better phones in market if you go for micromax doodle 2 is way better when compared to this pay for the brand, fall victim for the ads. conceal the truth, compare yourself and later buy.
this phone is good but the problem is that one day i droped it in water then i gave to service after the problem started .the problem - keeps getting switched off + battery life is not so good . you guys can buy this but ,the phone is very delicate .if it falls nothing happens . the price is good
hi..i would like to mention here that i bought this phone just 3 days before..as i was planning to buy xperia L..but as i compared features and price...i was thinking bit a difference so why should i spend more money on xperia L..(which was my biggest mistake)...so i bought this phone @14500 from market..and the same day when i checked it here it was 12900...so i lost around rs1500 also... phone hang every now and then,,,when i use we chat and whatsapp..and trying to click a pic and share..camera not working means not opening and showing some camera error.. when am dialling any number ..it wont work..then i have to restart it..then it wll work properly for a while..yahoo msger hanged always... all applications download in its internal memory and it cannot be transfeerable to external storage..so no use of external memory card.. biggest drawback is its camera hanging and dailing not working properly... so am not recommending it to buy..
First thanks to Flipkart for delivering in less than 30 hours! Decent device ideal for normal SMARTphone usage! Donno why so many -ve reviews, performance is good for the onboard hardware configs ! Battery performance is also good with normal usage lasting about a day! Price though currently on higher side at 15k, must be around 12k.... For SAMSUNG haters, Yes, there are cheaper phones out there with better configs... Choice is yours, quality comes with the BRAND....
It is too much expensive ,in that much price you can buy canvas 4 which is having 13MP primary & 3.2 secondary camera,2GB RAM , 2Gz processor and most interesting feature is a 5.5 full HD screen Loaded with OS android JB.
This is the best phone for the price tag, It has the best hardware with the quality of samsung. Just go for it, you wont regret! So far so good, i bought it from a local dealer... buy it with your eyes closed!
very slim phone .........shining....dashing....................jelly bean should update sometimes it hangs.........as many samsung devices .............bt this rocks
If you are buying a phone better to look up other phone than this better look up a phone not from samsung Samsung is the wrost band in every product
no updates provided by samsung till date. the battery dont have good back up. you should not buy this phone . rather mi phones will be a better options with least price and value of product
I bought this phone on October 2013 & I had a great experience with it. Amazing battery back up, faster, reliable. many new phones with new features are coming in market. but I never feel down with my older one(galaxy core). I can see from the October 2013, its market value never fall.. just because of its a great phone. I am very happy that I bought this phone.
I am using this for one year and it has been good. The thing is there are many good mobiles with better specifications at cheaper price. So Samsung needs to bring out affordable products
i am very much satisfied with this product,the look of the mobile is completely different from what you see in the pics... it is so slim and the metallic blue color is apt for the set... many people asked me whether it was s4 mini....so that you can imagine its look and slim... i am loving it.... it is almost been 1year i bought, no problem till date... if you wanna buy a mobile with awesome look,just go for it.
i hv been using this phone for almost 10 months.it has been a struggling period for me.high or even medium size games are not playable coz they lags alot. The only plus point is its rear camera.it captures great images compared to other brands.but front camera is below average.and if u do not use video calling or if u r not addicted to selfies u will hav no problem with the camera. bt the major problem is its processing speed which is very bad. also speaker sound is not tht loud. i will not recommend it to any one...not even to my enemies....
I had purchased this phone 6 months back with Rs 12K now its price is Rs 12.5 to 13.5K, I compare this phone with Samsung Galaxy Core Prime SM-G360 , Core prime is better in camera, Screen size, processor, memory and much more with cost Rs 9.9k in flipkart (slightly expensive in fiplkart. In market is available with Rs 9.2 K to 9.5K Before you buy any product from Flipkart compare in open market
no problems uptil nw. regarding gaming, it plays most of the games without any lags. eg asphalt8 Apps run perfectly on it, no lagging fr apps voice clarity is good,usually it depends on the service provider.Dnno y ppl blame mobile fr that!!!! camera is good,bt still hd video reco is mising u cant play HD videos in it.:(
Within 1 year of purchase my SAMSUNG GALAXY GT-18262 have started troubling me a lot. The phone became dead slow. Its batter backup was already not that great but now it get discharge every 6-7 hrs and that too without much use. Now I have started facing strange problem, when I connect it to socket it says battery full-remove charger and once I remove charger the battery status immediately get change to 10% or low battery. Its pathetic.
Highly disappointed with this mobile. Facing battery issue very often, I need to keep charging every 2 to 3 hours. Battery will be suddenly reduced. Can you please suggest me what could be the issue. There is also a display issue, display color changes often. I have already write a complaint in the feedback form, no action was taken from your side, yet I purchased pendrive and shoe. Thanks for your help in advance. On service level filpkart is the best.
if u already bought u don't have option u have to keep it....no one is ready to buy this phone for second hand also :-(. if you are a new buyer do not buy it..hang hang hang...you can go for asus zeo phone 4..it is far better than samsung core....just wast of 13K not even worth for 5K.
This product is standard samsung galaxy core. My mom in law was already using it. So I was sure about expectation from same. I searched for best price offer. So some 100-200 bucks cheaper and comfort of Flipkart. Material came well packed and product worked perfect. I gifted this to my sister. She is happy . FLip kart manged to deliver in 2-3 days. That was worth mentioning. Well done again flipkart.
The product is good ... but the service given by the flipkart is worst... cant be trusted.. I have ordered samsung I8262 phone, The ordered was process and shipped.. later on said that.. out of stock. again i ordered the same product from other seller. the item was received but of other made.. so i am totally disappointed by the service..
A very Good mobile in this range. Worth for money. Its good for medium range phone buyers. Got fast delivery also.
No hang problem. Doing well but Samsung seriously must think in change of looks. All phones now look alike.
I have been using this phone for 9 months. It hangs/lags a lot. After 6 months of purchase I got it's motherboard replaced. Now again after 3 months of that it is giving problems like "camera failed" and lagging. I won't suggest anyone to go with Samsung. The worst part is the phone is still in warranty but given the problems I feel to buy a new phone as it's not efficient to get my phone formatted after every 3 months.
It drains battery a lot and in hanging it is I cant say it angs very much.Yesterday night my battery was 50% and when I woke up in the morning its battery drained to 22%.Can anyone believe.I would rate it zero but sometime it helps in emergency and stores my data so I would rate it 3 out of 5.
Friends, I am using this mobile last 11 months. I am very impressed SAMSUNG products before i bought this mobile. Because last 6 months i am facing battery problem in my mobile. My mobile charge is 20% (Some times 30% and 50%) it's going to switch off. I put the charging means it is charging from 0%. I am repeatedly handling the same problem. Atherwish device working fine. ** I AM DISAPPONMENTED ABOUT THIS PRODUCT** By, Vignesh..N
Superb phone. Very handy. Elegant colour. I just loving lt and spending 16hrs of time with this by connecting with a Wi-Fi
I am Using this mobile since 6 months a very good mobile a man can have in his life ever But some times it will hang like anything, @ that time i'll feel like Through the mobile out side but afr some time it'll come to normal. that's y i have given 4 stars.
I have bought this phone not from flipkart,,,but as review helps to decide people about products quality,buying the products so just for sake of simplicity i am writing this review... now about this phone,,,,,it is good if you care about the budget as it is available under 12000 inr....about tech specs.... DIMENSION: i don't care...you should also...because who care about the size of phone...there is term called hand-to-mobile size ratio or stuff.......the phone size is appropriate for any person CALLING: good...2g and 3g talk hours is good i mean battery backup is good.. SOUND: earpiece and loudspeaker is normal.....but headphone sound is MARVELOUS...NICE CLARITY SOUND CAMERA: 5 mp...with auto-focus...really the auto focus feature is nice....720*480 video...NO HD RECORDING......BUT STILL RECORDING AT 30 FPS WHICH IS SMOOTH PERFORMANCE: nice if you run any kind of high-end APPLICATION....no lag.....BUT FOR GAMING THIS PHONE IS NOT GOOD....PERSONALLY TESTED....HIGH END GAMES RUN ON THIS DEVICE SUCH AS NFS MOST WANTED....GTA SANADREAS...FIFA...MORTAL COMBAT...BUT LAGS AFTER SOMETIME...MOBILE GET HEATED UP......SO NO FOR GAMING....HD VIDEO IS ALSO NOT SUPPORTED BY HARDWARE....YOU HAVE TO RUN IN MX-PLAYER BY S/W DECODER BUT STILL VIDEO WILL LAG AND MOBILE GET HEATED UP...... INTERNET: nice as 5.76 mbps support....good speed...2g internet is also nice GPS: appreciable and nice DISPLAY resolution is 800*480...yeah...it is poor if you compare with other latest mobile but ppi is 217...you will hardly notice any diiference...BEST IF YOU READ ANY EBOOK....the colur saturation often get low without any reason...bit irritating... CONCLUSION: as i have used this mobile...i can only say that don't buy for gaming and enjoying hd videos...best for simple usage such surfing and downloading files from internet and enjoying musics... that's all...
Better to go for android one or moto e Reasons: Android one : Google certified 4.4 kitkat os with updates and Quad-core processor with 1Gb Ram. If not go for Moto E Both the prices of Android One and Moto E are below 7000/- .
Better to go for android one or moto e Reasons: Android one : Google certified 4.4 kitkat os with updates and Quad-core processor with 1Gb Ram. If not go for Moto E Both the prices of Android One and Moto E are below 7000/- .
Samsunga galaxy core is a best phone, I'm using this phone since one year, no problem at all, its very smooth to use. amazing phone i had, battery is also good.
Wana thanks for flipkart and users, i got this deal before year and i bought this cell.. simply best..guys if you r gamer this is best one.. in official use you can go for it.. Battery life 5/4 screen 5/4 sound 5/4 accesories 5/5
Its just awesome! 5/5 to flipkart 4/5 to product Really an one more rewarding experience with FK. Got 150 Rs off since I ordered from mobile FK App.
my friend had this mobile but now he is very upset by using this mobile.now he is crying inside heart he is feeling very very sad.
using since 6 months now, Very satisfied, core 2 has been released for 8000, i got mine for 12500. going by the performance of my phone, should be a great buy. good camera, good touch screen response.
Hi Guys... Phone is good but.. there is big issue with battery it drains 50 to 0 in a minute. and i cross check this issue with few other user also.. they all are facing same issue.
it hangs up a bit.. good phone .. My first purchase from flipkart and the earphones were not working.
I bought this product some 8 months back,till now no problems .Good value for money Quality of the primary and secondary camera are very good.Its connectivity with the internet is awesome.Till this time no lag in the phone.Nice attractive appearance.Battery backup is fine.It has motion control ,which is cool feature to have
Its very good phone,excellent battery backup good display. But there is an issue while calling, sometimes it doesn't call either with any of the sim and required restart
batter you take sony or moto g 2nd generation because in this phone resoluatin is very low you can't play game very smoothaly...........................................................
I would choose Moto G(2nd gen) over Samsung Core always. Flipkart-service==awesomeness, nice packaging. Cons: 1. Though this phone has 1GB RAM, it still gets sloppy when games like Temple Run 2 and other RAM hungry game is played thanks to Samsung's custom Android which always keeps the ram usage above 60%. 2. Also not to forget that this phone cannot be upgraded to Android Kitkat. 3. Speaker sound is less compared to other devices. Camera quality is nice. Suggestion: If you are too much into gaming then i would never recommend this device. For general users it simply serves its purpose well. I give it 4 because well other than the above mentioned cons , its a decent device and meets its purpose.
i had use this product over 8 months &worst product ever i saw. i was a samsung fanboy but nowdays samsung devices makes me loose my trust on samsung devices.even sony provides best product in that range with promising updates & well build quality.i was buy samsung for their best after sale service but it also disappoint me. i had take my device 4 times for just an charging problem but still doesnt solve my problem. & now i will never gonna buy samsung. i wiil rate 0 star but theirs not an option so 1 star.
It's a decent phone with all the necessary functionalities. It looks like almost every other Samsung phone, but it is good looking. It's still overpriced compared to Moto G2, Zenfone and other new mid-range products. I biought this because only Samsung has an authorised service centre within a 100 km radius from my place.
Samsung advertises shamelessly showing price of moto g as 18k... get a life!!!! and phone sucks!!! with 4.1 jb its horrible..... don buy this phone ...'this phone has no hope for update.... so do urself a favor and go for any other phone other than this shitty plastic piece of trash.....
overall good product. Only problem is, It starts lagging after some months. Not able to play games like Temple Run OZ or subway surfer properly.
Bought around more than 1 year back...and writing review after so many days... I AM HIGHLY SATISFIED OF THE SERVICE IT HAS GIVEN TO ME AND STILL GIVING. I am HAPPY :)
I have gifted it to my father. Easy to use. Screen is large. Fits in shirt pocket. I bought N-Case cover with the phone.
I had used this phone from a long time and purchased from Flipkart. The phone is awesome in performance but there is week in battery backup and poor camera quality. But i recommend this phone is you're going with Samsung under this range.
Its working function good and satisfied my requirement and its battery backup also good compare to other phones.
NICE ONE FOR ALL TYPE OF WORK...........................................................................
Good Points 1. Screen size is good - Neither good nor bad 2. Resolution is good. Bad Points: 1. Screen sometimes does not appear and gives distorted colors Getting such problem with in 2.5 months of purchase is too disappointing.
I m using this phone from last 11 months ,it is really awesome. I recommend this phone to all who wants to spend money upto 12k to 13k . It is light weight so easy to carry.
I think phone is great. the Metallic blue colour is attractive. Camera is great and battery also lasts long. The only problem is with Samsung preloading the mobile with too many useless softwares like Samsung apps, Google music, and others which makes the mobile slow at times. You will not have this problem on other mobiles like Motorola or Xperia. There you can download whatever you need from Google play and thats it. Problem is you cant uninstall these softwares too. But slowness is only restricted to playing games like Subway Surfers or Temple Run. For your other functions such as internet or checking mails or whats app it runs smooth and is just fine. For people who play a lot of games try another mobile or one with more Ram. Otherwise this mobile is good.
I bought it 1 yr ago and it's condition at present is that it has stopped working. Without any accident or anything when I woke up in the morning I saw this Dabba was sleeping forever. At service center they are telling that it will cost me Rs. 6986 to get it repaired. Don't buy this phone. I would suggest don't buy SAMSUNG. not a good brand to go with.
Hi, have been using this phone almost a year now. It is a very good one with good size of 4.3 which u can keep in your pocket and big enough to enjoy watching the videos.Gaming is also good. I have tried temple run2, subway surf and even Real Football. Game lagging is very minimal. Only clear RAM when u r opening 2 games at same time. camera has been good. u can also customize ur theme by downloading several launchers from play store. Believe me the lagging is very minimal. Many times thought of going for some other mobiles of higher cost.Then i have asked for what I need some other as this core is giving me good experience from all aspects. A new phone will just feel good on my hand and experience will be quite similar. So i go for better flip covers and cases to make it feel good on hand.
Good phone has almost everything one needs and within an affordable price.................................................................
I got it for final price of around 11k after10% HDFC cashback offer from flipkart. I am using it for more than 7 months now. It has fallen down 4-5 times, it also has it outer steel like casing cracked....but its working good still. Samsung stands for durability. Specs I don't want to tell since I know there are better phones in the market now, with the same price tag. Overall its worth the price we pay considering the reliability factor which nobody discusses while launching a new phone. Buy from proven brands like Samsung, Nokia etc and have a piece of mind.
Good smartphone with brilliant features. Flipkart delivery in my case was not appreciable but considering price at which they were providing it was forgivable. Smartphone has all necessary features. Camera quality is good with nice display. Processor and RAM add boost to the phone. Drawback I am dealing with is quite a common one in case of smartphones i.e. battery backup is not up to satisfactory level.
Built in video player can't even play 720p video smoothly. Samsung is cheating indian customers with some cheap unknown processors.
Purchased on 14th July-14, what I found it is slow as it has 1GB RAM, another problem on top its showing full network, when I want to call somebody its showing "No register network" and accordingly I cannt receive any call. I think its problem with Samsung mobile set, because in grand 2 also showing same sort of problem. Overall spending almost Rs.12000/- its not worth of it,very much disappointing.During charging mobile set got heat...
Im using core from 6 months and ihave no problem using it it doesnt lag that much bit smooth to use battery life is not awesome but when u use efficiently it will last easily for 2 days but wen u use data than u have to charge in 6-9 hours up to ur use the game are running pretty fine but you have to one thing i that u do not get 8 gb to use u will get 4.75 gb here that the problem but not big normally a good grpic game is about 2- 2.50 gb so u can play it easilly it just smooth not like other are commenting on it but u have chance with moto G but the demirit is that u will not find motorolla service centre near or i dnt no it have it or not but samsung give u best service than any other service centre i bet about it....thank u
I am using the product for 3 months and quite satisfied with the performance,speed. Though it can't be compared with MotoG as currently the decreased rate of Moto G may create confusion among buyers whether they should go for it or the other one. Common games like temple run,subway surf can be played smoothly here.Camera is also good with flash. 4.75GB usable memory(total 8gb; rest for O.S) can be used well. For Samsung lovers due to it's brand value within mid level budget anybody can go for it else u need to pay around 20k for phone like grand2 or else. Cons: 1.Like all Samsung phones battery is the biggest problem. In Power saving mode it will run more than a day but for normal mode with 2G internet hardly 12-15 hrs. Samsung really should increase the battery power. 2.More loudspeaker sound would have been better for better music and video.
I would strongly say NO to this piece of shit.. due to following problems 1. It has bulky of impressive features mentioned. But they are just to fool ppl. Such a huge ram and the processor but gets hanged and slow down beyond imagination during multi tasking and even while playing small size games 2. It s gud by looks. But this phone gets heat up higher that u wont like to touch it. Feels like it will burst out now. 3. Internet speed too bad with this phone, tried with top service providers but gives slow speed. 4. Samsung all phones are really slow and wit same UI. Dial pad and contacts take lot of time to open. Will hav to staring at it to pop up 5. A huge problem with the battery backup. This phone cant last even for 8 hrs with only your internet working using whats app.. Battery gets heated up if downloading anything on mobile data. Battery deplets very fast. Battery soon gets down. U will hav to carry a spare battery while using this on travel. Such a crap I say please please please. Dont buy this phone at all..just waste of money. Slowest phone ever and huge battery problem
The phone is awesome, the clarity of screen is very good, over all it is working good. But the only problem is the battery is not longing last, requires charging frequently.
I'm using this from past 10 months it was good till the 9th month now i'm facing so many problem. My suggestion is only not to prefer Samsung phones.
Hi, I've ordered Samsung Galaxy core gt-i8262 on 3rd of august 2014, and I received the product on 5th august 2014, so undoubtedly Flipkart is the no.1online shopping portal in India. But unfortunately the product I 've received is a defective product. The 3.5mm audio port of the device is not responding, which is not at all acceptable. Though I'm very much satisfied with flipkart's service, but I expected that flipkart would check the product thoroughly before sending it to its respective buyer. N.B.: Well I'll appreciate any help from flipkart regarding this defective product.
I love the Phone.......I have installed lots of apps and games and it works fine 1 month has passed from my order it is working just like the new one.
I am fan of Flip cart megastore...its service is very nice I have purchased this mobile from my local vendor ,i am still facing many problem with this mobile ,Battery is very very poor,automatically shutdown and restart ,automatically application close ,and also hang regularlly .dont buy this product buy MOTO G on flip cart or MOTO -E ..Happy Selling on Flip Cart
My phone has a problem of getting switched off while making calls . two months back i gave it to the custmer care. they reloaded the software. Again now i m facing the same problem.
This is the worst phone i have ever used. 1. It says it has 1GB ram, but its dam slow. 2. Its a phone, so we should expect that it should function all basic features of a phone smoothly, unfortunately it doesnt. It takes atleast 10-12sec to show up the dialing screen once you click the "phone" icon on the screen. if you want to see the Call LOG details, u have to wait more. 3. when there is incoming call, very often the main screen doesnt show up.you can hear the ring, but u cant see the Call. you need to swip in the phone, click the PHONE icon and there u need to accept the Call. 4. Every time you receive a CALL, Data Network will stop working, 8 out of 10times you need to restart the phone to make your Data service work again.
i am not having so much money to buy phone my child has done this in mistake sooooooooo,i can not buy that mobile
WS Retail is the best seller in Flipkart who provides best goods for cheap rates As mentioned this is the best phone available for the cost. i have been using this phone for 1 month and comparing this with lumia 630 , this phone is good in display , documents like Microsoft(MS) word, MS powerpoint etc can be easily viewed better than lumia(specially built for MS documents)
i bought this phone as a father's day gift this year and my father was overwhelmed with this gesture of mine and even the phone. i don't understand any technical terms of it as my consulted someone who knows about it before buying it. the camera is perfect........all apps downloaded in it are working fine....really easy to operate it and of course its pocket friendly as i could buy it for my father through my savings!!! there's just one tiny issue that it lags the tinniest bit when lot my things are working in it.....but still it is a great gadget to use.....thanks flipkart for making it a lovely experience to shop!!!
A very good Dual SIM phone for people that are not into gaming. The feel when taping on the screen is a bit plasticky (not like the glass feel when using amoled screens) Best for the price range: not too big :good for ladies Apps run smooth Enjoy
I am using this cellphone for about a year now.Everything works perfectly.There are just two problems I encountered with this cellphone.Its battery life is not very impressive.Since i am an avid Watsapp user the charge of the phone gets over vry quickly.I may need to charge it twice to thrice in a day.However if I dont use the phone at all with no applications running n internet switched off charge remains for 2 days.The second problem is although it gets connected to the hotspot the connection snaps every now and then..Is aftr several tries I get a hassle free connection.All this said I am satisfied with my cellphone...so iv ratted it 4 stars,
Flipkart ( WS Retail ) is the only retailer giving such a good phone for such low cost almost 25% off on MRP, best place to buy any thing.but, This phone is prity good in display and camera ,but does not perform good in power save mode, the performance is satisfactory only in full CPU utilization . To get good performance RAM needs to be cleared at every instinct which causes discomfort. The APPs of this phone also needs to be updated once atleast 25days failing which causes hanging
Fast delivery, good phone
This is really a very good phone for average budget buyers. The screen size is more than enough as 3.5" is too small & 4.5" is too big. 1.2Ghz dual core processor with 1GB RAM is awesome, all apps & games work as a charm. Touch works as smooth as anything, there is no lagging. Also 8GB internal memory is a must if you want to install more & more apps. Only thing to worry about is little slow internet speed compared to some other phone in same range but, its negligible compared to other features. If your budget is around 10k, than this the phone you are looking for. Go for it.
a very very bad reveiw for this phone is not good as i like it good better but not besttt from the criketer ali
I am a flipkart buyer of these phone...1week is over and tll now no prob had been seen..but 1 thing i must tell that with these ranga of smart phone..mp4 format video must support....and rest every thing is fine..sound quality is perfect..display screen is also very impressive...at last I jst want to say's that,buyer having a range of 12-13K..they should blindly go for it...
As look into the economcal point of view mobile is good, but even though the RAM is 1 GB, Processor is 1.2 GHz, it is slow compare to the other mobile with the same configuration. Please fix this and definately rating will increase. Sagar
It is middle range and its size is good in hands. Rest specifications are good in this range of money.
Bought For 12300/- in march,After many Compares Reviews Videos And Thorough Research in less than 15k phone category I found my winner,I have Never used a phone above 6k dint feel da need ,main reason was Camera,GPS,Millions of Apps,etc I was Confused Between Quartto and Core but Qrto is Quad Core other specifications are bettter in core After this there is grand in samsung's inventory(under20k) motto g's main problem was no sd card expansion. Its Internal memory is 4.75GB not 8GB as stated
It is good and slim. A new feature is that missed calls/ SMS can be known by a vibration when you take the phone . But after sometime the phone lags even downloaded apps are kept to minimum. This is the one draw back I noticed in this model. Flipkart service and packing are fine.
Works very smothly. Had to restart it many times because I was not able to run mobile data. Apps works nice. A good phone in this price range.
I will start with the pros: 1. It has a bright display and it can be used decently at a less brightness in indoors but at outdoors it should be used at average max. brightness. 2. It has some features that are in some high range phones i mean grand and above priced phones like smart stay, motion ux...... 3. It's 1 gb ram is not yet all problem and processor is also performs faster but not like the high end phones. 4. Plays games like Temple run 2, candy crush saga, and high end games like pacific rim, real steel, and carx drift, but subway surfers game lags somewhat not that much...... Now i'll discuss about Cons: 1. The main disadvantage of this phone is it's Battery of 1800 mah it only lasts for a few hours. 2. The rear camera is good but not excellent and we can't expect excellent one in this range and front one is good one.
1. This is phone has a good user interface. 2. The battery backup is good if the brightness is kept low, WIFI is kept off, mobile data is kept off and so as the screen rotation is kept. Anyways keeping all its utilities on shall also give a good back up, may be of 3 hours in maximum and with all utilities in off condition it runs for nearly a day. 3. The Kitkat 4.4 update is not yet released for this phone where as the new core II will have the 4.4 update. So, for OS purpose it is good to wait and have the second version. 4. Camera is good but sloppy. It has 5Mp but lacks in quality. 5.The touch response is good. 6. The phone has a good look similar to the other samsung smartphones. I would like to give it a 3 star for its good interface and looks. 1 star down for the battery and camera efficiency.
Touch and display good.Dual sim functioning well but the battery only lasting for maximum 4 hours on data usage.This has hanging problem also..
hi alll, i've purchased the phone 2 days back. flipkart delivery is sooo good and fast. phn n its features are also soo good....:) flipkart sales n service also best. :)
samsung galaxy core purchase in flipkart is too good because i purchase it and no problem regarding quality, less price and nice delivery.
Phone came in good condition but after 5 days we realize that home button is not working. First, we thought that this phone does not have this function but when compared with friends using same model then came to know that there problem in the phone.
it is a good budget phone with good specs.it runs on android 4.1.2 which is not latest.no option to download applications on external storage.camera is average.....but brand value is worth
this cell phone (samsung core I8262) battery power standing capacity not satisfied so this product not stand by 12 hour a am very sad
This is a good product within a small and reasonable budget. Delivery and quality of the product is excellent. I will give thumbs up for opting this one as gift to your dear ones.
i order come my sister birthday today please return my order please urgent for me i dont not another shoping thanks
Very good service. My samsung galaxy core was received in three-day this is my third purchase on flipkart.com
I have purchased the samsung 18262 core, it is very cheap on Flipkart online and quality of product is also very good. the touch pad is very smooth and fast moving and the camera is also a very good quality, I have also a Spice MI504 phone but the camera is 8 m p but there is no quality of picture instead of samsung core 5 mp. I think it is very good deal and want to buy in near future other product. I want to give you rate of scale no. 5. thanks Hukum Singh Madan Pur Khadar, New Delhi-110076
Bought this phone from a local samsung store. This was my 5 th android phone in the space of 15 months, previous phones were all just basic android phones; galaxy y, LG Optimus net dual P698, LG Optimus L3, and galaxy ace. So my expectaions from my 5th buy ws a reasonable faster processor, no lag, dint expect it to b as smooth as lumia, and a decent camera. Am a moderate gamer, play games like clash of clans,stick cricket, temple run occasionaly, and read e books use medical dictionary. Within a week of buyin this phone, problems startd, had to change this battery, then the IC, both were replaced under warranty.Aftr a month, d phone got slower, had to delete almost all apps, still it dint help.It used to lag alot, I really regretd fr choosin this phone, nly usp of this phone ws camera, apart from it, it had let me down completely. Tried reseting the phone, still d problms persisted, shuld have gone fr Xperia M or Lumia 625. If we use both the sim card, it bcmes difficult to call some1 from one of the sims.
great phone only if your not into HD video recording...flipkart delivery ,product quality everything else was awesome...
Everything is good on my budget,but sometimes hang problem I've already faced,battery back up is not good.Otherwise,it looks awesome,metallic blue color sleek mobile,easy to handle.good facilities on a good price.
A superb budget cell phone with low rate. And flipkart always done good job. Fast shipping Thanks Flipkart
I bought this phone for my sister as a gift, Flipkart was my first choice as i am a satisfied user, and prices were competitive too. Overall a very decent phone at the price tag! No hanging or lagging whatsoever!
The mobile is best. This was my first high value electronic goods` order on internet. Money was already paid by debit card. I had worries about genuine supply. I am fully satisfied. Happy with the product.
Only concern is battery. It drains so fast. The First set was replaced with a second one that drains still more. Even I now feel awkward to again request for a replacement. Lags some time like in retrieving contacts, call logs etc. Initially it was fine, but later on, I'm unable to access facebook, whatsapp and other sites. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but no use.
First of all thanks to Flipkart as well as WS Retail for so much of quick & fast support on delivering as well as replacing this Mobile Twice right on time. But the main problem is with the Mobile which gets hanged as well as some it does not respond at all, even though the Phone has not been used for Games or other Applications. Also network coverage is very poor resulting Call Drop. The Brand Samsung is moving towards downwards whereas the Price of it is going upwards. Shame on SAMSUNG.
I bought this phone few months back from flipkart. It has almost all the feature that the high-end smartphone has. Battery is decent. Sound quality is as always awesome. Presence of front camera, and memory card sets it apart from the recent competitors like moto e and moto g. The only phone that you could consider in place of this is moto g. But personally I am fond of samsung UI than the stock android one. I find it far more intuitive than others. Rating it 4 star. I am deducting 1 star only because the hardware is not the best one looking at the recent market competitors.
awesome mobile.... with all the available features... though the Samsung became a common brand in today market, it is maintaining it's standards.
BATTERY DOES NOT LAST LONG. IF WE USE INTERNET FOR 1 HR THE BATTERY CHARGE GOES DOWN BY 15% OTHERWISE, THE PHONE IS GOOD.
It could have been a nice deal if purchased one year ago, but Motorola's comeback to India makes this deal costly. It does not have Gorilla glass which is a big drawback. However overall build quality is satsifactory.
its a good product...no doubt.... but guys try to use lenovo set. they are much better....even the usage is so smooth.....
Very good phone on such a low price Good Speed Great resolution Great memory Nice Application The only thing in the phone that i dont like is camera quality
The battery of this phone getting very hot during charging. The flipkart shown its internal memory 8 GB but i found only 4.7 gb.
Got a defective product. Performance of the product is worst. Battery is getting heated very much even for 2 mins call and while charging. Contacted customer care, response from them is not satisfactory
i have used this mobile , n this mobile was a good mid range mobile , good camera quality , n amazing picture quality , available at cheap price, it is compact and portable mobile for the daily use but it some times lags and pixel of screen may break sometimes
The product is very good.This is a nice a phone,i love this phone.I receive the product within 24 hours .
merits 1 gud camera 2 speed demerits 1 heating 2 battery backup 3 some times need restart 4 front camera quality 6 value of money
If your budget is tight & you are Brand conscious.. then go for this one. Else, there are other local manufacturers who offer the same feature at cheaper price !
Today I received the phone. It is not working properly. There is some problems in mic. Every caller is complaining about slow volume of mic. Not satisfied
Samsung Galaxy Core i8262 is priced around 11k in the market. Comparing products help us know better about the availability of features and their price range. I think that this phone is just a waste of money. For 11k, one can get 5.7" screen, 2 gb RAM, 5 MP front camera, 13 MP rear camera and lots more stuff in Micromax Canvas Turbo. Micromax's an Indian brand and we should obviously invest in Indian goods for raising the Indian Economy. Samsung sports less features and are priced too high. You may say that there is some quality difference. But NO! I have used S4 mini, and it was worst!! Currently I am using Canvas Knight and I would say it awesome! Thank you for reading this stuff :)
According to Specifications battery Power is very low. its stand by time is only 4-5 hours. Very Very poor battery life, That nullify all of its Specification.
Received the product on the time as promised by flipkart. Dual active sim card feature in this phone is very useful for users who want both the sim cards to be active while speaking to some other in one sim other sim show waiting option when it is called by some another.
i am using this phone from 3-4 months very smart phone from best price. i am purchasing this phone in flipkart.com flipkart service is very good. next day i receive this phone in my office.
very slow processor...camera hang problem... not at all satisfied...better if u want to buy...go and see phone personally...dont but after just seen specifications...
Bought 2 phone same day Moto G & Samsung.both are having 1 GB RAM. Samsung phones are worst with their performance... I 've not installed any additional application just used as it is shipped infect reset for checking it's performance. but still it works sluggisss.... I was surprise when samsung phone was showing me network tower without any SIM card in it. LOL... Moto G 10 times better then this one...
Two months back i brought this Product.its really good and user friendly.it is suitable for mid level users.
Best product from Samsung no hanging problems games like temple run 2, subway surface etc.................................
there should be upgraded versions of android like atleast 4.2.2 for this phone from samsung otherwise nice smartphone
This is the best phone I ever seen... I buyed a windows phone which is nokia lumia 610 cost of 13K nearly at the same time my brother took this phone i.e galaxy core there is a lot of difference in performance, specifications and everything... In front of galaxy core lumia 610 does'nt diserves anything... I used to cry every day when i use this phone aftr use of lumia... NO lag,Unlimited apps, awesome GUI bt the nly small draw back in this is when comparing lumia... Touch is quite leggy and while browsing scrolling is 'not smooth.. The rest of the features ill give 10/10 its a perfect smart phone in good budget
Everything is ok except battery backup. battery last only 8 -9 hrs after full charge..with after putting 32 gb memory card, two sim cards, and 3G data connection mode...but if you keep single sim without data connection its ok...but no use..so sad buying this phone...
very good phone. all the features work well. the problem is very bad battery life. you have to charge it every day may be twice. somehow power management part is not well addressed in this phone.
Samsung screws up their own device, I had to root and clear up everything from the device and it sped up to thrice its speed. Its beyond me, why would a firm build a low spec device and use a horrible OS to slow it down further.
I got good deal on this product and its worth for money. Tried outside market and was much costlier then Flipkart. Happy to have this.
I ordered this mobile on April 14th 2014 and I reveived it on 18th April 2014 at 4pm I was at kanniyakumari district in Tamil nadu .It was my first anroid smart phone.Every thing in this mobile are good.It has 0.3mp front camera and 5mp rear camera.
after using for a short time it gets heated like a heater.. the worst phone i have ever purchased!! thanks to flipkart for easy returns.. my money dosnt wested! samsung is looting indian customers by selling substandard phones at a much higher price!
I PURCHASE TWO SETS OF GALAXY CORE FOR ME AND MY SON ON BELIEVING THE BRAND GOODWILL OF SAMSUNG,BUT THIS WAS SHOCKING FOR ME.ONE SET STOPPED WORKING IN 10 DAYS.AFTER REPAIR ,IT ALSO DROPS SIGNAL REPEATEDLY,DAILY HANGS 2-3 TIMES,HAS MADE DIFFICULT TO USE,AND NOT POSSIBLE FOR ME TO REPLACE FOR ANYONE..THE QUALITY IS POOR AND NOT WORTH ITS PRICE.
I am fully satisfied this phone no hanging proplem and phone features are also good i hav used 6 month this phone
hanging problem........... blinking problem........... battery backup very poor......... only looking is nice.....................
Bought this for a friend of mine. Has been using for 5 months now and performance is very good. This is the most sensibly priced Samsung mobile in the current Galaxy series offerings. Call quality is top notch, dual sim handling is also excellent. Design of phone is good for the price bracket and feels like a higher end mobile. Do get the scratch guard and a simple back cover to make the phone last longer.
im very much agreed with Samsung mobiles though they are value for money products.. but samsung has too work on battery backup.. finally the android devices needs more battery bcoz of hidden apps always keep ons... overall handset is good and 1 more thing it takes 2-3 hrs to complete charge...sooooo Samsung pl do the best of battery backup...... only bcoz of less battery backup im giveng 3 stars or i would hav giv 5 stars...
The product is really great. I got product delivered as mentioned n regular update of Tracking info was great. its been almost a month now and m loving it.
So the phone offers a dual core processor and 1 GB RAM. Please please don't waste your money on this, at 12k you can find so many better phones with quad core processors! This phone doesn't have HD Display either. The Samsung TouchWiz UI is bad, it really sucks. The phone is ok for the early users who only use it for calling, texting and whatsapp only. Music and video quality are not good either. I'd recommend you buy Xolo Q800 over this one. Atleast that's what I did. Just don't go for Samsung. And if you can spare another 2000 then I'd highly recommend you get the Moto G. That's just ultimate power and beauty.
I bought this mobile a month ago after a great research and checking each and every product in the market in the range of 11-13k. - Most of the other mobiles gets heated after 3-4mins of video shoots or slowness in GPS (Micromax never comes), slowness in opening image gallery, browsing..... - Multitasking is faster, comparing with Micromax A114 A117, Auxus iberry and Karbonn. - Camera clicks are much better than MotoG with this 5 MP. - Cannot compare with HTC, Sony as they have lesser battery power/ RAM/ Inbuilt space. I just booked one more mobile for my wife too :) but with bit more price than last month.
I purchased this product from Flipkart and as usual Flipkart is so correct in time.Also the mobile is quit excellent.All the specs and the things are working very good more than expectations.This is a best smartphone for the users who don't want to spent too much bucks for it still need a good performance. My advice is to go with this mobile blindly..and ENJOY..!!!
lowest price on flipkart when compared to other retailers Best budget phone Impressive screen size about 800MB usable RAM Comparitively good battery life
super delivery time..... nice product ,with super fine camera a 5mp, but image quality is good compared with other 5mp mobile phone cameras......... @ this price u should Buy.......
SOUND IS NOT GOOD, 1GB RAM IS VERY LESS AND ONLY 5.5GB MEMORY NOT 8GB. MOBILE IS GOOD TO HANDLED NOT BIG. REST OVERALL GOOD..
Its a good mobile as compare to other branded one. The configuration is better. But there is some software-issue. Thanks to flipkart who taken the responsibility for at least one month (in that period you can change the hand-set).
the mobile has been delivered good but the seal has been already open so, make close eye on the package before delivery
Mobile is good, this is value for money. Flipkart delivery is fast, Hoping for more discounts from flipkart
the price has been dropped by Rs.1000/- in a span of 1 month. :( Except Battery backup when on 3G every other feature seems to be good. As the processor is dual core, sometimes it is slower a bit.
A good phone from samsung at this price.No lag in daily usage. But as MOTO G is out at a little higher price I would recommend people to buy that phone. Its having a Bigger display and a 720p Screen resolution.
Superb Delivery Time from flipcart, it reached me to my location in just 2days, ie i ordered it on saturday evening ---- product reached me on monday afternoon...............
I had booked Samsung Galaxy Core I8262 on Flipkart online and had opted for a quick delivery. It was as per my expectations...even more than that. I am really satisfied with the service and would strongly recommend it to my friends and colleagues. About the product: the product was also very good. I really like this site for online shopping.
I just bought a Samsung Galaxy Core phone from flipkart, and i must appreciate the quality of product, & services provided. the delivery was before given time and packaging was also perfect, No doubt i got the best deal on flipkart with an additional discount of Rs. 150 for ordering my product by mobile app. Hi i have edited this review after using my phone for almost 40 days.. i like all the features of this phone. connectivity and internet performance and GPS etc is also working fine but I am really disappointed about the battery of this phone.. if i use it for even 3 HRs, menns viewing photo, using any application or simply keeping the screen on.. it will drain all the battery.. and the phone will switch off.
Nice to have phone, I gifted one to my sister and she is quite happy with its performance. Things I liked most about this mobile 1. good performance with 1.2 GHz Dual core 2. 1GB RAM and JB boosts the processor performance. 3. camera is OK at the price level. 5MP is sufficient for general photos. 4. Quite good battery performance 1800 mah
Very Good phone and value for money. Price is very reasonable. speed for application is OK. Voice clarity and camera is good in the range. I am happy with the product
Product reached before due date. packing was untamperred and contained all bills and documents. Best seller....
It is ok but i Prefer HTC then this HTC is different.Every smartfone of samsung is same fron S duos to S4. But it is okay not good.
First of all, as always flipkart service was awesome. Now, about the product its a great phone in this price range. I bought this for gift. I would recommend it to guys who looking for a phone in this range.
Its hanging and battery getting drained very fast. Compared to Windows, IOS... android is not battery performer. You always need to carry a power bank.
THE PRICE WAS NOT SO COMPETITIVE BUT THE PRODUCT IS WONDER FUL AND SERVICES FROM THE FLIPKART ARE FIVE STARS THANKS FLIP CART
This phone is just awsome. I purchased it on 20-Mar-2014. It runs well on 1GB Ram. Till now phone does not gets hang. If the dispay was as tough as Gorila glass then it would had been an added advantage. The display is superb and the audio quality is also good. In the price range of 12K this is a must buy smart phone.
performance is good.using it from last 2 mnths no issues so far con:specifications are not high compared to moto g in same price range if you want brand go for it... or else you can go for gionee m2 and canvas hd.
Using this product since 6 months and now giving review after using it for 6 months.... :P As expected, overall performance initially of the phone was quite good including battery life but as much apps you are installing, the performance of the phone gets slower and lagged as well as to much charging time it takes for full phone charging now a days (Approx. 2-3 hours).
this phone is good but not able to play some 720p hd video with the help of mx player and video recording resolution of this phone is 720*480 but this phone is able to play high graphics game up to 500 mbs...
I bought this phone for my sister. She liked it as it had all the features what a phone should have. I has a good camera, good speed (1 gb) and good battery life. However it lacks a good processor though many apps works fine and with speed.
This is the best phone which i ever bought hats off to samsung,I am facing no problem in this phone till now this phone is superb for games as as well as for clicking pics
Quick Delivery with fresh piece of Mobile handset received. It was very well packed on receiving thereby all the contents were in no scartch and waterproof pack I .am highly satisfied with the purchase from flipkart as far as price and delivery at Home is concerned. I will be interested in future for purchase from Flipkart. Ajay Kumar Dua Delhi
the item which i bought from flipkart a samsung galaxy core mobile giving me wonderful service . no complain at all..
the specification in flipkart shows that internal memory is 8 gb but actual internal memory is 4 gb and secondary camera is just a vga camera
I bought this phone a month before and it s working awesome!! thanks to flipkart service for a good packaging. . I compared this model with Sony xperia M nd it seemed to reach all the qualification better than that of Sony m. . In sny m ,there s hd recording and Hm this we don't have it, rest. . it is the best!! go for it
It's good for all features in behalf of price, mostly for taking photo and videos. But it hangs many times and discharge very frequently.
this is the 1 of the best phone ever in this range, everything is superb including battery life. camera, processor, display, touch etc.
I bought this phone 2 week ago, its look so gd ,& its very gd mid range smart phone , duel core is little bit slow but camera & battery gd ,nice phone , i m so happy to bought this product threw flipkart.
Hi, I bought this mobile from FLIP KART. It's good mobile and in decent cost. Only disadvantage is, if you put charge using other Samsung chargers it will surely get heated. Others functionalists are too good. Thanks V V
Good phone by this range. little slow performance. but so far so good. Flipkart delivery was good.
I have bought samsung core mobile in Filpkart, Working Fine. Very Nice Phone. Somebody Asking Sony xepria m is better or and core is better. Core is Better.
this is one of best phones in this range and above all the samsung brand which makes the set more exciting to use and reliable only problem i am facing while using is the battery which doesn't stay even a day.
Really happy to buy this phone. Serves daily usage. At this price its a really amazing phone. It has most of the features and is not hanging except a few times.
I am buying this mobile on flipkart.com on 12-MAR-2014.Till now i don't have problem in my mobile.This mobile is giving very good features for that Price.GOOD.
samsung galaxy core is a nice phone. I brought this phone after seeing the specifications on flipkart. the processor was same as grand and grand i8552 , ram was also the same 1 gb and even internal memory was same.I baught this phone and I even enjoyed using it for around 15 days. As from the beggining the identity of samsung it hangs, and there is a lot of lag while playing games. When I start playing any game i had to clear the memory in the task manager. This phone is atleast better than star pro. According to me the screen is also fine for me because I still am studying in school. camera is also good. that's all and if only need applications like Facebook, whats app, etc.. U can go for this.
I Bought this phone from shop not flipkart, This is amazing phone in this price range, Screen size is perfect in hand,I dont like big screen phone, 1 GB RAM causes no hanging problem, Camera is also very decent, I spend my whole day using internet and chatting in once fully charged battery but with single SIM card, It is also active dual so it consume little more battery when both SIM is on.
I have purchased this phone via flip kart .. Great phone for the price range and configuration. The chic white color has a great and attracting look. I am using internet and camera most of the time . It gives a nice result one extra thing I had to do was , I had to cut my regular sim in order to make it fixed in this phone[Micro Sim :)]. And those who compares the mobile camera with a digital camera or an SLR please don't choose , instead buy your favorite Digi Cam or SLR. Last but not the least , the delivery was super fast .. Flipkart Rock :)
Its a perfect phone with perfect screen size and excellent specs in this price!!!! u cant get a samsung phone within this price... it never hangs or show any other problem.
I am quite pleased with the Samsun Galaxy Core. It is a a very neat and compact phone with all the modern apps. The only issue I have with it is the battery. I have to charge the phone twice a day which is quite a shock as I have just switched to this one after using Nokia where the battery needed to be charged once in three days or so.
very nice product with good performance. battery is little concern
Samsung core good but some draw back 1.heating while we speak more than half hour and charging mobile 2.struck in game 3.disconnect internet suddenly Good thing: 1.Battery back up power save mode 2.Full security system 3.Speed and high internal momory But good for 12,300k
I am using this phone since last 6 months and now i am regretting purchasing this phone! I am only mentioning drawbacks of this phone since advantages are not worth mentioning. 1. BIGGEST drawback of this phone is BATTERY LIFE! As phone gets old, battery will start deteriorating very speedily and now after 6 months, it is lasting long only for 4 hrs with continuous use :( 2. Phone's interface and response time has dropped heavily in last 6 months..seriously this phone is as good as a dead phone after 6 months!!!! 3. Never catches signals properly when you go from one area to aanother..very very bad in catchign signal strength in small and medium towns. 4.one more thing taking note of before purchasing this phone as i was not aware abt it: this phone has mini simcards slots..so u will have to cut ur simcards to smaller size!! 5.Phone becomes very very slow after 6 months!! Almost equal to dead!! spent few more bucks and take some HTC or sony etc phones
Product is good shipping was on time, phone works well should have waited for a few days would have go moto g for the same price. All in all good
First experience with Flipkart.com. and I must say Flip-kart rocks!!. about the product: Samsung Galaxy core-- Its a good phone but very bad battery backup. being a sincere user of Nokia , first time I switched to Samsung. But the Battery of this phone in very disappointing and drains with my heart-beats; puts me in trouble even hanging my assignments. The other features are quite good. Display, internet speed , Looks , sound quality are impressive!!!
Good phone with enough internal memory and processor speed. Earlier I was using the S Duos now core is a faster phone with a affordable price tag. Speedy delivery from Flipkart
Very poor performance, I just bought it one month back. Poor performance of battery, hanging up, very slow processing. i have to charge it twice a day even when i do not use the net facility.
I purchased this phone from Flipkart, delivered within time period as was promised, I am very much satisfied by the service provided. The phone is also having all features as were described on the website, this is a very good aspect of service where one get the same thing as is shown and elaborated in the introduction of the same. Samsung is such a good company which has not left anything essential for a user of the phone. I am very much satisfied with the service provided by the seller and given by the phone as almost about one month has passed when I purchased this phone. I recommend this phone for users and also the the seller Flipkart.com.
This is a good phone, but battery life could have been better. I love the simplicity screen size and amazing touch performance.
nice features in this mobile equal to s4...nice features in this mobile equal to s4 nice features in this mobile equal to s4
After a long time reviewing phone I decided on Samsung and this particular model as I wanted a phone that I can put into my pant pocket and the phones seem to be getting bigger and bigger. Enough said the Samsung Galaxy Core I8262 is a lovely phone, however the battery (1800 mAh) is an issue, at first the phone battery would drain within less than a day. So then I started tweaking it out and stopping a bunch of apps from running and removing a few apps too, now the phone lasts me 24 hours. But any excessive usage would find you searching for your charger again within the day. If Samsung can use a better battery then this would be a perfect phone. That being said look out for 3rd party battery manufactures online, you will find some companies making a 2500 mAh battery for samsung and other phones with a much longer battery life. I might get one for myself later down the road.
I purchased this mobile 3 months back, Flipkart service is good Positive: Camera Clarity (5 MP) Comfortable Screen Size (4.3 inches) Good Sound Clarity on Headphones but Not Great like Sony etc.. Browsing Speed is Good Internal Memory (8 GB, 4 GB for users) Negative: Some times Lagging while playing Games Some times facing hanging problem The Mobile is Very Good with all satisfied Features, Worth Buying this Product. Thanks Vijay.R
I ordered this phone on Flipkart to gift it to my sister. Placing order and getting delivered was the greatest part of the whole deal because in last one month, my sister had to make rounds to the Samsung service centre again and again. Its Camera hangs and stops working every now and then. This is a real nightmare and joy-killer. I don't know if it can be replaced.
Best phone in another low budget after SDUOS. Best piece for people who want all features above SDOUS and not to pay as Grand
This Samsung Galaxy core is a nice mobile. And i like it to purchased from Flipkart as its delivery is good and customer care response is also nice.
its good product & best buy. samsung galaxy core is good mobile with good battery back up. its one of the best mobile under 13,000 segment.its very handy to use core.
This mobile is simple awesome and it works very well. Apps and everything does work well. Thanks for giving this mobile for best price on Flipkart.
I am using the Samsung Galaxy Core I8262. It's works superb and its Internet also fast. Its not hanging frequently as compare to other Samsung Galaxy products. Only one thing is that Poor Battery Back-up.
This phone has awesome features. But i can get 4.4 update in my galaxy core Pros: Built-in speakers, Bright display, Inexpensive, Durable, Realistic color, Lightweight
I want to purchase again n again from flipkart...... Awsum delivery , Product everything.....Cheaper then Market Rate...............................................................................................
Samsung Core is a good buy in its price range. Though quality of camera is poor, I feel with a little price hke it could have been bettered. I have noticed that camera of Samsung phone are not as good as Nokia. for same specification NOKIA camera gives you a far better quality if compared with Samsung's camera of same specification. Overall a good buy.
As usual Samsung is lethargic with software updates , if Core wants to live it has to be updated to Android Kitkat, which will enhance its usability manifold. Or it will die a natural death after Moto G launch. Using it for Past 3 Months. What I liked:- 1) Better build quality than other crapsung product. 2) Screen guard by default 3) Processor is fast for day to day use social apping and mild gaming. Temple run 2 runs lag free in limited background app environment. 4) Useful Samsung software like smart stay, Motion UI 5) Decent call quality. Very seldom you will face any drop issues but not very good in weak 3G Signal Areas. 6) Good for 3G Voice and Video calls front camera decent enough 7) Fast Bluetooth 8) VFM 9) Decent Camera quality 10) Heavenly touch 11) FM radio with recording 12) Wide angle Display. But Moto G defeats All. 13) Decent Battery life, though unsuitable for extensive usages. Better suited for mild gaming, mixed with sync, calls,Music and edge browsing. Will surely last 16 hrs. 14) Light weight compared to Moto G similar to Desire X 15) Samsung ASS Backup. 16) Camera is goodfor day to today snapping you cannot expect a killer at this price. It cant record in HD Hated:- 1) Multi tasking is good but dont expect to run more than 3 apps with background apps like SAP, Smart Stay, Easy Battery Saver, Motion UI, AVG, Life Reminders, Swype Keypad running in background. 2) Stupid headphone mode , samsung removed it in a recent update 3) Touch wiz is not as polished as HTC 4) Cant play HD MOVIES Really???? What were you thinking crapsung 5) Low PPi Dispaly HTC desire X is far superior as per display quality, and built. 6) Bluetooth EDR Profile incompatible. 7) I connected Aux output to my Car Aux in, and all sorts of static sound started appearing, means that cheap and low graded parts inside, never happened with HTC, Moto G 8) Samsung's Reluctance to upgrade android. For official use and for starters it can be a great phone but i will recommend HTC Desire X Dual sim if Front camera not required. HTC build quality is just mind blowing and hardware also exudes quality. 4.5 stars for HTC and 5 For Moto G , -1 star for Core because it cant play HD Movies and Bluetooth though fast but of inferior hardware quality, Most of the time music stutters in A2DP Mode, but voice call remains steady.
i m happy with this mobile, large screen good quality image the only thing i need to be change is battery back up. but rest thing are fine at this cost at this brand
Phone is bit slow after downloading 4-5 apps...but overall performance is satisfied...........................................................................................................................................................................................
If you're looking for a dual sim mobile phone, this is the best phone in this price range. One thing I hate the most in samsung's mobie phones is that its all the models have same kind of look n design..... grrrrrrrrrrr :-/ But I still give it 8/10.
Nice mobile this my primary mobile. battery charging is frequently required may be due to my heavy use. Rest screen is very good.
Galaxy core is a worthable mobile and the delivery also committed one. I am advise everyone to purchase this.
Everything is good except battery life if you are a heavy user. Looks awesome......I bought it in blue color that is very attractive. Go for it without second thought.
head set problem occured. can only hear in one speaker in the headphone. have logged a complained with samsung customer care.
Excellent service,nice product at a good price..Battery could have been better otherwise not bad.Very happy with the quick delivery by flip cart ,
the main reason buying from flipkart is the price differentiation of the product as compare to those which are available in the market !!!!
Phone Heats Up Pretty Fast Goes Upto 41.C Degrees When U Start The 3G Data As So Has U Turn Off Quickly Goes Down To 31.C
I got Samsung core its fantastic and the same time I feel free to use my business correspondence. Back camera clarity is superb... the only thing some time while charging handset gey little hot.. Other then that its good in everything...
Samsung core is very nice smart phone android phone other than Samsung mobile product. mobile hang are find in samsung mobile. but this mobile is better than grand and any other mobile
The phone has a great interface and runs very smoothly. The 1gb ram is good multitasking is also great. But one thing I really hate about most of the samsung core and most of them is the design and build quality. honestly whats the difference between micromax and samsung. whereas if you compare with samsung core with sony xperia M you will notice lot more nicer features.It has better design, Build quality like scratch resistant glass. Some people will say I don't care about scratch resistant glass i got a screen gaurd well let me tell you something a screengaurd is a piece of plastic which leave a lot fingerprits which you cannot remove and the same goes for the scratches.
not that great but it is OK GPS connection takes too much time to connect Features are almost kinda OK as price less expectations will be more :)
worth for money paid Price at flipkart is less than market price Pros: Ram INternal memory Camera and big screen
I have been using this mobile for a month now. I was using Micromax before, quality wise huge different, you can't compare samsung with Micromax. Over all product and features are good in this price range. Only thing I have observed is after using the device from few days, it became little slow. with normal usage battery backup is more than a day. Also camera picture quality also very good. But when comes to moving picture, shutter speed is slow. Over all it's a good phone.
Its a good phone to go for it but, Net connectivity is poor. Its disconnecting frequently... camera good battery backup poor.
A very good product with good specification. According to me its pros are: 1. pretty look, 2. decent battery life(as you can expect from android phone), 3. lack of a dedicated graphics does not matter to much for a plain gamer. Cons: 1. should be upgraded to Android KITKAT, 2. some times incoming calling shows in notification areas for apparent no reason. A friend of mine also facing same problem. The flipkart delivery is extremely super fast.
the phone is of poor quality. the rare camera has to be taken a lot of care as with one fall the camera mirror will break easily. the phone gangs a lot. even the application takes a lot of time to open. this phone sucks. I early had nokia lumia 520 which was far better than this one.
Most important thing about this product is price package for dual core and 1GB RAM. It has decent performance. Screen is responsive. I feel battery should have been bit more powerful. It even does not longs for 12 hours with 3G on. One flaw which i recently started noticing is that it camera sometime stops functioning with error "cannot start camera". Once i restart the devices it is fine. It do not happens frequently but till now in 2 months it happened twice.
good phone to use but having very bad battery back up it is a great problem samsung company should think about it
I brought this phone after consulting with several people (riends) & by reading reviews from a diffrent sources. But its gives me immense pleasure to quote my own experiance about the phone. This one is really a good phone for it's proze. Key features mentioned on the products meets the expectations. Its not too big or a too small screen phone really a manable scree. 1.2 GHz Dual Core Processor really works well. All n all I liked this prouct & I really want to recommend this to all who want to buy this. At the end thanks to flipkart for a timely delivery apart from flipkart started a in-a-day deliver hence they are unnecessarilly delaying deliveries for the standard delivery. Hence my vote is Good to go.
The handset is pretty good in performance. It is also available at well affordable price. The functions & feature is quite good compared to its price. I think you may go for this product.
Its a good Product. I think if you are looking for Dual SIM , Big Screen and reasonable price then go for this phone. The technicalities are something that are written nicely by some other people which was quite helpful, So I must thank them as well. Generally noone tell you that when you go in normal mobile stores.
Good smartphone in that price range from samsung. Camera resolution is bit OK , but in a 5MP cam, you can expect this much i feel. If many apps are open then sometimes phone hangs for a while and is fine again in few seconds.
This is the best economic phone that is available with a 1GB RAM... Its 4GB internal storage lets us install almost all the apps we need. Its display is quite good, but not a AMOLED display. But that's ok for an economic phone. The games which runs without lag are: Asphalt 7 Asplalt 8 (a little lag - but not so much of a difference) and many more.
its a good phone within the medium budget and the camera is good when im taking picture n seein it in phone but when i transferred it to pc/laptop its look Dall.
I bought this for my cousin. A usual Flipkart delivery was flaw-less. The phone has good features that any smart-phone wanting people would like to have. Battery life is also good, it doesn't lag with some moderate heavy games also. Overall good phone under 12 K range by Samsung.
I have been this phone from last few months, the kind of usage I have includes, using it a s normal phone for picking and making calls, using whatsapp, normal browsing, playing games like temple run, candy crush etc. also using it for listening songs and watching videos on youtube or other apps provided by android play store. So it works fine for all these needs, yes all of the above mentioned apps are not used frequently daily except one or two. So pretty much this phone has worked fine till now. Off late I am finding the problem with battery, need to recharge it almost daily presently. Also, the phone hung only once till now. Altogether presently satisfied with this phone given the fact it lies in the starting range of smart phones.
PURCHASED DURING NOV 2013 WORKING FINE MUCH USEFUL FOR 3G VIDEO N/W CALLING RAM, INTL MEMORY OK SERVICE BY FLIPCART NICE CASHBACK FOR CREDIT CARD RECD THANK U MURUGESAN S CHENNAI 14
I was bothered a bit by the battery issue. But after using it for about 2 months now i found battery stand is better than S2 even. Its Simply superb at 11,500 bucks. With an app gravity sensor, using the mobile gives a feel like S4. Display, Smoothness in performance, Camera, smart alert, jelly bean,.... still more features make it a smart choice. To end up, I tried all mobile brands in this range. This stood up unique among them.
its a very good phone from samsung in mid range with 4.3 inch screen. it is a idle phone for those who are not interested in larger 5 inch screen, processor is also fast enough to handle heavy games and videos. both side camera is given with flash.
great value for money . the phone looks good and has all basic applications . the camera is good too . i think its a good buy for this price range
its ithe best phone but need a update of 4.3 very soon and will rock you all !!!! flipkart is selling it on a low rate otherwise it is 14 thousand is its market price and is having very cool features :D and i like it to much but i did not buyes it from flipkart i buyed it from samsung e store becouse it gives you additinal benifits compared to flipkart , flipkart just gives you the same phone in less rrate but other additional features ae nill i am not giving stars to flipkart but only the phone
Samsung Galaxy Core I8262 was offering the best configuration at a price range of 12k. I did a lot of market research before finally settling for this one. It was surly the best choice just a month back until Moto G arrived.
The phone is OK in this price band. Display is fine for me. Battery is not so good. You need to have a good charging habit. Sometimes, processing is little slow. Need some extra time for disconnecting call and returning to normal display.
I am using core for 1 month and i can tell u that it is lag free mobile.Due to 1 GB RAM and duel core processor it can be used for multitasking. 5 MP camera is awesome it can capture good photos.It can play common games like temple run,2,fruit ninja without any issue.In case of subway surfer i faced a bit lag but it was playable.it can play videos upto 480p. U can play 720p videos with help of MX player in S/W decoding,but there is little bit of lag while playing 720p videos as the processor does not support HD videos. 1080p videos cannot be played on this mobile.So if u like to watch HD videos then i recommend u to buy sony xperia M or samsung galaxy s duos 2. Battery drains very quickly due to the use of wifi or playing games but its common in all android mobiles.I can say that it is good basic mobile.If u want to buy a mobile which has got good internal memory,RAM and u do not like to watch HD videos on mobile then this is the best mobile.If u got budget of around 14000 then i would recommend to go for MOTO G.
phone quality is good this goes to SAMSUNG.. Quick delivery of 1 day. Phone applications are working fine.
i was looking out for this phone and thinking of buying it for the past few months and when at last i got it i was happy that my wait paid off well. nice and slim easy to carry around. company should have provided with a better processor which would make this an outstanding phone. sufficient battery back up as i am person who remains outside almost whole of the day so it is good for me dont expect anything more in this price range
awesome phone with awesome specs...:) the product was delivered well within time...and the genuinity is undeniable...a better choice than the more famous galaxy s duos 2....bt as usual the battery life cud have been better....then again...this is a problem faced by all android users....so again theres no place for any complaints....
this phone is good and all application are so useful but amoled screen is better to LCD screen so i little dis-pointed.
Working fine. bit sluggish , some times restarts automatically. Screen Stucks some times for few seconds. may be default prob with android. but good package in this price.
Its a nice phone with some advanced features like smart stay,smart alert, and turn over to mute/pause. Also almost all high end games works fine and you can enjoy them. Multi- tasking is just great and there is no lag in switching between apps. Browsing experience is good and speaker volume is a little low as compared to other samsung phones like Grand, etc. Battery performance is not good. Using this phone with two sim cards with active data pack causes drainage of battery in just 1-1.5 hours max. Rest all features are good.
Its a nice phone with some advanced features like smart stay,smart alert, and turn over to mute/pause. Also almost all high end games works fine and you can enjoy them. Multi- tasking is just great and there is no lag in switching between apps. Browsing experience is good and speaker volume is a little low as compared to other samsung phones like Grand, etc. Battery performance is not good. Using this phone with two sim cards with active data pack causes drainage of battery in just 1-1.5 hours max. Rest all features are good. Flipkart service is good and this phone is delivered in just 2 days.
Phone is nice, good built, fair amount of in-built memory, screen size is just good. Icing on the cake is speedy delivery by flipkart.
1. Good phone at this price 2. Battery performance OK for light users 3. Very prompt delivery by Flipkart and I got it at lower price than best retails shops at Kolkata 4. Don't know why this Phone is getting hot when speaking over Viber/Skype on wifi or 3G. I never faced this problem with my old S 2.
Its a good handset, only drawback is, its getting heated up while using internet or games, else everything is fine.
Worth of Money for this price range. Fast enough for gaming. Very minimal lag. Optimal picture quality and 3G video calling.
Great service by flipkart - Got delivery in nicely packed box before promised date. (one day early). Great product by Samsung.
It is good and there is no problem of hanging if many applications are like other Samsung mobiles. I bought it from outside for 14 k but it is good to have less online. Click here to know more http://earnstart.com/?id=166572
I am fully satisfied with this product as my budget. Easy Accessibly is the best speciality for this Product. I felt the bad impression is that the performance of the Head Phone Sound and the Capacity of Battery. Other wise this is very good and I suggest everybody. Flip Cart is very Best online shopping Site and their service is very good. Only the suggestion from me is that please re-organise your customer care. There is no proper answer get us from their side. And also please mention the Phone number of Ekart hubs of major cities, that will help the customer to clarify the despatch of the product. ANILKUMAR COIMBATORE.
Its a decent product....user memory in brochure says 8 gb but available is only 4.75 gb. I say go for moto g rather than buying this!
It is good phone for users for normal calls,message, and mails. It is good phone and its negative only is the volume control is low.
Good product received. Well packed and shipped. Received before schedule date. Supplier is genuine. Samsung galaxy core is vale for money. Perfect size for handy use. Internal memory is sufficient and also have external card slot for enhance . Brand name with good quality in budget price .
nice mobile ordered for my dad, really good and after a lot of review in flipkart i orders this mobile, SKRPL Packing is not up to the mark, but delivery is 2 days before...
It's Samsung's best smartphone below 13k. I don't know "why it's price goes up & down everyday on Flipkart." May be because of high Demand. But it's not fare to Sell a product ot 12200 once, suddenly start selling it 12600, letting Only the customers to Pay more.
I received this phone on 4th February (received it 2 days earlier than committed delivery date) Flipkart offers lowest price in the market. This phone looks more beautiful than its phots. I am 100% satisfied with this phone. Just I started using it so I will post detailed review later.
Regarding samsung galaxy core..its not far better as we expected. Because the cellfone is taking soo much of time to open the options like when we are opening message it takes 3-4 sec to to open properly. Oney the bad thing in this fone is, it has only 824mb of ram. Moreover the fone is awesome with good specification. As of the normal persons budget. I recommend that it would be better to take samsung galaxy core instead of some high specific fone.
Bought one.. a very good phone with good features... very poor battery.. need to charge at least twice if apps are not used.. phone is kept in the charger for almost 4 hours a day. get a good quality power bank if u buy this one..
overall good phone in 12K range...Battery and camera both are good. I think loud speaker could have been better.
No HD video playback otherwise phone is good good battery backup 5 mp camera is good slim phone etc.
I using this mobile from last 3 week, its cool and nice. only one thing to share RAM is alwayes showing 80% full even after clear it. other things are suite to me.
its over a month now n nt a single problem detected..! good camera(previously i hav used sony phns n cam quality is better than sony) good battery backup(lasts 8-10 hrs with wifi/3g data usage) good screen even though screen ppi is low looks are rich(go for white one) one thing that disappoints is the rear speaker...it is not loud enough, but the audio output through ear phone and aux cable is good. voice calling n Skype(front cam is much better than expected) experience is brilliant..!! when it comes to gaming i hav played asphalt7 n it works smoothly with out much lag..!! dnt give a second thought ... go for it n u'll never regret...!! and please dnt compare it with tat micromax shit...after all brand matters..!!
Good service by flipkart!! As per specification this set has 8GB internal memory. However, I can see only 4.65 GB. Where is rest of the memory? How much internal memory space does pre-installed OS and Apps take? I suggest people to buy Moto-G better than this set (Quad core processor, 1280x720 pixel video play/ resolution, 2080MAh battery, 1.5mp front camera, Adreno graphics, 4.5inches creen) comes at same price range.
the product from samsung is good as expected.... it is value for money .... although if u r tight on budget u can buy samsung s duos which is almost at par with this .... it is worth mentioning the touch is awesome.....
nokia lumia is good Please do not include: HTML, references to other retailers, pricing, personal information, any profane, inflammatory or copyrighted comments, or any copied content
My Friend is using this mobile from past 6months, no problem I use to play games alot. He too using mobile internet continuously, battery backup is little low due to continuous internet. other than that a very good mobile.
I waited a month before giving the review. Here's my take on this: Pros: 1. Excellent looks, nice feel especially for those who do not want a huge screen smartphone. 2. Nice & easy to use OS with all the apps you can think of & need. 3. Nice video resolution & sound. 4. Nice buttons accessibility. 5. Satisfactory front & back camera with flash for back. Cons: 1. Battery heat up & very high exhaustion rate. 2. Sometimes hangs. 3. With the same price bracket now MOTO G is a comparable option with kitkat OS 4. Original Samsung case sucks. Final verdict: Had MOTO G been avl when I was buying this phone, I would not have bought it. Go for it only if you want to go for Samsung brand value at this price range.
i hv ordered this phone from flipkart n using for last 20 days. till now its performance is very good.Flipkart is also providing it in at least rs 1000/- lower price compaired 2 matket price. Ihv get rs 1200/- discount on this set. Pros- 1- ram is gud 2-look is good 3-price is good 4-memory also gud enough 5- camera is excellent few cons- 1-no hd preview 2-battery life is lower, ie, maximum 1 day in 3G, but last even for 2 days on 2G in avarage usage 3-not scratch resistant One major problem is some time, i dont know why screen is jammed, or u can say hanged for few secs n it is over after dialing the home key, otherwise its a great option 2 buy this product in this range. Till now i hv a vry gud experience using this phone. i would rate flipkart 4.8 n samsung 4.5 out of 5 ratings after using it for last 20 days.
Samsung Galaxy Core I8262 is a good budget phone. I need not worry about space problem as faced with other 4gb mem phones. Pros: Good corning viewing angles. Internal mem usable ~ 4gb. Good build quality. Cons: Apps can't be transfered to mem card. Although having 8gb internal wud be helpful. Lags a bit while playing subway surfer & other heavy games. Overall best phone in 13k budget segment.
fine smart phone in samsung games little bit strucking finally 4 ratings from my end .............................................
I were using this for a past 1 month and its just awesome. display: decent performance no lags no hangs. head phones which is in pack is dam waste. sound clarity not good..... but that's ok for me...
With plenty of options available in the market today IMO u should think of spending few extra bucks and get a good phone. I bought this one last year July, just after launch with INR 14K and got very disappointed with its performance. I've started using Smartphone from 2010 with Samsung Galaxy bought from UK and used it for 1 year before I bought HTC wildfire S, which is the best phone I used ever. Then Micromax, Galaxy core and now handed over that one to my wife due to its numerous problems and bought a Lenovo A706 with tight budget. Pros: 1) Good touch screen, HTC, Apple and Samsung are the best in class IMO. 2) Looks great and expensive one 3) Nice camera Cons: 1) Huge network problem. Sometimes network goes off with "no connection" and without informing the user for a long and eventually u can miss important meetings. This is happening with Vodafone connection in Calcutta..!! tried with 2 sims..!! 2) Sometime when I wanted to call its saying no network available in central Calcutta with Vodafone network and I need to again select the network connection as automatic or SP. 3) Poor battery life 4) Hangs quite a while Overall: very much disappointed with the phone and handed over to my wife while I'm trying with Lenovo now.
A good phone, works efficiently. Good looks as well as feels good when holding. Only battery back up is not sufficient when using GPRS. Other than that a good buy in this price range...
I am very happy with the Flipkart service as well as with the product. Galaxy core is very nice phone. If your budget is around 10-15 k then u cant get a better phone than this. All the features including camera and picture quality is awesome.
I’v been using this phone for over a month. No complaints with flipkart delivery. I bought it for its large screen size & reasonable price. However, this isn’t a flawless phone. Battery drains quickly on internet usage and the loudspeaker sound is on the lower side. Also, the back panel seems too fragile & it’s advisable to replace it with a flip cover. Yet its a good deal & worth the money.
Hey there, I got this phone especially for its Bright & Large Display ( compared to menu occupied screen in Sony Xperia M dual ) 8GB In built memory ( of which you get 4.5 GB for usage ) Decent 1GB RAM Uhmm, a little bit easy to use interface as I got it for my dad. By this time, if you are in the idea of purchasing a new android phone. I would recommend Google's Moto G (which comes in dual sim) & does come with Android Kitkat. Sony Xperia M (in the same range) is also a very good choice if you are thinking to exploit your android, comes with NFC, Pro of Snapdragon processor and Latest Jelly bean as to Core. Let me conclude, Core is the best for light users and worth the bucks. Cheers.
Let me begin by commenting on Flipkart's delivery. I paid online and got the product two days in advance to what they had promised initially. The phone was neatly packed.Lots of bubble wrap used. So a good job there by FK. The phone is pretty good for its price tag. Fast and Hassle free internet browsing.Good for gaming.Cool camera. Average display and battery. Games such as temple run 2,angry birds,cut the rope,asphalt 8,vector are really smooth. Random glitches for subway surfers alone. Positives: -Smooth -Very fast internet browsing experience -Big screen Negatives: -Slightly lower brightness -Battery could have been better(Average standby is 1 day on normal use) For my usage the brightness issue isn't a big deal. So if your criteria is just a good android phone for mid-range gaming and fast internet access,go for Galaxy Core. If you want "gaming on the go",this phone will not suit your needs. Hope this was helpful. Good Luck.
I purchased this mobile on behalf of reviews on this site, but i'm not satisfied. It's battery is bad can't take toll of 3g net, and i'm not saying to run net whole day, if we keep mobile data on then also battery consumption is very high. Its processor is not good with 1.2GHz also as games starts hanging frequently. All other features are good, i will suggest it to those who don't use phone rigoursly.
I really liked this phone with its good features, specification and a phone size 4.3 inches. But nowdays I am finding that sometimes phone screen looses all the colors and I see only colorful lines on screen and nothing. I cant switched off it - as I cant see any text on screen. I have to remove battery to switch off and restart it. How can this happen with android phone? I have heard about blue screen problem on computer/windows.
Good service from Flipkat and just loving the phone..its awesome.. Nice product from samsung as well
I bought samsung galaxy core i8262 in flipkart. The service provided by flipkart is good and I got it within the mentioned period of time. Packing was very neat and i am very happy too. Now i am expecting 10% cash back for my mobile.
Hi i have bought this phone after using Micromax canvas doodle. This phone in nowhere in comparison to that. It hangs while playing subway surfer or other high graphics game.
For the price range, possibly the best android option. Sound from the loudspeaker is on a lower side, but utility wise it is very ok. Speed is very good, my father uses it without any complaints. However heavy apps might slow down the OS, but perfectly fine for ordinary usage like watching videos, browsing net, playing light games etc. All in all, great in terms of value for money.
happy to have it. my best favorite features swype best photography - awesome portrait best WiFi sync and connectivity
The mobile is working really fine but the battery drains out very fast even thought i installed battery guru. Hangs very rarely.
Few cons I found it 1) Speaker volume is very low as compared to normal level. 2) Battery backup is below average 3) Better plastic material can be used for the mobile's back panel. Otherwise every thing was good.
just got my phone delivered yesterday, it is a decent phone , with good looks, big screen as compared to duos 2 makes it more presentable, plus the samsung galaxy series has its own advantage in touch display . If you dont want to expand your budget to more than 12k and still want a value for money phone you should go for it.
I had bought the same phone six months ago and again bought one for my in-law. The experience with the phone is very good.. we can play games without any drag.. browse well.. But when you switch on the mobile data.. it doesn't activate lot of times and you need to go to airplane mode(or restart) and return back to see it activated. I searched this on web and found that it is a common problem on almost all samsung phones. So nothing against this model in particular.
Dual core processor not sufficient for this phone Agar 1.3Dual core ka saath qualcomm snapdragon 200 hota and price 11K rehta to overall sab thik hai phone buy kiya ja sakta hai otherwise ignore kero buy nahi kerne ke liye
I think this is a very good phone and I am really happy with the performance. I will suggest to go for this phone. This is value for money.
This Mobile is very good I like this Mobile and configuration. I have resently ordered 2 more mobiles. Loving it.:) :) H
i like using it.it was my 1st time i purchased something from flipkart, i had a great experience.now ilove buying things through flipkart.i love it.
Hi I have purchased the handset on 19-jan 2014 after using it for 1 week i like the features & camrea quality is good but battery back up is worst even my usage is not more not using 3g or 2 g or the wifi but the battery drain fast so samsung should take care of it the speaker volume is also low i would recommende the users for normal use you can buy this handset but if the usage is more dont go for it bcz the main issue is battery backup samsung should do something for excepted the android processes run in the background but just like to share the experience have charge 100 % in the morning & even in 10 min the indicator shows only 90 % remaining
This phone was great deal within the range of 13000 bucks, but I found it volume slightly low as compere to normal level, otherwise every thing was good.
Nice mobile at this price..!! Screen size.. Display clarity.. Good..!! Best mobile brand.. Pretty shape..
I JUST LOVE THIS PHONE WITH SO MANY APPS AND FEATURES . THE TOUCH, SOUND AND CAMERA CLARITY IS MERVALLOUS
This phone is simply super. i never got any problem with using the phone. this is 100 percent worthble for spending money
With a dual core processor and JellyBean, this phone is really snappy. Samsung has done improvements to its touchwiz interface but it could still use some more. Overall, great phone and perfect for sub 15K.
i got this phone on jan 07 2014. good phone..nice clarity, camera. only thing is that it hangs sometimes.. i would recommend this phone. decent RAM and internal memory available to user. the only con is that battery backup too low. i have to charge thrice a day and battery leakage is too fast. battery drops by 5% within 10 mins.
I purchased this mobile recently for my frd. Its rocking and thanks to flipkart speed delivery (within 2days).
Flipkart made than again for me...the dream product... Great service and genuine product.Good experience with Flipkart.
I got this phone from a local SAMSUNG dealer and not from Flipkart. after using it for almost 3 months I am writing this review. well there is nothing great about this phone even the processor is 1Ghz and the RAM is 1 GB this phone cant even play the normal games like Temple run and other. I dont know what these SAMSUNG people think about Indians. every day they come up with a new model with a minute upgradation of the previous model. well there is no complaint about Flipkart but for this phone I will give only 2 stars.... hope this helps the new buyer.
this phone is simply super. i never got any problem with using the phone. this is 100 percent worthble for spending money
Hi,I have purchased it from flipkart & this product is value for money overall features are good,but some time got hang & batterylife is less i.e. 8 to 9 hours & if used 3G its very less. anyways buying from flipkart is good experience.
Hi, Got this product from flipkart on Dec-30, as far as flipkart service is concerned, it was good, and since i booked it in a day program, i got it delivered the same day,(wanted it as new yr gift). As far as Phone is concerned, performance of phone is good(No Hang ups/App Crashes) Connects to internet fast, Access to google Play is good. Camera(5 Mp) Images are good when taken in daylight(without flash), But in night(using flash), though images are clear, light intensity is more in images, i tries the settings, but very few settings. Also video quality at night is very poor(even with flash), did'nt expect such poor quality for such a price range and specs, Image quality was very good and crisp during daylight, thats the only plus in Photos. Also when listening to calls, the call sound was low, compared to other brands, even my older samsung was good in it, when in traffic, even using the speaker phone i was not able to clear properly, Also Audio Sound is less and ringtone sound is less, even after increasing the vol to max. On the whole the device is worth of money, since its on JellyBean, Screensize is good(4.3), browsing is fast and effortless, i did'nt try gaming so cant comment on it (My previous device was iPhone 4s, so maybe i went on in comparision, so might be its a goodpick for 12000-13000 Range) Thanks
Samsung Galaxy Core is an amazing phone. Powerful processor and 1 GB ram is very good for an entry level phone. It can play all the games including temple run. Its worth the price !!!
Purchased for wife. Doing its job perfectly. Highly recommanded mid range phone. Camera is good. In same price you are tempted to go for Micromaxs of the world but looking at the quality and after sales serives of those generics, this one is a wise choice. Have considered few micromax and karbonn models before finalizing this one.
galaxy code is worth for its price. specs are good. battery could have been better. with minimal usage also, battery doesn't last for 2 days. good over all.
Worth a buy if looking for a descent midrange phone. Good display, descent camera and good UI. Good enough for a average user. You might consider lumia 720 as an option if you are ok with Windows and can shell out 2k more :)
Overall, it is a good phone compared to other phones in this range Camera quality.... best resolution ever I have seen in 5MP
If you are looking for bigger screen and lousy android OS go for this product. There are lots of alternative available in market. Samsung after sales service is good and accessories are easily available in market or on internet.
Its a good product for this cost. But only disadvantage is battery back up. Its is little poor only.
it has been placed to 12500 and for that price range it is the best you can get from samsung previously it was 15000 but now u can not say that it is a bad qality phn
Bought the phone around one month back. Its a pretty phone. Best one for the people who are looking phone for less then 15K with comfortable size. Its well performing and m loving it. Just few problem are there that i have faced till date. 1. Sometime (happened 2-3 times till date) phone dont show the discharging status. It happened when it was 100% charged. Not evertym when its 100% but it did happen. 2. It doesn't go below 10%. It gets switched off below 10% and don't even boot if u try without putting it on current. I m not sure if it is phone or software patches/updates who is acting weird. So i still wont stop loving my phone here. Happy with the size, amazingly light weight as compared to same class phones, camera quality, video playback and all over performance. Good to buy people!!
As i thought about it, i got all that in it. Amazing speed, good configuration and best option in it's price range. Again Samsung as a big and good brand in respect of Micromax, Lava and other cheap Chinese made options, it's a really good buy. No need to say about FB delivery, I got the phone in time as expected. So thanks to FB also for it but the price was slightly high than the market rate which I compared lately. The good thing also about the phone was, i got 2 months FREE 3G data plan with it with the limit of 2.5gb per month usage. And the phone gives amazing performance in 3G in browsing and watching videos.
thanks 2 lighting speed delivery of flipkart & low pricing on HDFC cards...!> really tis samsung core phone s worth of money...! i also suggest 2 all..~ :)
Funtastic phone all features which multimedia phone have it's completly fullfilled. It having good camera. Headphone is quality is good. Interface is awesome and quite rough and tuff phone. It's all about complete satisfaction. i had purchased it 4 months ago.
its a good mobile with almost all features.moreover keeping in view the price,its the must awaited mobile.don't miss it.
I'm using this Phone for a month at least and worth a piece of money.Have tested with lot of app and this one is bingo... When used safe and any device is worthy.. The Delivery system was instant,we just ordered in the evening got that delivered the next day afternoon. Then few days later order flip cover and mem card which is very much satifactory and the delivery was as usual amazing..
ts the best phone in this price range. Very good smartphone. An awesome phone with a really fast processor.
Flipcart delivery was excellent Infact it is the best However I find amazon also offering very good deals. At times better than flipcart
Best branded phone in that price group. little problem with battery, sometime switched off below 20%. Thanks F.K :)
Folks my recommendation for all who want a good phone with low budget and yet want to enjoy the features of high end phone... go for Samsung galaxy core. I checked out a good number of phones from samsung, sony, Huawei, Zolo, Micromax and finally decided on Samsung galaxy core as my budget was 10-12k. I have tested it in all aspects used internet in 3G and EDGE and played some heavy games like temple run and subway surfers. its works like breeze... no delays no hang ..its working perfectly great. The only issue with it was the volume of the speaker is low but if one can use the right kind of audio endoding or audio/video players then this low volume issue gets sorted out. I had this problem initially but now i have installed some apt audio video players which give me good volume.
I am using this phone for the last 1month. I found there i some problem or delay in the display, when touching the application tab. It is happend more when i downloaded new application from google play.Technical reasomn may be Ram of 1GB. Because todays appllications required more ram space.Conclusion is that u cannot downloaded more & more application and if essential, then compromisng the speed. Otherwise, other features of the phone are very good e.g.Music play, HD quality,Cameras,display quality etc.means every thing are good as expecting fro smart phone. For every new purchaser, three things are more important for buying a phone: 1) Ram (more impt.) 2) Processore 3) Internal memory. Otherwise android version is itself sufficient to do 1000's of application used/ required to help/entertain in our daily life.
I buy these handset from local market in price of 13k. With 4.3inch screen, 1ghz dual core processor, 1gb of Ram, 8gb internal memory(only half for user but enough for me), 5 mega pixel with flash. Only drawback is that it's not support full hd videos of 1080p even not record 720p & 1080p but 800x400 not bad for phone like these. Its sufficient for me to play the movie that i download from torrent without any hang. Its not record 720p video but you can play 720p video in these handset with mx player in S/W mode without any lag. There's a lots of handset in these price range where u can get some more features but these is best for me in look, performance etc.
product is good, i found that that the flip cover is not the original, even i had talked to customer care before purchased it. The main thing is original item, which i hv not received in case of flip cover and screen cover.
awesome phone wat a camera everything is perfect only one problem is d battery backup[ which is common in most android phones and a little lag in games but in 13k u cannot expect better dan dis
I bought Galaxy core two months ago from a Samsung store.Actually i had made up my mind to buy Xperia M,but it was out of stock so i settled for this phone.Since i have been using this phone for two months,i think i am entitled to do a review The phone has a 4.3 inch capacitive touchscreen,dual core processor,and 1GB of ram. it runs Jelly Bean 4.1.2 and comes with TouchWiz UI on top. Looks: It looks better than most Samsung's new phones because of its compact size. Camera: A 5MP camera and a Vga camera have been provided.looks fine on paper and works better than micromax and karbonns 8mp shooters.But provision of HDR is sorely missed. DISPLAY: The display is good. 480x800 resolution for a 4.3 inch screen is sufficient and looks good. Performance: The phone has a dual core snapdragon processor(msm 8225) which sounds good but there is a catch-the architecture is Cortex-A5 which is old,outdated even.the phone can still run most games smoothly if not kept in power saving mode. the speakers are awful outdoors but loud enough indoors .Also the phone cannot play HD videos even though the SoC supports HD playback. (Tip:if you really want to play them,install VLC player.It works.) Conclusion:if you really want a phone for calls,texting and mailing with light gaming and ease of use(I forgot to mention: Touchwiz is better than Timescape and Sense put together) then go for it.but if you are gamer and in search for a better phone,then Xperia M as well as L(Krait architecture with Adreno 305=Best in range)are the alternatives. also galaxy core has been rumoured to be getting Android 4.4 update in 2014 Pros: compact slim TouchWiz Display Cons: Old processor Speaker Quality No HDR Note:DO NOT BUY the flip cover if you are buying from Samsung store. It is a waste of Money.buy the Silicone cover(N-Case,black) from Flipkart instead.it fits well and looks fantastic.
ear phone is bad bad quality it will not fit in the ear. my friends purchased out side of flipkart they got good earphone it will fit in ear.
Galaxy core is another Awesome product from samsung, features are good. screen resolution is good, phone performance is very nice. Video camera quality is not that much good.Over all nice budget smart phone from samsung.Delivered the product with in 2 days with gr8 packing thanks flipkart.
Really good one. Very competitive rate. Delivery was also in time. I should recommends others to purchase and use the same.
Excellent!!! No complaints - totally happy with this phone. I gifted it to my husband and he got totally hooked on to it. He had been using a normal keypad phone till then without whatsapp, etc and was always against trying a touch screen smart phone. But once he got familiar with all the features, he got totally fascinated by it. It's highly recommended.
Every online purchase of product requires 3 combinations, if these 3 bridged then online shopping is a pleasant one. The seller, The quality product, and the delivery. WS Retailer and Flipkart always the best in their profession. WS's genuine product and flipkart's express delivery very impressive. About the product this one is best in its series, Amble RAM, perfect OS, and display perfect, easy to handle.
The screen size and battery backup is excellent. It is a midrange Android smart phone from Samsung. Camera is good. 5 mp is more then enough of a normal day to day photography. I am very much satisfied with the screen size. It is perfect for normal size indian hands. It perfectly fits in to your jeans. Not like any 5 inch phone. 5 inch screen are not for normal size human beings. My previous phone had 5 inch screen. That was a pain, adjust your life according to phone. My personal email and business email (ibm lotus traveler) are configured, browsing experience is very good. Touch screen is very much responsive. This will be a best pick for mid range Android buyer.
I buyed this 2 months ago from my nearby shop....... it is just an awesome phone ......... it has a great smooth touch... value for money..great camera features 100 times better than "Nokia lumia"and "Sony Xperia" mobiles in this range... it is much better than""" grand quattro"""" in terms of the price i request buyers to not think on this mobile so much and just buy it either from flipkart or from ur nearby shop
The Phone is awesome, with plethora of features. Battery Sucks @ 1850 mAh, and drains like vroom. After full charge with normal usage, it will stay for 10-14 hours only.
Nice phone.. The Phone was delivered two days before the said date. Packaging was nice and good. The phone was 100% original with all the bill and accessories. I recommend this seller.
i am using this mobile since 6 months...there's lot of network issues and also cant use "Active Dual Sim", low sound, it hangs frequently. Overall rating is 3. dont buy!!!. Go for bit higher mobiles.
Its an excellent mid range smart phone. Here are the pros and cons: Pros: 1. Very sleek 2. Fits perfectly in hand. 3. Call quality and music playback is good. 4. Awesome bright display. Pics and videos come out beautifully. 5. Display clarity is good Cons: 1. Camera is OK. 2. Headphones could have been better as the provided are basic
good phone go for it little bit hanging problem .... as Samsung is known for it .... but over all good ... i am using it roughly from last 4 months bt working fine .... good camera Quality ... 4gb can only be used... rest 4 for processing ... good one....
VERY NICE AND IDEAL DEVICE BUT BATTERY BACKUP IS NOT GOOD .... BATTERY BACKUP IS MAJOR NEGATIVE POINT.............
Nice, sleek, light, and comfortable phone with solid body and samsung brand. Android interface and touch are great with good processor give a smooth performance. Nicely managed 2sims at a time technology. Best thing about this phone - good looks, 4.1 Jelly bean and killing price. Camera is pretty decent too and flipkart is super decent (as always). I mean 'wow' ;)
it is a v.v.v god phone.the net is very fast and 3g . i like this phone service centersand for those who doesnt know, this is dual active phone. not just dual stand by. of samsung is the best.so i request those pandits dont give your faltu review. go home n bye htc or other brand and experience difference when will go to sell your mobile after 1-2 yrs. 1.4 Inch Display 2.Android 4.0(ICS) 3.Dual Sim 4.1 GHz processor. 5.4 GB Internal Storage. 6.512 MB RAM 7.Good looks copied from S3. 8. 5 MP camera with flash 9. 0.3 MP front facing camera 10. Micro SD slot on the left(outside) It lack in certain things like. 1.Single core Processor. 2.No HD Recording. 3.No HD video playback.
I have purchased 4 for myself and my family member. Very nice product. Very Good Speed. Attractive look Camera Quality is ok, Features like all Android Phone. RAM is sufficient for gaming and net using Video Call - ok No hang problem. All apps will installed in Phone memory and there is no option for " move to card". Battery back up is as like other phone , In 3g less backup comparison to 2G connection.
the best selling phone in goa is samsung galaxy core ,it has all the features which the 40 thosand 50 thousand phone have .
i satisfied with this features.But little bit slow when i am using this phone in minor situations.Mobile experience is good.
Excellent Phone with Value for your money. got good deal and unexpectedly excellent delivery on time within a day.
I was using a BB bold 9780 before so I'mused to fast net browsing and fast chatting. Well typing in a touch screen can be a nuisance but with advance softwares these days the phones know what you will write in one month and prompts you.So very happy with that. performance : don't expect it to run high end games.though it does run lots of games quite efficiently.IM not much of a heavy gamer. so doesn't matter for me.NO lags so far. make sure you have utility apps on your phone , clearing the cache from time to time and freeing your ram as often as possible and properly close your apps.If you do those your phone wil be a breeze to browse. net browsing: fast very fast. depends on your connection though.Im very satisfied. battery: good id say.again use apps and shut down all background apps that drain your battery. memory: 4.7 out of 8 gb internal available. good enough unless you are a heavy music listener or a game buff. u can always extend. call quality: great, but using a big phone for long hours can be cumbersome,Thanks to the efficient headphones.talking was never easier. no noise cancellation though. screen: 4.3inches is big enough for a guy. any bigger and wont fit in my jeans.so thi si the ideal size.great resolution.decent ppi distribution.720p video compatible. camera: decent camera.not slow as many reviews say.i mean hell its a phone not a dslr.so yeah efficient enough.picture quality nice! overall its a good phone. go for it if you don't have much to spend.I remember I bought a Samsung phone back in 2010 , it was a touch screen mobile phone as well.cost me 10k back then and practically had nothing.Samsung has come a long way. well done. only con so far: phone heats up slightly on heavy usage,sometimes im palying a game while running back groud apps plus downloads this phone gets heated up. but otherwise the heating is ok.you wont notice in few days.it natural to heat up.given the thin frame it has with a dual core running inside! also you have to manually adjust the screen brightness as and when required.something my previous phone just did on its own.
I wanted a phone which would be fast enough to support browsing and working on file plus listening to music and chat, all in parallel, would fit in pocket comfortably, had an OK screen size a good cam. And this one has it all. Would highly recommend it.
According to me its not a very good phone. If you are a gamer, please dont buy this phone. Even the game subway surfers is not working well. Yes if you are an avid photographer, its a good opinion. Though it has a big internal memory and good ram, its not providing its maximum. The phone lags(hangs) many times and its perfomance gets worsened day by day. 3g is good in it. Internet browsing experience is even not good. Overall if you are a gamer-NOOOO, if you are a photographer, yes, if you wanna browse net, NO. This phone is just stylish and good camera
I got these phone from flipkart at special price at 11999 great phone all is great and who suffers from low battery backup they should install juice defender app and next I shoul also give suggestion to who are crazy to get these I want android 4.2.2 such as offered by xolo or micromax but except all good
Galaxy core is a extremely close competitive of Sony xperia M Dual. I was confused before buying. But after using the product i am satisfied with the performance it is offering with the competitive price. But i choose this to handle with one hand and you really cant do this. Samsung does not have good spec phone with small form factor. xperia M dual has advantages like it is small, have NFC, have gorilla glass, HD recording and overall look. But at the same time the accessories of Sony is expensive. And screen quality is better in Core (check youtube vid).
value for money. Flipkart provides awsome discounts. the product reached on time and was in excellent condition
Am using this fone since 6 months,it runs so fast and works so smoothly...i'll recommend dont bother and go for it.
i am using from last 4 months this is gud one on this price. If ur budget is btween 10000 and 15000 take it.
I bought one this september. Going good since the past three months. Noticed very few hanging problems. Overall a very nice phone in this range. But Samsung needs to focus on the battery performance of these products. Also 2G internet is very slow.
Bought this phone 2 days back. Its an excellent mid range smart phone. Here are the pros and cons: Pros: 1. Awesome bright display. Pics and videos come out beautifully. 2. Call quality and music playback is good. 3. Jelly Bean out of the box. 4. Fits perfectly in hand. 5. Looks good with flip cover and matte finish screen guard. Cons: 1. Camera is decent but not great. 2. Headphones are basic. Could have been better. 3. Battery goes down very quickly when mobile network is on. 4. Same form factor as other Samsung devices.
Hello freinds Rcently I have purcahed core in 12500 from fcart....this phone is very gud in this budget PLEASE DONT go IN MICROMAX OR other cell phone And also this is dual sim phone,,so double advantage I insist to purchase this phone if your budget is between 10000-13000 Please go for it Thanks
Amazing Phone .. If your budget is 11k- 13k then go ahead and buy.. Extremely fast. Good Camera. Great Battery life.. No hiccups as such.
Thanks Flip-kart for fast delivery (Only in one day), If u want a mid range android handset ,than it is best among all.
good phone for someone moving from regular mobile to a touch/ smart phone,easy to handle ,good features,value for money
The performance of the phone is...........great.....i like it.... and heating problem is avg while using net...... but i am not satisfied with its battery back up,,,......by contionus use through net ......battery will be down within 6-7 hrs..........and if they launch this set with Full HD will be great...... camera quality is superb....
Its an lovely product of Samsung, I bought on flipkart on September its an smooth handset its working smoothly but only thing is that my knowledge in this price another brands have a Quadcore processer.
The phone is great. Samsung did a good job. This phone offers almost everything what high end phone's can provide, so guys go for it. And also flipkart packing and delivery is wonderful as always.
I waited a few weeks before writing a review so that I could give a proper opinion. First off, it is reasonably slim, slightly on the heavier side (but then, its a dual sim phone, so its expected). The screen is bright and clear, the phone is very fast and the battery life is much better than expected - lasting me an entire day of moderate to high usage with 3g turned on. The camera is not so great, but i don't use it all that much. One thing to know before you buy is that the phone uses micro-sim cards. So you'll have to get the sim-cards cut down to size.
It was a awesome phone from samsung in respect to its price and features samsung has launched its one of the fabulous set galaxy core I highly appreciate this phone
Battery back up is good it comes around one and half days, Screen size is nice, net speed also nice, compare to grand handling is very easy.... overall its an decent Android phone....
Fantastic mobile. very nice display. 1gb ram is plus point. camera quality is also good. Design is ok,easy to hold in hands.
I have bought this phone a week ago. Over all performance is very nice. We can buy this phone. GUI is fantastic.
ONE WORD TO DEFINE AWESOME,GUD JOB SAMSUNG BUT COULD HAVE BEEN PRICED AT 10K WOULD MAKE MAKE THE BEST DEAL.PLZ INCLUDE ORIGINAL FLIP COVER ALSO PRETTY TOUGH TO FIND THE ORIGINAL ONE.
A great model by Samsung for youngsters. this is the phone with low cost and high tech spec. 1.Some person talking about hanging. if you open many apps which using Internet of 2G data pack, it is obvious. 2. Battery I don't find any issues in this section. if somebody is complaining then he is not eligible to use smartphones. 3. talking about low sound Sound is good but if you expect sound like china mobile then you are fool. (expecting loud sound with good battery & Android jellybean amazing., hahaha)
hi i am using this mobile from last 20 days .all the fearurs are good ,and its main draw back is battey back up ,i need to keep twice a day for charging (with a use of mp3 2 hr ,wifi.use of 4-5 hr per day ).remaining all is ok...
Recently bought one piece and regret to have done so as it restarts on its own. Gave it twice to the service center of samsung and still facing the same problem. Was asked to get the mother board changed. I am very upset as this is my first smart phone and after going through the reviews i bought it. Hope i get a replacement as i dont want any part change in my phone before i even could understand its basic application.
I brought this mobile 2 months back. PROS : 5 mp camera-- really very excellent. * Internal memory-- nearly 5GB. * 4.3 inches display. * when i was playing or using this mobile even a single time also it didn't got struck or hang.( this is one of the main advantage of this mobile) * video cutter.-- we can trim the video and we can cut the videos as photos. this is one of the feature i like in this mobile. CONS : The only reason for giving 2 * rating bcz, while i was using internet " IT IS RESTARTED ITSELF" This is main drawback. within 2 days it restarted nearly 15-20 times. After that i gave it to service center. they said that " IT IS MANUFACTURING DEFECT. WE HAVE TO CHANGE THE MOTHER BOARD". After replacing the mother board also i got that same problem. Again i gave it to the service center. but now they didnt know why it was restarted itself. And AGAIN they said that" WE ARE USING YOUR MOBILE NEARLY 2 HOURS. BUT IT DIDN'T RESTARTED" like that they said. So i asked them to change the piece. But i am waiting for their reply. So according to my view. this is very good phone. But accept that restarting problem. And also i heard that for " galaxy core" mobiles this is same problem for every one who is using this. except the piece which is manufactured in with name called " united...."(some thing is there. i dont know exactly. But started with united only) is working fine without any problem...... SO PLEASE THINK ONCE AGAIN WHEN YOU ARE GOING TO BUY THIS CORE......
brakes films in 264 H, MPEG4, not a good camera .. Applications are easy to install, I'm already using half of the year, I am satisfied, at this price, the phone is very successful.
This is a Review from a X Sony customer Yet another Galaxy with almost same features of others + : * Dual Active SIM - (exactly what i wanted) * Above 4 inch screen - pretty much all Smart phones have these days * 5MP Cam with Flash - pretty common for all Smart phones again * Motion sensors - something new * Front Cam * Metallic Bordered Finish * 1.2GHZ, 1GB RAM, 8GB Memory, With expandable SD Card Slot (good features) * Headphones provided with the Set a Fair enough (Nokia should Learn) -: * Micro Sim (Both the SIM are Micro sim) * SD Card Slot inside the Back cover * No Status Lights (Something which i likes in Sony) * Very Less powered Loudspeaker (Sony Stands Top in this) * No Dedicated Camera Button * Not able to Play MP4 Files - third party players does play them, but the Playback is not smooth enough Conclusion: Same price Tag Sony M stands well and good when u compare it with core Sony L is also a good competitor
Hi I am using samsung core from last 15 days it is average mobile. 1.) Touch is ok not good 2.) Battery back up is verry poor. 3.) While texting only message feature will be hangup.
if it provide some good features then he will take 15 thousand above cost of mobile..he thinks indians are fool..Now others company also here, provide many extra and advance feature than samsung upto 10,000 or 12,000 price..reject samsung otherwise they will not down prices of these low featured phones
It had really poor performance when I tried to run subway surfers after opening some other apps like contacts, messages etc. But now it's seems to be good and I dont feel much performance issue with it. It's 90% cost effective. My rating is as follows Performance : 4* Display : 5* Sound : 4* Battery backup : 4.5* Camera : 5* good for the price Touch : 5* And to Flipkart, you're doing an excellent Job. I got it 2 days after I ordered the Item. Very quick delivery :-)
I was looking for dual SIM and 4-4'3" screen found M dual and Core , at the time i booked Core was about 2k cheaper and had 8gb of internal comparative to M, but looking toward camera ,built and hardware i find M has better and also M fit and finish is better, And everyone knw that samsung is the same everywhere , go for it if ur a fanboy !!
a good phone by samsung. worth.Camera is good.Battery backup is also goo.Samsung interface is awesome.android jelly bean.games r woking fine.
I am using this phone since last 15 days. Its a good phone. 3g, wifi, 1 gb ram, 1gh processor, battery life 12 hours normal usage, does not hang, cost 12500/-, easy to operate, light weight 124 grams, 4.3 inch display, branded company.
Hi, I have ordered Samsung Galaxy Core on 11th Nov'13 by night with the help of Flipkart executive as I mostly preferred Chic White color. I am very happy on Flipkart service and the delivery was made on 13th Nov'13 morning... Amazing !! Thanks Flip kart Team
Good to have this mid range phone with easy user interface and accessibility. One can check with others model but its hang sometimes while gaming, overall exp. is good .
Product is good. Finishing is ultimate. Touch is good. About performance, can't say now as it's too early to tell about performance. Android is good. Features are so nice.
ONLY CAMRA IS OK OTHERWISE ALL THIS ARE WRONG WHICH IS CLAIMING BY SUCH A BIG COMPANY I AM USING THIS PHONE SINCE LAST ONE MONTH I AM NOT SATISFIED WITH THIS PHONE PL DONT BY ,PL GO FOR MICROMAX XOLO,KARBON IBALL
Well flipkart priced it very higher.. i got it at samsung smartphone cafe with a offer too.. About the fone : its very nice in all aspects, camera is nice with auto focusing of objects internet speed also good display n screen sensitivity - excellent It is better than the other phones in this range like xperia-M n all.. I am not saying that this device has no problems, but they are negligible. (Like battery back up - exact 1 day) For the ppl who r confused between xperia m & this phone, I suggest you not to think twice and just get samsung galaxy core.. Total value for money
i have baught this phone a week ago i am satisfied this samsung device i am a hrdcore gamer.. gives battery life 2 days on calling and music (without net) ... over all it is better than grand bcuz of its small size and there is a little differnce in camera quality of both fones .... however rom of device is very heavy useless apps like book reader, chat on are given which cant be removed which slows the phone on heavy use but it doesnt hang
Its camera is awsome quality no hanging , all HD 3d games suppots 720p videos play in mxplayer front camera is also gud for video calling 4.3 inches display for gaming and movies and reading pdfs online ............ sleek design easy fits in pocketsthe people who prefer for Branded one can go for this others can go for xolo q800
Hi all Samsung Galaxy Core I8262 purchased on August 2013, and not even 2 month it started parental traits... it gets hanged and sometime it works fine, the error message is always on you display... and it has all the feature but its misses to be a phone
hello friends i have this mob since last month.it has great and wonderful screen resolution and good camera quality u dont need to carry extra digital cam.it good and awosme....
i have using this phone since last two moths. i didnt find any problems yet.im happy to own this phone really its awsome
This product is perfect for those who are looking for a SUPERB phone in less budget. If your budget is around 13000/- then go fr it. I think some body will think about micromax..... but even you can get larger screen in micromax but inspecting everythng (RAM,Int Mem..etc) samsung galaxy core is better....
Supports upto 64 GB external memory (check samsung site). I have been using it for the past 1+ months... as said in reviews, I donot see any problem with battery backup, it lasts for full 9 Hrs duration, with features like GPS, data all time ON with mails configured, 1 to 2 Hrs. of voice calls etc. Hope people are aware of a feature which will enhance the audio during call (on handset) as I heard in reviews that the audio is low during calls. This feature is availabel during call and it is a round button when pressed will enhance audio also note am not talking about "loudspeaker" option. I haven't tried any games with this phone but am sure it would work well as am able to play few of them like subway surf, Temple run2 etc. on a 1Ghz dual core processor without any lag so it should be better with this 1.2Ghz dual core processor. Also ther is no heating up of phone either as already stated in some reviews.
A good smartphone according to its cost. If you have a budget near to the cost of this mobile, this is the best one for you. However, if you are a person who loves gaming, chating and other applications, then look for something else as just like galaxy grand it also gets hang a lot.
Its worth taking this phone. Works perfectly all right. No problem at all. If your budget fits this price then go for it.
I am using this phone for last one month and the quality is absolutely good. Though this cannot be compared with high end phones like S4, S3 or Experia, for a phone at this budget, it is worth buying. With a 1 GB Ram, this suites all basic applications for business as well as personal purposes. One disadvantage is this doesn't support HD Videos. If you are looking for perfect gaming and HD Videos, opt for smart phone with quad core processors.
Idont understand why all others say that it is not a featured phone i must really say that if u r budget is upto 13k then cliose u r eyes and go with this phone. My sister and my friend both have this phone and i use it upto 1 week its an asume phone. It has lots of features it also contains smart dual active sim. the cam quality is at his best it gives the original 5 megapixels clearity. i must say if u want the budget phone bwtween 10k to 13k den go with this phone.
I bought this months back, i found the maximum needs it will help you hands, good picture quality in 5MP, and battery back up 18hrs without any doubt. and i found 1GB ram more than enough for all your applications which you mostly used. 4.2GB internal memory helps you alot. The internet access of 2g is really superb and 3g is almost equal to modem. able to download 50MB in 40sec Good handy and stylish mobile just like S3. I bought this for gaming and my office use. its really helping my daily needs like a good friend. buy this as dream mobile it surely fulfill your dreams.
more battery back up com paring to others same internal memory,ram like quattro low price same flash and camera quality .3 variation n size slim and less weight video rec also same ppi screen quality also same only sound quality s low ( ok no below ok ) so no prob v can buy this instead of quattro,ace 3,s advance, s duos,......
nice phone at this cost u can find all the useful features on this phone lus with such a good price good work samung and thanks flipkart fo such early delivery u guys rocks
little costlier but features are gud camera looks nice, good phone of that cost
Samsung has worked extensively on the music app of this new series. The music coming out of the headphones easily beats other handsets and even competes with S3 in terms of quality. The picture quality is fine as far as 5MP camera is concerned. With features like eye sensor and gravity controls, it's just a mini version of S4. Not to mention the phone is quite sturdy as well unlike its predecessors. Even after falling so many times on marble floor, it didn't sustained even a single dent over it. Just place together the pieces like in NOKIA 1100 and it starts working again ;)
I buyed this mobile just two days back from mobile store. it is a pathetic mobile phone i have ever used. Its battery just get discharged in just 5-6 hrs after full charging and then after just 3 days, it start giving problem and now it is not getting charged and I have submitted it to the mobile store and they have said that they will check with the service centre. I don't know they will replace it or repair it, but , it is pathetic, battery back up is too poor, touch is not smooth. So dont waste your hard earned money on buying this mobile phone.
The phone is good enough in tech specs, resolution, ease of use. Only problem I am phasing is the battery back is so low..
I bought this phone a month back and i have just one word for it, awesome!! The games run seamlessly, battery backup is ok, nothing spectacular though, the camera and video quality, as expected from samsung is top notch, speakers are good and in general so fa i havent experienced any problems, i would say that in this budget, this is one of the best phones, perhaps THE best phone!!
I was always fascinated by S3 and Note 2 and wanted to buy any one of them, but their price made me to drop the idea. This phone fulfills some of my desire of S3 (looks).Phone is superb. Its sleek and elegant look gives you a rich feeling.Picture quality is amazing, though its not HD but it's good. This phone lacks when it comes to performance.It is only available in dual SIM mode, which reduces its performance.Battery backup really disappoints.Using some applications like Facebook,WhatsApp and others for sometime significantly reduces battery,hence it is advisable to keep charger handy when using applications for longer time. Music is not as loud as compared to Sony,but its fine.I will rate it 6/10 here. Overall phone is smooth.If someone wants smartphone with stylish looks,good performance,good camera,then go for it.
This fone has its set of problems..but none of them big enough to dissuade you from going for it. You get the reliability of Samsung, plus ground breaking performance taking into account the price range its available in. The dual core 1.2 ghz cortex A5 CPU packs a punch. Games like Dead Trigger, Asphalt 7 and Temple run Oz run without a hitch, and OS associated lags are rare and negligible. But the best thing about this fone is its TFT capacitive display. Amazing color depth with a 217 ppi pixel density, it is beautiful! Plus the touch is extremely responsive and slick. One of the few short comings i noticed during my 3 weeks of use is the battery life. The stand by time is fine, but running apps and using mobile data drains it pretty quickly. Plus, even though the device claims to be dual sim, using both the sims together ain't a very good idea as the device performance suffers. But overall, I would definitely recommend this to folks who are reluctant to go for micromax but dont wanna compromise on performance. Just keep a spare battery handy ;)
Phone is very good. using from 1 week now. Its my 3rd android phone. Got a better deal though from mobile store... so bought from there. Any ways... with 1 GB RAM / 1.2 GHz Dual Core Processor / 4.3 " Screen / Dual Sim.. believe me guys... its a worth good deal around 11.5k-12k. 4 stars from me.
I am in the process of buying a smartphone. My budget is around 12-13k. My search ended with few options and one among it is this phone. I went to the local store to see how it looks physically in the hand. And I would say that it looks very good. Plus its light weight and very thin. Played with it to see the touch response. It was ok, not that great. I am having this in the list and will be making a purchase this diwali (waiting for offers :) ) But then I saw LG Nexus 4. This phone has deadly specs. 2GB RAM, Gorilla glass, 1.5 GHZ quad core processor. Its price is around 20k now. But looks like Nexus 5 is round the corner. With its release the price might drop at least in USA. If Nexus 4 is available at around 14k, then I want not give any second thoughts. Also I found Nokia Lumia 520, interesting. Its good and flows seamlessly, windows 8 is refreshing. Also found and awesome deal for this on www.zordaar.com. Phone was available for Rs. 7790/- only
This product are extra ordinary. As well as this budget are well and good. ?..................................lllllllllllllllll
First of all Flipkart's service is excellent. Now about the phone: This phone has good features and hardware. There are many sites which will give you list of features. Those are sufficient for a mid usage user. We have not experiences hand, lags this phone as of now. It plays pretty graphic intensive games pretty well. 3G speed is also goods on Idea network. Touch is also quite responsive. Dual SIM management is also as per user's need. Audio quality of phone is good while talking and music player. The feature with which I am impressed most of Samsung is Music Square. It scans your music files and creates a 4x4 matrix of Passonate vs Joyful & Calm vs Exciting The only thing which is missing as per my opinion is Auto-brightness feature, but again it is a feature missing not a flaw.. Rest be assured this is a good phone at this price.
I have bought this product from Flipkart.com one month ago.. it is really nice phone..medium budget....micro SIM (Dual Standby) and its 5 MP Camera is really cool..i have taken some pictures of Durga puja (biggest festival of bengal) and somehow it clicks the photos better than low end digi cam also. charge stays near around 18 hours after a full charge and full use.. Finally if you looking for a smart phone then do not go to any other brand..SAMSUNG is the top of all within medium budget...
Very Nice Budget Phone. A complete hassle free package. Bought it for its bigger battery & its performing better than expectation. Battery lasts for whole day even with wifi & 3g usage. My first order from flipkart,got it before time.:)
This is indeed another excellent phone from samsung. Coming straight away to the most important aspect (atleast for me) i.e. GAMING : --> Gaming experience is, to my surprise, AMAZING. This phone has so much to offer with its small, but ligtning fast Adreno GPU. --> It's 1.2 GHz dual core processor is zippy and performs on an equal stage as compared to larger and costlier phones. --> I have played games like FIFA 14, Ironman 3, Assasin's Creed, Need for speed most wanted, and let me tell you, the phone outperformed my expectations. The games ran smoothly except for rare glitches. At the price which Flipkart is offering, you just can't resist this phone. Go for it
I bought it from local market. Pros. 1. 1.2 GHz Dual core gives good performance, even in high quality games. 2. 1GB RAM is a good deal when it comes to gaming and running applications.(but the shows only 842mb RAM) 3. Screen Size is good, lower than Grand, but high than S Duos. 4. Good GPU and screen resolution. Even plays Temple Run 2 without lag. 5. 5MP cam is also good. 6. Interface is good. 7. Android Jelly Bean 4.1 is amazing. 11. Front cam also there.(good according to me) I did'nt make out any Cons in this phone till now(using approx. 1 week) Best phone around 13k . Video Quality is smooth in 720p Also people say 1800 Mah battery is not good for an anderoid smart phone but they r wrong.It went on for the whole day on wifi without any draining People looking smart phone around 13k BeLiEvE me It is the best phone.
Pros: Superb camera Slim design good viewing angles of the screen Cons: Free internal memory only 4.7 GB, there should be at least 6 GB free for user. There is no 720p video recording and shots low brightness.
All those guys looking around for a decent phone in affordable price , this is the phone to buy. PANASONIC has also launched some great offers and deals in this festive Season.
I bought this phone for INR12,800 around 3 weeks ago. Specifications-wise it's the best phone available for this price though I feel that it's not the best looking phone among others in its price range like Xperia M and Lumia 620. I haven't had any problems with the phone as of yet. It works just fine. It runs most of the games smoothly but there are sporadic lags (while playing Temple Run especially). Touch is pretty good. Camera and speakers are ordinary. I haven't used Xperia M or Lumia 620, so can't compare it with them.
Nice mobile in this range. all specifications provided r upto date . If anyone want to get Android jelly bean in less price then it's a Excellent phone .
its a good phone with great specifications... no matches in this range... battery backup is not very good.. 8gb internal memory is great... slim phone chic white is looking awesome...
good phone but not best in price range i have purchase these phone in august experia l is better option for buy but i want to tell about phone clearity which is exellent the voice is not clear in speaker. the camera clearity is good but feature is not i like very much. experia l have better feature overall this phone is avarage phone
Excellent phone, very nice looking, fit into pocket and price is also good. I had a choice like I am getting more configuration in low price but I took this mobile because I want to stick with Samsung and as usual it is the best brand and deals with best products.
wonder full phone with all useful features. best in class. excellent net connectivity. all practical uses. very handy and sleek design. video and images are of good quality. children enjoys game with it. size of screen is quite big. message facility is also nice.
really great mobile as per price........i m using it from last 7days i installed so many games bcs i m gamer like temple run a-2 both asphalt 6-7 subway etc all are very smooth....i m also socked by low reviews........the people who gives low reviews are may be salesmen of other company or they are fool who don't know how to use android mobiles.........
I purchased this phone from universal @ 13 K Now come to the point - This phone is having almost all cool features at this price. Just look at its specs which I like most - 1. Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean 2. 1.2 GHz Dual core Processor 3. 1 GB RAM (842 MB available to user) 4. 8GB internal storage (4.75 GB available to user) 5. 4.3 inch high quality display (screen is not too big - not too small) 6. Touch is awesome. I didn't face any lag between touch & action. 7. Rear camera with Flash & many photo features (timer, shooting mode etc). 8. Front camera is also fine when I tried it on skype. 9. Wireless & Wifi hotspot can be made. 10. Call clarity & signal reception of this phone is very good. 11. Battery backup is 1.5 days for me with medium internet usage. If I don't use wireless/mobile data then battery lasts for more than 2 days. 12.Support 720p video like 3gp,mp4, plays in vlc player. 13. Does not support mkv file.
This is a very good mobile from Samsung. It has got all the features and best in performance, looks, gaming and everything we do in a mobile. I have been using this mobile since 2 months and till now faced no problems in this. Excellent camera, looks, gaming support everything is "the best".. Must buy if looking for a mobile in mid-range.
M writing this review after using the mobile for around 5 days, Internal memory usable is 4.75 GB, RAM available free is around 350-400 MB. The mobile is fast, no lag while playing any high end games, touch response is pretty good.features are good, speacially the smart syat in which screen wont turn off as long as ur looking at it, i tested it and it really worked. thats all abt the mobile. Flipkart delivery was at it's best ordered on sunday late night and received on tuesday evening.
It is a good online shopping .flipkart stores packing was very good . the mobile also nic . one backward step is there .for galaxy core mobile i expecet the buds type ear phones .but normal ear phone was came .i really disoppinted .its very sad .
Now a days this model comes up with VGA as Secondary Camera... Ref: samsung site .. regards HRao...
This mobile phone is amazing which is brought to us by flipkart.com. Trust flipkart it is much better than other online shoppers. I got this phone delivery within 3 days which is unbelieveable. Thank you Flipkart Team for this amazing phone. AB FLIPKART KARO ....
this is an amazing phone please dont compare it to shit phones like xperia m whose internal memory is 4gb.
I think this phone is value for money for sure! Features, display are superior, battery performance (with 3G & 2 SIMs) is satisfactory, sound (in call and headsets) is good. The only hinderance is speaker sound. It is a let down and doesnt work when the phone is kept with screen upwards. Other than that, I would surely recommend it to those who are looking for a good phone in the 12k-13k range.
13240 for an Dual core cortex A5 chipset & Adreno 203 GPU??? too much. Huawei Y300 has it except 1gb ram & Dual sim option which comes @7.5k Under 13k budget if dual sim not required Samsung S advance could be sourced. Or Around 12.5k get Sony Xperia M[dual core Krait ] which is very powerful. At 14.5k you can get Sony Xperia M Dual[dual core Krait] with dual sim. Invest your hard earned money wisely.
I bought this phone 1 month back. So far i am satisfied with the phone. Phone has just the right size , fits well in the hand, display is good, very nice touch interface- its butter smooth.Battery is good considering my usage- approx 3-4 hrs of talk,approx 2 hrs gaming whole day watsup,facebook ,email and internet usage.It drains only by night.5 MPCamera is good give descent pics even in the dark. I have played subway surfer , temple run2 and it worked smoothly without any leg.Internal memory is 8 GB but only approx 5 GB is available for use which is more then sufficient for apps and games.There is only one issue which i have faced is some time the mobile network indicator doesnt display the actual strength of the network and it shows full and moment you picked the phone in your hand in about 4-5 mins it shows the right signal strength.Other then this it is an awsome phone with good performance and with lots of feature.At this price this is the best cell phone in the market backed by a strong brand name.
I HAVE SAMSUNG GALAXY CORE...IT IS GOOD...ALL FEATURES AND APPS ARE PERFACT...I LOVE IT... CAMERA IS TOO GOOD
looks like mini note 2... extremely light n comfortable to hold .. n yes pockt friendly as it can fit into ur jeans pocket.. ok leave that feature wise its good screen is fluid.. the touch is awesome.. battery is good even on 10 percent battery it can go beyond 3 hours.. the only con is it gets heated when playing hd games and consume games. otherwise excellent sound quality n compatible with Panasonic n Philips headsets.. love the look n style n yes the unique blue color as well the software auto update is good it hangs s bit when over used or tooo much background apps running for that u can just clear ur cache n close ur unused apps.. the phone does a pretty good job otherwise.. i love it.. i wud rather prefer this over samsung s3
I bought this phone for my wife, used it myself and is working good basic works, im not a heavy user, some internet and calls only, looks are decent, bit on lighter side which feels a Chinese mobile in ur hand, cell is working good.
I did not buy this phone from flipkart but bought from a local shop. I am using it since 10 days now. The screen clarity is superb, it has no light sensors so you will have to adjust the brightness manually, however its easy. Touch screen is very responsive. The nevigation on screen is without lag, voice clarity of calls and songs is good, the front and rear cameras are good especially the 5 mp rear camera is very good with clear pic quality. Flash works good for taking pics in low light. Wifi and internet browsing is smooth. The battary lasts for a day with heavy internet usage which is common in android. I am not interested in gaming, so did not test it for games. Videos on youtube play without lag. I am giving it 4 stars and 1 star is deducted for not having auto brightness adjustment feature and no noice cancellation feature. Otherwise overall the phone is great.
me and my frnd bought this product together...m in love with this phone..it is just fabulous...nice camera quality (including Front) high speed gaming...full Hd video support....just go for it i bought it for 12600
Good product , Day 2 - since i bought the product no issues , great performance , good resolution , light in wieght , well sized not too big and not too small. the OS is great . Got my self a 16gb sd card waiting to go ballistic. Camera is good the screen response is good I had reviewed 6 top phones under 15k budget and this is the best
Hi guys , Just wanted to write a review about this mobile which i have been using since 2 weeks. I didn't buy this mobile from flipkart , bought it from a local store. This mobile has some good and bad features. Good things are the internal memory (8gb, usable 5gb), very bright display, smart stay feature, screen size (4.3). Now the bad things, phone gets a little heated up while charging and after playing HD games, lags a little bit even with 1gb of ram. Thats all. If your budget is within 12-13K go for this mobile. DONT buy XOLO or MICROMAX, their after sales service is pathetic and horrible. Thanks.
No cons at all. Great phone from samsung phone for 13k. If you wanna buy samsung galaxy core just think about the color to which u need to opt for :P :P I am completely in love with it :D :D
Bought this mobile a week ago. As expected there were negative reviews. Ignoring the negative reviews i still went on to buy the mobile because for the price range the config was good. Cons: Camera/ video recording very poor in low light. So called LOUD SPEAKER was not at all loud. Gets heated when playing games. Connected to my system and mobile starts to freeze. On disconnecting got a message that 'touch wiz' is not responding. Then had to remove battery and put it back to get the mobile functioning. My friends sony erricson mobile with 3.5 MP CAMERA is better than this phones camera. I am not a mob geek, but i can tell from experience that this phone is not worth buying.
In love with this handset. At this low cost, Samsung has produced one of its kind awesome handset.It got everything you want from a smart phone and u get it at a small price compared to the service it provides. * Beautiful body and light weight * Fast processor * Compatibility with every app * Drawback : connectivity with PC with older versions of OS not supported * Battery life a bit on the lower side, not living up to the expectations
i have been using this mobile for the past 2 months..Everything is great except for the following Battery life not great..if u use 3G,u might need to charge after 5-6 hrs of usage. plays HD videos but its like watching in slow motion.. except those,this model is worth buying!
Got this phone in time. Great delivery from Flipkart. This phone is a dynamite. I have played so many games. light and heavy ones too. Video viewing is good and songs play very nicely though it doesn't support few formats which I had to convert accordingly. With time contact and call logs open with a bit of lag but surfing through 3G is very good, especially video calling is awesome. Overall I would recommend this phone if anybody is looking for a budget phone which does almost everything like a high end phone. Go for it. Otherwise I would suggest to wait and look around a bit more.
My Samsung Galaxy Core I8262... within 2 weeks..the speaker does not work and the mike does not work, n No I didn't drop it. I can hear ringtone but i cant hear music from the cell. I can hear the voice of calling party only if I put it on speakers, otherwise the sound does not come. I can talk only if I can use my speaker phone..or else the other party cant hear my voice. Given for repairs, it will take 3 days for the part to arrive...Cant believe the quality can be so poor of Samsung cell phones. I really want Samsung to replace the piece what do I do?
What to say....there are many faults in this phone.... as this phone is made for Indian market so this could be happen... 1. With Dual SIM, network is not permanentaly available as I have see every five mins that phone is in network or not 2. While playing games it gets like a HOT PAN" 3. Voice calls are getting disconnected automatically 4. Wrost bettery life, have to charge it twice a day 5. Hopeless using internet browsing There are still many points to write down... Please Flipkart remove this product as it is not worth for a single star.... SAMSUNG please do not fool Indian people.....
Going straight to the pros...very easy to handle cz of its slim nd lightweight body... Looks awesome in its Metallic Blue colour...(dont go for d white, its too common). As i said in the title, perfct scrn size... its neither too small like Samsung S Duos,, nor like 5inch Grand... with 4.3inch, its a very comfrtable one... 1.2GHz processor... Overall..i'm in love wid my device... Best value for money...... best phone at this price range.... Go for it..
1. EXTREMELY SATISFIED WITH PROMPT DELIVERY AND PACKING. 2. GOOD MOBILE WITHIN MY BUDGET OF UNDER RS.15000/- 3. GREAT FEATURES. SOUND AND FAST DUAL CORE PROCESSOR. 4. JUST THE RIGHT SIZE TO FIT INTO POCKETS. 5. THE METALLIC BLUE COLOR IS ELEGANT. THANK YOU FLIPKART AND THE VENDOR.
hi guys i recommend no to buy this phone because of the main two disadvantages in it 1.frequent restarting of the mobile 2.it is getting heated up very quickly while playing the game i bought this mobile one week back by seeing its specifications but i am regretting now for buying this mobile for 13250....................... i think this mobile is not cost worthy.......................
its battery backup is very low. i thought 1800 mah will good bt its not. i charge it again and again. its all features are good but only battery , i don,t expect that. i m feeling so bad after purchase it. if you want long battery life don,t buy it.
I paid about 13k for the phone and got a free Samsung bluetooth headset. After using the phone for about a week, my first impression is that its impressive for the money I paid. 1. Voice clarity and call quality is very good - this is most important criteria for me (it does not have noise cancelling feature - however I did not feel the need). 2. Dual sim works seamlessly, this was again an important criteria for me. 3. Android JellyBean 2.1.2, 1.2 GHz Dual core processor and 1 GB RAM more than enough for all the apps I run (I am not much into mobile gaming) 4. Contrast and brightness is good enough for outdoor usage. 5. I was comfortably able to use the GPS from inside my car, although the GPS lock was not instantenous (there is no GLONASS, and Galaxy S3 might have spoilt me here!) 6. Would have loved corning gorilla glass, but then that would shoot up the price. Overall I am extremely happy with the buy - a very good value for money. I would highly recommend this to budget conscious buyers, who are not chasing for high specs just for the heck of it!
First of all thanks to flipkart team far such a quick delivery. The phone is awesome and runs smoothly but only draw backs are it supports micro sim, and the phone needs gpu for certain games Apart from phone the Bluetooth headset that i got from flipkart free of cost comes out to be faulty as its mic doesn't work. so i given a complain and waiting for their reply. As a customer i expect much better service than this from flipkart.
its very awesome mobile and very fast performance and work very smooth... the blue color is very very good looking...its comptlt bettr than lumia and sony... is very soft for handling and understanding .....i very coolllllllllll...
I bought this mobile on 30-Aug-2013. Still i am not facing any problem with this mobile. Battery also good (withstanding for 2days) for normal use. Daily 1hr for calling & 1hr for wifi & 8hrs for sms :-P I am not facing any hanging problem in my mobile. Its running temple run game without any problem. Net browsing is very excellent via wifi (i dont know about mobile data). Camera quality is not bad. Sound quality is little bit less. About dual sim: you can not able to receive a call in sim2, while you are using sim1.
The features doesnt justify the high price which Samsung is charging... Happy with my Canvas HD. Would not mind to go for Canvas Doodle 2 paying 3 k more, than buy this phone. Micromax Canvas series phones are value for money. If you are tech savvy and believe in value for money, you would do an apples - to apples comparison on specifications and then you all would believe in my words.
The phone is handy and fits well in gentleman's pocket. Specs are great. I tried installing most of the trendy games/heavy apps and the phone works flawlessly. Can say a performance oriented phone with smart features indeed. Battery lasts better. At this price, I don't think there is any better alternative to end up with. I strongly recommend for those who don't like Bigger screened phones, can buy the CORE for sure. I bet it will never let you feel regretted.
hey guys.. Dont ever buy this phone.. 1.Does not support any of HQ or HD video format. Just think..if 4.3inches display with dual core processor does not support 720p video means that phone totally sucks. 2. I own Galaxy Core I8262 (dual sim) I have serious lag at all games subway surfers,temple run
Firstly to start with the delivery. Got my phone in 3days time. Kudos flipkart! All samsung designs are the same. A decent phone in the mid-range. The Specs are pretty satisfying. But the performance is not that satisfying. The antutu benchmark gave me a meager 6000-7000 considering its has a dual core 1.2Ghz processor. Just installed Subway Surfer on my mobile and the game was pretty laggy. The graphics are pretty good, but the performance and gameplay is not that good. So if u can extend your budget a little more the Samsung Galaxy Grand Quattro would definitely would be choice
I bought this phone 1 month back.The apps run smoothly no problem in that.But this phone is not for gaming.I am a gaming freak and i bought this phone thinking that dual core 1.2 Ghz will give no lags.But Subway Surfers lags heavily in this phone.The Graphics is Adreno 203 which is the least Samsung could provide.I am dissatisfied by the GPU and gaming performance of this phone otherwise the apps run fine. Music Quality is also very good.Multitasking may cause it to lag a bit. Again its a personal choice.Go for this eyes closed if u want a phone for normal usage and not for gaming.
samsung theory is made for penny and sold for plenty.it has been always overpriced and once after launch its price show sharp fall.my frnd brought samsung galaxy s duos for around 13.5k now its price is around 9.5k this is incidient of about 5 months. in some phones sim 1 supports 3g while second one does'nt ..... same design same specs it has lead to boredom. s4 heating issues. after paying around 35k what do u expect a phone which has hundreds of bugs?????? .GO FOR MMX KARBONN
I dont know why some people are giving bad reviews im also a buyer of galaxy core but it lagged only few times not like crazy and ive played dead trigger, real racing 3 , asphalt8 and nfs most wanted on it i dont find any lag gaming was smooth so i suggest this phone but there are some cons: the apps cannot be shifted to the sd card so i observed you can download 3 heavy games on it say of 1gb or 800 mb like that as the internal memory is 4gb. so go for it and if you want to play more n more games i recommend you to play psp games on this phones by downloading android emulator ppsspp from playstore im sure it will work ive played pes 13 psp on my core and i loved it so go for it for this low price...
one of the good phone to see but the details of the phone are not correct that is the internal memory is not 8gb its only 4gb it hangs early the biggest drawbacs wastage of total money go for grnd its best
I purcahsed this phone on 16/8/2013 and on 21/8/2013 phone is getting restarted by itself... in two cases 1) when i talk more then 10 mins 2) when i access internet.. other problems are as follows application hangs, games get stuck etc... this all bloody problem i purchased for Rs.13000/-. Action taken:- when showed to service center they updated software and within an hour again it was restarting. When asked technical support on toll free number they advised me to go to nearest service center...... In short its a USELESS PHONE.
Samsung Galaxy core I8262 have wonderful features,but apart from this there is high mobile radiation, I am suffering with lot of "Headache" when the mobile is near to me , or when playing Games, or During talking. Please dont buy this model.It is a real time experience for me.
It is a beautiful phone with many features and just now it is the best mobile under 15k. Thanks to Samsung for providing a superb phone.Sometimes it hangs but all the android smart phones however costly it would even they hang.Battery life is good if you use a lot then you have to charge everyday once otherwise battery would last long.I am using it from 10-12 days I don't find any problems I am enjoying it it is an excellent,amazing phone and all the features of the phone are listed on flipkart. Overall a amazing and a master phone.
Its the Phone you should go for without any Worries. Flipkart delivery was just great. I would recommend this to all SAMSUNG FANS and also to those who are not SAMSUNG fans. Buy this phone and you shall come to know why SAMSUNG leads thew market of Smartphones. Smart people at Samsung making Smartphones at sensibly affordable prices. Works GREAT... JUST GO FOR IT
I bought it two days back for 13200 chic white, and i am very happy to get this phone. Phone is good and its able to play all games ( Temple Run 2 and others) smoothly. I'm not sure why its showing 16000 price for this phone sold by MobileBazaar.
I am using samsung galaxy core, and trust me it is the best samsung galaxy phone at the price of 13000 INR. Camera is average , but i have no issue with that because as a phone the camera quality is OK. it can play all HD games . Good RAM and got nice Looks too.. I love the BLUE colour as i hate the White phone except i-Phone... You can purchase this phone without hesitation..
Samsung Galaxy core is best mobile under 15k with 1.2 dual core processor and 1GB RAM it is outstanding. Almost all games and applications works smoothly. If Someone is going to buy mobile under 15k then I will strongly recommend this one.
Nicely built up and good looking phone, has convenient 4.3 screen which is neither small nor too big. Responses nicely and better body than S Duos. Processor is well and sound is good. OS is the best part ...... Delivered on 2nd day, bought it from WSRetail
after reading so much negative reviews i afraid to buy this phone. But after buying this i realize that reviews are not always ultimate truth. Pros: great display though it is TFT. good sound in earphones 1 GB RAM. works fastly Cons No HD video recording but i have camera so doesn't matter. some guys say sound in speaker is not good but it is not that bad. so overall phone is great but before buy this check Sony Xperia M.
all thinks are based on luck...ma apple also not wrkng properly...so dnt want to blame any other manufactures....i mso fine with core...dnt knw about you guys..better you go to nearest shop and ask to shopkeeper about the feedback...please dont rely on reviews..these are not facts, not all
Since I had some time my friend asked me to suggest a new mobile for him, that is the result this review !! Folks, I am upset after seeing the review, I brought the product its works perfectly and serves the need. The hardware specs will not give anything when it comes to real time handling. if you look for some tight budget phone at the same time you don't need to compromise go for it. can any one name any other phone with 1.2 GHz processor with 1 GB ram at this price at branded product. This phone also having some concern, I hope no manufacturer can but a phone that satisfy everyone.
best mobile only some problems 1.screen should must be 4.5 inch 2.sound is low 3.android market not given otherwise mobile is very good and light.................................................. must buy..............
I brought this phone on eid price 12500 Nice phone processor ARMV7 Ram 1 gb and 350-450 mb always free. Memory-8gb 4.5 is free to use(u can install bigger game to) Sleak body sexy design.. Display i must say very nice if u compare with 12-13k range phones Battery is not so amazing if u compare with lg phone they give u 1.5 day backup..bt still in its range best phone..Camera also very good.. I will rate( 4.8/5 ) .1 s for battery and .1 little bit lags when u multitask...bt not a big issue because if u compare with xperia L htc desire x the will lag to and also they cost u betwn 14500-16000..... and the last some people are giving reviews without using cell and also comparing with XOLO,micro etc etc so dont watch their reviews..
well the phone is pretty cool...I would say but it seems yo boast of an 8gb internal...but I dnt find it in my phone...where it says its phone storage is of sumthng around 5gb...so can sum1 help me out..????plzzz....nd personally I love this phone but feel it should b sold at around 12000.....nyways nice work Samsung...but do change the outlook of ur phones....ol look d same...:/
among all 13k range phone this phone is the best i must say and please do not compare with Micromax,xolo etc etc...i will rate 10/10 for its price dude if you want amoled display for this range then go for micro,xolo,karbon....:P
Galaxy Core - snapdragon S4 play - MSM8225 - dual core A5 processor, Adreno 203 GPU, 1 GB RAM (usable 845 MB), video recording at 720 x 480p. Grand quattro - snapdragon 200 - 8625Q - quad core A5 processor, Adreno 203 GPU, 1 GB RAM (usable 845 MB), video recording at 720 x 480p. At the expense of 2 cores you get some smart features like smart stay, turn over to silent, active dual sim, crisp display (larger ppi). Performance wise both phones are almost same, considering there are few apps that use 4 cores. Some games may benefit from 4 cores. For every day use Core is good.
I recently purchased Samsung Galaxy Core from Samsung Smratphone Cafe Since starting i was facing problem of poor battery backup, i have to charge it twice or thrice a day while i was keeping all unnecessary things off. Within 7 days i also faced problem that sometime it was taking charge and some time not. Soon it started not to take charge completely. Then i bring this issue in the notice of Samsung Service Centre They told PCB board need to change. I am waiting to get my phone back repaired, while Service centre says they are waiting for part to come
Recently I have brought this phone. Am majorly suffering with battery and I never felt that its a 1GB RAM mobile. But the image and video quality is good and you can play HD videos with the help of MX player.
xperia l not has any physical button..go for core because lack of physical button makes screen small.. xperia l Samsung core 4point touch 5point 16k 13.5k aftr 1 month 12k plays 720p play 720p using mx player 1 sim dual 1gb ram 1gb ram
It is a very good phone.. Let Focus on the phone's performance. Having 1.2 GHz Dual core gives good performance, even in high quality games.1GB RAM is a good deal when it comes to gaming and running applications. Screen Size is good, lower than Grand, but high than S Duos. 5MP cam is also good. Android Jelly Bean 4.1 is amazing.
Best Phone in 14k range, v good config, 1gb ram, good 5mp camera, good screen, everythng nice about dis fone.
instead of spending more in mobiles its good to have a mobile with in an acceptable price. Accordingly it is very compact, easy to handle than big screen mobiles and its price is also affordable. At present its having a good market value. pls go on to capture it. its blue version is very difficult to get in market, its so nice. I would like to have a blue one.
I brought it for 15000 and its perfomance is good. Smooth internet. Just samsung design is boring. Its 1.2 ghz dual core. And descent display. You can enjoy video. Why most people give negative reveiw. If all facilities require for a phone then go for s4 or iphone 5
Samsung products quality is not the same anymore. I have bought a Samsung Galaxy Core. I am having issues with using with my BSNL modem. It does not connect at all. Works only with some modems. I contacted Samsung Service Centers and but they are denying. Just search for "Samung Wifi issues" on Google and you will come to know the issue is also with Galaxy S4. Many people are having these issues. Please confirm before you use this phone. Samsung is not being honest or helpful about this. SO BE CAREFUL FOR YOUR OWN GOOD...
Best dual SIM phone if your budget is under INR 15K. Feels very cool and very light at hands. Games are very smooth and call quality very good. Very good sound quality and catches GPS signals within seconds. Battery life is good. I had earlier shortlisted Samsung galaxy s duos and LG optimus L5 but they both now have outdated specs and this phone is much better than both of them. I will suggest this phone only if you are looking for dual SIM smart phone and that with 10K-15K. Also, its a micro-SIM phone which is not mentioned in the specs and earphone are not plug-in types and charging wire is little shorter.
i does a very good job overall except web browsing which is a headache in this phone the browser is laggy and i could play temple run 2 ,subway surfers and dead trigger without any problem the display and camera is decent .still testing the battery it was able to give 1 full day of moderate usage
