MOBDS33YFMWRDSXH
Its is one of the best phone I have used. Very fast and Smooth. Cam is awesome and have multiple shot capturing upto 40 shots like in galaxy S5 . Sleek design. 1gb ram adds to its performance. Everything a 50k phone from Samsung or micromax gives you can be easily found in this phone. Value for Money and have everything you need
Got one mobile for my colleague.. great display, fast response, no lags.. great internet 3g speeds upto 21 mbps. Looks slim and pleasing to look at and hold. 1 gb ram and 4 gb internal memory.. All things are best.. battery lasts for one day.
Few months back I purchased iBall Andi phone. Looking at the specs I found it very impressive. However after using it for around 6 months the battery gone dead. It literally swelled double the size. That's when my endless agony started. I searched for replacement battery in every shop in the town. The height is not even their service centre was able to supply it. That means the phone needs to be thrown away. Their customer care is nothing but robots, so no hope there. Finally my phone is R.I.P. in 8 months.... I would go for Micromax, Windows or even Xiomi but never use these cheap iBall phones.
This version from iball is certainly a value for money product. Display is good except for in bright sunlight. 1GB RAM gives a lot of flexibility for running several apps. Camera performance is good in sunlight. The major downside is the battery discharge. It will last only for about 24 hours if you are a major user. A little clumsy to hold but overall a satisfying product.
It's always better to review a product you have personally experienced. Nothing is worse than inaccurate information. If you're not really sure, research always helps. Let your personality shine through, but it's equally important to provide facts to back up your opinion. Be creative but also remember to stay on topic. A catchy title will always get attention!
This Mobile Is Good In Camera , Screen , Touch. But I Can't Understand Its Storage. The Shopkeeper Tells me That it had 4 GB internal Hard disk But Have Only 1 GB.So Anyone Understand Me this Problem correctly
Negative points 1 Camera is poorest dont buy if you need good camera. 2.battery backup is little low. 3 earpiece is third class quality. Positive points- 1 Ram is 1 GB. 2 Touch is good 3 sleek and slim 4 good speed less lag.
The phone is excellent and is worth every penny. The touch pad is good, video recording is best and the price is cheap but the features are far more better at such a cost. Its the best phone to buy.
never hangs just camera has low brightness swith to night mode for more brightness and its a worthy phone used for a year and still working fabulously and never hangs
Don't buy any I ball related product. wanna go with that beware you can spend years of time if you go for servicing to take back your product. . .
* If you are not a photophile. I use Sony Xperia M and I bought this for my dad. I am surprised that its performance is just as equal to my sony except that camera is poor. If you are looking for a high spec mobile at low cost, this is it.
Best in low budget. Value for Money and have everything you need. Sleek design. Display is good. 1GB RAM gives a lot of flexibility for running several apps.
