MOBDSN6KVUKBGXHT
hi i used this phone for about 25 days i didnt find any issues with this phone also the battery backup is awesome -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Battery Backup I used the phone with 3g for about 1hr 10min for downloading apps and browsing the battery dropped by 18% i cant believe it more than 1hr of usage eats only 18% I played High -end games(Asphalt 8) for about 16 minutes the battery dropped by 4% and temperature is 39c its unbelieveble i hardly recommend this phone for hardcore gamers --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Phones Perfomance Benchmark tests AnTuTu Score: 17213 Vellamo Score HTML5 1954, Metal 549 Nenmark2: 54.4 fps All the benchmarks are scored high in this phone so this phone is really capable to run all heavy apps and supports all High end games -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Pros Great thing is you can move all apps and apps data to SD card so you can install all High end Games Easily you can set SD card as default storage This Phone is really the beast under 10k Price the 1.3 ghz Quad Core Processor with 1GB RAM gives you a Lag Free Experience i installed 5 Games + more than 10 apps i didnt find any Lags in this Phone i played games like asphalt 8, Modern Combat 4, GTA san andreas and Dead Trigger 2 i didnt find any lags (MALI 400 MP2 GPU CLOCKED AT SPEED OF 415MHZ) The 4.5 inch IPS display gives u a more clearer vision while browsing Phones Build Quality is really awesome the back cover and xolo branding of the phone gives a premium look Camera is too good i am sure if you buy this you will be satisfied with camera Long shots and close shots are too good but Front camera is average --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Cons 1) Sound Volume is not so good but its ok 2) Sometimes Battery decreases Suddenly like 87% to 80% but dont worry here is the resolution use ur phone untill ur phone gets switch off (empty ur battery) and charge it for 8 hrs my phones problem has been solved by this method (DO IT ONLY IF U GET THIS PROBLEM) 3) No OTG Support ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I Overall If u need a smart phone under 10k which supports all features Dont Think just go for this mobile i dont know why some of them Hates Xolo see guys Xolo is a new brand it came on the year 2012 just they need some time they are developing not fully developed like Samsung, sony etc... But i am sure about one thing in future Xolo will beat all brands available in india they are now weak because of their sales after service ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- IMPORTANT NEWS: Xolo Mentioned q700s will Get KitKaT Update just Google It Like "Xolo getting KitKaT" you will know it -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I got this phone 3 days back pros: 1. Design of this phone is best in the category below 15000. 2. 1.3 ghz quad core, its gpu and 1 gb ram makes processing exlcent. 3. camera is better than micromax and karbom click good picture day and night both but not like sony 8 mp .it can record 1920*1080 video at around 18 to 23 fps. 4. battery back up is ok , good xolo battery saver app is provided. 5. calling speaker is ok not very low. 6.fast charing around 2.5 hour. 7. 1.77 gb storage and .94 gb for app and apps can be moved external memory card 8. touch is good but not like sony and Samsung cons: 1. it does not support OTG. 2. headphone provided not good. 3.ringing speaker is low. I have given 5 for only design otherwise 4.
This phone can impress anyone with its specs. The best choice if you are looking for a budget smart phone and if you doesn't really care about flashy manufacturer. The only question in my mind is whether a 1800mah battery can pump it 23hr talk time? Have to wait and hear it from people who bought it.
Mobile Configuration was so good under 8 thousand rupees.. and also mobile look was very nice.... But sound was not good... and battery suddenly decrease 2 to 5 % percent when am not using mobile.... When am using it, battery get totally heat... I dont like this model in xolo product
i got this phoneon 15th of march.. so it has been around 1 month sice i have been using this phone. n i must say that i m forced to write this review coz of it's mindblowing features.. this phone boasts: "QUAD CORE" A7 mt6582M 1.3ghz processor and a DUAL CORE (GPU) i.e : MALI 400MP2.. can u believe! "DUAL CORE GPU" n yes! this phone does prove it's performance i hav installed Asphalt 8,Modern Combat 4, fifa 14, Frontline comando D day.. ALL OF THESE RUN BUTTERY SMOOTH AT HIGHEST SETTINGS...NO LAGS AT ALL!! THIS phone is built for GAMERS. can easily play 1080p videos even in HW mode in MX Player.. rear camera is awesome.. front cam is enough for video calls BATTERY is WAY better than any other andoid phone under 20k it easily lasts a day elegant looks, sleek design , viewing angle : xcellent , ppi: pretty decent dont go for micromax even if they provide u better screen resolution, battery or whatever..it's not worth buying, rest choice is all ur's.. at last what i'll will say is that if u hav a budget under 10k then go for it..U WONT REGRET !
i got the phone almost a week back from the local store for 8.5k n trust me its worth every penny pros : -1GB RAM quad core CPU with newer chipset and a great GPU Mali-400MP2 -at stock you get almost 750 to 700mb free and when i fill the phone with around apps 30 to 40 apps i still get 600 to 650mb free -5 touch display great for gamers and teens for watsapp and social texting -screen viewing angles n the crisp image -design its sleek n simple but eye appealing -camera in day light its clicks pretty decent click in dark for some reasons Camera FV-5 clicks better photos then stock n the iso goes to 2199 8mp with bsi sensor n dual flash -4.2 jelly bean cant say latest but is pretty updated n there are rumors q700s with get a 4.4 update now is it the q700/q700i or q700s its not confirmed -battery though its 1800mAh but gives a battery back of almost 8 and a half hours or so -the backlit keys the best part i liked when they aint in use it switches off automatically n you cant even make out there are keys there cons: -sound very low i was utterly disappointed with this (biggest disappointment) -battery charging time 4hrs i dont know due to some reasons i kept my cell for charging for more the 3hrs yet it was just 78% -the back cover has a very cheap feel in my opinion -the sensors position its way to much in the corner its would have being normally near the ear piece -front camera VGA XOLO wat were you thinking the front camera worst thing -headphones in bundle are totally crap -no OTG - AND LAST N THE MAIN THING IT HEATS ALOT WHILE GAMING AND SURFING NET and due to which the phone sensors might just act wired overall i would same is a decent buy not very good nor very bad worth wat you pay
Product is good ... only problem is the volume is less and the phone gets heated fast... otherwise good phone
Well if ur budget is Rs. 10k u should go fot this mobile..no doubt...Bt yes there are some weak points which irritates me a lot personally and there are some quality which are mind blowing 1. It takes long time to charge the mobile unlike any other android mobile. It takes 4 hours to get fully charge . 2. D camera in day light is good but in dim light the performance is unsatisfactory 3. Video Recording is Good. 4. D best thing is the games does not not lag. I have Installed 10-12 big games of over 100 MB Size but the piece does not slow down 5. Touch is not as good as Samsung or any other premium brands but much better than micromax or lava 6. Battery Back up is very good. 100% can run over 24 hours with normal gaming and Video and normal surfing. 7. Display is good. Watching HD videos are joyful 8. Gaming experience is awesome
I have used Sony xperia m dual and Nokia lumia 520,and I got the result that this mobile is far better than these mobiles. These are my experience which I like share with you all Design-good Weight-little heavy Camera-best Net speed-good Wifi-very good range and speed Speaker sound-low Screen-very good Touch-good Processing-good Battery-good Mobile speed-good,no lags l have downloaded many apps Just don't go for big names if you want better mobile experience in this price range. Believed me.
my phone is OFF since over a month now, I am using friends standby phone. will soon buy a good Samsung phone. xolo is bullsh*t and total waste of money...Don't go on look / specification, it will soon disappoint U. there is no mai-baap for this brand. Till the time piece is working U may be happy but once data lost, battery konked-off or some physical damage happen, NO ONE on this earth can help you, remember this!
i bought this phone 4 days ago.....there is some problem 1. phone is hanging usually 2. battery performance is very low.... 3.battery is getting very heated... 4.speaker quality is below than poor.... 5. phone body quality is very poor....if it slightly strikes with anything...it's getting scratched ........ 6.there is no accessories available for this phone... plus points 1. in this price it's give much than other phone 2.touch is very nice. 3.working very smoothly ....
Xolo company has one of the worst service that any company can provide. I had purchased a Xolo Q700 phone around 5 months back. Two weeks back, the battery got swollen. Fortunately, someone told me that I should discontinue to use the battery as there is a high probability that it can explode. So, I contacted Xolo service and they provide me a list of xolo service centres. All the numbers provided for the 3 centres were either outdated or won't connect. I personally went to all these centres but got completely hopeless replies that the battery was out of stock! So guys, my humble advice to you is DON"T BUY ANY PHONES FROM XOLO!
Awesome Phone. Go for it. Best Mobile under 10,000. It supports both FULL HD recording & FULL HD viewing. No other manufacturer gives you FULL HD under 10,000. Pro's Quad Core 8 Megapixel with Dual Flash and 1080p Recording 1 GB Ram Inbuilt - 4GB Memory. U can upgrade to 32GB (Memory Card) 4.5 Inch Screen (Well Fit in the Pocket) Dual Sim - GSM + GSM Supports 3G XOLO Secure - Anti Theft App & XOLO Power Saver App Con's Nil
Guys, I bought this phone thru flipkar on Monday. Everything is ok except incoming call voice quality. It is pathetic. Be ready to lost at least 20% of your conversation. I visited service center also and they told this is "Xolo" voice. So, dont recommend it
This mobile has many problems like - 1. Touch is not good enough 2. Heating problem while playing games, charging, long talking. 3. Taking too much time in charging. 4. Camera picture quality is not according to 8 Mega pixel. Picture not good if light coming from behind. But it's good in others like Geonee, samsung etc. They delivered phone in competitive price, tried to deliver good products, but hidden small things.
dear frnds iam pawan shukla i buy xolo q700i in january month their have some software problem from starting days so i have submitted my phone to service centre and unfortunately i fined service centre by searching so much. this is three month my phone service centre this not the story my when always go to the service centre they have problem in new sets. Frnds after sale service is very pathetic and poor and bakwas or mai toh phass gya aap mat phasna not good software and hardware
Hi, I am using this phone from last 8 months. Phone is good for this price. But only this is no spares are available even at the service centers. I am having battery problem, it has bulged and need replacement. when I called service center they said that they are not having battery for last 3 months. There are lot of people who are facing this problem. Now even the phone is working fine I have to look for another phone as the battery is not available. But this time no xolo, micromax etc. I'll go for some other reputed brand. So be careful.
Flipkart service is very fast... delivered phone with in 3 days in standard delivery option, Xolo 700s kajaz ke sher: having 1.3 GHz Quad core processor and 1 GB RAM and pure android eventhough it is lag by my samsang grand 2 (1.2 Ghz qc Processor and with touchwiz) if you do not have a budget for samsung , HTC than go for micromax but think twice for xolo..
Frnds..I got the XOLO Q700 4 months back at 8k .My mob dropped from 1 feet and my LCD Screen is broken..The Screen cost is 5k in service center.. damm..The Screen is not available in market.. My battery is also damaged once i overcharged it. Now its no use because I can not repair it in 5k for another 4-5 months. So frnds dont buy these mobiles.. However if u want care it like baby..
think 1000 times before buying product of this company, i am searching for battery of xolo q700 since January 2014 till today company is not in position to give supply of the same , in spite of regular mail to their customer department and call to service center, still i am waiting for battery
Xolo Q700s is the bst phone.. premium body nice display with around 218ppi vivid display up till now i hav almost downloaded 25 apps including high graphics games like NFS mw,asphalt 8,beach buggy,fifa i didnt find even slight lag. it iz super smooth n fast phone i actually didnt expect dis performance :D camera support full hd recording battery back up iz excellent i hav moto G too.....it give alost the same performance like Moto G guyzz if ur budget iz around 9k den just blindly go for it trust me guyz u wont regret of buying dis phone i got dis phone for 9k but not from flipkart!!!outside it iz avail for 9k
I have been using the Xolo Q700 for about half an year now and i have no visible issues with the speed, touch or sound .But however 1 drawback is that it still runs on jellybean not that its bad but still Kitkat is better i hope the company releases the update soon which they will mostly.
I bought this phone 6 months ago and already battery not working, as it was under warranty I gave to service center more than a month ago still they are saying many customers are waiting for battery replacement so it will take longer time. So just imagine how many people need battery replacement in XOLO so better don't buy. Dear Flip kart I can provide receipt number also for proving I am a genuine user. don't remove my comment.
No battery available for Xolo Q700 since last 3-4 month even at authorized service center. Same issue is reported on facebook community by many fools like me! Now I'm using this handset as paper weight... Pls pls pls buy Xolo handset which cost costs around 10K if you want confirmed non functioning mobile set as show piece within 4-5 months of purchase date.
i got xolo q700 but after use of 5 months one fine day when i put it in my pocket and seen it after less than 5 minutes the inner screen was cracked without any damage of outer glass and service centre reponded that it is a physical damage hence wont be repaired under warranty and they will charge me 80% of new mobile cost. I later tried to search for the display but couldn't find it.My advice is not to buy any xolo because 1it has very cheap hardware and 2.its parts are not available
I'm not satisfied with this product, The speaker sound is very very Low and performance of the phone also not good, waste of many..!!
It in the worst mobile phone(XOLO Q700s) i have ever used in my life. Because of 1. Low battery backup. 2. Poor Quality of Motherboard (it got BURN within only 11 days after buying!!) 3. Dust collection problem in main Camera(very frequently).This problem can NEVER EVER resolved!!. 4. Poor service by service center (especially Lucknow) 5. A small issue takes at-least 45 days to resole it.(All mobile goes its main Branch Noida for resolution of a small problem). 6. Backside heating problem. So never ever buy any product of XOLO. its very Painful .
Using it for past 6 Months. Everything is fine except the Low Ringer sound & Extreme heating up while 3G operation & gaming. Otherwise ......... good purchase.
This phone has excellent specifications, but the build quality is pathetic. I dropped the phone and the motherboard got spoilt. The second time i didnt even drop it, my phone was in my pocket while i was bending over a counter and then i see that my phone's screen was gone. The performance was good though. Got an Antutu rating of 18900 while on flight mode. It's benchmark values were better than MotoG except for the graphics. This phone is too delicate for practical daily usage... :) Hope it was useful!
Please don't buy this, the speaker volume is too less,Voice vibration. I'm checking if I can return this product, and buy some other Mobile. There is no option to give 0 in rating. hence giving 1 as rating
Best phone in class at 7.5K, but processor overheating and battery poor backup. May be the item what i got i was defective one
A very satisfactory choice for this price. I have another Xolo phone and that too is working fine. Over to my opinion - 1. Q700S comes with a complete black finish. 2. Smooth and Quick UI. 3. Camera is too good. The HD videos recorded from this phone will not even play on my Samsung Grand2 ! 4. Video thumbnails in Gallery appear in play mode, thus giving u a glimpse of the contents of each video. 5. Quad Core processor is enough for all ur needs. I didn't find any lagging till today ! Just keep in mind some (Not so noteworthy) points.... It hasn't any option to create a folder in Menu. U can't make a call or send a msg just by sliding on a name in Call Logs. (Unlike Samsung) Notification panel is different from Samsung etc. While receiving any file via bluetooth, no notification pops up...u have to open Notification panel and then click on the "Incoming File" notification and then Accept it ! Fooh ! Before buying, be assured about the service. Nonetheless, The phone is completely worth buying without a second thought.
Pros: Good Processor Most of the games run smoothly It gets 4.4 Kit Kat Cons: Battery Does not last much Quality of Charger(dock+cable) provided very substandard Speakers have low volume. I use the phone only for playing games and reading books, sometimes movies too. So battery life is not an issue for me as I don't use 2g/3g or voice calling. Colors are good and screen size is ideal too. But If you wanna go for XOLO with the similar specs invest your money in q800( or q800- xtreme). Personally I like it's look and feel better, It's battery life is better and it has better speakers.
hello my frnds please do not sell with this, i taken this model and this phone hanged and after 2,3 min it switched off and it will happen 2, 3 times in a day.......
Hi, I have been using this phone from Past 3 months. We can appreciate Camera. Camera quality is excellent. I am listing out below 5 disadvantages here. 1. Battery Backup:- Battery getting Discahrge fastly 2. Heat:- Phone getting heat while Playing Games/Watching movies/Even talking . Sometimes unable to put the phone near to ears due to high warm. 3. Stucking:- Sometimes, whenevr you open Dial pad to dial any no then autimatically phone gets hangup and will restart automatically. This is very unacceptable thing and cannot tolerate. We have to wait 2 to 3 mins to restart. 4. Zoom:- There is no Zoom option in Video/Camera mode. 5. Sound:- Very low sound. Sometimes we couldnt here when Phone rings even it is in Hand. Apart from above issues, the phone is performing well.
hello can anyone tell?? 1.is this phone really gets very hot when charging battery,gaming,browsing and calling? 2.i want to know its ear speaker volume... is that too low that we cant hear calls in crowded place? 3.can we increase its volume
This mobile is looking nice and its features are excellent. This is very useful to me for many purposes. Camera features are very best to my view....
I ordered it for my bro. He hv been using ut for 2-3 months. And hes fully satisfied with this product. Looks awesome. Coard core processor makes it a faster device.
pros has got a kitkat update unlike many samsung and sony phones has a good camera with bsi sensor good battery life has a removable battery(when ur battery freezes,u will realise this) smooth (antutu benchmark-17552),s3 got a benchmark score of 17826 cons audio (call quality is poor) low ppi(not a good display) verdict i would say u to go for it as it is a lot better than micromax in looks as well as performance wise at 7k, u may not find quadcore processor phone with a kitkat update(with 23hrs long lasting battery)
Sound keeps going on and off (more offf than on)...Hardware issues. Service center cant resolve! Battery cant get more horrible than this! Switches offf automatically wo notice/reason! Selling off lis 5 months! Buy only if u want to waste your money.
I purchased this product near about 15 days back and the product is amazing ; but the sound clarity was not good and the speed was really amazing, i never found stuck with these days even i play the game.
I wanted this phone for my dad, so no high expectations. I wanted a simple android phone for minimalistic application. The processor and RAM really make this device perform well. You feel absolutely no lag at all. Camera is better than most high end phones in the 15-20k segment. The good thing about the camera is it's high aperture which gives you good photos in low light. The Google Now with voice commands works flawlessly. No cons except the capacitive buttons aren't quite responsive enough. They are not bad but they can definitely function better. Will recommend this phone for anyone below 10k budget.
I have two XOLO phones and both are reliable and good. Battery Life is high and even using the 3G internet for the whole day does not drain the battery much. I would recommend XOLO products to my friends. In addition there is a number of e-commerce websites who sell the accessories for almost of the XOLO phones which feels great.
Its been more than 2 months now I bought this from flipkart and the review is as below - This phone XOLO Q700S is a complete package of a smart phone in this price range. Too good with its display, looks and style. The only drawback that I observed with this phone is that back of the phone gets heated when phone is charging. But till now that was not the matter to worry. All in all till now happy to have this product. Last but not the least thanks Flipkart for its speedy delivery.
i am using xolo q700s it is looking good and features are good but some times the mobile getting heat other than that its working good
This mobile is not best And internal memory only 2 gb not 4 gb ANd hang to phone Is Warranty phone but not best repair service center
Well, I got it luckily. I got this phone as a replacement of my 'under warranty repair' but not anymore getting manufactured (Q800) phone by Xolo. Its Sleek Smart Colourful and Fast; I was already happy with my old Xolo and newer one is even sexier :)
Don't buy this Phone No spear parts in market No battery. No touch screen Maybe you can get from local market This product is great in this price.
iam planing to buy this product pls any body tell me..about features functioning well or no and about the cam is better than micromax and karbonn
in this budget its best phone luvs 2 play games like asphalt8, fifa14, mc4 in ths phn as its never lags ply very smoothly its has sexy stunning luk display & touch is one of d best frontcam is gud 4 facechat 'photos n videosrecording' have gud colour capturing bt its nt lik 8mp pics. or 1080p recordin respectivly its takes tim to focus on to macropics. bt its pics r gud of macro things
Great performance,its 973 Mb RAM, 1 GB programming Memory and 1.75 GB User Internal storage. volume should be little bit louder else its awesome.
Really very gud & Sexy smartphone in a reasonable price but only sound quality is not good, even in full volume In a home each and every time i used to miss the call, frankly speaking i m very much dissatisfied with this smartphone and also the Headphone quality is also very bad (cheapest quality) only for the sound Quality and nothing else, or else i will would have given 5 stars rating
the product is good the sound is worst touch is wonderfull battery back up is super and the last is the heating problem is occuring while charging and playing games otherwise the speed of the processor and sensitivity is mindblowing.
Pros : Superb Performance especially 4 gamers Played MC4,NFS MW without even slight lag. (The Phone Gets hot while playing but still its really common among android devices!) Good Display Quality Slim and stylish Ok ok Cam Quality Cons : Loudspeaker...? Sorry cant call them LoudSpeakers, they are really Quite speakers ;) Battery charging time,sometimes it takes 2-3 Hours to get 'half' charged!
Its the best phone in price range of 5,000-10,000. Many phones with same configuration costs up 17,000-20,000. Its a value for money product.
I have keen interest to play football in realistic and device also. I searching long time to suitable hardware unfortunately my friend bought this phone from shop (not on flipkart). its really excellent. you know FIFA 14 on google play its occupies 1.31 GB(game size).There is no lagging while you play. it will give updated matches from FIFA 14 BRASIL Simply great... I strongly recommended to you to buy...
i vote 5 * for XOLO Q700S it is beter than samsung S3......................................................................
I think its nice phone but its camera is not gut as compare with Samsung 8mp and other Branded handset
I liked this phone alot. Have specially come by here to write a review for it. The battery back up is good. User interface very sorted and the best part is its sleek look. just Love it. A single glitch I faced was wifi and data connection turning off on its own but the service center ppl said its a software issue and can be sorted easily. its not a huge problem anyway for me as i only use watsapp on my phone mostly. but overall its value for money. i got it for 8.1K from a store and it is worth every bit. Got samsung galaxy star pro for dad and its battery just SUCKS. it requires charging for 4 to 6 hours and discharges in 3 hours!! such a waste!!
Best phone in the range of 7500/- Go for it , nice and stylish body finish. Handy and cool look Camera picture and video quality is good. Cons: When it comes to service they have very limited service centres. I bought this phone to give a try . It was in my budget . I am happy with the Indian product .
I have purchased from market Display is so so more bright display Sound not good For sound xolo lack of quality Xolo worst company for giving service cheater
its Camera and ips screen is very good ,fast worth for the money minimum budjet phone ,long lasting battery ,
i have been using it from one month 1.poor audio quality 2.touch buttons doesnt wrk properly remaining all will satisfy you..
Great features in this price : touchscreen good. Internal memory 4GB but we can use only 1GB for application. When we talk & charging time mobiles gets hot.
i used this phone last 15 days its nice device but voice is not loud. another this phone is cooooooooooool.
every thing is good for uncles,aunties and students i think best sorry the best mobile with 4.5inch ,8mp,4.2..2 andriod , 1.3 quad core
I have been using this phone for over 3 months now. These are my observations\experience- Best looking smartphone by far at this price range. Very good specs at this price range. (1 GB RAM, Quad Core with GPU) Camera quality is good (8 MP Rear camera) though front camera is average (as expected) very good screen resolution very good for playing games. Battery life is surprisingly good. (Xolo's battery saver app is best for efficient battery management) Few Cons- Charging takes long time. (Mostly due to sub standard charger) Speaker sound is lower than expected XOLO is really coming up with great phones these days. Kudos!
My mom purchased this phone in april 2014. All the apps ran on this beast were super fast headphones also provided a very clear sound .Very good phone better than samsung and sony at this price .The best feature is the call sound when my mom called someone she was able to hear the sound very clearly and nicely too.She appreciated the touch of this phone .Best phone ever sometimes my sister threw it like a toy but nothing happened to it .. My brother played some most demanding games like asphalt 7 and 8 without any lag. I continously chatted for 2-3 hours, heavy surfing, hd videos, lots and lots of music still 75% battery remaining, android 4.2.2 jelly bean gave a very nice experience. IValue For Money !!!!!!!!! Must buy
first i am a hard gamer and this phone is just mind blowing.the spec is very good for this kind of price and grapics engine is 2nd best were tegra is 1st ranked. pros:1-sleek and very thin design 2-metallic finish camera is 8mp and very great fr pics......front cam is below average on low loght but excellent on day light...... i hv many heavy games like dead trigger2,asphalt8,nova 3,mc4,mc3,gangstar rio ,gangstar vegas,real racing 3 all on high graphics settings played very smooth without any lag...... great phone for heavy gamers like me.... just go for it and best part is u can move apps to sd card were u vont find this option in many costly mobiles.....
Wont Go in detail with the specs!! but by phone Stopped workin so i had to buy a new one ASAP in Short Hard gaming phone which means Best processor and RAm In this price range u wont find anything better than this this is the best in this range Camera didnt expect tob so powerfull but camera truly speaking is Best!! i compared with Xperia L nd other phones But XOLO's Camera is far better than it awesome processing and special the screen density is such that u havnt imagined of from This phone!! awsome 4.5' phone Superb HD playback played GAMEs like Modern combat 4, Fifa 14, Asphalt 8, Dead space, Dead trigger!! played lagglessy without a single frame drop awesome gaming experince :-* Battery Too is Powerful lasts for 8-9 hrs with normal gaming wifi surfing and music!! ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- Cons Speaker Damn low Earphone Worst!! or else alls gooood ................................. guys reading this i recommend you to buy only this phone if ur price range is only 8K best in this Range would have given 5 * if Speaker nd Earphone were good ///// But truly speaking Speaker is Not sooo Bad!! its OK ;) Best BUy in 8k
look are great. benchmark score is fare well. AnTuTu Score: 17213 Vellamo Score HTML5 1954, Metal 549 Nenmark2: 54.4 fps pixel per linch is little low lag free in asphalt 8, Modern Combat 4, GTA san andreas and Dead Trigger 2. didn't find any promblem. Battery Backup is good. great phone.
Great phone ...using it since three days.. got it from amazon!!! it's actually pretty fluid and maximum 3 cores have been used with 33 Applications.... It looks like nexus fits the pocket and has a great screen!! I didn't expect a product like this from xolo at this price!!!
xolo camera is very bad battry not to good very fast hot touch is not to good so my friend do not buy this producttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Bought this model 3 months back. It works quiet well. Except sound quality.... The battery backup is amazing. Navigation is bit irritating but manageable.
I bought this phone in Feb after 2 month my Phone display is not working without any physical damage. And also there is a heating problem after normal use Don't buy this phone i am not satisfy with this phone :(
I bought this mobile on march 15th.The phone is good but i noticed some problems i.e.,battery gets emptied very soon and speaker sound is low.But good phone under 10k.
After 1 week of use... This phone is awesome benchmark score above canvas Hd camera is decent High end gaming and no lags there is only one major problem i face is heating of the device while playing game no matter what..This phone is best in this price..must go for it
totally awsome phn .... best phn if u want to buy phn under 10k .. i just got phone today... i tried subway surfer,, temple run ... running very smoothly, camera is alos good , speaker is a bit lower but i generally use headphone so that doesnt matter for me.. touch is also good..
which volume is low ringing volume or the volume which we hear when we r talking on call ? how muchhrs batry will support without using internet ?
pros ---- fast responsive good battery life stylish cons ----- No compass(magnetometer) Heats up slightly while using camera,mobile internet,games. display resolution is comparitively low.(Not a big problem) sometimes feels like earpiece is not good. camera not good at dim light. official ADB driver is not avilable.
Loved it. I have a nexus 4 as my primary phone and I wanted a secondary backup phone. This was the right choice. It looks really good, feels good and has a very good spec. I'm a techie person and so I do a lot of research before buying any gadget. Same goes for this. Suits all the requirements I have. Has really good free RAM compared to other 1gb ram offerings. No issues with games, speed, lag and so on. The best phone under 9k. Highly recommended. Quality: 8/10 Look and Feel: 8/10 Performance: 8/10 Overall: 8/10 Thanks
Great phone for price 1gb ram more than sufficient to multitask, UI is fast, can play almost every game smoothly, plays 1080p videos smoothly, Build quality is also good, screen is awesome to watch videos. Battery backup is average but at 8.2k Best in class
this phone is a good option in this range. minus points of this phone are- *phone heats very quickly. *sound is very low. good point *camera is good. *touch is good.
nice fone, internet speed is good, wifi catch very good range, wifi hotspot is good for use pc but speaker is not good, headphone accessory is not good
i am using for the past one week. amazing phone for this price. amazing camera, super fast, plays all games
Got this fone form local store n U guys has To believe that the xolo in comming years will beat MMX and Samsung as well now the review about the fone the fone is a master piece itself when u I'll see the first look at the fone u will gt amaze how beautiful is it; as I m a hard core gamer I give the fone 5stars as I see no lages in any game I installed frontline camm 1&2 @;asphalt 8 . San Andreas etc high end games are all supported in it cons the sound is bit low n little bit heating prob BT all in all beast of all don't think go for it
waste of money..it will work for 4 -5 months very well then you will get touch and navigation key troubles for sure dont but it
A VERY NICE PHONE TILL YET BUT STILL NOT PERFECT. 1)GOODS 1)GOOD LOOKS 2) SATISFIED BATTERY 3) AWASOME GAMING 4)CAMERA IS NICE. 5) FRONT CAMERA TO 6) TOUCH SCREEN IS NICE 2)BADS 1)HEATING 2)FLIP DISPLAY JAMS SOME TIME 3)LOW RINGTONE 4)SPEAKER PROBLEM IT IS AT TOP SO NEED TO MAKE A ALIGN 5)NEED TO HAVE COVER 6)BLUETOOTH VERY WEAK TRANSFER (TESTED ON S4 AND XPERIA Z1) ALL APART I HAVE TILL NOW USED FOR 20-25 DAYS ONLY BUT I CAN SAY ONE THING IT IS NOT DEPENDABLE IF YOU BUY IT FOR A LONG USE YEARS LIKE 2 ,3 YEARS GAMING AND GRAPHICS IS MIND BLOWING .
Besides the aftersale services of xolo and a slight of heating issue this phone has got everything we need... ive been using it for about a week and in my opinion its the best phone under 10K.. the graphics experience is amazing and the battery provides more than enough for a full day even with 1800Mah it provides good battery backup.. The sound clarity is best through headphones thanks to its built in sound enhancer... If u r looking for a phone under 10K blindly go for it!!
OMG It plays Asphalt8 at highest settings even canvas turbo can't do that.Its graphics chip is very powerful dual core Mali puts samsung grand 2 to shame.Samsung your time is up.No more shity samsung mobiles.Buy this if you are smart person,buy Samsung if you are retarded!
I had brought this mobile 2 weeks ago. and below here are my experiences.. Design of this phone is best in this price category . 1.3 ghz quad core, its gpu and 1 gb ram a huge + point. Moreover Camera is far better than other Indian brands. It can record 1920*1080 video at around 18 to 23 fps. Battery back up is Good though it is 1800 mah, but lasts longer than other 2000 mah batteries, Thanks to Xolo battery saver app. Fast charging around 2.5 hour for full charge. Touch response is also good. cons: Though it looks is great, but back panel (cover) is very thin made of plastic.. Headphone provided is not good. Ringing speaker is low. Must buy for the people below 10k budget. You will get more than enough at this Price. Simply Superb and paisa wasool. Only thing concerns is after sales services of Xolo.
Guys I Just bought this phone only bcoz i want a powerful processer but it is very good at even camera,flash,screen resolution,good looks,ram capability.but the only problem in xolo is d music the effects r not good with even a good headphone but its ok its helps u to not damage ur ear by providing low bass capability onBoard so i m really happy by buying this phone because not a lag on 15 also if i want to start 16th app no lag in that app so so so so good really value for money......
Impressed with the camera qualtiy of the phoone. It offers 8MP back camera takes nice pics in day and night. The front camer is VGA camera which gives very blurred and pics like low level chinese phones. The speed of processor is great. Display is also cool. Overall a worth buy...
Using this phone for last one month battery back is good look is excellent touch is smooth camera quality is also fine can play any video format even 1200*700 resolution overall good choice worth to buy
I am using this phone for almost a month now and I did not face any problem as such. Quite a very good phone under this price tag. I recommend to buy this phone and experience it.
everything is perfect auntutu rating is 17700 even nexus 4 doesn't have that much camera quality is ok running all types of games smoothly and battery back is really very good after charging full last till 1.5 days by using ruggedly
superb phone ...the specs provided are stunning...camera is good,supprts full hd,good processing speed,no lags,moderate battery backup etc cons- sound is less on ringing n call volume is low... overall worth buying @ dis price...
This is a powerhouse from xolo. I mean this phone is even better than branded phones such as samsung s3, htc one x, galaxy nexus and all. Not a single app or game lags in this phone, even graphic centric games like reptide gp2 runs smooth on this beast from xolo. The only thing i didn't like is the screen resolution but at this price range it is considerable.
