MOBDRKHTA3UXHAVD
i purchased gionee p3 from flipkart and service was quite nice as usual from flipkart. talking about phone, i have been using this phone since mid january 2014 and its a budget beast. pros... 1. very nice sound both during a call and ringing. 2. very good primary camera. 3. exceptionally awesome video player. can play full HD videos. 4. battery backup is good with single sim. can last upto 2 days. 5. very good browser (UC browser). can download movies, songs, videos, ringtones, wallpapers, themes at one click. 6. inbuilt antivirus. but to activate the full function of the antivirus you will have to spend Rs.49, which will be deducted from your balance. 7.easy to hold in your hands. 8. crystal clear display. cons: very less minus points are present in this budget beast. 1. no notification light. so you cant get any miss call or message alert by just looking at the phone.also you have to press the button to check whether the battery has been charged or not. 2. secondary camera is very bad for video calling. 3. battery backup with two SIM cards is not that well. battery can last for one and half days if you dont use the phone extensively. otherwise it will last for only one day. 4. earphones are good in look but is uncomforatble in the ears. however, the sound quality is very good. overall, this phone is excellent if you want to get a very nice phone under Rs. 7500. its better than many micromax phones. go for it.
After a week usage Pros *Gionee has provided service centers all over India. *Talking about P3 looks, it looks nice and the build quality is pretty solid. *Gionee's Amigo Interface is nice with a crystal clear display, pretty decent touch. *Rear camera is good with HD video recording. *Payback of 1080p HD video is supported. *Battery back up is fine with 1700mAh. *1.3 GHz Cortex-A7, Quad Core is very good in terms of performance. *Only Quadracore mobile in the market for this budget. Cons *RAM could have been 1GB instead of 512MB by adding an extra thousand or so. *Inbuilt apps such as Netquin security which needs to be purchased for pro version. *Front camera is vga and is OK, could have been 1MP atleast. Overall a Superb Android!!!! Guys, just go for it as it a very good Android which is worth for its features in this budget.
Pros: * Bright, beautiful screen with vivid colours; excellent sunlight readability * Very good build quality and decent looks, perceivably better, if not equal to samsungs and host of other Indochina brands * VERY GOOD autofocus rear camera. Captures crisp, clear sharp images n videos with natural colour reproduction. Even low light captures are better than s duos 2. * Comes with fast quad core processor, all sensors, pretty decent touch, very good call quality, very low SAR rating * Accessories include silicon back cover, 2 scratch guards and data cable-cum-charger * Runs most running, driving, jumping graphic intensive games without lags at lower framerates * It is rumoured that official kit-kat update is likely to be available by May-end, though I have personally not confirmed the same. Cons: * Not so great viewing angle, specially from top * Headphones pretty average; sound from phone speaker is loud, decent, but not great * RAM being 512, can't expect very high-end type performance * Battery backup could have been better, but still acceptable * Front cam is just average. * Reputed China brand, supported by an indian franchisee; service commitment level is untested, though they have very big network of white label service centres Summary: If you're interested in buying a smartphone with a good build quality, very good camera, more than decent performance and are ready to accept a slightly chunky device with minor quirks at a budget price-point, then go for it. Keep in mind that level of overall device sophistication is much better than Indochina brands but probably a notch lesser than a Samsung priced twice that of this device P.S. I bought it from other online retailer at lower rate, though now flipkart rate is lowest
I buy this phone in 6800 from local market. Total phone capacity : 4.00GB out of this 4.00 GB system capacity : 3.64 and Phone storage capacity: 371MB only :(
The phone looks are premium. Decent display. Smooth performance. 4.3 inch display so handy. If 1 Gb Ram included this would be the best of all in this category. But overall i am satisfied for the price point. The earpiece sound was gone within 2 days. But it got repaired in the authorised service center within 2 days.
Gionee has come with great build quality. Pros:- 4.3 inches of bright color full display 512 mb ram and 1.3 ghz quad core processor 512 mb ram seems less at first sight but it doesn't leg at all. but from 4 gb of internal memory 371 mb is available for phone and 1.3 gb memory is for applications which is less then expected but its not bad. normal games like subway surfer and temple run are running smoothly. battery life is also great. 5 mp camera with flash is also great.. night photos are not worst at all. cons:- As a budget phone there are no cons at all. after all what can u probably expect form a 6799 rs budget phone. even they provide 2 screen guards and a back cover. so go for it if you plan to buy a budget phone.
Its a great phone from an unknown company in India. Though it is a chinese phone it is of very good quality. You know what a chinese phone concept in our locality(cheap plastic covered low quality phone). But its not like that. I have bought this Gionee phone from a local retailer @7300. I was a bit frightened after purchasing this phone bcoz no one have heard about this brand before. My friends asked me what the heck this gionee is? You still have known brands like nokia micromax & lava etc. But after using this phone and watching a video of Rajiv Makhni going to gionee's manufacturing plant i felt relieved. The phone is very good in terms of performance. Its signal reception and call quality is great. I got full signal of Vodafone in home. Net is fast though i browse 2G. Camera is also great and can record 1080p videos as well. I got shocked when i show a recorded video in mx player(in properties). But sometimes when i was playing games the game got minimised of its own. Thats why i brought back one of the star. But overall a great performer.
Hello Flipkarters , There is no doubt that Gionee is emerging as a strong competitor. Their products are absolutely value for money, Touch of the phone is perfect. I am amazed that with 512mb memory ,games are running as smooth as on PSP. 5 Star to the inbox accessories like mobile screen guard and mob. rubber protector. Service of th Flipkart is good as expected. I hope that you this review is helpful to you.
very bad phone.battery always sucks up but display problem is still there.always hangs up if you more apps or run more apps.ram always hang up the whole phone due to which phone is not working sometime
I brought a new box piece of Pioneer P3 on 30-06-2014. (Its not via FLIPKART) Within few days it started hanging. Then it got completely dead after few days. The mobile was not getting on. So i gave my Mobile to Gionee authorized service center in Mangalore (United Telecoms Limited), Karnataka on 04th September 2014. I had to wait till 16th September to get my mobile back after service. Again within 4 days the mobile is completely dead. I am fed up of this mobile. I dont want others to lose their money investing on this model. So on basis of my personal experience, i kindly request all not to buy this model.
nice phone in low price the phone features is so good compare to other brands in this price.... camera quality is good compare to samsung,sony or nokia....
Screen is good.Voice clarity is good. Camera is good. I liked both outdoor and indoor pics. Most of the apps lime Facebook, whatsapp work well. The battery could have been improved, drains a bit faster. Recommend installing a battery saving app. The camera video recording struggles to capture quick movements indoors. In daylight it works well. Hope gionee fixes this with an update. Overall good phone. You won't fell slow because of 512 mb ram.
Overall I am very happy with this product. earlier i used Sony Ericsson Live walkman mobile lets compare with that. I have taken from local mkt in hyd - 7k + POINTS Screen size 4.3" Speed 1.3 Quardcore Dual sim 1 GSM 3G + 2 GSM 2G Options / Themes Screen Protectors 2 Pcs inside the box Pre Installed most of using apps(Compass, Call recorder, Voice recorder, Poker, Flash light, Notes, Whats app, Kingsoft Office, we chat, true caller) - POINTS Battery backup is less as i expected (being 1700 mah) for complete charging it is taking almost 2.5 hrs... I can not say exactly Battery backup is either + or -. Display (comparing with my sony erricsson i feel it is less) RAM Gelly Case is not provided and outside market i could not find.
I am using this phone last two weeks. I bought this in local dealer. First I would like to tell issue of this model. Battery is not enough, it sucks. If you connected with internet you should charge it twice a day. Its the big problem in this model. pros: :-) * Good display. sharp and bright. * No lagging (this is very important) - 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7, Quad Core * Preinstalled essential apps * Good outlooking(Very rich). * Very good graphics performance. Cons: :-(((( * BATTERY issue * Less RAM (For this price range this is enough) * Very bad camera quality. It is equal to 3 megapixel.
i have placed order through Flipkart.com on 29th April and received on 6th may, before schedule. i am not satisfied with packing quality as Flipkart use to pack items. Third class packing, this time Flipkart has saved money in packing of item. mobile phone is good to use but whats app is not installing in this phone, followed all instructions mentioned on WhatsApp's website. even updated phone software, still not working WhatsApp trying to continuously install app for last 24 hours, still not working i don't know it is software or hardware fault but i am not satisfied with this phone, purchased after reviewing several phones.
good smart mobile in this range but Full Battery charging taking too much time and not runnig more than 15 hours
i purchased gionee p3,heating problem,and continus 2 hours not good work,incase battery full error bettery low.
Its been almost 3 months I have been using this phone and I haven't come across any issues so far. The resolution of the phone is not so good and quite whitish. Doesn't display the colors properly.
i hve ordered 3months ago. Service is very good done flipkart.This is a budget handset price below 7000.quad core processor pro: camera is good flash is good display good sound ok con: RAM is 512,not enought with quad core handset zoom 2x battery drain out aftr 4 in heavy usage no equalizer third class earphone heavy 153g Too fat 11.3mm aftr all it a good handset to buy i will give 4 stars
this is great mobile.. i m using it from 3 months ago, not a single problem i have faced till now.. great built quality.. nice camera , nice call quality.. if ur budget under 8k then go for it...
Shipped on time. Took correct decision by choosing this phone. It would be unmatchable if it had 1GB RAM and more Pixel front camera.
I am very much happy with this phone and it does gives complete value for the price. Among the android phones, this was recommended by a friend and I have no regrets selecting this device.
Display-amazing,bright and colorfull camera-bad,like a 3 megapixel,video quality also bad,i recorded videos in hd but quality like a 360p video.. look-good but heavy weight... performence-not amazing but good.. battery-drains so fast like 1200 mah battery overall average..
one of the most worse battery ever. if u play game or doing online activity then u know. sala jitna bhi charge do charge hi nahi rahta............
Excelent Phone for this price - moto g features, battery backup, camera clarity, games videos every one.....
feels bulkier in hand for its screen size otherwise the product is okay build & performing good. a bit of a concern regarding brand though (chinese & gionee ... oh a chinese phone!)
Cons: only weight heavy, little ram low All is great comfortable flash light good. camera good. Purchased from ebay on 25th march. @ 6563/-. Satisfied
Everything is fine. speciall display clearity. Remove one star because of heavy weight and earphone is of very low quality. Gionee shoul provide a better quality earphone. Other wise awesome phone and Flipkart!!!!!!!!!!! hats offfff
good product from gionee despite average battery backup............ camera quality : fine screen: fine sound: fine have lots of usefull applications pre-installled only haven't good battery backup but over-all: satisfied
I got so impressed with this mobile that I purchased two phones in a gap of 15 days and one given to my wife. The display of this mobile is unmatched, I have compared its display with samsung galaxy II that costs around 16K and it is much better, the colors are more bright and there is more sharpness. Even it looks better than experia C. The sound quality is really bad you can not tolerate it even for a single song even if you use headphones from sony. Camera is good but not great and front camera is really bad. I dont know about the durability of this phone, otherwise this is much better than phones from micromax, Xolo coming in its range. Again its display is better than MotoG also, if dont believe compare it. I think people dont know this phone since there is no advertisement.
Best amart phone in a reasonable rate. Really best phone as comparing to other phones of this range. So if you're going to buy a phone of rs. Upto 7000 pls prefer this.
Its a very nice phone at this price. It is not like other China Mobile. Its like other Brand like Samsung, Nokia. But a New and emerging.
I am Buy This Mobile Before 1 week.....Im Too impressed With This Mobile....At Price Tag Of 7000....Just Go For It Pros; Touch Is Butter Smooth Camera Is Awesome And It is Better Than Some 8mp Cameras Display Is Just Stunning....Colors Are Too Vivid & Clear Monster Screen in My Opinion Phone Looks Very Royal All apps & HD Games Runs Very Smooth Cons; Front Camera Is Competitor of China Mobiles Ear Phones Is waste Ram isnJust 512 mb (But it's Not A Probulem For This Mobile) Charging Time Is 2.30 Hours Of Full Charging....But it's Acceptable For Android
I brought this phone couple of days back from local retailer as I black variant was not availble on flipkart. now coming to the device...sealed box consist of data cable, two screen guards and a back cover of very gud quality ,battery,earphones and charger. PROS: -looks and feels sturdy - screen is very bright and viewing angles are ok....neither gud nor bad. -amigo interface is quite gud and feels different from stock android. -quadcore processor and mali 400mp gpu makes processing buttersmooth.... -rear 5mp camera is really good when compared to camera perfomance of home brands phones lik micromax,xolo,spice,karbon........its neearly equal to lumina's 520 5mp camera. -secondary camera is not that good.....but acceptable for video chats. -battery can last long for one day in avg use. -earphones are just avg.....loud enough....but lacs base. cons: -512mb ram is the only cons that I felt......but still with 4-5 apps running in background dint notice any lag till now.....but while playing high end game you may sumtime feel the need of more ram. - if a 2000mah battery would hav been provided then this handset would have been perfet. BuT at price tag of around 6.8k you cannot expect everything. verdict Its the: best budget quadcore fone under 7k price tag. with really gud built quality...
Product is really good. Very quick response on touch no lag. Pretty good camera for both taking pics and taking videos. Great for playing games watching videos etc. Two main problems with the phone are battery gets exhausted pretty fast and it does not have a notiffication light. Apart from that great purchase for RS.6799/-.
I have been using this phone since 1 week purchaced fom a local shop for rs:7000 camera clarity in day light is awsome (it is even better than moto g2 costs 14000) user friendly battery back up is low . but recommending it for all budjet buyers
Its not china Mobile..and better than Samsung Trend .. you can see compare .:- gionee P3 4.3 inch samsung core:- 4.3 price 12500 video 1080p supported samsung grand 2:-1080p price 22500 5 mp camera samsung core:- 5mp price 12500 Gpu enable No Gpu in this range Gpu means you can play HD games .. .this phone also have Dolby sound . and its better sound than other
gifted this to my father, he has been using it since a month now.. no issues whatsoever.. good budget phone, nice build - feels really good in the hand.. Gionee a company to watch out for...
Gionee P3 is totally worth its price. Touch is awesome and performance is good!! UI and look and feel is also great. Camera is only average.
GIONEE PIONEER P3 IS VERY NICE HANDSET I BOUGHT THIS MOBILE FOR MY BROTHERIN LAW IT WAS VERY NICE IN WHITE COLOR NOW COME TO THE PHONE P0S; 1.BEST IN LOOK 2. NICE EXCELLENT TOUCH 3.BEST PROCESSOR MEDIATEK QUAD CORE 4. 4.2 JELLYBAN ANDROID OS MOVE APPS AVALIABLE ON SD CARD 5. ITS HAS ONLY 512 MB RAM BUT THEIR NO LAG 6. IT PLAY TEMPLE RUN OZ, SUBWAY SURFER, SIX GUNS, DEATH DOME. DEAD TRIGGER2 ,ETERNITY WARIORS ETC ALL PLAYABLE 7. BEST PRICE JUST 7100 8. NICE CAMERA GOOD IN DAY LIGHT 9. 3 G VIDEO CALL 10. BETTER THAN ALL OTHER INDIAN BRANDS LIKE MICROMAX KARBONN SPICE ETC AND ITS IS ALOS GOOD COMPETIORS OF INTERNATIONAL BRANDS SAMSUNG LG AND HTC ETC CONS; 1 AVERGAE CAMERA IN NIGHT BUT ITS OK SUGGESTION TO GIONEE IS GIVE ONE GB RAM TO P3, FULL IPS DISPLAY,GOOD CAMERA AND PUT IN BUDGET PRICE OF 9000 PRICE
HI, I PURCHASE P3 VERY NICE PHONE.I PURCHASE THIS FROM MARKET IN 7100 ONLY. I LIVE NEAR NORTH CAMPUS.
I bought this phone from market with flip cover in Rs. 7100 5 days ago. It works good. Its a very good budget phone in the range around 7000 but flipkart rate is too high. Touch screen very responsive and camera quality is also good, in night time above average. It can play 1080p vedios wihtout any lag and run casual games with ease. I haven't found any kind of issues till date. overall its a very good phone and I am satisfied with this.
IT IS A GOOD BUDET QUAD CORE ANDROID MOBILE HAVING ANDROID JELLY BEAN 4.2.2. PROS: 1) GOOD DISPLAY 2) PLAYS HD VIDEOS VERY WELL WITHOUT ANY LAG 3) CAMERA AND VIDEO RECORDING IS GOOD IN DAY LIGHT. 4) YOU CAN PLAY MOST LOW TO MEDIUM GAMES VERY WELL. SOME OF THEM ARE INOTIA, THE SIMS 3, ASSASSINS CREED, THE HUNGER GAMES ADVENTURES, etc. CONS: 1) BATTERY 2) 512 MB RAM 3) PICTURES AND VIDEOS TAKEN BY THE CAMERA AT NIGHT IS NOT THAT GREAT. BUT IT IS NOT VERY BAD EITHER. JUST ABOVE AVERAGE. FINALLY IF YOU WANT A GOOD BUDGET QUAD CORE ANDROID MOBILE THEN GO FOR THIS. ITS THE BEST MOBILE UNDER 8000
