MOBDPVK5RYZEPRKY
first of all got the product late so the shipper did not deliver the product on time. the product looked good from outside but after using it was a while it started to hang. it is not at all a good product i had to restart the same so many time. even could not hear the calls from the customer so many time. had to finally pay and load the software again. still not much improvement. i strongly suggest you buy another phone. it is a total waste of money would suggest to buy a basic phone instead of this and that also will work better than this one.
Keeps resetting at will. Camera picture quality is pathetic.. they have cheated by saying it is 5 MP. Call drops when you are speaking and another call or an SMS is received. I think this way reliance has ensured they get more revenue since you will have to make several new calls to complete your conversation. Lenovo-Reliance CDMA, have combined to make its users complete fools..
Hi, I don't know how people give stupid ratings like this?!! It doesn't have many features. But still, flipkart is claiming these features which is misleading. Please update those false details and remain to be the best shopping destination.
No message capacity, phone book set-up not compatible for import, no new apps, ........... lots of problem. You have many other ways of committing suicide why this 9K investment yaar, phoket mein marne ke liye bahut raaste hain. Dont buy this, phone should be banned.....
lenovo cdma mobile a 600 e good mobile for cdma user. This very low cost and quality and friendly use. only thing mobile weight is main issue but battery back up is not bad.
Best smart mobile in CDMA GSM network in android application. Very good supplort in both network but it may be more good if RAM capacity to be up to 1000.
Doesn't respond when you want to dial. Takes 2 to 3 minutes at times just to open dialpad and contacts. Takes forever to open images. Nothing loads. Useless piece of junk by Lenovo. Reliance gets junk to India and sells it with CDMA connections.
please don't ever buy this phone.... the worst phone ever by lenovo.....no front camera, no 3g....... terribly slow and keeps on hanging.... the charger also don't fit properly to the phone..... had a very bad experience with this phone....
I bought this phone a year back based on the Brand name. I am totally decived . The phone restarts at will . when I approached Service centre one time they reset the software. second time they said you need to change mother board. FM radio not good, camera worst, no flash. Its a shere waste of Rs. 10000/- dont go on barnd name. lenovo is cheating
if u choose to buy a cdma donot waste ur money on this.system frequently hangs,and always shows lenovo launcher failed.camera is too bad. basic phone is better than this.
I sincerely request you that you do not buy this mobile. Why? 1.It frequently hangs.2.Whenever you open an app, it says Lenovo launcher failed to open/upgrade. Again you wait for 2 mins and need to restart.2. Anything you open in the mobile, be it contacts, recent calls, whatsapp, any app,it does not open immediately, it hangs with blank screen. Still if you want to buy, hats off to you and message me as I want to donate some congrats to the world of suffering with mobile!!! 4.Dont dare to use internet on mobile.It will take loads of time to launch.If you buy, u r struck, u cannot return or exchange this mobile with Flipkart. Thanks.
It is not worth the money, the processor is slow and most of the time takes longer time to load installed programs. with the same money you can buy moto G which is 70% more efficient.
Bought it for dad as it has CDMA in it. The touch screen is very hard to use and it just hangs a million time. also main issue OVER HEATING. its like u can fry an egg on it. sometime it overheats so much that we need to shut it down for making it cool. also take all night to charge.
i bought this phone 2 months before. look wise this is a good phone but after using it... my opinion changed. very bad speakers. not at all user friendly. total waste of money.please dont buy this phone. Good company but very Bad product.
this is really bakwas mobile. If u have installed 3-4 game and some application it will be hang. Mere to paise pani me chale gaye is phone ko kharid kar.
dear friends, do not buy this phone, this will ruin your mood. Hopeless phone. Contacts not loading, sms some time will come, most of the time stop itself. It hangs more than 50 times a day
bought myself 2 handset for the staff . one has gone to repair centre twice and another is on the way to repair centre . lenovo is worst quality than indian brand . Have bad experiece with one more lenovo gsm phone . DO NOT BUY LENOVO MOBILE
Worst phone. Camera quality of any Nokia 2mp will be better than this mobile's 5mp. Gets heated after some time.
Very unhappy to have Lenovo A600e. After spending lot of money can not use smart phone compare to others phones. Lenovo and Reliance together does not deserve any appreciation. They must think of returning money back or give other acceptable model
I will give my experience in one sentence " IF TEN PEOPLES WHO READ THIS REVIEW AND DECIDE NOT TO BYE THIS PHONE THEN I WILL FEEL I RECEVIED MY 9200 BACK TO POCKET" WORST PHONE I EVER SEEN AND USED .
Waste to buy in the name of smartphone for 9k instead buy at cost 1k or 2k. Wasted money for buying this phone and struggling lot for even making a call. Most of time I am getting complaint I am in not reachable mode.
it is very very fully waste phone . automatically restarts phone key pad is too slow watching video is nothing
this phone is hopeless, if you start data from gsm card,cdma signals will disappear frequently. very slow phone,you should have ample time to operate.even you can,t see the phonebook and massage quickly.against the claim ram is 384mb.worst phone i used last 15 years.
Its a awesome phone for those who have ample time to waste,simply waste of money,this device thinks what to do now after exiting from one application,is there anything we can rate in minus
Its a disaster phone in the name of an Android Phone. No Dual core processor type quality Pathetic camera. Very Slow Phone. totally waste of money. I m really upset. please help me how to claim to lenovo for this bogus phone.
There is No 3 G connectivity then why flipkart showing 3g. CDMA network goes away while using net on GSM.Useless phone. Kindly do not Buy.it is just waistage of money.
It was good but will more better when you provide a pouch for this and there is no video call option otherwise all characters are good. Pls you have to provide open top pouch for this.
