MOBDP6W62AJNWKZJ
I purchased this mobile from local market at same price.... this mobile is for those people who wants android os applications at lower price point from a branded company like samsung... everything works fine...and yes you can play temple run smoothly but subway surfers lags a lot.... Display angle is not so good.... Volume is also low...... but internet rocks.... I decided to have a extra battery to carry ... FINAL CONCLUSION :- IF YOU ARE INTERSTED TO USE FACEBOOK,GMAIL,WHATSAPP,LIVE,INTERNET SURFING.....THEN PERFECT...BUT WANT TO PLAY GAMES.....IGNORE IT!
1. NO 3G 2. NO GPS 3. Only 512 MB RAM (400 Usable) so forget gaming. 4. Very Slow and sloppy. 5. Extremely Poor Battery Life 6. Poor Speaker phone. It's wast of money
Sasta Roe Baar Baar ,Mehnga Roye Ek Bar... If u want samsung phone with good working & features go for Higher range otherwise try other option like Karbonn,Micromax,lava
Battery drains very quickly(from FULL to 45-55%), if your WiFi is turned ON n you are playing games (temple run, subway surfer etc) in TWO hours. ALL your games will hang A LOT. PROCESSOR SUCKS. WHATSAPP WORKS FINE. good camera quality. radio good. Touch is awesome for this price range. youtube videos work great. MX player helps run movies in all formats. MX player n whatsapp not preinstalled. Bluetooth n WiFi drain battery to 70% in an hour. Skype works fine. phone heats up insanely when charging or playing games. THAT IS SO NOT NORMAL even for androids. a good buy. not the best but satisfies my android use desire. i ll play lesser n use WiFi lesser since i require that 14hours battery life for my long travels. i m going to generously rate it 5 for i have nothing to compare it with. apt for me. front camera would have added to its "star pro nature" n larger screen size (less than 4 inch actually) n more sound! (am i asking for too much?) It requires Microsims.
The EXACT same CPU (1 Ghz. Cortex A5), RAM, Camera, Storage etc. as the Galaxy Star with the bumped up screen size and resolution (From 3" 480x320 to 4" 800x480). Thankfully, the GPU has seen an upgrade from the Mali 300 to the Mali 400 to accommodate the higher resolution. But does that justify the price premium? Depends on how you look at it methinks. Of course, at this price range, you cannot expect to have an all-round smartphone and some features obviously have to be omitted to keep the costs within check. But the question is, how judiciously have those omissions been made? What you get - A potentially reliable comparatively large screen phone (for the price) from the biggest phone maker on the planet. What you don't get - An upgraded rear cam, a webcam, more storage, and 3G! That last one I believe could be a deal breaker for many :-( Nor do you get a whole host of sensors ranging from bare essentials like proximity, ambient light, compass and of course GPS. For gamers - Seeing as it has the same basic underlying hardware as the Galaxy Star, the better GPU should be able to handle Temple Run 2, Subway Surfer, Beach Buggy Blitz, Fruit Ninja, Plants Vs. Zombies, Angry Birds etc. maybe with a few dropped frames here or there. However do expect GTA: Vice City, Dead Trigger etc. to be a little choppy but playable nonetheless seeing as they're mostly playable with the same CPU+weaker GPU combo on the admittedly lower res. Galaxy Star. Final thoughts - This isn't really a 'smartphone' by the 2013 definition of the term, but more of a touch screen feature phone running Android, 'cuz most of the features that make a smartphone 'smart' have been stripped away to keep costs down. However, it would still be a good choice for students wanting to upgrade from push-button feature phones, grannies & grandpas wanting their first smartphone experience, and in general a whole host of people on a budget who just want a decent, relatively large screened phone from a reputable name brand (Samsung, LG, Sony, HTC etc.) without breaking the bank and who wouldn't be caught dead with a Micromax, Karbonn, Xolo, Intex etc.
Dear Sir/ Madam, My bought mobile(SAMSUNG Galaxy pro S7262) with order no. OD40705042194. When I was confirming the same with IMEI info. I am getting shocked because IMEI no. showing below details: IMEI no. 353125065201343 showing model : NOKIA N70 and IMEI no. 353201065201342 showing model : NOKIA 5310 XpressMusic Please clarify the same that it is genuine or not. If it is not found genuine then what can I do? plz suggest.
My mother bought this mobile from Flipkart. If you are planning to buy it, check the following experiences: 1. The phone is good for non tech-savvy people 2. It lags a bit while playing games such as Subway Surfer and Temple Run. Still many other games run smoothly. 3. Camera is ok. Display is good 4. Delicate and may break if it falls once 5. One can enjoy all the high end features and apps such as Wifi and GPS. Packed with some good features(see specifications provided by Flipkart) 6. Not possible to play 720p HD videos (video is played intermittently) 7. Battery drains quickly Overall a good phone at this price range. This phone is good for people who will use it for calling purpose and have limited apps and games usages.
I got the phone at 5080 rs. and Iam very satisfied with the product. I am writing the review after nearly a month of use. the phone was delivered within 2 days of the order with a Nice packaging. people say that the battery life is not good but let me tell you if you don't do anything on the phone except receive some calls then the battery would stay for 3 days. a very good product which I can recommend to all!
i did not brought this fone frm flipkart bt i would like write a review about it!!! Pros 1:display is good 2:touch is awesome 3:android 4.1.2 4:sound is ok Cons 1:poor battery life 2: jus 2mp camera without flash 3: lags while playin heavy games like temple run, subway surf etc 4: no frnt camera overall a decent buy. dont go fr it if u wnt to play heavy games. others those who want a simple android fone, its a nic pic go for it!!!!!
Its an amazing phone. The features are very good and I am loving this phone as it solves my purpose. Nice quality and premium id.
i bought this phone 2 weeks ago from flipkart. the delivery was in time.(as always in flipkart) i found some good and bad things in the mobile good things: 1.its got a good look and display 2.very cheap and afordable 3.light and durable bad things: 1.the camera is not so good (only 2 mp) 2.most of the inbuilt apps not working 3.the battery life is low 4.it hangs many times thanks for viewing my review.hope u find it helpful
Good phone for parents who are not much tech savvy, yet they can use basic features plus minimum browsing
I gifted it to my sister. She said i like this phone..you know girls don't play games more..But when i tried to play some High Size Games it's hanging a lot, Battery life, Phone Heating.. So If you love gaming forget this phone.
the phone Samsung Galaxy Star Pro S7262 is awesome and its chief only in filpkart and packing was exilent...
Its a good mobile. good specifications when compared within the price range. pros 1.Screen 2.Android Os 3.UI 4.Battery Cons 1.No 3g/Secondary Cam 2.Camera
The product is good to me and the service is very fast. Packaging is suitable. The product which I bought is genuine. The courier had delivered my product before my estimate delivery date.
it was a very good phone in the price range and was happy with it. only problem with it was that it is not mentioned anywhere that it works on micro sim as i had a bigger sim card and had to replace it with micro sim.it should have been mentioned in the product labels or description clearly.i think so i would give it one less star due to this
The item as not satisfactory as expected of Samsung...The finishing is not fine when we open the back cover ..even the plastic used is not appealing..on the whole a bad buy..
Great phone with all the expected features and android version is also upgraded.M totally amused with it.Large display because of which gaming is a plus.Totally superb and majestic phone.
Quality dual Sim card phone 2mega pixels camera,nice battery back-up.I am happy to have it and be a part of such a nice brand with extra-ordinary features in it.
Awesome looks... Nice to show off... doesn't have lots of apps but good enough at this price range. Battery back up is also good...
I am really happy with the choice I made. 1) Look & feel - Excellent 2) Performance - Very Good Cost is very competitive compared to the features it has. Only 3G is missing but I am not too much on-move. So it doesnot matter much to me. My friends all appreciated my selection. Excellent service by Flipkart.
Cons: 1.touch screen is really annoying as it dont work sometimes in the pattern lock 2.bad processor.. as it starts hanging when adding games to it 3. games,, it lags on games like fruit ninja PRO's: 1.good display 2.browsing
This phone does not have proximity sensor. Its really a necessary feature for a touch screen phone. I would not recommend to buy it. When a budget asha 501 phone has a proximity sensor then why not this phone? Its really annoying. Without this sensor you might experience accidental "call holds" since the screen remains active during calls.
I am using this mobile since a week. my intial impression is very good. battery is very good.please note that there are some adjustments u shd make. simslot is micro sim. no proximity censor i.e while speaking in call,display goes on until u unlock screen again. will write more as i keep using.
This mobile is value for money but I observed when incoming call mobile get vibrate fist and after some time its ringing dear other owners Same problem with your mobile ?
This phone is not as worthy as other phones in the same price range. I purchased Celkon Campus A20 for 5,500 and it is much better than this phone, with features such as 3G, 3.2 MP Camera, Android Jellybean, etc. The only plus point of this phone is that, its internal memory is a bit more than that of Samsung Galaxy Star.
This mobile is good.But if you download more that 3 or 4 apps and use those apps simultaneously then it get hanged.Battery back up is not so much good as i expected.Other than those two problems,the mobile is very good for listening songs and internet browsing and reading docs and pdf.
To all ardent ill-informed Samsung Fans Unknown Spec for your consideration: This phone contains Spreadtrum SC6820a Processor, with 430 mb usable ROM only. So what ? Spreadtrum SC6820a/i is used to power all the cheap chines phones, phablets and tablets. This phone is no different. As all know its crap..... Pro's 1. Bigger Display and Mali 400 MP GPU (But playing High Bit Rate Video Files are Pain, they lag and lag forever) (so what's the use of bigger display) ? 2. Android (you can use all social apps at 2G speed only :)) 3. Good Loud Speaker (Couple it with Poweramp Pro you get to listen to decent audio) Con's 1. This phone would Lag even to perform daily activity For-example, If you want to send SMS open message and you need to wait atleast 5 seconds for the keyboard to load (WTF) ??? (Tested with Samsung Swype keyboard , if you install third party apps it will take forever) 2. You cannot attend calls via Headphone MIC, I have tried atleast 10 times only once it worked. 4. Display Angle is Narrow. Practically if you want to show some pictures, videos to your friends they literally cant see if they are at angle more than 30. 5. Battery goes down very steeply even without usage. (Everyday you need to charge even with moderate use). 6. Camera is a big time loser (Always out of focus even in good lighting condition) and has large shutter lag. 7. Samsung Bloatware (Come on man who needs Samsung App store and Chat on) ??? 8. Andorid JB +Samsung Apps loads the processors completely so it has hardly any juice left to care for you 9. Poor/No Developer community support for Spreadtrum devices. Samsung Star Pro Vs SONY Tipo Dual, latter has Snapdargon 800 MHz Older device but outperforms former phone in all segments. That is quality and look and also feels premium. What I have done to overcome this 1. Rooted the phone (I was the first one probably to do this in world with this phone :Grin) 2. Removed all samsung bloatwares 3. Removed all Google Apps 4. Installed camerazoom fx replacing default camera. 5. Installed Poweramp removed default music, google music etc 6. Numerous modification that I forget Verdict: Not worth your hard earned money..... I bought this phone as an impulsive action... Did not make a informed Decision (Regret) So Buy it with caution
I bought this mobile from a nearby store of my home. It's processor is good. Android is also good 4.1.2 jelly Bean, But 3G is not available in this mobile. But it's not so problematic. Screen is too big . 4 Inch (480x800) ... ! Ram is 512 MB , Internal memory is 4 GB & Expendable is 32 GB. I'm using it , It is awesome ! & value for money. :)
For the price (6300), it is a really good buy. i needed a phone for internet, Whatsapp, social networking sites, ebooks and other apps. For all of that, it is a really good buy. the screen size is really big and the phone looks even better than it looks on the net. Plus, you have the after sales support of Samsung. And the phone was delivered to me even on a Sunday
I mean first of seriously for 6.5k its "Samsung" device with Android 4.1, 512MB RAM, 1Ghz processor. With a decent 2MP camera, way better than indo-chinese's 5MP. And above all it has a great look seems very expensive. I've bought this phone out of no interest whatsoever, Was just looking for a cheap for as I lost my phone and didn't had much money, and to be honest I didn't liked (Just bought it because of looks) I was like okay its a Samsung device must be better than indo-chinese brands. And God when I started using I sure liked it a lot. Everything you wanna do it has an app for in Google store. I got irritate for first week because of not having proximity sensor and I had to unlock screen by double tapping and then end call.. But now I found the setting so I can disconnect and receive calls via home/screen lock buttons. Only Cons is the battery backup its goes only one day with normal uses and takes 2-3hours to get full charged. but I wont worry too much about it as I just goes home to office and office to home. Its just 6.5k phone so don't expect it to perform like 16.5k phone..
This has got a decent config one would expect from a budget smartphone but the missing things are: - 3G - High megapixel primary cam (just 2mp) - Secondary Cam But my review title says it all! Worth the money for a dual SIM from a reputed brand!
Bought for my mother-in-law. Screen and everything is good enough. Only thing missing is 3G, in case you need 3G then dont buy. I was not looking for 3G phone so im good with this phone.
Gurvinder singh s/o Mohinder singh Vill dhamoli,Near balmiki mandhir,Teh rajpura,Distt patiala,State punjab
Although lookwise it's like all other samsung mobiles. Battery life is low and photo quality by front camera is not good and other drawback is that the phone is not supporting 3G. But on the whole how can you expect so many things at such a price.
It's a entry level smart phone, with a lot of add-ons, don't expect amazing things, but if you haven't used a smart phone before or use a smart phone with less apps... this one's for you! Pros - Good design, look & feel Sturdy software & design Quick charging Good earphones Good camera & video Good voice clarity during calls Cons - Slow processor Would have liked a connector with the phone Low standby capacity The apps hog the charge like crazy, even the simple ones like SMS & phone call indicators are battery life hogs! Slow processor, but for the price you can't get better Call signal is a little weak(but voice clarity is excellent)
i never see this type of phone . its worst worst NO 3G NO GPS Only 512 MB RAM (400 Usable) so forget gaming. Very Slow and sloppy. Extremely Poor Battery Life Poor Speaker phone. It's wast of money
What is Samsung thinking of? selling a phone at Rs.5200 with no 3G? Its very bad. Also the camera quality is not good, and really this is not the right mobile for gaming purposes. often it hangs coz of its 512 mb ram, and battery drains within 2 hrs if u use wifi or play games. But the sound clarity and flipkart delivery is really awesome one.
hanging always waste to buy the samsung product and also always want to reset the mobile for avoiding hanging out problem batttery backup is good
Purchased frm local retailer at 6000rs first something positive about this device (1)Gr8 number of service center (2)Above average battery backup (3)Map wrks sometime (4)promising build quality(would last 1.5yrs easily) this all phone has got Camera,software,performance,user experience etc all r below average, pathetic Touch Wiz UI hangs regularly insite of free ram fail to play 720p,480p even in MX PLAYER it plays 360p video having low bitrate browsing is hell,chrome comes preinstalled but of no use use opera mini that to hangs after 5min no stock music player and hv poor audio output frm both speakers and earphone a 260rs mp3 players sounds better than this avg display nothing much to talk about go for micromax,motorola service may be a prob but provide solid user experience
one good phone after samsung ace series. ram i lower however the phone as such islighter andsleek. they should have increased the ram to a gb andit woulld have been better. a one of a day today phone affordable
i got it as a gift from company. it is ridiculously lagging. many times screen gets on after phone is locked with a speaker symbol. Poor battery and no 3G makes it one of the worser phone in this price bracket. you can have nokia phones which is better quality,camera,battery and speed at this price.
Battery is Very Worst case i have purchase Samsung Strar Pro S7262 brand new phone its not even 6 months used but its switch off within 3 hours even fully charged
I have purchased this for flipkart. Delivery was quick and the packing was also impressive. But this phone is really miserable. Slow and terrible. It doesn't have a proximity sensor and battery life sucks. I never had great trust on Samsung products and with this phone Samsung lost my trust completely. Pathetic phone, pathetic product. There are many other phones out there with exceptional features and very competitive pricing and still Samsung is selling junk phones with high prices. Samsung has to stop selling phones in a few years if they continue manufacturing such useless products
It has very slow processing speed.Even with simple calling and messaging functions ,the phone doesnot stand on processing .
I don't know what's wrong but this phone feels very slow even after multiple updates from the vendor. Also it forms a ripple affect on the screen when pressed. It shows up only on some screens.
Battery drains very quickly(from FULL to 45-55%), if your WiFi is turned ON n you are playing games (temple run, subway surfer etc) in TWO hours. ALL your games will hang A LOT. PROCESSOR SUCKS. WHATSAPP WORKS FINE. good camera quality. radio good. Touch is awesome for this price range. youtube videos work great. MX player helps run movies in all formats. MX player n whatsapp not preinstalled. Bluetooth n WiFi drain battery to 70% in an hour. Skype works fine. phone heats up insanely when charging or playing games. THAT IS SO NOT NORMAL even for androids.
I got this phone for my sister and she was really happy with it. Audio quality is great, for a budget friendly phone, you guys can go for it.
Its the worst phone ever seeen. PLease do not buy n waste money on this dabba phone. Go with Asus or mi rather than going into this mobile
Good one , purchased recently and working smoothly.. only issues with Batteries drop very early, need to charge you couple of times in a day
Best phone for low budget. phone will be hang or slow if you install too many apps. Otherwise its awesome.
Pls dont buy this phone .it is a scam from samsung .battery doesnt last for 2 hours . phone hangs up. subway surfers cant be played smootly .everything is bad about this phone .
i bought this phone 6 months later since then everything is alright...buttttt......the fact is i wasted my money...first of all this phone doesnt have 3G...although it cost 5k its better than to buy a asus or micromax phone they all give you 3G at less price...it has a single core processor so forget about gaming this phone cant run even temple run....temple run lags a lot..and at the end the suddenly stop with the message "UNFORTUNATELY TEMPLE RUN HAS STOPPED" it lags a LOT disgustingly LOT.....If you installed facebook mobile app this phone cant even handle that app..that app uses all the phone RAM making it very slow........it has only 512MB of ram which is verry very slow this phone cant run any simple games if you install whatsapp UC browser the phone hangs a lotso if you have that much of time to go to phones setting and Force stop every app then its all right....but if you cant then its gonna be trouble....so my request is to not at all buy this craap device instead go for asus or micromax the give much better results than samsung...that all folks...
plz don't buy this phone. this hang ki dukan. never it lags to much. go for honor holly. screen is good (4 inch) but never go for this. i will only provide cons 1. no 3g 2. no proximate sensor 3. it does not even dual core cpu bad for calling bad for listening music bad for gaming (not able to play shoot bubble) never go for this
its really great product in less price and its worth is to buy this product and brand and i love it. would recomended to buy this .. trust to buy on flipkart
it is a good product......................................................................................................
This is the worst phone in the history of phones. If you bought this phone, also buy a brick to hit your head with. I bought this phone about an year ago...it worked properly for only 2.5 months...slowly the touch stopped working properly. The internet is too slow. Apps open too slowly, even though I had barely a few apps. If I am conneted to even watsapp and get a call, the touch screen hangs. If I get a message, the phone becomes slower than a blonde learning the alphabets. I have been grudgingly using the phone for the next 10 months because I thought it would be alright maybe after repairs or what not. I am happy to announce that I lost my patience and threw it on the floor and destroyed it. That is it the respect this phone deserves. Its not a smart phone. Its a money waste torture.
Using this phone more than a year, and I must say it's a great touch phone but when it's come to the smart features it acts as a basic. If you use internet on this phone it last half a day otherwise 2days, only 430mb of ram and out of it merely 85to90mb is free so don't think about playing games. But when it comes to the call fuctionalities its just supurb no call drops nothing. Camera is so so, So I recommend this phone to those who really enjoy a brand phone on there pocket with a little specs to do basic works for the day
very useful in this range i would like to recommended to all of us they need android mobile in this range and looking very beautiful
1 month back i bought samsung star pro 7262 in local samsung cafe in egg city in tn . baterry is worst, radiation is more, hanging problem more common.cafe service is wrst
****************comparatively slow************* * no ambient light sensor* :P *no gps :P *no proximity sensor :P
Best for people who just want a samsung to show off, or are not gamers/heavy users. For example my mom.. she loves the phone. it has very little RAM and no 3G for for her its fine. So if you are one its great proudct.
Value for money, best product. Delivery was bit late but it was worth waiting. Photo quality is okay.
you can go for the other options. for eg- moto e, asus and redmi and lumia in the same range. these are much better options. they are better in every area. looks,display resolution,camera, touch of lumia and moto e is quiet responsive.
Samsung has lost it guys. Its selling a phone which is closer to scrap than a phone. I have been using it since 2 weeks as my main phone is gone for servicing. Here are convincing reasons why. 1. No 3G (Even 3K mobiles come with basic 3G these days) 2. No AutoFocus in the camera (Cant take even 1 OK picture with this) 3. Little ambitious to ask for Secondary camera but no 3G so this isnt really relevant but then what about my selfies? 4. Nokia 1100 will last more than this. Full charge in the morning, no calls or sms or internet and by 7pm it begs you to fill it. imagine with use what will happen. Worst battery I have ever had in any mobile. 5. Non ergonomic buttons, volume rockers on left side and power button on right, add flip case and voila you cant access volume buttons at all. 6. Frequent connection drops on 2G 7. No native android music player (music is played via Google music app) 8. While 2Gb app memory is a little rare consolation you get only 430mb RAM of which on only installing whatsapp leaves some 120mb RAM available which basically lets you sitting ducks. Compare the cost to Android one device and micromax and basically any other device of 5k-6.5K and you will see that samsung has gone nuts in producing such device. I have been using android devices since 4yrs now and this phone with its specs should have been OKAY 5yrs back or so. MY sincere appeal, save your hard earned money and spend elsewhere. MOTO E, android one devices are my recommended ones. Thank you for your time!
Why I will buy this phone.... In this price I will go for Moto E or Asus Zenfone 4 which will give me 1.Better camera 2.Android with full feature. 3.HD display. Don't buy this one west of money.... Go for any other phone....
battery in not lasting even for hours. the phone is hardly used during that time that too in 2g mode. so disappointed
Hi My name is Mahesh.M this is my order no : OD100945482466812200 Please don't send this item, because this order by mistake ordered,
I have been using tis phone for about 7 months now.. and poor battery poor speed touch response not good Pros:screen cons:battery life, gaming, surfing speed slow ,hangs a lot ,camera is a nightmare ,ram is less and not even worth of 1 star For a good budget phone go for Moto E or Moto G 2nd gen
sir mobile is not working Samsung Galaxy Star Pro S7262 please send bill copy to my e mail addresssir mobile is not working Samsung Galaxy Star Pro S7262 please send bill copy to my e mail address
Good & Useful Phone. But Now it's time to more. so Samsung is brand but if you have small budget then go for like xolo, & other brand,.
this mobile is not so smooth to operate. because of 512 MB RAM it repeatedly hangs. regret buying it. do not go for it. with around the same budget other mobiles with 1 GB RAM are available. go for it.
Stucks up everytime. You need to have a good amount of patience for using this crap! Pros : 1 Extremely slow 2. No 3G 3. NO GPS 4. Poor battery 5. Hangs even during calls Irritated ..Disappointed !! PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS...wait for RedMi
I am very happy with the FlipKart service. But unfortunately I am not at all happy with the Product. The mobile volume is very low even to hear the other side voice and also the ring tone is also very low for both incoming call alert and as well as for Alarm alerts. I saw many positive reviews for this product on flipkart, hence I chose this. But unfortunately the product didn't work well for me. if chance is there, I want to exchange my phone for some other model.
RAM is speed is low, Overall it is good product, Flipkart service is really good, For the offered price it is a good buy.
Hello People, hope you you are having a nice time shopping with flipkart! ;) Coming to Samsung Galaxy Star Pro S7262, I would say its totally a budget oriented mobile so do not expect a good performance! :( Just Okay! Pros:- 1) Samsung Branding! ;) 2) Decent Pixel density. (240) 3) Ok-ish Battery Backup. (1500mAH) 4) Dual Sim Cons:- 1) Cortex A-5 Single Core Processor. (Old Architecture) 2) Only 512 MB Ram. (Not at all sufficient) 3) 2 MP Fixed Focus Camera. 4) Gets heated up-to 40 degrees even with small games. Samsung's TouchWiz UI neither suitable nor stable for a phone with such limited hardware functionality as in this! Verdict: This piece hangs too often, other than the Samsung branding i didn't find anything else interesting! Suggestion: Do not buy it unless & until you just want a Samsung branded phone to use, trust me it hangs a lot! You can rather invest 1000/- INR extra and go for Motorola Moto E. That is perhaps the best you can afford if you're a very tight budget! Note: It's just my opinion. Not intended to criticize the product or anything associated to it! Think Twice But Wise! :) Cheers! :D
I am using this phone from last two months it is overall a nice product, the plus point is big screen at this price range by samsung, but the problem is some time it lags a lot which is depressing and makes it a non gaming phone but samsung provides regular small updates to make your phone stable and to reduce laging, other than this phone is good and worth of money...
At a price point of 6000/- You get 4inch display with 233ppi should be enough reason to go for it.. Well we Indians always love to have more.. Review after 1 MONTH use..
This is average fon like, dispoints only one thing that is touch which is not that good, but I can not expect a lot from it as it worth of. so I am happy with it :)
No 3G, No GPS. Poor RAM. Is samsung fooling Indians? I see Samsung wiped off Indian marketing soon like Nokia. Micromax, Xiaomi , Moto are new champions.. Stop fooling in the name of "Samsung" brand
worst phone in my life. I will never sujest to buy this phone. every this in this phone is bad. alwas hanging proplem be occure.
This is a pretty decent mobile from samsung. Delivery was on time. White color looks good and quite satisfactory handset.
Dear Concern person at WS Retail, We have received the mobile and it has been perfect in used so from now onwards, we have a trust in shopping online due to flipkart. Thank you Regards, Ankur Shah.
I'm deadly warning you to not to buy that device. This is ridiculous, Very Low Performance. Can't play any temple run smoothly, neither even use fb messenger, It is good in starting, but after some time, it will make you cry.
i prefer this phone only when someone in the idea of buying a phone just for communication purpose other than that this phone so poor performance and whatever be the network we use the phone takes a lot of time to just load chrome app and it takes long for pages to load and if we touch it during its loading process the phone may hang so I say browsing is totally waste in this since its a 2G phone while the world moving in 3G and 4G. Now in terms of gaming, don't ever think of it.The phone will lag a lot even in drag racing game app.camera is good that s the only thing i appreciate in this phone even this is a 2 MP cam still its good. OS jelly bean that s the end of it, no upgrades.Battery is good and provides all day stand by for normal functions of the phone.
Battery drains out too quickly. And if you are using two sim card dont expect anything from this phone.But since price is low I would give it 3 stars.
Coming from the #1 smartphone brand of India, this phone is really a joke..!! Used it for about 2 months and its so frustrating. It keeps lagging all the time. Even Whatsapp n FB dont work smooth. Tap to open the keyboard and wait for atleast 2-4 seconds..!! Very frustrating. And when u type it often stops responding, lags for 4-5 secs and then types all the letters u've touched all-together. Plus it doesnt even have a proximity sensor so the screeen itself doesnt sleep or wake up during calls when u put it to your ear and remove it. There is a double-tap to unlock during call functionality that is so very frustrating. The battery is another bane. Use wifi and it drops by almost 1% every 1-2 minute..!! Ridiculous. Instead of wasting ur money on this go for the Moto E that offers better hardware and is a better performer in all aspects.
It is a good basic phone for people who would like to get some basic smart phone experience and for college kids. You won't be able to enjoy the complete experience of Android, but it gives you a glimpse. Recommended buy for beginners.
Samsung Galaxy Star Pro S7262 is good budget smart phone, but problem with battery 1500mhz & also Ram 512mb, Android 4.1 jelly bean, not 3g support, otherwise good
Slow in process not very good to use I m facing the hanging problem in phone I suggestion is not to buy this mobile
dis phone is totally bad bcoz slow internet nd hanging phone i m suggesting u tht dont buy this phone
do not buy this this is very slow low memory space as well one app installation will cause you performance issue
waste of money dont buy this mobile ,everything is toooo slow waste of time samsung making peoples fool
Good product at Low budget. Nothing to say about Flipkart. Delivered before the date. Flipkart is best (y)
I purchased this phone in Jan 14 and in initial use only it started getting hang frequently. It was restarting frequently and it was damm irritating. Taken it to customer care for 6-7 times still the problem continued finally I had to fight customer care people and then got the PCB changed. Pros: 1. Good screen size 2. Budget phone 3. Nice picture quality Cons: 1. Hardware quality not reliable (from other reviews and personal experience 2. RAM not sufficient for heavy apps and games Overall average phone fits in budget.
my galaxy phone is Black Red and white it has galaxy pins and it makes a anbulance ring tone its speacial ?
a nice phone in a budget after playing real racing and gta sandreas games the battery does not go weak and its faster
I order Samsung Galaxy Star Pro to be delivered on 30.07.2014. But to much of my surprise, it reached on 24.07.2014. Hats off to FLIPKART.... About the product... I have been in association with Samsung for a quite a good time(even before Smart Phones have come). The other phones are so good. Reviews and the product specifications are excellent. Hope I will have a good time with this phone. I will review after 2 months of use again....
Good for android Beginners. use of this phone can be good experience from qwerty pad to touch pad. cons : Battery issue. Need to be charge within day, without fail.
It is a good phone in this range. Camera is fine and other features are also upto to the mark. Go for it.
got it for 5500rs from flipkart. cons : processor says 1ghz bt it lacks it has hanging problem . less ppi no 3g damn if it will be 3g than give it a 5 star but disappointmented pros: camera is good display is big in size altough ppi is very less ram is enough for 1 ghz processor i bought it for my dad they said you take this and give me other but i refused it as it hangs for big apps if you want to use few apps its good enough but if you are gadget freak and want low budget phone go for moto e 6999 only unfortunately bought it one month before moto e launch :( thanks :)
good phone but games lag like subway suffer temple run it has no front camera it has micro sim i would suggest tro buy good points clarity is good sound clarity is good back camera is good it is good phone you can buy it
Gud with the price -- Bad with the performance. It will lag if you open more than 2 apps.. Better to luk for other options.
NO SENSOR NO 3G POOR 512 MB RAM CHARGING PROBLEM BUT GOOD VOICE CLARITY USER FRIENDLY
Pros: Decent performance Touch screen works well Looks good Cons: Camera not good enough No flash 3g not supported! No front camera No sensor for auto brightness
It has mostly all the required features. Comes with micro-sim and the only miss which I see in this product is that it does not have 3G support rest all is up to the mark.
Very nice product and it is as described. good and safely packed. i will recommend my friends & relatives to buy in flipkart.
this is the best budget android phone, i have been using it for almost 6 months now it's performance is very reliable.
good product with good features worth buying at this price.only the battery consumption is too fast.good product with good features worth buying at this price.only the battery consumption is too fast.
very very worst phones from samsung, they are cheating indians by selling all the worst phones, i request everyone not to buy samsung phones pls look for any other alternative companies.
Pros: good display light in weight android 4.2 handles most of the multi tasking with ease cons: only 2 mp cam lags a bit when playing subway surf like games Over all if you are using a smart phone for the first time this a good one to start with!!!
This phone is good as according to its Cost. look is good but sometimes I am facing the hanging problem. Some applications is getting very slow.......
I bought this phone last week. His processsor is not slow when you play game like temple run... camera is poor in low light...become hanged when use two or three application ..
Nice mobile....great features at this price . built quality is good and the camera quality is also good.. does not have the problem of hanging
The mobile is user friendly. speedy response of screen touch. battery back up is also OK.Display of icons is also attractive. Size 4" is no burden for pocket.Camera quality of picture is good.
Good, value for money. what one can ask for a dual sim touch screen android phone. lighter in weight and not too big in size or not too small
Good phone, good looking, battery standby 2day, camera good in day time photo, no flash, no problem while accessing internet, over all phone is good for price.
I bought this phone for my teenage daughter. The phone was required to help her keep in touch in the busy schedule between school and classes and related travel. Given the fact that it will be used by a teenager, it was essential to have it equipped with an OS supporting social media applications and enough storage for music and games. I am pleased with the initial results and the phone being fit to purpose. At the cost way below 10K, I would recommend this to be a perfect buy. It brings you the very Android experience at a very affordable price tag. Durability is something that needs to be watched for.
good to buy pros: good battery good aps cons: lttle low battary backup ram somewhat low need strong panel need to reduce price
purchased this mobile fromFLIPKART at same price.... this mobile is for those people who wants android os applications at lower price point from a branded company like samsung... everything works fine...and yes you can play temple run smoothly but subway surfers lags a lot.... Display angle is not so good.... Volume is also low...... but internet rocks.... I decided to have a extra battery to carry ... FINAL CONCLUSION :- IF YOU ARE INTERSTED TO USE FACEBOOK,GMAIL,WHATSAPP,LIVE,INTERNET SURFING.....THEN PERFECT...BUT WANT TO PLAY GAMES.....IGNORE IT!
Its different by many features.. 1. Memory 16Gb inbuilt memory of the MotoG isn't just enough. You need a lot more space. Even though The Galaxy Star Pro S7262 has 4GB internal its enough bcz u kno the extendable(upto 32GB) option is still there. 2. Camera 2Mp camera. 3. Display TFT - 4inch 4. OS have the 4.3 Jellybean 5. Dual Sim You can have two sim cards and use the best features in each. 6. Stores and Repair Centres Samsung, need i say more? Anywhere u go u get parts. 7. Games and Apps Need i say something ??? Choose wisely. Depends on what u need. I've chosen for my loving sister. It is best phone in everyone's budget
Battery backup is too bad Phone getting heat very slow slow performance Some time phone is not responding black window is coming at the time of calls.
I am using this mobile from few days i have noticed that it is having worst battery life.It needs to be charged frequently . Also it takes lot of time to charge.
its a good budget phone from a trusted brand. BUT 1. device is slow. u have to wait a couple of minutes after switching on the phone for full functioning. if u install > 7/8 apps from store, it become sluggish enough to irritate u 2.gaming- poorest performance. even a 14mb game cannot run smoothly 3.no 3g 4.camera- qt good 5.touch- average 6.sound quality- average 7. display- qt good 8.poor battery life. after 5 hours charging u hardly get 10 hrs service
This is a nice Budget Smart Phone. Not a gaming phone of course. I have user this phone and this is first product from Flipkart. Nice timely Delivery and proper updates were sent. Nice service altogether.
One of the waste product from Samsung.Becz its always dead slow, If trying to call some one contacts will display after 5mints. can't use internet, whats up,facebook. Better u can go some Chinese.
Simply put Good Phone at Good Price.Worth buyong it. Through Flipkart especially through W.S Retail is icing on the cake. Phones are delivered with in the promised date.Price isuch less than the price in the traditional market.
good phone but no 3g and overall performance is good.i am happy that it is low cost to buy and one drawback is used minisim .
very slow mobile. it only 500 mb ram . pls do not perches it.Slow mobile and 5 hr battry backup only.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
best in its performance but, a little bit slower in using installed apps.there is also a problem about recieving calls,it gets cut off after three rings.
Item that I received is very acurate and delivered on time thanks to flipkart , Phone functing is very good just the thing that is dissapoint me that is lower MP camera & no front camera for video chat on this phone I can say its a average phone nothing special, on this price range you can get much better phone.
Please don't buy this Product.this has very bad for internet connectivity. also package stated that it was from the airtel offer pack.where if we buy this phone with some airtel plan. we get some 2GB dataplan free fro first 3 months. Although I believed Flipkart only delivers new and genuine products.but this i got from some Scheme.
This phone is good for all internet activities. Would not be good option if you are looking for a gaming phone. Good Job done by Samsung to bring a phone in this budget. Weak point is the 512 RAM. All in all a good buy for this budget.
This is a good Samsung phone in low price.I bought the phone 2 week ago locally, and quite happy with overall performance of the phone. It is a good phone with android functioning, useful for those who want to shift from basic button based phones to touch screen use - the no-nonsense phone !!!!
I.I have bought the product recently,and use it almost 17 hour in first. and what i feel is its much more better then any other product available in this price range,eg. Micromax A61 almost 5k but it have slow performance,system lag playing games eg. subwaysurfer dead trigger 1,2 etc but this phone deliver awesome,i love playing in it.no system lag even multi tasking work great.screen size is good,colour is awesome no fade screen like nokia x.camera is of 2mp and its enough for me.512 ram is awesome in its class,what good is its pre-built with 4gb rom system use 2gb and left 2gb for user which is good if a user don't want to use a memory card !! 2.what best is flipkart rocks,delivered within given time period and its been nicely wrapped with bubbles and hard board packing that's good.
Since May 2014 I using this mobile set, battery backup good, processor slow, but I am happy with this product, wishing all the best to flipkart.com
the resolution is very good and this is a best entry android for new users,and the dual sim is also a best part
Its simply the best phone from Samsung in this price range... It has good WiFi connectivity... Dual sim is added bonus... Touch is good.. Camera Quality is also good.. may not be the best but ok for this price range.. Got it with Airtel Offer to use 2G internet for free for 2 months (1GB limit)
Worst mobile. This product is useless. So much of OS Crshes, No battery back up, camera is worst. If anyone wants to buy, then pls go for other models....
This mobile is good to buy. Works well and good mobile for starting Android device for new users. Applications are working fine and user is happy.
I bought a Samsung Galaxy Star Pro which is best value for money in its class.Top of that I got exemplary customer service + on time delivery + great packing,kudos to Flipkart.
Excellent Delivery with Best Product, Best site for online purchase, Good E-Commerce ethics to meet competitor and get low price with high quality products.
This phone is certainly worth it's price and size. It's battery drains pretty fast. My earphones did not work properly at first. It has good memory. :) That's about it. This is good for college use and stuff. I bought this just yesterday and now it sorts of hangs. :(
Irritating phone. Always hang Event open contact list, it will take long time. Most of Android apps will not be supportable Problem in Network strength
THE SAMSUNG GALAXY STAR PRO WHITE... IS quite good... but the ram is very poor...430mb only... its poor...so when we download more apps... the phone will be slow... the gaming is good...when i purchased this phone...i thought it will be very speed.. but its slow..it is also value for money...if you want your phone to very fast.. delete some usless apps...when you on the phone.. thats all i want to say abt the phone..:D
Good quality mobile within this price range.I liked this product. Will recommend for the people who are having their budget lesser than 8K.
The star pro is a very simple phone. Its only pro is its large screen and its connectivity options. Low budget and pocket friendly, its meant for the simplest tasks.
Gr8 offered for price tag. Pros : 1.Great n vivid display with maximum viewing angles,16 M colors 2.Internal memory is good. 3.Dual sim 4.Wi-fi direct,Wifi hotspot 5.1500 mah battery cons : 1.1 Ghz A5 Processor which is outdated. 2.No flash for camera 3.No HD recording 4.No front camera 5.Less RAM 512. Needs at least 768 MB or 1 GB for smooth functioning.
good fon, value for money. And That too in budget, just one problem, its battery. Average or little lesser level battery and screen is pretty ok i size. All gud.
I just bought it for my friend! If you are going to buy one I'd strongly recommend "MOTO E"! having great speed and good qualities.. you might consider MOTO family! Since the Samsung really suks with the same design and UI. you don't even get kitkat updates on s3 or bigger phones. But MOTO E gives you guaranteed updates to even 4.4.3
on the 4th day the screen went black.... got it replaced quickly by flipkart just hoping the new piece works fine. The replaced phone is working fine till now. The 5 stars are for Flipkart services. Its appreciable to know that Flipkart quickly took responsibility for the same and had the product replaced.
Great look.... . Great Mobile on this range,,,,, good touch response, great screen The one problem is the camera has no auto focus,,,,,
I bought this mobile phone for my Dad and he is so happy, Although he is not used to handle Touch Screen Phones but this is what you get in the market now, All the apps he wanted work without a blemish, Whatass, Money Control, Twitter etc. I would say that this is a cell phone who would not like to carry a large screen phone but with good and limited features and with good performance.
being a jellybean version cell phone the games which supports in ics cannot be played in it,The mobile also has got a lot of battery problems!!!!!duhhhhhh!!!!what a waste!!!!!!
FLIPKART gave delivery on time like always. i ordered it on a monday and got the phone by thursday :) (before estimated delivery time which was friday) ABOUT THE PHONE - i have only 2 complains - 1. camera quality not that good . picture quality is bad. 2 mp camera so cant expect too much out of it. 2. battery life is below my expectation. i use only whatsapp,wikipedia app and the times of india app that also for hardly 1 hr a day.,no gaming or no long calls, BUT STILL THE BATTERY DOESNT LAST FOR A DAY. its a big disappointment. apart from these 2 cons i have no other complains :) its a good phone for beginners but not for gamers at all bcz its battery life is not that long. but keeping in mind the low price its a descent phone at this price range.
This is an OK phone. I bought it for 5.4k for my wife a month ago, so can't complain that it doesn't do a lot of things well. At this price range, there are better phones from other companies, but I don't trust them much. Hangs a little, battery drains quickly. Performance is smooth for its price, at least the games I installed like Clash of Clans, etc. 4" display is good. Sound output is a little low. However, now that I am buying the Moto E for myself, I wish I had not bought this phone and bought the Moto E for her instead.
The product was good and satisfactory. And the flipkart delivery is very fast, on-time and safe. Impressing part is its shipment coverage is upto small towns.
I bought this mobile from a local store as I had to exchange my old Micromax A89 Ninja mobile. The specification of this phone is almost similar to my previous one (A89). However, the overall android experience was much better in Micromax, which is really surprising for me. Here is the summary - Pros: Good audio through speaker and headphones Graphics looks sharper than A89 Much better call quality compared to A89 Cons: Overall android experience - not smooth at all, really tests your patience Gaming - pathetic Fruit Ninja, Temple run 2 - lags a lot but playable Subway surfer - almost not playable at times Overall, suggested if you are short in budget and have no trust on Micromax or other Indian brands.
Samsung Galaxy Star Pro S7262 is not a very nice phone in this range if you want to buy a phone go for micromax you will get much better phone than this
I bought this mobile from a local store as I had to exchange my old Micromax A89 Ninja mobile. The specification of this phone is almost similar to my previous one (A89). However, the overall android experience was much better in Micromax, which is really surprising for me. Here is the summary - Pros: Good audio through speaker and headphones Graphics looks sharper than A89 Much better call quality compared to A89 Cons: Overall android experience - not smooth at all, really tests your patience Gaming - pathetic Fruit Ninja, Temple run 2 - lags a lot but playable Subway surfer - almost not playable at times Overall, suggested if you are short in budget and have no trust on Micromax or other Indian brands.
I PURCHASED THIS MOBILE FROM A LOCAL MARKET AT SAME PRICE BUT IF YOU ARE PLANNING TO BUY THIS PHONE BY FLIPKART OR ANY LOCAL MARKET PLEASE ITS MY REQUEST DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY IN THIS MOBILE . IAM SAYING THIS BECAUSE ITS PROCESSOR IS VERY SLOW AND IF YOU HAVE YOU HAVE CHARGED YOUR PHONE 100% IF YOU OPEN IT AFTER 15 MIN IT WILL BE 80 % WHITOUT USING . GAMES DOESNT WORK PROPERLY .I WILL CONCLUDE THAT IAM GOING TO SELL THIS PON OR ILL EXCHANGE IT AND BUY NEW MOBILE .
performance is great camera quality is good price great features set is not hanging can use freely with all the applications by installing
Galaxy Star Pro S7262 MObile working is too slow. And the battery Performance is too weak. I think Battery is not genuine.
With the price tag on it for around 5k flipkart is offering, you won't find any other better phone than this. Besides, it's an android base phone which opens up a lot of apps for you. But battery runs out pretty fast if you are using net all the time. Otherwise, a smart at this price; you should go for it if you don't want to pay more than 5k.
good for internet surfing.worst for graphic games.temple run and subway surfers lag a bit.good for only medium range users.
Good product with lots of features in low price. Pros: Great screen, dual sim. Cons :@MP camera Small battery
I was looking for a entry level phone for my son , well he is going to college so ofcourse just any phone will not do , I might say I chose samsung because it has proven to have good products and this does not fail. Its outer cover is good and the screen size is just right.setup of the phone initially took just under a minute to get going, you do need a wifi when you are setting it up initially, as you need to setup samsung account and google account too. now the durability will depend on how my son uses it but I am recoking it will be a year before he decides to upgrade it. However I am quite happy, as it was exactly what I was looking for and looking at my son's face I am sure he is happy too. A good phone overall . Must buy for budgeted customers.
This phone is totally value for money. Instead of going for cheap quality companies like micromax,Karbon,etc. go for Samsung! Only one complain-lack of GPS, it means you can't see your accurate current location on GMaps, but not a big problem as i don't use navigation much. Lumia is bit costlier with windows 8, but if you like android, this phone is the best. Conclusion? Around Rs. 5000 you can't find a better COMPLETE phone.
very good product to use at this low price and phone is low weight and Had a great experience buying on Flipkart
Just got this mobile for a friend a mine. A very good smartphone for a nominal price that can easily access all the applications . 1 problem is that it is compatiable olnly with 2g
this is one of the worst cellphones ever made by samsung...i thought it will be a decent cellphone to use as a standy phone as i have 3 numbers..but its really annoying that this phone lags even without any application installed...!!! poor touch response and worst performance... SAMSUNG IS NOW COMING TO AN END IN MOBILE MARKET..!!!
Its a just OK product with just OK processor with just OK price overall its just OK so if you are looking for a branded cheap phone it might be it
I bought it from flipkart to gift my mom as her first smartphone. delieverd in just 2 days..she is too happy with it.font size can be enlarged in setting as she has developed presbyopia part and parcel of age.display is good...perfect mobile to gift to parents..screen size is good enough to see..and mobile weight 121gm can hold in one hand easily.2 gb available space good enough...no 3g...but wifi is thr..not an issue for elderly ppl.
Nice to see the new mobile @ this cost with this much screen sieze and Rs1000 lesser than outside market.
good low budget phone If you are a game lover, then this may disappoint you as games like temple run, subway surfer etc, get stuck while playing.
product is good at affordable price... excellent with latest version of android I love to buy in flipkart for the fast delivery
It is useful for gmail, faebook, whatapp. It is not suitable for toplay games. Battery getting low.However is better for low cost
a good phone for someone in this price range ..........has android, whatsapp. youtube etc, support. body is strong and sturdy......very samsung like. 4gb internal memory makes it a winner.......... lacks in a few places....... poor battery life........need to charge daily even for regular use without games. camera poor quality.... no flash... no 3g scratch guard that comes along is badly positioned.....becomes useles if u try adjusting it suggested by it if u r not a gaming freak and dont have much camera use.......else add 3000 more and go for Galaxy S Duos.
the phone is quite good...keeping in mind that its a budget phone..it is excellent..latest os ...ram is not toooo lowww..trust me..lags r rare..
Phone is good with the features they have speciied . I would suggest that they can provide an extra case for this phone
Its the cool and goof phone for the beginners in this price range, not for the bookworms in Android. It gets hang very frequent when we go for multiple application such as viber, skype and other high end games.
I have never seen such a horrible phone. It's a damn slow device. Battery backup is frustrating. Most of the time "TouchWiz not responding" error message will come. Hangs very frequently. Booting time is just hell.
Well look & processing speed Affordable price.. Screen resolution also good Sound also well Outlook as well as internal hardware's ok..
I bought this mobile in November 2013 from local market at rs. 6600. But I had a worst experience with my first android phone. Whenever I connected this phone with WiFi or 2G EDGE network, It got tooo slow to operate anything on mobile phone. I was completely out with its slow performance and thrown away this phone. Fully unsatisfied.
Samsung Galaxy Star Pro is best phone among budget phone.The one who only want to use "What'sApp" & "Facebooks", this phone is of best choice.I'd bought this for my uncle.So its user friendly for elder people to learn basic functions smart phones.This is phone in nice compare to cheap MIcromax, Gionne, iBall etc.
all futures are good if you are using too much games, net battery goes down quickly which is normal in all low budget android phones... touch, resolution everything is good , battery is 1500mhr pretty good power dont think again .. go for it
the camera and mobile functioning also very nice it is the best mobile i prefer with the low cost and many features
This is a good product. you can go for it if you want cheap android phone for normal use. not preferable for gaming.
all the features is good.. but it is not 3g supported phone...i cant believe that samsung cant 3g on that price... galaxy pocket neo has 3g facilitry.. but galaxy star pro is a above 6000 range phone,, bt it has not.. so net is vey slow.. facebook,, whats app, skype, line all are slow.. I really shocked..
It is Just a Good Phone By Looks ! But After Ten Days It Will Go Like Very Very LAggy ! People With This Budget Go For XOLO A500s !!! (Best Phone Ever) Flipkart Service Was Excellent! Dilevered within 2 Days!
its nice low budget smart phone, useful for new android user, RAM is low, but ok for small application users, Hang on big applications.
Guys!! Here is the review on Samsung Galaxy Star Pro.. I purchased this product from flipkart at Rs.6000 and it was awesome product for limited usage. Pros: 1. Price effective 2. 2 MP camera but clarity awesome 3. 4 inch Display with good resolution with awesome touch feel.. 4. Latest Android version and it supports most of the applications Cons: 1. More battery consuming 2. Cannot install more applications it may get hang Finally guys, this phone might have some limitations but just think how much you are paying.. For 6k Android phone with 4 inch display phone!! You can go ahead to buy this product!!
In the same price with samsung brand it be a superb item if its battery backup would remain good. After 100% charging if you do not use the phone even you do not call or sms, it is fully discharge within 6 hours. If you use call and sms service (10 calls+ 10 sms) it will be discharged within 4 hours. If you wish to use it as a smart phone it should be connected to wall socket with its charger.
Average phone. Poor Battery. I had purchased this phone in last week. when I handled this phone,quality is like Chaina phone
very poor n slow phone... i would like to give it 1 on scale of 10 i would strongly reccomnt nt to buy it
i have used karbonn a6 otherwise i also ahve a iphone 5s but i wanted to upgrade karbonn i baught this nice delivery but little bit slow.....i am happy with this phone better then karbonn...
This has everything - best brand name, good sleek looks, smartphone capabilities, good battery longevity, affordable price. Pros: - 4 inch screen - handy, good pixelation. - Touchscreen quality is very good, no lags. - Sleek and attractive - Best phone to buy if you use internet sparsely (supports only 2G). Cons: - camera quality is poor for 2 MP. - does not have 3G (I don't mind)
Pros:Excellent camera clarity, low price than the market price. Cons:No Front camera, No extra memory card is provided with the box
Good for a person who has switched from very basic keypad phones. Phone lags a lot, Display is good, Battery is comparatively bad compared to other brands of the same category.
Its nice phone in this budget, but camera quality should be better. FM should be without wire. Nice sound quality and other features.
With the kind of price positioning of this product, I think the handset has all ingredients needed to fulfill the functional requirements of the user. The features may not be high end for example the camera has no flash and in fact the handset has no 3G, but it does fulfill one's basic needs of a phone (android based, good touch technology). It is a good product for the price at which it is available. However, I would suggest also look at this phone which is about a grand more and is a version higher in the Samsung Galaxy series if paying 1 grand extra will make a marginal difference to your budget.
smart phone, smart choice ,good in price range,brand trusted,and last but not least flipkart is best buying place
I ordered this phone and after 3 days i received it,nice mobile although not fast.Its basically for those users who dont use the phone much other than calling.Volume is ok ok.but display is quite good.Best of luck to the buyers.
This is very good for internet usage and screen resolution is too good.Go and grab it...Worth of this low price.
flipkart when it was newly launched they delivered products with in one or 2 days only, but now a days they are also taking too much time to deliver , need to improve service .. Products what they will send all are good only , from past 1 year i am using only flipkart and ebay for online purchase ...
worth buying, awwwsum service from flipkart.Please buy products only from ws retail and not from any other seller......................
I have recently bought this model but it is not too good cause i can't select anything at once but have to touch the screen twice, thrice then it will work (Touch panel too bad) and sometime its hang by itself. I regret of buying this model.
In this price range display is very good. but it is not a 3g phone so think before buying. Performance is also not upto mark.
first of all thanks Flipkart team for nice service. I'm writing this review after one month of use just awesome...only drawback is not having 3G otherwise phone is excellent in this price range..
I really love shopping in Flipkart coz of its prompt delivery and lovely packing,,,mobile seems good,i bought it for a gift for my valentine,,she is excieted so obviously it seems to be a good mobile at budget that we can gift it to multiple valentines as well:)
a very good phone with budget price. Liked the features and looks is also very good. Battery backup is average. overall a very good product. worth buying.
nice phone to handle with good screen size.irritating feature is the lock that appears on dialing which stops you to use key pad simultaneously. It is also not compatible with 3G. In spite of the drawbacks it is fair value for your money.
Mostly i wont prefer Samsung because of hung problems. But its different and looks cool. 4 gb internal is so gud even i can play Temple run OZ with this without any struck. 1GHZ processor working well.
I gifted this phone to my mother, as she is first time touch-wiz user. But as per her feedback, she is loving this phone and its features.
I Got this phone and happy with it so far. battery back up is not good otherwise phone is good to buy
thanks for the quickest delivery of flipkart.. but main problem with mobile its battery back up is too low without using any internet its hard to get 3hrs... best suggestion is to go for higher models will be much better i think
Nice smart phone for budget price. I have not used it though. Had gifted it to my mom. But how come the box does not contain Data cable for file transfer. Plus Sim card slots are for micro SIM. Please ensure before buying, else you need to cut your standard SIM, using a SIM cutter. Risky & irreversible. Product Rating: Average. FlipKart Service: Great service as usual. Product was delivered way before time.
better is samsung and its the best in all............akes a good review? 1. Have you used this product? It's always better to review a product you have used. 2.
I have purchased this mobile is last week.Good quality mobile at such low price. Its 2G network is working well. Sound quality good also picture quality is good. Its battery for 2G lasts longer for 14Hrs where as same range micromax mobile battery lasts for 2Hrs only. Its WI-FI also working fine. I was using D-Link dongle for net but its performance is very poor compare to Samsung this model. I can suggest to buy this mobile.
Good Phone, covered the all features with in low price, price wise this worth full, drawbacks:: No 3G, camera only 2M, No Flash more application uses 512MB RAM is not sufficient. Battery backup
The thing i most liked about this phone is the display. But looks decieve. It has an extremely poor battery. I have low volume of calls and this phone does not hold for even one day.
Battery backup is very poor, the battery lasts only for 8hrs (without data and WIFI). Else the phone is good for an beginner.
Android 4 and above that means ICS and jelly bean and kitkat need atleast 1GB RAM to avoig lag and perform smoothly if you load apps. So buy other samsung phones with 1GB RAM. The experience will be much smoother comparatively.
Things to note are. 1. No GPS 2. No Proximity Sensor Otherwise this phone is good for its money.
Though low battery quality but performance while playing games is the best .For temple run oz or may be subway sufers etc .
Flipkart is good. but the product have no 3G support. All functions are working fine. apps are installing as usual. general items are well behaving. nucleus is round with mitochondria. plasma membrane is in liquid form. rest all fine. i feel review is done now.
Good & nice product. Very good value for money. Buy only if you dont care about photography. That's the only negative about this phone. Also if has no flash - pls note.
I AM BUY THE SAMSUNG GALAXY STAR PRO S7262 ITS GOOD PHONE IN VERY CHEEP PRICE AND TO HANDY USE VALUE FOR MONEY
The product got delivered in good quality and the product is good for its price. The only hassle with the product is to use a micro-SIM card.
at the rate of 6080 its worth to buy android 4.2 device. phone is looks good. processor is good but low on ram. camera quality is good. overall its good deal at this price against any china phones or say micromax or others.
Those who dont want to use 3G technology the phone is the best deal for them. Resolution of the screen is very good, battery and touch quality is also good. As internal memory is of 4GB so no need of external memory card to be used right now. Personally, I am happy with the product.
I liked this product very much. It has all the features which I wanted e.g. it has good internet speed, good camera and huge disk space. The best thing is its low price with all the features which one would need.
Good Phone however, working slow. VithU app is not working. Most of the games and aps are working fine! The good point is Features at good price. U cannot get a S4 or 5S in 6500. Go for white as black is not pure black.
Battery dries down fast while using internet...else the phone is superb at this price. temple run works well. am yet to use other games
A good phone but the saddest part is that it does not have the original samsung music player and the system memory occupies 3 GB which leaves us with only 1 GB and that is not enough!!
In this purchase I am happy with price and packing. Samsung Galaxy Star Pro S7262 is a good mobile in basic model.
Very poor battery. Camera is 2MP but it is okay for this price. Need to provide good battery since battery is the main concern. If you browse internet continuously for 2 hours, battery will die.
price-6500 no gps, no 3g, no flash light, no front camera, no proximity sensor, rear cam is only 2mp, single core cpu to handle jelly beans' functions, ram 512, can't play 720p videos because of single core cpu, very-very bad gaming performance. no compass, gpu is also not good.. phir hai kya iss phone me? bass ye samsung ka LOGO.. go for karbonn, micromax, nokia or other phones..
1.ST SPECIAL THANKS TO FLIKPKART FOR GREAT PACKING AND DELIVERY SERVICES. 2. THE PHONE IS REALLY AWESOME. 3 TOUCH RESPONSE 5 OUT OF 5 4. ANDROID 4.1OUT OF 5. 5. SCREEN SIZE 4 OUT OF 5. 6. PRICE 5 OUT OF 5. 7.LOOKS 4.3 OUT OF 5. OUTSTANDING
don't bye this phone because it is just waste of money i bought it 2 days ago and their is so hanging problem coming while taking a photo it get hang secondly the APPS which we download crash and the person which are using money to by apps like me is very bad because it crashed my 4 apps if u r going to buy a cell phone at this budget then u should go for micromax canvas viva AGAIN I'M TELLING U GUYS THAT DON'T BUY THIS PHONE
Nice phone with Jelly bean out of the box. This is not a phone if you are looking to install a lot of apps n games. Multi-tasking is quite difficult since it packs just 1Ghz Cortex-A5 processor with 512 MB RAM. However works perfectly for what u have paid.
I bought it. It is marvelous for this cost. i recommend u to buy this phone. it does not have sufficient battery back up. other than this disadvantage. everything is so good.
A decent mobile with average features but with the price they are offering its really a good buy. Advantage of mobile is its display screen with the price they are offering.
This phone is completely made of very cheap plastic. Game such as Subway Surfer, Temple run lags quite frequently Viewing angles are worse
Samsung Galaxy Star Pro is a good phone with android technology, apps are great and resolution is perfect, but the disadvantages of this product are 1- battery is horrible 2- camera is not good 3- and the processor is very very slow but this phone is the best android phone within this price
At this price a dual sim phn with 4 inch screen 512 ram 4 gb internal 1500 mah battery play games like subway surfer temple run smoothly its everything at this price its so light too in hands go for it i bought it for my mother She is loving it...... :)
FIRST LOOK IS AWESOME BUT SOUND IS LOW AND VERY NICE LOOK. This is product delivery is very good. what we want in this mobile all is there in mobile and the mobile look very grand very rich ful and good sport another mobile equpal to any cost mobile
CON : 1. Battery Life is poor. 2. Not supported Viber & some other Apps. This is very unexpected feature from Samsung. So those who used to free talked with viber, don't buy this phone. 3. Heating Problem. Mobile get heated on continue use of wifi and games. PRO: 1. Good looking, 4inch smart phone with No. 1 Brand 2. 4 GB Internal Memory & 512 MB Ram is sufficient for modest user. This is not for high level Game lover. 3. Supporting 9 Indian Language including Hindi, Gujarati, Marathi, Punjabi & Bengali. Local Language Menu is good. This is not possible in All China based So Called Indian Branded Mobile. ( Amazing.. Indian Branded Mobile not supported Indian Language..!!!!!) 4. Good service support from Samsung. Overall : if you are modest user than this is one of the good looking branded mobile
Samsung Galaxy STAR Pro contains Excellent features in low price. It will give stiff competition among the mobile manufacturing companies.
worth for money, picture clarity and sound is good, any people can buy in this budget. this product is better than galaxy y, and great experience buying on flipkart.
i have using this mobile and 4 inch screen size realy nice.... everything works fine...and yes you can play temple run smoothly but subway surfers lags a lot.... Display angle is not so good....
Using this phone from last 2 weeks. Phone is good atleast in 7000 range . Will get slow if played games with other applications Like wi-fi or 2G data . But my feeling is good . Overall rating at this price is Good !!!!
I took this cell 3 days bak. its nw king of all samsung smart phones below 10k. wen ever some one look at my phone and ask is this S Duos!!!. Simply Awesome....... jus take it soon buddies...
I got it yesterday... pros - awesome looking and display feels like crystal.. battery is good enough for 4" display 4gb memory is just excellent cons - 2 mp cam is ok (expect 3mp) ONE FEATURE that could have been added that is 3G
