MOBDTBMWQUYFK7UG
I really feel sad that IBALL is not promoting their product like Samsung and Nokia and other biggies do.... they do have some really good products....Although i did not buy the product from flipkart ..i am happy to write a review ....Andi 5K Sparkle is awesome for the price ..i got it at Rs.7490 on an exchange offer and i was really impressed with product that i went and bought 1 more phone the same evening.... Quad core processor 8 Mp camera 5 inches screen what else does 1 needs ...:) Battery is 1850mah which last for a day if we done play games continuously.....i am talking with WiFi continuously ON ......... Problem is there are no cases or covers available for this product .....also the back cover is matte finish which tends to get smudges when handle continuously.... Only thing i found which iball could have added was RAM which is only 512Mb , would have been awesome if they have given 1 GB.... I was planning to buy Lava iris 406Q which was recently launched ,,but the moment i saw Andi 5K sparkles i fell in love with it ...been using it since 2 week and no probs so far... Go for it guys ..................
phone definitely looks good and performance is also extreme A budget phone it could have been more better if they launch it in screen size "4.5"`inch. buy it
This is very excellent phone,, i think i ball will be a India's most trustful brand, battery life is so long i also impress with themes manager No any bad Pre-installed apps found in phone, all apps are usable Touch is very smooth Only one problem found- battery charge time is very long Earphone voice and phone voice quality is very good all over phone run with "High speed and High Performance"
After using this phone, I would recommend not to buy this phone its este of money and time. One must not buy any iball cheap mobiles. Iball is really cheating the customers.
I am using this phone from last 10 months This is very excellent phone,, i think i ball will be a India's most trustful brand, battery life is so long i also impress with themes manager No any bad Pre-installed apps found in phone, all apps are usable Touch is very smooth Only one problem found- battery charge time is very long Earphone voice and phone voice quality is very good all over phone run with "High speed and High Performance"
I am using this phone from last 10 months Never Hang Never feel battery problem... . you can automaticaly save your all application data and incoming files on sd card by choosing simple options and you simply move 3G service to one sim to another by choosing some simple options. picture photo (by both camera) and video quality is also fine.
I thought of purchasing a new android phone and so i come to know about iball sparkle. In this price it compete with samsung duos, nokia 625, HTC in looks, picture and camera quality or i could say that better than them. It has been 5 months since i purchased it,It working fine. And delivery items sent by FLIPKART is in gud condition, no need to worry about it.
