B00833V2L2
Worked like charm the first two months and then showed its true colours. Presently, 7 months later: 1. Phone book and dialer takes 30 seconds to load. In a moving vehicle, or when the phone's not in the 'mood', it takes even longer. 2. Camera would hardly respond while on the move. It seems to have a mind of its own in any case so loading speed really depends on its mood. In general, one needs to press the button real hard and forget about it for a while for the camera to load. 3. Message takes a long time to load and sometimes hangs too. Pretty useless if one is in a hurry. 4. Photo viewer hangs just like that. 5. Pathetic photo editor...ruins an otherwise good photo if you try to improve it. 6. Google Maps just hangs when you need it the most. 7. Does not allow any upgrades to the OS. We did it once and it almost stopped working so we had to factory reset it. 8. Camera flash. I cannot call it a flash since it's just a very weak light that goes on but does not really work. 9. Takes a long time to take pictures. 10. Most importantly, it's battery is just too weak to keep 3G on, or data on or wi-fi on. So, if any one of these is left on, the phone dies in like just a few hours. It dies at the rate of 10% every 15 minutes or so. With all of these off, it stays for a couple of days. 10. The only things good about it are its sleek feel, appearance and size. Music player functions well. So, it's really an MP3 player...not a phone. All in all, a waste of a phone since dialer, phone book, and messaging just don't function well enough. With such weak battery, one wont really call it a smart phone. 'Smart' needs redefining with a phone like this. Would never recommend it. Piece of trash.
Guyz I used this device for almost 2 yrs nd I know almost eevery flaw nd cons Pros first- 1- killer looks 2- led transparent band 3- nice display vivid nd sharp enough 4- Ui is nice nd feels nice 2 use 5- net speed decent Cons_ it will take a day to write all the cons so I would write most imimportant ones 1- hangs more when you use more 2- low speaker volume outdoors 3- picking up calls takes such long that it's missed most of times 4- indoor shot pics are noisy 5- very bad battery life (4 hours) 6- heats up like u need 2 keep it refrigerater 7- low ram etc, etc... Read other reviews for more cons
