B00BEBS2RC
I purchased to my daughter, internal memory is very less but it is very efficient, and the touch experience is excellant the price is little bit expensive but it is value for money, I purchased sony xperia typo the specifications is more higher than this but performance and experience are poor, friends recommendations and online reviews and amazon's reputation atlost i purchased and enjoing the product.
I bought this mobile a few years back for my mother for a price of Rs 9990 from a local shop. This is a good cellphone which has seen heavy use by my mother. Even now she uses it. The speaker is loud which is good. And there are no heating issues. What is really interesting is that this phone has a thriving community of hackers who have released custom android ROMs. Just do a google search for "HTC Explorer Pico Cyanogen Mod ROMS" and you will get the idea. I will not recommend that you buy this phone today as the memory is only 512MB. You won't be able to install and run most of the graphics intensive apps of today. I had to root the phone to make more space to install a few more apps. Still there is no space for running whatsapp, facebook etc. But the fact remains that this is a very well built phone. Now a days, you seldom see such good quality builds for phones. So even though it is an old phone, I give it 4 stars.
"If you ever want to throw 7.5k in a dustbin better spend it on this phone.". internal memory is so low that after installing apps with memory 0f total 20mb, this phone tells you that either u uninstall those apps or i wont show u ur photos, music or let u operate it without throwing a warning every 20 mins. Battery standby time is so bad that ur entire battery discharges with minimal usage like making 4-5 calls in whole day.NO HEAD/EAR PHONES PROVIDED. NO UPDATES TO ANDROID VERSION. IF YOU ARE BUYING THIS PHONE ,U R THE BIGGEST IDIOT IN THIS WORLD.im sure u can understand my frustation and what's with the amazon's price tag, it shows 12.5 k, i got it 2 years earlier for 7.5k
its good. worthfull... ... .... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . . . . . . . .
my first android for 8k an year before.obviously i was its fanboy...but it has its cons n pros. pros- awesome touch response,nice graphics,high ppi density and its htc cons- low internal memory 600mhz processor(though it works better than 800mhz ones)
