B00CL4I1W2
Good budget phone. Runs all basic apps well. Runs games like Temple Run and Subway Surfers well. If WhatsApp, facebook , e-mail, music and casual gaming is your requirement, then go for this phone.
it has a single core processor with worst screen .. colour look like washed off..only 2gb internal and apps cant moved to external sd.. only it has a brandvalue of samsung...lost my 7900 bugs by buying this crap... anuntu benchmark.4000... use it for only calling..pls dont buy this go for moto e or asus zenphone..
Good phone...I have got it for my teenage daughter as her birthday gift. All other features are good in this phone although camera is only 3mp but its ok. Solves purpose for her who uses it for calling and watts app. Overall value for money considering samsung brand.
good delivery, and a product is what i expect. dual sim and camera very good a nice product to start with new generation mobil
Hi, We did not have a good experience with this Samsung model. Not even 4 months have passed the incoming calls are not received. I don't find this issue when I use any other mobile with the same SIM. Also the mobile body is getting heated up when the battery is charged. Now just 6 montsh have passed I am seeing another issue that the mobile is automatically getting switched off and very time to call I need to switch on explicitly .
This is one of the finest phones in this price range. I'll quickly jump on the main points. Pros: Lightweight Slim Great responsive touch Crystal Clear Sound Quality 3G Supported 1GHz Processor and 3GB Internal memory Motion Sensors 3MP Camera Cons: Short length data cable No wireless radio Simple Headphones Single Speaker at the back 1300 MAh battery darin out quickly in 3G mode All in all a good phone for the price. The touch is good and the Jellybean works very well. All apps whatsapp, line, viber, facebook and games flappy bird, moto racer, angry birds, talking tom etc. works very well. The screen clarity is also very sharp and crisp, it's a 3.25 inch screen. For Android starters, this is a superb and very good phone. Definitely go for it without worrying. Update your phone's software immediately after purchase, it's a 62 MB download because that will increase more stability of your device. A good phone. Buy it for a smooth android experience. Tip: Use Matt finish screen guard for keeping long screen life, plus you should also use back covers for it. Flip covers all works well.
Everything is fine with the mobile except that the battery drains much faster even in idle state. If battery gives good backup then this is the best phone.
Good phone small and sweet
bit costly
Nice one we purchasing in amazon, we will suggest to people to buy like this products in amazon site Thanks
Small, sleek, less weight, easy to use.... Dual Sim... Bought it for F-I-L and he likes it... good phone for the price.
