B00CE2LO8Y
When hunting for a new mobile phone, being biased by flood of android based phones in market, in beginning I was bit skeptical about Windows OS. But its just a matter of a couple of days of hands on it, I found it is better than my existing android phone. No hangs, no delays, utter smooth operation. People said that there are few apps for Windows, I found that there are lot of options for normal users. May be for app freaks, they may be less! For someone who is addicted to social media apps like facebook, this is the best phone. Facebook is deeply integrated in the OS. Touch is near perfect. Performance is superb which I judged by playing Asphalt 5 game on the device, it runs as charm with full details on! I liked the "Kid's Corner" feature, very useful when you have kids around. Build quality is very good, form factor and screen size are optimum. Feels good to hold in hands. Offline maps feature is decent however you may not find it as informative as google maps. Some features may be lacking (like easy interface for enabling, data networks, WiFi, Bluetooth and Airplane mode), but then there is widget for that. It would be better if this widget comes pre-installed in the OS. Sound is quite good. Creating and managing playlists is a pain. I am unable to figure out a clean way of doing it yet. But once done that should not bother any user regularly. Call quality, voice clarity etc are very good. Overall a very good phone in this price range. Of course quite a good bargain when bought from Amazon as compared to other online stores as well as retailers.
Amazon: - Delivered in time as mentioned. - Product Original. - Packing was good. - Helpful interaction with amazon team :) Bought this handset for my Dad at 6999 INR. Using it from 1 month. Positives: - Light weight. - Easy to hold and goes well in your pockets. - Build quality excellent. - Ips display perfect under sunlight. - Sufficient features and applications available. - Battery life very good last 3 -4 days. - Operating system smooth no lag. - Audio quality good. - Voice clarity good. - Camera apps and camera perfect in sunlight but decent performance under low light :( - The most beautiful feature i found is the Kid's Corner. Here, you can create different profile for your kid. And you will be at peace, while your child is trying her hands at your mobile. With this profile, your child can not make any outgoing calls or can not mend with your important files in the phone. Restrictions: - Front camera - Flash - 512 mb RAM (few high graphics games lags or not possible to play at present). So it is not disadvantages it is actually restriction of this handset .... Disadvantages: - At 3G mode handset becomes hot and battery drains very fast . - The headset bundled with box are not so good and don't have facility to answer the call from headset. - There is no key to search within mobile, instead there is a key that takes you to the web search engine- Bing. - File manager missing.
I liked this phone. kudos to Amazon for delivering it on time. Good windows phone, sturdy build and quality. Very smooth. What I liked so much was the free Office suite they have - Word, Powerpoint and Excel - for free. But, no profiles for silent, outdoor. Good phone for office purposes.
The price for which I've bought this phone is less than Rs.6800. And, trust me, I'm loving keeping this phone as my secondary phone. The touch response is awesome, switching app is even smoother, using a windows OS is totally different than the Android as I'm using Nexus 4, and I'm loving using this new OS in such a nice phone in this price. Now coming on to the services of amazon.in I have always considered that flipkart has the best services, may it be refunding process, replacement process, cancellation process or delivery time. But this time, amazon.in has played its part after stepping into the world of competition in Indian market. Trust me I'm amazed the way they have started their website by such low prices for almost every product. Their own courier facility is even better than Flipkart that anyone can rely on it without keeping any followup. I must say that other leading websites like Flipkart and Ebay must start thinking upon their new rival now as its gonna be the best in few time. I wish you guys all the very best! Kudos!!!
I purchased Lumia 520 handset @ Oct 22nd 2013. After using 4 months Power on/off button not working.......... Something bad about Nokia
For 7.5k good phone and no lag- great useability and I love Here drive and Nokia music. Good integration of all the social app.
superb working. No lag at all like android phones. Camera is also of good quality. Internet speed is also too good. No lag in playing HD videos.
It is good phone in less price. It includes almost all the features and performance is good. Battery is aslo good.
Nokia lumia 520 is the best smartphone at the sub 8k price point.It beats down every android phone at this range in terms of performance, screen quality and built.Full marks to Nokia for this product.
Vibrator is not working within 1 month. I will start heating up if internet is used for more than 1 hour. It will hang many times.
- Windows OS is great but it do hung up at times - touch screen comes to a standstill often and key tend to press by itself. - customer care service responded asking a 20 days time for replacing touch scree. I had to know why Nokia dint make it a normal touch screen, who needs a super sensitive touch screen which doesnt work.Those who are planning to buy this mobile please read complete reviews. - the phone specifications and the os is good but the hardware (especially the touch screen) is an utter waste and u will end up in service centres soon enough repairing your mobile.
Bhai ab 7.5k me bachche ki jaan loge kya!! people are saying it doesn't have a flash...only has 512 mb ram...and like! if you are so tech savvy then shell out some more dude...why even bother buying this phone. For others..just go for it
I am quite an old fashioned person when it comes to electronic gazettes. I was never fascinated by smartphones, tablets and other touch screen devices and was very happy with my simple basic mobile. It was only accidentally that i gave it a thought to go for a smartphone after i lost my mobile and my techno-savvy friend advised me to go for this. The transition from a simplest basic mobile to the Smartphone could never be more easier, thanks to Nokia Lumia 520 and Windows 8. I do not know much technical bits to appraise this mobile, but i can state many of its advantages from a layman's angle. 1. Excellent build quality- I dropped it on a cement road from my bicycle to find it in three pieces. But nothing was damaged. 2. For it's primary usage as a phone- Excellent voice quality, speaker phone is at its best. Signal reception is also very good. SMS Interface is very different than regular basic phones and i found it to be quite innovative. 3. Screen size of 4' is quite appropriate. It fits in your palm well and goes in the packet very nicely. 4. Display quality is excellent. It may not have the best viewing angle though, but for a single viewer, you get the best. 5. Windows 8 feels amazing. Very user friendly, desktop kind of interface and positioning of apps could not be more simple. 6. It will not be wise to ignore Windows phones thinking that it does not have enough apps. You would find apps for almost all of your needs. 7. The most beautiful feature i found is the Kid's Corner. Here, you can create different profile for your kid. And you will be at peace, while your child is trying her hands at your mobile. With this profile, your child can not make any outgoing calls or can not mend with your important files in the phone. Though, there are some limitations as below. 1. There is no front camera, but what more can you expect in a budget phone. 2. No radio. But for me, it doesn't matter. I do have best radio apps downloaded in my phone. 3. There is no key to search within mobile, instead there is a key that takes you to the web search engine- Bing. I can't justify a separate key only to search over web. 4. Lack of Dual SIM. Don't understand why Nokia does not have this. Overall, i found this to be the best smartphone with a budget below 10K. Go for it even if your budget is more than it. It is worth for each and every paisa!
First of all thanks to Amazon, for coming in India and giving great service. 1. I bought this handset in 6800 with 10% axis bank cash back. 2. Technical specs, awesome. 3. Camera picture quality very good. 4. No lag, No hang..Awesome virus free user interface. 5. I was a samsung galaxy S advance user, and simply speaking..samsung is rubbish infront of this phone. 6. Touch is amazing. 7. Battery Life is very Good. 8. OS is user friendly. 9. Weight is Ok. Dont think much, Go for it. Happy Diwali.
This phone has quite many pros and less cons . Here goes.........( Writing after 3 days heavy usage) ================= Pos: 1) Price – In 10-10.5 K Range 2) Screen size – 4 Inch. Can be readable in sunlight. 3) Camera – Panorama, Smile Shoot etc. 4) HD Video Capture 5) Battery Life – 2 Days with WIFI enabled. Due to unavailability of Airtel 3G service in Kolkata unable to try with 3G. 6) Looks – Nice look & square shape 7) Internal Storage – 8 GB Internal (SD card up to 64 GB). mounts SD cards very fast. 8) Hardware & Build – Excellent with nice mat finished back cover. 9) E-mail – Tried only Outlook & Gmail and found excellent usability compared to available Android apps. Although it supports almost all types of mails. 10) App store – All most all daily used apps are available in free. 11) Bluetooth – Perfectly works with other devices. I have transferred all my existing contracts from my old Galaxy phone through Bluetooth & preinstalled ‘Transfer My Data’ app. 12) Nice Security – Prevent mishandling like deleting system file. ================= Cons: 1) No font camera – I don’t use this feature too much. 2) No file manager in phone – But you can connect the phone to any Win7/Win8 machine and use your explorer to manage files. 3) No FM Radio ================= Tips for new user: 1) Transfer Contacts which are stored in your old phone: Use Bluetooth & pre installed ‘Transfer My Data’ app. 2) Edit Phone Contacts: Save the contacts in Microsoft Account and log in to your Microsoft account to edit & manage them. 3) Arrange & Manage MP3/Music files: Manage the MP3 using external desktop app like MediaMonkey and copy to phone using windows explorer. Please hit ht e like button below if you found this helpful :)
There are other reviews that talk about the amazing features of this smart phone, so I won't touch upon that. To be brief, it's an amazing quality smart phone at the price it is. And you won't be disappointed by the operating system/apps/touch screen etc. The only thing that is totally disappointing is the battery life. I have been using this phone for about 5 months now and here are the statistics: 1) Without wifi / 3G data enabled : about 17-18 hours 2) With only wifi. No 2G/3G data usage : about 15 hours 3) Both wifi and data on all the time, with few whatsapp/facebook usage : down to about 13 hours I must say Nokia has got it totally wrong and screwed up it's own USP which was the battery life, in all it's earlier phones. There are battery saver options etc but don't help much. Given this, I would leave it to a buyers choice on what he wants. Certainly, it's a good trade off if you ignore the battery life. But once you have overcome the fascinations of using a smart phone, battery life will really take precedence.
Writing review after 9 months of use. Tried this(Windows) phone after using Android (Moto Defy). Nokia Lumia 520 was one of the best option in its price range before launch of Moto E. Overall phone is really good from build quality (Kind of obviously - Its a Nokia) and performance wise as well it was satisfactory. No lags of any sort. The only main comparison would be of Windows VS Android. After switching to windows phone I felt really good for the first few months but later I started feeling that I am missing a lot. I really felt access to information (News, Entertainment, other informations etc) is more open in Android by way of Apps and Notifications. From a user perspective, I really felt Structure of Windows UI restricts reaching to things. Smart phone has to have very user friendly interface from OS and apps perspective. I felt that was missing in Windows completely. Anyway this definitely going to remain as my backup device as I am shifting back to Android now (thinking of buying LG G Pro 2)
When I searched for a smartphone I looked for 1. Stunning display with good viewing angle 2. Smooth touch 3. Good AF Camera 4. Simple UI 5. Office suit 6. Long operation without heating up. Lumia 520 has all the features I looked for and it comes under my budget below 8K. Lumia 520 is good for Stunning display Ultra smooth touch No lag Luxury design AF camera Windows OS Nokia brand value It's bad for No stop button in music player!!! But u can pause it. Can't remove SD card without removing battery No Gallery/File Manager Camera quality is not good in low light condition No pre-installed apps, games, video, audio, wallpaper. No profile management Difficult call history management. No call duration summary No distinction between Incoming/Outgoing/Missed calls To set a song as ring tone u need an app. To change ur device name, u need a computer Single volume control for all types of sound; ring tone, alarm tone, music player, alerts Can't zoom or pause while recording video Can't delete multiple messages from a thread in one go. Without internet it is nothing
To tell the truth, I wasn't too excited when Nokia launched its Lumia series. With Samsung, HTC and Apple leading the Smartphone wars, Nokia was left miles back. Surprising enough, Nokia struck back with its most impressive line of mobile phones till date. Joining forces with Microsoft was a very smart move for Nokia. Instead of developing its own OS, it went for Windows 8, and left all the marketing of OS to Microsoft. When I heard the price of Lumia 510 (precursor to Lumia 520), I was taken aback. 10k for windows 7.5 phone! Still I waited for an update to Windows 8. That's when Lumia 520 was launched. But for some reason or the other, I couldn't buy it. Then one day I saw the price 6999/- and bought it immediately online. Don't regret it one bit. The best smartphone I ever had. Pros: 1. Build Quality: Superb. On par with higher line of Lumia series. Matt Finish is just wonderful. 2. Screen size: Prefect for me. At 4" inches, this beauty is no doubt an amazing buy! 3. Display: While it does not have clear text technology of Lumia 620, it's nevertheless every bit its worth. Only downside is reading in sunshine is not as clear as Lumia 620. 4. Interface: Truly Elegant.If you think Android/iOS is elegant/user friendly,give this beauty a try. You'll be astounded. 5. Apps: All essential apps available. Though apps are not in the counts of Android Marketplace or App Store, you won't be disappointed as all essential apps we use daily are available. 6. Office 365: Full MS office suit. Though many may not use this, I use MS Word quite regularly. 7. Colors: Amazing bright colors. Could easily give Samsung a run for its money that only launches mobiles in Black and White. Cons: 1. Front Camera: Not a deal breaker though. At 7k (or even 10k), I expect nothing more. 2. Radio: Not a deal breaker. I usually use Tune In (Internet Radio) 3. Flash: No LED Flash. Now this was disappointing. They could have added it. 4. RAM: 512 MB Ram. Even though processor is 1GHz and Windows 8 demand less RAM, 1 GB could have added more value to the product. Still, no deal breaker at this price :) In 10k range, this baby easily outsmarts every other smartphone. Give this beauty a try and you won't be disappointed. Easily, one of the best buys I made this year!
I will never any electronic good from you. the cell phone I gotvwas rusted from within and it stopped working. I went to a local Nokia repair center but they said that there is no warranty on online purchases. I had to buy a new cell phone. Horrible experience. I am going to post this in all consumer forums and make sure that people dont fall prey to this again.
The phone is no more , it just crashed few days ago. It was just 15 months old or I should say 3 months overs the warranty period. The Nokia Care people are demanding INR 5000 for repair with just 15 day guarantee which is just weird as I purchased the phone for INR 7000. I hope my phone Rests In Peace -_-
The hardware and the os are top notch and I am really loving the purchase for the price it is being offered.
Nokia lumia 520 is an good phone it is good in looks in performance and many other other things.Lumia 520 comes in windows 8 and 8.1. this is one of the best phones below 10,000rs. U get many features pre installed like here maps,mix radio etc.About the performance it has got The powerful 1GHz dual core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor which is good.RAM is 512mb which is fair.It is a single sim cell.This mobile comes with 4gb internal and 7gb cloud storage which is excellent.Coming to camera it has 5mp main camera and no front cam which is a draw back.the outer of the phone is the screen is 4.0 inch long LCD super sensitive touch.The battery is 1430 MAh.THe phone talk time is 830min and 360 hrs phone standby(with data).The starting price is 4999.Over all this is a good compact and decent looking phone for the price.
Smooth and best interface.. 512 MB RAM feels very low but you never notice it.. 8GB internal memory (you get 5+ GB free) - no other device offers so much in this price range.. look and feel - wow!! (windows 8 beats android and iOS comprehensively in this department) touch - brilliant!! build quality - it is a Nokia phone.. you know what they are like.. video clarity - very good camera - best in this range (7000 - 10000).. dimensions perfectly suit my hands.. been using it for about a month and so far absolutely no complaints.. negatives: no front camera, flash, apps and games are limited.. Bottomline: If you can live without front camera, this is the best phone to buy within Rs. 10k budget!!
A nice smartphone @ <8000 bucks...although i am not a fan of touchscreen smartphones but it got me hooked for the first few days...a good quality phone and i don't have any such issues after using it for almost 8 months !!
Last three months onwards I have been very satisfied with my lumia 520 model. It's performance is good and upto expectations.
Great phone in such a price tag. Touch sensitivity is good. Screen resolution is great. Camera is moderate. Windows operation takes time to understand.
Hi, It is very disheartening to know that a brand like Nokia cannot be trusted any longer. I purchased a Nokia phone, Lumia 520 and the phone stopped working 8 months later. And nobody has an answer! 2 Weeks, 2 complaint nos (1-15251407284, 1-15251430257) & Countless phone calls later Still No solution! Way to go Nokia!
There isn't much that can be said about this except that you get what you pay for, which is still a lot better than some of Android competition in this price range barring the Moto G. Bought it for a friend and it was intuitive enough for a first-time user like him to dive into and effectively use the phone. Would recommend it for anyone taking the step into smartphones. A capable device indeed and Thank you Amazon for the quick 1-day delivery too! Glad to see someone bringing world-class service to India!
Very good service from amazon.i always buy from amazon.online shopping is the best way for buying goods.cheap prices.i love it
The mobile is best , meets our basic requirements, mails documents works, superb build quality by Nokia, touch, and apps windows 8 every thing is great the to use the device best, to conserve the battery to last for more than two day we have to limit extensive internet and song usage. Other wise it would last for 1 or 1 and half
Great product. Great pricing. Happy to be a part of amazon shopping. Thanx a lot.Lokk forward to shop more from amazon !!!!
Good deal for that Price. Camera is a concern, rest is OK for that price. Amazon gives good offers for these sort of items.
Superb Windows experience in such a low cost.... Better than local mobile shops... I suggested 5 of my friends now they are so jealous of me thanks to amazon
Excellent phone in this price,Everything is ok. its is one of the best enrtry level phone compared same price mobile.
After a long time, I am seeing Nokia's reliability in this phone. Its as tough as 1100. And smart enough to be a smart phone :)
I ALREADY HAVE ONE, BECAUSE I LIKED IT I BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE. BEST ECONOMY CLASS SMART PHONE FOR JUST 7000
Good quality i suggested two three friend of mine and they buy this product at the same time nice and worth to buy
The rate of nokia lumia 520 was lowest on Amazon in the market when I place the order. The phone was shipped to me in 4 days. The phone set is new as expected and the box is having all the accessories as mentioned by nokia. The phone is with me for nearly 20 days. the touch screen is really very responsive. All the features as mentioned on different sites are working. I am using the phone on Wi-FI. Net surfing is really easy. I can say that the phone is well worth for the money paid.
Looks good, performance good, camera good, speed good, camera button some times create problem, true value of money, I like the smart phone
Very good Smart phone for new users. Better than an android cheapest smart phones.It has the quality of good looking,smart and handy .It is really worth for its money. I am the regular visitor of Amazon website it provides a clean price for its products , the quality and also the services provided by them is really good and appreciated.
Excellent phone. Total value for money. Amazing touch and camera.exceeded expectations. Much better than any other phone in this category
Everything is very nice, Fluid interface,Windows 8 OS,Nokia Radio is awesome I wish in future models battery would be more powerful.
This is a very nice phone for a price within INR 10,000/- Looks good, easy to use, has the basic features of a smart phone. There is a little shortage in good handy apps but windows app store is on a ramp-up now. over all a good one.
Yes it does meet my expectation....I purchased it to gift it to my Dad and he is very happy using it Thank you Amazon
Best phone ever at this price, everyone whos going with brands like micromax, samsung or any other are wasting m0ney unless u dnt gonna use it... Nokia making the best phones after apple... Its outstanding n never dissapoints you... Thanks amazon fr this deal..
I had order Lumia 520 for my wife's birthday gift n I got this on timely, thanks to Amazon,awa gadget is very sweet n I love to online shopping with Amazon.
The Black Nokia Lumia 520 purchased in November 2013, was perhaps the worst purchase made by me online. The phone right from day one had technical problems with Voice cracking up. I have visited the Nokia store 3 times in the last 4 months (every time the phone has been kept for minimum 7-10 days) and the problem persists. Every time they repair it, the same problem persists. The voice ends up cracking. This whole experience has left a very bad impression in my mind for online Cellphone purchases and I am certain that the handset had a manufacturing defect when it got shipped to me. When I contacted the seller for help, all he offered was that "you should take it up with Nokia". Please AVOID BUYING THIS ONLINE.
For a win phone at odd 7k, Nokia gives in everything what you would expect in a phone. Buy it if you are still getting it under 7k, & you still trust NOKIA
very good phone, features are better than android, all the good apps are available at store..Ultimate phone Nokia has really matched the quality with ecocomy...
If you want to have a good phone at the price of around 7,500, then it is strongly recommended. I can assure you guys that no brand can give you that much feature in this price, it has everything in this price. I have used all Samsung phones under 15000 thousand all were failed compare to this. Advantages--- 5 mp camera, awesome camera, full hd, has lot's of feature's in camera. screen touch is smooth. never hang up great battery back up you can play full hd video even 1080 rip ( most of the phone doesn't support in this price) Great sound quality stylish desktop which helps to open any application quickly. Disadvantage-- no front camera -- This is the only disadvantage I felt in this phone. All and all it has everything!!!
HI All, Bought Nokia Lumia 520 on 15 Feb from Gadgets guru. First of all thanks to amazon for great packaging and fast delivery. I used it for more than 20 days and i can rate mobile as 4. Below are the prons and cos. Pros ========= 1) Basic windows phone-good UI if you are not attracted by Android UI. 2)Good battery life of more tan 1 day with average usage. 3)HD Diplay compared with different basic phones at this range 8k-10k . 4)suffecient 512 MB RAM for decent use and internal 8Gb(user can ger >5Gb) expandable upto 64Gb(I inserted 8 GB) working fine. 5) Camera is good in day light-in night you can not get decent pictures since flash is not there. 6)Connectivity is good(Wifi,GPS,connecting PC) not tried 3G,2G with GPRS. 7)Call quality is good,Audio output(speaker) is also good 8)you can update Nokia softwares(i updated from Amber to Nokia black) working fine Cons ============== 1)Micro sim enabled-If you are using old type of sim ,you need to cut it in order to insert. 2)Flash is not there for CAM,no secondary cam. 3) Ear phones are of basic nokia type(open type) low output in ear phones,,need to buy another. 4)Volume and lock button need to be pressed with force. 5)Built In FM will not work properly,need to download FM App. 6)song forwarding upto sometime while listening music is difficult. U need to long touch forward button. 7)Battery is of 1430mah only.Appreciable if atleast 1800 provided. 8)No call recording option. 9)You will got confused once you add multiple mail accounts(it will synchronise all contacts in people). like facebook,outlook,gmail all contacts will be saved in people which cause confusion. 10)No suitable Mozilla Firefox,Chrome browser in APPstore, only you can get IE10. 11)Comparing windows App store vs Android play store is not suitable in Android you can get lot of games and apps of free but in windows you can get only limited free apps or games. If you consider pros>cons please go for NOKIA. since it is a Brand--Finally Nokia gives you good value and fits in your hand adds value to you. If you consider the mentioned cons are not minor so think before buy, All the Best, Thank you.
Good and at a very best price. I bought it for my wife and she loved it a lot. Good
I choose this product because of its features and low cost. I hate Android OS so i choose windows that leads to Nokia Lumia520
Nokia is known for its battery and this mobile does have a pretty decent battery.. The OS and form factor are decent.. Good Product for the price range.. Worth buying for hard core use..
I bought this with 10% cash back offer. Earlier I was android user compared to that windows s too good to use. Display in Lumia s superb. But I found something missing in Lumia 520. Starsports live streaming video not supported for this phone.. Gyroscope sensor not available.. Magnetic compass sensor not available. But overall I am so happy with this.. I love this.. I had hanging issue in android but now I dont have that issue with Lumia. Thanks. Simply go for Lumia.
Excellent product. Very Fast Shipping. Very good packing. Excellent deal. Was looking for good Smartphone under Rs. 10000. This phone is an excellent value for money. It has Windows 8 mobile OS which runs very smoothly due to the 1 Ghz processor under the hood. 5 Mega Pixel camera shoots nice shots in daylight. Lack of flash makes the shots in low light a bit grainy and noisy. Good connectivity options with WIFI, GPRS, 3G etc. Overall a very good phone.
Features are superior according to price from others hand sets and your website provides very lowest price then other websites.
Overall good one, having good features like voice calling, camera quality, GPS & nevigation system, but it hangs on occasionally.
There are many android smartphones out there from indian manufacturers as well as samsung but they fail to provide a decent experience. Also, I doubt their service. Lumia 520 offers the best hardware and smooth UI @ a very affordable price. The only drawback is the os itself. It doesnt let you do as many things that android allows. Also there are small quirks in the os. If you are a normal user who is not into tweaking and tinkering with ur phone, lumia 520 wont disappoint you.
Reached with 5 days at my doors.. The main draw back is No Front camera and flash.... RAM is only 512 MB. Very wood wifi speed. Just Rocking with that. Very good battery back up... Totally NOT BAD......Worthy for the Price range when compared with other brands.
good smart phone with windows in the budget and useful features. I liked the user interface of windows OS on lumia.
Nice phone for those who are not too techy, easy interface, Battery last for abut 2-3 days of normal use (NO 3G/2G) and with some WIFI use it lasts for more than a day. Within 8k price range, this is an excellent VFM phone PROS Excellent call quality, sound. Good built quality. Superb touch response, good display Camera is decent. CONS 1.one problem is that the signal strength, battery level is not displayed at top always unlke in other phone where these are displayed always at top., in this phone ,u need to slide down to see these details. 2.The buttons at bottom are not back lit. 3. no secondary camera. 4. Since speaker is at backside ,sometimes the phone ring is not audible in noisy areas. wish the speaker was at side/bottom.
An amazing smartphone for under 10k. All the apps work on my campus wifi, with proxy.(same not true for android)
Design is Eye Catching. Processing speed is very Fast. Super internet speed. Only cons no Flash. Overall Very good smartphone.
Really good buy! Great phone to have! look is awesome, the sync is great, free movies, songs from Nokia, cameras good, storage is good! Feel in love with it moment i saw it and after using it still in love with it!! Highly recommended!!
Good... Need to Add Some More Features like call recording, sms and call counters etc. Overall cheap and best phone.
Very elegant display. Very sensitive to touch. Display is excellent with a very pleasing font. Battery life is a bit short though.
Very cheap and very nice product. Lumia 520 is a well product under 7k thank you once again for all
This is a really good product from Nokia. I believe in "user experience" rather than "spec comparison" and i really love this phone as this is excellent in that aspect. Even though this comes with 512 MB RAM, it is far more faster and smoother to use than some of the other ones I have used with double the RAM, it really lies in the software part and not solely on the spec. Some Pro's- 1. Excellent display.. Really this is one of the biggest difference as IPS display feels really good while browsing and reading :) 2. Touch feels so smooth 3. Build quality is very good. 4. Camera clarity is nice ( needs good lighting as there is no flash) 5. Windows 8 is pretty fast. (Also Amber update is already present) No major con's i have seen so far, but the Apps available are not huge compared to android, and the major ones we usually use are in Nokia/Windows app store for free :). Also the battery holds good for 2 days for moderate usage, but heavy applications/camera reduces it fast. Also there is no scratch guard when we take it out of the box which is commonly available for most touchscreen phones nowadays. Pre-installed apps like MS office and outlook are nice. There is 8 GB internal memory (5GB available for personal use) and additional Skydrive(cloud) provided for storage. This is a wonderful and good quality phone at this price and highly recommended!
Love the windows, it is much much better than people thinks. and yup the service of amazon is just outstanding.
What I have to Tell.........................One word answers.........marvellous.....Awesome....Excellent........What I expected it meets the requirements....Go for It you really Like....Day to Day I recognising new things about this phone.
Frns I suggest u to buy dis phone. as it is d best phone in dis budget... I think u should buy it.....
Nokia 520 is a smart phone at low price. Its good for not so tech savvy and those using the phone for routine usage.
Awesome phone... Good battery backup being a smartphone.... Awesome UI.... Sometime hangs but less than other smartphones... Best phone in this price range..
Love it, because of a deal and offcourse the windows phone. was using android tablet and felt to have a 1 of windows and chossen 520. Its awesome
The product is too good for the price. Flawless performance. Touch is too sensitive. Never get hanged. It will take some time for Android users to get used to Windows 8. Nokia Mix radio is too good. Very bright screen and ok viewing angles. Cons: Not for people who wants lot of apps. The store should have more free Apps. SD Card browsing is not there. Notification app drawer is missing compared to Android. Overall Verdict: Go for this.
service was very fast & phone is also good at such low price. packing was also very good thanks amazon
Very poor battery backup and net surfing is very slow, you cant enjoy video online without buffering, nothing is easy to download and some problems like memory card not reading etc overall average phone and in this price you can have lots of choices in the market
Meets the expectations of a typical medium budget smart phone. pros - 8 GB internal memory - excellent touch experience - audio and video playback is good - camera is decent, but no flash cons - poor battery performance - over heating when playing games or when using 3G - limited apps in windows store - no file manager for managing files in SD card
many people will buy nokia Lumia 520 if all the sellers reduce the price to 7,500 rupees. I am interested to buy this phone if the price is 7,500 rupees.
I would rate this phone as one of the best budget smartphones in the market. A really nice phone to have
I have purchased it from amazon..and their delivery is amazing..just got it the next day i ordered. coming to the phone..its really awesome,the Os is top class and better compared to Android,the touch sense is really superb and the CAM is perfect...my suggestion is go for this when u wanna buy a phone @ this price range....
thank you for such a wonderful experience with lowest cost ever i got lumia 520 at just 6999 just coz of this site i referred many friends for buying their mobile , talking about lumia after using for a week i am getting used to windows . gaming experience is awesome camera experience is great u can definately buy lumia if u want to look different in crowd.
Best in class quality, best in class look, 100% value for money, good operating system, good battery back up. good screen quality
I ordered it online in amazon and i got the mobile just after two days, i placed the order and the delivery is very good. Loved it a lot and the phone is superb, i got it for the lowest price. The is the best phone in terms of every thing like price, os, camera, screen, memory, packing is excellent, pre installed apps are good, over all i would give 5/5 rating also u amazon guys roxxxxxxxxxxxx
its better not to write much.....just wanna say...Go for it ,u cant get anythng better than this if ur budget is upto 12k.... if u wanna spend more ..thn its upto u.... its really awsome......
Phone Is superb and no longer will go back to android. Nokia's touch is by far the best I've used. Happy with this purchase. Thanks Amazon!!!! and Best seller also in COD.
This is my first ever purchase on amazon and guys i must tell u that both amazon and Lumia 520 are fantastic..
Awesome phone with top notch features. In begining I was quite skeptical about my purchase but ever since I took this phone out of box and powered it on it changed my view upside down. I am totally amazed looking at the quality features this budget phone offers. I myself am owing a samsung GS3 and purchased Lumia 520 as a gift for my dad and believe me I am more than satisfied with my decision to go for this model. Pros: 1. Solid build Quality 2. Exceptional good looks 3. Top notch hardware 4. lag free operation - its way better then Galaxy S3 5. Cool interface Cons: 1. No flash - but wait - Camera performance is still awesome - this phone comes with Nokia Smart Cam app whic makes Camera of this phone out of the crowd - its quite good without flash too. Flash could have been useful as a torchlight though ;) 2. No file manager - but again I dont see this as a major con since windows OS is designed in a manner that each app can see only file formats that it can support and no other file can be opened by the app. Hence if you want certain file then find it using the related app. 3. Nothing else :) I saw people complaining about less RAM but believe me 512MB RAM is more than sufficient for windows OS and every app that I have used so far in this phone runs quite smoothly (I tried some high end games too). And Regarding FM - it works - Yyes you heard it right - FM WORKS after latest AMBER update. Finally - yes its a cool choice - go for it blindly - you wont repent your decision. Edit: One more con - no separate volume setting for Ringtone/Message Tone/Media (Ganes etc) tone - there is only 1 sound profile for all.
it is meeting my expectations nd i thnk its more than worth ......nd i boght it frm amazon.in m vry satisfied wit them
I got an amazing deal with amazon for this device. This device performance is quite amazing. 1 Ghz, Dual core is amazing spec for this price. Plus the WP8, is quite optimized and performs exceptionally well.
Got this at the cheapest possible price ever from amazon. Eligible for cash back as well on the cheapest price! Phone Is superb and no longer will go back to android. Nokia's touch is by far the best I've used. Happy with this purchase. Thanks Amazon!!!!
nokia branded,faithful windows branded,faithful value for money(the best part about this phone) safe operating system,u can rely on it dimensions same as steve jobs's i-phone 4(almost same and to be true its better then i-phone) go ahead and buy it about amazon--> i used to like "fk" but now i am fan of amazon,better service better packaging,and polite delivery men....hats off i would definitely buy next time from amazon
What I liked about this: 1. Very smooth touch 2. UI is cool 3. Screen size is great 4. Sound quality is fine 5. Nice camera And it is a bit confusing as I am an android user previously. But overall happy for the price I paid for this device.
At this price you cannot get anything better! First order with amazon and I got this delivered by amazon directly great service, got this delivered in 2 days. Windows got all the major apps required, Touch is excellent. Great battery unlike Android you do not need to connect your mobile to PC at office usually I see at my work place. And a Great work phone outlook word excel superb!!!!!! Flash is something missing but in day light pictures are Good.
Awesome phone and cannot believe the amount of features and great look for price.. Nobody believes I paid less then Rs 10,000 for this one
Nice product But the issue is if you want to install an application manually then you need external memory card So purchase memory card also
Though i purchased this before amazon.in was live. I have been using this phone for last 3 months and the experience so far has been really good. The office integration works like a charm. Windows OS is really fast. Looks like nokia has finally got things right with lumia series
Thanks to Amazon for returning this Phone,Neither battery was Good,Neither Operating system was Good,Neither VIDEO quality was good,only you can use your Office Mail that's it.
This smartphone is awesome. Great looks. Gets all the latest updates. Excellent build quality and design. OS response is excellent. Didn't hang-up after installing like 200+ apps. Touch response is buttery smooth. There is no lag loading application even after installing apps to SD card. Supports all kinds of video format except .mkv and .flv which it supports after installing a third party app. Music  experience is awesome. Camera  quality is excellent as expected from Nokia. You can take crystal clear 720p videos and photos.
No front camera. No FM radio. I like the sharp corner look and feel. I some how don't like models with rounded corners. How ever, within a year, the power on/off button stopped working. Even though it is within warranty, Nokia service center charged me Rs.500 for replacing it. I was surprised to note that there are many other customers who have the same complaint in less than a year. I felt cheated by Nokia that they charged me even though it was in warranty.
Have been using Iphone 3GS for last 2.5 years. For some reason got attracted to this Windows 8 mobile and ordered LUMIA 520 on Amazon during Diwali. Awesome experience. At this price dual core 1Ghz is a steal, unlimited music & free offline Maps is a bonus. Me being a photographer , i do appreciate the photoes snapped by this handset. Colours do rendered well. Infact i gifted my dad too one.. great going NOKIA & MICROSOFT..
I bought this phone in august, 2013.everything was fine but from 2 days it got stucked in the flying mode and has become completely headache. the nokia care center crew is saying some s*** and asked for 4000 rs. to change the motherboard. as today this phone is available @rs 5000 i have to go for new phone, no option left. i used to be a fan of windows phone but if this is the way I depart from windows OS, i will surely turn as a hater.
My first purchase with Amazon and couldn't have started on a better note...Highly impressed with the deal on offer for Nokia Lumia 520.. The phone in itself is complete in all aspects...Performance, looks, Hardware, OS, everything gives more bang for your buck... Even if your budget is more than 10k i would suggest to go for this... All in all I am happy man at the end of the day...Cheers Amazon!!! Cheers Nokia!!
I purchased it six months back @5.6 K. At that price this is one of the best buy. In fact even six months back it was difficult to find out a better phone than this when you consider the price range 6-7K. Camera is excellent and better than any others in this range. But at present after new model launched by Nokia I am not sure how good it is at the price it is being sold. But surely with lower price it is still a very good buy.
I had ordered lumia 520 and received on next day...thanks amazon & gadgetboy for the same... I am using this phone from last 1 month. I its really good choice for me. -Windows OS is very stable. -thought the RAM is 512mb its good in speed. -No lag. -almost all apps are available at app store. - screen resolution is good. -lightweight. -Overall good choice at this price.
This phone is awesome. Windows phone 8 is so refreshing. I applied screen guard onto it and the swipe became a little lagged. Without the guard it was perfect. sometimes it doesn't pick up some wifi's but I am not really sure if phone is to be blamed. The camera is quite good and the videos from it are very natural and vivid. Nice Job here. Overall its a killer for the price.
Bought from here at 6700(7447+10% cashback) awesome phone ,display,no lags,ultra smooth interface,and nokia... Finally superbb phone in this price .....
Hi, I purchased Lumia 520 before a month or so. Volume keys are not working whenever song is playing from Music+Videos app. Volume keys are working only for next song. -Jey
I got that mobile and when I open box I found that charger is not working, cant xpect from amazon . Worst service, also I need to go to nokia care to replace my charger.
A very good one. After one year still there is no lag even though a lot of applications are installed.
NOKIA is now been replaced my MICROSOFT but i got this last year 8 months back..sorry for the late review guys..the camer and screen and O.S are good its one of the best device u can afford for this range of price and u have update for 8.1 also it looks very beautiful.and runs smooth..thanks for amazon for best packing and shipping.
This phone from Nokia revived its mobile industry back to its good old days. About the phone, this phone is really cool with awesome business features, support all heavy games that requires 512 MB RAM. I had recommended this phone to my cousins, they have also bought from Amazon. Nokia + Amazon, keep up the good work.
Been using it for a while, works well. Delivered on time and was packed well. No complaints.
The product had some defect (the back cover is not closed tightly). Assured that will be replaced. Made me send by courier, but they didn't claim the and hence came back. Resend it, process repeated. Finally decided to use it since there is no option. And the phone is dead (within an year)!!! Have to repair now
i didn't like this phone first. but now i like this because of windows 8.1 update
Pathetic set at this price range.pay 600 more and go for lenovo A6000. Cons: Camera 3rd graded,no flash Pixel clarity 3rd graded 2g download speed. Look wise also it is very cheap. Only good thing is call quality. 2015 perspective it is 3rd graded mobile.
The phone has slowed down significantly over time.. only 5 months so far.. for the first time I have started hating Windows phones. I doubt if there has been a deliberate attempt to cut down on quality of built or quality of coders to cut costs.. I am switching from WIndows after 2.5 years.. :(
Initially working fine.but later could not download any app as always an error messege was shown..memory card did not work..hangs sumtimes...touch screen not smooth..will not recommend this phone as better options are availabe at this price...but picture quality is good and strong body
Zoomin Camera was the seller from which I have bought this item. But from 10th day ( of the delivery of product) onwards, this product started to show a lot of problems/ issues. I would like to suggest you not to go for this seller - "Zoom in Camera stores"
its awesome with the price.. my suggestion is go for it if you have a budget under 10k... its far better then those creepy androids, no lags, and gives you a high class and personal feel after using it.. it keeps you unique in the crowd of robotic androids..
overall handset is good, like OS 8.0. Couple of thing to be mentioned is, 1. photos are displaying 2 times after some days 2. something it seems hang so need to restart it. for images issue i have done hard reset and its working fine after that.
A good and handy one. However dissappointed that i am isolated when i needed to play videos of my choice. I am restricted heavily compared to the friends who chose samsung and other stuffs around the same range. Nokia u have to do something.
Nokia... is a bit disappointing. The phone quality is not good. It does not gives that classy look. The plastic body looks cheap one. Samsung phones are anytime better. Even the windows platform is not easy to use. Go for Android phones only.
Bought it from Amazon, special offer. get delivered on DhanTeras by a simple request. VERDICT : If you budget is near 8000 buck , voilà! buy this phone asap. :) Review after ~2 months of use. Pros: • The adorable part of phone and its USP is its design, every Lumia phone comes with Stamp-of-good-design. the rectangular design looks premium with sharp edges. • Phone's camera is awesome & mind-blowing, digital lences provided by Nokia like smart shoot, panorama,Nokia camera, cinemagraph makes its one of the best contender in budget phone segment. Although the flash is missing but in case of indoor photography where the light is incident directly on the object still good results found. Manual controls is also provided (such as iso, exposer, shutter speed etc.) its camera provides focusing the objects like in PnS cameras and believe me its working smarty and detects the focal length to the object in the centre of screen while focusing, Touch focus it is also provide but is it is not give the optimum results relatively. • Also you can control focal length in Nokia camera app. • The beautiful thing about phone is it its User Interface and live tiles, they are two adoring and attractive. • The touch screen is capacitive and runs like butter. muhhhaah • The screen size is 4'' (personally i thinks 4''-4.8'' is the range of comfort).. phone comes easily in hand. Also resolution is descent with a descent ppi.( 480 x 800px & 233 ppi). • Internet explorer is too good (the ease of browsing)switches between the mobile sites or dekstop sites based on your preferences, but there is no flash support(not a big issue) One must have improvement should be provided to control of pop-up window.(i.e. in some sites popup appears automatically or by clicking action but in desktop it appears in new window/tab but in IE for windows phone it appears frequently in the same tab & overlaps your original tab. except overall browsing is fluid in it :) . Also thanks to UC browser(third party app) for the better file downloading management. • I think 512MB RAM is sufficient to this phone[more precisely cheap windows phones(not low-end windows phones)],, as windows phone architecture is quite fluid and its rarely deal with a phone hang. Also there is neglegible frequency of application crashes. • In the price range of 7000-7800k(yes,it is varying these days), this phone is really a must have. don't think much and grab this phone if your budget is near 8000k. • The battery backup is quite good and it charges quickly as well. • we can choose favourite photos it in the Photo-app so that these can be appeared as photo app background & shown on the live tiles. • Cloud management of contact is a very good idea so that no fear of losing contacts and also synced with your windowsPC and outlook, linking contacts to the facebook and other services update latest contact photo(non-of-us updates contact photos manually!) • HERE maps provides too good navigation. also you can download yours region maps for free that work even when if eventually out of network coverage. • Some would say there are few apps available in windows phone Store but almost all the major apps are available and you won't need others than these apps. and the success of windows phone attracting developers on and on. • You can switch the back covers of your own colour choice everyday, because Nokia provides its officially, named as Nokia CC-3068 . • Free Office app provided by Microsoft , the app is too good. Cons- • The File manager is missing, that leads to various limitations like sharing a particular file type, knowing details of file like size etc. • Lack of flash is too disappointing! even in the successor phone Nokia Lumia 525 there is no flash, that phone have one major improvement of 1GB RAM. • To share a file via bluetooth to a device you have to pair them first. • You can't seek while playing music like that in video you can. to seek you have to long press 'next' button. • No provision of advanced sync setting i.e. to sync photos or not & No selective sync such as which facebook Albums to sync etc. • NO USB tethring support. • Calling a contact by the contact list is too procedural task ,,can be improved by updates. • Volume control for the phone and voice call is same & must be different control provided. • As there is no app in the store for the password protection of some apps(as in android) like access protection of messages, whatsapp, facebook, chats etc. oh yes Kids corner is such a waste thing. • The internal is 8GB , and usable is ~6GB. although you can extend it with a SD card but as app will only install in internal memory and you can't move apps to SD card. • .xap file are similar to .apk file in android but there are too limitation in installing apps from these.(Because removing limitations encourages piracy so its good too) • No pc companion software for advance control. • No compass, missing HERE-city lens(formerly known as Nokia-city lens) • No Auto-rotate control. Although it will be fixed in the Lumia-Black update. • Limitation to run a task in background such as torrent, background file downloading etc. • Some apps are paid in windows store that are free on other platforms. • No front camera.
Nice touch screen. Attractive features. However, i face the problem while answering a call. Sometimes the 'Answer call' button does not work and needs reboot. Hence call can not be answered. This could be a major bug of OS
Voice quality is awesome set, is slim and very easy to handle and carry. I like this mobile because of this compatibility with Microsoft office. Using Microsoft onedrive its easy to synchronize file with laptop/desktop.
Brilliant phone...love the windows 8 interface...took some time getting used to but once u do its easy...much more stable platform than android....sturdy..been using it for a yr now....(upgrade available to windows 8.1)
Delivery was on time and I have no complaints...the only thing that bothers me is that the phone automatically switches off at times....that problem is with every Lumia 520 either purchased online or from the market...
If you want to buy a device under 10k, Android is a direct no-no. In fact 18k+ android phones are worth going for. Lumia 520 is the only (under 10k)smartphone which will work perfectly well. HIGHLY RECOMENDED
wow , nice phone with good camera ... still its cheapest ......... i upgraded to windows 8.1 cyan and now all apps available for windows just like android :) nice looks . no problems
I'm using this product since 1 month it has everything like viber,wechat,line.whatsup.accoding to me windows is more efficient than android.but the only drawback is while we swipe the we can't see the apps clearly before it stops moving.
Bought it in Jan 2014, works very fine, some times it ll not show any network automatically. We have to search manually and then select the network. Apart from that everything just goes smoothly.
The hand set looking is awsome i like it and the functions are difficult to open every site. nokia lumia 520 is good not a bad.
I purchase this Lumia at 7450 INR in Nov 2013 and u cant belive its still epansive on many other onlien store. so its best place to find ur dream phone.
Cons- 1. Windows 8 OS (there are lots of shortcomings) 2. Thickness (Its a fat phone compared to its competitor) Pros - 1. Touch 2. Screen resolution 3. Battery Life 4. All other things..
my best pick under the budget i choose i'm very much satisfied with my Nokia Lumia 520 Black thaks to amazon
A good value for money phone. Only con is a front camera and a flash. One of the best windows phone.
amazing product by nokia in lowest price range,.... windows 8.1 is coming soon on this piece awaiting for it. Amazon as alwayz rocks for its service
screen breaks easily if it falls. sometime it hangs.... remaining all ok. if it is 5-6k it will be nice
I bought this mobile for my uncle. This is his first smart phone experience. He is very excited and happy about this mobile.
Pros: Light Weight Smooth Best Camera Photo Quality Best Call Quality Cons : No Flash Difficult to manage Ring Tones and Photos.
I am using this phone for 1 year, its so good better than all OS like androids, blackberry, such a good experience with windows 8.
I purchased this phone for giving it to my dad as a gift he just loves it. This phone is just awesome for this price (7299) os never hangs all apps and big title games are available everything runs smoothly no lag or crash camera is awesome display is good battery life is just above average but for normal usage it lasts 1day overall very awesome phone and I thank amazon for giving such an awesome product at low price but still delivery could have been faster but anyway good and safe delivery.
Within 7.5k this is the best phone by Nokia. Touch is awesome. Speed is also good Looks is good Best in class camera .
I bought Lumia 520 one month back through Amazone. Delivery was prompt. Phone is very easy to handle. The only problem is with its battery. It is very poor.
It was awesome , its processor is very faster compare to same rate of other company phone. it is light weight
This is the best ever smartphone produced by Nokia in recent years. I am loving it. Nice phone, slim look, super clarity, fast, reliable, nice battery backup, rugged, what else you want from this smartphone. Thanks to Amazon for speedy delivery.
Good entry phone from Windows. +++ Nice camera. Sufficient apps available --- Low RAM Not for gaming. Value for money phone.
Bought the mobile after trusting Nokia again after a long time, hoped a fresh & good experience with the windows phone. The phone charger went bad after a month, mobile worked till last month. When I took the mobile to Nokia care, they immediately agreed to replace charger as in warranty & sent the mobile to main service center. Now, they come up saying that the mobile cannot be repaired as water logged which I know is not true. So, I would suggest buy local brands rather than these hotshots as they give more & last more in less price.
The mobile was selected by my teenage daughter for her and she is happy with her choice. That makes me happy.
I heard and read big things about its feature but don't see too much. Volume is very low and camera is also not very good.
Best phone ,best at its price range , only concern is it doesnt have front camera and flash dddddd ddd
good mobile..bt very few features...not satishfied with windows phone..i think android is better.. no flash in it...and most of applications are paid..
At this price its a nice phone. Cant replace my iPhone. Its good for a second phone. Would love to have some pull down dash...they way its on Andriod and iPhone...
i love its internet speed and updates its camera was super i like its style i suggest this phone to all nokia lumia lovers
An un compromised built quality by Nokia and a flawless, smooth transition by Microsoft had blended well for this Lumia 520. Completely satisfied for 7.7k worth it.
Phone is very good But donot buy it from Amazon ... you will never get your product on time .. but delay with 4 -5 days .. with the pathetic service of Amazon ... FlipKart is better than this .. wahiyat service provider ....
I am very happy with this purchase. The phone works really well. Smooth interface and good looks. Very little lag time while switching between screens. Highly recommended!
The colorful Lumia devices give a good show The Lumia 520 seamlessly fits itself into the lower end of Nokia's portfolio and supplies a great result in all tests. This is however always considering the retail price . It naturally cannot compete with the..
good phone decent futures, value of money, good clarity of the phone, must buy with the budget...will enjoy..it for sure
This is a good budget smartphone if you are not an android fanboy. Though now 525 seems a good bet but still the phone has got good looks with decent specifications except amount of RAM. Go ahead buy this product if you want a decent smartphone under 8K.
I am not able to download Whatsapp. My local mobile dealer says its software problem. Wonder how to solve this problem Binay
With Windows 8.1 update, this product will be a true gem & will make up its present shortcomings!! Recommended for first time buyer !!!
Good Lower end smart phone in the Basic segment. Touch sensitivity and Build quality is good. Best phone for Windows beginners.
Am using this phone from one year and so happy to say that,it is the best thing i used ever,quality pics and fast 1ghz processor making it a great one..am getting a battery back up of 6 hours (3G)
It is a best smart phone in this budget. Easy to use. My first smart phone and i am loving it.
product quality is good. this product is worthy. u cant get good smartphone with this price and that too from a brand like nokia.
I have purchased Nokia Lumia 520 before 2 months ago unfortunately its display was broken. Then I visited to Nokia Care they charged me 3950 for the display. I said that it was just 7 days old phone and u charge me half of its cost. Then I called Amazon Customer Care they returned the broken phone and pay my every one paisa. Amazon in the BEST.
This is my second phone in my family, after using the first lumina520, we were really impressed of the windows so. Worth for the money you spend.
the phones pretty good phone. meets all needed expectations. it s nice to have bing as well as office at your fingertips the design of the main screen is epic, tiles and all. there are a few problems though. first and worst, is the setup. being a microsoft phone it is tough to handle.you will need a nokia, microsoft phone, microsoft computer as well as own mail account. if you amke even a slight deviation in your personal details, you will have problems. I KNOW. my age didnt come right, too young, and so i couldnt download anything or any apps. the camera works well, but not in dim or dark areas (no flash). it also doesnt have many neccessities, like voice recorder and so on. the main pain in the ass is the setup, without which you cant do anything. also the music app, noia mix radio, doesnt allow you to download songs. you can only listen to songs and that to with only wi fi or internet or 3g. the phone is excellent from look standards though. overall it is a good phone but has some minor drawbacks. nikhil out.
World Class phone at budget price, Lot of features. This would have been a complete product it had got 1GB Ram. So if you ready to spend some more bugs, Simply go for Nokia Lumia 525.
good phone. has good features which are usable and less number of features which are not really used. does not hurt when dropped for this price.
nokia lumia 520 met my expectations and liked it very much....its a superb phone with good apps and games...thanks to amazon.in for bringing it fastly...
Very good mobile under 10000. All features are worth it's price. Good camera quality in daylight. Only problem is with not having flash.
Very nice and cute phone. There is no lag in processing .very attractive one.it is more good than nokia x. Thanks AMAZON and NOKIA.
The things that I would recommend to Nokia is to enhance the RAM to at least 750 MB and better battery backup.
Nokia lumia 520 has good and besr performance and lowest cost also in amazon only,not in limia any product in amazon is good
Budget phone. Rigid body. Good camera for day light use. Nokia applications good. sound clarity good. waiting for WP 8.1 update.
Nokia lumia 520 is Simply superb.......its a 512 mb ram phone but still it is very first..I just love it. and the service of Amazon is awesome..
The best thing in this mobile u will get is the touch sense and the display is marvelous. processor is also fast
Beware.....do not purchase from axisbank credit card Cash Back on Credit card purchase is not provided me since oct-2013 but there is no support from AMAZON
I choose this phone for better Navigation,but its up to my expectations the built in app Here Drive is awesome,and the touch of the phone is superb ,and Quality of Camera is Really Pretty good (y) but the phone does not have a front camera so its impossible to make a video call.otherwise its an awesome product by Nokia. windows is really more better than Androids.
This phone is amazing and works smoothly without any problems of it getting hanged. Only problem that I would like to point out is that it lacks flash light with the camera. If that doesn't bother you much than go for it.
Nokia after losing the market, have come back well with this phone. Android users might find it difficult with the screens and menus; however it is a windows phone and works best. Internal memory stands apart and camera works beautifully.
Currently using it and it's working perfectly..only there is no option to select personalised toned..can some 1 help..otherwise good phone
I am using nokia lumia 520 since last two weeks and its a good phone. Following are things I liked and disliked Liked - The touch is super and works really good - The UI is clean and easy to use - I never experienced any lag and works really fast - I am loving the speech commands to call and open apps these are really handy. Disliked - My expection about battary does not meet with Nokia, it barely lasts for a day with moderate usage - The headset bundled with box are not so good and dont have facility to answer the call from headset - There is no option to answer call using speech command which I desperately wanted. Overall a decent phone for the price.
Yes i am happy thank you . .. ...... . . . . . . . . . . .
After ordering 1 st order I order 2nd phone one more member of family. Thanks to amazon product on economical rates.
hi very good phone nokia lumia 520 i like my using to phone , internet good fast...... i like nokia
need to create microsoft account.poor battery backup,on sunlight nothing is visible,gps and navigation is good,easy download and high speed net available.the main thing is really poor battery backup,
After i got the product , i found that there was a problem in the phone. it did not switch on.
i swear ... amazon rock!!!!!! i got the phone pretty fast nd it works awsome.... loved amazon though ths was my first shopping in amazon..there are no negative featuress till nw and i truly lovd the phone amazon also gives it in very low price.........
Nokia Lumia 520 is the most selling mobile in the market.From this itself is clearly seen that this mobile has lot of advantages over other mobiles for this price
Nice phone. Easy to use n handle for senior folks too. It is Great, look n features wise. Kalpesh Bhanushali
good camera in thies range smooth ui best to buy ..! honestly i recomand if you want best camera phone in thies range and want to try something different
I like this phone much and meets the expectations I had. Except for the 512 MB RAM and missing Flash for Camera, it serves well in all other areas. Especially for someone switching from Android to Windows, it's a welcome change indeed. Another sore point is the missing equalizer for Music Player. Audio Quality is so flat! Come on Windows, can't you have your own Windows Media Player in your own phones? Otherwise, a very good phone for it's price. A true VFM product.
amazing phone with this price range ..only thing is RAM. less then 1GB... if they could increased the ram up to 1GB with same price... also need manual on window user guide ..
Had trusted amazon but bad experience, phone was sent by univercell and the battery doesnt even stay for 3 hrs..!!
Great mobile in the budget.looks costly than highly rated phones.good speed,8 gb internal memory,fast ram,good applications.very good camera,big screens, up 64gb expandable memory.
Good product, quick delivery, good packing. Only disappointment with the phone is battery doesn't last long, have to charge at-least once a day.
Having problem setting it up have no proper details on how the set the setting and still in box that is came with one of my worst buy
I feel happy of purchasing Nokia Lumia 520 in Amazon.in, the reason behind this is, when I start checking many online stores I found high rates but Amazon displays the low price compared to other, so I recommend Amazon.in as best choice.
I always vouched by Nokia & it's battery quality but not any more, or may be it is Amazon's way of draining away all the margin possible by compromising with the original battery & spares, as per my acquaintances in the likewise business.This has ruthlessly crushed the trust we put into Amazon's brand name . These websites are not worth huge investments, all that one can risk to buy is may be a low price T-shirt , for if it is not as good as touted - at least can serve as a dusting cloth.Have Processed for refund, let's see how good an experience is that. Still hopeful that at least the refund will be a measure to nil out the sufferings of buyer's dissonance. Will keep posted.Till then Amazon India - A big disappointment.
I bought lumia 520 from another shop. It is the best phone in this category in terms of display, camera, music etc. But it is very slow when compared to android. And also there is nothing in its app store. But by taking this as whole it is good
Battery backup is less, stays for a day after minimal usage of internet browsing. build quality and camera is good for the price
Guys, Trust me, this is seriously good ... Completly worth to buy ... Go ahead without any hesitation... Cheers, Aditya
i am satisfied with the product but your ward took 500RS extra so please refund my money as soon as possible
If any one interested in buying this phone,used for only 25 days Can contact me or add me on WhatsApp on 07618825160 For Rs 7300 with a smiley cover n screenguard free...
Microsoft buys Nokia phone business, and I choose Windows over Android. So much is praised for Nokia Lumia 520 at various review/testing platforms and sites. It is worth buy budget phone.
Good so far thank amazon thank for good product & service. Thank again.great price affordable I reccomend. Keyboard is a bit small otherwise
Outstanding performance at this price absolutely lag-free phone and I am very satisfied with the deal with Amazon. The live chat room of Amazon is also very helpful.
cute smart phone with low price and use full applications are loaded in it Its very nice and useful to me.
I liked Nokia Lumia 520. It is Fresh piece. And I liked Amazone Service very much. Thank you very much.
It was my first purchase on amazon and price I got still I consider one of the best price I got and best part I got cash back offer also. Product is okay...not bad not great but on this price one of the best looking and touch experience...
i really liked this phone. Its very smooth, display is good, typing is fast. The only issue I faced was while trying to run the VLC media files (.flv), its not running properly. I have yet to find a proper app for it, if it exists
VERY GOOD EXP. AMAZON,S VERY FAST & QUICK ONLINE STORE. I LOVE SHOPING FROM IT. & ALSO TELL MY FRIENDS FOR THIS STORE.
Its the best phone for the price... Nokia maintains its standard... Love it.. Ppl looking for reviews, just buy it..
I GOT MY ORDER IN RIGHT ON TIME. GOOD PACKING AND GOOD SERVICE .I BOUGHT LUMIA 520 BLACK FOR JUST 6999.!!!! THANKS A LOT....
Super fluid interface, great phone at a great price. It's a touch slow sometimes due to low memory but more than serves a purpose of a smart phone!
Nokia Lumia 520 is one of the best value for Money Smart Phone available in the crowded budget smartphone market today. The Pros: Nokia Brands Assurance with excellent and well established service setup Windows 8 OS which delivers excellent result even with 512 MB RAM. (Thanks to Bottom up approach of Nokia in developing the device in such a way) Cons: Cannot shift APPS to SD Card. Overall a fantastic value buy. Top it with Amazon's regluar Cash Back schemes which makes the deal even better.
Really nice phone ....It is super cool and fast...best phone to use with an affordable price. ...thank you Nokia Lumia 520..!!
All products are awesome !! Except pen drive !! When I ordered pen drive in website deal was 16 GB but after purchase I got email stating that it was 8 GB !! It's a irritating factor need reply ASAP
Windows is better than android for all features like all apps ,user interface,visual,picture clarity everything is perfect but some features are not availabe.........
Using it for one week. First windows phone after series of android phones. Pros: 1. Awesome UI. No glitches no hanging. 2. Although fitted with a matte screen guard, easy to read in sunlight 3. Awesome camera. 4. Very good battery back-up. Lasts one and half days with heavy using. 5. Very good network reception and good voice clarity. Cons: 1. No swype keyboard. But it is coming in windows 8.1. 2. A bit odd to hold and type in one hand due to excess width. Go for it if you need a nice phone to be used as phone mostly.
Works great. Touch is nice. Apps are few though but they are coming quite often now. Satisfied with the product. Value for money.
Phone is very good except battery capacity is very low. I have to charge frequently. I like all features, cost low for a windows phone and pleasure to use. I would have given 5 star if at least a minimum of 1800 mAH battery was provided. Micro SIM is to be used, so I have to get a new SIM and could interchange from my other phone.
Nice Mobile in low price. .. Moderate speed and almost all function are available Difficult to operate for the first time (:-)
Nokia still the market leader, I like this product, as it full fill all my requirements. It is the best cheapest phone Nokia provide for the users like me. Thanks to AMAZON and Nokia....
It really awesome, cheap and best mobile available at present. I love it I love it I love it I love it
Value for money. It meets what I wanted from this device. Nice response, touch, no lagging.. It's just awesome. Cool.
Awesome phone. Good looking phone, Nice screen,good viewing angles. Faster than any android phone within this price range or even above. Compatiable with most of the important apps and I personally think within 1yr or so windows phone will surpass android phones in terms of apps also. Battery is also good. In simple reviewing language total paisa wasool
a very good product with solid hardware. sporting window 8.1 as its big brothers make it all the more cool!!
best under 9k.....but its sibling 525 is doing the best because of 512 mb ram we need to restart mobile for atleast once in a week apart from this my lumia 520 is doing the best
The phone is superb ..... Just looking damn cool in hands....... Lovely product.... loved shopping from amazon.in gr8 experience...:) lovely
best phone under 10k .good music,camera,browsing,touch quality.No need to install any external browsers.Internet explorer is exceptionally good.i easily copied contacts from my old phone to Lumia 520 by using Transfer My Data App. Hangs when signal is week and some times while receiving calls. Best Apps: Nokia Cam scanner,Photo Funia,Transfer My data.
its started giving problems after 1-month of usage.. call is being dropped every time i make a call. also the phone started hanging...it heats up when u use it while charging n during multitasking.
i gave this mobile to my gf and shez happy a way too happy. best mobile at this price. you gonna love it.
Nokia is always a best company.Windows Phones are better than android.I love it The touch of this mobile is really smooth and awesome. Really good mobile by NOKIA.
Go for Samsung Galaxy S Duos instead! Battery life is not good. The home screen design is good and I am loyal to Nokia in some ways... but quality and performance of this phone leaves a lot to be desired.
My experience is being good with it . Like :- 1- Screen , graphics , Display is very good . 2- Battery backup is good . 3- Build quality is good 4- sound is clear , camera is good in day 5- AND nokia trusted brand Dislike :- 1- NO FM radio 2- No flash light 3- Apps availability is poor 4- UI little bit difficult to understand Android users 5- Single and mini sim
Its exceeded my expectations. I am more than happy to use this and look forward to buy more from amazon.
Good phone with amazing features and windows platform gives you great support… five star rating is for Nokia Lumia 520,,,good service by amazon
Received Product on time and in perfect condition. Excellent customer service. GOod variety of products available and good discounts available on website
I had been using this phone for about a month now.Initially,I had been hesitant to try out a window phone.I decided to go for it keeping in ming Nokia's track record for making dependable,cost dffective product.Following are my observation. Touch:Very responsive Looks:Average Utility:Userfriendly,once you get used to the interface. 3G data speed:Average Browsing with wi-fi:Satisfactory Availability of apps to download:Adequate(Though nothing like Android Apps) Compatiability to different appa:Very good. Camera quality:The 5MP camera is quite impressive and the panorana feature especially works very well outdoors.Only drwback is non availability of flash overall,a dependable,value for money entry level smartphone.
I liked the phone very much. it is compact and cost effective. Also Amazon gave me a very decent discount of more than 2500/- rupees. it is worth.
A windows phone of Nokia at this price is an excellent deal..will look forward for more purchases. thank you .
it is really amazing product from nokia , if u wanna give a gift then this would be a right option for an affordable price
I have two Windows Phones in the family already, and bought a 520 to upgrade my mom to a smartphone from her old feature phone. I had options in Nokia Asha, cheap Androids, Nokia Lumia 520 and 525. Cheap Androids are just that. Cheap. I skipped Asha in favour of the Lumia. While most folks would recommend 525 over 520 because the former has 1 GB RAM instead of 512 MB as in latter, but that's only a factor if you play a lot of games. Some games don't run on 520. I haven't heard of any issue with any apps running on 512 MB phones. My mother would not play games, so I opted for 520, about 2K cheaper than 525. It's a great device, and pretty good build quality for a sub-8K phone. Gets all the latest update, runs all the apps that she needs, and I'm buying a back panel in a different color to give her the variety. Limitations, listing just in case: 512 MB RAM, no front camera, and no flash with rear camera.
I baught this for my sister who is completing her graduation and i quote this as the best Windows mobile available below 8.5K range. Screen Size is optimum, meaning its not flaunting big and so can carry it in pockets and operate it with single hand. Touch is really good and Camera quality is decent [looking at the camera of 920 where the autofocus excites us]. It has all those features of extra costly smartphones and processing speed is always good.
Nice to have it! But windows getting strucked many times. Still good piece to have......... have a good day. tc
Really good phone. 3g internet works fine. Games well played. only battery drains quickly. And fm radio is scrap. nokia black os is better.
Excellent product best thing about this product is to get free official music i always download Bollywood and kids music like rymes etc. What i dont like about this product is it dont have flash for taking photo and eventually photos are not so clear in dark. Other wise its excellent mobile touch screen is excellent, business email is also nice.
delivered in the given time and a great phone but ram is 512 mb so cannot take much load but execpt this all other features are good.
A very handy and light phone in lower segment of smartphone. All Nokia Lumias are responsive with super sensitive touch. Windows at present does not give you option to customize a lot. But it will make you feel for a promising OS. Works like butter even with 512 RAM.
its really good to work with...... but the battery backup time is not as specified.... some times it may hangs
everything was good there won,t be any problems like android like slow because of low ram. good mobile for the price under Rs.10,000
i i i i i i am happy best and good delever with in time very best deal with amazon.in thanks
Go for Samsung Galaxy s duos if you love apps and games. but if you consider windows phone its the best in low end phones
I got this phone for my father and I'm happy with the buy. My father is a first time smartphone user and he's getting used to the functioning of the phone very fast as the interface is very simple and clean. This phone fulfils his requirements perfectly, which are limited to listening music and browsing at the moment. This phone has worked perfectly till date without misbehaving even once. Considering the competition in the market in this price range which included several phones with low end hardware running on sluggish and resource hungry android, this Windows phone was a logical purchase. With the 8.0 OS becoming more open and uncluttered as compared to the 7.5, the performance is very smooth and the balance between the hardware and the OS is perfect.With the 8.1 update round the corner this beautiful product can only get better. The phone has a rugged and solid feel to it, miles ahead of products dished out by the likes of Samsung in this price range. If you are looking for a phone under 8k you should go for it.
Nokia windows mobile.ok product.run by windows os.....amazon is a trend setter in online bussiness.better option is get best mobile if you spend some more amount.
Nice and cheaper product, i recommend Amazon to my friends since the service is excellent and we could get the product soon than we expect
i am really thankful to amazon......its really a smart cell phone....now i dont need to buy a camera ....and laptop.................
Yes high configuration games will not run on this but then you are not buying this for 20000+ , for day today life it will more than serve your purpose.
Good deal for this Nokia lumia 520 window mobile phone with 10% cash back through Axis bank debit card purchasing.
I Never like that Nokia lumia ? But I try to use very fantastic phone I Love Nokia lumia i Very Happy.
Good Phone but hangs up in certain situations. May be Nokia needs to develop patches to rectify the situation. Otherwise all is well.
SUPERB CAMERA WITH UNIQUE FEATURES AND OFFICIAL LOOK TOO MAKE IT DIFFERENT FROM OTHER CELLS IN ITS CATEGORY. USER FRIENDLY TOO
While communicating with the phone my ear is paining I think there must be some defect. I want my phone to be replaced...
No Cons, just Best In Range, cause it is feature packed, very good camera quality, and simply awesome, that's all i have to say
battery backup is not good its backup only 5-6 hour,sometimes mobile is hanged when you call, video quality is good
Purchased Lumia 520 from Amazon, I am satisfied with the phone....windows phone is very fast and does not lag at all....nokia services are awesome like nokia music, maps, camera apps are good....only drawback I see is that it does not have equalizer and phone gets heated up after heavy use....
Very good budget phone. Good build quality and battery backup! But the problem is there are only few good/useful apps for windows. You will regret buying this if u compare this with android or iphone apps. I personally found two things ridiculous: (1) No File Manager/Explorer. (2) You should be connected to the internet to install any app. Final word: If you are a person who isn't concerned about advanced apps then you can definitely go for it. Value for money!
I ordered this phone on sunday and its in my hand on tuesday brand new peice shipped nicely and quickly. about the phone its really great every thing is great the UI the touch the internet the ram is also good.
best look in this range, window 8 a new thing for mobile. Best shopping experience with amazon. Internal memory very good. Screen size good enough. Amazon has very fast and good delivery procedure
Premium phone at lowest price. Best phone available at this price. Robust design and best windows platform.(I feel the platform more user friendly like the windows OS in PC we are all familiar with)
I was looking for a phone which is data enabled and shall run the basic application . Nokia 520 has met all my requirement . Moreover the touch is as comparable as a any high end phone.
There could'nt be a better phone for a price range 7500-8000. Not the best phone specs wise, but a really good budget phone. If u are not much of a heavy gamer, i'ed suggest u go in for it. Subway surfer, world at arms, etc. work very well without any lag.
As with all nokia phones, solid construction and great battery life. I personally love windows so it is what I wanted. but considering what you pay if you compare to android phones in the market it is smaller in screen size and probably less features. great for everyday use as a normal touchscreen phone with smart options. only drawback is micro sim, so you have to get the sim cut and if you are planning to flip to other phones you will have a problem with the sim
it has issues like srt problem, shortage of app ,but overall it is very good for low budget mobile .
This is a good phone with windows starting range.. The performance is good and other features are also good as per its price.
worth buying for this rate.Delivered in time.For those who are camera lovers, it may not be that much good as the flash is not there. But in daylight it is giving nice pics..
I bought the nokia lumia 520 model in mid november. The experience has been trouble free. Despite the fact that the model has hanged on two-three occations. Altogether I am happy and satisfied. :)
The battery backup of the phone was not as expected. Lasts only 18hrs even without using the phone for anything.
It worked well for 2-3 weeks, battery is getting switched off regularly. it is defective piece. we are loosing confidence level ordering online
Phone is nice, working butter soft but if it falls, screen down, den u have no other option but to change it even with the small hair line cracks. SAMSUNG phones do work in such cases. Many of my frnds cracked their samsung phone screen but it is still working fine but the case is not same with LUMIA. Better to buy a good protective cover. Bought it from Amazon, nice service, received within the mentioned dates.
Excellent budget phone, awesome voice recognition for Indian accent,better than Siri and Google now since it is local on the phone and does not requires internet. Good touch screen, smooth iPhone like interface experience. It's better than android phones in price range < Rs 20000
Very handy.meets the expectations and also worth the money paid .Colour appropriate,looks sleek in hand comparitively available at competetive price
Received the mobile at offer price. Excellent so far. Little difficult to start with as the options and settings of a windows mobile are different.
it is good - in fact more than i expected. I was sceptical abt Windows phone. but i was proved wrong
great! i am loving it.contrast to all around me using android phone i went for windows because of nokia and very confidently i can say that i am proud of my choice.and how i can forget about amazon it has great service, provides every thing an online buyer requires.
Got the phone the next day as requested overnight shipping..the technique of packaging is very good...really good mobile...the interface of some applications are bit confusing but will find it easy later...got the phone for 7700...3G works very good...when battery fully charges it shows 21 hrs..there are lot of free apps
Though there are not many free apps available for windows 8 phones, this mobile is still a good purchase if your main usage is to use it as phone. On a good day, taking 2-3 calls lasting 2-3 hrs with little web browsing using wifi and listening to music for about 2 hrs the battery will last for about 2 to 2.5 days. I havent tested the GPS feature yet. Overall good value for money purchase.
Delivered in a timely manner with all box packed accessories and bill. Add on was 500 mb data pack for airtel postpaid customers which I am and hence utilized it.
The touch is simply superb. The phone is worth its value. The only thing to complain about this its battery. It hardly lasts for half a day. Net users will love this piece, I hope.
Never understood what d hullaboo for android was, windows works great for me. And nokia has come out with a simply superb budget smartphone. I got it for 7400 from amazon 4 months back, and it is working wonderfully well. Just change d headphones though.
i wanted to buy an android but settled for a nokia.the phone is the better than its rivals in almost all the parameters.If you are not a big "app person" ,go for it.Cheap androids are never a wise choice.And it looks way better than phones of a much higher price range.The windows nowadays offers you all the important apps.If u have been an android user , you may miss a certain things.If however you are a first time smartphone buyer, you will be more than happy.Only problem is the camera which shoots excellent in daylight, however due to the absence of flash ,clicking pictures in low light is not a satisfactory experience. music and sounds,memory n speed are great.
Worth it !!! Good Model Best in class model !!! .. I like the Black one model .. Pefect choice !!!
Got it under Rs.7000 with 10% Axis Bank Card offer. Phone is great in touch, display, camera and call quality. Only drawback i felt is fast battery discharging rate even in Airplane mode. I think this bug will be solved in future updates.
superb phone in this price range. camera quality and touch are superb. only a flash light for camera and ram to be improved are required.
NICE LOOKING, FANTASTIC DESIGN... NO FRONT CAMERA AND FLASH FOR REAR CAMERA IS A BIG DRAWBACK. SOMETIMES PHONE GETS SWITCHED OFF BY ITSELF. NO SOLUTIONS FROM NOKIA CARE YET. DIFFICULTIES ARE FACED WHILE CLEARING PHONE MEMORY. NO DIRECT OPTIONS TO SEND ITEMS FROM PHONE MEMORY TO SD CARD...
in bill no record of a battery no , service centre man told me if u want a repalce ur battery than give me a bill with a battery no ...... if any one see than please give me a new bill with ma battery no
Have been using it since my purchase and have never had a problem with it hanging up.I needed a basic phone with a lot of battery power and this does help a lot when you are a frequent traveler.I am happy with the phone and the camera,i am not a kind of tech guy so wont be able to comment on tech part,but if you want a basic phone on which you want to listen to music,play games and talk endlessly this is it!!
This is a very good product. Very good packing quality from amazon. value for money product from nokia. good performance.
Good handset value for money I I I I I I I I i I I I I I i
Wonderfull phone. Very much economicall and the best. High internet speed. A problem is that apps and videos cannot be shared.
It's got everything in a small package, good battery, good camera, email and chat. what else would one ask for? Paisa vasool gadget. well done nokia
Amazon always doing amazing :). I have checked in all the online stores and showrooms prize were too high but here really cheat, trust worthy and order processing come service quality always Amazon Amazing.
Awasome mobile f'm nokia....... Good touch, camera is fantastic., overall nice product. This is my 1st purchase from amazon m very satisfied by its service, packing was amazing , thank u amazon,, only one suggestion- provide special offers or coupons to reguler customers........
Nokia is not as it was five year ago. . . All I say that its average product. . .only plus point is pre installed Office and good camera quality. . rest you miss anroid. . . even you cant find a video player at window store just VLC and that is also paid....
I like this product very much. Its smooth and looks trendy. Windows OS rocks for its simplicity. But sometimes phone gets hang but after restart everything runs smooth. Anyways good phone in this budget.
Price is really worth the phone quality :P I booked it for a nearly low range budget in the category of smartphones for around Rs.8000.. But proud to say I'm happy to use this product !! :)
paisa wasool!! With reference to it's price, definitely worth it. Didn't face a single problem when i bought it. No defects.
Awesome Touch Experience, Fast Response to Applications, Excellent Product, Worth for Price. I really loved it, Low price and good
A little expensive. as AT&T is giving it at around 4,000/- The phone itself is good. the features are all there.
I purchase this phone basically for mailing and navigation purpose and its up to my expectation. Its battery backup is also good and last till evening in which I have some calls, mailing, navigation, others apps and some games also.
I dislike tis mobile bcoz we can't assign static ip. My office wifi is integrated modem. I cant use d wifi in my office..
very good touch, good working but single SIM, amazon price offered was very very good, no where at this price the same product was available.
If you want the feeling of using Windows phone then go for it as it has everything which you can think for the Win phone. Pros: Win8 Durable Stylish Cons: Strict policies of using with other phones
I bought this phone about 3-4 months back and I can say that the product is excellent and absolutely value for money. Also the deal I got on Amazon was amazing. I will recommend Amazon & Nokia Lumia 520.
Its a beauty beast looks really good. touch is ultra smooth. cam is ok ok. UI is awsome. but installing apps is a headache process unlike android. But still its a great mobile at this price...........
PROMPT DELIVERY IN VERY GOOD PACKING. WORKING WELL - I AM HAPPY. BOUGHT AGAINST OFFER IN JANUARY 2014 FROM SBI CARDS TO AMAZON.IN - YET TO GET THE DISCOUNT AS PROMISED. HOPE THE MATTER GETS RESOLVED SOON. OTHERWISE AMAZON.IN IS PRICE WISE REASONABLE AND SERVICE WISE VERY GOOD.
Simply it is better than Android and similar to iPhone. still i would recommend Nokia Lumia 525/720/820 You ROCK Windows Phone :D
it is amazing ,with in 3days got it. thanks a lot.It is working nicly.I apprciate your efforts.windos phone that too nokia lumia 520.
perfect purchase for this price and configuration also nokia brand is world's renowned. i purchasing it & it was value of money.
Value for money. Dropped many times but still didn't get even a scratch......Battery is good....... The only drawback is the camera is not good.
I am using this phone for 5 months now and quite satisfied with its performance. This is the cheapest phone at such a bargain price with a brand like NOKIA.
Low Prize And More Expensive Nokia Lumia (520) in Nokia Lumia (520) Mobile Phone is A Nice And Sup-b Quality And .
It was a big mistake of me to purchase Nokia 520. It is not having any feature. Moreover, it not like other nokia set, which catch good signal, good battery life. I would not recommend other to purchase this product.
it is jus awesome .. but i m getting one problem .. updsating problem .. it showing microsoft account un available
Good performance, battery life, display for the money you spend on it. If you spend the same money on a mid range android phone or a lesser known brand android phone then you wont get half this performance. No hype and only performance about this phone.
I have been cheated by amazon.. I purchased the mobile using Axis bank where there was 10% cash back. And now I hear that you should not have used Netbanking.. This is cheap from amazon.. Lost trust...(sic)
Bought it when the price was around 7.5k, for my not so tech-savvy mother. Received in perfect condition, 3 days after ordering. Solid packaging. Must say, it is an excellent value for money, at this price point there is no android device that has similiar specs, or more importantly this kind of lag-free performance. Apart from a few minor oddities in the OS , this mobile was perfect transition from Android. Build quality is solid, screen resolution/quality is more than acceptable. Loudspeaker and earpiece quality and loudness was decent. Camera was good for the price. Overall, I'll definitely recommend this cellphone, if your looking to skip android for lag issues.
The only flaw is the battery life. I bought it for my father who has to make calls very frequently. And he doesn't tire of complaining about the battery life. Though I did some research and found out that it's more of an OS issue, so hopefully this too should get sorted out.
Good phone for reasonable cost 1. speed is good. 2. camera quality is ok. drawbacks 512 mb ram, temple run and subway surf games will not run on this device.
The phone was a gift and was opened later than 10 days from the date of delivery. the phone did not accept any micro sim from the time of the unboxing, it only showed like the sim is not present.
I ordered this for my dad who finds it difficult to read small texts. He is very much comfortable with this device.
Value for money!! Awesome phone at an exceptional price,strikes a perfect balance between performance and normal usage. Excellent product for the youth.
awesome experience with Lumia. it's so nice handset and the windows 8 was superb in hand keep it up 5 star from my side
I like this phone, we can easily operate whole phone from one thumb only. In starting i don't felt windows 8 OS as user friendly as android, but after some time every thing got normal. In terms of hardware, I felt nokia is the best but OS is not much friendly as android.
I am having problem and taken up the matter with Nokia. Battery back up very low and discharges quickly. The screen cracked. Hope Nokia attends to our complaint and replaces with original part and accessory.
cheapest windows 8 phone with all the exciting features you want. Its been more than two month I am using it and working fine.
There are many good points about it. 1. Money worthy 2. Touch and display is as good as Nokia reknowned for. 3. If your budget is within 10k and choice in between windows and android, then it's reasonably fair choice. Cons. 1. Ram (512MB) 2. Performance deteriorate but very rare.
Sir, I want to know that nokia lumia 520, which is already i get by amazon.in online purchasing site, it is on warrenty period or not ?
it's good appearance , batteries is ok, weight is ok , it's cheap, windows phone is not bad , i love it.....
I bought this phone 2 weeks back and it is just amazing in this price range. Few of best features the phone has : 4 inch of IPS LCD touch 5 MP camera, believe me it is far better than 5 MP camera of other cellphones. Great features of Windows 8 OS. Great use of MS office products in cellphone and sync into your laptop. 512 RAM 8 GB of phone memory 1 GHz processor I would just say, I was using Samsung Galaxy series Android phone and when I experienced Lumia 520, I have no words to compare, it's just awesome. Go for it.
Lumia 520 is an ingeniously designed and crafted phone useful for both official, social and personal purposes. A very good phone surely in the segment of mobiles below 10000, And of course beats android phones with its amazing features. A fully customer integrated with a full high net speed. Good Gaming experience and a very good internal memory of 8 GB..
I have been using this phone for a fortnight now. I have found that the interface great considering that i have just moved into the smartphone world from the Symbian environment. I am not a tech expert. But let me list out some issues that i have had with the phone. Cons: 1. No file manager - if you want to access your memory card, you have to connect it to your computer. 2. You cant send files via bluetooth to friends and you'll have no clue where the received files are until you connect to a computer. 3. The phone will discard files if they are not in compatible formats. 4. There is no easy way to access certain settings like wifi and data options. 5. The phone does behave weirdly now and then (reboots and or exits from apps suddenly). Pros: 1. it is light weight. 2. The interface is smooth 3. Voice clarity is great. 4. The camera is neat 5. The touch is awesome. Bottom line: If you don't mind being a slave to the OS and letting it decide what you do with the phone and how you do it, then go for this. It is cheap and feature rich.
I've found this phone to be reasonably worth for what we pay. I previously owned an Android phone and that was a last moment deicison over a Windows phone. And the idea of owning a WP has now fulfilled. I liked this phone for what it is. Everything about this phone is good except for couple of things for now - (1) camera picture clarity could have been better though not disappointing, and (2) should have a way to group videos in kid's corner (does not look good to have hundreds of video tiles on the home screen for kid's corner as scrolling them would be time-consuming). I'm still in the process of exploring the phone - no regrets so far, and (3) playing FM without headset could have been implemented (for now, I'm using a headset with little piece of wire and without the actual earphones so that it acts as an antenna and turning the speaker on).
The best cellphone you can get at this price... if you are not fond of android .. go for it. Its fast , light and perfect in your hand , when you want to use it with one hand. Best features here maps and nokia music. Cons No notification bar/ quick settings changing options No personalised themes Lack of apps and games on windows store compared to android or ios
i was able to meet my expectations. good service from amazon and i am happy with it. nokia lumia 520 is good to use
I was looking to purchase a simple smartphone on a tight budget. Amongst most options in this range, the Lumia 520 is by far the leader of the pack. Priced at around 7.9k, the laptop is well balanced with features and performance . Would definitely recommend this to students, and professionals who have a sub 10k budget. Tip: the black model comes with a fabric like finish to the back plate which I think isn't available on the other models where the back plate is matte. Making them quite slippery.
In smart phone price range, Nokia Lumia 520 is good phone except it has battery issue as well as memory card compatibility issue.
Good mobile with good features in this price range.. Flash is the only one missing part else rest all good.
The phone screen is not tough like any other Nokia phone. So be careful when you drop it. My glass is broken. The Here maps and drives are really good. GPS + GLONASS combination is too good. The Windows apps store has good number of apps but not like Googles Play store.
It is a very nice phone at this price. I got it at 7000rs and also I got cash back of 700 in the month of Dec'2013.
The glass broke on the first day itself while trying to assemble the phone .... A big disappointment ! Not intuitive if you haven't used A Windows phone earlier.
music lover care full before buy its don't have equalizer! or ordinary music quality. overall its good phone for around 7000/-
got defective piece. checked recently. roaming here and there to nokia care.Dont know what to do now. simply trying to change my phone.
I am having the problem with the camera Key and also the regarding the Date day n timing.The calender is having some problem.Otherwise As its Nokia Its Good.
Awesome phone and lowest price when compared to all other online stores . . .. . . . . .
i have purchased this phone from saholic store wid free insurance. phone is just un-belivable in performance. here are my findings so far, 1. camera is mind blowing 5mp digital camera with hd captureing, video recording is 720 hd. 2. second to none for internet speed at this price range, store has uc browser, internet exlorer is just teribly faster. 3. perform 10 tasks at a single time. 4. store had HD games (better than android) 5. nokia mix radio is innovative app which helps u to dwnld songs, and play dem. better music player than inbiuilt one.
Nothing to talk about the mobile as it is fantastic low priced smart phone. Amazon is simply superb as the price is matched by no other e-tailer.
It is a fab product and best thing is that it not crased until now,onely one thing is bad some games ar not working and thanks to amazon for its delivery 
Its a good product for its price... Nokia being a trusted brand over year I sont need to say anythibg much about its reliability and durability. ..
We thanks to amazon providing this item with an unbelievable pricing!!! Lowest in the market. thanks Amazon for wonderful experience.
I am not a tech wizard. i wanted a smart phone. Android or windows. I would not want. I had bad experience with Samsung in the past and found Nokia to be reliable , so I went for this one. I find it very handy and all my requirements are fulfilled. I want routine apps, e-readers from Kindle, e-readers from flip cart and all those small things and they are all possible with this one. Easy inter-phase. What it doesn't have? usual things like archiving message and all those little irritants that Nokia is now becoming famous for. This is present in other Nokia phones. If you want to forward a message, you don't have a log to pick up number from there. Why these idiots at Nokia give up what they already have? All in all good value for money. And I saved net 1,000 rupees by bying online. Very prompt in executing the order
BOUGHT AFTER READING REVIEWS BUT A BIT DISAPPOINTED..MANY SMALL SMALL COMMON FEATURES MISSING WHICH R THERE IN EARLIER MODELS ALSO....I WOULD SUGGEST TO GO FOR AN ANDROID MOBILE
"A brilliant phone for the price - this is the entry level device Windows Phone was made for." Go for it :)
while purchasing this product i have an offer like, if i select this product then i will get the 20 paytm cash on my paytm account but i didnt get this offer. m really unhappy in this service.
NICE PHONE AT THIS PRICE..... BRANDED PHONE NICE AND SMOOTH TOUCH, CLEARITY ALSO VERY GOOD ALL HD VIDEO PLAYED FROM YOUTUBE
Pros:Carl Zeiss lens, shoot 720p video with 30fps, Free Nokia Music and Mix Radio, Xbox Live Hub, Kid's Corner, Microsoft Office suits, Live tile icons, Browsing/Surfing very fast & smooth. Super-Sensitive touch, Micro-SIM card slot. Cons: Missing features like Front Camera, LED Flash, Compass, NFC chip, HDMI port, File Explorer, Graphic Equalizer, Antivirus not available in App Store. Battery Backup, Limited Apps.
Best hardware by nokia. Good battery backup when compared to android phones. All features are working properly. Best budget smart phone.
Its completely awesome phn....it has everything good except front camera . So who ever is lookng for windows phn @ low budget go for it.
pacca, not expensive, best body design, ips touch is good, windows 8 in mobile is awesome, no hanging, best clarity, more than worth the price, very useful for official and college uses. gr8 to use.
big screen , fast processor , easy to use , with super fast internet . i love this phone .
Simply superb...Meets all my needs and expectations. The only thing is no flash in camera. that is the only thing that is miss...apart from that it is awesome...
Absolutely worth every penny . If someone is looking for a new phone then this is it to go for.
This is a value fr money phone. With good color screen, sound is also nice. Battery last my a full day with calling and music listening.
If you dont want Android and Wanna Try something new .. Look no further than WP8 . Using it along my Galaxy S4 .
It is the best phone under 10 k and even u can compare it with phones of 15000 range.. it also feels good in your hand.. lots of app are there and most amazing thing in windows8 that it does'nt hang. touch is very very good..i'll rate it 10 out of 5 :)
This is a wonderful phone and I am happy to buy it, Anyone can purchase the only drawback is no flash
window is totally different from android and other.its very good. one bad thing is all the apps in payable in windows store.
Loved it....... Nokia phones are much better than any other... ... .. ... ... ... Buy it without a singe thought
Ausome product which i have found in lowest rate. Hey.. Thanks to Amazon which gives me awesome product on time which they are commited
Phone is very good and fast, but sound quality in headphone not so good, also sometime app crash in phone
extra ordinary deal ............ ........ ....... ......... ....... . . . . . . .. . . .. . . . .
hello amazon team, i beleave it's my best one purchase from your site, cheap and best, keep your services up, thanks vinay
It okay not bad less price compare to other mobiles....but nokia lumia 625,620 they are good i guess compare to the lumia 520.
I am very satisfied with my purchase decision, this phone is really 'value for money'. In this range I can't find a better option than Lumia 520
Bought this mobile a month ago in amazon... No doubt it's a great phone in the price range with such hardware specs... But it is now a big diasappointment with 1GB RAM restriction.... The microsoft is now concentrating phones with only more than 1gb ram... Games like Temple Run 2, Asphalt, Minion rush can be played on only 1gb ram... though played it has some lag... The new Nokia Beamer app is now available only for 1gb ram... There are almost all apps in windows phone but compared to android, but it misses some useful apps like yupp tv(doesn't function well), AbhiBus useful at times.... Some of the apps haven't been created for windows phone.... So, don't try to buy this mobile anymore... There are almost half sales of Lumia 520 in all windows phone sales globally... and you can get this mobile anywhere..... Buy only if the price is not more than 7.5k range... You can otherwise check for the alternatives like Lumia 525 or samsung galaxy s duos 2 (S7582) which is now available for 10k.... You can buy any of this mobiles when these prices are slashed by 10% to 20% in 3 to 6 months if your budget is limited....... Dont ever imagine to buy the 512mb ram lumia phones like 520, 620, 625 & 720...... Buy only Lumia 525,if you are windows phone lover, even if your budget is more to have value for your money, Otherwise go for L920 or L1020.........
i was looking for a smart phone from a reputable manufacturer and loaded with decent specs.. this phone met all this and more so within my budget. best feature is the offline navigation..
Got Lumia 520 at ₹.7049 , Brand new, with vat paid bill. Actually black color is good. Now the Lumia 525 is released but price difference is above 3k , so L520 is super bargain.
I was struggling to choose between XOLO Q700 and LUMIA 520. Finally, when it was given for the lowest price, I couldn't resist but to go for LUMIA 520. I don't have any regrets and my experience on Windows Phone is very good till now. Good design, built (both software & hardware). Kudos to Nokia team.
Smart and affordable device. The amount you pay is worth. Beautiful video quality as well. The display we get in this cost is really good.
The os is awesome ..it is jst so fast...da snapdragon processor is da best...bettr dan mediatek processors...overall lumia experience is good...better dan an android stop and start experience..
It's an awesome phone .... from the "king of brand" ... You just love it ....when you have it .....
Its a good product. Amazon service was great. Product is working well. Atleast uptil yet. Nokia lumia is a wonderful phone. You should look forward to it.
Good and price worth product. Windows looks great but it doesn't have all features which are available in Andriod. Amazon service is good.
Best thing about this phone is that there is no lag in its performance when multitasking. it has a nice and clear display with great touch response. I would suggest to go for this phone instead of android phones available in this price range.
Nokia has finally learned to release "budget smart phones" to Indian market after a very long time. Compared to other cell phone manufacturers,Nokia adhere to QC superbly even in entry level phones & budget smart phones. Initially bit difficult to get started with windows phone but once you have a hold on it you will never feel like going back to Android etc. Speaker is in the bottom left corner which gets covered as we hold the phone but not an issue we can still hear the sound. Never hangs that's something superb about windows phones. Got it from Amazon within two days. Go ahead and grab one. WAY TO GO NOKIA...............
i have used this for past month and find this one of the best low budget smart phone for starters who uses windows for first time
Except that camera which is without flash the handset works excellent, no hang nothing! I just love it. awesome product!
best phone in this range.all is gud in this phone except the RAM....so sometimes phone will hang if u start so many applications and watching videos on youtubes is just awesome without any buffering.
Its a nice phone ... but it is a little bit slow to perform...!! 1GB ram is required.. and Windows Application have some limitations..!!
Awsome best services and thank full to amazon who has provide me in cheap rate again thanks to amazon .
This was my first buy from amazon. I was perticularly reluctant to buy a mobile costing thousands of rupees fearing a exchange headache etc. but!!! It was all the way smooth! Till today i disnt find a reason to visit even Nokia! I am fully satisfied with Amazon's delivery system timings plus maintenance of high and verified product quality.eapecially bought this phone for 7.5k so great price. Flawless performance n gud battery n display..m satisfied with what i spent. I am assured with you guys now.will but many more..may be an Apple product in near future.. Thanks amazon for being in India!
super sensetive touch screen. with classic future . camera result is little down but its good . over all good one.
Great phone for this price.Excellent display and touch. Only problem is that there is no file manager as it is a windows phone.
First of all let me tell u that the "Transfer my Data" is not working. Tried to contact Nokia, the man there gave a vague reply. Still it is not working. Camera is not giving clear pictures. To take a snap it is taking too much time. To function as a phone it is good. All other things average only. To save a number is time consuming. Too many operations to save a number
I just love eveything in this phone..Its style,look,features,compatibility everything is perfect..luv it..;)infact delivry n packaging was too good..ovearlly jhakaass..thnx amazon.;)
This product fulfill my requirement. Fast downloading and touching sensitivity is really good and much more also great game exp...
The phone is beyond my expectation. In this price range, I think this is the best smartphone. I bought it almost a month ago. Till now did not face any problem with it.
Amazon.com is really helpful and there product is 100% genuine.granted so i am very happy with amazon Thank you. Amazon.
The product received was excellent. I recommend this product. Also, I got the product within two days from the date of order. My regards to Amazon team.
This phone absolutely offers lot more utilities than what i payed for that. I bought it for only 7K in GOSF. Now i am feeling like buying another to gift my brother.
Great looks, Great features and decent battery life is the main features of this phone. Only missing is some useful application likes app. locker , memory booster. some games.
As we know, Amazon is World leader in Ecommerce and found it in real. Packaging was good along with service.. Thumps Up for Amazon..
Doesnt have all the bells and whistles but get the job done. and at a fraction of the price. silky smooth user interface. Forget the specs. just use it.
Awesome phone Lumia 520.....its fast,reliable,and much more capable of competes with android market. As having great battery back up its first phone of Nokia i so liked......but some problems to lumia 520 that Microsoft not convinced to transfer video through Bluetooth. Is os it self can not make detect to memory card storages. Overall its good to having phone like apple. Nice,greater than any android in its price...!
Its a pretty good deal for those who are not too much into gaming and lokoing for good camera with HD recording at low price. I was initially impressed with the performance but then when started testing it with some games the lag showed up. I like it and would be really good for any demographic not interesting on performance draining games. Camera+songs+small games and day long battery, this phone's the way to go (Y)
it is wonderful as there is o hanging problem(specially) at this range. thanks it is good experience for me .
This is a good phone , response time is good and moreover you get a phone which is worth the money you pay
Nokia and Microsoft has tried a great... but still need some more work to be done on lumia series... However, overall a good phone...
BEST OF THE BEST....all good and best product delivered....no words to express my happiness it's the best phone i have ever used...
Good phones in windows model at this price,it could be better if it had flash other than that everything is ok
nice phone..best phone as compare to other smart phone..using since last one month ...all the facility are available which is there in smartphone
Nice to use this phone. battery backup is good. Some more free apps are required like android. Anyway, user friendly phone with win 8 OS.
Its simply super, really worth the money you pay, amazing!!! It's very sleek, handy and it's got a great battery back up even if the 3G is on.....
It is worth the price. Nokia has done a great job. Nokia Lumia has offered me great features. deserves 5/5 :) Sameer sapre
file manager is not that effective yeah but yes smooth functioning phone! hang (due to less frames per sec) some time while playing temple run! Overall: average but as compared to phones in this range lumia 520 has done a terrific job!!
Really very good to use. i loved it. only thing is not getting enough windows app compare to android phones. Dont think we go for this.
Amazing smart phone, best value for money within the 7-8k range of phones. Am a Windows phone user since last 2+ yrs and i still love it. Serves all my utility requirements - browsing, office mails, personal mails,doc,manage/edit xls,ppt, pdf files, facebook, whatsapp, smart edu apps for my kid, et al. Value adds also include free nokia music (best feature of the phone) and the free skydrive backup. You can even change the outer shell easily to match your day. You could get the shells at Rs 300-350 from amazon in a range of bright colors.. Go for it!
Its a good piece with a long battery life at cheaper price. I wish to buy another piece from amazon..different brand
Performance is very good,design is ok, processor speed is also very good. I am happy with this product. suggest to buy.
Great phone for the price. Good even for GPS alone. If you like your gadgets, it is no Galaxy S4 but it is a great second phone.
Camera quality is good. touch quality also good. mobile size is convenient to handle. when playing games and when browsing it generates more heat.
I just Loved It and Thanks Amazon! for making me get this at affordable price and less than anywhere else
Disadvantage in windows mobile: 1. Custom field in contact is not possible (even if u use Google account). 2. You cann't attach files in a mail (only image can be attached). 3. If u forward a mail which has attachment, the attachment won't go. 4. No custom ringtone for messages. 5. Home screen is not effective. 6. less apps (compared to Android) 7. If u want create an App, u need min Win7 PC. 8. This model doesn't have flash for camera. Advantages 1. Good battery life. 2. Nice camera quality.
No file manager, difficult 2 use Bluetooth sharing bt excluding these things lumia 520 is value for money n affordable. Feel good experience while using n entirely nice phone.
One always has a doubt while going in to buying a phone for under 10k, whether or not it be good. But you dont need that with this one. This one's a killer. From the dual core processor providing the buttersmooth performance of the UI, to the UI itself, to the other aspects of hardware like the camera or the display quality, you feel it dont let you down, and to get all that in under 10k. I dunno if anyone can ask for more, given the price. Coming to the camera, it is great, though it lacks the flash. Personally, I'm not a big fan of using flash in photos, as I like them in natural lighting. The native camera app is just ok, but the nokia smart cam app is really good. The 4" display is one you'll fall in love with, but I hear the display is a bit washed up when compared with those of 620 or 720. But who is comparing that much. You cant have everything on a phone under 10k. Plus, the windows phone UI, it also gets some time to get used to if you are coming from android or something. But you will get over the latency in a couple of hours. So I say, if you are looking for a phone in under 10k, dont think twice, just go for it..!! :-)
some time hanging problem otherwise good one at least on that prise. file maneger missing (not proper secquence)..... go for it or not its your choise
Android, iOS, Windows Phone, BB10....... millions of apps, megapixel cameras, GBs of memory, HD, Full HD screens.... tired of all these tech jargons??? No need to pay attention on these when you have a limited budget as you can't expect much from lower price points but exactly this is the point where this mobile satisfies all your smartphone needs while not stealing your money. Achievements: #1 Best selling windows phone device worldwide. Holds more than 30% of windows phone market alone. The phone which helped Nokia to gain it's lost ground. Pros: 1.Price: Now you can't expect more at 7000-8000 INR. 2.Fluid OS: you won't believe how smooth it performs with fully loaded 32 GB memory card 3. Nice build quality, won't let you down among smartphone crowd. 4. Exchangeable covers. 5. and of course it's a Nokia phone Cons:(You can count them but they are not cons since price is bottom low for a decent performer smartphone) 1. No flash 2. No windows key lights (means less fancy phone) 3. No front facing camera. 4. Display lacking Nokia's CBD tech. Overall a phone for first time smartphone owners, backup phone for iPhone, Galaxy, Xperia Owners.
i love its design, sleekness and style. Hardware specifications are good at this price, no other big brand is offering 5MP camera with HD recording.
Superb mobile I love it what a os by microsoft and what a product by nokia with grt price by amazon u should defenetly take this one
Camera is more then good enough. nice battery life. But As Compare to android windows apps is not so good.
I like the every feature of this mobile,but some odds sharing the videos outside the photos folder is not getting possible and games like templerun2 and subway-surfers are not yet released so...they need to rectify those issues apart from that eveyrthing is awesome like video recording,touch-ability,camera,.....
I am very happy with my purchase. Mobile is good and screen resolution , camera everything is good. Only cons is it works with micro sim.
battery life is most dissappointing, gud for browsing, i like the rest of the thing are ok with this model,
This is my very first windows phone. I love its responsiveness and speed. Though it is small on many parameters compared to its more illustrious seniors (620, 720, 920 etc), its performance is wonderful. And at the price it is available, it is much better than higher priced phones. I don't need many apps and other functions and so I think this is the phone for me. This phone has made me a 'windows fan'!
Only good thing which I saw was MS Office. Other than that it is very difficult to use. Not user friendly. The first foolish thing was that it does not say how to make a micro sim from a normal mini sim which all mobile connections give. One small note with one sentence would have been sufficient. The call log is hopeless.
Decent phone and a good change from ios and androids.. An entry level phone, drawback is the less no of apps available.
phone is excellent but the battery life is too bad have to charge twice or thrice a day great job by nokia
very good delevery of ,product is new.very good delevery of ,product is new.very good delevery of ,product is new.very good delevery of ,product is new.
I have Ordered the Mobile on 25th and on 28th Nov 2013 i have getting it in well package and on time as per their commitment.
Had to return the product as the ear piece turned bad in 10 days. I was lucky I took the 'Fulfilled by Amazon' product S there were no hassles with the return and refund.
I was looking for a smartphone under 10k and I was on a tight budget. Started my research and soon realized that cheap android phones are a waste of money and one should buy higher or medium range phones to get a good android experience. I didn't mind experimenting and soon Lumia 520 caught my eye. It had the best screen on any phone less that 10k, reasonable memory and reasonably good appstore. All the major apps are there in Windows appstore also and those were enough for me. But the RAM was only 512MB, but then I knew I am not gonna install each and every app. Flipkart suddenly stopped servicing my area and hence I ordered through Amazon. The delivery was extremely quick and that detailed review of the delivery is given separately. The phone just the right size. It is super fast with nice clean UI and I was able to install all the major apps I wanted. Like Whatsapp, Facebook, Evernote, TuneIn radio etc. I would definitely recommend this phone to everyone on a tight budget. A comparable android phone (It has 1GB RAM though) I found was Sony Xperia M. But it costs 5k more and hence the decision to buy this was a no brainer.
Every thing is ok but something is missing like video file can't be share through blutooth, background downloading not possible, exit from app or close apps very difficult.
Wanted to go for new OS and had good experience in this mobile. Camera, Display, Speed are excellent. Some shortcut options are not available. menu style is not attracting.
Hey everyone, I recently bought lumia 520 from AMAZON and to be frank this phone is more than worth the money u pay ..., The features i liked about this phone are: *super sensitive screen(Better than higher end phones of other companies) *camera which clicks better shots in well lit conditions *the more stable windows 8 OS *good battery life *it is slimmer than it looks *awesome video clarity. CONS: *less apps compared to IOS and ANDROID(though almost all popular apps are free ;)) *earphones cud be betta(though it sounds too good with other earphones) so what are you waiting for , blindly go for this one guyz :) its simply awesome
The offer price was tempting (7550). It was a decision i cherish. I bought it. Lumia 520 is a good performing phone.
just loving the interface..........and the smoothness of this wonderfull windows phone......no regret after buying this......i love my lumia 520......5 star
Pros Great price Great display Good Camera Good Sound quality Cons Terrible battery will last almost 7 - 8 hours without any data usage The camera lacks a flash and the camera UI settings are complex. The UI is a bit confused and will take time to get familiarize. The OS hangs on lock screen some times and have to remove the battery to make the device back on
Nice windows phone in low price range with nice battery and display qualities, we can see clearly Nokia's expertise in making phones even in low price reange.
ITS VERY PLEASURE TO SAY THAT ITS AMAZING PHONE AT 7670.AMAZING BATTERY,HIGH SENSIVITY TOUCHING,NO MORE HANGING LIKE SAMSUNG MOBILES,HIGH QUALITY CAMERA AT 5 MP, THE ONLY ABSENCE IS THAT FRONT CAM AND CAMERA FLASH.THE HEAD PHONE IS NOT GET A HIGH BASS OR A STERIO SOUND JUST AN ORDINARY SOUND.BUT GOOD CLARITY AND A CLEAR VOICE.
It's a decent mobile in smart phone era and it has a windows os which performs good. rating os 4.5 out of 5.
Windows will definitely win the game in long term,moreover, Nokia has given a product which is elegant and royal. its an perfect phone.
Nice Phone and best price. I think online shopping is far more better than actually going to a retail outlet.
video chat on skype possible even without a front camera. this was not possible on Android phones without a front camera. Unlimited music downloads for 3 months is an awesome feature. 'Here Drive' app for gps navigation is by far the most accurate navigation tool I have used, found it easier (and more accurate) to use than Google navigation.
I received the item with broken volume key and FM was also not working. Please check it before you purchase.
Undoubtedly useless interface especially when it comes to the basic functionality of calling, sending SMS, managing contacts and groups etc. .. Though i was using android phone, i went in to this phone because of Nokia branding. But the Windows OS is really pathetic. I think Windows is trying to make business with its half cooked stuff baked in!!! My money is wasted in this gadget. I have changed many mobiles but never seen such a pathetic user experience. 1. setup wizard is not obedient. - during the wizard setup, i made a custom setting not to use mobile data connection. I don't see any wifi settings wizard also. But int he end of setup, i get a message that some apps are getting updated. i have no clue from where. 2. Cannot have a local contacts. It will always sync with Microsoft account. No way to delete multiple entries. Even if i delete the entries in Hotmail from my desktop, it is not reflecting on the phone people. I have no clue from where all it syncs up when i have only one account configured and that too is Microsoft. 3. If i have a contact with multiple phone entries, and you got a missed call, you have no clue if the call is from his mobile or home or work. No number is displayed. Clicking on the call log, it takes me to the contact page. from there, i can't text to a particular mobile. Lumia decides to which number it will text the sms. 4. No much apps.! I made a big mistake by buying this phone and i advise don't buy this phone and end up with very limited functionality. Useless interface especially when it is urgent.
Good phone for this price. ram 512 mb drawback. For games it is slow. It require at least 1 gb
It is wonderful phone , value for money , i think person is fulish who use android base phone , A lot of mis understanding is create for witndows based phone in market . i suggest every body , please dont go in market report . this phone is very good . it batary backup its technolody Its camera , sound system every this is upto the mark. further i must appretiated amazon system & couriour service . my phone is seal pack & enclosing vat bill perfectely . no issue . nokia & amezon both are best. just go ahead .fot his phone.
The phone is user friendly, but needs to fix some bugs on OS. The OS crashes sometimes hope this will get fixed in next update, overall its very nice phone. On-time delivery by Amazon as promised :-)
excellent display , battery backup is nice.. phone get hang frequently.. buttons need to be improved. expecting more updated and stable os from microsoft.
Awesome phone. Delivery superfast. Kudos to Amazon!! I would suggest whoever is thinking of purchasing a superb smartphone in less than 10K, this is the phone you are looking for. Very user friendly and easy to navigate.
Say what you will Windows phones are better than Android. Yes. Spiritually, ecumenically, grammatically and technically better than Android. If you are bored of lagging,if you are bored of the same user interface, if you you are bored of seeing the same phone everywhere, if you want a better user friendly experience, if you would like a good camera in a budget smartphone, if you would want to make a sane decision on spending your money (and later be proud of that decision) GO FOR THIS PHONE. I won't go into technical details and count all the pros and cons as you will find that in almost all the reviews. I am writing as a normal consumer to another consumer with full responsibility and devotion. Don't want to believe me? Don't. Sulk on your "Lagaroid".
lumia 520 is great phone. BATTERY backup is very good. internet speed is very good. Internet speed is also very fast. phone never hangs.
Hi All, Product is delivered on time but there are so many issues with the Mobile, got it from Amazon. Some of the issues I found till now: 1) This item is fulfilled by Amazon and seller should be SAHOLIC but my mobile is delivered from some other seller Spice India Pvt. Ltd. I don't understand why the seller is changed. 2) Phone is getting switched off very frequently even though I don't use any big aplications or games and this making me to think twice before buying anything in online. Anyway I got the experience with this mobile and I am not going to buy anything online in my life time. 3) Head phones are changed. These headphone looks like the real one from Nokia but it is not. Head phones sound clarity is worst compared with the mobile head phones got it from stores. 4) Mobile should be certified by SAR and it should be attached backside(panel) of the mobile. But these mobiles are not SAR certified that means they are not selling the products which are certified. That's why they are giving for lower cost than stores. There are so many reasons for not getting certification, for example. a) Product is failed in End to End Testing. b) Product didn't fulfil the requirements. etc. I am thinking to return this mobile and I hope Amazon will return my money back.
Pros: 1. Awesome look 2. Great Speed 3. Good grip to hold 4. Camera is good 5. Great Sound Quality and Video Quality Cons: 1. No Flash - but not required for often 2. No Front cam
its working good but there is some OS issue ,,duplicate Music/Video/Photo are showing on SD Card , its not a big prblm ,, when os update will come it will be slove. Camera 5mp , video recording better than Captured Picture. camera Features r too good Auto Focus , Cinemagraph,Smart Camera ,CamScaner ,CamCard , bulid built-in QR Reader , Text Scan ,App work great. And Instagram Also avlbl For Windows Phone 8.
Great value for money.. and far better than android phones in the same price range. Highly recommended for those who are first time or budget-Conscious Smartphone buyers.
Value for money, the product is in perfect working condition and comes with original bill and nice sealed pack fully
The phone is great for the price! It has only a 1Ghz processor but it handles Windows 8 very smoothly. It requires a micro Sim card. 4 inch screen size i feel is the perfect size for a screen. I tried a 4.5 inch screen phone but it was too cumbersome to type or to use in general. It has all the connectivity options one would need in India. The feel and build quality of the phone are very impressive. It feels fantastic to use it, built like a tank. The camera is decent, no flash though. Battery lasts me more than a day. Screen is not so great but its okay for the price. lack of dual sim option is the major flaw in this phone. Pro's Cheap great features lovely quality good battery life great looks Con's Single sim No flash Decent screen
Once again great service by amazon. A great phone and value for money below 10k range solid build with a beautiful interface. Love the mobile.
There was a problem with the product,and the problem with the connectivity as the network drops abruptly in between.I am about to go to nokia store and check with the problem.
My Nokia Lumia 520 randomly restarts itself while I am trying to unlock the phone. Is there any way to fix the issue ?
i m thankful to Amazon who supply my phone at very low price among all the online store thank you
Its best phone according to its price and in my budget every thing is fabulous just I request to plz also provide a memory card plz and a littel bit prob is battery backup other wise its best and your deliveryboy mr. Deepak is also a good person he explanin me every thing about product and deliver product on tatha me
The Best anyone can get .... go for it now ... Amazon.in is the only online shopping website u can trust with .... nothing else just amazon ... Love u guys ... thank you again ....
This is a very good Phone, And i am very happy after purchased this phone. And I like my exp with Amazon.
PLUS: 1. Price - you cant get another smartphone with the 520's specs, and the reliability of MS/Nokia, at this price (BTW when I bought it, Amazon had the lowest price among all India e-sellers) 2. Easy to use - doesn't take much long to figure out the interface, and navigate your way around. I migrated from BB with apprehension - but its been smooth riding so far. 3. Very responsive touch-screen. For a first-time touch user like me, it has been easy to 'learn' how to type without physical/tactile keys. 4. Text prediction is pretty good. Word suggestion, as you type along a message/email is quite intuitive (impressive!) 5. Call quality - good 6. Readability (indoors and outdoors) - good 7. Like all Nokia phones, this one is tough, and solidly built. MINUS: 1. Battery - let no one fool you - no touch-screen smartphone will give you juice to last beyond the day. I would rate myself a moderate user, but I need to re-plug in by 6 pm. So if you are a heavy user, look for a power pack as an additional buy, or look elsewhere (NOKIA: why didn't you give a bigger batter?) 2. Doesn't come with a microSD card. You will have to pay extra for that, so fact that in while making a buy decision. 3. Practically useless Search/Bing 'button' - we wouldn't have missed it MS. Please stop trying to push your service through a 'dedicated button'. 4. No lit-up 'notifications' for new messages/mails/missed calls. So you have no way of knowing if there are some mails/messages waiting for your attention, unless you unlock the screen and periodically check. COMMENTS: 1. As far as I can see, there is no 'phone-book' in the 520. All your contacts reside in Google/Hotmail etc, not locally. So what happens if any of those services crash one day? Where's the back-up? If anyone has an answer to that, please post here, and enlighten us. 2. Nokia could have put a 'pulsating' lit-up notification option for missed calls, new messages/mails/posts. Maybe the Windows logo at the bottom of the phone could have been an LED that could pulse to draw your attention. Sadly that feature is not there in the 520. 3. All the 3 'buttons' at the bottom of the phone (BACK, WINDOWS/OPTION, SEARCH/BING) are not back-lit. So if you are using your 520 in the dark, you have to 'feel your way around' (!). It would have been a nice touch to back-light the touch buttons (pun intended!).
Initially when i bought it from Amazon it was awesome.. But now i got a problem with camera button, and sometimes when i get a call, this phone gets hanged.
it looks great. touch sensitivity is very good. battery too works well. comparatively less user friendly against android device..overall a good package for my budget and use..
Its really good .......very low price and higher version what all we need ................................I hope amazon return my cash back offer price money
no one can beat this, no hangs, superb camera quality better than samsung 8mp, superb graphics, touch, go for it
i bought this for Rs6999....... at that time market price of 520 was Rs8600..... so it was a grt prfit 4 me..... so i lykd it vry much...... we get fresh products frm amazon....... so i love 2 buy products frm amazon.in............ <3
I wanted to try the windows phone 8 device and this was the best I can get as its the cheapest Win8 phone out there. After using it for a few days, I would say if u wana try soimething new this can take care of all the basic features of a smartphone(except for a few misses). Battery performance is ok(lasts a full day on normal to heavy use). Graphics are ok(dnt expect much from a 9k device) althoug it runs temple-run without much glitches(yes their are a few but can be ignored). The monotonous nature of UI is something that you'll definitely get bored off after a few days of use. Overall a good device at this price point and should be considered by those looking for something new(specially people switching from basic phones to their first smartphone).
very use full item perfect genuine productvery use full item perfect genuine productvery use full item perfect genuine productvery use full item perfect genuine product
battery lasts for three days if the phone is not used for gaming. build quality is good. resolution of the screen is satisfactory.
Pros Affordable. Decent bundled apps. Expandable storage. Swappable battery. Cons Poor call quality No Flash Weird sensor problems. Poor speaker
I wanted to explore a smart phone and touch screen mobile for the first time, as I was using Nokia N79 for the past few years. Being a software developer with micorsoft .NET platform, I wanted to see how Windows 8 OS was in a smartphone. So I chose Nokia lumia 520 as its low end but has most of the features I wanted. Overall I am happy with the mobile. Performance of the mobile is very good (games, multi taking, net browsing speed). The biggest disadvantages are Battery life (comes to around 5 hours for heavy usage and 8-9 hrs for normal workday usage), poor camera indoors (outdoors its decent enough), lack of options for apps. Since I am used to charging mobile once every 2 days with nokia N79, charging mobile twice a day seemed tedious. But every other smart phone using friend said all phones perform no more than same. Its very long time issue that options in apps are very less in windows market. It has improved in the past 1 yr. Temple run, rail rush, dhoom 3 are available and perform very well. Also in social network side, whatsapp, wechat, facebook messenger are available. Camera can used in situations where you don't have any other camera. Else it would be better to take photos in better phones and get it through Bluetooth. Overall I would give 3/5 for the phone.
the product is up to my expectation an it is having all the features and working properly thank you for providing the product for a such reduced price
windows phone works best, opens all office files seamlessly and never hangs unlike android which hangs twice a day atleast
super phone .. awseome features that u look in a smartphone.. excellent touch and good camera (however flash is missing but then who wants to become a professional photographer :D).. only 1 shortcoming i find is still developing app store for windows mobiles ...last but not the least ..super delivery by amazon .. i ordered it by COD on 4th dec and got it on 7th ..
Superb working....I love it....Budget mobile...Excellent featured smartphone....I recommend all to buy and fulfil ur dreeams of smartphone for less price... Thanks a lot amazon.in...
Phone has got some issues,i dont know if those issue could be rectified by nokia care itself.It gets hanged very often.Camera does not work properly.I doubt if the product give to me is a genuine one.
Pros : - • Thinner than expected and also feels good in hands • Super Camera does a good job, a lot of innovative and improved lenses to choose from. • Silky smooth UI which never hangs even continous long use • Highly perfect responsive touch, works even with gloves on • Games never hang or lag while playing continuously • Offline maps with Nokia Here and here drive works smoothly • Nokia music lets you download all latest and old songs direct to the phone and also online play • Full MS office suit. • Build quality is awesome with a mat finish on its back which gives a firm grip. Cons:- • Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present in store. • No High end gaming due to the 512 ram limitation. .No Bluetooth sharing for the files stored in memory card For the price, this phone is too good to resist. The colors on the screen appears very sharp and real. I really cant think of any other phone which can give you these features even above 12k. For those who are still thinking about the number of apps, one quick info - only Microsoft and Apple checks every apps before its put In the store. Android has lots and lots of apps, but most of them are buggy and useless, they either drain out your battery or consume all the resources which results in poor performance. Every app in windows store is verified for its quality and you can be sure, it wont slow down your phone. In android if you install a few apps, the phone will start slowing down.
Likes: 1. Performance at its best 2. The user interface (Windows 8 tiles) 3. Ease of operation (Windows v/s Linux based phones) 4. Themes (Ofcource the colorful shells which are simple to replace) 5. App ecosystem (Very useful and free apps like MS Office, Nokia Music etc.) 6. Windows My phone Service (Data backup on cloud and lost phone service) 7. Kid's Corner (Separate home screen for kids) Dislikes: 1. Requires Micro SIM (No additional slot for regular SIM) 2. Menu options grouping (Like HTC Manila had single window for switching on/off GSM, GPRS/Data, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi connections and Flight Mode) 3. Simple touch controls are missing ( Viz. volume adjustment, Call answering requires two operations - slide-up and answer / ignore) Conclusion: My first mobile was Nokia 5110 and I passionately owned Nokia 6220 till the keypad is wornout. I'm very happy to switch back to Nokia after using HTC and BlackBerry phones. No doubt - This variant of Lumia series is a great value for money.
Its a good phone as of now. Hope it is an Original phone. Currently the phone is working fine. Thnx
A great windows 8 phone at such a low price.Very sensitive and classic touch.Screen gets smudgy very quickly,however I love this phone. Good customer service from Amazon.By far the best customer service experience I have ever had.
The usability of the phone is awesome ... The touch is superb. The display resolution is as it should be. Its a best buy
I am using this phone for more than a month. Pros: 1. Buttery smooth UI which never hangs. 2. Ultra responsive touch. 3. Call quality is good. 4. Works fast for internet browsing using both wifi and 3G. 5. Offline GPS navigation using Here drive is great and has saved me several times. 6. Preinstalled apps Big flix and Nokia music store are great and useful. 7. Build quality is good. 8. Camera does a good job even in low light. 9. Value for Money. Cons: 1. Poor battery as it drains fast and hardly lasts a day for web browsing / games. 2. Cant play temple run.. hangs.. good for games like inspree etc. 3. No front camera. Overall a good phone and value for money.
I bought it in offer just for 7499/- Camera and music quality is good Windows OS with superb with all the required apps
Great widows phone.Good screen resolution and touchscreen.Good in all departments No front cam and Flash is a minus point.Over all value for Money Phone.
Pros: +Great value for money +Dual core 1GHz processor +Great quality of screen (of size 4") +Decent camera in this range +Decent battery Cons: -Camera button on the unit I got sucks huge time. It became too hard to press after two weeks of delivery. -WP platform not for those looking for Android goodnes
Good features at affordable cost.Buy it without any hesitation.Would recommend it for any person who is planning to buy a decent smartphone within price range below 10000.
Good Value Phone for 7.5 k. All good features in this phone are available which is needed bit hard on windows initially but later it is good.
Now amazon is selling this for 8300 on 5th Dec while my friends have purchased it for 6800. After the launch of Lumia 525 the price of 520 will further go down and 525 has better RAM where you can play games with ease. Don't go for this phone at 8000
purchased for my brother, still it is awesome with no delay. Nokia and Amazon rocks!!! -Packing was also good, I always purchase good product from Amazon.in.
I am using it and happy about the deal which I made with you. It's worth for my money. thank you.
beautiful product ..i ill love to buy another one..full hd videoplay back..a fone at 7500 range..no android will do that
First of all I would like to thanks Amazon for giving such an amazing offer during Diwali. This phone is worth the penny for those who wish to buy windows mobile from a brand like Nokia.
again nokia proved ......best fone at best price....very much better than samsung and other chinese......lot of hang problem....fake body....fake looks..... but nokia 520.....awesome everthing....must buy
I would give 3 stars to this product The look and finish of the phone is good. Touch response is good However windows 8 OS is not as user friendly as Android The user interface is dull and doesn't allow much customization. Camera features are good, but image quality is average
Nokia Lumia 520 is very nice moble and True windows phone at the reasonable cost. So any one can buy this mobile and enjoy!.
its the best phone is this price range....every one should buy it...services of amazon.in are awesome.on time and perfect packaging
this is budget wala phone, which i purchased in 7500k only, n just flash for camera is missin rest all is good
It works so good.It's touch sensivity,camera quality,Browsing speed in a word is awesome.Thaks amazon for giving me the best quality windows phone.......
BAD: weak battery camera without flash age old music player without equaliser bad earphones bad phone case, no gloss,gets detached easily GOOD: windows 8 refreshing good apps frm nokia
Awesome phone. Full value for money. you can't ask for more in this range. Camera, sound, screen resolution and most importantly the speed, simply awesome
Pros good performance great multitasking sleek design and cheap in price cons lacking few mandatory features like file manager, full SD support
like - price, full features, fantastic battery life, easy and smooth interface dislike - no flash, have to pay for Whatsapp!!
I would recommend this product this product to Microsoft Fans and also for people with windows 8 laptop or Tab
The product is nice and have all required features, overall very good experience.. (Just flash is na, will do without)
Fits perfect.. Comfortable to use.. Quality is better... The product is not awesome but it is somewhat worth enough for the price...
The product is good value for the money. It has all the features of smartphone like GPS, 3G etc ..
It is very nice and good to use than other heavy mobiles.It has all functions of all big mobiles. thank..u
Excellent Amazon service, delivery was prompt, delivery guy was helpful Mobile works great, don't believe on rumours. Every negative feedback that I heard about it was fake. Go for it blindly, if its available in less than 7k.
good product and best price.. I am searched in all online stores, the lowest price was in amazon. it is a good deal..
Amazon service is good. You can improve the packing with a brief packing case. Service information and follow up and delivery was very prompt and very speedy. But,I have to go to an ATM to provide cash at 17.00 hrs with the help of delivery boy... better a card swiping machine tobe provided(like others e-shops to the delivery men. The product Nokia Lumia 520 I have received is very nice and the Amazon supplier rate is very cheaper comparing other suppliers of this product and I am using it since then without any problems...Nokia is Nokia no challenge.....happy to have it! Thank you Amazon.in, keep it up and wish u a good trade future to the e-trade.
This is my first buy from Amazon.in and i am really impressed from Amazon. They met the expected time of delivery. I was amazed to get a call early morning around 7:30 AM about my address and around 8:30AM i got my Lumia. It was nicely packed with bubble pack (looks new packaging from Amazon). Now come to Lumia 520..the mobile is very good, touch, looks everything is perfect..Only drawback i feel there is very less customization you can do with Microsoft OS..(like changing of style of home screen, customization of icons,scroll in homecreen..file manager, live wallpaper.. etc). But if you need a decent device not for gaming and other high fundoo stuff then this is best..But still i feel Android is better then windows os.. I would strongly recommend this phone..
The device is superb, received seal pack box, Love the new windows 8 operating system. The look & features of mobile is great. The various camera lenses offered by Nokia is superb. Overall the best phone at such a low price.
Nokia with windows system. Good combination of brands. Looks stylish as well as elegent. Goes with casual, official, sporty all requirements. Good aid for people who are constantly travelling. Nice sturdy body & looks. Windows OS not easy to use??? Its a myth!!!! Less battery life though. Need to recharge almost everyday with just moderate use.
Highly recommended.enjoying windows mobile in Nokia phone. Value for money.touch screen is very responsive with good quality camera. Missing front camera for video calls.
best phone in my life. best windows phone. ...........Nokia Lumia 520 (Black) best , mobile . nokia . 520. best
Pros: 1. Awesome touch. Cons: 1.Battery is little bit concern. 2.Poor file Management 3. No flash in camera 4.Sometimes it will get switched off automatically.
Real quick delivery. well packaged(it matters more than you think) About the product Pro's 1.The 1 GHz Dualcore Processor makes the phone quite fast. 2.Its really light weight. 3.Very sturdy, it feel down like 5-10 times till now and only a minor scratch. Actually surprised the screen did not get damaged because its not gorilla glass. 4.Windows Phone 8 with the Lumia Black update makes things very very good. 5.The battery life is very good too. im not an avid user but i get approx 1.5-2 days which is very good Con's 1.The camera is just average being a 5mp but i have seen better 5mp cameras 2.Lack of flash.(no need to expand on this) 3.Lack of a front camera, no problems faced due to the lack of it but wont hurt to have one. 3.The 512mb ram is not sufficient all the time. Whatsapp randomly crashes,and phone lags sometimes. but only sometimes. 4.To remove sim card/memory card we have to remove the battery 5.Although memory card slot is provided all the apps install onto phone memory but this is going to be addressed by Microsoft in the coming updates, so dont have to worry about that. Verdict: Great phone for a even greater price, few shortcomings but what the heck every phone has a few shortcomings.
This is a best mob in its category. Futures are also good & net surfing awesome. service provided by amazon is too good.
Whether its a entry level Windows phone but for sure it does a smart task that a person really needs. I loved its all features.There is nothing that lags as I hear from many people except user isn't a game freak. In short it's a computer in your palm having Win8.. Enjoy..
Like it very much.... It's different. Best camera, best features, performance and totaly good phone at right price. And also good service by amazon, great and good experience with amazon.......... 
I gave this much rating because some times it's getting stocked, so i need to restart it. I have recommended to many of my friends to buy it and two of them has bought it...
the phone is very good but there is a problem how to share video or how to select collar tune. if you help me this problem i''ll appreciate you,its humble request. Regards jyotsana 9891213860
Wonderful product from Nokia.. Excellent User Interface and performance is great.. Touch screen is wonderful. Enough number of apps are available. Hope we can get more apps in future.
Dear Amazon, 1. Please let me know how to download some videos and audios like YOUTUBE videos. 2. I couldn't able to view or download the Microsoft Excel sheet, Word and PPT through gmail account, so please tell me how to do those things, except above doubts remaining all facilities in Nokia lumia 520. Thanking you.
The performance of the product is upto my expectation.The item is user friendly and battery back up is very good.
Cheapest price I got at Amazon. Service was fast and prompt. Packaging was also excellent. I really like this phone.
Camea result not upto the mark. Unsatisfied with camera result.not supporting many applications like in Anroid OS. Flash is required.
battery is the best thing in nokia ... but its draining soon ... it lasts only for a max of two days ...
simply superb - the packing was very well done with all its accessories including its warranty. I just loved it
Suits all your needs. Stands up to the expectation. A phone @ this price and with such a large screen, definitely not to be missed.
Got it at cheapest price. Phone is 100% original. Got before deliiver date. Packing was good. Don't hesitate go for it.
Good phone to choose. No need to go for samsung or other phones as this will meet all your requirements.
Nokia as always showing commitment to quality offering best in class battery life with least charging time n max discharge time. Faster browsing with even 2G makes it rise to the top. Its value for money. Go for it.. Amazing....
Used this smart phone for the first time and purchased it from amazon.in. Contains all the basic features of any smartphone including 3G network, nice touch screen, windows 8, etc. only drawback is its low battery of 1430 mAH which prevents it from sustaining for more than one day and that too if internet, bluetooth etc are kept on only during usage.
It has been over a month now with my Nokia Lumia 520. The experience of Windows 8 phone is totally different from Android. It is a no nonsense phone. It has never hanged. The UI is initially difficult to understand however you will start loving it gradually. Here Maps works offline too and that is the major plus point of this phone. With certain useful apps you can customize the phones according to your need. I am very satisfied with my purchase and recommend everyone to go with this Phone if you are budget is close to 8K.
Its awesome..tnq amazon for d fascinating offers...i have already booked another one for my relative ..... I am very thankful to amazon.in
outstanding phone specially touch and camera..... under 10000 rupees phone this phone is best choice... and 4 inch display makes it perfect to use ...
I was afraid to get a windows phn .. but this phn totally changed my mind regarding the windows phone.. great looks.. slim and light... if u want a smart phone for a start this is the best choice you'll ever make.. happy to get NOKIA LUMIA 520
Great phone and good to be with the hand. more over i really great to buy from the amazon also works cool
PROs: Its been 3 months i am using Nokia Lumia 520 i bought at rs 7500/- with in 10000 rs budget it is good phoone to buy 1.looks smooth,good and 4 inch screen suites hand perfect 2.internal memory : 8gb is good to install more apps 3.camera 5mp with absolute clarity 4.battery life (no need of talking nokia battery ) Cons: 1.all apps are available but need to buuy in xbox 2.micro sim 3.no flash and front cam ram is 512 mb but no lagging
i bought this Nokia Lumia phone on 1st November, and i feel very good, this phone is working fine and they delivered in time Thats way i suggested to my friends, i only booked to my other friends on Amazon.com Thank you Amazon......................By......V Raja
Advantages: 1) The user interface is very good 2) Internal memory of 8GB is best at this price 3) Camera clarity is good 4) Vast number of applications available in nokia store Disadvantages: 1) Battery backup is not upto mark 2) Gets heated up easily 3) 1GHz processor would have been an icing on the cake Overall its worth ur money.... Just go for it....
overall very satisfied with lumia 520 cons: cant send video in whtsapp , apps are not as good as in android, bluetooth connection is littl complicated, and equilizer is not there ..
Im writing this review on my Lumia 520 and Im glad Amazon India was a part of this experience. Though the offer I used to buy this phone is no more, but I love my phone and my friends are fans as well. Looking forward to getting more AMAZONG offers!
Phone is working in good condition and everything's good. A couple of week before I notice while I'm inserting my SD card that marks on its all screws and I'm 100% sure its all there while i receive the product. Now I'm afraid if nokia doesn't accept it under warranty. Really bad :( :(
SuperLike!!! Awesome phone.Great on performance and great on features. I would recommend this phone over any android phone of same range.
The youngest member of NOKIA LUMIA family and by far the most reasonable product by Nokia. Fast processor, Windows 8, great camera and great graphics. This is a complete package for those who want lumia in their hands and not spend much. Kudos.!!!
This phone is just osm with all configuration and stuff. i recommend this to all. very good working and functions
This is my first purchase from Amazon and i am really satisfied with the services and with the product. Thanks Amazon...
Iam very happy to purchase lumia 520.its a very good phone having best quality camera and other features with a pleasant experience of windows phone.
Excellent phone in this budget. Nice touch, excellent camera, windows os, excellent quality of wi-fi, good number of apps etc.. only con is : no front cam.
I was looking for it as & got it at the price I was not expecting. It was simply amazing.......
great product ... good value for money spent and looks elegant ...I didn't find any problems with the phone .
Nokia Lumia 520 is a perfect treat in its price range. With supercool touch, you can have yourself gliding through the experience. The Nokia Drive application is awesome. The phone functions well without any complaints of hanging contrary to most of the Android phones. The camera is fine in day light, but without a flash it wont be able to capture the best in night. PS: The Amazon deal added to its beauty.
Very Good product, reasonable price and excellent service. Received within one week from the date of order. Nicely packed .
I have bought this phone for my dad.. and he really loved it... This is the cheapest on all site and i highly recommend to go for it..
Amazon Store is Cheaper than all online store. It is awesome mobile. Great windows mobile. *** Value for money ***
I got the phone during diwali with an excellent price. quite fast for all generic apps. Though some Apps are missing in comparison to Android serves to my purpose. good battery back up generally full day+few hours with 1-2 hrs of talking and 1hr browsing. Free nokia music store is an advantage. Delivered next day to order..
The phone is really nice, it got really good UI,Touch is good, and Wi-Fi is fatser than its counterparts from Samsung.
1.This is best Windows phone at this range 2.Windows is far better than Android 3.Battery life , browsing, Social networking ,Office and Email apps are even better than android 4.For tight budget for go 520 unless i recommend to buy 720
super phone. this full fills all my requirements. thanks to Microsoft and Nokia for giving great phone. Thanks amazon for the offer.
amazon brings amazing,For the price, this phone is too good to resist. It has got everything to win your heart. The colours on the screen appears very sharp and real. I really cant think of any other phone which can give you these features
I have taken Lumia 520 on 29th oct 13 and it is working good until now..... Low cost and best efficiency
Good, Nokia satisfied me again with good user friendly one, First week experience is good.. Feel got the right one
Good and smart phone.easy to operate and understand app Battery is withstanding for one day.overall lumia520 is a good phone
My previous phone was BlackBerry and I decided to switch to Windows Lumia 520. What a performance, suddenly I find myself in fast lane. Feature loaded and with long life battery, it is real worth the money spent...
Lumia 520 is awesome..and really very fast as compared to any other phones in this range. windows experimce is great:P :).. But RAM is littlebit low ... So u maycan go lumia525 which is going to releases soon. ... :)
i bought this product one month ago. i got this problem of getting switched off frequently since from the first day. Also it does not read my micro SD card. now i am going to replace this. this problem might be due to loose battery i think because after 2-3 days when i put a small piece of paper to tighten the battery,afterward i worked fine but still memory card problem is there. So choose this at your own risk, if you get ideal product then this phone is good.
The configurations are good. But the battery back up is very bad,it will be down in 9hrs even if i do not use the set for talking or internet purpose. i need some help in this regard. Hope AMZON will give me some gidance regarding this.
Good Processar & RAM. Camera & Video HD Quality . Becomes Heat while using the Internet, i can recommed for entry level user.
good but battery drains quickly .it has good features for a low price rs 7500/.over all it is really a smartphone.
Altogether a nice phone w.r.t. to performance great for gaming, doesn't hang if compared any other os The shortcomings: 1. No vibration mode 2.FM Radio not available
Lumia 520 - A good Price Mobile Its a entry level smart phone - Good Resolution/Build/Battery Back Up etc Cons : No Quality Pictures on Low light(Very Good in Day Light) No apps when others enjoying with android
Lumia 520 is great but you have a pc and internet to download the apps for him but it is a required to Lumia but its performance is so good and amazon buy in very low price so get it now and the tiles are very superb it is very simple to got the app and they give info of ot
The mobile Nokia Lumia 520 is awesome and I bought at cheaper from the market rate from Amazon and its working absolutely fine.
I like the phone very much " it is a Paisa wasool phone". Also when you buy it from Amazon its a awesome experience the price you find the best in market. There is 1 disadvantage of this phone that is no file manager in this phone. If you have to do any changes in your SD Card data so you have connect this phone with PC. But other wise phone is awesome & i will recommend to all.
Lumia 520 is an awesome phone at this price range, go for it eye closed. !!! For few, only dis-advantage is the no-flash, no front camera if you can live with this, rest is all good. !!! Received the phone in 2 days of placing order. packing is well taken care by amazon.
nice price compare to other sites. Mobile is very smooth , worth for the price. Go for it when u wanna a low budjet smart phone
Bluetooth is not working properly, and additionally camera is also not upto that level of expectation, i expect more from this
battery level is not as usual in Nokia phones, will take time to assess that one, after using for sometime
good service............ would look for further purchase ... good product.... user interface inconvenience with software... less apps worth paying money ...
font & display are marvellous!! internet speed is highly appreciated. i like the o.s. of lumia.purchase & forget . superb!!!!
All says that windows phones are not good to buy....its hard to use... and all that... But I think this windows 8 phone is too good to its perfomance, results, perfect photos and video display, good apps and games with no errors. Speed is damn good and smooth with no stuck and hanging problems... I will give minus one star because its have no inbuilt file manager with all file controls...
First of all this is a nokia product so i have full faith on its durability. This phone is quite attractive and display is awesome.
the service and the tracking and packagging almost every thing is perfect from amazon... will definitely buy from amazon again. waiting for good deals..
At Rs.7000, the Nokia Lumia 520 offers great value for money. I don't think the Windows Mobile operating system is powerful enough on more expensive handsets, but this phone just doesn't feel like a sub 10k hardware. If all you are looking for is a smartphone which can do Email, Whatsapp and average camera, then you can'y go wrong with the 520. I feel that this is a much better handset at 7k compared to what other manufacturers like Samsung, Micromax and Karbonn have to offer. Perfect phone for your mom/dad or as an emergency phone for yourself.
I got it for just Rs.7000 only on Amazon. Its a good looking small but full featured phone in this price range of an excellent reputted company. Nokia ka bahorasa with Windows... :-)
It's been more than 20 days i have been using this mobile and found it good but not great upto my expectations. The major cons are 1) you can't explore the files in your sd card other than songs,videos,and pictures and there is no good app in the market for file exploration,folder edit,move options. 2) the battery drains unexpectedly. 3) songs downloaded from other than nokia music can not be transferred to the music folder. 4) u can't use internet while calling as I could have used in nokia 5230,but I knw most of the mobiles don't support this. But when you look at the price,I don't think any mobile will be better than this.I bought it for ₹6,999. If microsoft could provide good file explorer,I think it will be a great pro for this mobile.
nice product easy to use and i expecting more deal like this . packing is good and the shipment time super keep going
Lumia is going to become No.1 in Next 1 year . Excellent phone, with good quality. I had samsung galaxy young before which came for just 1 year 1 month, after that motherboard stopped working. I had to throw that phone. Lumia looks itself says that it will last longer. There is no lagging like android phones in the same price tag. Interface is really cool. In one word to describe, awesome phone.
Pros: + Excellent touch + Very good display + Well build Cons: - Limited apps in Windows app store (not a fault of the phone, but if you are considering a shift to Windows) - No front cam Overall very less flaws, excellent choice at this price range.
Best Windows phone for that price ...I got it at a discount price for Rs 7000 only..Thank you Amazon hoping more such offers in future like christmas offers new year offers ;)(Temple run 1 will stop after continuous 15mins of game by heating up the device except that no problem till now)
Good phone for 7K.. The touch is awesome, switching app is smoother, using windows OS is totally different than the Android. Like it,
Unfortunately i ordered this for my Mother as her first touch phone, but the phone arrived defective , with loose back cover issue with battery not seating properly phone switching off frequently phone not switching on, taking too long and the regular windows usability problems and by the time i found out , the replacement window 10 days is over
Fine working, good offer, Cheaper price, really happy on this purchase. thank you for best ever offer from amazon .
I am fully satisfied with the product. Window phone is the best.. OS is like butter. Go for it. Perfect.
nice phone....worth to invest....Nokia has really make this to compete with Samsung, Sony or Micromax..... Buy and use this to believe....
The expectations at the price point were modest and it has materialized as a decent handset. One does rue the lower battery life, lack of flash, relatively poor camera etc but on the whole a satisfying phone. The 8 gigs of internal memory certainly gets one going. WP8 also is quite a nice interface though file management is complicated. Thumbs up overall.
Good mobile but with some cons... Haptic feedback(and we cant disable it I think) is irritating, and it doesn't have compass in it its hard to find directions...
Anyone migrating to the Windows ecosystem should try this low priced phone before buying a flagship device. Good buy at this price point. The one thing I didn't like was the lack of a front facing camera.
very good product in reasonable price.. i will rate their performance as 5 stars . their service is amazing... :) i will command this to others also. hope this services will continue in future as well....:)
As I recived the product from Amazon,1st thing i need to mention is packaging. I can award a 5 star for their packaging. Amazon should start their own logistics. Now If i come to the phone it,s a good fone for Windows 8 users as you register for a microsoft account and connect your emails faceboos and twitter account with it It will get sync'd automatically. Now afer the introduction of Windows phone 8 and easy PC and Phone sync its great to use.I am using this for past 1 month and I am happy with the performence And one thing I must say is the touch sensitivity . I have used i pad and Iphones before andI have never seen such a good touch sesitivity even in any android phone renging 15K.You can even sync your itunes librery with your windows phone Now I must say about few con's of the phone . Battery of the Lumia 520 is what I can say is oned of the worst i have ever seen, If you gonna use your phone randomly with data,phones as well as with data over wifi your battery life is maximum 6-8 hours. I am not complaining as this is very common among the smartphones. Headphone as always provided by by nokia with such a good phone is worst I have ever met. The phone get over heated whenyou charge it or use data.And nokia saying it's not a problem. Overll i can say that cons are less and can be adjustable and one can surely go Windows at such a low price Its a multitaskingphone with MS office Xbox music and games and many more,but a bit less apps on windows store but again I cn say that,s not a issue because less apps means less harrasment to your phone. Last but not the list i didnt play games in my phone so I am nott gonna review against the gaming experiance of the phone,but few of my friends using windows phone says that it's much better than a same budjet android. So that'ls all And i am gonna recommand this to my next buyers.
I got it on time. Within two days. its nice thing from nokia. and good service by amazon. thank you.
I am new to Windows phone (I am an Android user)& trust me this phone handles great. The snapdragon S4 dual core chip along with 512 MB RAM makes the user experience smooth & lag free. Camera is decent & can shoot 720p videos, pic quality is again decent, though lack of flash is disappointing. Since its a budget phone the omissions aren't surprising. With the latest update the FM radio has been enabled. The windows store has all necessary apps though the collection is shady compared to the play-store (android) & the app-store (Iphone) The phone is definitely a looker, the 4 inch screen isn't too big nor small & just fits the bill. Watching videos & pics are hassle free & the screen supports vibrant colours along with good contrast & viewing angles. For its price there is no better alternative than the lumia 520.
The deal I received was very good. value for money. The delivery was best and the phone is also working fine. However found few problems in phone like its hangs suddenly then u need to remove the battery and then restart, you can not attach file through phone on the gmail, the searching of names in contacts is bit slow. The software very fast. Overall it is good.
VERY NICE PHONE IN THIS PRICE. REALLY A VALUE PACKED PHONE FROM NOKIA WITH WINDOW 8 AND OTHER GREAT FEATURE.
Well packed and Timely delievery from amazon. Not so big, not so small screen size, good camera quality and rest all things are standard. Build quality of phone is good. My verdict is BUY if you are looking for a phone less than 8-9k.
packaging, price and delivery are top notch. Mobile is ok for the price, I am finding windows is not that user friendly after switching from an android phone. Small missing things: No flash Very less applications, even the apps which are free in adroid are paid one in windows. In Whatsapp you cannot send MP3 songs. No file manager. You cannot make a song as ringtone without connecting laptop or ringtone maker app. Having said all these, mobile hangs quite often so had to remove the battery for restart.
After reading so many reviews of Windows Phone , where people complain regarding missing features of this OS, in lack of knowledge, and no place to answer them, I thought to Right this review to kill the wrong myth spreading regarding windows phones and Nokia Lumia:- #You can share Photos, videos, Music via Bluetooth. (Caution- The option is only visible only if the phone is connected to a device via BT. Connect first in settings and then try to share). #Multiple file sharing is only available for pics for now. You can select as many photos u want and send them in one go via BT. Music/videos are sent one by one. #To save Battery, read the tips in Nokia Care app which comes preinstalled in phone. Also there are many helpful tips there. #Gmail is working perfectly fine on windows phone. Even if Google turn off Active sync in july, Microsoft will update the client with new meathod to sync. But, its been adviced that you make your Microsoft Live account (outlook) as main account and try to shift your work to it. Moreover, Outlook service is far more better than Gmail. Try it. #Apps are coming. We now have Temple Run 1 in WP store, so its sure we will get updates from that developer. Moreover, as WP is gaining popularity, developers are surely taking this platform seriously & coming with more great apps for it. And saying buy an android for now till apps come on wp will not solve problem. Buy more windows phones, sooner you will get more new apps. #No words on instagram for WP yet. But looking at Nokia's #2instawithlove campaign. its not far when we will see instagram for windowsphone. BTW, an app called instagraph is coming which allow to share pics on instagram. #Please don't ask for any more Music Player. We have many (few names include Tune wiki, Lyrics, Mixtapes, Album Flow, TuneIn, AUPEO, Soundtracker, etc) but Nokia Music is ultimate, try it, and you will never ask for any other player again. #You can of course Fast forward/Reverse Songs/videos. Not by seek bar, but by long pressing Next/previous buttons. Remember, if you can't find any option, try Longpressing, it always turns out useful. #To download youtube videos, Try Metrotube. # One more thing I would like to clear before you buy this phone & post bad reviews, that if you thinking to use this phone as your Pendrive to carry unsupported data (yes, many of users complain that they can't transfer unsupported files to WP to carry them on phone itself), then mind it, it can't do that, Microsoft is very serious regarding quality and security in Windows Phones. Moreover, if you can't live without downloading pirated apps/movies/music from illeagal sites (though we have Nokia Music & Free Movie Streaming apps) on your phone itself, then Keep Away! Its a WINDOWS PHONE, piracy is strictly not allowed. And regarding FREE APPS, ofcourse there are many in store. Moreover, you can download almost all paid apps/Games on Trial. To do so, just go to any paid app, see if its available on trial, "TRY" option will be there on bottom left of screen. That trial app/game would be downloaded for free, & would be either Fully functional but ad supported, or would be usable for limited time (but its rare) or will have Some advanced Features/Levels Restricted. In the latter case, you can use free app till its limit, & if u like, then buy it. SORRY, NO METHOD TO DOWNLOAD THE PAID VERSION FOR FREE!! U know, NO PIRACY...
smooth touch, good speed, good battery life...good camera but flash is missing..overall good phone..and best deal..got it for rs. 6300
One problem i am facing is it restarts on its own sometimes.. Other than that it is ok .. worth the price
awesome phone that i met in my life..... android is nothing infront of lumia...people thought that lumia is bad...i after using it all should realize what is lumia and windows phone..windows concern about the security of our personal data...so there will be have some limitations in phone applications ,but the overall ,it is awesome
excellent mobile phone, never hangs. it has a very good display and backlight sensors. but its speaker is not at all good.
black Nokia 520 is very attractive and fast. Windows OS make it Great phone, Its app doesn't keep on running like pathetic android OS.
As u all know, all lumia models are having a serious wifi issue. Its not acceptable from a manufacturer who can produce such a wonderful device in such low price but with such a stupid deffect?
Phone is simply awesome. Nokia music simply rocks. Dont mind if its free for just one yesr. I get office music content & that is what best of lumia series. More than best bang at bucks spend....
I bought this at steal price of 7K and i will say that i never expected so much from this phone but surprising this is performing like charm and i will recommend this to everyone who are looking for a budget smartphone under 10 k.
it was a great experience after buying a brand new NOKIA LUMIA phone from AMAZON.IN at lowest price in the market. Phone is awesome in its category.
If you are a music lover don't buy this phone because no equalizer,no bass and treble.......... very disappointed with listening to music.similiar issue faced by many people and has been updated in microsoft foru
Very good service by amazon phone is just amazing I am fully satisfied great work by amazon thank you amazon
I got this phone cheapest here that is only for ₹ 7000/- so am very happy for the deal. Lumia 520 is one of the successful phone available from Lumia. At this reasonable rate it has exceptional features 1. Runs on windows 8 and Lumia amber 2. Has 8 gigs of internal storage and can be expanded up to 64gb using micro sd 3. Has a 4 inch display with 230ppi bt u can hardly notice any pixels,don't know how nokia has managed this 4. A 512mb ram and 1ghz dual core Qualcomm snapdragon processor keeps its working smoothly u can also njoy hii end games such as asphalt 7 etc. 5. Nice camera performs well at daylight conditions but at night u can't click cool pics bcoz of absence of flash bt no complaints u r getting dis phone only for ₹7000 hope the review would prove to be useful for future buyers thanks
it good i like it .... but you started mobile cover 's wth handset thanx you .. hav nice day
got phone under 7K from amazon. great phone at this price. Thanks nokia & amazon. using from last approx. 2 months & never faced any problem in daily use.
It does with you would expect from a smartphone. Obviously its not an iPhone or S4... But whatever it is, it is good :)
The product is too good and got it on an excellent price. I recommend it for everyone. Good deal friends grab it.
Best phone in this price range, go to buy. Camera is ohk. most of the application available Can buy if bored with android
firstly thanx to amazon for providing branded things so fastly that i'm lov'in it and secondly lumia 520 is superb windows phone...
It was great dealing with Amazon. It is fantastic product with reasonable price offered from Amazon India site. Thanks once again
Love windows phone 8....and quality product from Nokia. i don't experience lagging like in that galaxy s duos. The os is fluidic. I bought this for 7k. The phone has an awesome camera. Captures good photographs even in low light. go for it guys..... Great value for money spent....
It is a recommended product if you want it for lite use with internet , games etc Cost effective and awesome product to own in a budget that fits everyone's pocket aptly. Disadvantage May be battery has to be charged daily if used continuously
Matching the expectations broadly being the first handset of touch screen. The only lagging part is of camera quality, eventhough 5 MP but the result is not so good. One can feel the absence of flash. Other than that instrument is good. Service quality of AMAZON is quite impressive especially the rate at which i got cheapest in the market, punctuality & packing. Thanks
Amazing product. Excellent Features. Sturdy Sleek Simply Superb. Performance Unmatched. Good Battery Backup. No lag No Hang. Highly responsive touch is topnotch.
Look wise stunning..Performance Amazing..And service by Amazon very good..Fully Satisfied with my Decision > Thank You Amazon India. Highly recommended.
The phone is really nice but the os is not as good as phone.The theme of lumia is not good, it is not attractive and user friendly....hope that company will change it soon and provide multiple themes like in android and ios.. games like angry birds etc are paid only... but over all it is a good phone,,i like it....
Good hadware specs. Touch screen is responsive. Applications are running without any lag. Battery lasts atleast for a day. Camera is good. I was using a htc android 2.3 phone earlier. Windows lacks lots of functionality when compared to android. Felt handicapped when using phone dialer. The default Android's phone dialer seems to be lot better than window's. Windows has very less apps compared to android. But I can get all the apps which I have used in android like evernote, skype, templerun. This phone may good for some who migrates from a feature phone to smart phone. People moving from android should think twice before moving windows phone. I am happy with the hardware, not satisfied with windows os.
I got this phone for 6300rs which has all the required features of Smart phone.i bought this one month back till now now issues. i would suggest you all to buy this product. Camera is good ( but no front cam & Flash ). Maps are very good. Windows Phone also has all the required apps. Battery back up is fine. Touch & display is awesome. I love it. Amazon is providing very good service. I am very much satisfied with this product. Good value for your money. Go for it. There are very few missing as below 1. Front cam & Flash 2.Battery Heats little bit (its common in all Smart Phone ). 3.Less apps compared to Android.
A top class smart phone with a lot of features. I just loved it. A mini computer in your hand.
The product is the best at such an economic price. Brings some of the best apps like Here Maps, Here Drive.
Delivery took about 5-6 days. The mobile is worth for the money you pay. Windows operating system is faster than the android os. Battery life is better.
amazing phone.... value for monay product.... and amazon, made it super ecnomical... thanks amazon, I will always buy from here, if they could give us, such an effective deals.
Really a nice gadget, i bought itformy brother and he is really happy with the mobile..... Good to have this
Nice to have this mobile. Thanks 2 AMAZON and to the sellers. Nice futures with the lowest price. Good offer from Amazon
great phone at a very low cost, best in class camera, but the battery discharges fast when playing games. Other than that it's the best windows phone ever.
Received a great deal on amazon. Bought this for my father. This is a amazing phone for the price.Build quality is superb and the OS is bug free. It doesn't give a lag like android phones. Overall loved it.
I bought this phone for 6,999. This is possibly the best available phone at this price. I would recommend this for anybody who wants to try windows phone.
I would recommend this phone to all people who would want good quality phone at an affordable price..!!! This phone had superb interface and works without a glitch even with a 512MB RAM...!!!
Good phone at a reasonable price...only issue is with File manager "No inbuilt file manager" and Downloaded videos are not visible in phone or card memory. Have to sync it with Windows phone app for desktop to upload movies. Direct transfer is not possible. Still it is a nice phone with good app store in this price.
I LOVE THIS PHONE AS ITS THE BEST PHONE IN ITS RANGE. I GOT THIS AT RS .6090/- THANKS TO amazone.in for the OFFER
there are just too many clicks to start any activity. It takes a minimum of 5 clicks to make a phone call
For the given price, the device works just fine. Superb build quality. Microsoft needs to improve their app store and customization ability of OS. Recommended for people who like to remain connected but are sober users i.e. who do not fiddle with the OS/settings.
I am using Lumia 520 since last 1 month and I am fully satisfied with this phone. In this Range of 8000, this is the BEST phone available in the market. Worth for Money. 1. Good Internal memory to install lots of apps. 2. Such a fine touch super quality much better than samsung in this range. 3. Windows 8 interface: You will love it definately. 4. Most imporratant is calling quality and net uses is perfect. 5. Speaker Volume is superb. 6. Camera without flash But you will not the Flash, such a good image you will get. I have used Samsung Galaxy Ace for 2 years and I feel good with this change.
Good Features at a very good price, indeed something good from nokia at a good price tag! Recommend this phone to others in this range
I got this from the seller "Saholic" on Amazon for only 6999/-. Got it delivered the next day itself. The build quality of the phone is great. Windows Phone 8 works great on this even when it has only 512MB RAM. Sound quality is good as well. Recommended for people who want to try a Windows 8 phone without burning a hole in their pocket. Pros. - almost everything Cons. - No front camera
Nokia has delivered a great product at a great price....i have been using this product for almost 2 months and find it as a masterpiece considering the price paid...............thanks to amazon for offering at a best price..............
for Windows lovers my rating is 5 but android lovers my rating 2. but handle with care b'coz there is no glass protection
I got this phone for 7k, and for that money the phone way exceeded my expectations Pro's: 1) Nice reactive touch interface 2) WP 8.1 is decent. 3) Outlook mail sync is awesome and easy (for office mails) 4) The fact that there are lesser and useful apps is better than having millions of apps where 90% are useless :) 5) Cam is decent. 6) Maps are decent. Con's 1) Phone sometimes hangs for no reason, gotta switch it off and back on (Classic windows solution for all problems) 2) No flash (But one should not expect it at this price) 3) Cam hardware button does not work sometimes (Should have provided a soft button, touch) Overall, really value for money money. Got great deal for 7k, and the phone is definitely worth its money.
First things first.. About the phone, Nokia lumia 520 is more than amazing for its price. Cam: Good in daylight Windows Os: Very Good Look n Feel: Amazing Display : Good Hardware : 512 mb ram, 1 ghz snapdragon s4 dual core processesor, adreno 305 graphics Battery Backup: Ok, Good if you know how to smartly use a smartphone. Limitations: No flash, No audio equalizer. It would take about 1-2 days to completely get hang of windows os.. But when u'll get to know. U'll love it inspite of the limitations.
i have already purchased another 2 samrt phone from amazon. its the lumia i purchased it rs 1500 cheaper than market
I moved from android to WP8 and I am happy I did. All apps I use - Whatsapp, m indicator, tripadvisor, zomato, bookmyshow are available on WP8. And I love the smooth flow of animations and the BEST PART - no slowness :)
During Diwali I have purchased 3 Nokia Lumia 520 for friends & relatives. This is excellent product by Nokia. All essential things are covered. 3G, Wifi, Windows Apps, Games, Camera, Songs & Videos. The best part is I purchased it from Amazon around 7.5K. Good for pockets, stylish in hand with brand like Nokia. Excellent product.
FIRST OF ALL IT DID NOT MAKE BY POCKETS HEAVY WONDER FULL APPS FROM WINDOWS BEAUTIFUL DESIGN ONLY DRAWBACK IS FRONT CAMERAA BUT I LIKE THIS PHONE
I purchased it for Rs. 6673/- only from amazon (which was a very good deal) and the phone is best in the below 10,000/- range. It has 5 mp camera which takes excellent pictures in good light and the HD video recorder is too good. Overall, very good phone for the given price.
THIS IS THE BEST PHONE WHICH YOU CAN GET IN THIS PRICE... ONLY THING IS THAT BATTERY WILL DRAIN QUICKLY IF WIFI OR MOBILE DATA IS USED...
This is the best mobile in this price range. There is some problem in multi-tasking, if you keep an aap ideal even for 1 min. and use other window, it automatically get closed.
Under 8K ... Worth buying from Nokia ... But not the best smart phone lacks user friendlyness coz its Windows ... no blames on Nokia so give it a 4 Star ..
Haha well I bought it when the price was less tehn 7000 from amazon and boy I don't regret it a bit! It is just excellent and mind blowing I have used android and those phone hang even higher end like the S 3 S 4 and note 2 so I wanted to try it out and I am simply pleased with thew UI and UX it is providing highly recommended for people looking for a budget smartphone and who does not use much apps as WP falls a bit short on apps thats the only con but overall it excelled my expectations! :D
"Excellent Service by Amazon. Delivered within 2 days. About the phone--> Pros: 1)IPS Display 2)Excellent camera 3)Windows 8 is easy to use for novice 4)Free downloads from Nokia Music store 5)Excellent build quality/Nokia trust Cons(Although few only :( ) 1)No flash But considering the price tag @6999 plus 10% cashback from Citibank card, what more you want ....Cheers Amazon!!!"
Met my expectations. Only couldn't transfer calender and what to do to windows phone. A great phone at reasonable price.
Product: Nokia Lumia at Rs. 7500 is a value buy. While I am not very strong at technical comparisons, I found this phone is perfect for those who use it more for calling, texting, and browsing. Apps are certainly a let down. They have a long way to go in terms of applications. Apps on Windows platform lack both quantity and quality compared with iOS and Android. For example ICICI Bank's iMobile application is not available. (you can use the mobile banking on browser, which is perfectly working with most of iMobile features). Battery normally lasts for two days with average usage and 1 day with heavy usage. Headphone in the box is of poor quality and you can't even pick the call without touching the screen. Charging pin is a scary one. Those who need best of warranty support can always depend on Nokia. Micromax, Karbonn and other Chinese products always keeps you in constant fear of product failure and service issues. Price: I was surprised at the price (Rs. 7500) from Amazon. Just before ordering I went to the showrooms of Poorvika (Rs. 8500), Sangeetha (Rs. 8800) and Univercell (Rs. 8900) and found a minimum saving of Rs. 1000 in Amazon. I actually had a doubt of whether the product sold by Amazon is a original and a sealed box product. While ordering I found the seller was Univercell. So the same seller makes about Rs. 1400 margin (roughly 20%) at the showroom. With the rapid growth of eCommerce sites, showroom business will falter in next few years. Delivery: I had ordered Nokia Lumia 520 on 1st Nov and got my phone on 4th evening. I guess the delay was primarily due to Diwali & Sunday in between. The product got shipped on 1st Nov itself. So I am happy with this delivery.
I don't think nokia has such a poor product. I total disappointed. Worst hardware. Poor batery backup. not fast . Browsing speed is too poor
Happy with service. No problem. No issue. No issue. No issue satisfied.no issii. S a s s s s s
PROS 1.price 2. phone run very smoothly hanging problem about nil in comparative android 3.all essential apps are available free of cost. 4.camera is very good in comparison to previous 5 MP camera of Nokia phones even you can good readable photos of your text books. 5. Only one phone at this price can play 1080p video with inbuilt video player no need of any player 6.multitasking 7..Best browsing with combination of internet Explorer as browser and google it's search engine 8. i have no heating problem; it heats a little bit after heavy gaming . CONS 1.no any you tube downloader give the facility to download 1080p video only you can download up to 720p 2.i can not find CHM/HTML reader till now on apps store
IF the call goes more than 10mins the phone speaker gets heated, cannot bear that heat hope people understand difference between heat and hot not recommend to buy with amazon since they have 10 days return policy... sucks
is really good.. nice experience . looking forward for the other deals .. really nice deals thank you take care
Pros: Excellent user interface Excellent screen resolution Good performance Cons: Phone might tend to hang sometimes Short cuts not userfriendly
"wow" is the word that comes to mind. At 4", 512 MB RAM and an OS that is not quite popular in techie circles, I was not quite sure what to expect from the phone. But this has quite beaten all expectations. I wanted to try Windows phone for quite sometime now. The natural choice was Nokia due to the reputation that the company has with respect to building solid phones in the Indian market. Amazon was having some quite good deals at the time, and lo and behold the phone landed at my door-step. The only trouble we had was to replace the 'normal' SIM that we had with micro-SIM. After our experiment with 'converting' the SIM to micro-SIM did not work, we paid a hefty fine of Rs.25 to get the micro-SIM from Airtel. Fired up the phone, and did I mention I said "wow"? Positives: The phone just zips around really fast. If you have experienced the cheap Android phones, and are skeptical about these phones, you should just try this. For the budget of ~7-7.5k, this is easily the best phone available. The app market is sure not crowded, but for a 'normal' user this is more than sufficient. The charge easily lasts 2-3 days under normal use. Again, this is one of the best performances I got for this kind of money (in smart phones of course) The transfer data feature is just great. You connect the new phone with your older phone through bluetooth, and all contacts will find their way here. Negatives: App market is not comprehensive. You will not find that little game that your kid likes, or multiple choices to connect to Facebook (the app that comes with the phone works great btw) Easy to setup, easy to use and a good phone for the budget. [...]
I purchased this mobile a few days back .. Pro's: 1.Excellent Build Quality and Design : Feels Premium and not like a cheap Phone. 2.Excellent Display : A excellent 4 inch Display (Though Shines a bit in sunshine). 3.Camera : Best 5 Mp Camera ever... (Lacks Flash though). 4.Good Windows Interface: The interface of this mobile is excellent and feels really good. 5.Nokia Music: An excellent application for all the music lovers out there.. you can listen and download unlimited songs over the internet for free.. Cons: 1. Sometime the the mobile gets on my nerves, small things like selecting a ringtone and creating a playlist can be really time consuming and erratic.. 2.No flash for the rear camera.. 3.Limited apps in the windows store. All in all the mobile is a value for the money.. i got it for Rs.6774 from Amazon..So its really cheap.. Go for it if u want a phone under 10k. Beats all the android competitors out thr.
I was looking to replace my ageing Samsung Galaxy GT-I5503 with something contemporary and with similarity to my laptop running Windows 8. The Lumia series fit the bill, was within my budget of about Rs 9000. Incidentally, the Galaxy was purchased by me for Rs 8800/- and this one for Rs 7869/-. The additional Citibank 10% cashback offer turned the deal in favour of purchase. The touch screen is very good and works well even with the screen protectors. The 5 MP camera is great for everyday photography and most apps are available in the Nokia store, incl Whats app. Battery life is fantastic, better than the Galaxy (which required a daily charge) by about 1/2 a day more, with same usage. Mail, chats, etc are better with an improved interface. Call quality is brilliant, the speaker is loud enough. Here maps and Here drive works like a breeze, without data backup from the SIM. I compared it with my Garmin Nuvi 40 in Delhi to navigate from RK Puram to Malviya Nagar, I must say that I was impressed. The instructions are loud and clear, the maps are accurate and fairly detailed. Not very heavy, although the size is uncomfortable for keeping in the pocket. A cover is recommended to protect the phone from accidental drops. (The covers avl in the market are over and above the Nokia back cover, unlike the Galaxy's where the OEM cover is replaced with the add-on cover, which means dual protection). All in all, great value for money. Plus, its a Nokia.
best budget phone ever met my expectations easy windows navigation great product from nokia really cool ! thanks to amazon for discount :-p
my 5 out 3 friends are using samsung said that samsung hangs for games and internet ,they suggestd me to go for nokia or htc, its good mobile compared to andriod under 10k rupees. but amzon provided me it for 8k rupees while market rate was 10k. thank u amazon. product delivery excellent.packaging was better than expected. this mobile got only 2 draw back.front camer.and we cant access symbian originated apps thats bad . some of very good apps of symbian wont be availale on windows. but all andriods apps available better way with good finishing in windows , this mobile got same finishing as sony tippo ,xperia series,high windows htc mobiles ,expect odd one samsung s duos.
I like Nokia 520 and also like your service. I am waiting for good Scheme in your site...Thank You Amazon
Awesome mobile to use...Good speed & good experience,..But no light in hot keys , need more free apps..get heated when it is used for long time..
It has got all facilities. handy.battery backup is good. all features are available. fantastic camera menu/option.good photo.But It need to be more user friendly with respect to ring tone setting, voice recorder, blue tooth and video recorder.
GOOD EXECELENT, EXECELENT QUALITY, GOOD RATING 5*, WINDOWS 8 GOOD FUTURES , MORE APPS, SYTEMS ARE MORE SERVICE IN USEFUL, THANKING YOU
its amazing but after amber update it lost its 3G lock which is an annoying feature.otherwise good phone.may be in future we may get the lock app.
Sorry for late review because i was enjoying my diwali vacation, First of all i wanna say thanks to seller for ultra fast shipping with good packaging, the product is awesome and work like charm. i recommended this phone as a entry level smartphone over other android phone.
Using this for more than 2 weeks, I am absolutely in love with my Lumia 520. Pros: No call drops Excellent voice clarity decent battery life Cons: No flash in camera, very poor performance in night FM does not work even after amber update music player very basic , no equalizer To select a app, we have to scroll down a long list of apps (Windows issue)
I switched from a blackberry to lumia. As a phone, the blackberry is anyday better, it is easy to use in terms of phone functions as well as ease of texting. But i love the lumia overall. So much other functionality and also lot of fun. I like the interface also, clean not too much of junk. Yet to assess the sync with the laptop.
It`s not so good, its jst ok, its battery back up is not so good as NOKIA`s battery is. I m not fully satisfied, just ok!
It got the best hardware at this price but lacking in software though with windows im expecting more upgrades in future
Value for money. Runs 3G realy fast.Value for money. Runs 3G realy fast.Value for money. Runs 3G realy fast.Value for money. Runs 3G realy fast.
I will vote for buying this mobile on this price range ..i have used it for 1 month and i love it .
This phone is really smooth compared to any android in 20k range. The screen is really fluidic and I'm happy being back to Nokia after a very very long time!
some technical issues are also there. it is not so friendly to use. but over all i like to have it.
nokia in its stupidest imagination want the customers to follow whatever they wanted to sell but at last it realized the mistake and came up strong with lumia series, good phone, best value for money
I like the product & mostly at the price which i got . I got the product at the best price from any other sites.
Though flash is missing but still its a good phone, not explored much but the performance is better as compared to android counterparts in this price range.
My handset is getting restarted automatically several times a day. After subimitting to nokia care still problem persists. Although phone fetures are good, OS needs to be improved.
Very good windows phone at decent price. Battery backup is always good for any Nokia mobile. Touch screen sensitivity is too good. I like it.
I purchased from Amazon, prompt delivery, good model, Nokia Lumia 520 is very good, comfortable to use. If Nokia could supply the same with a scratch guard and a case, it would be complete in all respects, so that the buyer of the phone need not go to vendors for these small things, after buying a good phone like Nokia Lumia 520
This is a good phone, but if you are interested in Nokia City lens and cool photography, go for Lumia 720.
Really nice piece at 7k odd price tag, i gifted it to my friend on his birthday, and he was not at all disappointed. my bonding with nokia since N95 continues
I shopped it first time online , it was more than satisfactory ..! Thank you so much ! Jay Arora
thanks to amazon.com i got this pretty handset for just 7870. in sub 10k category this is the best phone one can buy today.nokia lumia 520 is the perfect synergy of design,features and price ,combined with responsiveness of windows 8 mobile version is kind of dream come true for a budget conscious customer.
Really Very good product at this Price range.........................btry backup is too good and camera result is nice and amazing editing software...
We are not talking about an iPhone 5C vs Nokia Lumia 520 here - lets get the facts right and accept that the former costs more than five times its price and is expected to outperform. Let me put this review from budget user's perspective. Pros: + In its price bracket, this is the best refined mobile phone in terms of quality, usability and cool-factor. + Excellent choice of colors. + Windows Phone 8 OS itself is a far superior experience. Project Android Butter in high-end Galaxies can't match the butter-smooth UI of this cheapest Windows Phone. + 1 GHz, 512 MB RAM - Puny specs compared to Android warhorses, but for an optimized windows OS this seems more than enough! + Excellent 5MP camera that beats out even some so-called 8MP cameras. Unbeatable in low-light photography. Apps like Nokia Camera (have to do a small hack to install it) and Camera 360 unlock its true potential. + Ability to change overall color scheme (not just homescreen) to match your attire, or cover color or generally to suit your mood. Cons: - Some limitations in choice of apps does exist in the Windows platform, but most popular ones are already here and many others are still coming. Its a promising growing platform nevertheless. - Notification center is missing: This feature is sorely missed in WP8, and is expected to be available in the next major upgrade WP 8.1. - Popular free/ad-supported games in Android like Angry Birds series are only available as Paid apps in Windows store. - Media player not exactly user-friendly as it sorts songs by album in an erratic way. Not very easy to create playlists on the fly. - No separate volume levels for ringer and media output. In all, first-time users won't even realize most of the drawbacks as they can be pointed out only by people who had earlier experienced Android or iOS. It provides a far better user experience than similar Android phones in this price bracket, iOS is far outside that price bracket. Go for it!
Nokia Lumia 520 - Its really amazing phone having all business/standard features with great windows 8 OS in affordable price upto 8k.
I have purchase nokia lumia 520 by Amazon india side. it is realily good ,original. I like very much Amazon india to purchase any item.
First of all windows phone is not for all. If you love customization full control over your device then this is NOT for you. Android users should consider this that unlike android it is limited in feature but the laggy UI feeling is not present in windows phone. It is butter smooth. If you are OK with limited number of apps then this is for you. Regarding this phone: build quality feels good, nice battery backup and lovely IPS display with nice not over saturated colour that compliments the super sensitive touch which you can use even with gloves on. Go for it if you want to try something different than android.
why price keep on fluctuating from 6999 RS to 8890 Rs . Cant we get some constant or stable price for Nokia Lumia 520 .
Value for money. Best smartphone for 7800 better than android. Good camera and easy to use. overall good product. No flash.
Windows Phone 8.0 Best Phone Slim Body Nice Speakers Nice Features Nice Look Nice Battery Backup Nice Apps The Phone is Amazing
HD video player is excellent. snap shot quality is good. ear phone quality is not that good. overall performance is ok.
This is the best phone in less than 10K in india. The hardware is of a very good quality. The OS (windows 8) is much more smooth and stable than the buggy android. People who like too many apps and are addicted to android should not buy this phone. All others should. :-)
The Lumia 520 is very good, only missing is the flash. Had they incorporated the flash this phone could have been further irresistable.
I got the mobile within a week of booking. The mobile is good with excellent windows features and good clarity on screen compared to my micromax A116 HD. It included a charger, head phone, airtel free data usage of 500mb, USB wire. All together a good Diwali purchase for my dad.
Excellent packing customer support best courier all was great thanks AMAZON gr8 to do shopping with u I had good experience
I very much liked this product and the delivery of this item within short time. I look forward to purchase more from amazon. I would like to recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a entry level smart phone. This is way better than any of the android phones available below 16K. I have a doubt on how I can claim warranty for this product in case if I meet with some future failure of product. Looking forward for your reply. Regards, Tony Krishna
its awesome affordable and usssssserr friendly tooooo having fun with my nokia 520 simple and classy phone especially for students
Got this for as little as Rs 7499. Really impressed with the phone. Thumbs up for the lumia 520 and amazon for quality service.
Good phone with good price run nice lumia I love this phone I like it most camera is to goood then other
Nokia Lumia 520 is not satisfactory Batry back up is very poor Phone setting is automatically change. I do not phone cut when we talk to another person
good item reached in time expected , Quick Dispatch & Very good Packing.Keep it up. I love it. keep on the good work
I got this phone for just 7.5k during festive season. At this price point one can only get an annoying android device with cheap build quality. I was surprised to see the build quality of the phone which is quite good and sometimes looks like premium. I have been now using this phone as my daily driver for over a week and I must say that I'm impressed with this phone. This phone comes with windows phone 8 OS which is much stable and reliable compared to android and IOS. Unlike Android this phone is not prone to Viruses and malwares. The phenomena of live tiles is original and refreshing, unlike android and IOS' boring icons which sits idle on your screen and do nothing. I find it quite fascinating that live tiles flips over to display the real time information. The phone is very responsive and quick compared to other phones available in the market at this price point. Before buying this phone, I was told by my friends that WP lacks in the app and games department, however I found no difficulties while finding apps on the store. Most of the apps were available and were free. O, addition the XBOX gaming was quite good which tracks you and your friends achievements. I was astonished to hear the loud sound of the phone considering the budget offering.Overall build quality of the device is pretty good which has garnered praise for it. Display is of perfect size (4") although lacking Nokia's amazing clear black technology but still manages to provide the accurate color composition with good resolution. The phone's processing power seems to tackle the android devices with twice the faster processors(beauty of WP). Battery life of the phone was also pretty good and lasted over a day easily with heavy usage with 3 email accounts synchronized. The only negative point was missing flash light,but we cant blame Nokia at this price point. Overall it's been a great experience using this device. I give it 5 stars.
i have purchased this phone for my father, he loves it and he watch a lot of old songs on Youtube. He's happy with it. good thing about this phone is good camera, good signal/reception, adeqate size/ easy to carry in pocket. clear and big icons. he told me that this phone have a poor call log feature. :( rest of things are good. ***** 5/5
What You Expected in That price I Got This Only for Rs.7541 And I Am Happy to Say That In This Price No Phone Will Give You like this functions Thanks
Two thumbs up..best phone in its class..everyone who thinks android phones are better should think again..commendable job by nokia and Microsoft.
This isn't the best mobile out there, but this sure is the best mobile for the price. I bought this for my dad and was amazed at how good the screen is and how sensitive the touch is. These two are comparable to phones priced twice as much. Camera is average, but wasn't expecting any better at this price. Build quality is very good as well.
simply great mobile in unbeatable price.... just the con is unavailability of flash light.... but the camera quality is outstanding... Thanks for the phone in this price
Nice features in this compact phone. I am an android user, so finding it little difficult to use the windows phone. Hardware wise very good at this price. Encouraged my team members to purchase this phone and 3 ordered already. :)
All Hardware I.e. Touch,speaker,processor are its BEST. Without Flash, Camera has NO meaning. cons of WP8: Does not support some video formets like .mkv VERY LESS Official apps available compare to android & iOS Veryy Few Customization options. No ROOTing Possible...
Ya the mob is awsome in my point of view.But the one thing which disappoint me ,that is its battary charge,its too low.its going hardly 2 hrs.
This one is the one of the amazing deal on Amazon Lumia 520 has lived up to his reputation. Nice to hold and grip. battery back-up is as usual good from Nokia. User friendly navigation. Testing on apps front to comment on processor and RAM.
Hi fellow shoppers!!!! I bought this phone a couple of days back from amazon. Needless to say about quick delivery. thanks team amazon for keeping upto global standard in it. As for the product, this is the best phone i have come across and price is pretty reasonable too. i have been using android and other older versions off late, but i find this platform quite simple and easy to use. Good battery backup is as per my expectation from nokia. On a single charge my phone runs for two days at a strech with moderate use of wifi, net surfing and taking. I would highly recommend this phone to users who are looking for a smartphone under 10k.
Nice Phone with very good touch not for ones who are app freak avg camera works good in bright light
Interface is good. Outer body is sleek. But sadly basic features like one cant change Bluetooth name in settings panel itself. One has to plug in USB to PC and then go to Drive and change the name in Properties...Why? One cant send more than one song via bluetooth. Also, before sending anything via bluetooth, one has to first go to settings, ON the bluetooth. Only then can send. If not Bluetooth wont come in 'send'(in Lumia 520it is 'share') option. I wont recommend Lumia 520.
I would give a 5 rating for this wonderful master piece from Nokia mainly because of its performance. Its been outstanding in all the applications. Its well built, handy and really stylish. I had read quite a few reviews before buying this one. Believe me if you are looking for a smart phone under 12k range, I would say this one is a prime contender. It has got everything we need, games, apps, ms office, camera, radio, music,etc etc list goes on. Only concern would be that it does not have a secondary cam. I strongly recommend this product.
Touch sensitivity is good The feel of the phone is excellent Just two days back i got , so windows 8 , it takes some time to be familiar with apps speed of the apps is also decent enough
I must say it's excellent for it's price . A very good windows phone at a very affordable price . What lacks is a front camera though , even nearly priced as the Samsung S Duos , I think even Nokia 520 should have had a front camera . I am truly impressed by the Lumia windows 8 series .
Now i know why nokia has lost grounds in smart phone market ? Once they used to be user friendly but now confusing...its wake up call nokia..
This is a best phone in sub-10k category. Once leading, now dyeing Nokia, has come up with great Lumia series which can give them oxygen to survive. All the best.
For the 8k - 9k price range this is definitely the best phone one can get. I have used it for one month now and I don't have any complaints whatsoever. The only "not so cool" thing is the absence of flash otherwise it is a money worth product. Apps run pretty well, don't expect temple run being smooth. The phone looks good. Nokia music is a great feature. Recommend it for people who want to use it for music, a few imp apps, 5MP camera, good touch experience. Battery back up is decently good. If you want to buy a smart phone for this price range, just buy it.
the product was not so good but it was switching of regularly not satisfied at all with it....its ok all in all i sold off this phone in 4 months
mobiles features are good.display is very nice.sound also good.we can choose this who whants to buy a mobile with in a range of below 10K
It was my first buy at Amazon & the experience has been great! Got it at a lower rate than market price, delievery was in time, everything was received as had been told.
I ordered this phone at 6999/- and i was surprised to see that the market price was 7700/-. Anyway, amazon is rocking in India and providing best deals for us. As per Nokia & Microsoft are concerned...they are excellent individually and after they got married (nokia weds windows 8) they even got better. If you are a business professional or use email on the go then I would recommend going with Windows phone. Syns is quite easy with my windows 8 pc at home..
Not a big fan of Android so was looking for a Windows 8 phone in my budget. Lumia 520 is just right for me. Great touch, fast response, clear audio and good battery life. Others may not be too happy with the camera, but I don't intend to use the camera too much on this one.
Best budget phone out there in the market. It is already coming up with the latest upgraded OS. Loved the touch of it. Awesome phone
go for it if your budget is tight. good screen , smooth touch , nice sound, good camera .. it takes some time to get acquaintance with wp 8 os.
Excellent Windows 8 Hand Phone with many features at an affordable price. Has maps , connectivity to exchange , pop3 etc.
I was hesitant to buy Lumia 520...But seeing the price and feature it was the best deal i got... I am happy with my decision.. I am not gonna write pros cons and comparison(which you can get everywhere). I will just say "Go for it" if you want to keep your phone budget under control without compromising quality and features... You'll love it...
First of all thanks to Amazon, delivered within 48hrs. For first time smartphone users, this phone is kind of using high end phone. Almost all useful apps are in store. Go for it !!!
purchase the 1st mobile online and very much satisfied with the purchase gr8 service from amazon.very much satisfied with it.
I've been using my new Nokia Lumia 520 for about one week. I must say that it is worth every penny you pay. How do one expect high end performance from this phone when you pay only 8k or so? New windows OS is superb. Atleast it has got the new look. And all essential apps are already available and dont worry, soon windows will come up with new apps.( *Android also grew like that only* ) Camera is awesome for the price. But not comparable with iphone or other high end phone's camera. You miss a frontcamera and a flash. After all how many of us really use a front cam? Built quality is also good and the phone look nice on ur hand! If you are thinking of buying a phone under 10k, I would suggest Lumia 520 only. If you have more budget, go for Lumia 720
520 is good phone at 7K amazing 5mp camera it's like 8 MP camera ips display bast sound 1.2 ghz dual core snapdragon processor he play full hd 1080p videos without any problem with awesome sound direct download 1080p video from youtube n send play perfectly amazing quality i have one more 1.2 ghz dual core phone micromax a89 but he can't play battery backup is also very good design is too good some cons- u can't play mkv files windows store have one player for mkv file but it's costly n review is not good manual 3g selectionis not available only dual mode is available if u have good 3g coverage it's very good maximum app are paid app not free
Good product pros: display sound ease in use nice interface cons: no equalizer in music player not as many apps as there are in android market
I got this product for very less price online and satisfied by the features it has. It is an excellent mobile. Value for your money.. Great
Good product with great price, features. Screen Size also very good in this price range. Something new for Windows lovers.
my first windows phone and that too bought from online for first time the phone is really good.. excellent service provided by amazon with good price compared to market.. thank you love you amazon'....... limitation we cant install apps from sd card directly by downloading from other resources as like android
Have come up to my expectations. So far has worked great. In Particular, wifi is great, catches signal where even my iphone doesnt.
I got this phone from Univercell for Rs6999. Got delivered this phone in 2.5 days. Phone screen interface is super. Internal memory is great when compare to same price ranged phone. With LED flash this phone could have been wonder at this price.... At last value for money go for it......
I love everything about the phone. However: NO secondary camera. NO led flash If you guys are not searching for any of this, then this is an awesome phone at this price.
Best phone in the range of 7k. Good smooth touch and good response. Hard to setup the mobile and start using. Battery dries out in a day. Camera good in daylight and bad in dark places. Overall a good mobile.
The product exceeds all expectations for a phone priced at 7K(on deal). It has all the features of a superior smart phone. The tiles take some time to get used to and it was a new experience but within a couple of days you begin to get used to it. The battery life is amazing and fits the popular nokia battery life specifications. I didn't need to charge it for almost 2 days(with limited wi-fi) use.
To get it for 7k and on top of it Citi Offer, just like icing on cake. Can't be better.
Excellent features bundled at this price. Touch is very smooth. One of the best Windows phone. Camera quality is good.
Lumia 520 is currently the best smartphone 10K can buy you. It punches above it's weight in all the aspects. Although not an open-sourced Android but WP8 is catching up very fast to it. It does all the stuff a smartphone should do efficiently. Everything runs so smoothly in WP8, you hardly experience a lag in it. I've been using it for 2 weeks and installed tens of apps and it didn't lag once. Music sharing is possible via Bluetooth(turn BT on, first). For YouTube there's an app YouTube HD which lets you even download videos in SD, HQ or HD quality. Microsoft Office services are some of the best. Flipboard is gonna release soon(alternative Zinio). One of the best thing is integration of contacts with social networks. It's all in the People hub. Camera is much better for a 5MP in day light photography. Clicks great quality pics, Nokia has so many good camera lenses apps. Google maps are available plus HERE maps, both have their own benefits. Battery lasts comfortably for a day with normal usage like calls, whatsapp, browsing etc. And WP8 has quality apps whereas android is full of data sucking ad delivering crap apps. Multitasking is done by long pressing the back button. You get weather updates and music controls on lock screen. Screen quality is brilliant. Viewing angles are fine. You can pin almost anything to the home screen. UI is silky smooth and fluidic. Give it a shot you'll love it. And remember you pay about 8000 for this. And it does punch above it's weight, android falls under it's own weight in this price range. Experience it.
this handset is giving me headache. this os has bugs and needs to be fixed. this phone need a reboot in every 6-7 hrs. and about itz encryption. heavily encypted os which makes phone work smooth even whn out of memory. android users can't adopt this phone they may 'll hv to sell it off like i m going to doo. but i like itz camera. itz grt. And They sent me a used one set
Nokia Lumia 520 is really worth for money. Screen is good and also sound quality is very fine. worth to buy at this price.
Im using a galaxy fame(Android jelly bean) and recently i bought Lumia 520(Windows 8). Its good in its look , IPS display 4inch,etc. Camera without a flash is a bit worry , screen goes smuggy if we use long. Good phone to buy at this low cost of 7k in Amazon.
I just love it, one one dislike is there is no FLASH in the camera ..................... Amazon is amazing ...
Lumia is becoming very popular now a days because of the wide range of models that are arviving in market and at different price range.
The phone is a great Value for Money product. Pros: -- Decent build quality -- Nice Screen -- Touch is excellent -- User interface of windows is appealing -- Call sound quality is good -- Light weight Cons: -- Limitations of apps (If you require very few of these, then go for it) -- Battery lasts just about for a day's work -- Back cover material quality needs improvement -- No LED flash
really amazing... nvr expect tat the o.s is very frndly bt tat is far beyond frm ma thougt , superb cam,gud batery back up. <3 ma lumia 520
Little difficult to use as compared to android. Flash is missing else camera quality is good. Got it with amber update OVerall good experience.
First i would like to thanks the Seller:- GABBAR via AMAZON for their superfast delivery. got my phone literally within 30 hours. You guys might defeat RAJNIKAANT one day...:P Changed my phone from Android to Windows and I am now looking at the differences. Most important thing is you forget what a "LAG" is in Windows phone. The phone is awesome.
i orederd nokia lumia 520 from amazon n gt it within 1 week..awesome phn wth multiple features at this cost. camera as we knw about nokia is great wth 4" inch screen size.
5 stars because great Speed, look, screen, body, power backup fast service, i'm happy.. .. .. .. ... .. . .. .
An excellent product I would say. I would recommend (Saholic) to anyone for their excellent pricing and fast shipping. Got the product in 2 days time with excellent packing. About the phone, this is the best value for money phone available in the market. If you can put up with the lack of secondary camera and a flash, then think no further, this is the ideal buy. With a dual core 1Ghz processor, Adreno 305 GPU (the same you get in Lumia 720), this phone is studded with capabilities and again it is Nokia who knows Indian market better than anyone. And about the lack of apps, well who needs lakhs of apps in his phone. All you need is just 20-40 apps that serve your purposes and you can definitely find them in the windows marketplace. 5 for shipping 5 for amazon 5 for lumia 520
for the budget, I cannot really find anything wrong with my purchase. And I got the lowest rate at Amazon .. so three cheers for that
I got Nokia Lumia 520 (black) as my birthday gift. It is an amazing phone. with all mandatory features, also it has a nice screen resolution with a worthy camera of 5mp. The only feature it lacks in is that it doesn't have flash which makes it a bit difficult in low light. Overall the phone is recommended for everyone, a good looking, awesome windows8 software, its definitely worth buying. Its worth higher than its price. :) I had purchased this phone for Rs.7900/- Hope this helps you :)
i ordered this phone on 14-10-2013 and get on 15.after receiving phone i was surpriced to see how premium phone this it is very super sensitive screen and android user cannot handle this its having a very good camera and the battery backup i constantly used about 7 hours on net and still surprisingly beautiful love it.
loved this phone.Having cool os & hardware quality is also gud. Finally a best smooth phone in this budget,nokia rocks!! ya but headphone quality is not upto mark :(
This product is really good. But it would be still perfect if Nokia looked into these flaws: * Battery is just satisfactory * One cannot add custom text message tones * There isn't any File Explorer
Price of this mobile is even less then the market price which is about 9999. Its worth buying for anyone.
I must say its not huge as the trendy 5 inch phablets but when you take out the phone in your hands its minimalistic design doesn't disappoint. The phone is easy to use and its live tiles make it stand out it an android dominated world. I wont deny that I was looking for a budget or more of a lower end android smartphone when i came across the price drop in lumia 520 that compelled me to buy it. But i won't regret my decision- not much i can say. The only two segments that disappointed was lack of a secondary camera and a serious scarcity of quality apps for the phone. I wouldn't have complained had there been a front camera but alas! it was not to be there....
If u are looking for a budget less than 10k then this is the phone. Even though the app support was not that great as android, but even windows app market is growing. Display was awesome, camera lagged flash but in sub 10k budget this is all you can get. The processor was great and i experienced no lag.
Hi, By seeing the earlier trend of nokia in smartphone category it was quiet predictable that nokia was on a losing side...but lumia has emerged as a saviour.......And particularly 520 is such piece which fulfills all your requirement of smartphone which you desire for at a very reasonable rate...........highly recommend to every one....
My father using basic mobile. He use to ask me to get a touch screen mobile and it should very easy to access, then i bought him NOKIA LUMIA 520. Now he is very happy for it, Every thing come in single page because of it he access easily. At last he enjoy with LUMIA 520
A good product from Nokia. For all those who are too bored of samsung and likes will feel something new in this windows phone. Moreover at the price point this is perhaps the best smart phone available. Love its music player, and the huge Nokia music library for free is amazing. one can download full albums in a jiffy, really. The only disadvantage i feel is the lack of flash for taking snaps. Overall a amazing product.
Very nice phone from Nokia with all the advantages of a smart phone , it's features is just amazing. This is the fastest selling phone through E-commerce web sites,good camera ,windows is not user friendly like Android other wise nice,Browsing speed is good,big screen provide a satisfaction of high end smart phone. but there is no option of sending video and apps are less. other wise superb
still waiting for the cash back amount once it received i will come back and put my experience! otherwise good experience with Amazone
I migrated from an Android device. At first, I was very sceptical of Windows phones - but I risked it and purchased this phone. And its been a breeze since then. Windows Phone 8 is a slick, cool operating system - does not hang, no reboots needed, a beefy CPU with a decent 8GB of internal storage which supports micro-SD cards upto 32GB. All in all, I have had a wonderful experience using this device.
Everything works fine. Battery is good without internet. But with data on, its drains very quickly. And the other problem I have is it switches off suddenly once every 2-3 days. Except these problems, I am very much satisfied with the product
Ultra-responsive, 4inch large screen, quick, UI is much better than that of Android phones, Nokia Music store rock... download any song...latest or oldest, bwood or hwood .... This phone is a steal at 9.5k bucks!!
Packing seems to be in good manner. I have problem of overheating on playing games and also Overheat on charging adapter while charging the phone, Otherwise i am quite satisfied with the product
Buy this phone if you are comfortable with windows operating system. It is a good quality low budget windows phone. The performance is also good. Camera quality is excellent in outdoor photos.
Like Email reply with attachment can not see Call Duration. Call recording not possible No File Manager requires login even for offline file access like videos and Music
Very bad devive.on/off switch broke many times and Nokia customer service says it's a physical damage so not covered in warranty.never buy any lumia device same problem is with all devive
I used dis for 1 year.... Best phone I ever had.... But always keep in mind itz a windows phone..... So many apps nd services are missing..... If ur k wit DAT.... Lumia is the best!!!!
Love the phone. Its stylish, has a great display and is easily customisable. Interface is not obvious but once u get used to it, the difficult to understand interface provides privacy.
One of the best phones from Nokia Lumia. Using it since last 9 months. Not even a single issue till date. smooth touch easy to use interface and long lasting battery life.
Never hesitate while buying any product on Amazon. Quick and good quality service. Also the description and rates are good and far more cheaper than any sites.
packing was not good and data cable was not working once i open the pack, i didn't complaint that time because it was really very long process to get it back.
Best phone by best company. Nokia is the only reason I bought this phone. N as expected performance is very good as compared to other products of this price.
I have never seen such a good product at this price. Beats any 15k handsets working on other platforms. Windows operating system is the best. I am loving it.
A very handy phone with smooth response. I have been using the phone for over one year this is a good phone. Never faced any kind of problems like androids
What a Phone at this price, I have been using this phone for 1 year and it has absolutely no lag which cant be said for similarly priced android models
Features, price very good, but functionality of applications there are some issues. Some of the applications don't integrate with the o.s. properly i.e we cannot sent multimedia files through blue tooth. There is problem with pairing also. Attaching files in Whatsapp is also not possible. Truecaller is not fuctioning propertly. Unless these issues are addressed immediately, this phone will lose its popularity. This cannot compete with android phones!
Its really awesome at this price,and it is so robust that after falling more than 5 times also it hasnt been damaged..Good one for careless people
I faced a problem in Backdoor & side lock button. It is not working preperly. So Again i go to Nokia care, another backdoor Panel is purchased.
The phone was delivered on time, it was in top condition when it arrived & is still working well. It was a gift to my mum and she loves it :D
Brilliant phone, easy to handle. decent camera. no issues of lagging so far. its been 1 year of using this phone no issues encountered.
I got the nokia lumia. But some problem with the phone, It's SD card slot is not working. All other is good exept SD card port problem.
Best phone in this range.. I purchased for my Father.. He started loving it. Best for a power user who live simplicity in Phone!
the am using it for more than two years its working well according to the price its worth-ed it has fallen 3ise but its still solid
The best price for Budget Smart phone with great features.I am loving it. Recently upgraded to windows phone 8.1 beta, works great!
Gifted this phone to my mom and she is loving it though the interface isn't easy for a beginner. Nice packing from Amazon !!
i completed one year with lumia. it works fine, good performance, battery back up, good gaming experience, Voice clarity is fine.
Till now bought best budget phone and Windows OS is rocking :) Just need to improve Windows App store like Android :P
i loved it very much...... i bought it for 7500 its enough pho in this range and after using this phone waiting to buy 1320.....
It's a nice Phone with lots of fun, cheapest window Phone at best from a renowned brand. But Battery so week. Drains fast.....
Valued for money and Phone is working fine,Compared with other sites its in my budget.Really have to say value for money..
This phone has all the present day essentials that you would want your phone to have. I would recommend it to someone who would use a phone for mainly calls, sms, and a moderate use of internet, and maybe some important apps. The screen size is just perfect for my kind of use. The User interface is also a big difference from my earlier one which was a touch and type. Love the ease of use this gadget offers. Its lightweight too! No complaints so far.
not radio work , bluetooth not work ,i canot transfer any data to other mobile throw bluetoth ,mail problem etc.
inni kaam kimat aur kisi site par thi hi nahi market se 1000 rs kaam me mil gaya i am so happy with it
initially it was difficult to use but as am use to it am loving it.....very good phone with good battery life
Awesome experience with windows phone by nokia previously i was using HTC Diamond 2. this one seems awesome.
The features mentioned for device are correct and found device in good condition within 3 days of purchase.
I got this mobile today.. But its not a new phone. Its used more then 8 months. I want return this phone
I am very pleased by the service provided by amazon. It was great shopping with amazon. I enjoyed it. :)
No good apps. Lots of things are under renovation. Should wait until it actually competes with android.
got it for 6,999 when the market price was 8,500!!! delivered in 3 days... cannot get better than this
great phone by nokia :) i have been using this phone for last 6 months nd till now everythn ok:)
Best product from Nokia
It is a phone below 10K. Good back up of battery. Only drawback is apps are less for windows phone
Good phone within budget but phone stolen while traveling in local train less than three month .
This is my best buy with best deal and best product in this price range. Thanks to amazon.
the best ever smooth phone that i had ever use . In processing , camera all things are no 1..
best for the cost. a new experience with windows phone. camera is good except night photos.
good product...timed delivery.. little problems in touch
"The lumia 520 I received has some faint marks/spots on the display glass (mfg defect).I just came to know that Amazon India doesn't offer replacements, So now I can either return the product & take a refund (& lose out on the fabulous deal price) or I follow it up with Nokia and get it repaired myself. Either way the customer loses, please keep this in mind before shopping at Amazon India. "
Naming the tag as smart mobile but the accessories given with are not smart. I mean that headset W108 is not a multifunction, means it does not have the function to accept calls or disconnect calls or play/pause music or toggle the sound tracks. This function shall disappointed me as I often use this function when I am on driving. And regarding the phone, it is awesome. The UI is excellent. It has few limitations which can be fulfilled with applications. The camera is really smart, have you ever imagine an animation in a still photo......! Yes you can make it happen with this phone.
gud phone...nokia creative studio is fab! very user-friendly.....gaming not so smooth..
Best phone . Good value for money. Been using it for last 2 years without any problem
Lumia 520 has everything that one can expect from a smartphone keeping the price range in mind. Even if your budget is upto 10k, even then i would recommend lumia 520. 512 MB Ram is enough for WP. I can play everything like subway surfers, temple run 2 without any lag and the best part is that WP dont hang like android ones. We have got almost all the apps that we can expect. Yes, still there are a lot of improvements needed, but they are too small. You wont regret that why i bought this phone. Issues are like no audio/pre recorded video sharing in whatsapp (yes, sometimes i miss that,, if u are an android user then u may miss that. No pdf file sharing options and most of all i miss an proper file manager. I hope it vl be there soon. But, overall i am more than happy with this phone. Just go for it, if your budget is less then 10K.
One of the best Budget Lumia but now you can buy Lumia 535 at the same price point.
this is my first windows phone,its very compact and good design i love nokia always
Nokia Lumia 520 is perfect value for Money. The delivery was ahead of schedule too
i already have lumia 520 this was my 3rd purchase for my uncle i love lumia 520
Its gud product in this range.. at least much better then any of Android one..
I am so happy that i made the right choice choosing this phone. Fits my need.
working good till date but not user friendly.Myunverse app is not in Store..
Nice look and feel. Cons: 1. Windows OS 2. No file manager
very good i am using it for past 3 years very good phone with no lags
I got the same for my father and he is enjoying his first smartphone.
Really nice all product and deliver also very good ... thanks Amazon
running it for past 1 year, good purchase, now time to change it...
Perfectly working...with no issues... Very much satisfied...
Nice phone with timely delivery. Will recommend for buying
OK but too complicated. Service was excellent as always.
Decent phone with limited options. does not have the kick
It's good item and Amazon service and price is very good.
There was a problem with battery and side click button
Average phone. Quite slow and not a long lasting one.
Good product in its range with few glitches with app
Nokia + Windows + Amazon Pricing = Awesomeness :D
good one, using from an year, and really love it
awesome phone i like it delivered the next day..
Gud Phone, gud deal in 6 K , Excellent delivery
One of the best Value for money Windows Phone.
It was great product and I just like this item
Good battery backup than adroid one phones.
Nice Phone. Good Features. Quick Delivery.
Good. Data cable not included in box.
Good Phone and excellent service by AMAZON
Best value windows phone for the price !!
Nice Product for mobile. Thanks Amazon.in
A good basic WP. All features are A Class
it is so beautiful. wonderful service.
Nice phone.. I bet you wd love it...
lumia is great but microsoft suckzz
in this price range phone was good.
Awesome smart phone for the price.
awesome phone and great features.
Very Nice Product Like it so much
Nice phone at a reasonable price
Descent Phone, on time delivery.
best before moto e was launched.
Working good even after 1 year.
This is best phone for Windows.
Value for your money. Seems Nokia can come back to top position with such models in India. Its a complete package of all smartphone features in less amount. Camera is the best, beats expensive Samsung androids 5mp too
i like the product. only thing is it gets heated when using apps and games. and also it is made in china(i checked the imei in [...] ) i think it is original. searched google for mobile gets heated. i think that is also a common problem. value for money. go for it if you are under budget.
The phone is good. My usage is limited. Some games, some apps. Not much. For that it is good value for money. And of course you have the nokia quality. The only downside is that sometimes the windows os hangs. Rarely, but it does.
good service and nice product
Very good and very affordable
ERROR: Error: Unable to find a bootable option. Press any key to shut down.. Before you think of purchasing any Lumia phone , please surf on Google for the given error. There is no exact reason known why phones working perfect suddenly cease to function and display this error ''Error: Unable to find a bootable option. Press any key to shut down.'' on the screen with a black background. None of the recovery tools on the Microsoft website or anywhere else cannot repair this phone. The Nokia care also is unaware why this happens and ask their customers to replace the Motherboard which costs 90% of the cost . There are thousands of customers who are facing this problem and have their Lumia phones turned into paperweights. Please inform your friends if they have any Lumia phone to use very carefully . I have myself used the phoen and no doubt Nokia made a perfect Masterpiece but Microsoft Windows on this phone sucks and Microsoft itself still havent came forward with any of software to get it sorted. So think before u purchase.
Great buy. Value for money.
I was android user since last 15 months but i had faced up lots issue with Samsung Galaxy ace plus related to network so finally after lots research ...i made choice of LUMIA 520.... I had purchased from Zoomin camera ...Rs..8727 ...delivered by AMAZON......delivered within 24 hrs....Fastest delivery -> touch is wonder ful .. --> looks is also nice.... --best voice quality --> Nokia music is amazing --Navigation is available in multiple languages...which is amazing --battery is enough for one day with normal office use.....fb..wats up, mail and voice call " VALUE FOR MONEY" Apps are very limited so you will not enjoy as much as android....hope windows/nokia will update its apps store
Good buy @ best price.
Value for money ...:)
Overall Good Mobile.
I love this phone 
Best In its class !!
There was a problem with the phone I received. It would not recognise my SIM so I had to go to the local NOKIA service point and they told me that they need to re-install the OS and only then it will work. The Nokia service point also told me that phones bought on internet does not cover warranty and charged me for the OS update. The battery last just for a couple of hours. I do not know if this is the problem with Nokia or a bad piece was sent. However in spite of all this the delivery was very efficient and fast. This must be appreciated of the vendor. May be Nokia and Amazon and the Vendor needs to clarify about the warranty.
Good Phone under 8K
great smartphone !!
excellent for price
Excellent and best
Quite satisfactory
I bought Lumia 520 in August'13 for 10k. I went for windows even when everyone was buying Android! I trusted Nokia! But then it started showing me its true colors. Windows gives you all the major apps in Nokia but they are not same. Phone became very slow within first 6 months. One fine day it suddenly showed me " Unable to find bootable device" error! In 14/15 months my phone is dead and even Nokia Care couldn't repair it! So now definitely not trusting Nokia or Windows again! Be wise! Thank you.
good product....
Satisfied..!!!!!
Good Products...
awesome phone...
Good one........
Value for money
Awesome product
This phone sucks. Within 4 months the battery has reduced to four hours from 18 hours. It hangs frequently and you have to take the battery out to restart it. I had similar experiences with a BB and I thought Nokia would be a good phone, at least in the battery aspect. I would suggest people looking to spend 8K on a phone to buy a Moto E instead or any other phone than this. It is a bad phone. Probably why Nokia/Microsoft are so low in the phone hierarchy today.
as expected...
Loved it....!!
Nice mobile..
Superb mobile
Excellent...!
good product
Great phone.
best product
Good Product
Super phone
good mobile
Best mobile
Good Mobile
awesome :-)
Nice phone.
Best Phone.
GOOD PHONE.
The product delivery is on time. Product is in good shape. Performance wise I am disappointed with 2G connectivity, it is not as quick as it is shown in the Ad. Might be problem with service provider. Few apps like Compass, bluetooth file (music/video) transfer is not allowed.
Just OK...
Best Phone
Good piece
Awesome :)
Being Lumia 900 user, a Windows Phone 7.8, wanted to get real taste of Windows Phone 8. Pretty impressed with the phone. Lot of cool features and nokia specific apps. Battery gets drained very fast. Except that wonderful phone I recommend it
very nice
Very good
very good
Very Good
Excellent
Worth it
Great ..
Good....
bad site,,no one buy on amAZON duplicte shpng web site .if ane one can buy any prdcts..... very cruel to our state
1-sound is two slow that other lumia 520 2- It seems it is not original 3- many difference from original Either look into this issue or I will file a case against AMAZON. Contact me on 9414545642
I cant said more about my very bed experience, I am not sure that the problem is created by mobile due to company fault or amazon fault.
it shows some lag while opening apps and also it hangs sometimes. but if ur looking for just simple features then its worth buying lumia.
nokia 520 is not worth the buy...it is too slow and not user friendly as an android.....i want to return this phone back....so please amazon let me know the procedure for doing the same.....but am satisfied with the delivery service of amazon and also expect amazon to refund my money back so that i can buy moto e.....
battery is very poor , even it lasts for 2-3 hours when fully charged. total disappointment from nokia lumia 520..
Considering that Google has launched Moto E for lesser price and offers unbeatable features I think i should have waited one more week and grabbed that phone. Nokia 520 is outdated but for optimised use it doesn't disappoint. I hope Microsoft come with a more customised, advanced but user-friendly operating system. GUI of windows phone is not good enough when compared to android. And the best part why Microsoft can give tough competition to Androids is that its different. Every other person has an android, they want something different. But when they opt for MS OS they end up being disappointed. And MS needs to come out with new Apps..
It becomes hot even if working with camera. Drains a lot of battery though data plan is off. Pathetic phone.Do not buy any smartphone of Nokia
the watch might look good, but the warranty crd sent along with it was dated way back to september 2011,proving this model is a very old unsold one.no wonder it was sold online at a cheaper price. hence i had to return it on the advice of one of the call centres.
looking is very good picture quality is good but not equal to android . not set ringtone easy video is no lode fast call ans option is not comfortable side key is some time not work new update option have but is not work in phone
Phone is awesome. I'm using it from past 8 months. working condition is very excellent. It never lags like other lagdroid phones. best gaming experience. Better to buy this phone if u buy around 7.5k Pros: Windows Phone 8-Fast and Fluid. Shells -excellent covers inbuilt memory-8gb 3G, Wi-Fi Dual Core, 1 GHz Processor 512MB RAM Excellent 5MP camera Better Battery lasts long after high performance HERE Maps Cons: Lacks Front facing camera Lacks Magnetometer Lacks Dual Sim support Lacks flash light for camera Windows still need to be improved Hope NOKIA will take care removing these cons
Never buy anything from amazon, better go for flipkart. I regret why i didn't. I had bought this mobile to present to my mother on her birthday which had been totally spoiled. I got a piece which was having a deep crack on screen. I asked for replacement and was told it can only be refunded. I raised a return request on 25th April and till 7th may, no one picked it up from me. In between twice i contacted amazon service and very politely i was told it will be picked up soon, but amazon didn't even bother to let its customer know the status/reason for delay. and above all this much of delay, 12 days gone already..Commo'n guys we are in 2014 and not in 1990's.... PATHETIC, AWFUL SERVICE..In fact all the adjectives fail to describe such service.
It gets Hang when you use multiple applications and it takes lot of time to open applications. one should buy sammsung
z cv b bnm m ., /. k u g d r j k l l l; l;; ; '
defective material recived nokia lumia 520 ,, deffect found black holes @ display n obnormal hanging....... pls replace my mobile
lumia520 is amazing as a smartphone within 10K. but the product i got is bit defective. It's over heating and some problem with camera botton...so 4 stars.
Unlike previous Nokia phones and other makes, it is not that straight forward and simple to have ring tone of your own choice. I wish it was simple enough for smoothness of making your customised choice of ringtone. Likewise on photography there are two cameras and it does not clarify which if video camera and which one is still one.
I compared the price in many stores and got it lowest on amazon Many dealers told me that the purchase from online store is without warranty , so the price is low
I have never before owned a device that gives me whatever it promised but at a very affordable price. But Lumia does all that.
ya it was nice , worth for money, it was as described.any phone.any phone at this budget in market cant beat this.
Except VIBRATION on Home / Back button in the phone - EVERY THING is AMAZING. Thanks AMAZON. Will keep shopping through Amazon.
That product is not reaches to me till up to. So how i can review for this. What is the problem for this order?
I bought this phone for my Dad who would prefer a Nokia anyday than a Micromax/Karbon or even Samsung. This was the reason I chose the Nokia running Windows 8 mobile OS. Pros: Phone hardware is decent and build quality is good Touch screen sensitivity is excellent, so is the display quality for a phone of this category Decent camera Cons The Windows 8 UI itself - I don't say that it looks bad or anything. In fact, the UI looks great and polished, however, it gets boring in just a few days Sub par battery I have used Windows 8 tablet and desktops and I like them OK. The UI is unique and is pleasing, but it gets boring after a while. I did think that the UI is simple to use for person of any age at first, but with my experience now, I can say that it is not that intuitive to get used to it for everyone. My Dad has been using an Android tablet for a while and he never had to ask me anything after my first brief about the tablet. With Windows 8 OS, he keeps asking me something or other. My son too, who never needed to be taught anything about Android or IOS, required a lot of time to get used to this phone. Nevertheless, it is a decent phone for this price. If you are comfortable with Windows 8 mobile OS, then this is one of the best choice in this price range.
on of the worst service i have ever seen in my 5 years experience of online shopping.worst packing doned ever
Some Gaming Applications Not Working No Zooming Option in Camera Totally No Satisifaction in Nokia Lumia 520 Black Color Phone
Nokia lumia 520 Black mobile is not working as expected and battery back up is worst, will never order a mobile online . I wont recommend anyone for buying this mobile.
Only Look wise the phone is good, battery life is also below average, after playing just a game for once the battery got drained, as well its camera quality is very poor. In fact its camera quality is of low standard in comparison to other phones even of lower price range. Want to sell.it back but not getting any customer. Microsoft the new owner of Nokia should think before launching such low quality & poor standardized phones.
awesome service of amezone.in and very good product delever to us, ilike service of amezone.in product are good good quilety
good product - pros: great size, look & feel and user interface cons: no flash in camera, cam not front facing
It is too good against the Android phone, If you use on you love it. I Highly recommend this product for all youngsters.
Specially awaiting for Amber update. As with that it will be best phone in this price segment. Good deal at amazon. Thanks
AWESOME
amazing
good :)
amazing
vry gud
lava iris built in product was not up to my expectations....very poor hardware as compare to other companies phone...so very bad experience with lava...
Hi I wROTE THIS REVIEW AFTER A 4 MONTHS FROM I GOT THAT PRODUCT,sO I CAN SAY IT'S A NICE ONE,I DONT FEEL ANY PROBLEM TILL AT NOW
Nice.
Fine
good
good
Nice
good
good
good
if u r music lover.. dont evn think abt this phone. . NOKIA and MICROSOFT are really LETDOWN!!! this does not have even the basic facility of SOUND EQUALIZER!!! NO FILE BROWSER!!!!!! . the call it as smart phone..!! NO FILE BROWSER SUPPORT!! Weak network support for INTERNET..!!!(tried in full range area also.). . Headphones quality SUXXX ...!!!... literally CHINA headphone. :( WORST PHONE for my use.!! ((NOTE :- if you dont wanna listn music, then you can go for this ...)) . bye d way.. VERY NICE and PROMPT SERVICE FROM AMAZON!!!
Phone has all the good features at a very good price as well.Performance is good,interface/design all good. But the biggest problem - bugs.It has been 4 days since i have been using it and it hangs 2-3 times a day especially when i have to answer a call.Becomes completely non-responsive.Have to take out the battery and restart.This is not done.No wonder Lumia is not able to gain people's trust. I have ordered a return with amazon.Lets see how things go. Although seeing other happy reviews on amazon it makes me feel that i might have got a lemon.Don't know.
gr8
Awesome product... thanks to Amazon.... Rajendar Margam Rajendar Margam Rajendar Margam Rajendar Margam Rajendar Margam Rajendar Margam RajaSanjeevpatel Margam RajaSanjeevpatel Margam RajaSanjeevpatel Margam RajaSanjeevpatel Margam
I have given correct adders which I have been using since 10 years , the address which I have given as per govt., records but courier company says incorrect address and the product has not reached to me although it has reached the blue dart in my hometown 3 days before. Even the small kid knows about the landmarks which I have given and which is very famous in my hometown. I have given cell number also for any queries . But still the package have not reached on time and no call from blue dart also.... I want to give negative stars but there is no options.. It is better to buy product in the shop although it is high price than ordering in the internet and waiting 24 hr per day for 4 or 5 days, insane service!!!!! Blue dart wake up please.... and grown up dude.....
I just hate ur service. Within one month of buying its headset got damaged .even i play music at low sound still they got damaged n one more problem my phone is getting switched off again n again . I dnt knw why i bought this phone from amazon. Guys dnt believe on them if u want a gud phone go to the market n buy it from there u'll have to pay ₹1000 or more but u will be satisfied . U will not regret .pls trust me
This is the best smartphone in the budget. Awesome body finish. only concern is, the mobile is smaller than the usual smart phones these days.
Hardware is good. OS lacks basic functionality. common volume control - very less application are available Here maps - very useful
The only reason I have given this phone a three star is that it comes at a low cost. The phone regularly hangs and once I had to remove the battery to make it work again. Wi Fi keeps getting disconnected and push notifications for any of the apps, including mail and whatsapp rarely work. The map works offline but takes a lot of time simply to load. All in all, I am suffering for purchasing it. But I guess, what you pay is what you get.
Pros: It is has - good touch. - good speed. - good Ui. - easy copy of contact using Blue tooth( using Nokia) Cons - Nokia is not providing , head set with answer button on it. - Other accessories are too cheep quality - Can not change the name of the Blue Tooth. - Calender can not be viewed by default in month view. - You don't have audio enhancer. - when you change the position of the tile, rest of the tiles are not being re-arranged. - poor pics under poor light.
Totally unhappy with this. Camera button not working after 1 month use. Not able to click any photos with the side button.
i don't like it much as comparing to android phones. but quite a fine product. i won't recommend it ever!!
This phone disappoints with the lack of user-friendliness that has been the characteristic of Nokia handsets. Worth only for the sleek design & camera !
Nice Mobile
Phone gets hanged when we open app and many things which makes me hate nokia produtcs and this lumnia series.
