B00CM9VWWW
This mobile is fantastic value for money proposition. The only thing is it doesnt have brag value of a big brand name. People who are looking for a great android mobile at the best prices, w/o snob value, go for this one. The USB connectivity thru OTG cable was a big plus! The 2550 mAH battery is also required for the 5.2" screen. I bought this mobile for my son, who LOVES playing games. After seeing the performance, I'm going to buy one myself! BTW, Rajeev Makhani thinks it great value for money too, at this price point.
This is one of the best phone I have used till date and thank you Amazon for 2 day delivery. Spice Stellar comes with 5.3 inch screen, the resolution is not out of the world but for me it wasent much to be complained about. Comes with 16GB internal memory out of which 12.5 GB is available for me, none of the phones under this price bracket comes with more than 4GB. The camera is not up to the mark but depends on personal preference. It comes with 1.2GHz QUAD core processor a,long with 1GB RAM which makes it a monster. The phone does not lag at anything even after playing heavy games like Asphalt 8. It supports 32GB memory card. Screen guard and leather cover comes free as an accessory. It is a dual sim Phone and battery lasts for more than 30 hours atleast. Overall if 15k is your budget then this is one of the best phones.
this phone is one of the best phone in under 15000/- range. Spice has created a master piece with all the latest offering in one package. pros.. everything in the phone - screen,color,processor,look,battery,16 gb internal memory...and so on . cons... practically there is no con, but it is slightly heavy due to large battery and 5.3 inch size user experience is great while playing high end games...watching movies and battery last long ..i mean really long... great buy...i strongly recommend this amazing phone to all who need a single phone to serve as phone ,tablet and even computer...it support all video format , all document format and pendrive can be read directly using OTG cable and keyboard and mouse also work in this.
I bought this on AUG 02 2013 for 13,000 rs from Spice Hotspot Bangalore. Till now no problem. Downloaded many apps.. all are running smoothly. Both Cameras are superb.. front 5MP (Awesome). Video calls are very clear (Skype and 3G). Battery backup is superb. Touch, navigation, calls calrity etc all are gud. Cons: Leather case cover is bit heavy. earphones clarity is avg. Very happy with this phone. Thanks Spice :D
I have been using the phone for 3 weeks now and it has been working fine. However, the charger does get hot while charging the phone. I got a flipcover, two screenguards, a USB connector along with charger and headphones in the box. The flipcover is really good and strong and protects the phone and its camera well. Overall, I really liked the phone at the price I got it for.
This phone hangs up again and again. No proper service by service center. Camera does not open at first time and gives black screen error. Service Center refuse to change the phone as mostly this all problems occur due to defective PCB , I'm using this phone from last 4 months and fed up with the experience. I'll not recommend to anyone.
hi feiend I'm KRISHNA from Satna m.p. (mast h re baba) very good phone spice mi535 i have use 4 months also fine is price me iysa phone nhi milega brand pe jaana h to paise jada karch kroge aap aur service bhi nhi mil pati sale ghatiya phones h hanging problem a jati h par is phones me ye sab nhi h
Overall good smart phone. Only cons I have seen bit heavy. Others than best phone. I not seen any cons till date. Processor is good camera is good. No hanging. Gaming I played subway surf, candy crush and bubble.
I bought this phone more than an year and a half back. It is value for money. It flaunts features that are available at a very high price in other phones. the battery life is also very good.
it is a value for money product , its camera is very good and will recommend people with budget upto rs 10000
Simple, easy & convenient to order and get it on right time. without going anywhere order from home and get it. best mobile in this range
I have a great experience with it. so I purchased 4 for all of my family. it's performance is amazing
build quality 3.5 processor 5 star sound 5 star camera in daylight 5star camera in night 1 star pen drive feature 4 star 3g speed 4star display 3star only 2 drawbacks-in night camera so bad and display is not full hd not bad in this price
value for money great camera more memory 16gb inbuilt useable 12.5 big screen 5.3" battery backup is good only I dislike is phone is heavy 180gm
hey friends hhi! this phone is ausom for 9999 budget. i am using this phone and totally satisfied with the device. very nice packing by amazon and it doesn't hang atall!
the phone is ok not too good ,phone keeps hanging ,battery charge does not stay for long ,net connecting problem
Great phone awesome build and display. Forget all the negative reviews for a real one visit tech2. Got the delivery on said date and packing was good. Good phone with very strong specs go for it. No complaints.
Hello...its really great mobile.....bindass buy it. I using it since last 11 mounth. Its really suparb then any sumsang mobile....go for it bindass
Very good phone indeed. Covering almost all the aspects.screen is so big can be used as tablet too. Little bit difficult to carry as phn.
Good product from spice , the product was more then my expectation.. and the product reach to me very soon as committed by amazon.
Its amazing experience for using my 1st smartphone. it have many functions I wish to shop more items with amazon online shoppee
Dont buy any spice mobiles because as per spice warranty terms and conditions battery swollen comes under warranty void condition.
The Phone is Ok but Battery swell with in 4 months. The Original battery is not available any where in the market.
front camera is not good as per 5 mega pick, phone size also big, low voice for person to whom called.
Best mobile with best prize. Using since 1 year without any problem.
The phone is not worth buying . i bought it 5 months ago and battery is fully damaged. always imagined as to why this is so cheap with those features but the 8 mp camera is lower than 2 mp camera of nokia. its touch is started to word hard to press in 5 months. i will not recommend it to anyone. rather buy a turbo mini from canvas micromax.
excellent product at reasonable price
Very good
I but it during Diwali. Performance is good. It is value for money.Screen size is big enough to read e books.
