B00CE2LQSW
I've pre ordered this phone and have been using this for last 2 days. Been using a lot of android phones till now and was bored of waiting for even call log to appear on them. Pros : - · Thinner than expected and feels good in hands · Camera does a good job, a lot of innovative lenses to choose from. · Silky smooth UI which never hangs · Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on · Games never hang or lag · Offline maps with Nokia Here works smoothly (Still Google maps are better) · Nokia music lets you download all latest and old songs direct to the phone. Even regional language songs. · Full MS office suit. · Build quality is awesome with a mat finish on its back which gives a firm grip. Cons:- · Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present. · No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation. For the price, this phone is too good to resist. It has got everything to win your heart. The colours on the screen appears very sharp and real. I really cant think of any other phone which can give you these features even above 15k. For those who are still thinking about the apps, one quick info - only Microsoft and Apple checks every apps before its put In the marketplace. Android has lots of apps, but most of them are buggy, they either drain out your battery or consume all the resources which results in poor performance. Every app in windows store is verified for its quality and you can be sure, it wont slow down your phone. In android if you install a few apps, the phone will start slowing down. But I tried around 30 apps installed in windows. No slowing down was noticed. I believe we should be looking at the quality of apps than the quantity. Go ahead, buy this phone, you wont regret :)
To tell the truth, I wasn't too excited when Nokia launched its Lumia series. With Samsung, HTC and Apple leading the Smartphone wars, Nokia was left miles back. Surprising enough, Nokia struck back with its most impressive line of mobile phones till date. Joining forces with Microsoft was a very smart move for Nokia. Instead of developing its own OS, it went for Windows 8, and left all the marketing of OS to Microsoft. When I heard the price of Lumia 510 (precursor to Lumia 520), I was taken aback. 10k for windows 7.5 phone! Still I waited for an update to Windows 8. That's when Lumia 520 was launched. But for some reason or the other, I couldn't buy it. Then one day I saw the price 6999/- and bought it immediately online. Don't regret it one bit. The best smartphone I ever had. Pros: 1. Build Quality: Superb. On par with higher line of Lumia series. Matt Finish is just wonderful. 2. Screen size: Prefect for me. At 4" inches, this beauty is no doubt an amazing buy! 3. Display: While it does not have clear text technology of Lumia 620, it's nevertheless every bit its worth. Only downside is reading in sunshine is not as clear as Lumia 620. 4. Interface: Truly Elegant.If you think Android/iOS is elegant/user friendly,give this beauty a try. You'll be astounded. 5. Apps: All essential apps available. Though apps are not in the counts of Android Marketplace or App Store, you won't be disappointed as all essential apps we use daily are available. 6. Office 365: Full MS office suit. Though many may not use this, I use MS Word quite regularly. 7. Colors: Amazing bright colors. Could easily give Samsung a run for its money that only launches mobiles in Black and White. Cons: 1. Front Camera: Not a deal breaker though. At 7k (or even 10k), I expect nothing more. 2. Radio: Not a deal breaker. I usually use Tune In (Internet Radio) 3. Flash: No LED Flash. Now this was disappointing. They could have added it. 4. RAM: 512 MB Ram. Even though processor is 1GHz and Windows 8 demand less RAM, 1 GB could have added more value to the product. Still, no deal breaker at this price :) In 10k range, this baby easily outsmarts every other smartphone. Give this beauty a try and you won't be disappointed. Easily, one of the best buys I made this year!
I am quite an old fashioned person when it comes to electronic gazettes. I was never fascinated by smartphones, tablets and other touch screen devices and was very happy with my simple basic mobile. It was only accidentally that i gave it a thought to go for a smartphone after i lost my mobile and my techno-savvy friend advised me to go for this. The transition from a simplest basic mobile to the Smartphone could never be more easier, thanks to Nokia Lumia 520 and Windows 8. I do not know much technical bits to appraise this mobile, but i can state many of its advantages from a layman's angle. 1. Excellent build quality- I dropped it on a cement road from my bicycle to find it in three pieces. But nothing was damaged. 2. For it's primary usage as a phone- Excellent voice quality, speaker phone is at its best. Signal reception is also very good. SMS Interface is very different than regular basic phones and i found it to be quite innovative. 3. Screen size of 4' is quite appropriate. It fits in your palm well and goes in the packet very nicely. 4. Display quality is excellent. It may not have the best viewing angle though, but for a single viewer, you get the best. 5. Windows 8 feels amazing. Very user friendly, desktop kind of interface and positioning of apps could not be more simple. 6. It will not be wise to ignore Windows phones thinking that it does not have enough apps. You would find apps for almost all of your needs. 7. The most beautiful feature i found is the Kid's Corner. Here, you can create different profile for your kid. And you will be at peace, while your child is trying her hands at your mobile. With this profile, your child can not make any outgoing calls or can not mend with your important files in the phone. Though, there are some limitations as below. 1. There is no front camera, but what more can you expect in a budget phone. 2. No radio. But for me, it doesn't matter. I do have best radio apps downloaded in my phone. 3. There is no key to search within mobile, instead there is a key that takes you to the web search engine- Bing. I can't justify a separate key only to search over web. 4. Lack of Dual SIM. Don't understand why Nokia does not have this. Overall, i found this to be the best smartphone with a budget below 10K. Go for it even if your budget is more than it. It is worth for each and every paisa!
Hi, actually now I got time to share about my product what I have purchased from you.First of all I brought it online instead retail shops with this much spent because of the site named amazon.in my phone having some defects like 1)the second call name and number is not appearing during the phone call when data services not in use but,if I am using data services,all things is going good.2)some of the times,the size of the fonts are getting big and I cannot resize it.in this times I need to restart my phone.3)the phone was strucking unexpectedly,at this time it is making me to remove the battery and needs reinsert into it.4)final thing is I can't find my service warranty.Hope you will understand what I am facing with the product.Revert me with positive cheers.
I ordered this product based on the positive reviews I received on all forums. When I received the product and started it, it worked beautifully, except for the camera, where the button just did not get pressed. On searching the forums, I found that there is this issue with its cover which needed to be removed and fitted again. After doing that, I found that the button depressed only half-way through, to focussing. I had to click on the camera screen to click the photo. After going to the forums again, I found that this is a common manufacturing defect with Nokia 520s. I had to return the product as I did not want to get it fiddled with by the service people. When I buy a new piece, it has to work right the first time - no repairs please! Hence one star less. I wish Nokia paid a little more attention to the manufacturing quality of this hot selling model...
Pros : - · Thinner and feels good in hands · Camera does a very good job. · Awesome UI . Never hangs · Responsive touch · Offline maps with Nokia · Download all latest and old songs direct to the phone · MS office suit. · Build quality is awesome Cons:- · No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation.
ERROR: Error: Unable to find a bootable option. Press any key to shut down.. Before you think of purchasing any Lumia phone , please surf on Google for the given error. There is no exact reason known why phones working perfect suddenly cease to function and display this error ''Error: Unable to find a bootable option. Press any key to shut down.'' on the screen with a black background. None of the recovery tools on the Microsoft website or anywhere else cannot repair this phone. The Nokia care also is unaware why this happens and ask their customers to replace the Motherboard which costs 90% of the cost . There are thousands of customers who are facing this problem and have their Lumia phones turned into paperweights. Please inform your friends if they have any Lumia phone to use very carefully . I have myself used the phoen and no doubt Nokia made a perfect Masterpiece but Microsoft Windows on this phone sucks and Microsoft itself still havent came forward with any of software to get it sorted. So think before u purchase.
This is my second Lumia 520 which I got for my wife. First one was got from Flipkart 4 months back. I have used it throughly for 4 months and its the best value for money at the given price. Debate on 512 RAM vs 1 GD is irrelevant for me as i dont use it for gaming. For all office work its perfect with skydrive, office and tight integration with windows. The size is perfect to carry in pocket as I hate huge phone you lug in your hand. Nokia is a tough machine, mine has endured upteen falls without a scratch. Touch is slick, no lag,There is a issue with the camera button but that just requires aligninig the cover properly. I suggest dont buy a case as the sheen of the nokia will be lost with that. Simple screen guard will do. This phone can take rough handling. Regarding delivery. Made in promised time. Neatly gift packed. The tracking on Amazon is haywire they need to catch up with flipkart where you can track the parcel by the hour. My queries on web chat were promptly addressed.But Amazon has competition in face.I brrought this below 8000 as it was cheapest among all online sellers.
The product was purchased by me around a year ago and I have been thoroughly satisfied. The white colour was my colour of choice since it was attractive. Windows phone 8 is a very competitive platform and although apps are not much, there is a certain distinctive look and feel about windows phones, especially Lumia. Although I would not suggest anyone to buy it right now, but the platform is very nice. I enrolled on the preview for developers and have been loving it. First to get the updates. Get a windows phone with at least 1gb of ram... like the recent Lumia 535 and so on. Other than that I have no complaints. Even the people at the service centres are quick to respond. They mended my lock button since it was covered under warranty. Had no issues there. All in all I love Lumia and now Microsoft.
Bought this for 7850₹ from ZOOMIN CAMERA STORE. This is the best ever deal. >New OS wp8(wp8.1 upgrade+fast performance), Nokia(brand name+ product quality+support), Avg. battery life, Impressive apps(here offline maps+ mix radio+here drive etc.), super sensitive touch, super camera(for low light photography too), Good signal reception(mobile+ Wi-Fi), look( attractive design+colourful shells), excellent mic, double tap to wakeup, games never hang,Ms office. >But no equaliser, no NFC, only 500mb ram(no problem OS is not ram hungry), ear phones not good(consider buying wh208) > Using it for an year, No problems till date, Very happy for the phone.
this is probably one of my worst purchases. Firstly, Amazon delivery was very good as always. The phone however is a piece of junk. It gets heated within just couple of minutes of charging and hangs every now and then. Contacting the customer care was no help - they took the phone for three weeks and lied that they replaced the mother-board! Still it is a piece of crap! - it overheats immediately. Btw, even all the data got lost since they phone was in the condition that it was not even getting switched ON when I had to take it to the service center. WILL NEVER BUY WINDOWS PHONE AGAIN IN MY WHOLE LIFE.
i just bought in in april a very nice and cool phone from nokia. i love cameras hd recording its slim and sliie design is awesome
Its great .An awesome product in a affordable price.Great Smartphone . Surfing on Lumia is really amazing.A great Windows phone.
Great phone when it come to phone and functionality. if some one looking a smart phone for using basic aaps' like mails whatsapp must but foe them Great battery backup
For 7K this is the best it can get. Good camera, fluid interface, windows metro UI is a bit different but is light on hardware. All in all it meets all my needs.
Very handy and simple to use! Store needs a overhaul. Thought I would prefer Lumia 525 or Lumia 820 as they have at least 1 GB RAM
Good phone apart from battery, but is also realized that android is the best! Slower than I thought! Am not going for it next time! Amazon.in service is excellent!
This is a very good Windows smartphone. Looks awesome. The display is bright and clear. The camera is good. Windows 8 is very easy to use. There are sufficient apps available on the Windows App Store, and they are of very good quality, especially the ones from Nokia. The phone has not slowed down or hung in after its purchase, that is in the last 5 months or so.
It is good and could be improved Compact , colorful, some basic apps like other phones Here DRIVE was not good when I used it during my trip 3 times struckup ; I removed the battery and restarted Sometimes touch is not very senstive True caller does not work like in other OS phones.. it does not identify the incoming call at the time of call itself
You can install application only listed at windowsphone.com. Windows application from other sites will not get installed. Radio is enabled now but the quality is very poor. Same applications work much better on android phones, example "true caller"
Guys its my third purchase for this product on Amazon... A great product at great price.. Windows 8 phone gives a fresh UI in the jungle of Mobile market. and above all App store growing rapidly.. Go for it without giving a second thought...you'll love it...
I compared the specs of other Lumias with this phone & found it to be same but much cheaper then others. And I don't see any issues with hardware quality. It has 512Mb RAM which may sometime give issues with heavy games, but for everything else it works amazing as it has 1 GHz processor. Battery life is good. Camera is amazing & with recent software upgrade it is even better. No secondary camera & flash but I hardly need these.
Good product and far better than android phones in the same price range. Touch sensitivity is of the highest quality.
I bought Lumia 520 in August'13 for 10k. I went for windows even when everyone was buying Android! I trusted Nokia! But then it started showing me its true colors. Windows gives you all the major apps in Nokia but they are not same. Phone became very slow within first 6 months. One fine day it suddenly showed me " Unable to find bootable device" error! In 14/15 months my phone is dead and even Nokia Care couldn't repair it! So now definitely not trusting Nokia or Windows again! Be wise! Thank you.
A good phone in the under 15k category. Lumia series is especially good for the elder generation as compared to the current generation as they prefer bigger font size and clear appearance. The Tiles format really helps. Nice sensitivity as well. Before the finger really touches the surface, the action gets executed. Camera is too good and takes good pictures even in low illumination. One can enjoy lots of Music if internet connectivity is good. Really a highly recommended phone for a budget of less than 15k.
I'm using this phone since last 1 year. I got @ 6773,, and also got 10% cash back, so, net net it costs me 6100/- this is my first smart phone, i never used smart phone before it. Phone is perfectly working. this is value for money. now a days, there are lot of phone in range of 5000/- with same or better spec,, but from mircomax, karboon, spice etc.. no branded phone is available at 7000-8000 price tag still, so i guess,, Nokia 520 is still best phone at this price.
I got some issue from the vendor side before delivery but letter it was ok. As the product the product was nice as per price. However it can not be able to connect with the nokia software even after trying various times on various computers with latest updates, so not able to take back or restore backup on nokia format. However its was connectable to computer to transfer data. Its camera was not good on photo shoot. Over all the product was nice as per price.
This phone looks great initially, but slowly I realized that its battery life has drastically gone down and have to keep charging it through the day, so that it can survive. It is good phone at this price, however I will not recommend it to any one who want the phone for long term use and it is recommend for the users who keep changing the phones after 3 to 4 months. It is because most of its benefits start going down after this duration of time.
Windows Phone smoothness is amazing. Pros: Six guns n asphalt 7 are very smooth to play in this mobile. Camera in day light is really Spectacular. Nokia Camera apps are outstanding. 8GB internal memory s more than enough for running many apps. Battery backup is above average. Cons: Unless IOS n Android Apps lock, file manager r missing. More video players like MX Player (Android) are not available.
This is the best priced budget phone with perfect blend of feaures from microsoft.The windows OS really feels silky and well optimised for carrying out the basic processes with no lag.Most of the android phones do feel laggy unless if it has high specifications.At this price vs features,this is the best smartphone one can buy.!! You wont regret for purchasing this phone.
I have lost it with in a month before i can comment anything on its performance.
Worst ever mobile I have purchased... I have to change the screen of mobile 3 times. Nokia did not covered under warranty. Window OS is poor in comparison to android... Do not purchase Nokia smart phone... they destroyed their reputation in India
no when i am trying use some applications its completely hanging up
THIS IS MY SECOND NOKIA LUMIA520.YOU CAN IMAGINE WHY I HAVE TAKEN IT TWICE BECAUSE ONE OF THE BEST AND CHEAPEST WINDOW PHONE NOBODY CAN COME CLOSE TO IT.BECAUSE ITS NOKIA BRAND AND THE NAME IS ENOUGH.
This is possibly the best smartphone so far under 10k. Being a windows Phone the OS is pretty light compared to android so the phone performs a lot better even as a budget one while android actually needs some serious hardware to perform well so a branded budget android phone usually just won't cut it. I've found the battery life to be quite acceptable for a smartphone. So unless you need some ios or android specific apps, a windows phone is actually a great choice, especially the Nokia Lumia range.
This is best mobile available in the sub 8000 rs category. Don't bother about the windows operating system, it is better than android. You can work on documents such as word, excel, powerpoint from your mobile. It is like pc in your pocket. Camera is too good. Battery backup is also good. Don't look for android just in for it.
I already have a 1520 but as with any smartphone, it is always good to have a back up phone when things go bad - battery dies out, repairs and other such disasters. i had to choose between 630 and 520. 630 had the latest processor, but was stuck with a bad resolution and 512 MB RAM. online reviews and feedback and tech sites suggested that 630 is just asking for too much money for poor performance. Then, i decided to get the 520 because it does most of the things that 630 but for 3000 less rupees. i wont recommend 520 for anybody who craves performance. The phone is breezy enough for everyday usage but is bad for anything remotely intensive. As a back up phone, it is just about perfect. Worth the money. Thanks to the cloud, everything syncs flawlessly between my 1520 and 520. That is always a plus. Make sure you get a SD card when you buy the 520.
amazing product by nokia in lowest price range,.... windows 8.1 is coming soon on this piece awaiting for it. Amazon as alwayz rocks for its service
It's performance amazed me with just 512 MB RAM. No delay or hanging problem at all. Only problem is it doesnot have a front facing camera.
Best thing of this phone is it never get hang. Good touch screen. Looks like good business phone. I like it!!!
I have been using Nokia Lumia 620 for more than a year and broke it accidentally. So purchased this and still love it. It is as good as 620 except the flash. I wish nokia has installed flash in 520
Bought this mainly to try OS other than Andriod or iOS. Since it was new to me, took couple of days to get used to UI, various options, etc Overall, a very clean approach if we get used to it..did not experience any lag as of now..This phone will be used by father..for him it does not make any difference if its Andriod or Windows..He has picked up the way to use it.. Hoping to get 8.1 updates if they are planning to give it to Lumia 520..that would really make this phone even more interesting.. Pros: Away from monotonous andriod (samsung mostly) & iOS look and feel, smooth while working on apps, good camera when used outdoor.. Cons: Obviously some learning curve, would like to see 1 GB since motorola is coming up with one in the same price range, no front facing camera..
if u r thinking of this phone its aousm u should bye it its features are very good and wifi is outstanding it is very fast if u connect it to wifi router and ist ausm its sound quality is ausm its apps are aousm it is the best phone i ever used............
Its great online store and my shopping experience is good compared to other online mega stores, love to have shopping again. Great time!
Good phone for the money I paid. I bought it for my mother in law and she seems to be very happy with it. Only downside I couldn't install whatsapp on it. Please guide how to do so if you have any idea.
camera performance good. internet runs fast and effortlessly. Asthetics are nice and touch is flawless.Front camera is missing and required.
Delivered on time good work by amazon . The good: The phone is really nice windows os is smooth not even a hint of lag no issues with having 512 RAM as u can play lots of good games. All important apps are on windows store. The bad : issues I faced is the battery backup which is very low it doesn't last for even a day . Another was the phone gets heated backside near the camera lens frequently after playing games for few minutes or after using internet which is very bad . Hope it will b fixed after windows 8.1 update. Thank u friends
well only option other than iphone are these lumia phones which can compete with ios . and what should i say about it being robust and durable. My kid has thrown it and dropped it multiple times now :| but this phone is rock solid.
Excellent super with reasonable price thank u amazon for such kind of service and quality of product... Thanks u so
Its been time since I have been using this. the phone has not yet hanged even once. the only thing I miss in this phone is front camera. Even 8.1 developer update also works smoothly on this set.
This is really a good budget smart phone. However the issue with google services may have to be resolved. Though the application in the store are increasing by the day, more needs to be done to compete with google play.
Awesome phone and fascinating specifications...tnx to amazon for those amazing offers....hope for the new offers...loved the product a lot...thank you..
Very Good, Recommend Others to buy, Windows is very good in comparison to android, Just as in Laptop, windows is superior to Linux
Good Deal & on time delevery. Origonal as per discription Good Deal & on time delevery. Good Deal & on time delevery. Good Deal & on time delevery.
OFCOURSE THIS PHONE HAS PLENTY OF GOOD FEATURES. CAMERA IS GOOD BROWSING IS VERY GOOD.ABLE DOWNLOAD APPS IN A JIFFY.CALLING,SMS,EMAIL ALL ARE FINE.BUT THE BATTERY IS POOR.IF WE USE THE PHONE FOR 5 MINUTES IT GETS HEATED UP.BATTERY DRAINS VERY QUICKLY.NOKIA SHOULD IMPROVE THE QUALITY OF BATTERY.OTHERWISE IT IS A VERY GOOD SMART PHONE IN THIS PRICE RANGE. KAMALA SUBRAMANIAN
Its a good phone with all the useful features. Never could be better for a start-up phone for daily usage which eventually fulfills basic gain of information and keeps connected with daily life.
two things to note: 1. Its very economic to get through - Amazon , its 100 % safe,i can vouch for it 2. Reg. the product ,its very obvious that -its worth for having it by all
Nice Product.... Received on time.... Overall a good phone wid very good battery back up with nice features. thank you
For this price at Amazon (Rs 6779) this is an excellent purchase. I bought it for my wife and she loves it. There are some Windows 8 limitations like no notification drawer, but they should be addressed in the Windows 8.1 update. The phone is very snappy and smooth. Recommended for general users who are not that much addicted to Games. Other things like WhatsApp, Facebook works just fine. Browsing is fast with IE11, and camera quality is decent.
Hii,, Lumia 520 is my second smartphone, but it is really awesome phone in its 7.5k range. Its touch sensitivity is like silk, camera is awesome ya it lacks flash but processor will never keep your phone to hang. though applications are mere in comparison to Android. it is an awesome phone which suits well with its pleasant look, classy design and so more. so lets explore it.
It's a lovely phone. It Suit's our budget. Good features for a budgetary phone. Great one! Love it! Thanks Amazon.
I bought 5 of these so far and we all love the phone... my dad loves the OS. there are enough apps out there on Windows Phone so that's a plus...
I Bought the product 3 months ago. I waited to write a review to check its performance. overall a value for money product. Totaly durable. It fell 3 times from my study desk but still working in excellent condition. Very Good dealer. TRUSTWORTHY FAST SHIPPING by Amazon
The phone arrived in well packed condition with its stated accessories. How ever the instruction booklet are very inadequate to a first time smart phone operator. I had to go to the Nokia web site to down load 100 pages of instruction which also is not in big font making it difficult to decipher some of them. Wish Nokia takes care of its customer better with detailed readable instructions. Other wise the phone is sleek and I am happy to have it. Constant ie atleast once a day charging even when not in full use is an irritant that could have been minimized. Lakshmi Lakshminarayanan..
Nice phone nokia is improving but still need to work on mrkt and earphones with the phone is really bad
I used Nokia Lumia 710 but cost was bit high. This phone comes around ~7000 range but has all the feature a person want in smart phone. This is fabulous product from Nokia in price range from 7-10K. The only bad things is fornt facing camera but never mind w.r.t cost. Screen and OS response is very high.
It is compatible and works well with all the social apps such as Linkedin, Facebook, Whatsapp, skype, gmail, yahoomail, nokiamail, etc... I am not very much into games so cannot give extensive reviews about games. All I can say that it is able to run temple run 1 and not compatible to temple run 2. Camera is good but without flash, the only disadvantage I feel. It is a good budget smartphone. Another advantage for purchasing nokia is with their service centers in major cities while this not so with other mobile brands.
It's NOKIA with the combination of Win8. It's an amazing piece and m loving it. Black update made it more efficient. Now, waiting eagerly for 8.1 update.
I liked this phone very much. My son also having same but my requirement was duel SIM phone. For this reason even after order I took Karbonn A7* (White).
The phone has great touch. good clear screen. i bought galaxy s for my wife for 13 k and this one for 5-6k less for my mom. quality, interface and peformance for both are comparable.
The Phone Really Good For its Range of pricing. When you want a nice phone and really it need not be android then this is a good one. Even when you compare it with nokia's android phone its a very good 1 :D
I like too much,, i grab one of d best deal, good quality and good packing.i would recommend to evryone
All of us have used different mobile phones in our life but its always Nokia that has never failed to deliver its promise of peace of mind to the users. Thanks Nokia for the great products and competitive pricing. A more powerful battery would be a good to have and perhaps another USP for Nokia.
Anyone who is bored with Android please go for Windows. Best User interface.... Best Speed in just 512MB RAM... really cool phone in this price range. U will find almost all apps which u was using in Android even more than that.. Hotmail Client works so fast as Blackberry devices do... I am using Blackberry after i get bored with android & now Windows Best...
A nice phone with average specs, but windows is need to work hard on apps since there are hardly enough apps available for this device. Phone's performance is good
Good at this price, but if you use it more than 15minut than it start his dispation at camera area and become very hot This is a very big issue, I checked the same with Nokia care and they are saying this is property of this model that it dispatch hit which is not acceptable for me.
The choose this phone depending on the goodwill and configuration. Excellent phone from Amozon in an unbeatable price. The only drawback is its battery;If it comes with a 2000mah battery, I will be 100% okay.
Better than many android phones. Just wish it had more ram...it would have given amazing multitasking experience then. 5 stars !
1. Lack of flash makes camera toothless. Pics are dark when taken indoors. 2. Hangs occasionally (even PC windows does that :P) 3. Lack of exhaustive windows app-store like android play store 4. Touch is fairly good. 5. Battery backup is also nice as in other Nokia products.
I have had a galaxy s2 series phone but bought one and this one has been amazing. never ran out of power and everything is so easy to use. Just Like the old Nokia. Always user friendly. Ofcourse had less RAM but really it is worth it
As usual, Nokia makes a phone for it to last in your hands.. on the flip side, it might appear a little bulky, but I dont mind it. Its worth having that strength. You dont want to regret after it falls and breaks into a million pieces. OS is good as usual. customizable and even though the hardware is no great shakes, it is succulent.
Got the Nokia Lumia 520 within 1 day of order. Salute to Amazon delivery, majority orders delivered in 1 day. Pluses: 1) Superb Touch: Is better than Samsung S4, Iphone and some of the high-end android mobiles at 25% of their cost. In one word, its like cream. 10 out of 5. 2) Downloading: Superb downloading speed even in 2g. Speed zooms when 3g is used. 3) Build quality: As we know, they have the best build quality in all smart phones. 4) Photo Quality: Is better than expected. In low-light, can be a issue as no flash. With some of its apps, it can more than surprise you. 5) Apps: Windows have lower no. of apps than of Android. But, all the important apps are there for 90% of requirements. 4 out of 5. 6) Performance: Doesn't lag like many of Android devices. 7) Voice clarity: Nice voice quality during calls. 8) Video Capturing: Has HD recording feature which is not in entry-level smart phones. 9) Operating System: The UI in windows platform is perfect for most users. The only downside is that you don't have much customizations like Android. A treat to use! 10) Performance after Apps performance: Remains smooth. 11) Screen: Is superb. 12) Internal Memory: 8 gb of internal memory is a big plus. Minuses: 1) No flash camera: However, they tell you in specifications itself that is not carrying flash camera. With flash, can be a SRT of smart phones. 2) Apps installed in Phone Memory: You don't have the luxary of installing apps in memory card as Android allows. However, all the required apps can be installed with 8 GB phone memory. 3) Music: You don't have the facility of forwarding a MP3 song. 4) Call Details: You don't have the total call duration called/received. A basic feature missing and is must have. 1 out of 5. 5) Gmail integration: You don't have the facility to sync Gmail on Windows phone. A big negative for many Gmailers. :-( All over, a great product in its own right compared to most Smart Phones that too at the cost. If you don't have any bias towards Android/Windows, then go for it guys. Will cherish this smart phone. I love my Lumia 520. Thanks Nokia :-)
its okay n superb fantastic amazing work by amazon group thank you.Good to by nokia smart phone thank you for nokia
Good handset value for money I I I I I I I I i I I I I I i
This mobile is worth every penny..... pros nice screen, built quality, camera is wow cons 512 ram ,no flash, grip
Excellent product and delivery package to protact it from damage during transit. I suggest others to buy if any one want at good prrice.. The only drawback is single sim.
EXCELLENT PHONE UP TO THE MARK,BEYOND MY EXPECTATION OVERALL BEST PHONE LASTY I GOT THIS AT WORLD CHEAPEST RATE OF RS.7100
It is nice experience with lumia 520 since my purchase. Much better butter smooth than android. No struck... But disappointed of accessing google account entirely. Expecting for more updates of it...
This is the second Lumia 520 that I have bought. I, unfortunately, lost one and I didn't think twice before buying the same phone cause it is such a pleasure to use. An excellent phone from Nokia. Though it is the cheapest phone of the Lumia series, this phone still is a head turner and a pleasure to use. The touch response is excellent. Much much better than I expected and than any phone in this price range. The display is gorgeous, though it shows a bit of glare under direct sunlight but at full brightness, you will be able to read every detail on the screen clearly. The best part of the phone is its camera. It takes surreal images and can easily replace a digital camera in use in general family and friends gatherings or outdoor trips. The phone's camera will also be the delight of the people who take photography as a hobby. I am fond of capturing landscapes and since I have bought this phone, I have never felt the urge of having my digicam on me as I previously did. Coming to music, the phone does deliver excellent audio quality but the bundled earphones are a disappointment. They don't even have a call receiving button. Plus, Nokia bundles Black earphones no matter what color phone you buy. I used another pair of earphones with the device and was completely blown away by the sound. I haven't had any issues with the call quality. The Windows Phone app store contains most of the apps that are frequently used by users worldwide and some which are unique to the Windows Store itself. You won't be disappointed. If not the standard app itself, alternatives are available and there are apps to guide you to those alternatives. The store is definitely growing. The navigation software by Nokia is the best I have seen. It is better than Apple's or Google Maps'. Plus, the option to download maps offline is pretty useful. Google Maps is still missed though. The two downsides to this phone are: 1. Terrible Battery backup (doesn't even last a day sometimes on heavy usage, you will have keep a charging socket or a power bank nearby if you want to use 3G ) 2. 512MB RAM(It doesn't affect any normal usage of the phone, in fact, you won't even notice this limitation unless you are a hardcore gamer and like to play heavy duty games on your phone, in which case, shell out a grand more and go for the 525) These two downsides can easily be looked over when you see that the phone costs just Rs. 8000 for all it has to offer. This is a definitely recommended gadget for anyone.
It might seems to be an entry level phone but it performs really well for the price. The touchscreen is responsive & Windows Phone O.S is different & unique as compared to Android. I bought the phone for my father & it is much much better than the Nokia Asha 501 which was plagued by problems.
I am disappointecd I am used to Android, it is not user friendly.nos.appear so small which are not visible to naked eye.
Awesom graphics,most games playable, ya 1gb ram will do magic camera is good but bad in night most apps are available
Lack of applications. , and options like file manager ,a good media player etc..\ Over all hardware specs is best..
Compact. Fully Loaded. Great camera. Works pretty smoothly for me. Long lasting battery. Value for money. I really love the phone.
Nokia Lumia 520 doesn't have send message option in received number. Its difficult to send message to unknown missed calls. Maps data is not sufficient . many remote places address is not showing. Difficult to get on navigation. Memory card application is not sufficient not able to copy nor paste.
The Pone is awesome and we have been using it for 3 months now and it supports almost all the updates till date from Miscrosoft. Also the packaging and delivery was excellent and on time. Keep up the good work.
It gets physically damaged on just shock and I had to pay 4000 rs. for that service centre. A very bad product and Amazon should provide insurance with the product.
it is a good product in 8000 rs range. it is good for office use. not good for game lovers.
Its a great phone under 8k. A superb camera with lot of function especially with different lense apps. Only downside is that it doesn't have light under the capacitive buttons.
its just over a month I bought the phone for my wife. The home and back buttons don't work well at all. The phone hangs at times. May need to buy a new phone again as its so cumbersome to use it with poor sensitivity of buttons. The return date has also passed leaving the phone useless. Dont buy it. Roshan
I have met all my requirements as far as a smart phone i considerd. It is the best at its range. Only the problem with it is sometimes there is a connectivity problem with watsapp on win8 and clarity of the camera is ok but not the best of 5mp. All in all it is the best phone at this range.
after using android for 3 years...window is really looking cool but very few apps comparing to android n many gud apps are not free.... while phone is quite gud :)
Purchased in October after many positive reviews about Nokia lumia 520....Many were critical about the windows over a android. As I never used android phone before...did not find any lag or discomfort....It's feel good smart phone....Yes there are occasions when the phone hangs....it is same with a windows installed computeras well...There also we adhere to forced shut down.....Here too I have to remove the battery...Is this a bug?? I guess this how a windows phone works....Thus far I had to face this situation 3 times in 3 months !! is this high...Nokia has to answer...or may be users can reply !! other then this phone is perfect in all other aspects! Worth buying!
I purchased this phone from Amazon and I'm very happy with my first ever experience with the touch phone and online portal.... Amazon service quality just added to the good memories of owning this nice windows phone.... If you want nice phone which is rough and tough then go for it blindly.... no other brand can beat this phone....
People are reviewed it.they say it does not have front cam,led flash,4g.i smile nd if this phone got this believe me no other of nokia or any other brand would hav sold.its truly 8000 bucks iPhone.1 star less for its battery backup being low a superb allround performer.
good one, i purchased by seeing online. please updates all offer which is utilised in future great deals it has better features
If we can ignore preinstalled app, i.e. hassle to find necessary Apps and install them! The phone is just Good and value for money, Win8 can grab the future potential!
excellent phone// excellent service by amazon.. everything excellent.. thanks AMAZON..i gifted them to my sisters.. thanks alot for the lovely...
nokia was very good mobile but lumia exal not support and same buttan volium & ring buttan same cemara very bad
i havn't good experience about nokia lumia 520 bacause its resuming while whatsapp running & also some time when we play temple run game. whats app not work properly in this phone like android phones. i think there is need to do more work in window phones by microsoft.
No comments, you must have one! Great phone from Nokia in collaboration with Microsoft. I like windows phone personally so I am happy!
I m satisfied with its delivery and quality window phone is special its drawback is hang problem and sharing of video etc.
Purchased this phone a month ago and I like everything about it. Main thing about this is it runs so smooth compared to android phones. I have used few android phones but even those which cost much higher than this will lag. Also, Windows phone OS is simple and easy to use. Nokia quality is good as always. Windows phone is missing few apps but more apps and games are coming these days. May be because of popularity of devices like 520 and 720.
smart looking & easy to operate . very convenient for handle. good camara. feature s are fine very useful for students
Pros: 1) Simple n user friendly OS. 2) The option to change the back panels gives different looks the phone. 3) Music quality is good. 4) Camera quality is good even in low light. Cons: 1) The headset provided is pathetic. 2) No led flash. 3) Apps are limited.
This is the BEST smartphone in the country which is below Rs.10000 .You cant get a better phone than this for the same amount.The price offered by Amazon for this product is the LOWEST when compared to other sellers.For guys who wanna buy smartphones within the range of Rs.10000 buy it blindly without thinking twice. The camera is of high quality despite there being no LED Flash.The touch of the phone is one of the best.this phone is pretty handy for Office users as its equipped with MS Office.The call,sound and Video Quality of the phone is excellent.Although the OS is not as User friendly as Android and doesn't have huge no. of apps like android but it still fulfills ur entertainment needs with a host of other apps.The other option in he same price bracket is Micromax Canvas 2 or HD for those who are not brand conscious and prefer the easy to use Android OS. All in all ,it is a pretty stylish phone for Rs.8000.
this phone is just amazing... features reallymeet the level of Nokia. looks are amazing and its fun to use it.... everytime u get into it u come to discover a new feature.... love it... paisa vasool..:)
Windows Is Best...!! Nokia + Windows = Fun... Don't Wait And Buy It Nd The Camera Quality & Apps Is Best.... New And Better Than Android If U R NOT A GEEK...
this phone is good. it have great features. looking is good. less apps than android but the apps in the windows are excellent.
i was so happy when i bought it had no problems but after a month usage it hangs a lot.
I am glad and proud to have this phone.. Exceeds my expectations. Camera clarity, Options, Games . Everything is great..
Its a great phone from Nokia, fairly simple & easy to use. The display is good and I would recommend it for anyone & everyone, especially those who are switching over to smartphones. Truly worth its price !
I love amazon.in. My experience with amazon.in is very good. I am very empressed with the service of amazon. And the price is this product is very cheaper.
I have used a lot of mobile platforms from Java - android including meego & maemo .. i rate windows 2nd Best after Maemo. The Phone has a better design then most android phone.. Just Beautiful. Its Works Great, No Slow down, Internet Works Fine (Except IE :P ), Less Calls dropped, Music Player is awesome.. app store is growing fast.. And with plenty of apps to download. camera is good too.. & Im in Love with Live tiles :) The Phone is definitely Recommended..!!
Nice phone... worth the money.... Very less apps in store that is something windows has to take care. Camera could have been better.
I am currently an Iphone user and needed a secondary smart phone. Am absolutely delighted with the Nokia Lumia 520. The look and feel is fantastic - very upmarket. Bought the white: classy. I had evaluated the 620 also but didnt feel like paying the extra money for the LED Flash and the front camera to take selfies. I loved its size too: its neither too big not too small and fits comfortably in my hand AND in my pocket. Again had felt the 620/720 etc were too over-sized. Comes with a micro-USB charger which means its easy to charge; now that most devices have a micro USB. In terms of usage, find it very easy and intuitive to use. Loved the Here Maps. Been a though-and-through Apple user so I think it will take me a certain while to learn the other Nokia features / apps. As of now, I am very very happy with the Nokia. Plus, hats-off to Amazon. You are my new HOT favorite. Awesome prices and even better delivery. I got my entire order (phone+ 2 books + a chess game) in <12 hours. HOW did you guys do it! IMPRESSIVE.
Yeah I really want to say this phone is @7800 RS. What will get more. than anything this awesome. Piece with very good features.
best comes only onces thats lumia 520 and your dream comes only with this phone only thats way i love lumia520 ..
I'm not a fan of windows it looks good but sometimes the phone hangs idk i f it just for me as a budget phone it is highly recommended
fabulous packing...great service..and wat a product !! @mazed wid @mazon !! Simply out stands nokia lumia from other phones. Delighted.
nokia lumia 520 is a good product worth purchasing. best deal as compared to price among all sites. j k
At 8k, This is a decent phone with good call quality & battery life, However the option of not able to set different message tones for different contacts & custom message tones is a let down . camera could be better
Amazing deal by amazon thanx for this deal. With this unbelivable price.... fabulas deals ggiven by amazon my experience towards online shopping has changed by amazon...
At the price being offerred, nothing comes close. Ultra fast internet response. No flash bit of a downer but no reason not to go for it. The display and features are brilliant. Does not play popular format of mkv for videos. Can do with more audio video codecs. Overall, utter value for money. Good service from amazon but would find it difficult to beat the flipkart service in terms of speed.
The lumia 520 is a very good device. It works flawlessly. Comes very close to IOS when it comes to fluidity. And yes it is not anywhere close to android in terms of customization. Whatever it holds inside, pack's a punch. This device will definitely put every penny of your hard earned money into right pocket. Go ahead and feel a difference.
Phone as a package is good , considering its price I have already dropped it couple of time in few weeks, Still working good (-; Signal strength is mostly weak.
Great phone to have at a resonable price.loving it but the apps are low comparitively but still the hardware is pretty amazing cant say so for the software though
Nokia Lumia 520 Windows phone is any time better than any Android device. Windows 8 operating system is easy to use, simplified, and fresh. Battery life is more. Unwanted processes do not rum in background. Speed is excellent, Phone does not get Hang. Ram should have been 1GB. But a value for Money Piece. Better to Buy LUMIA 520 than going for any other Entry level Android phone.
This was my first purchase from amazon.in. I m fuly satisfied with the product,its delivery and pakaging quality. The price at which the product is offered by amazon is lowest. FIVE STAR for product ..
this is the best phone under 10k in the world...!!!! screen size,design,everythin is awesome..........i dont know what lagging is......only one con....Windows Phone 8 should get a File Manager
I like it since it fulfills my requirement. It is affordable and has all the required features which I need.
very use full item perfect genuine product very use full item perfect genuine product very use full item perfect genuine product
Really nice phone .... only drawback is that it doesnt have Music Equilizer. Display (7/10),Camera(8/10),Touch(10/10) & It will play 1080p like flawless. over all (7.5/10).
Its good,but compared to android windows is less user friendly,for changing any data in the phone,we need a computer also,cannot be changed from phone itself
Thanks to amazon.. Best phone under rs.8.5 k Supercool touch and features I recommend amazon for online purchases..their response to queries is very good
I don't think I can write any better than other reviews. I think it is the best smartphone for the price. The Diwali 10% cash back deal made it even more lucrative!
the product was brand new with orginal packing & seal.Amazon price is the lowest in online.I like to shop with Amazon & would recommend to my friends.
This is the chepaest & fastest deal i have ever got in Online purchase :) Thank You AMAZON for coming in india
Nice Mobile.. at affordable cost by Amazon and Saholic.. Nice configuration.. Nokia Lumia is grate mobile Thank you Amazon for offer
Highly satisfied! Worth every Paisa! Packing was too good! Nokia Lumia 520 is the best phone within 10k range as of now.
Its a good handset with amazing features and truly value for money. The camera is amazing and the touch is also good.
i was really surprised to get this mobile at this price iam just loving this mobile its really an awesome mobile, any one who wants to start with a smart phone, then he can get this one
wp8 is very bad.it has not least no of apps and so on. just wanna sell it as soon as possible.
The price was very competitive and the product recieved is in good quality. It is working absolutely fine. Thanks Ravkant
I have got Nokia Lumia 520 @ Rs. 6999/- within 5 Days of ordering the same Excellent Mobile with super sensitive touch and camera quality Thanx to Amazon for their offers and services......
the features of this phone according to the price are excellent. most of the games are playable smoothly and it has a good 5 MP camera
This is my first smart phone and I am really loving it. First of all hats off to Amazon for such amazingly fast delivery. I got the phone within two days of order. Now regarding the phone. Initially I was a bit hesitant to purchase a Windows mobile. But one of my friend suggested me to opt for it. It is s amazing user friendly phone. Very easy to navigate and seriously guys you will fall in love with it after using it a couple of days. The camera quality is great. Though it does not have a flash. The only drawback I found after using the phone for a couple of weeks is the battery backup. It hardly last for 4-5 hours if you are using internet on the phone. But for the price I got the phone who cares. I would suggest go for it if you want a smartphone under 8k.
i got this phone from amazon @7300/- which is less from market price the performance of this phone is very great .Nokia music is my best choice because i download unlimited music in compressed format so it takes very lesss space in memory as compared to mp3 files. Sound quality is very good when i using apple ear phones. Touch is very smooth.All applications which is available for android or Ios7 also available on windows store...
Really a awesome phone below 10k... We can blindly buy it... Camera has superb clarity,if it has led flash,no one can regret buying it...
Look and apprearnce is nice.But you have learn to work with windows phone.The sound is good. But the Camera is not good at all. It has the camera of 5MP but the quality looks like 2MP. Its ok if your not much fond of photos then is a nice smart phone of its range.
pros 1. Touch response is good. 2. Camera is excellent both photo and video 3. Screen size and clarity very good. 4. Internet experience is good including accessing mail (outlook, gmail). cons 1. bad head set, no equalizer, music lover disappoint this. 2. No file manger. 3. No flash
Good windows mobile at this price. Loved the features. Amazon you rock.. when comes to pricing.. Highly recommend for people who enjoy windows phone.
value for money , this phone is based on windows 8 so different way of software usage thank you very much to nokia
Today's best all in one phone in windows8. Features & performence of this phone is top class. I love it.
The phone is soo fantastic in terms or build quality and looking. I can say it is worth for money.
Mainly file explorer not inbuilt or exists in third parties software. Videos can't. Be shared via Bluetooth. No ringtones volumes can be separate adjustment in profile. Needs more improvement. OS is running at it's best performance . But app not exists as per matched to native users Requirements . Can't. Manage files and folders.
Design1 Dimensions Height: 119.9 mm Width: 64 mm Thickness2: 9.9 mm Weight: 124 g Display and User Interface Display size: 10.16 cm Display resolution: WVGA (800 x 480) Display features: Brightness control, Orientation sensor, Ambient light sensor, Lumia Color profile Display colors: TrueColor (24-bit/16M) Aspect ratio: 15:9 Pixel density: 235 ppi Display technology: IPS LCD Display height: 86 mm Display width: 52 mm Touch screen technology: Super sensitive touch Sensors: Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, Proximity sensor Keys and Input Methods User Input: Touch Operating keys: Volume keys, Camera key, Power/Lock key Form factor Form factor: Monoblock touch Hardware Connectivity SIM card type: Micro SIM Dual SIM: No Charging connectors: Micro-USB AV connectors: 3.5 mm audio connector System connectors: Micro-USB-B USB: USB 2.0 Bluetooth: Bluetooth 4.0 + LE Bluetooth profiles: Object Push profile (OPP) 1.1, Hands-free profile (HFP) 1.5, Serial Port profile (SPP), Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) 1.2, Audio/Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP) 1.4, Service Discovery Application Profile (SDAP), Phone Book Access Profile (PBAP) 1.1, General Audio/Video Distribution Profile (GAVDP) 1.2 Wi-Fi: WLAN IEEE 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi security modes: WPA2 (AES/TKIP), WPA, WPA-Personal, WEP, WPA2-Personal, WPA-Enterprise, WPA2-Enterprise, PEAP-MSCHAPv2, EAP-SIM, EAP-AKA NFC: No NFC Data Network WCDMA network: 900 MHz, 2100 MHz WCDMA max data speed DL: HSDPA - 21.1 Mbps WCDMA max data speed UL: HSUPA - 5.76 Mbps GSM network: 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 1900 MHz GSM max data speed DL: EGPRS 236.8 kbps GSM max data speed UL: EGPRS 236.8 kbps Power Management3 Battery model: BL-5J Battery capacity: 1430 mAh Battery voltage: 3.7 V Removable battery: Yes Maximum standby time: 16 days Maximum talk time (2G): 17.4 h Maximum talk time (3G): 9.7 h Maximum music playback time: 52 h Maximum video playback time: 5.9 h Maximum cellular network browsing time: 6.5 h Maximum Wi-Fi network browsing time: 7.3 h Wireless charging: No Processor Processor name: Qualcomm Snapdragon™ S4 Processor type: Dual-core 1 GHz
I bought this for 7k and its worth every penny... camera is simply awesome at this price and now windows store has all the msging apps and day by day the apps are increasing unlike before..good and free games are making their way towards windows phone so really good phone.. any day its the best phone for social networking freaks ;)
A nice phone for the price tag. Looks great and very easy to hold and use. Very good windows experience!!
i loved everything except the that it isnt having a front camera.. the pic quality is satisfactorily good and the looks are simply cool.. I love it..
Quality phone with reasonable features. Windows OS has less applications compared to Android OS, whereas basic apps are avbl. Prompt devliery from Amazon,
Cool phone and faster access good in its range with in 10 K good service by amazon .. kudoos must buy
Too good phone for below 10000....I would rather say the best photo e for such a price..just need more software updates.....
This is my second lumia 520. The product is too good for the price. Flawless performance. Touch is too sensitive. Never get hanged. It will take some time for Android users to get used to Windows 8. Nokia Mix radio is too good. Very bright screen and ok viewing angles. Cons: White color should be used with care. Can get dirty easily. Not for people who wants lot of apps. The store should have more free Apps. SD Card browsing is not there. Notification app drawer is missing compared to Android. Overall Verdict: Go for this.
I got this phone a month back..its very good..i love the camera in this phone n lot of other features..overall its value for money.
Plz inform me agian when its cost is 6999=00. i just got more satisfy by buying it in just rs. 6999=00
got @7000. value for money product. great phone from nokia. i think 520 is the best as for as features like ram and processor concerned
Loved my new lumia. Amazing service by Amazon. Received it fast and safe. Overall great experience on amazon India shopping.
I had me believing great things comes in small packages that too at low cost i paid 6200Rs at amazon for this
nice price with good products. i like it. good quality as well. Thank you Amazon india thanks again 5 stars
awesome phone new features are cool win 8 has some extra feature than its previous version very nice phone good..................
awesome phone at this price ........feeling delighted. Good spec and wonderful performance with 512 MB RAM, very good touch exp.
Din't expect such a quality product from Nokia with Microsoft, whoever is against Nokia w8 comes has not used it and just sticks with android
Good performance, has all the stuff that a normal person needs but nothing fancy. Perfect phone for the average user. And at this price point it is good value for money. I got it for Rs. 6100 and at this price it is a killer deal. I'm very happy. Nokia music unlimited for 3 months and Nokia Drive are excellent useful features.
It got it for just Rs. 6999 and it is more than worth its price. amazing phone with awesome features
I like this product received & it satisfies my expectation & i am happy with my purchase in amazon .
Best value for money at this price range and met all the expectations I had from this mobile. Would recommend it to anyone who is looking for an entry level smartphone
Quick delivery and good price. It's more than one month and the phone is behaving good so far. The specification of this phone fully justifies the price at which it is being sold.
Its a great phone....Got it with Amber Update......I did not find any problem as of now.....I suppose there wont be any problem in future.....About Windows 8.....Only thing that attarackted me is Tile concept....In Windows 8 one disadvantage is not having file manager as OS automatically manage it......Stable OS after 8.1 update....Sunlight readability is excellent.
This low end phone is good. Windows Phone OS is clean, no OEM crap if you know what I mean. So instead of low end Android, I would take low end windows phone. When it comes to 15K+ phones, it's another matter :-) Windows Apps are behind the curve. App developers are not treating it as top tier platform. 'Whats app' does not have disabling group notifications but keeping individuals - feature. Little things annoy me. Flipboard did not exist. So I ain't buying any highend windows phones. However this particular device is good value for its price. So far I have found only one negative, sound quality is average or below average when you are talking over phone. My 3 years older LG Optimus 7 had better sound. Other than that pretty pleased with what it has to offer for this attractive price.
I like the mobile in price brand. If lumia comes in dual sim I would like to buy again. Over all I am satisfy
Excellent phone to use and comes at a very basic price. I bought it with Amazon and very satisfied using it.
All features are exceptionally great. This entry level Windows Phone is worth the price what i had paid Rs. 6200.00
This mobile is having very high touch sensitive.. display size is good. Windows 8 OS making the mobile user friendly
Everything is good for price but very unfortunate that it does not have front camera........... I am thinking to returned it but not sure as, the return is always a hassle.
Awesome price by amazon.in very happy with the product and superquick amazon delivery. Will recommend everyone to go for lumia 620 if they are looking for under 8k smartphone.
It's an original Nokia Lumia 520 - since I verified the handset's IMEI with Nokia care center. Moreover, handset is not tempered in any way. The best part is I got it from Amazon.in for a price of Rs. 7100/- (including 10% cash back offer from Citibank credit card).
Excellent touch input... good graphics nd overall mindblowing handset including offline GPS... here drive is very cool offline navigation system
Great phone for a basic lumia and at this unbelievable price. I got it at INR 7500, thanks amazon for this.
This is the best available in the market, if you are looking for an entry level smartphone. The speed is outstanding compared to the android rivals of its class. I have used it for over a week now, and no hanging problems which I used to have in Galaxy. Most of the people says its not that user friendly. But I disagree, use it for about couple of days and see for yourself, how easy it is to operate. cons - Battery lasts about 26 hours normal use, no flash and front cam. Pros - Superb display, Excellent touch, Free unlimited music downloads from Nokia, Sound Quality, Windows8, Feel of having a Lumia.
It's awesome except the chat disconnects automatically weird Nokia Lumia Rocks........ Awesome mobile manufacturer now meet's worlds best Software manufacturer no android or ios can beat it......
best smartphone in that level. took little time to understand for novice but overall having great features, video is amazing and photos are good.
Its my third day of using it... Till now I am fully happy and satisfied with my decision of going with Lumia 520 Mobile. What I need for my daily usage.. All is available there with Nokia and Microsoft applications.. Processor is really fast.. Sound clarity is superb.. Touchscreen response is awesome.. Lot of inbuilt memory!!!!! Really after using android and its side effects... It is better and cool!!!!!!!! I like Lumia 520.
This phone seriously brings a big smile on your face. After using it i became a big fan of windows interface. a lot better than android or iOS sucks(for Indians) anyway.... never hangs for any type of app or game and multitasking is a child's play for this gadget. only cons are the:- -led flashlight - front camera. These features are available in lumia 620 and 625 with a price range of above 13k whereas i got this handset in below 8k. A worth purchase and beautiful and ideal gift for a budget smartphone..
i am giving 4 star because of its look and size touch is great response this are my likes dis like are vibration part is very low , sound get low when put into pocket because our jean pant close the speaker opening and small small inbuilt i dont like , for setting some new ring tones i have to connect to pc ..contant first name and last name not proper in it. its getting mixed up. but i got this phone at 7399 , i recommed you to buy . its worth buying it. only very minor problem are there . i am using for past 10days
Just recieved my lumia 520, i ordered for my father, he found it very cool and easy to use and as fast... Windows 8 is pretty good and better than android. People who use less apps and just want a stylish good quality fast processing phone GO FOR LUMIA series. Great experience....!!!
Excellent Touch Super Fast U ll adjust to windows 8 very soon n it ll feel very easy to operate. If ur a big game buff , then windows might pose a small prob, But otherwise i find enough apps here :)) Good looks. Too good a price.
Completely perfect with my lifestyle and fully featured as per my requirement... Too easy with amazone also for buying it..
I have purchased this product on 3rd Novemeber and it is delivered on 7th November by amazon.in Service is good by Amazon and Nokia Lumia 520 is really nice product available for 7500. Windows 8.1 is awesome and touch is good. bit compromised on display but not bad to say. I am happy for buying this product.
What You Expected in That price I Got This Only for Rs.7541 And I Am Happy to Say That In This Price No Phone Will Give You like this functions Thanks
A very nice and value for money phone, . Also the Service from Amazon was very prompt and I got it in a very good offer.
Phone is excellent in configuration and performance. Market place for windows is a big worry. Not many apps like android or ios.
Nice phone, works smoothly better then ANDROID but the only problem is Camera has no flash. Great value for money.
Like the phone. Love the interface. Bought it for my dad. The only issue: I had ordered black but received the white version of the phone. But my dad loved it anyways. Will update the review after 3 months or so. Update: camera is good. So are the inbuilt Nokia Apps for photography. But windows 8 is still lacking a lot of apps. Hopefully the development should pick up once the platform starts selling much more.
Excellent courier service, Really Excellent, All over such a great experience with Amazon... Sure i will buy next product with Amazon..
@ Rs. 7399/- this is the best smartphone you can get for the price. Nokia built quality + Microsoft Windows Phone OS. Good thing is it comes with the latest updates including Amber update (which has some fixes and radio) and you don't have to do it manually. If you want something which is quite different than Android, please do consider the Windows phone, although it has its own limitations as compared to Android but you would certainly like it. Call quality, Build quality, screen quality, user interface, features are very good. Camera is also good for the price. Missing thing as per me would be - magnetic sensor and camera flash. And yes Angry Bird (fully free version in Apps :-))
Best phone in this range.. Smooth touch .. HD video .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
My current mobile is android and i was happy except voice guided navigation. My mobile used to take so much time to lock my position using GPS and i found this problem in so many android phones. But lumia 520 worked like a charm. Excellent offline maps and lifetime free maps download, super sensitive touch screen are a plus.camera also works well in low light. Minus points.... Battery drains with in a day. I didn't find individual volume settings.you cannot set one volume level for audio player and diff setting for ring tones.
All of us can vouch for products from Amazon! Till date I have not had any complaints about their products.
Robust windows OS and super smooth...Good daylight camera...excellent msg thread...office awesome...bit downside no flash for camera and ram 512 mb....but its worth.
5 stars because Good value of money , fast service, i'm happy.. .. .. .. ... .. . .. .
Pros: * Touch is very sensitive * Not ultra-expensive. Seems value for money. * A delightful departure from the android UI Cons: * However the windows marketplace for apps is highly immature as compared to Android Google Play store and free apps which work seamlessly are a headache to find. * If most of your smartphone usage is centered around apps, you will be highly disappointed with the options. A simple YouTube app (4 variants) didn't work for me.
Nokia Lumia 520 is the best phone in the range of 10,000..........the only backdrop is that it does not have flash for the camera.........in this range which android phone is giving this awesome experience......i can play any game with high graphics without any glitch.......i sold my old sony arc s and bought this phone so u can understand how better this would be
Its the best phone in market below 10000...some of the applications are super cool like zomato...facebook n skype work awesomme even in 2g!!!....also it has a very good camera of 5 mp with auto-focus...the pictures are so amazing with amazing clarity..a samsung 8 mp camera also takes pictures worse than this....its a must buy for a person looking to buy a awesomme phone within 10000... !!!
It about clean interface and excellent Internet browsing at this price point. Soft and fluid OS and excellent screen .best camera app collection
Expect everything that happens on a windows platform. It hangs, needs lot of reboots etc etc ....btw just like windows, most issues are resolved with a simple reboot. Camera app is superb.
i had heard a lot about it and went to purchase it but some basic functions such as seperate volume settings for ringtone and media which are available in the cheapest handsets are missing in lumia.
The product is good, but Lumia as a OS is too restrictive, specially myself coming from the android background (so one star less). But then the interface is lively and refreshing.
32GB memory card and Nokia Lumia 520 perform as per my expectations. BTD-400 Bluetooth 4.0 USB adapter did not meet specifications as promised. Windows 7 refused to accept it.
not value for money. We should get more with this price. else the product is okay. Got a crack on the display as it was not of Gorilla glass and replacement cost 3800 INR.
Very good phone considering my required usage. Good handset for official mail purpose. Might not look slender and sleek , but very much worth the money. I am pretty satisfied.
Got the Lumia 520 below Rs.9000/-. The phone is very good in performance and in look. I installed few applications and still the performance is the highest.
m using ths phone since 8 month .. still in best condition. ever great betry i just fan of ths phone trust me and go for it blindly
have all that I need and windows phone is a great relief for me. I don't want to learn anything new jargons and so it is perfect for me.
The awesomest phone ever. Great built quality, good display. Intuitive OS works amazing with everyone. Reinstates faith in Nokia again.
The phone started behaving abnormaly after upgrade . The phone triggers repeat calls to same number without us touching the screen.
Phone is good for the price. Windows is user friendly.. But don't have freedom of android and file applications
Item which i got is getting hot while playing game and it dos't support memory card. please solve my problem .
awesome phone ,latest update is always seeded in time,in-call quality is just gr8,a must buy product...
its good product as all windows phone promised. Light os good service. Cheap rate branded smart phone
I love my Nokia lumia 520. Windows operating system is different and worth the Buy..
Superb....rocking. excellent and large display..super speed..fluid and light weight user interface.best fon in this price range. no flash camera..but no probs :) not as many options as android.. i recommend windows than android.. hats off to nokia...
Reached in less time but Nokia network signal issue is there may be my vodafone problem.
Glass breaks easily. But otherwise good. You'll love this if you like Windows.
Camera is great however No Flash. I would suggest everyone to buy Lumia 535
Very nice phone, within this price range. Amazon delivery is fantastic.
Gets heated up too quickly while on a call.. 3G and EDGE not reliable !
It doesn't meet my expectation & it has poor build & plastic quality.
Good Service from Amazon But not good product from Nokia
Nokia Lumia 520....This Phone Has External Memory card option...???
The phone works like a charm in the price range it is provided in.
I feel very happy. Good quality mobile. Save time and money.
The phone is just fab at it's price range.. love it! :)
Lack of front camera and flash light is disadvantage
Works as expected, nothing unusual happened so far.
Got it for lowest price. Good service from Amazon,
its good phone, i got it in 6999..........
Great Cell I have ever used....!!!
Good phone with great reliability
Amazing Product. Value for Money
good windows phone for the price
Speed delivery. Awesome product
So superb.....nice working.....
The battary was of low quality
better than microsoft 535
Sorry for the delayed reply . Nokia lumia is known successful product from Nokia, I gifted the same to my Wife and she is so very happy.
Best product from Nokia
Just bought this phone 2 weeks before amazon.in and now the phones touch screen is not working problems. Keys tend to press by itself even when using low sensitivity. - Windows OS is great but it do hung up at times - touch screen comes to a standstill often and key tend to press by itself. - customer care service responded asking a 20 days time for replacing touch scree. I had to know why Nokia dint make it a normal touch screen, who needs a super sensitive touch screen which doesnt work.Those who are planning to buy this mobile please read complete reviews. - the phone specifications and the os is good but the hardware (especially the touch screen) is an utter waste and u will end up in service centres soon enough repairing your mobile.
it was cool phone.
Product is good.
Great product
Great Product
Super at 7k
very good
Good Fone
After my Galaxy S2 was broken, I thought of giving a try to a cheap phone before buying another flagship. However, this phone has surprised me by the quality of the touch screen and awesome quality of the display. If I were a novice user with no prior knowledge or experience with Android and iOS mobiles, I would have given this phone a rating of 5. Unfortunately, after using Andoid and iOS for over 4 years, windows platform makes me tired and at one point I was in a frustration to throw it out. Let me briefly tell you the pros and cons. Pros:- + Awesome touch screen - you feel that you are carrying a 20k+ mid range phone. Believe me nobody believed me when I told them this is just 7K. + Excellent display: Though this is not HD or full HD, it doesn't look bad. You won't notice any difference with any HD screen. + Unbelievable price: I can't tell you anymore for this price + Super easy repair-ability - I broke the touch screen once and I myself able to replace it within 10 minutes by watching a youtube video with no prior knowledge of doing it. + Good camera - For this price the output produced by the camera is good. Cons:- - Windows - Believe me, you need to go through multiple touches to reach anyone you want to call. - No Google apps - if you are a heavy user of Google services like GMail, Youtube etc., this phone is not meant for you. Many will tell you there are alternative apps. but they will let you down after a couple of days of use. None of them built with Google in mind and they produce unreliable results. For example, if you have multiple GMail accounts mapped on your GMail account, the builtin mail app will test your patience. - Sub-par call quality - The phone is loud enough but the voice is not clear. - Lack of apps - These are the days people stopped surfing on browser and looking for apps everywhere. After so many days (and months) of release of windows, companies seem to be uninterested in developing their apps for windows. - Bloated apps on store - beware of fake apps developed by third party developers who will steal your data. You find almost all popular apps that you see on Android and iOS but none of them are developed by original developers, though there are some exceptions.
Good value for money. Experience is good.window 8 experience is also good. For the money that we pay, this is decent
another gud phone by nokia. jst love the touch and new wind. 8 its jst awesome. go 4 it. bindass.
Lumia 520 is an awesome phone in this price range. Even android can not give it a phone in this price range with such a great UI. special about windows phone is that its far much-2 better than android. You can enjoy almost all MS product in this phone. If you want a smartphone under 10k, then it is bezt choice. Although there is one problem with this phone is that the sometimes speaker didn't work well with music player.
Good...
Awesome
Perfect
Average
FIND BETTER PHONE FOR U R SELF.PHONE HANGS.......ON 3RD DAY OF PURCHASE.DONT TELL MAMA DIDNT WARN YOU.FRUSTRATED WITH THIS PHONE.
It will be better if u have zero star option..I have never seen any guy calling from site support and asking me to remove my review abt the product..then why the hell you are asking us to review? its totally shame..better u guys close this website and pack to ur home... I need immediate response from the higher officials?
nice
good
nice
