B00CZ8MI9G
It has got all the good features except that many a time the system hangs and that is quite irritating specifically when you have to call back. Also it has a problem of operating as if on auto mode.It is hardly one month since I started using it.
It is a good phone at a reasonable price. The plus points are its 1GB RAM which makes it fast to load. The grip is comfortable and the screen is pleasant to view. The only negative point is that there are too many pre installed applications which I personally do not require but am afraid to uninstall. All in all the phone is good
Titanium S1 is a good quad-core budget phone,but it has some differences from the other popular quadcore devices out there. The S1 is powered by quad core MSM8625 Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and the GPU is Adreno 203. The Mediatek quad-core you see in other budget phones performs better than the one inside S1. So if a lot of apps are opened in the background,you may find a little bit of lagging when switching or opening apps sometimes. Operating System on board is Android Jellybean 4.1 which is old but still performs well thanks to 'Project Butter'. Screen quality is good with a 245ppi and decent viewing angles. 1 GB ram is great for the price.This phone clearly under performs when playing high end graphics intense games though.But You can play many popular games like Temple Run,Fruit Ninja,Subway Surfers etc without much issues. Camera quality is average as you can expect from a device of this price range. 720p video shot with this is below par. Quadrant Benchmark: 4500 Antutu Benchmark: 10800 Battery inside is a 1600mAh. You can only get 1 day of average use with this. Overall a good budget device. If you can spend a few more bucks you can get better 1 GB ram devices under 10k though.
Really this phone is Value for money.. i got it for 6700.. (with 10% cash back on Citibank Credit Card) I am using this phone with full fledged. for gaming, browsing.. i have not felt any problem while playing browsing.. Not hanged not even single time. also battery i am getting for more than 1 day.. that's fine. Touch sensitive is very good.. and fast. thanks to 1GB RAM... Only one negative point is Camera, it is not so good but still ok.. looks like 3 MP camera... Overall thanks to Karbonn...
The phone automatically keeps on restarting automatically . Even at the slightest of drop ( just 1 cm) , it restarts. I have tried to contact Karbonn's customer care on their website but have not received any response at all. To make the matters even worse - when I tried to contact their service centres ( mentioned on Karbonn's website) over phone - all the phones were switched off. I had bought the phone considering the excellent hardware specs - which I thought were good value for money. But what is the use of a phone which is unstable and keeps on restarting. DONT EVER BUY PHONES FROM KARBONN.
Nice look and a smart phone in budget. Good processor but battery not support hole day if u r surfing/gaming more then 2/3 hour.
This is my first online purchase & its from Amazon.. About the phone- not for people who can waste excess money for the same usage.. Advantage_ 1.price on offer bought for Rs.7199.10 2.ram 1Gb, 3.processer,1.2 Gh Quadcore 4.android 4.1 5. display 6.internal storage 1.4GB for Apps & internal 7.quality camera(main striking difference) DisAdv_ 1.battery needed to be a bit higher on mAH rating 2.dialaer doest have the video calling function. 3.automatic settings for internet not availabe,u need to set it on manual. My review_ Its an "INDIAN iPHONE" WITH A CAPTION "qUALITY PRODUCTS CAN BE AFFORDABLE"
