B00CEQJ9Z0
I bought this product from amazon on nov-5th 2014, 2 days back when i put it in charge the mobile and usb cable burnt.... so please check my mobile screen shot before you purchase this mobile....
The network reception on this phone is average. The display is good and in sunlight also you can see the colors. The back of the phone is serrated this is done to provide more grip. But I get fooled into thinking its rubber back, since this phone is still new to me. Due to this there have been occasions that I overestimated my grip on phone causing it to slip out :P. The back cover is really tight and despite falling to ground, the battery and sim do not come out, nice. The phone has metal shell, that makes it feel premium. The camera is mind-blowing, it can take good pictures both from front as well as back cameras :). The front camera in fact is the best in quality that I have seen among the phones I have used. Pictures from front camera will pleasantly surprise you even in low light shots! There is no optical image stabilization in this phone, even though its mentioned in the ads here as well as on mfg's site. There were no lags seen so far in its operation. The "internal storage" (not the ram) is 500mb, the "phone storage" is 2.0 gb. You will have to move the installed apps on "phone storage". It would have been better if they could have made "internal storage" as 2.0gb with no "phone storage", that way installations would have been easier. You could always use external memory cards as well. The battery is good, lasts longer than any android phone I have used :). No complaints in battery department. There is no back-lighting for the touch buttons at bottom, but I got used to them, so its alright. I would recommend you all to do a factory reset after getting this phone so that you have no problems with the apps installations. I highly recommend this phone for average overall operations, and being very good in camera (both front and back) and battery departments.
nice product value for money and i like battery backup 2.5 days
Great Phone for the Price of 5k for basic fucntions emails, msgng, whatsapp facebook etc, dont expect to play games and pics are also decent as image stabilizer is not that great on this phone but i mean how much u can expect from 5k..... Excellent Screen Clarity and good touch response, long lasting battery... Only found touch to behave weirdly when using while the phone is charging other wise still havent come across any cons...
i love it, see website its working as per specification[note only 11 hours under 3G] but some unwanted apps are there like moneycontrol, etc. one more problem service centre is too long. usage of 3g for more than 30 mins heats the battery. I under clocked it with setcpu software. I rooted the phone so warranty will be void. I am now searching for salora z1 rom
Very good device as match my requirement. Internal Space is less than expectation it must more than 8 GB.
Best battery backup but no use internal storage is only 512MB.i could not able to use whatsapp, crome,star office, viber, every time need to move data to phone storage. And it shows memory low.... very bad design black colour is getting white colour. Even no ready to purchase as second hand phone.....
Dont buy salora ptoduct spares are not available in market nd service centre... Before 6 month i am buy the salora arya z2 smart phone but after 4 month my batery damage...jab market mein spares parts milte nahi tou product sale kyu karye ho bakwas hai salora phones
Salora powermax z1 is really very good phone. The battery backup is very good and the screen resolution is good. 8mp rear camera is good for the day time. Very compact, solid look. If you are not able to get Redmi 1s, buy this phone @4999. Gururaja, Scientist, NAL, Bangalore 17
there is no sound why not checked service is worst
It is a good phone for its price. There is no point for complaint. 512MB RAM is creating constraints. It would be an excellent phone if the RAM capacity is raised to 1 GB.
Don't purchase any salora products they don't have accessories And Service Centre. .....I am facing the problem from past 3 months
I m purchased solara this nice mobile buttery pick up good mobile s very so nice camara s good front n back thanks Amazon
THAT'S AWESOME AND WORK IS GOOD THIS OPTION FUNCTION MOBILE IN INDIA BRANDING. HIGH PRICE NOT COMFORTABLE
very good product at Rs.4999...battery backup is good. Thanks amazon for prompt delivery.
Dear Sir, Solitary Power Maxx Z1(Black) When I look at your our selling price Rs.1999.0 ( Same day out of stock I am added wishlist) today I want to by that Item. But when I clicked on by button the price show as it Rs.4999.0. I want to know what is the reason for changing of money, is I get that Item for Rs.1999.0 please your reply give me. Thank you for KH Babu,Cable Tv, Sztn:. Kochi-682006. 10-10-2014.
This mobile flip cover or case cover not available in this model. So I give u 4 star.
Excellent mobile at a reasonal price.
Xcelent display, camera and processor. Short on internal memory (512kb).
Don't perchase the Salora phone other wise ur money will be lost
Superb Mobile at this price Very Good camera Battery is very excellent But unfortunately 1 SIM did not work I returned back the mobile and got my money back refunded to my account Then I ordered once more and got the mobile Its really worth buying this mobile Its metal body really superb and good looking pretty nice You will not get all the features at this price in any mobile Thanks to Amazon
This is regarding Salora PowerMaxx Z1 (Black) which was available for a discounted rate of Rs. 4999/- on 12.10 2014. I liked the features and wanted to buy the same and added to my bucket. But when I opened my bucket on 13.10.2014 to place my order to my astonishment the product rate was displayed as Rs. 8999/-. Why this abnormal difference of price? Can I avail the product for the discounted rate of Rs. 4999/-. Kindly answer.
its a good mobile with amazing features at low price
very good product provide by salora in this range.
good product, value for money, full metal body, thanks amazon for best price
Fine mobile But there is no enough RAM
touching some are slow working
battery life is superrbbb
Good Quality of Products
Good product but value jayada h all applications open this phone. But camera is poor. Battery is good 2 days net with song.
Best phone in good price I like it I can sujest to pur have if bujet is like 7-8 thousand
Very good product
Solid battery back up and cost is good ....... great experience
superb. ...
I got it three weaks ago.This is a very good product on Rs.4999/-.any one can purchase this product without any hesitation. Battary back up is very nice. All most all features are available in this phone.Audio is good.Rear camera is not as per secification, but good.I suggest,go for this product.
GOOD PHONE
Thik thak
I am thank full to amazon that thy bring such a NYC n decent phone with such quality.and price is too good . but my badluck sim slot 1 z not workig.
sunil
Good
The back of the phone is serrated this is done to provide more grip. But I get fooled into thinking its rubber back, since this phone is still new to me. The back cover is really tight and despite falling to ground, the battery and sim do not come out, nice. The phone has metal shell, that makes it feel premium... The camera is mind-blowing, it can take good pictures both from front as well as back cameras :). The front camera in fact is the best in quality that I have seen among the phones I have used. Pictures from front camera will pleasantly surprise you even in low light shots! There is no optical image stabilization in this phone, even though its mentioned in the ads here as well as on mfg's site. The battery is good, lasts longer than any android phone I have used :). No complaints in battery department. I highly Recommend this phone for average overall operations, and being very good in camera (both front and back) and battery departments. SP SINGH PATNA - BIHAR
battery ek dam zabardast hai
Bakwash phaltu phone koi bhi I say nahi khariday
nice mobile,,,,,
Good phone
pros good display decent processor huge battery life cons low ram 512 mb capacitative keys do not light up phone heats up when charging or using internet heavy OS is Android ICS, which is not upgradable
nice
