B00DQKUR4A
First of all the XOLO brand was awesome This phone im using 9 months till now not a single prob is their and the sound qualiy is awesome and the camera is also good which comes 5mp and also HD recordings and a very imp thing the battery backup was really awsome so i want to say go for it.....
As promised by amazon's one-day delivery option the phone was delivered in Time but to my disappointment the phone has manufacturing defect and issues. First it had battery drain problem but when I charged the battery overnight it was okay and no more battery problems. The next thing and that is still an issue is the camera. The phone has 5MP (+ super bright LED Flash) autofocus camera which initially worked fine but after an hour of usage it does not focus on any object which are far than 3 inch. Every thing is all the way blurred. SGX544 is a good GPU (Top 10 as of 2014 ratings). Since amazon has no replacement policy so I am 'kind of' forced to go for refund. I hope to get full refund for the same.
its excellent i like the way which amazon delivers .,......... every thing is good phone is amazing and dont expose to heat yaar ur phone may damage ....... and put good members for delivery rather than every thing is fine :)
The rear camera had black spot. It was a mfg. fault. it seems there is no quality check at any point of time by the amazon team or its retailers who sell the product. By simple checking beforehand you can avoid of exchanging the items, enhance customer satisfaction, no hassles of returning the goods and this in turn will reduce your overheads and increase the profitability or will allow you to sell the products at more competitive prices keeping your margins intact
The Xolo Q600 does amazing stuff for the price. Until now no issues. The only other purchase I love is the Xiomi Redmi 1s AFTER release of this phone in the market, but from an Indian company, Q600 comes as an amazing VFM. The main reason I went for this is the battery life, which is one of the best in this class of phones with QuadCore. No issues so far!
There are many cheap smartphones in the market. after some research, i found XOLO600 to have the best hardware for the least cost. using the phone for 2 months now and it works pretty well. overall a good purchase for the price. as far as the packaging and delivery are concerned, amazon is as good as it gets.
1. Sound quality is very poor(biggest flaw and show stopper) ->cant hear songs or video in crowd or even using the earphones 2. ram is also quite less 3. internal memory also not much So inspite of the quad core thing these are the bottlenecks
Phone is nice,working very good but videos playing poor quality .value for money,I feel happy with this phone.better than branded phones
did nt expect it wil be that good. but i'm highly satisfied and suggested many to buy this phone. tk cr
Xolo q600 and 500 both are excellent and value for money. Micromax screen gaurd is worthless and most of them a
Its picture quality is fab & it has amazing features. fast performance of RAM & user friendly but if it has 111gb RAM it will be great.
Best backup , best display,touch response. Best 2g & 3g network speed. 1 day backup for full day data using. If an hour data use per day with several calls then battery lasts for 3 days. So this is best mobile. I am reviewing this after a month usage.
Hai, Awesome, I used one month no problem,It comfort to my pocket,Battery backup for me one day long usage, Camera clarity is very Good, I like this product very much,Nothing to say.
Really Very Good phone in such price range. Internet speed is very fast. Volume of sound speaker looks slow as compare to other smart phones.
It is an awesome quadcore phone with many things I used it and strongly recommends that any else also useit
Awesome Mobile. Very good performance. It would have been awesome if the RAM is 1GP. Camera also performing good. Made in India. Really worth for valuable money
Good phone in range between 5k to 10k. Point of concern is only Customer care service by XOLO when any problem occurs....
good mobile no hang...but has lag while using uc browser...camera clarity is good..battery drains very fast while using mobile data
given piece is defective and service not provided properly because of that i dont like it self recommend while purchasing be carefull
Overall build quality is very good. There are few things it can improve on - The screen cover were having air bubbles. The second cover provided was not of good quality. - The phone is a bit bulky.
Good phone in this price .It was a gift for my Mom and it was her first ever smart phone .User friendly, she is loving it .! Amazon - Good Job in terms of delivery and warranty !!
awesome mobile phone using without any problem till now lag free, smooth, played lots of game audio and video performance is also good.. From $uraj
very worst service. Display has gone within 3 months. i gave it for service and it has been replaced after 2 months... dont buy this model..
I was a bit skeptical before buying give 512 MB RAM and relatively unknown brand name since I am a samsung user for long. But when I received the product I was pleasantly surprise, it's a amazing phone for its price. Absolutely no lag, excellent performance and awesome build quality. Xolo power is too good and I get a very high batter performance!!! All in all excellent product and value for money!
I purchased it after many days of research and given more than my expectations. Can perform all tasks that hightend phone can do.....
But some time hang on more apps best go for this mobile people who want low cost ........................good ...........good .
it's a great phone.. amazing touch, memory and battery...camera is alright.. for this pri've, it's a steal.. I love the phone!
First of all....when I received the.item by AMAZON. Its packing within a outside box only(without inner security like FOAM MATERIAL/THERMOCOL SLIDE/ PAPER/HARD BASE-GATTA Etc.)could be more chances to DAMAGE of Mobile, 2nd its Accessories in the box , are different colours(Mobile is white & its Accessories in Black)....3rd is , Very lack of Knowledge about the product(Mobile) regarding gift comes with every MOBILE(Whole INDIA know about the Offer...but AMAZON is DENIED about such Schemes)...XOLO PROVIDED FREE GIFT TO ALL.LEADING E-COMMERCE SITES....4TH is Price is Increased suddenly when offer is come(Maybe free Football along with EACH & EVERY XOLO MOBILE) ...but I received only unsatisfactory experience this time....I have approach several times to AMAZON customer care regarding this issue...but....not got Solution. 5th is I'm a tech savvy person.....so many my friends, relatives, colleague and Near & Dear are talking advise to me before buying any gadgets...My preferred are like a clear Verdict to go decision....now next time I will definitely think & then suggeste everyone...my experience is worst this time..I'll never forget.....Recently, I suggested my friend to by GIONEE M-2 through SNAPDEAL...WE GOT A LOTS OF AMAZING OFFERS LIKE AIRCEL 3G DATA FOR 3 MONTHS, FLIP COVERS Etc......I have REGULAR CUSTOMER OF AMAZON WITH DIFFERENT ID & BUYING BY SOMEONE ELSE OF THEIR INDIVIDUAL ID BY ....& OF COURSE MY RECOMMENDATION....NOW IT'S CHANGED.....Apart from that AMAZON is very technechnicaly & effeffective designed site...you r impress Ist time to your customer but more important to adhre with you of CUSTOMER for long time....That's CHALLENGE FOR YOU....THANKS NAND LAL KUSHWAHA #9971271496-9711245250
my mobile phone is not worked in speaker.i feel very bad.because speaker is one of the part basic feature of mobile phone.
I am using it since 1 month and i found it is good but heating is a major problem and camera is also below average.
Good device at this price Any one who wants to buy android mobile around 6.5k can look forward to this mobile
must buy this phone, it is really very good look wise as well as performance wise. camera quality is very good
Good u can get it and really good thing 6000 rupees . Even battery is good but sound quality is poor
fine and the eexpectation as required v v v v v/ / / v v g g g g goog
Bought for my father.. For a first timer a good phone in touch screen
slow touch screen , no battery back up ,very slow internet
thanks for nice product and timely delivery.....
Paisa Vasul Cell Phone & i love it
i am enjoying this phone .........
cheap look ,plastic body
The display sucks and there is a bluish tint to it. Device gets 13,382 on AnTuTu which is really great for 7k bucks. XOLO has 3 apps installed and you can turn of the default battery app. Flash is really bright. You get about 102 mb of RAM on a clean boot. The headphones that come with the device suck ! Also it comes with two screen guards, one is already pasted on the phone and there is another one with the device. Touch screen sensitivity is a bit bad compared to other higher end devices. I had to replace the stock dialer app with the one Micromax uses because of the way SIMs are switched(pull down notif menu, then switch). The camera quality isn't great. Video is OK. It's passable if you take photos in the sun. Overall you get a great bang for the buck device !
very good mobile phone
V vv good it's ok
Bought this ph for my mom... looking for bare minimum smart ph exp... like touch screen / sound clarity / camera / whatsApp... but the ph did not meat the expectation. Touch was bad... not expecting to be grt also for a 7K phone...but the essential basic like voice clarity is very bad and so is the camera. I had to return the phone. Dont knw for whom the ph can be good enough... when u have Moto-E & Micromax Unite-2 at this range... koi yeh kyun le... woh na le ??? Thanks Amazon for hassle free return.
its very nice
veary good
satisfy
i thought xoloq600 is a good product but it is not .it has worst sound quality i had ever listen ,the earphones that come with it worst then a local china earphones.
good smart phone i like very much xolo q600 amzon.in is best on line shoping...in 2 day i goy my xolo q600
good
good
Nice Phone... Nice services from Amazon.in - Good battery life, Nice display y y y y y y y y
Bad quality item supply. When I start phone & check front camera, it's clarity is very bad.
