B00EOPJEYK
With 1.2ghz dual core snapdragon processor and Windows Phone 8, UI is fast. People have to use windows phones to know the difference btw android and windows phone 8. Why i went for lumia 625? * ease of use * good call quality * Longer talktime * decent camera * HERE maps and offline navigation * 4.7inch IPS-LCD screen (decent quality for the price) * Fast UI, thanks to Windows Phone 8 (faster than many android phones under 20K) offical indian apps like IRCTC, HDFC, State Bank Freedom (SBI app), bookmyshow, redbus, dominos, pvr cinemas, moneycontrol, my airtel, mPassport Seva, BSNL, paytm, mapmyindia and so on are available... more apps are added to windows phone platform daily. Give it some time to grow...
People complaining about this being a waste of money. Firstly the price was high at the time of launch. That is the case with every new product. Now it has been priced reasonably. Few reasons the price is higher that Lumia 720: •Full HD (1080p) video recording on Lumia 625 as opposed to HD (720p) on Lumia 720. •PureMotion screen with 60Hz refresh rate (found otherwise only on the 920,925 and 1020). (It does lack ClearBlack display though. And also Glance Screen feature isn't supported.) •Nokia Music subscription is for 6 months with Lumia 625 and 3 months on Lumia 720. •Lumia 625 is 4G ready, Lumia 720 supports only 3.5G at the most. •Lumia 625 has a faster processor (1.2ghz dual-core) than Lumia 720 (1ghz dual-core). This results in smoother overall performance. •Lumia 625 comes with Nokia Amber update pre-installed and BlueTooth 4.0 pre-enabled. •(Most obvious point) the screen on Lumia 625 is larger than that on Lumia 720. And yes, Lumia 625 has FM radio. Some people have wrong info. Yes, the Lumia 720 has better cameras and supports wireless charging, but you need to understand that a product can only provide you so much in the price you pay for it. And no product is perfect. There are always some people who may not like the product. But at least please don't misguide others. So next time, before cursing anything and questioning some company's commitment, please do your research properly. Thanks!
bought this phone for 7.5k from amazon. specifications at this price are justified. - Both cameras are good in day-light but not good in low light. - Phone keys(3 keys of phone- back , windows , search) do not have lights i.e don't illuminate. - display is large but quality is just Ok type. - Battery back-up is awesome as compared to other smart phones having IPS display(IPS consumes more battery).It lasts for more than 36 hours on moderate internet browsing with no gaming. so Overall a phone with large screen, OK camera and strong battery backup is not a bad choice under 8k.
I have purchased this phone on 6 Oct and today is 27 Oct.. It works fine.. No lags.. Didn't hang at all.. Lots of apps which are required for everyday use are in store.. Download and enjoy.. Camera works good..take good pics.. Lenses also available.. It's written in the specification of Amazon.in that the phone OS is windows 8 and upgradable to windows 8.1.. Its true.. and one thing to notice is that it's already had windows 8.1 OS Cyan update installed .. so i don't have to update/upgrade it on my own.. Auto brightness works well If you're a windows phone lover or want something different from android or other OS.. you'll love this phone too.. This phone got everything you want in a smartphone with apps that are needed.. Amazon service is good.. As they say.. The phone was actually delivered in 1 day.. At the end.. I want to say this phone will look good in your hand.. will fulfill your smartphone needs.. and its 4G ready.. I would suggest to buy this phone..
General TakeAway: ------------------------ Hi dear consumers like me. I have purchased this phone recently on a great deal from my friend. Getting straight to the point, it's one of the best phones when bought at 8999 currently. If it exceeds 12K again, don't bother coming to this mobile as I feel Moto G 2nd gen is the best in that price with better features and most importantly stunning on screen picture quality. EcoSystem: --------------- I am a owner of 3 different and major mobile OS platforms IOS, Android & Windows OS now. I recommend this phone to those who don't give a damn about the number of Apps present in the App Store, as Windows store currently has only the famous social media apps available. Believe me you don't have GOOGLE MAPS, but there is Nokia Maps which comes on board and does a decent replacement job. Free MS Office apps like word, excel, power point & guess what OUTLOOK!!! User Experience: --------------------- I personally loved this phone with a steady OS running on it. Never seen lags till date and was very refreshing for eyes to ones that got used to IOS & Android. There's a secret that Nokia kept us away from I observed floating touch on this phone, the reason could be I was hot ;) it's the principle behind Capacitive touch screen. I felt the screen resolution is on a lower end end when you watch videos and pixels break easily and visible to eyes. That's only the biggets disappointment I guess as a phone priced at 17K MRP should have got it's most visible part correct :D Camera is the hidden upsleeve trick, it has one of the burst photo modes and you will love it. Pease update to 8.1 as soon as you have this phone it's really better than 8 and for a better user experience, the background theme is really superb :D My final call, If you are a person of patience then you really have to wait for the next gen Lumia phones like 730 at this price range. Otherwise, at current price 8999 it's definitely a deal you will not regret any time soon.
With 1.2ghz dual core snapdragon processor and Windows Phone 8, UI is fast. People have to use windows phones to know the difference btw android and windows phone 8. Why i went for lumia 625? * ease of use * good call quality * Longer talktime * decent camera * HERE maps and offline navigation * 4.7inch IPS-LCD screen (decent quality for the price) * Fast UI, thanks to Windows Phone 8 (faster than many android phones under 20K) offical indian apps like IRCTC, HDFC, State Bank Freedom (SBI app), bookmyshow, redbus, dominos, pvr cinemas, moneycontrol, my airtel, mPassport Seva, BSNL, paytm, mapmyindia and so on are available... more apps are added to windows phone platform daily. Give it some time to grow..
Got Phone for 9k from Amazon.Very good service from Amazon. UI is Very Good,access any app from the start tiles makes it more easier Touch is very responsive. Music audio quality is very good Telephony is very good which includes all quality,dialing ,managing contacts and accessing any contact through people hub. Though the phone loud speaker is Good, but not very load. Big Screen is very good to read news ,articles.Standards News apps like NDTV,TOI etc are works very well. Browsing experience on shopping sites not that great because of low resolution screen. I am average user of games. But my gaming experience is good,played temple run 2 and subway surfers without any lag. Both front and rear camera are excellent
Great Phone!(for my purposes). Well done Nokia. Arrived on 2 Jan 2015 and am loving it. PROS: Excellent build quality 1 of the best. Good performance with just 512 mb ram great battery back up ( almost 2 days with normal usage with wifi on) Awesome touch response (super sensitive touch) even with low resolution Display is good n big.(Nokia smartly made the text softer so tat there is no pixelation) Camera is good not great but you can enhance pictures taken with brilliant Nokia apps. CONS: Only con as of now is lack of Clear Black Display. Final verdict: If ur not a heavy gamer and want a windows phone with all basic features just go for it.(if ur budget is low otherwise go for 730 nd dnt go for 535)
I've been an iOS fan all my life. Decided to shift to windows phone for a change. Pros Very responsive touch, no lag like android. Good screen much better than HD screens of xolo and micromax in my opinion. Good battery life. No heating problems. HD Video. Good Camera. Very big screen. Build quality far superior to any android phone in that range be it samsung or xperia or lenovo or micromax. The phone is solid and built like a tank. Cons Really poor ecosystem. Very few apps are available. Those available are too bad vis-a-vis android or iOS. Verdict Good phone for money, solid built, nice colours and decent camera. If you are like me and want a smart phone with office suite, facebook and twitter little bit of gaming look no further. Ps. After 12 hours of use the phone just died on me. The touch became unresponsive. Returned it free of cost and got a replacement lumia. It runs just fine.
In this phone all features are good. but i m not able to decrease volume in music player. when i on call at that time i will be able to decrease volume so please check it if anyone has solution please put your thougt
Pros: Fast UI .No lags like android. Very good touch. Pretty decent battery . With moderate use of 3g & WIFI it lasts me for 1.5 days . I never play games & online videos though.Nokia Mix radio is awsome.I got this at unbelievable prices in sale ! So certainly value for money. Seems a premium piece in your hands. Cons: This OS is yet to mature in user friendliness to the level of Android . While snoozing the alarm it doesnt asks us for time to snooze for. Just snoozes by 10 mins flat. Sometimes youtube videos crash with decode error.
Great screen, super fast ui. Big display. Good camera. All in all great value for money. Good color options. I chose green. All the covers can be changed.
Good smart phone at 9k. Used Android phone for over 3 years. Initially thought of buying the much-hyped Chinese smart phones, which were later found out to be overheating. I am very much happy with my selection of this branded phone. (After 2 weeks of use) Pros: Nice look and feel Ample screen size Upgraded the phone to 8.1 with no issues Photos quality is good Not overheating after extended use of gaming and listening to music Battery backup is fair enough (sometimes lasting more than 2 days) after switching off the location service Cons: Had issues with transferring contacts (tried the in-built transfer application, converting .vcf to .csv and then synching with gmail, etc.). Finally, "Phone Swappr" application, which is available in both Android and WP, saved my day 512 MB RAM (seems to be enough so far for this Windows OS; as I am not a heavy game user, dint hesitate buying this phone; able to play Real Speed car racing game without any lag)
WP8: First of all talking about the WP8, that is the only thing that would give a little drawback to the phone. Windows phone OS is just a growing software, it needs improvement in many respects. Few examples would be swipe type, extensive customization, app availability. But I would say the interface is pretty fast compared to a slow, hanging android OS. Till now I couldn't install apps into SD card, which in fact fills out my phone memory( available 4GB). So basically I cant download movies using the YouTube app or Movies App. Battery: This is one reason why I like this phone pretty much. I usually get a 20-24 hrs life with 3G internet always on(except sleeptime ~7 hrs. Otherwise I'd get a 36-44 hrs with normal usage. That's pretty good compared to Samsung phones and other phone is Lumia series. Build quality : Excellent as it caused no visible damage as I've clumsily dropped it to hard floor atleast 5-6 times. But take it to be granted. Compared to Lumia 520 and 720, it has a better build quality. Music xp : Produces good quality music using the WH 208. The music app lets you download millions of songs ( if your SD card allows you to) for free for six months. After that you could renew the nokia music acc. Gotta try out with my new Sennheiser HD 439. It also fares well with Nokia BH-111. Nokia camera : The app pretty much allows you to learn various aspects of digital photography. The camera is pretty good, but not as good as the one in my prev. HTC One V. Zooming on kills the photo clarity, but without zoom, it does a good job. k; The phone calls out to be a Nokia product in every manner.
After diverted to other brand finaly I got my favorite brand as lumia 625. I have ordered this on diwali & very much happy with this. No lagging as android, look is good, no worry about aplications all essential apps are available in window store, touch sensitivity best, camera good. I do all my official mails, whatsapp, facebook with this. Battery back up is good & fast charging. Some peoples says that no so much apps in windows, I think except some usefull apps nobody use hundreds of apps after a month of byeing the phone.
I got a great deal. Just 7k on dhanteras sale. Though the dilivery was goofed up and i had to order twice to get it dilivered. Amazon call centre and the dilivery people have absolutely no cordination. I was given a tracking ID of Gati courier which didnt work on the courier website. Mobile is average but with above price it has become exceptional. Love the MixRadio. its best app i have ever come across the platfoms in India. With Microsoft Lumia 535 round the corner this one is having its last breaths.
Excellent mobile I receive with genuine quality from seller.phone was awesome and u get happpy tears when u got mobile in hands.some people told to recieve mobile with broken condition and tampering this mobile. But purchase with goforcomputers u got good experience. I recommend this celler.package is good.phone running condition is good and battery backup is 1.5days with internet browsing and songs playing. TRUST AMAZON.IN amd iam become Amazonian.
Wow! This phone definitely exceeded my anticipations. I opted this out of the blue. Windows phones have not been my pick for ages. Adopted this for once and I'm loving it! The phone is user friendly. It works smooth with absolutely no lags! Battery works for 24 hours straight post charging. What amazed me more is the way it looks! Extravagant. The white canvas specially. You cannot but fall in love with the white phone over and over!! Go for it!
Firstly windows 8.1 is smooth but apps need to be more worked on. Coming to the mobile....it beats even 30000 priced mobiles in hardware specs. Cam is little disappointing....but at 7999, I think its not much of a con either. On the whole its a great deal
I checked the price of the handset (Nokia Lumia 625) on a couple of online shopping websites. And finally settled for Amazon.Thank you for providing a super experience.
Amazon.in is the best place to purchase Nokia Lumia 625, after many days of investigation for purchasing the product I found Amazon.in is the best place, It has all the futures of android phone with 512 mb RAM however with the same configuration an Android phone require 1 GB RAM, the best thing about lumia is that even though the phone memory is left with 200 mb free space the phone do not hang. I am satisfied about the product.
Don't buy this phone from this dealer. Dealer is selling second hand phone here.
Used for 3 months and it is not getting switched on..worst phone..i have sent to repair in Nokia center. Nokia service center are saying they cant repair it..Amazon is selling 2nd hand phones which are defective and returned..i am filing case on amazon and also on Nokia in consumer court..very cheap .... 9000rs for just 3 months of use..suks.. also please careful when you buy phones for cheap price since those will be defective..i am also surprised since it was 14k and here 9k hence i bought it..see the result..my hard earned 9k gone in vain..i hate amazon and will never do shopping and nokia...
phone is best at this price.only thing is automatic brightness control led blinking in dark theme.this is not the seller problem we can adjust brightness levels to low/ medium and use light theme you wont recognise it.i think it's problem for everyone. camera is average for its original price. video recording was good. fast and responsive touchscreen battery life:more than i expected
Nice purchase.. and nice work by amazon and the bluedart people.. :) cheers... keep shoppin.. and enjoy the shopping experience from amazon.. :D
Amazing phone at great price provided by Amazon. had an xperia and several iphones and blackberry before but Windows OS is very fluidic and lagless i never had a single issue with it and i am a big fan of the easy to use operating system. could use a little more storage but that can easily be expanded. the camera isnt great tho but otherwise great phone for an amazing price
My friends are having Nexus4, Nexus 5, S4, Note2, Samsung Grand Duo... I am the only person who used Samsung Omnia w for last 2 years. Once I broke its display twice I am forced to replace my mobile. I had a huge debate with almost all of my friends to choose android. The reason I stick with Windows phone is.. It does what I ask for. Metro UI responds quick and charm. It never hangs. It never slows down after few months of usage. I had to face two big questions with my friends... one is.. android gives customization: Yes. Once you customize with different mods, upgrades to your handset. You can feel heating, lag in ui and ofcourse it is boring. second., android has huge number of apps: Yes. Windows store has 150,000 apps and only morons will install more.. more .. more apps. all popular apps in ios,android are also available in window. I saw facebook messenger app.. which works very good. skype, teamviewer, bulk sms, one note (which is amazing), office (excel improved a lot and ui is way way better now). Finally., Its about which device I should choose. I have a personal policy of.. Never spend more than 16000 for a handset. I have a track of record like., dropped mobile more than 20-25 times a year. Had my mobile bitten by my lab puppy Had throwed and smashed on wall So, I dont want to risk my money. I watch videos much in mobile. So I needed a 5inch screen. I want to read Tamil text (Windows 8 supports Tamil reading on mobile). I want to have gorilla glass to have good quality screen I want expandable mem.. (most devices does it).. as i take lots of pics and videos It fits in my budget It is most recent model in lumia family in this range. I saw many reviews on youtube with gaming ( i wont play much) to show its 512mb ram's stunning performance. I recommend it to everybody who is spending money below 10K in cheap android. & also buying android for no reason. 13000 is a very good cost for this mobile and you will enjoy using window phone.
Excellent product and good GUI for quick navigation. However, I see small problems in UI for Contacts import/export to other phones/backing up on windows PC. Nokia camera is awesome even with 5 Mega Pixel resolution. I brought this at an excellent price from Amazon's Diwali Deals! Thanks to Amazon!!! I received the product in 2 days from the ordered date!!! Way to go!!!!
At the price of 7,400/-...It is the best deal. I got the green color. Just close your mind and go for it.. 512 MB RAM and snapdragon dual core is sufficient to perform each task smoothly. People are techno fools...Who blindly needs 1GB RAM, Quadcore/octacore processor,13MP camera....bla bla bla bla... Basically it is dependent on your requirement...Windows phone can be run smoothly by dual core and 512 KB RAM. pros windows 8.1 upgrade 2000mAH battery which can easily run your device for two days in normal usage Dolby sound and equilizer slim and handy design Dedicated camera shutter button worth to have 5MP sufficient result for normal purpose Front cam for video calls Microsoft office for docs cons single sim...(If you have budget then directly go for lumia 730...best phone near about 14,000/-) Front cam is VGA. 512 KB RAM is not sufficient for game lovers..But it can run asphalt easily...so according to my opinion good performance. Benefits Best price 7,400/- Plus you are getting 3GB of TaTa docomo 3G for 3 months...worth rupees approximately 650/-, You can watch 1000 plus free HD movies in your device. so, after all you are paying 6,500/- for this massive device.... People you just go for it................... Thanks Nokia....I Love windows phone. Each n every useful applications are available in windows also....No more faaltu apps like android
first time ordering from amazon, chose this over flipkart simply because incase of return, flipkart transfers money to their wallet, while amazon provides a full cash refund to your subsequent bank account. phone's a brilliant one(minus the display) good battery life (12-13hrs on heavy internet, whatsapp use), amazing internet speeds, no lag whatsoever, really good camera. even the teeny 0.3mp front cam clicks good pics in bright light. but it is best for skype, not an fb worthy selfie. coming to amazon, this site gives my suburban area deliveries pretty well. i ordered it on 8th jan morning and received it on 10th jan. really good! there's a glitch, though....this phone's produced in china, not india. simply because this set had stopped manufacturing in india a long time back. keep this in mind if you're nifty about such things. my bad though...i fell from the stairs and my phone screen broke after it landed down a full flight of stairs. but amazingly, the screen works without any single glitch. and the phone too has no issues. maybe because its nokia, but the phone's a sturdy tank. love it!
Great phone for this price! Phone delivers on all its specs, more than enough for all the functions we normally use. The camera has a lot of features, need to spend time to understand them to get good pics. My bro and i stood next to each other and took a pic of my sis, the results on the display on his Samsung was way better than on my phone, that's why i feel we need to learn. I wish the features of feature phones would also be available on these smart phones - for example, when i shut down my Symbian Nokia and switch it back on, the music player resumes the song I was listening to, from the exact position when it was switched off. But in this phone as well as other "smart" phones, we need to remember which track we were last listening to, and select that track. The headphones that come with the phone are no good, even for calls - the volume is too low, you can't hear the other person speak. Skullcandy Whip works fine, and is great for music too. I read some reviews where others said there is no dedicated file manager, so you won't know where the photo, video or song is getting downloaded - guess they are amateurs or just want to pick flaws in the phone, the phone just saves all these into their respective applications, finding the snaps or videos received on whatsapp was a breeze - they are stored in the image gallery. Apps aren't great on Windows - there are limited choices, and I tried finding Scrabble, it wasn't available. But then, everyone knows that right? So if your life depends on apps, get an Android. Found a sticker on the box from Tata Docomo saying buying this phone entitled me to 3 GB data valid for three months. After visiting the Docomo store twice, calling their customer care ten times and escalating the issue to their appellate authority, I got an answer that this is valid only for prepaid customers! I fretted a lot about the color before ordering, now I realize I needn't have bothered - we would anyway promptly buy a back panel and cover it! So just go for the cheapest option - you won't regret it, and will have a good time!
I got this product for Rs. 8000-/ in response to a lightning offer by Amazon. Thanks to Amazon for delivering the product for such cheap price. I received it well packed in sealed packet of NOKIA with VAT bill. The mobile is working well. You can carry it in your pocket since the size is optimum.The following plus points are noted Display is good Data Transfer speed is moderate There are a lot of useful free Applications in the Windows Store. Windows 8.1 OS is User friendly. 5 MP Camera quality is good. Sound quality is also laudable. The 2000 mAH battery is very good and lasting well The only disadvantage I have noted is non-removable battery. If the phone hangs one can solve it by removing and refitting the battery. You have to approach Nokia Service center for solving hanging issues. A device with removable battery would be the best option. One should be careful to put the phone for heavy gaming. It is worth for the price I have paid.
First I want to thank amazon for giving this mobile 7999 rs + 10% cash back. Means 7200rs who give 4.7 inch phone for this price?. It delivered on 11th oct. after 15 days I wanted to write review on this phone. First, this phone is genuine and working excellent. Pros: 1. It was not lagging. super fast 2. doesn't heat when you using wifi, battery charging. 3.wifi speed was great. 4. doesn't get virus. 5. touch sensitivity is too high 6. Plays 1080p videos very clearly without lagging. Cons: 1. Battery was for 1 day(2h wifi, 2h games) 2. lack of many apps. 3. camera is good in bright light. But in low light you look like zombie(even in flash) 4. If you use mobile internet battery drains quickly (in wifi you won't get this problem) 5. need internet for installing apps. Means without internet store doesn't open . you can't install local apps also. finally I like this phone very much and windows store was improving very fast.
Just love this phone with large screen and live window tiles...I highly recommend anyone considering a smartphone to buy this one...
I ordered this phone online on Oct 5th around noon time and I got this phone in my hand on Oct 8th before 10 am. So thanks to Amazon for quick Delivery. Pros: - Nice Built - Great Looks - Fast and Smooth UI and Touch. NO lag. - Good Sound/Call quality - Great Battery Backup. Compared to other budget phones, with full charge can survive one full day (with 3G connection) - Windows live tiles. - Some good apps like Nokia Smart Cam, Bill Splitter, My Money, PC Remote. Cons: - Limited apps compared Andriod and ios but one can have all basic apps required normally. - Can't save video files from WhatsApp on phone/sd card. - Can't share mutliple files via WhatsApp. - NO wifi-direct app liked SuperBeam - No support for OTG.... - Can't save apps on SD cards. - Camera not that good So finally if you are not App frenzy then you will definitely love this phone.
Phone is looking superb.... Can anyone tell that while using camera we can off the flash or it always on while capturing photos?
wow!! amazingly Nokia.. don't know why people always want 2 stick to android but this phone meet with all my expectation. it has pre-loaded office, amazing Microsoft apps. and the main thing is is don't hang like Samsung's android even if u install 10 apps. and the main thing this is my first windows phone after Samsung's grand and i am satisfied with it. still i don't know why people kept pursuing me to buy an android phone with the like's of Htc 310, Samsung core and Sony xperia. but i want different phone coz u got a variety in mobile os and a best one in windows. yes i know its lacks the availability of apps than android which is 1.2 million in compare with only 4 lakhs windows app. but 1 cannot install all the 1.2 million app in a phone, and 4 lakhs app is not less which is occupied with good purpose apps not a useless one... thanks 4 reading me review...A honest review after using Nokia's windows phone.
I am quote satisfied with Nokia Lumia 625. Thank you very much Amazon for providing me such a nice phone at such a low rate
Great Product. Thanks Amazon for providing this item with the amazing offer. Initially I was confused about the genuinely of the product. The product is genuine & packed properly. The Mobile is also an excellent buy. Working fine.The voice clarity of the speaker is crystal clear. Touch is super smooth. Best in class 5 mega pixel camera with super quality Full HD video recording. Front camera is 0.3 mega pixel but the clarity is best for good skype call with HD quality voice. Performance of the mobile superb. I upgraded it to windows 8.1 & working fine. I have synchronised my Microsoft account with it the same one I am using with my laptop running windows 8.1 & got 30GB cloud storage. The feeling of windows 8.1 here is like a mini PC I am using. This reduced the frequent use of my laptop. Windows Mobile is best choice rather than android OS.
Excellent phone. This is my first smart phone. And i like the UI. I went for this phone for the Nokia sturdiness. And, it lives to the expectation. Some time i get flickering while watching HD video in youtube. And, i would like to Thanks Amazon for the great discount i got for this Phone :)
I took the phone instantly when it sold for 7000, for that amount, u r a winner , elegant phone with sufficient storage, RAM and 4.7 inches screen, 5 MP camera with flash, auto focus is much better than other 5 MP cameras when it comes to results, pictures are more real color results, front cam advantage in this price tag again and a Nokia hardware and reliability,,, good enough. Interface can be a touch faster and of course as compared to Android phones, a step behind with compatible features, but nothing to beat it if you get it for 7000, also, even for 9000 rs, worth going for. Don't worry about what's happening to Nokia or windows,, it doesn't change the facts that are quality high end products and companies,, go for android only after comparing phones, not popularity.. Your comments are welcome, especially from the ones who got it for 7000..
purchased for 7999!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D fantastic fon from NOKIA with design and everything..seriously worth for 15k.... you will not believe it is a 5mp camera...it is seriouslyy awesomee with clarity as well as full HD video... Good battery backup.. forget about 512 MB RAM if you are not a crazy gamer. It is doing a good job and most games are working smoothly... Upadated Win 8.1...stunning as always.. But 3rd class cheap delivery from amazon..waited for 3times to pick it since it got delivered to my place which was really frustrating...they should learn from flipkart... becas i ordered 5-6 products from flipkart and this was my first one from amazon as i saw this offer for the phone. Customer services people are just zombies sitting there while we enquire something they will come back with prepared answer as the SAME LIKE AUTOMATED COMPUTER SYSTEM...if that is is the scenario why cant you keep automated response???? jus cos of amazon am giving only 4 starts.. orelse it s a fantastic product
Excellent phone. Performs promptly. No lags, no stutters. The Snapdragon S4 chipset and Adreno 305 gpu works like a charm. Camera performance is also great, those who are complaining probably are wannabe photographers with DSLRs without knowing a thing about clicking pictures. The display could have been better as there is no clearblack but 200 ppi is decent. There is a tiny defect with the led panel which is probably not calibrated with the auto brightness mode, so whenever you turn auto brightness on the right bottom of the screen will get a tad darker while using in low illuminated rooms. The anomaly disappears if you turn off that option, strangely. The dolby trademark gives good audio performance and video playback is smooth. Didn't try out any games but most of them will play okay I guess, not into mobile gaming so much. Battery backup is amazing. Charged last night till 1 am, then listened to music, surfed internet for an hour or so, then left it idle for nearly 18 hours. Came back and only 2% got drained. More than one day of backup is expected out of the 2000mAh battery even on a heavy usage. The main reason for the good battery backup is the low resolution. Overall I feel at this price it's a steal.
My 7th purchase of Lumia 625 phone from amazon.every tym when I purchase via amazon they treat me greatly.this tym also..got 8.1 updates with October 2014 as mfg date.so I am getting warranty from Nokia up to November 2015. Don't worry about warranty ,you will get 100%warranty from the Nokia care.
Never ever go for this mobile.. Nokia is selling defective pieces through amazon,flipkart,snapdeal etc...... Mostly there will be display problems... Think 100 times before you choose this.. If you don't listen to my words.surely you will face issues. But.. Amazon service is mind blowing..
Amazing AMAZON!!!! I have purchased this mobile juz for 7999/- in Diwali Dhamaka Offer. Mobile is awesome and display screen is so big than expected. Rather than wasting money for other product, it is best always to go for a LUMIA version. There are no complaints and we love it.
This phone is very good in this price range. USP 1) 4G 2) Full HD (1080p) video recording Pros 1) Excellent touch screen. It is very sensitive. 2) 6-Month free subscription of Nokia Mix Radio for downloading songs. Mix Radio has a huge collection of songs from different categories. 3) Large Screen size 4) Despite 512 Ram games are running smoothly without hanging. 5) 64 GB expandable memory. Support SD card. 6) Comes with Windows 8.1 and Cyan update installed 7) User friendly interface 8) Camera has flash and auto-focus. 9) Decent battery life if you don't play games. 10) Phone build quality is very good and it is stylish too. 11) Earphone sound quality is excellent. 12) Comes with Data cable. Now a days some companies don't provide it. Cons 1) VGA (0.3 MP) front camera 2) Average or inconsistent camera. Sometimes it takes good photograph and sometimes it doesn't. 3) Lack of applications in Windows Store. You will find most of the popular apps. Microsoft is also trying to increase apps in Windows store and hopefully it will resolve this problem soon. 4) Require Wi-fi connection for downloading big files. 5) Not a dual sim phone
I ordered this phone around october 2014. I've been using this phone past 4-5 months and never had much to complain about. PRO(s) This phone looks stylish, fits perfect in hand. The camera of this phone is really great, although 5mp is only mentioned but still. The OS never lags or hangs. You can play many high-end games like asphalt easily without any lags or crashes. Battery Backup is really good. CON(s) The only con i found, since i have to mention is the sound of the speaker is quite low compared to others. But if you insert headphones then the speaker quality doesn't really matter. Overview: You can go for this phone without much doubt, as it has great value.It gives you more specifications in less price. Go for it..!! :)
I don't know how to say it...There is no words to express it..I'm sure there is no phone with these many features under 17k... Main Features are: *Supports 4G (There is no phone under 17k) *Offline Navigation (Exceptional feature only belongs to Lumia series) *4.7inch screen(enough to view Videos) *Supports HD videos(1080p) with ease *HD(1080/30fps) Video Recording *Good build Quality with Attractive colours to choose *Awesome battery(2000mah) Backup...(Lasts more than 1 day even full internet browsing and Video Streaming) *Good Camera(flash) quality...Many of them says that Nokia phone's camera is worst...But truth is they didn't know how to use it... *Only 512mb RAM...But no one will blame Microsoft for that...Bcoz there is no lag even we playing games like Temple Run,Asphalt 7 etc.. *There are Many apps to choose From Windows store(not many as in Play store) *Have secondary camera....Is it enough???? Only Draw back is....it will heat up when we play high graphics games...Not too hot...It is common,but there will not be a perfect product...These are my Experiences after 30days usage...I got it at 9k..Really an awesome deal given by amazon...I'm sure u will love it...
This is a great phone. The screen size stands out. It is very slim and easy to hold. The reason to buy this should be that it is 4G enabled. It was 4G capable in the Indian market where Samsung and other leaders are just now thinking of introducing 4G enabled devices.
i bought this mobile a month ago... :-) Pros:- 1. Camera video clarity is so good that, you can take a mini film using that... Full HD support... i took hundreds of videos so far, they are crystal clear with large size... 2. Touch is so sensitive, soft & superb that, even if you keep your finger nearer without touching the screen, it responds... 3. It supports Apps like nothing is better than this... No issues... 4. 8gb RAM very good for Apps support... 5. Internet speed is very fast... never felt bored while surfing... cons:- 1. Sometimes it gets hanged up, the screen becomes large & irresponsive... we have to restart it then... i suggest my friends to buy this product... best product at this price range... :-)
I am in waiting mode.. i orderd d phone on 10 oct. And will deliver on 17th..ma first windows phone.. lot of expectation... waitingggggg... :) can any one tell is dis phone coming with windows 8.1 or windows 8 ?? In d spec it is 8 but some saying it is coming with 8.1
Excited and happy customer.. delivered as promised...Love the GREEN...nothing compares to this... a little difficult for Andriod users but it does not take much time for you to get attracted to this, Need to explore more.. No regrets.. Happy with the purchase.. :) :) :)
When the whole world cries android , android!!!... indeed one is expected to have significant compunction and inhibition when it comes to putting hard earned money on a windows phone whose production purportedly has been stopped. My case was no different. What clinched the decision was dhanteras deal...got it at 6999!!! Now coming to performance. Internet even on docomo 2g is blazing fast! Better than Crapsung Lagdroid phones. Nice UI. Reasonably OK rear camera for the price and a stamina battery. Just the rite screen size 4.7 inch!! Nice feel and premium look with 8gb internal and 4G enabled!!! Go for it... Thanks Amazon for the packing which rivals Flipkart!! Only grouse that the shipment got delayed.. maybe due to festival rush?
PROS very good phone. runs smoothly! battery backup is just fine .. have been using it for three months . good experience ....perform better with 512mb ram than most of the android phones with 1 gb ram CONS the UI of windows just sucks ....... the apps of nokia store are mostly buggy, file manager of windows is absolute crap,morever the front camera is very very bad. u just cant click a single pic in low light and moderate light. the device overheats by simply using whatsapp or internet explorer :( less availability of apps.... even though it has gorrilla glass 3 my screen shattered into pieces in just one fall that too from my bed..... and nokia store ask 45000 for the screen....... more than half of the original price!!! ,
its a handy phone. Works real fast. Got it at 8k so its cheaper than a lot of other phones. ++ service centers and support are well available unlike the micromax, lava and even motorolas of the world. So if theres a problem, theres someone to help around speed of processing is real good. Basix are all there - texting, voice qualitys good, large icons - all there. -- Couln't figure out how to load google maps on it. Nokia maps couldn't even find radisson hotel for me. It led me to a slum and then insisted that its radisson. Camera is just DULL. Hardly any sharpness in the images. When you upgrade to the Win 8.1, it tends to hang. It works fine without the upgrade so just avoid the constant begging to upgrade.
I got it with a daily deal at an unbeleivable price (approx 8000).. This is my first phone in windows.. Excited to use it. As an long day android user, i feel little difficult on using UIs. But it's very stylish in look and to use. Got 8.1 update when i switched it on for first time. Few things to share: 1. UI graphics are awesome. 2. Speed one. 3. Listening Songs with good headphones will give nice experience. 4. Nokia store is ok. missing very few famous android app's here. But they are keep on adding.. 5. Camera is just an average. Anyway we cant expect more with 5MP. 6. Battery is far more better than Android phones. Expecting Amazon's Diwali Dhamaka.
The product is awesome as expected, the touch is simply awesome, good screen resolution. The only thing which I am not convincing is the transit time it has taken (16 days from Thane to Vizag) to reach us, apart from this I have no complains on this.
this is an excellent product, given the cost and the time it was actually launched...even though it has 512MB of RAM, Windows Phone makes sure it is no less to use...the experience is fluid and runs smoothly, most major supported games run awesomely on this phone...the camera is pretty good and the screen size is pretty good for watching movies...those who say that they dont have file managers or something which Androids like Samsung and Sony have, then I would like to tell that Windows Phone does not come with bloatware from the manufacturer and that you can well find File manager from Microsoft and third parties, free as well as paid...Windows Phone is the best platform and this phone truly serves the cost...
There is a black shade on the bottom of the screen. It will shown if you had put your phone theme as a light mode.... not happy with this item.... suspected that it was new or not...can't say..but in new phone i don't like this screen issue.....
Waste of money. Only . whether u purchased in discount sale or original price tag.
I give 70% out of 100% on Design user interface , and another good thing in the lumia 625 is ram memory is very small capacity but the phone never got hang ,that means u never feel like slow processing and another good thing is that BATTERY Back up ,i think Nokia is the one phone which provide a long back up , in my uses i never seen like that back of any phone . Demerits are you can't find a lot apps like android phone and also another thing is that some feature of that phone is not working properly like E-mail service some time response abnormally that means it show u mail send successfully but actually the amail is not send, and other some of the feature are very difficult to use..
its a amazing deal from amazon.i have got the new mfd dated phone October 2014 with windows 8.1 update.the phone is working perfectly without any complaints till now. this is my 6 th lumia 625 phone from amazon...great amazon love it
It was mentioned 8GB Internal Memory but what is received is 4GB Internal Mobile. "Windows 8 (Windows 8.1) with 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 dual core processor, 512MB RAM and 8GB internal memory expandable up to 64GB"
Awesome phone at this price, hangs a little sometimes but resumes instantly.
Very nice phone. After using of 7 days, no a single leg seen ever in-spite of having 512 mb of REM. Nice display, Camera, Battery backup. Overall perfect phone at perfect price, only 7499. Thanks to Amazon
Absolutely no complains. Have been using this for two months now and simply loving it. Feel of the touchscreen is great and is very responsive. Descent battery life and stylish. Easy to use user interface.
It was an amazing phone to use...no doubt.....But: I bought my phone on 12 Oct,14 and on the morning of 11 Dec,14 my phone was DEAD....in just 2 MONTHS of purchase The Nokia Care people are saying that there is some fault in hardware & it has to be sent to Delhi and it will take 25 DAYS!!! to repair Now whats the point of buying a branded phone when you are not able to use it on Christmas and New Year!!! Think before u buy the phone ..u can google on the issue also & u will see the reality... Although it's a great phone but such events makes the relibility of Nokia utterly questionable!!!!!
Its been 2 days i'm using The New Lumia 625 bought from amazon.in -> univercell About the Phone As i have mentioned in the title it is actually The BADA Screen Phone 1. with 4.7" The phone looks BiG (even higher-end devices will fail with its appearance) 2. 8GB Internal Memory 512MB RAM (No hung problem, have faced only once that too not because of the phone, its because of the other App). 3. 7GB Skydrive Free - Seriously if you have Internet then you can use the Skydrive to store files in the cloud and access it anywhere. 4. No File Explorer - not Nokia's fault. But Microsoft's fault. even in higher end devices like Lumia 1020, 1520 they don't have File Explorer :'( after ordering of lumia 625 my friends shared me this info. 5. Free Movies download+watch for 90 days Offer - again if you have 3G with unlimited data pack then its worth (Bollywood, Hollywood, Kollywood, Tollywood, and more) even you can connect to wifi to download these movies. 6. as every one complain about the ringer volume it set 13/30 by default (i.e., after reboot of your device it reset to default) 7. Internet sharing is good (only via wifi hotspot, not via cable or bluetooth internet sharing) 8. Lumia 625 gets the GDR2 update. (after purchase you need to check for new update) 9. Best Apps you need to download "Lumia updater" this app shows list of required apps for all the Lumia Family. 10. Camera i never used it full , since its been only 3 days and never captured much. But you can try all different camera apps provided by Nokia. 11. No City Lense App for Lumia 625, because the app requires "Compass" which Lumia 625 Does not have. 12. Sync of mails, contacts, images from Facebook, Outlook(IMAP/POP), 13. IE10 and no other major browsers supported (its for all Lumia family), UC Browser is available for download.
I got this phone on 18th october, after 1 month now i am suffering from display issue .. Right bottom is getting darker, and also seems like LED leakage, no one is listening neither Amazon nor nokia . Believe me guys plz... Don't buy this phone from amazon. They are making fool to coustomers by selling defective phones in such a low cost. I am regreting myself decision to buy this phone
Realty its a gud mobile guys, for range of 13000 rupees and the working speed us also great, its Os is quit complicated, but better than android, and( Samsung).box it doesn't hang much
At the time I have booked my mobile in amazon it is just only 13300 with in two days I got mobile on my hand , nice mobile some people are saying there is hanging problem in nokia Lumia 625 I think they wont close their application properly after the use.. nice choice for the money
Good battery back up, screen clarity, gorilla glass, smooth touch and very good camera with auto focus. . . .
I am looking for Nokia Lumia 625 on various stores, but due to clean billing and good price differentiation force me to buy from amazon.
My first WP...Quiet satisfied! Especially Nokia music and their camera apps.. Almost all important apps are aavailable on the store..
just loved this phone it is much better than the "super" expensive android phone I was using. Only thing that it lacks is dual sim support, otherwise the phone is awesome.
Loved to use it...definitely have to purchase nokia lumia 625 .black colour ( met finish ) looks owsome ... ..
Nice, fast handy phone with elegant design good processing speed and camera is ok not too good need more apps
I was looking for smart phone around 15K and screen size of 5inch, reviewed both android and windows option. Finally selected Lumia 625 because best offer from Amazon and using this phone for last one week. Even though it has dual core process with 512Mb ram I don't noticed any lag or slowness. Pros: 1 touch screen is smooth. 2 don't see any slowness while playing games like angry birds or Temple run. 3 web browsing is fast enough tested with 2G, 3G and wireless. 4 battery last for the day ( 1 hour offline GPS, 1 - 2 hour browsing, 1 - 2 hour game) 5 most of the required apps are freely available. Radio mix for song. HERE Maps which can work offline. 6 Front and rear camera, Led flash, Camera is ok to use in day light 7 4.7 inch display, easy to carry and handle. Cons: 1 Not sure if anyone is getting same problem, seems to be phone has a light leak problem. Noticed blakness on bottom right hand area with brightness kept in Auto mode during low light condition. Similar thing mentioned about it here [...] 2 headphone supplied is not upto the mark. 3 Volume control problem - there is no seprate setting for music and call.
Camera with different modes which gives great photos even in low light. Very sensitive touch even after wearing gloves we can use it. The processor which gives unstopable experience from apps,games,HQ videos.
This was the great offer where none of the suppliers has been in the competition and the product is good
I had seen your company operation in us and I liked the way people were getting things at door step.similar thing is happening here and added to it you have COD.it is very good best wishes swaminathan
I use this phone mainly for emails and it works like a charm. The responsiveness is simply great. While I had read about responsiveness (or lack of it) on android phones - I really came to know what this means - when I used an Android phone for about a couple of months. While in theory it seems to be a non-issue - who cares whether the phone responds a second later or so, in reality - this is really annoying. Hence Windows addresses responsiveness in a really good manner. The contacts app is also good which gives integrated view of your contacts (however, needs small improvements, see below). The lack of apps is something everyone talks about. For me - the few games which are available are good enough (I really liked Rail Rush! Though I am not a games fan). The email application is truly well done. The best part is the suggestions that appear when you start typing. Though I disliked touch screen phones - the keyboard on this phone is really good and the together with the suggestions the job of writing emails is a breeze. There is one issue though - at times - one need to enter a space before completing a word - whereas most of the time, the phone does the job correctly (when you click on a suggestion). I find the email client to be much better than an iPhone (I have used iPod touch briefly). There are a few areas of improvements - 1. Battery life - seems to be an issue with Windows Phones. This definitely needs improvement - though the phone does last a day. 2. Search button - search button on the right is an annoyance and not sure Microsoft is so stubborn about it. 3. Contacts - Should open in Search mode by default - one has click on the search icon and then click on the Search box in order to start keying in the contact details in order to search. Further - clicking on "Enter" icon on the keyboard results in - Nothing - which is surprising. One has to click on a "search contacts" label in order to complete the search. Which is something that can definitely be improved. 4. Orientation lock - something that is fixed in Windows Phone 8.1 - not yet available on Lumia 625 - which is odd/surprising for a phone that is so new. However, overall I think the phone is truly value for money and a great buy.
i just love my lumia 625. it has many popular inbuilt apps. every single app is soo useful and works really fast. the features of this phone is worth its cost and i would love to give it 10 stars:-)
really a fantastic mobile which i ever used. im a android user before. but all android phone is same oly diff is the price n camera n screen size. but widows dosent. its jus excellent. nokia 625 is rock solid and dosent hang n lag.. multi-tasking is terribly smooth. no matter d ram size is 1.2ghz gives super fast exp. decent camera. day by day upgrading apps in store.. windows mbl really a user frndly. battery stands 1 and half day of normal use and 1 day of heavily used :-p.. internet in 2g is express. if u plan to buy lumia 625. jus close ur eyes n buy it.. thank u nokia-windows-frnds.
Nice windows Phone Awesome Performance and good camera
10 stars for mobile. i loved this mobile , bought for 8999/- from Go for computers, but second day, i observed that there is LED leakage in the bottom of the display . and also right bottom is darker than other area of the display. understood their is some display issue.. also read other people having same problem. are all pieces of this series faulty? is this is why they are selling for such low price. plz reply if you have same issue
good one better than any windows phone below 11000 as it was launced at around 20000 so specs are really far more better than any other windows competitor. But honestly the ppi is a bit too low for this price range . and of course as it is in the case of every windows phone only purchase it if you not an explorer as for that android is best with better apps and better flexible software framework . But if you want a simple multimedia multitasking stable phone you go for it . Or you can also consider lumia 638 in windows section with the same current selling price range.
Had many defects. Fist time I saw a Windows Phone that is hanging. Memory slot had some defect. it was not reading the card even though the card was new. Power switch is also defective.
this phone is a good phone...no doubt,but after a few wait for days it finally arrived and received a screen cracked phone,im not sure if im ready to order another phone from this site
awesome phone with good features. Screen is very good its 4.7inch well visible in daylight also good battery life also, used all day with data on and wifi at night still there was battery left. very good speaker performance as well. I'm a Android user after that it was a welcome change for me. initial windows 8 was little slow when i updated to 8.1 it was awesome and smooth as silk. Camera performance both front and rear are very good with the use of nokia camera application you can manually control every thing. Overall its a 5 star phone
i got this ph from amazon after using 2 hr i observed that there is some problem in the display.The right bottom part of the disply apper to be blackish compare to the other part.
The Price in which I got Nokia Lumia 625 is good. screen size, touch,camera quality & speed is gud. Updated the OS to windows8.1. Major drawbacks not many applications/games of level Adroids provides are not available. Another thing is I have to restart my mobile 2 times in last 10 days. Reason1) without any reason, Font becomes so large that password screen shows only 6 numeric at a time. Reason2) Graphics over lower save button, dial button distracted and not recognizable. So after restart problem resolved. It needs a OS/Graphic update.
I loved this mobile , bought for 7999/- from Go for computers (Deal of the day) , but second day, i observed that there is LED leakage in the bottom of the display . and also right bottom is darker than other area of the display. there is a big problem of LED leakage from the mobiles purchased from GO FOR COMPUTERS. also read other people having same problem. are all pieces of this series faulty? is this is why they are selling for such low price. plz reply if you have same issue (soudagar@live.com)
good, nice, bright phone loved it. thanks you amazon for bringing us the loved windows phone which i was planning from long time to get. finally got enjoying it.
I have bought this phone when it was launched for 20K , but unfortunately lost it .and i have used many phones while keeping that like i-phone 4S and many Sony , Samsung devices ! and what I realized this phone is just perfect for all condition (# sorry m not a gaming person! i hardly have installed any) but else for every experience you can never say a word as CONS . this is a perfect phone ! just its camera is bit lower , else i bet what you can use you can even get the same experience like any phone even I-phone 6!
Nice phone. Bought it 2 days back in amazon for Rs. 6400 during lightening deal. Good value for money. Only drawback is that the camera quality is not very superior!
Very good phone from Nokia no lags even with 512 mb ram. Best phone over android. Just the price slashed from 15k to 8k in just 3 months. I bought this for 15k....
I have ordered from amazone.Since i purchased it it is having hanging problem.Now its one month old and i can not return to amazone its a reguler problem.A product which is just one month old and problem like this is not acceptable.I am sure these are not geniun products.i have not seen such a poor performance of any mobile in just one month.will request amazone to kindly contact me or take this back.so kindly do not buy online in you are looking for a quality product specially technical products.
The software is not stable. You will get to experience the instability as you use the product. It has great features that other phone at this price range doesn't even near. The personal assistant (Cortana) is simply amazing. Screen brightness is low even at the maximum capacity. Battery life is good. Audio quality is good. Build quality is good. I play asphalt 8, hungry shark evolution etc with no lags. Phone is smooth and no lags. Overall a great product at this price range. I got it for 7499.
Been using this 625 for over a year n I have no worries n issues to communicate. It is working amazingly fine. No hangs no unwanted switch offs n ons. This piece is worth every bucks. Pura paisa vasool. 3G works like amazing, battery backup fine, resolution top class, camera wow, touch screen super, phone built material super smooth, sound quality perfect. Overall: Amazonians can buy it with confident (if u like win phones) No complains of any kind still after 1 yr of its use.
The phone was pretty much good. Being an Android user for more than 3 yrs and switching to windows was not that tough, but within a day the drawback started to appear. The battery was discharging every couple of hours and I had to find a charger every now and then. I had a very hard time plugging my phone to the charger all the time. And when I had to travel, my phone was switched off entire day as I couldn't keep the phone plugged in. I seriously doubt whether the battery put in this phone was a genuine one or not. When I contacted the Amazon customer care, the reply I got was a careless one. They dont have a replacement policy for this phone and I had to go for a refund and they will refund me only after some 7 working days. Now after replaceing my normal SIM with a micro SIM, again I have to run to my service provider for a normal SIM to use it in my present phone or I have to buy a new one which suits a micro SIM. Henceforth, I request both Amazon India and Nokia to look into this matter and not trouble your customers like this.
It's simply amazing.... Made a short film with this... Seriously good phone... Fell from 2nd floor still dint break ...bounced on steps.... Din't break... Weakness is when screen fals on a sharp edge it has chances of breaking.... Any phone has that... But seriously this is worth money.... Never hangs... Screen magnifies sometimes... And requires restart.... Note:i bought it in stores and not on Amazon, I am just sharing my experience with this phone... It's a good phone...
I bought the product for the discounted offer but the product is not behaving as expected. Everyone of my friends who are using Lumia 625 previously told me the product has huge battery life. But my experience is complete inverse of what they told. I did all the necessary software updates on the first day of purchase itself. I am not even getting 6 hrs of battery life with with moderate usage. Don't know what to do. All other functionalities seems to be normal.
Not a good product at all. Failed within 3 months of purchase. Furthermore, when I took it to the Nokia service center in Chennai, they said it was water logged, whereas the phone never touched water. In fact, it was not dropped even once too. I had to pay to get it repaired as they said the warranty had been voided. The screen also shows a dark patch on the bottom right hand side of the display. Do not buy even if you get it at throwaway price. It is a throwaway phone.
I absolutely j'adore it!!!! I have been using it for like a week and I am in love with my new phone. I'd say the battery life of the phone is quite good and the camera is amazing, the sound quality is also superb and so is the touch sensitivity... The only minus point in this phone is probably that it doesn't have that much of an internal memory but we can always expand it!!!! All in all 4/5 stars kind of a phone for someone who is not that much obsessed with apps :)
its an ok phone, windws OS needs a lot to catch up with android, many basic features like notification LED is missing, it has LED but do not blinks when message comes or u miss a call, u cant crop a ringtone directly from the songs list and set it as ringtone, u have to copy the ringtone from your computer and have to save it in a ringtone folder and then only you can use that file as a ringtone, so some basic features this phone or I must say the Windows OS lacks.
Both ways have to review. Advantages: very good looks and feel of holding it. windows phone compared to android phone, so we can logout of one gmail account to open other account, becomes very helpful if many family members using it. Flash give acceptable night picture. easy navigation Disadvantage: Pictures of Samsung galaxy S DUOS 2 better, mainly in dark Above is for simple user like me. I can't say of high end use.
Its my 3rd Lumia mobile. And its shipped with Lumia Cyan 8.1 latest Version. And its pretty smooth as other lumias. Display better than that of my Lumia 520 but not better than my Lumia 1320 under direct sunlight in Outdoors. Still readable Outdoors. But indoors its very good. Doesn't heat-up playing Asphalt 8. I always use class 10 Micro SD Card for smooth performance. Relatively big screen and feels solid. Good for everyday use. Always better than Android OS. Battery although has good backup, but certainly not accurate status. It needs to be charged even after 100% then the battery holds good and it doesnot drop for half of the day ad there after drops very fast like almost 20% per hour. Has anyone else facing the same issue?
Phone is good with big screen. I have few concerns wtih my phone. 1. Call gets disconnected sometime. disturbing sounds comes sometime 2. sometime you will see screen got burn't off on the corners. if you dont lock for long time. as the lights get off onthe corners. 3. No original spares are available in stores. 4. main issue is its DISCONTINUED MODEL. I realized it after purchase. But over all phone is good.
Nokia Lumia 625 (orange) Is Very good one .Charger found defect with in one day , please send me a new good charger or refund charger cost ..
Wonderful phone. very simple to user . Windows always great and wonderfull features. and price is very low. better than Apple I phone. & Android phones.. etc. The features what it provide not in any other phones.. Like to Link with Clout Drive, Skype, Hotmail etc all are digital world is interconnected.. also with Facebook and whats app. I have apple I phone also but I gave it to my son for playing games etc. I kept windows phone for my daily use.
Maybe you charged your phone million times .. I have used this phone for exactly nine months and the battery performance is still the same !! Managed to upgrade to 8.1 but not through WIFI. I did it through PC using "Nokia Software Recovery Tool" prog. Very big step and the only drawback I noticed since is the video app, it is rubbish, very very slow in exploring videos on your phone. video app in 8 Amper was much much better.
Nice phone.....cant compare with android phones......they are unique in their own way,Parallelly it is unique in its own way.....if you are a gaming lover better don't choose this....wana have a perfect smart phone with out high end games then no doubt its a right choice......only one draw back of its 512mb RAM,if it is at least 1GB then gaming couldn't been a problem think so.......but can say no android phone with 512mb RAM can work like this.....
Awesome. Much better than lumia 535 for daily use. the scrolling and animations are buttery smooth. And I love the design with CURVED Corning Gorilla in front. Amazing battery life. Nokia put in premium materials for this phone and you would feel it when you hold it. Heated up a little when running slightly heavy games, but I don't play games much. Perfect phone for casual day-to-day usage. I am thinking of buying another one for my-other-half.
Switching over from blackberry & android platform, Windows 8.1 experience on this device has been a pleasant surprise! Wonderful lag free OS. Nice & easy UI with live tiles. The only glitch the phone or for that matter the OS has, a lack of some fine apps like- the native Gmail & Aldiko-book reader. Otherwise awesome phone for a price range of 10k. BTW, these phones sold by Amazon are genuine & have legitimate warranty.
I bought this product on Oct 10 for 7999/- in flash sale! After ordering, when I read negative comments, I was so scared about the originality of this product. Now I am one happy consumer :) Product is 100% original and very happy with the product.. so far so so good... Display and Battery are awesome... Feel is very good! I am not a big fan of big screen, otherwise this is go for product for the prize 7999/- (After 10% cash back, price came around 7200/-). You can't ask for more :)
The Worst Experience i ever had with Nokia. 1. It hangs alot. 2. I had formatted it 4 times in 20 days. 3. Its screen size automatically get 4 times bigger and i have to restart it to make it normal. 4 Battery is good and camera is good. 5. WiFi connection issue came 3 times. 6. so overall not a smart purchase. 7 If any update of windows comes to improve all these then it will work well i guess so.
I WELL BY FOR MY HOLE FAMLY VERY GOOD PRICE
its a good product at a price for which i got @6999. i have been using Lumia 520 from past year now. if i compare my lumia 520 with Lumia 625 , i can quickly tell few points: 1- there is some display problem in my model(625) . there appears a bright light at the bottom line of the phone. (this problem is faced by other users also). although by changing screen brightness from auto to medium resolves the problem to some extent. 2- camera is average. in fact my lumia 520 camera performs better. 3- sound quality of speakers (handsfree) is poor than lumia 520. 4- apart from above mentioned cons the overall product is good. smooth touch, seamless windows OS, etc. i feel Amazon should check the source of these phones. A Q.C. checked phone from a reputed brand like Nokia should not have such problems.
If ur looking for a phone which looks stylish just to receive and make calls then only go for this. Its got only 512mb ram so as soon as download some apps it hangs and shuts down. Battery drains like crazy even in normal use without WiFi or data. Camera is again a big let down and the screen is not that great. At this price point this is a very expensive phone and zero value for money. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.
Switching to windows from android can be a bi tricky, The phone works seamlessly, no lags with a 512 MB ram, The camera is good and the best thing I dont have to carry a charger anymore. It gives power for the entire day if the battery is charged full. I would complaint only about the windows store, VLC costs RS. 160 and furher more has to be paid by credit card. So that is an off therein otherwise I would have given it a 5 star
Amazing phone by Nokia... Premium look... Big screen and strong... Will not break easily like other smartphones such as samsung and Micromax.....windows live tiles are awesome and fast... Plus not virus issues like Android...nokia has best camera
its really a nice phone if u wana go for windows :) specified with all the features apart compass app but it supports all apps and really good quality cam though its grainy when u zoom :/ apart these two minus points theres nothing that would disappoint u ! awesome battery life, HD video shoot ,awesome apps , image editors and few lens from store ...... if u r thinking to go for windows phone under 10k go for lumia 625 :)
I bought this phone during the Diwali time (Ligtening deal offer). The best deal so far. i am satisfied with the delivery of teh product. The mobile woks fine. If one is used to Windows OS, this ones is best in this range. I gifted this to my father who is a first time user of a smart phone, and is happy with the phone. I would recommend this phone and amazon for its service and the price as compared to other online sites :)
Great product from Nokia(MS). Works fine for any graphic intensive games. If nokia provides 1GB RAM for the same this would be best.
For the price of 8000 its a very good sturdy phone. I inquired its rate in the shops and its 15300. The soft ware and hardware seems to be very good and well built. It also depends on the piece u get. I ordered two phones from cloudtail shop on amazon. Both were good and new. I also ordered a Kenneth cole write watch and it was found to be used with a lot of scratches. Overall Lumia 625 is an excellent phone .
Amazing. order on Saturday night. Got on Monday afternoon. Initially I was a bit confused of using Windows Phone 8.1. 1. Camera clarity is good. 2. When you update the apps and phone to the new software, you'll see many improvements. 3. Music player didn't have slider. After update I got it. 4. Battery backup is good. 5. Sleek UI, better than Android's unresponsive UI.
The phone works pretty good. I did not find any lag in my first week of use. Pros -Decent battery backup(with 3G and WiFi use ~22hrs) -Average sun light readability and a decent display -Decent camera compared to previous phone(Nokia 500) -Good sound quality in earpiece and back speakers Cons -software needs many more updates if you are android lover -no otg support
once you hold it in ur hand... u start loving it.... this is amazing phone with most of the apps of andriod and nokia apps and xbox games... u love it..windows 8 latest version...sexy...dont think jst buy
I bought this phone on jan 27 for 7k. Phone working without any lags,performance overall OK..camera is very avg and the display too,if u have black background you may notice light leakage in the display,its quite frustrating, pros: *Big display *Solid finishing *4g connectivity Cons: *jus 201 ppi pixel density *Avg camera and display for 7000/- its a worthy buy,
Great screen, super fast ui. Big display. Good camera. All in all great value for money. Good color options. I chose white.
Smart phone at the reasonable price. But slow software,hangout and some funtion not user friendly. Overall good.
The only sad thing is i bought it at 8999 and after placing order it went down to 7999. was unable to cancel the order. can anyone help me regarding cancellation of paid order.
THE UNKNOWN THINGS BEFORE PURCHASE ABOUT NOKIA LUMIA 625 ARE 1) SINGLE SIM 2) NO SUPPORT FROM ALL VIDEO FORMATS 3) NO APPS POST PURCHASE BEHAVIOUR IS NO USER FRIENDLY, NOT SUPPORTING SOME KINDS OF VIDEO AND AUDIO FORMATS, NO GOOGLE CHROME. ITS OK WITH THE OFFER PRICE BUT WITH THE SAME PRICE OR BELOW TO THIS OFFERED PRICE MICROMAX IS GIVING THE BEST WITH ALL FACILITIES
The most remarkable thing about lumia 625 is its battery backup. It has an excellent battery backup. The camera clarity is not very good. It's average. If you've been a smartphone user, you'll probably notiice that after taking one or two shots. Although it is is full HD (1080p) camera, still my HTC HD7 with 720p camera takes better shots than this phone and the difference is totally clear. All other things work great. windows phone 8.1 works smoothly on this device. Apps do not hang, Super sensitive touch, good audio quality, descent screen size, and works wonders when combined with windows phone 8.1.
It is a nice phone. adequately sized Nice to hold and look at 5mp camera is sufficient gor day to day use and scanning documents. 4g compatibility Camers led flash Ultra sensitive screen Cons Speaker sound quality is just average Camera Photo colours are less natural Screen to body ratio could have been improved.
A very good mobile considering the price, I brought it for around 6500.. Good performance, Large Display Screen,
Worth buying. Update to windows 8.1 for better functioning. Very nice camera n battery backup. But little slow for multitasking compared to new devices due to 512mb ram. Not much of problem. Very use full for daily purpose who wants all basic functins- good battery, camera, windows office, what's app n browsing. Much better than android phones in this price range.
great buy at Rs 7,500...absolute steal ! phone is superb...lumia 625 rocks .android is boring,time for windows.
Excellent Phone, was delivered before ETA. Just that i have started using it after 2 weeks & found display towards bottom right to be faulty. However, when tried to report the same, the site flashed a message that this should be reported within 10 days of receipt of the phone. See if there is something that can be done to have my phone replaced.
i got it 7999 at .working fine .sometime getting hang .but my friend got the same phone at 14k he has no issue
If you click the link below and successfully complete your first purchase (excluding Gift Cards) worth Rs.300 or more, we will send you a Rs.100 Amazon.in Gift Card (Issued by Qwikcilver) 30 days after the order is shipped. for new users. https://amazon.in/gp/join-and-earn?encoding=UTF8&ref=mrp_refl_cp_clbd_ind_snp_lnd&refcust=LE5VLPZUQ6MCU4QLXFAGEIPUYI
The phone has a great built quality which is obviously expected from Nokia..the camera is average but its ok for the price bracket that i bought it for.. The battery life is also good. It last for a day on average use. The only thing bad about the phone is that it has 512mb ram because of which u cant get many of the HD games. Otherwise the phone is very nice..
Shipped in time but the phone was defective, also the code for accessing wi-fi (which is a sticker attached to the back of the phone package) free for 3 months powered by O-Zone networks was already scratched. The sim card slot doesn't work. Got a new micro SIM from carrier (airtel) specifically for this phone. Just shows SIM error after the phone is switched on. Waiting for refund from amazon, returned in just 1 day. IMEI No-356689051814184.
Microsoft deliver always a great user experience in term of windows phone. I buy this phone for my busines use and this give me value for money. Strong battery life, perfect mail syncing and contact option, 1000 of apps, XBox integration and an amazing touch responsiveness made it perfect device in between 8-9K. Really worth it and value for money device.
one earpiece in headphone stops working suddenly.issue resolve after restarting the device.happens once in 2 days Display is not brilliant it mostly has scars and really bad in sunlight Device is slim but changing sim is pain in a ass. Camera quality is poor ,low light it is even worst. images only looks good in photo album of the device on PC it looks heavily pixelated. not good. operating system looks like college project not at all user friendly only show of tiles nothing else. i recommend all to don't waste your money.
nice good deal. One same phone I purchased from outlet 16000/ same product amzon sold in very low price!!!
yeh ! its good but the only thing that found lacking is the camera quality. pictures taken by rear camera lack brightness in them. otherwise it's very good. no lack or heat up problems. feel quite satisfied. Although other companies provide much more features within the same price range but the quality of hardware that nokia provides is un match-able.
the phone is superb in the given price. but i experienced an unexpected experience with it. it fall from the table and front touch panel digitizer got damaged completely, its just 20 days old phone. i speak to nokia they are saying it will cost minimum around 2800. i hope if nokia have any policy to repair or replace such damage at discounted rate.
The product i have received from amazon was faulty . It was not starting up and the battery was damaged
mobile nokia lumia 625 is very good product. It's super sensitive touch gives gleefull experience. It operates on windows 8.0 OS which is upgradeable to windows 8.1. It has 5.0 MP camera which clicks very good quality of pics, but the digital zoom is limited. It's records good HD quality of videos. nokia lumia 625 overall is a very good product.
Pros : Excellent touch screen technology. Screen and phone is of very good built quality. No lags. Great apps : Free movies and unlimited songs- Just download them. Maps are always great. Cons: I was unable to connect this phone to Windows 7 PC. It seems very difficult. I had to buy a wifi router.
just one word..........awesome
Wonderful Phone at Wonderful Price. As usual great services by Amazon. No body can match overall performance of Amazon in India.. Good Phone, reasonably good camera, good size. One of the best option for Windows mobile. Windows Phone plateform has its own merits and demerits as compared to Ios or Android. Its fast and battery life is good.
i bought this in diwali dhamaka offer for 9000 Rs. For this price this its really good. only problem i am facing is speaker because while speaking sometime automatically voice increasing and decreasing, also sometime some abnormal sound is coming. I dont know why this occurs?I need check with service centre. Apart from that all very good.
Received a defective piece. WiFi disconnects frequently. Gets heated just after unlocking the phone.
Just Received My Nokia Lumia 625 Green, May Be Its Too Early To Judge A Gadget Bt I Found The Look Is Just Amazing And Colour Too.. Superb Phone, Slim And Gorgeous. Packaging Was Not Good And Got A Late Delivery But Other Than That NOthing To Say Much About The Phone, Standing At Such A Price Point Its Apsolutely Good Value For Money.
A very nice Windows smartphone with a Office 365 suite. I bought one last year and its good performance and looks impressed my wife and she has also purchased the same. Recommended smartphone in the under 10K range. Amazon supplied it within a week. Easy to unpack and get it going. Only difficulty is finding a good flip case for it.
The touch screen is not very sensitive , Its ok for a start up phone - nothing too fancy about it.
Worst piece I think manufactured by Nokia . Still using it because of the price for which I got this mobile phone. They don't have even replacement policy where flipkart is better when compared to Amazon. My friend bought same model through flipkart it works fine and satisfied with the performance of the phone which he is having .
Nice Mobile..worth to buy this product. Pros: Processor speed is good compare to android mobiles. Screen size is big..really good to see movies in this mobile. Camera quality is fine. Cons: limited apps available Battery consumption is not good... Suggested to buy this mobile
Great deal @ 6200 What you can expect at this price....no bug like android phone...fast and smooth...soft touch.. Only problem is you cant play you tube ...its always showing error...not only in my phone but in every nokia 625 has same issue that's why they clear stock in very low price....best for normal use.....thanks
Bought it for 8999....condition isn't as great as expected...generally we don't see windows mobiles getting hanged...this piece gets auto reset very frequently especially when u use video mode...might b a bug only for this phone but surely I can see this is a faulty piece hence d cost....anyways not at all a bad choice...
The phone is really value for money , the touch screen sensitivity is out of the world experience, looks wise you cannot beat the phone . There is a misconception that windows phone doesn't work as good as android phone in terms of apps but i can bet you there is no such difference in both the operating version.
i purchase at 7999/- in diwali offer, it was delvered after 7 days, because i choose for free delviery. It was delvered in good condition. Very slim phone, feels value to money if purchase in 8000/-. good battery back-up, I found the same very good with Windows 8.1. Limitaions in managing notifications + Actions.
It was nice .. Divice was safely brought to me thanks amazon for your great piece of work... Coming to device working it was simply superb reached my expectations completely satisfied with windows... All accessories were good working.. . thanks Lumia thanks windows thanks amazon.... . Nagaram Avinash
After recieving the product we went to the market to get softwares installed. When we enquired about the product in the market , we came to know that Nokia 625 is a discontinued product in the market , The sense of hurt is too much. Kindly follow with the suppliers about the same. Madhav Thakur
I got this phone for just 9000, really its an amazing jaw dropping price, excellent mobile with great features / very good packaging quality by amazon, only one issue is delay in delivery it took almost 16 days, anyway product is good i love it, thanks to amazon for this excellent product with amazing price.
best phone, using it from last year without any problem. after 8.1 update its more awesome. here one people said why all colour variant have different price, because amazon has different sellers. you should thanks amazon for selling this phone at such low price. and about the heat problem, actually it is not heat. it is just little warm, that is not a problem. every lowend smartphone warms when we play highend game for longtime.
Bought this phone during the diwali season for around 9000.Delivery was right on time with good packaging.phone was initially loaded with windows 8.but easily got updated to 8.1.camera works fine with a decent 5 megapixel.phone has great features for this price range.overall a great phone in this range.
Phone hardware is good but window sucks using this phone for past 6 months after this much time I can say window sucks u ll cry if u buy windows phone all apps are fake only few one are average there. Android is 1000 time better than windows so just go for any other good android phone or go for IPhone
Excellent phone with superior built quality and good hardware configuration.The phone comes with preinstalled Windows 8.1.Good battery backup,4G connectivity, light sensors, front camera, flash etc make the phone really awesome. .......Thanks to AMAZON.IN & CLOUDTAIL for delivering the phone on time
Purchase same phone at 11500 at http://hyderabad.olx.in/nokia-lumia-625-brand-new-box-seal-not-broken-box-unopened-iid-726286807?invite=CRMad-approved-in_item_text&a=99&utm_source=crm_email&utm_medium=email&utm_content=item_text&utm_campaign=ad-approved with 1 year warranty and unopened piece
The phone works well. But on the concern side, the pixel density is a little less, so not as sharp as a 720 or even 520 (due to small screeen of 520) Bought from 'Go for computers' at abt 10000/- but the phone is genuine with NOKIA india warranty. Camera is okay, works fine in good lighting.
waste phone.. went dead in 3 months. visited nokia care twice now. working as of now.
Awesome phone. I got this for my dad and was hoping that the product was fine and not damaged as I got it for Rs 7200/-. Firstly, great super fast delivery by Amazon., It was delivered in 3 days. I looked at the phone and everything looked fine. To get this phone at this price was a big deal...
The Phone is Ok, Good at this Price. But Amazon is selling all the defective pieces, the screen is leaking. I see a dot on the bottom of the screen. I have seen reviews where others also complain the same... screen has a dot. Mobile wise it is a Good Phone at Best Price.
return...b'ze display problem....dark spot at right bottom....but speed was great...touch was amazing...its without physical contact.......camera fine.....battery backup better than other smartphones....amazone delivery bad performnce 1st time... windows is great....nokia is always best....
Lumia 625 is 8k is the best bargain you can get in the current scenario. Phone is stable, work smoothly and doesn't lag a bit. On top of that it will get lumia Cyan update. Better option than Lumia 630. I would recommend this to everyone. This is the best buy phone and VFM
Dear friends, I'm an android user but want to try a hand on Windows UI, I liked the phone but I'm having a doubt whether commonly used apps are available free or not in windows store because I don't want to waste money purchasing UI. I would be glad if some user tells me about this.
Brilliant phone. The best phone that I have owned so far. I bought this phone during Amazon's Dhanteras Festival at 6999 only!!! Though its MRP is 17999. By afternoon the price rose to 15239, so I was lucky to get it at such an incredible price. Big screen, fast, etc. Etc.
Nokia Phones are absolutely horrible, there are lot of feature issues. Once you start using it you will realize that you are stuck due to the whims of the Windows phone manufacturer. I had been using Android Phones and now realize its a mistake to buy windows phone. Totally waste.
awsm phone as compare to other site and according to price with a lot of features
As i think all the phones OF 8999 are faulty. all have the same problem. To check it please go to battery saver mode then settings then ON then now until next charge. After that go to a dark place and press power button multiple times. You will just find the problem.
Lumia screen touch is good/ camer quality is not good other then nokia product/ processor is slow/hang each time// i am worried my phone hang and switch off //afterwards i am returning this product/// ??????? so plz.... i recommended you have not take ar isk
I have returned this item.I do not like Microsoft OS and Browsing is a nightmare
i purchased this phone just to have a change from the android interface...and this phone it really worked with an amazing quality... its the awesone nokia lumia series phone with all the features and required specification the place where it lacks is its 512MB ram rest all is awesome...nd with an upgrade to windows 8.1 its far far better than android
Good phone I receive this product two week ago.packing very good by amazon.Item guanine .camera good .over haule a goog product I am happy with phone.I recommended all friends and viwers to purchase this product harass free with amazon and save more money . Thanks all amazon team.
The Phone looks elegant, works smoothly, touch is superb, surfing with 3G is so fast but the product which i received has some manufacturing defects like heating up so much, there's a black shadow appears in right bottom & in left bottom few LED's looks like they are leaking.
This is nice phone with cool look.  Handy for windows phone lover, operates well, support lot of applications, camera clarity is also good but the drawback is not supported with android apps to share anything & it won't allow you to personalise your data and themes.
Surprised to see that 8.1 installed out of box. My friend and my self order the same product on the same day from the same seller. But my mobile came with 8.1 installed, and his mobile came with 8.0. No compliant with OS as I was using 520 for more than a year.
Was a lucky deal for me. Never thought that I will get such a nice phone at such a lower price. But the phone is getting very hot don't know for what reason and battery drains out fully. But for the price I got, I am satisfied. Unhappy with the packaging. Thanks Amazon.
worst supplier, delayed delivery, the device is having lot of issue with display ,ambient sensor not working etc. never go with this seller. my friends also purchased same phone form same seller all the phone has the same kind of issues. waste of money..8k.
Excellent product by Nokia and best service by Amazon with best price under lightening deal. Windows OS is a worth a try and its way better and reliable in functionality then Android and Nokia as always can be trusted for their hardware and design of their product.
Amazing experience with windows 8.1 Fresh stock updated with 8.1 so there is no issue for updating. This is my first smart phone and I m completely satisfied with it's features Thank You Amazon for bringing this phone at lower price So amazing
I got It for an amazing price of 8k. It has warranty. Can't ask anything more Be careful when u upgrade it to 8.1 there have been reports of phone/ OS crashing. and even some features stop functioning. Timely delivery of AMAZON is also commendable!!!
The product's amazing. The price is also very reasonable. Look is refreshing. 4.7 inch display makes it worth the money. Just the resolution is a bit disappointing. Updating it to 8.1 makes it look and work better. Overall-- a product totally worth your money.
Its OK phone. Others Mobiles within this range has much more good featues. only Nokia brand it has. Its back has broke just after two impacts while my other phone from Karbonn still strong after so many fall. Body is not so strong. Display quality is average.
Amazing phone with its amazing features. Outstanding battery backup...this is the smartphone i am looking for with amazing battery life...I used to charge once and it will keep charged for approx. 2 days....Screen is also amazing and not much large of size...
This product saved my money I purchased this at price ₹8999+ 10% cashback offered by sbi n amazon, so this product at very cheap price ₹8100, total saving ₹6000 from other e-commerce website. Device is is nice , camera nice quality, recommended product.
I bought it on a good deal from Amazon. Packaging was delivered in good condition on committed delivery date. Amazing phone, very good camera, good battery life. I don't think of any other cons about this phone except the fact that it comes with Single sim.
I found some white spots in mobile display, it is really very upsetting thing while shopping via online and don't know how to change my mobile. Online products are not come for free of cost, we are spending money so we should expect the qualities on that.
I got this phone installed OS with win8.1.But as per this phone specification it should have win8. So I have a doubt this phone was used by someone before me. And In display edges the LED glowing visibly. I am not satisfied with this product.
Prices are very good but i am little disappointed, within a month Rs.1500 was reduced for the same Lumia 625 Orange, Data Cable is absolutely not use it just like a Charger cable from PC it's not a Branded one if you could replace that i really happy
I am not happy with the Device at all. First of all the screen has dark visible spots. Around the corners. Secondly its heating very badly. Third the screen glass is coming out from the corners. Plus Amazon has fantastic international policies. Amazon has best customer service in India.
good ,decent phone .its just mid range lumia ,got it in the diwali week for 9k every thing was perfect there was no lag while running the apps, dont think that ram is short it plays most popular games like subway,sixguns,templerun2 etc without lag
Order was delivered within 24 hours of placing it. Product is value for money. I am new to Windows 8 otherwise the software is also good. The touch response for the screen and in particular the physical keys as very good. Screen resolution is good.
The Phone is Ok, Good at this Price. But Amazon is selling all the defective pieces, the screen is leaking. I see a dot on the bottom of the screen. I have seen reviews where others also complain the same... screen has a dot. Mobile wise it is a Good Phone at Best Price.
Ordered on 10th Oct 2014, not got till 3rd Nov 2014. Finally need to call 3 times and help of social networking to initate my refund. Thnak God!! got my money back..............about product don't know in which part of world it is in Transit
Extremely good phone except the fact that windows store provides a little less number of apps than ios or android.. Good camera...works very smoothly..battery backup also is satisfactory..Best phone in budget than any other android phones!
Better screen resolution would have definitely gone a long way with this phone.. Otherwise no complaints..Also limitations on transfer of video / audio files ... Bigger display makes it comfortable for the older people to use more comfortably.
Good phone having diffferent experience after android not for every one some features are missing on comparing with android and 5MP camera is not upto the mark because night quatily is worst but i dont use camera so much that's y its ok for me
Adv. * Design * Screen size * Excellent Battery life * Windows Apps and Updates . Dis adv * Worse camera * Memory too less * Automatically turnsoff and wont turn on until re insertion of battery .
There is a problem with phone, the phone right bottom corner screen having black spot. I think, somebody returned that item regarding this issue and again you people send to me. I called to you for replacing mobile but you people not agree.
Best under this budget no lags, butter smooth, outdoor camera is super, regular updates, not like an android phone where we have to buy a new phone to get the latest version. If you dont have a budget to buy iPhone just go for windows phone.
Best build and better quality. hard to find in that unbelievable price range. Touch quality is incomparable. only lack is that you will not find as much application as you find in play store. WP store has limited collection of needful apps.
I ordered Nokia Lumia 625 (Black) from Go For Computers for just Rs. 8999/-. Clarification:- First of all I would like to clarify that the problem in display which is highlighted by some of the reviewers is a very minor defect & if you search on-line the issue exists in Lumia 625 sold everywhere. Frankly speaking it is really a minor issue which you can only observe when the brightness is set to high & totally black background picture is displayed. Pros: 1. Excellent Battery life, it lasts 2 days for normal usage on wifi (not tested on cellular network). 2. Smooth UI (Android users will notice that instantly). 3. You receive latest updates. 4. Camera Applications by Microsoft are awesome. 5. Awesome build Quality 6. Great Entertainment device because of 64 GB expandable memory & awesome battery life. Cons: 1. Low Screen Resolution 480 x 800 (but to be fair the price is also) 2. 4G is disabled after you update with Cyan 3. No Glance Screen for 625 as it has LCD display. But for the price of upto 12k its the best phone in market if you are not an hardcore android fan.
After reading almost 200 + reviews from various websites, i have decided to go ahead with the Nokia Lumia 625. First thing to appreciate is the delivery from amazon. I had opted for one day delivery and the same was done even under tough environment. ( Heavy rains and floods were there in the city and amazon delivery team kept the promise by delivering on time even under natural calamity threats) The positive things about the product can be found through various threads. 100 % agreed to that and nothing more to discuss. There were lot of negative comments regarding display resolution, camera quality , eco system etc. According to me, Nokia as a brand has done only one mistake by not having 1 GB RAM. All other CONS are due to MICROSOFT only. The following are the negative comments reviewed in various sites. my views are on the same are below. 1) Display - the resolution is not as bad as it was commented. You wont feel like a 400 x 800 display. The touch is super sensitive . The view under bright light is also excellent. Still if people complain about resolution, Amazon might require to sell a micro scope along with the phone to prove that resolution is bad.( Take it guys - you feel that resolution is good and the tiles animations are superb) The touch sensitivity is awesome, battery life is really good when compared to any android devices. ( No unwanted background services which drain the battery) 2) Poor Eco system - Agree to some extend. The free applications are less when compared to ios or android. But most common applications like - Whatsapp, Skype, viber, wechat, facebook, News websites( TOI, Hindu etc) are available. Few android popular games along with applications from Google ( Developed under google.inc) are not available. The existing google applications in windows store are developed by third parties.( with advertisements, donations etc) 3) Camera quality - Come on .... You cannot expect a 20 MP camera for a 13 K phone from a reputed brand. According to me, 5 MP is enough for mobile for easy sharing and mail attachment. The size of 20 mp / 10 mp camera image would be large for sharing with low speed internets. Other cons are 4) RAM could have been 1 GB ( I would have given 5 stars then) 5) Call management should be improved. ( You cannot insert a number in between existing number while dialing. You need to delete the entire number and type again. I.e, no cursor to insert. Only backspace is available . This is a drawback when you receive a mobile number from friend with 10 numbers and you need to insert a "0" before dialing due to STD.). Call log options are also minimal. In addition, you cannot edit a number before calling. No video call options through mobile network. 6)Contacts management also require an improvement. You can do mass customization only by logging into microsoft account. 7) One volume control for media, message tone , ringer etc. The scope of customization is less. For example, if you want your phone to ring only for calls and SMS, and not for whatsapp group / individual messages, you cannot control that. The ringer off option would stop entire notifications. I hope that the future updates from microsoft will consider these facts. There are small small cons which every product has. No products are 100 % perfect. To conclude, this phone is worth for 14 - 15 K .( Especially if you like to have different experience from Android and bored out of that). I started loving it. Thanks .
1. Build- As usual, phones from Nokia are solid. But the only thing that bothers me about the build is the weight. I would also like to mention that the back shell is a little bulky. Take it off, and the phone looks thin and awesome! I really like how you can remove the back to insert the SIM and SD card, cause it looked pretty awkward on the 925. Position of the camera is very good! The buttons work fine! Removing the back shell is a bit of a 2. Display- Even though the display is only 800*400 or something like that, the actual screen ppi does not bother me much. Except for when you zoom into text while browsing or something. Otherwise the actual screen itself is an absolute delight! 3. Camera- The camera is decent but definitely not the best 5MP camera that is out there in the market. It does, however, have a lot of modes to chose from, which really helps in low light conditions. There is a considerable amount of depth of field in the photos, although the lens is a f2,4? Anywho, the camera fails to capture certain colors at times. Bit of a disappointment there. 4. Software- Windows Phone 8 has been an absolute delight. Works fine, absolutely no bugs or crashes. Setting it up has been very easy. Verdict- It is a good phone for this price and I can't complain about it. I'd definitely recommend this :) 625 vs 720? I'd say that the Camera is better on the 720. Otherwise, 625 XD
Phone is good and as expected. Long battery life has all the feature that you can get in this price. I am a Android phone user and own Nexus 5, but I prefer using Nokia Lumia over android now. The only problem was there was an LED bleed at the bottom of the screen. I tried to contact seller, but he didn't respond to my replacement request.
Parcel delivered quickly as excepted and thanks. The packaging was perfect and item was well sealed. Phone is working fine and is speedy though 512mb RAM. Camera quality is luminous, great in both photo and videos. Happy with the product.
However I'm happy with the product, the courier service is very worst which i was struggling to track online as there were no proper status and many times forced to call the Customer care to know the status. Finally it was delayed a day!!
I purchased this phone at 7999 only, thanks to Amazon deal. It is a good buy. I liked the window OS. Camera quality is good. Display is also sufficiently large and resolution is also good. It is supporting WhatsApp Viber etc famous apps.
It is a good phone.camera quality is moderate. Rest windows operating system is not a rich platform like android for apps & features. however amazon had & has a good deal on it.shipping was fast.overall i am okay with this product.
Awesome phone if you want to switch from android or dull Samsung design. Butter touch, fast(don't judge it on RAM, windows is way lighter than android), super cool design, slim, good battery backup, awesome camera lens apps with Nokia
the price suddenly drop to 1000 rs is affected is given me jolt.
I doesnt get docomo free internet no one take respnsibility to do that nither amezon nor docomo otherwise peace is ok and may be there is 4g because there is option but nokia tells that is under testing so we can not say 4 g will run
Finding some issues after 2 weeks of usage. FM Radio is not working as soon as the headphone is plugged in. The phone has to be rebooted so that FM will work. Performance is becoming slow. Initially it was good. Now it is very slow.
The phone is really nice. Camera quality is also good but not that great in dark or low light. Can be updated to Windows 8.1. Overall it is a good buy. Phone never hangs. Charging lasts longer when compared to other smart phones.
Phone is Good ...no complaint ... .BUT my complaint is to AMAZON.com why HDFC on credit card did not gave 10% Discount as you advertised in FULL page ad in ALL the newspapers.. Whom should I complaint now ????
Excellent phone, love the windows UI. Good battery, feels is also good, just the right size screen, cam is above avg only thing I didnt like is the screen type (its WVGCA) but that is ok with the price I paid around 8K
It met all my expectations and its working fine. A phone which I love to use . Changing from android gave a big difference there s a beautiful world of windows mobile outside. I want people to cone out from the world of android
This is my first smart phone experience. I was puzzled between Android or Windows Phone. But by look and reliability I choose Windows Phone. Lumia 625 is amazing with very good features at very reasonable price within 10K.
Wow Super speed with 8.1 windows very nice.. love to use it..
ITs genuine piece, excellent look and happy to gift my son.
Loved this phone awesome for this price range got it at 6500 rs only , so great buy at this price range . no regrets. I have used Lumia 830 , Nexus 4 , Iphone 5 and touch is same as them which is a major concern for me.
Many Many thanks for amazon & Seller really I'm very happy for purchase this mobile best price , mobile looking good beautiful color .. woow ..... I got Rs.8999/- . superb mobile . once again thanks for amazon & seller .
Ultimate phone, I liked it. I find a bit lesser quality in screen resolution if you buy an android phone of this range (around 15K). But I am much satisfy of its performance. Quality of phone's body is also mind blowing.
I brought this for INR 14490. Really worth for money and i'm all time Windows Mobile/Windows Phone user since 2006. Excellent product with 4.7" screen. Also packaged with few flipkart ebooks and 10GB Wi-FI access.
Please DON'T buy this phone. There are lots of problems. Restarting....Loss of apps.... Consuming unwanted Data for system.... Saying "No Sim" even the SIM is present in slot, but after restart it detects SIM.
Windows is great,. Excellent phone,. Now it has high quality unlimited Apps from microsoft,. Enjoy battery life, conserve net balance, no hanging, Lumia funs and entertainment,. Etc,. I hope that you alsochoos it,.
its not worth the money .... i love lumia phones but this phone is like s*** 1.No glance screen. 2.No accelerometer. 3,Maps do not work(City lens vision is not available). 4.No compass (can you believe this).
Very nice phone by Nokia I bought for my daughter and she is loving it Has all the features which she need Only Powerpoint builder is missing Touchscreen is quite smooth Performance is good
Terrible phone. Got a demo phone. It doesnt work properly. Nothing can be saved on it longer than a day. Demo contacts stay even after deletion. Thinking of approaching the consumer courts if not resolved quickly.
Bought it at 7000 as a gift for my dad. It was a replacement for his 2.5 year old HTC wildfire. I think the windows ui is ideal for senior citizens. Just have to set up the home screen and they are good to go.
i bought it for 8999rs good one at this price camara quality only average not up to mark stylish look product come in 7 days over placing the order. good one at this price over this type of phone go for it.
Big screen with good clarity on HD Superb touch... Camera shall be somewat low than expected but trust worthy Drawback: Battery run time is worrying..and much less than expected
I gave one star less because i wanted to gift the phone on a occasion, how ever it got delivered only after the event...Other wise I loved the service and very prompt. Phone looks stunning and good deal too....
its not as original nokia lumia its completely defected.
Screen broke in one small fall...my old nokia 625 was stronger than this. Many times it fell but never broke in 2 years. I wonder if it's real or duplicate piece. Even one sticker we find in nokia is missing.
i love it thnku u soooooooooo much amazon ......... i have taken many products in amazon ..i really thnks to the delevery boy who had given good respect...... i love the people who do well in their work .....
For 8999 this phone is a bargain. The resolution is a bit low for the big screen but its not that bad. Long lasting battery is what appeals me most. The camera is useful to scan pages off books and magazines.
Amazing phone for such a low price.. got it for 8999/- It has a good classy look. Apps are very helpful. It's not so heavy compared to other phones. The video recording is full HD and meets my needs. Love it.
If you want to use internet please Dont buy this. It doesnt support anything. This mobile doesnt support multi tasking. Battery & screen size s good. Every app will crash in windows you cannot work properly
I purchased Nokia lumia 325 for my daughter who was not interested in the Samsung mobiles. She is very happy with the instrument and says it has nice features, and good camera as well as good music system.
It stopped working in just 12-15 days and now I am helpless... Nokia Care center says the problem is not covered in warranty contact the seller and amazon says the return time is over... this is ridicules.. :(
This phone has a problem of hanging. Many a times the screen becomes blank, and after hours of making an attempt to switch off and on, it finally starts working. It's kind of okay, but not that great too.
The touch screen is a problem and the spare parts are very expensive. Also Nokia/microsoft support is non-existent. But I still love Lumia for it's price and safety standards, viz., radiation levels etc.
Phone automatically switches off and switches on.... I used it for a day and it happened thrice... I am not sure if it is fault of the mobile or a defected piece has been sent to me as I got it in offer.
A very nice phone & Cloudtail is good.. genuine phone. Truly love its features and windows OS doesn't hang like Android .. I just love this cellphone..
The phone quality is very bad .it doesnt look like a new phone.the battery is not nice.display also not good.look like refurbished phone selling the customer as a new phone.dont buy phone from amazon...
its having hanging problem and not having that much of comerft in application as related to smart phone. its got automatically hang, you have to reboot your phone than only you can able to operate.
It is a refreshing experience to use this windows phone. People are talking about low PPI, poor screen display and camera. Believe me its display and camera is as good as any other devices at its range.
i like this phone . it is good but the back case is not good it is some what bad .. if possible i need original back panel black color ..every thing is good except the back panel and it is siperbb phone
Got the phone on oct 7...now facing some probs with the speaker n the battery charges quickly n drains too....like it takes only abt 1.30hrs to charge to 100% from 10% or so....can anyone help me out???
I switched from an Android phone to Windows phone. I am very happy with my Nokia Lumia 625. The screen size is big enough so I use it more frequently to check my email, browse some sites, read news etc. I find the Internet connection to be very good. In fact, sometimes my BSNL Wi-Fi goes down and I am able to use my Lumia for critical applications. I like the direct SkyDrive connection and see some of my Excel/Word files. The camera is very good. One small negative is that the power switch is very close to the thumb when you pick up the phone or hold it and if you are not careful, you can press the power switch and the phone will turn off. But overall I am very satisfied with it. I am a Microsoft user and so it fits with my apps.
good fast phone and the OS. I had used windows phone 6.5 last. The new phone and the software are way beyond my expectations. I own an Iphone 4,nexus 4 and now lumia625. I would say Lumia is better in manyways. would recommend phone8 OS with good hardware.
Very good performance and high quality display. Good value for money. Please try to get Google Maps App available for this phone
This is costly than other phone compare own features ram is not sufficient and os is old battery is not removable.
First of all after selling of my Grand2 am writing the review.. Good 4.7 inch display with WIndows OSand reasonable battery backup are the real plus. I had bought this one for my wife... I had a Skype call for 3.5 hrs and there no so called heat or anything on the mobile. Synching your outlook and office documents..its really the "Goto" mobile.
i expect so much from this phone.. but i disappionted.... its is slow when using nimbuzz... lack of applications.... its not user friendly
those who are used in Samsung, might face a initial hick-up, but overall ok. Facing trouble with Bluetooth with Samsung.
The mobile overall is a great deal except for the camera........... mobiles in the same range have got a better camera than this one..... that was the only dissapointing thing in lumia 625 .......
I love windows phone. This meet my needs. I used 620 and 1320 also. Since I lost my 1320 I selected this one.
Definitely a good phone. Nokia has good battery and good camera. Overall I liked the phone. May be it takes sometime to get used to the Windows style for those coming from Android. But its a good phone.
Great phone. But the thing I doesnt like is that we have to pay for some necessary applications in app store, when it is free on android playstore..
+ve: screen quality, battery, camera, less risk of breaking on fall.... -ve: syncing with PC (no support of PC suite like stuff), poor hotspot....
in the price range of 10000 to 15000 this fitted the best. nice camera and performance. i am happy with this phone.
Good delivery. Amazon thank you so much nokia. Lumia 625 exelente phone camera claritty was supper supper apps in. Apps store ram 512 but no problem phone is not hang the phone is 4g supportted thanks amazon and nokia
That was a great experience and really i am very happy with that ... Awesome Experience ... Enjoy ... : )
Best buy for the price and it is total value for money. This is my first windows phone and I am loving it.
Phone is good but windows phone does not support all the applications which are a craze in market. Windows phone should also have all the apps supported as the android has
For someone who loves speed and hates lagging, I suggest they try the windows phone 8. With an sure update to windows 8.1 I am sure people will love it. And for this price range Lumia 625 has done a good job. Even though the phone lacks NFC facility, it won't effect our daily uses.
Good Phone for windows lovers... Works smooth, no problem of hang off... Best phone @budget... Windows is providing best apps...
Pro's 1) Windows fluid interface very user friendly takes some time to get adjusted 2) Sunlight Readability 3) It has curved edges and very slim easy to handle 4) flash and front cam Con's 1) no chrome, internet explorer 2) well its windows so less apps compared to android 3) sim size is microsim , and it is single sim Best phone for windows and Nokia lovers, For others you have to first decide between windows or Android
Good Product, will require more time to review the product i.e. Nokia Lumia 625. Best of Luck. . . .
My requirement was to chek e-mails and seamlessly work on the Office documents. Lumia is great product in this category.I am liking evey bit of it.
Lumia 625 Best.. Very Slim and stylish. i lyk it..!!! excellent nd waiting for Windows 8.1 Update :) give it 5 Star
Has all the necessary things and if you love screen size, one of the best to go along with. However, It seems to need more protection on and around the primary camera !
The only drawback of this phone is its inefficient camera. Else at a price of 12,800 this was a steal!!!. Highly recommended for budget users looking for a new OS experience.
Long battery backup very good divice only ram is poor 512 mb.i Good feel &amazon service is excellent ye ek achcha mobile hai mai last 6 month se use kar raha hu
It is really an excellent mobile from Nokia, very fast and good camera quality. Also it is in my budget and value for money. I think this is the best one in Lumia Series from Nokia. Also, Thanks to Amazon for giving excellent offers consistently. Amazon - It's really amazing...
This is surely a model worth considering .I really liked the large display , speed & the build quality of this Nokia phone. I know that there is a long way for Windows phone to catch up with Androis /IOS market, but windows had improved a lot & am really happy with the performance of my phone. It is not at all resource hungry as the android counterparts & with just 512 mb of Ram there is no lag or hang issue so far. But I would suggest to go for 1 gb of Ram models for future buyers as windows seems to be bringing in so many improvements & features which may in future require more memory .
This is an awesome phone in the range of 14k. The only cons found by me is that the area near the ear piece get heated up when you use RAM consuming apps/games...other than that this product with windows phone 8 & sleek look is awesome... Games runs like Temple Run 2 runs with no lag in this 512 MB RAM phone...Better camera apps can be downloaded from Nokia Lumia App store.
ITS A GOOD ONE BUT I FELT SOME APPLICATIONS ARE NOT PROPERLY WORKING. AND NOT SO USER FRIENDLY, BUT IM SATISFIED.
BATTERY BACKUP IS AVERAGE,LESS APPLICATION THAN ANDROID ,A LOT OF EXPECTATION FROM 8.1 .GUI IS FAR BETTER THAN OTHER OS
Great product and within budget...Only drawback is ram , please increase ram up to 1 GB... Go for it best buy
When its nokia, no words are necessary to speak. The windows phone is really satisfactory. It is very much comfortable to use due to its large screen.
Excellent buy....no lag...battery good...very good antenna We can use Hindi script for writing in this version of lumia...i mean the facility is in built...this was new for me
It is good and well performing it is awesome phone nokia lumia 625. i like very much. thanks nokia ms
Everything about this mobile is cool. I usually change mobile every three months but I will keep this mobile for a year. The very best thing about is its performance. It doesnt get stuck at all. Battery life is 2 days on average usage. Display is awesome. Honestly I would give this mobile phone 9/10. I
phone get hot soon , otherwise it is ok and worth. Having first window is not that difficult as people says
liked it a lot.. but battery dont last for very long. lumia is good they need to give life time music :(
Truely worth every penny n even more.had a bit trouble with the courier though but still happy enough with the phone .
very good phone, i liked the battery back up and GPS as most in this phone. I would suggest windows phone over than Android phone...
scree fault product was given to me. i expected a lot from amazon. but there services are very poor regarding mobile phones. please verify whether the product is genuine and fault free. thank u very much
Very impressed with the phone . Performance is very good. HD Video Quality also very nice.Thanks Nokia lumia team and Amazon.
very fast and responsive better then other.. it is very important after order they will give product with in two or three days.. thanks Bharat Prajapati
Overall finish is smooth and the screen can easily be handled with one hand. Battery life is sufficient enough for one day plus it has a very good interface with no lag.
its a great phone...i like it most..enjoying the windows experience...its totally different...worth for money...u can call it a professional device.
What can i say quality speaks for itself. Dont think samsung can keep up with nokia for long time now. Battery lasts around 1 week after moderate usage. ultra cool features, camera is excellent. Flash is amazing. Windows app are still little behind android but in near future they will catch up.
Nice phone. I. Like. It worth for csh givn.... thnx amazon fr the bst price......... i lvd the vry much.,.
Awesome Phone at this Price range. Big Screen and Battery Life. Also its upgradable to Windows 8.1 in future. Excellent service by Amazon
Superb windows experience in big screen, no hanging problems as on Android. Nice build quality and excellent touch screen ....
I am always a windows lover.In all nokia windows phones this phone is really awesome. Its UI is reallly amazing.In such a price this phone is perfect.I would recommend to all who loves windows.
Its a good phone. I liked it very much bigger screen gives good display. Only flaw is that it doesn't support flash which you can get by downloading flv video player or there's another trick for that just google it.
I bought nokia lumia 625 last month and iam very happy that it works according to my expectations. Amazon delivered it on date mentioned by them. It has very good touch screen and it provides many apps as like android phones. Camera quality is very good. Front camera is good only in day time. According to me lumia 625 is the best phone in the budget below 15000. I like the service of amazon and as well as the packing was very good. Thanks for amazon for providing me this phone in cheapest rate and satisfy my expectations
this phone is beautiful, touch excellent, and overall performance is very good so far. The only reason i complaint is that the battery life did not meet the seller's prediction a lot. Nevertheless, it's worth buying for..
nice phone with superb featurs,camara featurs are most exciting,worth buy,windows OS is good to use and handle,must use ones in life
it s all gud to use and it doent hang yet even i m using 10 games installed but android gets hanged up compared to ths .... gud to use
For the price I paid this is definitely value for money. Phone is fast and responsive with great features and visuals.
Screen quality is good . Phone overall response is fast. Wish for dual SIM support. Battery backup lasts for 1 1/2 day.
Good processor, Camera not that good, sunlight readability is lacking, sufficient apps in Nokia market . . . . .
i like this product. but as far as i m concern nokia lumia 525 RAM is better than this. nokia lumia 525 is giving ram 1 gb. camra quality is nice. 5mp with flash. display is awsome. but the amazon price is high than other websites like shopclues.com
Includes all the features required for a smart phone Easy to use Attractive price Great camera features Long battery life
Within the 15k budget its really fine, look is nice, but battery consumption is high, nokia can provide more powerful battery in this set, service of transportation and delivery by Amazon is excellent reached before the terget. Debashis.
Good product overall, but lacks punch due to limited RAM Loudspeaker loudness is not that great. Touch screen is very good, responsive Windows is poor man's Mac so, a reset fixes most of the problems and kills any unwilling app :) Great, fast shipping by Amazon, Good packaging.
Best product !!!its actually meet my expectation love to play game in this. A bit memory problem there about other stuff!! That is weird !! Other thing is gud
I bought this phone for my wife and I use Samsung galaxy SIII. Based on my friend's suggestion and my experience with windows operation system on desktop, I decided give this a chance on phone and it proved to be excellent. Windows operating system is really good. I use this phone for a days and days without restarting the phone. My Samsung Galaxy needs to get restarted once in two days inspite of using Clean Master, Memory booster and other apps. It seems Andriod operating system needs a long way to go to match performance and security that of Windows. Moreover this phone has less hardware capabilities compared to my galaxy phone but runs faster than galaxy. So simply buying high config hardwares does not assure high performance. On the other hand, I miss several games that I play in Galaxy in Windows. So on apps front, you will incline more towards Andriod phone. But if you exclude high end and wide range of games, this phone does better in every other aspects. Camera quality is not good. On this price, Nokia should have managed to give a better camera. This is definitely negative. But it has full HD video recording. Overall a phone should not forget it's basic functionality...it's to call. Samsung galaxy sometimes gives me a hard time even to make a phone call when I've several applications running simultaneously. I did not encounter problem of this type in this phone. My friends who bought Nexus seems to be happy with Andriod. And I've heard Android KitKat has resolved many issues. All these are something you need to verify.
As a phone the bigger size becomes cumbersome. SMS does not have option of different folders to save them seperately. Lack of call recorder is a big issue. you can not save contact details on your computer directly, only option is to transfer one at a time via bluetooth.
Amazon definately offered me the best price but the product is not a 100 pc perfect..It hangs quite often and has a lot of software related issues.. Maybe its something that the MFG. needs to take care of..I will be glad to see if Amazon can offer me a solution as it was only after a week that I understood abt the problem and according to the policies u cant return the product after a week.. Ravi
Phone does not hang. I have installed more than 2 GB of apps in it and its working great. However there are some features which I don’t like. 1. Bluetooth only for receive file can’t share (try with other BT v2.0 device). 2. Phone does not support Bluetooth headset for music’s. 3. File manager missing. But phone is better than any other android device, Phone build and display quality is great.
I must say, the phone looks sleek and sexy with that curved glass in the front and nice matte black finished back. User interface is buttery smooth and touch sensitivity is best in class and hardly lags. Some applications takes a bit of time to open. Apart from that every thing is good. The resolution of the screen is not that great, and bit on lower side when it comes to outdoor visibility. Battery back up is more than satisfactory, gives you full day back up with extreme usage. And yes, u can download loads of music from Nokia for free, name the song they have it...
Great... keep it up... wonderful...... need more offer intimation in advance to select the best.... thank you so much k
Big-screen experience, Super sensitive touch,silm... its very much suitable for professional's.. This phone never disappoint you at any state.... overall the phone is superb ...........
Low price and most from a windows phone. Pre loaded with all essential apps. What more a professional requires ?
Ordered the phone on Saturday and got it by Tuesday! Love the phone. Good service by amazon and the vendor. P.S did face few software issues in the phone initially. Got it fixed at a Nokia Priority Center in 10 mins. Phone's working well after that.
I bought this phone few days back. Earlier I have used Lumia 520 and liked it a lot but I wanted a phone with bigger screen. This has got 4.7 inch display and its good. Also, windows phone is smooth without any lag. Camera on this phone is better than few phones which have 8MP camera. Don't go by the mega pixel count and Nokia did not disappoint in this regard. Go for it.
very nice Amazing phone by Nokia... Premium look... Big screen and strong.. i like Saholic price is best. thx Saholic
One of the best touch phone I experienced so far with good camera comparing with Android based phone. Speed is awesome. Most of the Apps are available though store is not ads rich as on android. Different experience altogether over Android based phones
its really very nice to use...my friend's too love this mob very much...feeling comfortable with this mobile....its really user friendly
Hi, I brought this cell phone one month before from soholic (seller) at 14 k. best thing: this phone has very nice slim look, camera has best quality, nice audio, large screen makes you confortable for movies, ms office application is very nice, it feel like you work on your computer. Touch is best compare to any other device with same price, windows update all famous and useful application which available on android so don't worry, Hindi typing is addition feature, need to improve: the games you will find which are high graphics are not free compare to android, Overall this cell phone makes me happy customer, forget about 512 mb ram, its work smoothly, go for it and buy from amazon only. It is available at lowest rate on amazon.
very good product for office going people, easy configuralble easy to use. It can be used as handheld computor. colours are very good. difficulties are all appliances cant run without net connection. People working at industrial field may feel difficulties.
This phone is awesome Windows Pone it has all that I need for my work. It works really good. It has a few cons though it at time moves you away from your games, need to add more apps and games in it. NO hangs, NO unwanted updates. Very quick and fast!!!. A wroth it mobile for this price.
A good phone when you want to test the phone by biggest innovators of all time. build quality is sweet, better than almost every android phone. speed and responsive is up-to-the mark
I got this product at an amazing price of 13199 as Diwali offer. pros # big and wide display( resolution doesn't matter at all, as it is not used as a home theater screen) # super sensitive touch as we don't need to physically touch # full hd video play/rec # amazing browsing/downloading speed ( after the factor : data speed) # good music experience with nokia wh 510/920 or higher # simply elegant look # good battery life # scratch resistant corning gorilla glass2 # removable and washable back cover # monolithic and uni body design # 1.2 GHz sd procesor doing its job honestly # good built quality cons # it'll be embarrassing to list out the cons as i got this phone for only 13k # for the convenient hands free use , prefer nokia headsets , otherwise we need to restart the phone sometimes as the one side of the earphone stops its job
I chose this phone for nokia's build quality and Microsofts's Operating system. But evrything is cool about the phone. The camera in special, is one of it's kind
Great phone with large screen near 5 inch Within Budget (13k) Less Windows Apps which windows needs to look into.
Have used fully qualities and it has good performance have good quality and best battery life. still i have faced problem is to attach file in mail while replaying to user have also face problem zip and other formats file going hidden havent any file handler in system.
I love it. it is one of the best smart phone with 4.7 inch screen, 4G and lot of other features.
I always like Nokia make cell phones since it is very easy to handle and easy menu driven. Lumia 625 has got all the latest items in this mobile.
Pros: Big Screen Simple UI Excellent speed build quality Conc: Low speaker vol Low sunlight visibility Over all great phone for this price, bought it for 14500 from Amazon.
i really liked it... Windows os is very fast.. no hanging issue... GDR3 updated successfully... waiting for 8.1.. most of all applications are available in windows store ............
I got the product at a good price..15,500 with 1500 cashback on citicards which is 14K.. But was surprised looking at the phone..I just bought this phone looking at the features and a tight budget and was using android phone before..The phone looks premium,classy and the interface was very good..Havnt explored the performance but the phone interface, looks and the apps present make it a killer buy for a modest price..
Its a good phone but hangs sometimes Camera,Speaker,Battery life are Quit good. only one and that is of ram which is very less. no nfc.. over all phone is good for day to day use.
Awesome phone!!! Present it is working fine. As my expectations it will complete features and happy with lowest price, no anywhere else it sell like this price so feelling great right now
good one.Its worth in spend money.dont confused closed eyes and purchase.internet ,camera,process everthing in nice .Battery life also a good.so go for lumia 625 is very very nice one to purchase.
i am not happy with this phone fist irratating asking thousand times micro soft account and cant down a simple whts up application my advice to buyers not to buy nokia 625 it is not friendly user
I am always a fan of Nokia mobiles. The coloboration with Microsoft had made wonders with name Lumia. This phone has great speed,good sensors, its easy to understand,great image and video quality.
Phone is okay but delivery was an issue. I had to chase the courier repeatedly for delivery. In fact the courier person without coming to my place filed the report that there was no one at home.
Nice phone ... And as Windows has upgraded to 8.1, it gets better. Got it upgraded. I request windows to make sharing to apps like whatsapp and especially videos to be easier. Otherwise nice buy
I have got the Nokia Lumia 625 form Amazon.in. The phone is perfectly fine with one year warranty, and was delivered to me within proper time. I think, Amazon.in is the best site to buy items.
I bought this waste of money from Go Computers. Big mistake, hangs a lot display is dim. Now I am trying to sell it, but this phone won't go for more than 3000. Don't buy this outdated phone.
look and feel of 625 is great , but I think nokia should increase the RAM size as while playing games it hangs up some times. Rest of all the features of the phone are gr8 or the price of 8k.
good product...timed delivery...no problems at all
Fast delivery, cheap through very nice product... Satisfied with ur service. Fully appreciated. Delivery service was too good. Lumia phone with such a low price.... Awesome
I got for good prices but it's not working nice the mobile is getting problem till 3 times I faced that I called ur people but they told now we can not do anything because time is over
there is an led leakage from bottom of the phone
Bought it for 7999/ awesome phone for this price
Iam satisfied with lumia625. Prons: Screen size Touch Processing Speed even thought it is 512MB RAM Cons: Sound quality not good
Very bad.they given me the demo mobile.I can t even use that mobile and I was applied for return the mobile before 15 days but there is no response.very very worst and fraud website
Just got it for Rs. 7999/- with 10% cash back. Phone is very good, slim. Excellent build quality. Nice camera for this price range. You will love it if you are windows friendly...
Good product
Good mid range mobile. This is first windows phone. Am using this mobile for for past 1month. Till now working good. No lag. Only issue is 512 mb ram. Otherwise no problem.
Not satisfied with the quality of screen ..... screen broken just after using for 2 months....Very delicate ..... But battery and phone performance are impressive....
I got Lumia 625 for Rs 8999. When I received the mobile parcel, I was happy to know that the parcel was handled with proper care. And mobile too is as per my expectations.
its not up to my expectations it takes more than 20 days to deliver and my phone has flickering problem too so please stay away from this phone and from this site also...
Awesome phone.....n i got it in 6999 bucks only....its value for money at dis price though d camera is nt dat much gud ...but at dis price ull nt get anythin betr den dis
camera,music,browesiin speed good.battery packup is not good for net surffing.games and applications are running sooth thanks for amazon to get this phone in lowest price
Nice screen resolution... Touch is good... Good to experiencing windows in phone.. Met my expectation... and Over all its a nice phone in 15K range...
I have purchased Nokia Lumia 625 on 27 Oct 2014, started using 12 Nov 2014 but its is having speaker problem in initial stage itself....felt very bad on quality wise...
good phone but camera is not up to the mark
Good interface and display Main camera is ok while front camera with 0,3 MP is obviously bad. Average speed and good pre-installed apps. Maps are good.
In this price range this is a good product by nokia and after all interface is good and little camera is not good but compare to other brand like samsung it's bettwr
Nokia Lumia 625 black is good product and I like to have it. Amazon had delivered much earlier than the time they had mentioned. Thanks a lot for their good service.
At last received the product in perfect condition. Mobile was awesome. I have palaced the order on 15th Oct received today(25th Oct).That's why i have given 4 stars.
Everything is perfect. If it has more than 5mp camera and 1GB ram then it will be 100% worth full and beautiful. No other related product can defeat it...
I always prefer a Nokia phone ....my friend. The new features in NL625 are just marvellous and user friendly. The screen size is what I wanted and apt for my use !
the phone is single sim and the cost is equal to 730 in android better and best mobiles are available for this price so i suggest you to choose another one friends
I don't play mobile games, operating my Nokia Lumia mobile is like playing games.I would have brought Nokia laptop if they would have released. Love you Nokia!!!.
Very happy with the product... Got it dirt cheap for Rs. 7,999/- :) :) :) Took lot of time to delivery the phone. But, I was willing to wait, so that's okay!
I am really satisfied and thanx to amazon
very nice phone and get just in 24 hours.
Good window phone I am purchased only 8k₹
Excellent mobile good battery sleek camera good sound system slightly weak good price one can go for it without thinking other brand overall performance. Superb
Verry good mobile. Verry nice website. Verry fine price.. I like nokia. i like amezon. But i hate china mobile Thank you amezon....
it is ok with every thing but the main problem is that it get heated up very quickly..... battery is also not too good, headphone is useless and rest is ok
Budgeted mobile with offer price....thank to amazon I recommend to all believe amazon...but one thing cash back offer ill take more time to credit my account...
The phone fulfilled all my expectations. Enough speed and good battery backup(lasts about 1.5 day for normal usage). And it does all as mentioned in the manual
The battery is not working well. Very poor battery backup ! Without use i.e., in standby, its backup is less than 24 hrs. Very depressed with the product.
Nice Phone.. Bought at Rs 8832/- No problems with display or LED as some may have complained. Genuine Nokia phone with warranty. Thank you Amazon. Keep it up!!
This is a good phone at this price if you do not want andriod/ios device. The Hardware is awesome when compared to other devices from other manufacturers.
superb fone. only drawback is its weight
WP nokia625 is by itself a good buy,and the deal i got at Amazon was perfect,at least 2300INR less than the same i bought at flipkart a day before,i lie not!
It's a batter set for using....so I suggest u don't ignore it....if u want to buy a Nokia Lumia handset then try it....it never disappoints you..trust me...
Nice phone Good battery backup .With normal use 2days in 3G and 3 day in 2G. Nice camera Nice sound Loved the Nokia Mix radio huge stock
A PHONE WHICH CHANGE MY TOTAL THOUGHT PROCESS AND I HAVE COMPELLED TO SPEND A GOOD TIME WITH MY PHONE SET WHICH WAS BEYOND MY DREAM EARLIER...JUST AMAZING..
Its demo phone....if you check about phone it shows update demo content, demo phones are for retailers .and shouldn't be sold to users...be aware guys
i find this amazing ph in just 6999, it works lightning fast. The touch of this ph is quite good. Must faster then android ph of same configuration.
consider my concern it is to inform you that the mobile is not working properly and getting burning smell frequently.The battery is also draining fastly..
thank u nokia for this amazing phone.built quality,user interface,speed,memory everything is extraordinary.dont have to say anything adverse.simply great.
I m using this product since more than 1 month and I never found any issue. The range is good. Also the price is very reasonable compare to other modems.
The default internal memory (8GB) is too small for a phone of this specification and the front camera is very low MP otherwise, its quite a decent phone.
Dont buy this mobile...they are shipping defective mobile...i also purchased one......nd i got dead mobile phone....and no one is replacing my phone....
I was shocked to receive such a poor Product From Nokia as initially when i recd the product it was not starting showing an Gear & Ligtining Symbol, then later on after a day of keeping the product just like that the product finally started. It started but to my dismay it started getting overheated then battery used to drain off very quickly. A really bad experience which reflects to me that online shopping at a good discount wherein the product is not a good quality deal
No 1 phone in calling ....battery life is excellent and apps run smoothly 512 MB ram.......... compair android 1.5 GB phone faster run lumia 625
awesome phone. touch is very good. i bought this phone 2 months back. it is working fine. clarity of rear camera is not up to mark compare to samsung
Navigation is the best feature - smooth and fast. The home screen icons give an elegant look. The main drawback is the quick drainage of the battery.
I love this phone , very fast processing than android os. Its picture quality awesome. Easy to use. Best fit in my hand and looking very beautiful.
My self my name is saran 625 is very gud mobile but that box is very irrating plese dont by the box nd nokia care please taje care about that boxes
Nice phone at a very good cost. I got this phone at 6999/- during diwali dhamaka on 21.10.2014. Great delivery. Thanks amazon for the nice product.
phone is great ...... but its screen founded defected when i open my package.......Nokia provide a Great phone LUMIA 625 amazon make it bad.......
Iam With Sony Xperia L. Daily Receive/Send/Save Audio,Video Shares through WhatsApp to 100+ persons in Groups. Will Lumia 625 suit me??? HELP
Delivered a faulty piece and had to return it. I didn't even get a replacement, lost the opportunity to buy other mobile during the sale as well.
Incredible phone-!!!perfect replacement If you were using android fr 2 to 3 years!!!d designs n specially d 8.1 windows software.... damn awsm!!
so its good handset for any smart user, you will amaze with the quality of its camera and shooting video is very simple and zooming is also easy
I like Nokia mobiles for the product quality. Now windows 8.1 is very impressive. Product is delivered in good packing before the expected date.
Its awesome piece. The video quality is quit nice being HD recording. Camera is good enough. RAM is 512 MB but the overall performance is great
Thou i did not got the ordered color - orange. Also, i got to receive yellow colored one, and this was priced at a considerably lesser value. The merchant however did not tried to give me that discount citing that these rates are already cheaper and they are going to increase. Thou i needed a phone urgently, i went ahead with this. But certainly not expected. Unfortunate. Apart from the seller, this product is great.
It's a good mobile from Nokia Lumia. But I bought it for a excellent price i:e Rs. 6600+, white color. For Rs7000, it's not bad to go for it.
awsm phone with an excellent features.in a low price. it is 4G supported phone.ram is a bit less of 512MB bt it supports all 1GB or 2GB GAMES.
I am facing a problem with my mobile, on connecting with PC it is showing 0 items. I am unable to transfer anything from PC to mobile phone...
The phone is very good and received as per the two days guaranteed delivery.But the the phone is different from old lumia 625 released in 2012
NOKIA LUMIA 625 I bought was faulted. Fault started coming as soon as I opened the set and started using.
Very poor quality Iiteraly a big mistake not buying android ,loaded with real poor apps. Picture quality is also dull a big zero for windows
Great deal. Phone is good. Touch screen is very effective. Windows OS experience is good. Overall an effective product by nokia - Microsoft.
nokia very tuff material , awesome touch screen . features are excellent only the bad thing is microsoft dont have much apps like android .
Pleaase sont but this wondow phone soo much heavy weight but buy any other mobule from amzon is good option they provide very good services
Superb ... Awesome... Great mobile... Nokia father of mobiles.. None of the mobile brand can't reach the Nokia build quality and hardware..
Wow!! I have 4G in this device. Looks good, Touch feel is perfect. Camera clarity is also very good. Overall Amazon's Offer worth a lot....
Good product, fast delivery. It Fits perfectly. Back side has rubber feeling. It doesn't look bulky, looks sleek. Color is rich black.
Awesome h BOSS 4G supported hai...
As per Specification Lumia 625 Support 4G but in my phone 4G option doesn't shows while my friend has same model in which it shows option.
purchased one month back, good mobile, camera is good, speakers are also fine, good battery backup so far seems a good purchase...........
camera is not gud...nd battery okk nd looking very good...touch awesum...its okk orrr kya bacche ki jaaan loge kya....9k m mila h....
good customer service from Amazon...... really good phone from Nokia it's affordable price smooth touch.... great experience thanks Amazon
The phone is Amazing. With the cost it comes it is absolutely worth. Screen Quality to software multitasking is buttery smooth.
Well I had ordered it on....wait i will have to check the calender!! And its still not delivered...Yeah you heard me right!! Amazon huh..
Means When I open the box battery and other things are already attached to the cellphone. Which normally come in different packages.
the phone is worth the price!! the MRP on the box says 17,599 and i got this baby for 7,499!!! a damn good buy. The specs offered for the price is simply awesome!! a 4.7 inch, robust, sexy, sleek, neatly packed, and delivered on time. there are very few pieces left for sale, don't think, if you've got 7.5 K and you need a phone, just go for it, it's worth every penny, bang on amazon!! love you guys!!
The phone is a best buy below 10k. As the phone is 4g ready, the price set is very reasonable. The only disappointment is its 512mb ram.
i gohat t this phone but no warrenty card inbox what i have do. i go this phone in 6 days that all good and phone made is china. thanku.
Iam recently buying lumia 625 with low price 8892 only orginal product and orginal accossories with sealed box. Its awesome thanx amazon
I am using this phone after diwali.no problem at all.display is quite ok.battery is also good.amazon deliverd this product within 5days.
Beautiful make By Nokia At Their Price, Mainly Gmail And Other Microsoft Appp Works Like A Charm.I;m Not A gamer So No Lag.Good Camera.
Awesome touch!!!!!!touch is as smooth as silk gorilla glass screen is best suited. Just love the phone.
Awesome phone . Looks very stylish . Got the phone for Rs. 6999 .Very fresh phone of oct 2014 manufactured .Amazon's delivery service is very fast . Got the phone 10 days before estimated date . Amazon gives a proper retail invoice . Phone works perfectly . Internet is very fast as it is a 4G ready phone . It is far better than my samsung galaxy S3 . Thanks amazon for this amazing deal .......
Display leakage under screen.....
superb phone ......thanq u amazon
Any Android lovers, no need to read this... I believe that Windows Phone doesn't require more RAM, and I've been experiencing it with only 512 MB RAM on this phone... Used for 20 days and no lag till now with several apps installed including "Asphalt" game......Camera, screen quality good... I think it is value for money when compared to currently available phones....
Extremely Poor Quality camera....even china made mobile has better cameras then this....really disappointed with its camera quality...
Suppppeeerrr DDDeeeeeAAAAaaaaLLLLLLL i like this type of dela i love amazon......... good product for windos base......
Nice Thank You... HP v215b 8GB Pen DriveHP v215b 8GB Pen DriveHP v215b 8GB Pen DriveHP v215b 8GB Pen DriveHP v215b 8GB Pen Drive
I bored from android phone so i buy it and it is amazing phone good display good camera very fast value for money
I purchased this product without the knowledge of 535 which is according to me is better than 625. But still its camera is full HD .
Great product by Nokia and Microsoft! Those who are fed up with android go for Lumia phone without any hesitation. You won't regret.
PACKING WAS SUPERB,,,I GOT THE MOBILE BEFORE AS I EXPCTED,,,WILL TRY TO DO MORE PURCHASES,,,,THANK U AMAZON!!!! FOR UR GREAT SERVICE
great phone..with great looks...
Not like android. Android much much better than this 625. Crash alot . no app installed but my camera crashes a lot.
I really loved it... Its quite stable and usefull nd economic! I highly recommend it for d costumers who r planning to buy 1...!!!
Excellent and Original phone with company packaging. The problem is Amazon is not giving replacement facility otherwise all OK....
Nice phone in price of 9000. Good OS 8.1 , phone is working good. Camera quality is little poor compared to other lumia handsets
Nokia lumia 625 has good product and looking so good....battery backup is gud,looking styles.... So kindly buy this product
Its a good phone but comparatively not user friendly than android. Featured wise so good but OS is not comparatively best.....
Amazing delivery by Amazon. Its a nice phone and no hanging like android. You should go for this! I love Lumia <3
Good product received as I ordered within estimate time so thanks, but so sad the day after I ordered it becomes ₹1000/- less.
Happy with the product and deal. But product delivery was not as quick as you have given earlier. This time you take 7-8 days.
I LOVE HAVE LUMIA 625 ITS BEAT SAMSUNG CORE1 & 2 I LIKE DISPLAY TOUCH VERY SMOOTH AND CLEARTY AND CAMERA IS TO GOOD WITH FLASH
Good offer.....625 at vry low price ...one must go for it....i bought the phone one month ago , and i am satisfied with it...
Very good mobile to have with.
This phone is not getting charged and there is no direct call number except the email to connect with the customer services.
It's a great product from nokia for a affordable price.. and totally a different product from crapy androids..the finish quality is fantastic and applications are great.. the size doesn't matter for handling.. slim sexy WP from with a big screen.. thanks nokia. and the service provided by Amazon is great at all.. Shiva.
Very happy with the amazon services and even with the handset. genuine website and we can rely on any product from amazon.
phone is not working properly
Loved the phone as soon as it started. Came with a Cyan update and some very nice features. Although lots of updating is required regarding apps and accounts. But loved the shape, color and most important the speed & touch. The seller gave a non tampered box and I can assure you the seller is good. Overall - Thumbs up to nokia
No it is not so good as there is some problem in this device as some times the whole screen gots magnified automatically
Very good phone for me because battery backup and camera quality excellent. I also lucky to buy this phone in low price.
those who are bored of android can try it... :) Nt much user friendly.. very little apps for windows.. but nice phone :)
Quality of the product and packing is so good. The product delivered well within the time, really enjoying the product
It is very good mobile. Windows OS is very nice compare to Android OS. I like it very much all the features are good.
No one can give this type of deal Hat-off Amazon , Amazon give me @6999/- a superb phone , price Chinese quality NOKIA
Thank you amazon for this amazing gift on my b'day... And the product was excellent, nice packing and delivery is good.
Nothing bad. Everything was good. just delivery was late. anyway thank u Amazon !!! I loved this phone. Product is best
good budget phone with great functionality... awesome work by amazon by delivering the package on the next day of order
Till now, its been nearly 1 month since have purchased the product.. didn't have received any complications.. nice ph. by Nokia,, just camera is a consideration.. as compared to Nokia lumia 720,.. other wise superb.. liked it... & the delivery by amazon is amazing as received the product in just 1 day....
I love my Lumia. Its my best friend. My best friend for chat & clicks and loads of exciting application to choose from
2nd hand product money waste
very nice phone.............
Nokia Lumia 625 is good mobile as present senario,light wait easy to carry ,office software are so attractive ficture
Give me a little more ram ,may be a Gb ? Then without it it's almost OK.the dimensions are good not too big or small
User friendly with decent Apps. I have been using this phone for quite long time, I have bought another one as well.
phone is good..overall phone is good,onlyy that mp3 files and music is not up to the mark..amazon delivery is good..
love to have this awesome phone. I have bought this phone @7000 only . thanks amazon for giving this greatb offer..
the product is too delicate to travel in courier , mine buckled out and phone cannot fit in . it came of no use
It was good offer & product received was in good condition. Let us know when such other offer's are..........
its a good product... its working superb.... Windows OS is excellently working. i bought it for 7999 from Amazon..
yes. i had lumia 520 , now i am happy with lumia 625 , it having front camera & flash light for snaps.
It was delivered early as I didnt expected that. After using for more than a month, I am happy with this product
Going awesomely well till now. Very genuine. Brand New piece, seal pack. Lucky to get this deal :)
this phone is amazing and very smooth nokia lumia 625 is the best phone camera clarety is very good in the phone.
Very nice mobile phone in middle range of prices. The service of Amazon.in is very appreciable. Thanks Amazon.in
Awesome product...... Awesome place to purchase it... got an awesome experience. Thank you Amazon & Nokia.
Lumia 625 is 8k is the best bargain you can get in the current scenario. Phone is stable, work smoothly and doesnt lag a bit. On top of that it will get lumia Cyan update. Better option than lumia 630. I would recommend this to everyone. This is the best buy phone and VFM
Nice Product at Great Deal
I love this phone and I got this mobile on amazon by great deal.And I start to recomend this site to my frnds.
awesome mobile. great feathers.value for money.i love nokia brand. i got this mobile on 6999rs.thanks amazon
awesome and quick delivery by Amazon.......nice packaging......enjoying the Lumia n its mesmerising features
im using this phone for 1month.Upto now it works well,some problems i met,but i solved it easily.No problem.
It is heating up too badly, not even able to talk for few min. it is serious health hazard, don't go for it.
Superb cheating by maker and sellers. worst (un)smart phone ever built. worst OS platform ever encountered.
very good product. thank u amazon for selling such a costly product to a very low price.. 'm lovin' it
For business got everything from email to office , Skype and good battery life . It was a excellent phone .
Its all gud...but one prblm i have faced that it gets hot after use of a shrt period..rest all is excllnt..
good mobile great windows
Good phone . I bought for 6999 during deepawali offer. Product received in good packing with full waranty
It is the beat phone at 8k...phenomenal phone by Nokia... Amazing camera amazing UI.. Full on paisa vasool
Very gud at dis rate..well its obvious when nokia Lumia is closed..its been taken over by microsoft now..
The product is good and even the amazon service was nice.product is new and good with latest cyan update.
I have not received the warranty card with this handset as mentioned. Is this product is covered under All India Warranty. This mobile is superb. I am satisfied with the product. I received the delivery on 07/10/2014 bought under the deal of the day at Rs.7999/-
Automatically mobile switch off and it starts.hang and struck alot.there is no unlimited music download.
1st windows 8.1 has good futures .interface very smoth .may be Nokia WL get back to top listed in sales
Overall very good phone. Would have been great if it would have been dual sim phone. No regrets overall.
It is very good offer on that time. And also it is a good mobile & applications. Over all very nice
awesome phone with good batrry life and feature i bored with android and get best ever windows 8.1 phone
Good Phone for the price.. The display is pretty good and bright.. Very good battery backup...
Phone is good but as we know there is less flexibility with respect to apps compared to IOS and Android.
Best smartphone in lumia
not good !! i bought this phone for 7k and it hangs a lot and battry drains as well !! not good quality
There is black spot on the last of the screen. It looks like rejected piece of the shop. Amazon cheated
very good phone except the battery life, it is not that good battery as it claimed by the company
I buy this phone this is tha good phone for this price range. I recommend to buy all of you guys.
Poor product. I don't get my coupon yet n also sensor defect on this device. so very much unsatisfied.
good function as well as best service by nokia and microsoft co. i am titally satisfied by this mobile
Very useful product at cheaper price 7500/-flash,primary camera,secondary camera,much more Cortana...
Good phone. Only disadvantage is its 500 MB RAM. Buffering time while watching YouTube is frustrating
it's ok. Say 8 GB User memory but 4 gb pre occupied by sysytem. so u have only 4 GB. Camera is so so.
i love lumia series and i bought that it was really awesome and made me feel very good about my phone
This is made in China you give me duplicate item .i want to return my mobile please give me my money
my first smart phone and i loved it. so slim , wonderful touch, easy handling. worth it within 9000.
Mind Blowing ,very good in the range of price ,Very smooth touching and very well work performance.
excellent. screen display is superb. full of options really one look for. E book is a good thing.
Very good phone at a very much affordable price... Awesome to the normal users not for the geeks..
For general usases are good.but call recording's and SMS back up to gmail not work in this phone.
It was a very Good experience buying this product. I am very much satisfied with the performance.
Superb phone.. I got it for myself for 9000 oly during Diwali offer.... Have no complains,,, but i dont understand why the price is dropping.. the oly prob s tat the camera s not very great.. That is the only drawback.
very nice phone , thank you amazon for right price. 7999/= . however delivery was very late
the product is delivered in time...both the product are absolutely new..fresh stock ****8.1 updated fresh stock....no fear on taking the products from amazon they are absolutely of no complaints ,brand new and fresh stock.
nice mobile nice price
very good phone <3
realy its a great deal
Mobile is very good smoth touch option,application nice but camera  regulation not good.......
Nice performance and I am satisfied with my minimum requirements like whats app, viber, facebook
brought it for 8999/- and it worth it. packaging was a bit unsatisfactory but fine with me as the product was safe inside.. awesome phone with all the features available as it was mentioned. i don't think 512 of RAM is insufficient as it runs very smoothly with no lagging. perfectly crafted and looks awesome when you hold it in your hand. featuring : 1. It runs on Microsoft Windows Phone 8 OS which is again upgradeable to windows 8.1 with cyan update which is the most beautiful OS from windows. 2. This device hosts a 4.7-inch IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with pixel density of about 199 PPI even with only 199 PPI you won't find any pixlation issue. 3. It has a 5 MP primary rear camera with LED flash and a VGA front camera by far which is awesome. 4. It is powered by 1.2 GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon Krait processor 5. It has 512 MB RAM and 8 GB internal storage which is expandable up to 64 GB via microSD card 6. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 and microUSB 2.0 7. The windows phone has a non-removable Li-Ion 2000 mAh battery which you cannot find in any nokia phone at dis price.
I purchased this phone for a ridiculous price 7999/-. It shops with black update (up gradable to cyan- windows phone 8.1). It has a 5 MP shooter at the back and its fantastic. It is million times better than any other 5 MP camera. the LED flash is working perfectly. The front camera is VGA but with the lumia selfie app the selfies taken are damn perfect. The lumia specific camera apps are a delight for photographers.. It has a super fast krait series qualcom processor clocked at 1.2 GHz (dual core). With 512 MB RAM one can enjoy various games like asphalt 7, 8 and overdrive. Halo, hot pursuit to name a few. The RAM will not be an issue unless you're wanting to play MC 5, Nova 3. Its very slim and stylish thanks to the mono block design. It has corning gorilla glass 2 protection with a massive 2000 mah battery which will last for 36 hours on medium to heavy usage. Many reviewers have complaint about its display. Though its display lack the clear black tech but yet the phone has very good viewing angles and very good outdoor readability. 4.7" screen is a delight for reading online texts or books and watching videos. It has dolby sound system though the earphones provided in the box are pretty ordinary. i personally think that screen was in deed very good and the online reviews have exaggerated the entire issue. I will give Device 5 stars considering the price (if you get it below 10k, just go for it, with cyan update its a delight to use the phone) and rock solid build. Also you get six months of unlimited original music download via nokia music, 3000 movies to stream/download with your movies app, DoCoMo data offer, 20 Flipkart eBooks for free. What else do you want from the phone at this price. I brought the phone from Go For Computers and the product was a genuine package.
I got defected piece later returned .Getting heated & screen flittering when kept for charging.
The mobile is awesome, very fast ,the screen is so big .just love this windows phone....do buy
A very good phone at a very good price from Amazon. Got the product shipped the same day of placing the order. But due to public holidays the next 2 days (Oct 2 & 3), delivery was not done by Fedex. The 3rd day (Saturday) also when contacted Fedex had said no person available for delivery and will deliver on Monday (6th Oct). but as the phone was for my wife and she had to leave out of town on Sunday, I went and picked the phone from Fedex locations personally. Regarding the product, even though the processor is a dual core and the ram is only 512MB, it does not feel underpowered. No lags or hanging experienced. The OS was updated OTA for Windows 8.1 once the Wifi was setup. The camera is very good for the spec and even though I read in reviews that the display is not great, it is good enough for our daily use and at this price this is a very good phone. The Nokia Mix radio is a very good app with unlimited free song downloads.
Touch is excellent but RAM is poor. Processor is also but it is value for money at this price.
The device is very smooth with a decent camera and variety of applications.Overall I liked it.
Fullllyyy supeb 100% best product But Your blue dart officer is non contibuter
device is fine have some problem while using multiple tabs in browser it closes automatically
when the phone was locked it was auto matically zooming. so we should restart the phone again
Its good. There is some lag sometimes due to just 512 MB ram, but its fine! It works good! :)
A nice mobile phone a have received. Its condition is tiptop and functions are so good. Most important is its price offered by "amazone.in", not only competitive but the lowest compared to all markets.
Nice Mobile!!! Nicely packed and delivered.. Good work Amazon.. Proud to be a Lumian!!!! :)
worst comapny i have ever seen... poor customer response... no concerns to the customers...
Awesome.. Worth the price.. I had brought it 7 months ago. But now the price is decreased.
Frequently hanging on, size of the font is changing automatically, not a good one to worth
Got this mobile at Rs.7999/-. No issues as of now , its 3 months young now! Happy with it.
mobile was good, some complaint occur for example "automatically SD card rejected"
price was amazing compare to market price.....but android is userfriendly than windows....
The product was good and as expected.thank you looking forward to more shopping in amazon.
I purchased @ 8999/-. OK in this price. Battery after full charging goes for 1 day only.
Very nice deal provided but later on disappointed discounted 1000rs for the same product.
Too good. I gifted it to my cousin & he is very happy with it. Thanks amazon. Keep it up.
nice to have this !!
got this phone for the lowest price RS 13,323. thank you so much ... its worth for this price... :)
The phone has everything that makes a good smartphone in this range. Camera is for sure a big WOW in lumia. Apps that will be used in day to day life are there in play store. Biggest point "It's sexy and not a white phone which is in everyone's pocket ;) ". The item was delivered within 2 days. Hats off. Amazon. :cheers:
Excellent phone. Bought it after reading reviews and my past experience with Nokia. Touch screen -- simply superb. Ease of use, big screen, (though not so great photos,,,but for real occasions, one has proper camera).
Flash transfer not available, tube mate not available, we can download the video from tube downloader but it is not store directly in phone so we can not send videos to others only we can see the video... Like this lot of drawbacks s there in application wise.. This mobile s not suitable to India.. Because we can't see always videos and picture in online.. This is very users friendly for wifi and 3g using person...more Windows software applications should be come quickly equal to android...android s best now a days...
Its very good to use and its camera is so clear and touch screen is so good than others.
The set was faulty otherwise configuration and rate was good though little backdated
It was a good deal from amazon. I really love the product and its good for its features.
Thanks amazon.i think it was a great deal with you.phone is working fine.thanks again..
everything is good but phone getting hang many times... taking lot of time to switch on
The phone gets heated up drastically while charging (if the battery is down completely)
awesome product touch is awesome just like apple must buy thanks amazon you are great
hangs, low battery life, slow and cant be shut down while charging automatically starts
It is awesome, clear screen . touch, look and the all features including sound clarity.
got old product .but .due to my problame not returned my self but not get any compencet
Instrument is defective. having problem in switching it on. facing other problems too.
Nokia Lumia Windows phones are easy to use. Should try once if looking for smartphone.
its getting hang..how to hide the listening icon..when we long press the search icon ?
I got it with windows 8.1 i doubt its genuinity as d product comes with windows 8
First time I buy mobile from amazon and I am feeling less, sometimes it hang . . . . .
Got at 9k in October 2014 but surprised after knowing that its market price is 6500/-
Amazing Phone under 10k.. No lag on running any app till now. Fast delivery by Amazon
its a good smartphone with build in office. however the battery could perform better.
all is ok except this phone has not connected to laptop / computer for data transfer.
Good Value for Money has almost all the features but yes amazon delivery is too slow.
I got it with 8999 only.in this range it is the best phone with the brand name nokia
FACEBOOK APPLICATION DOESN'T WORK PROPERLY. MOST OF THE TIME NO PHOTOS ARE DISPLAYED.
Very Sad Service. I was promised gift voucher of Rs. 400. and i still dont have it..
Amazing mobile from Amazon... just a bit of delay in delivery.. so will give 4 stars
Good Smart Phone. Value for Money. Good Battery Backup with High Features that's it.
Cool windows phone 8.1 Cool color Cool performance Cool batter backup
Good quality, original brand & service of amazon is very good deliver within 2 days
The only problem that this mobile has is that it's very slow in connecting to wifi.
No issue. good Speed and large screen. Satisfy with the features and performance.
Good phone, All specifications are good except low resolution display and low RAM
After using Androids and also the Nokia Lumia 820... i am more satisfied with Nokia Lumia 625 becoz of its smoothness and fast processor... It is Dual Core and 512 MB RAM but still it powerful and stays ahead of Quad Cores... I bought Nokia Lumia 625 from Amazon and this guys are really up to the mark in delivery and package sense. Very decent shopping experience i got from Amazon. I am praising Amazon becoz they are selling good and genuine products only. Nokia Lumia 625 stands good for times with its nice Battery back up and all i am regulary watching 1080p videos and playing HD games and using 3G with amazing lightning fast even it 4G one of the biggest advantage for future usage....I am content with Nokia Lumia 625. Guys! go for it use it then you will remember my words.
Authenticate your product and its pricing before posting it on your site for sale. Incorrect information and cancelling already confirmed deliveries gives a very poor taste.
I really love this phone. Windows app are high quality. I see no issue in screen resolution. But note that this phone do not have gyrometer so compass app do not work.
just an awsm LUMIA best with Windows 8.1 and cyan update just lovin it
Right now I order 3 mobiles but no benefits from this online stroke approx 45000
best mobile in price which i paid for this and amazing delivery.thanks amazon.in
Excellent phone*******...i would rather say cloudtail provides the best product
i just loved this phone @ this lowest price , Thanks to Amazon and seller !!!!!
Great buy at affordable price & working fine but hangs sometime due to 512 ram!
NICE ONE PHONE AND 4.7 INCH IPS DISPLAY FOR WHO WANT GAME PLAY IS BEST FOR THEM
Genuine product... Meet my expectations... And also a great service by amazon.
It is a good phone with latest features such 4G etc but it has only 512 mb ram
Best Phone functioning very smoothly , battery life too good unlike Samsung :)
Thanx to Amazon...Delivery before time, price and product both were awesome...
Nice phone ....in this price just 7999/-.. Delivery was perfect on time..
its a good product for RS 6500 but sometime it hangs may because of 512mb ram
Nice product but too much time has been spend in the shipping of the product.
Its awsome propduct as well as amazon service to delievred this cargo on time
It is good and overall it has a warrenty of 13 months which is very very good
it is a very good smart phone with limited budget with all important features
Overall satisfied with the phone. However, the camera could have been better.
Wonderful mobile. Great offers. Promptly delivered. Amazon the great!!!!!!!.
awwwwwsome mobile..... best price.... best model..... best price... love it
Extraordinary mobile. I already update 8.1 is now looks like extreamly well
Mobile is keeping on hanging, cannot find the real problem occurring on it.
Bought this for my aunty. Her first ever smartphone. Works well for her! :)
Great experience so far! It hanged once after it was put into flight mode.
Product is really good but not happy for time taken to deliver the product
awesome phone...
630 DUAL 7.5 PE MILTHA HAI THO ISKA RICE 6K HONA CHAHIYE.IT IS MY OPINION
Absolutely satisfying experience with the product as well as the seller.
Also Depends on manufacturer warrant and after sales service in future.
Its good phone n u start loving it always windows rocksssss...........
Defective Peace, there is no combination between camera and Flash Light
It a good product. Worth the money. Also the Amazon delivery was good.
Excellent windows phone... good battery life... smooth functioning. ..
Good one of a reasonable price.. compare to other stores in the market
Ease of use, ease of sync with One Note & EMail box with official ID!!
A product matches with the price, quality of my expectation. Excellent
AWESOME PHONE GO FOR IT.............. THIS IS MY 2nd LUMIA 625...
Smooth. Feels good to handle. Nice camera. Great phone for the price.
Its an ultimate product meets all expectations with reasonable price.
PIECE IS GOOD BUT ONLY SINGLE SIM IHOPE THAT HAS TWO SIM CONNECTIVITY
Ok not bad but there was some problem so i returned it. Amazon Rocks
Really love the seller-online paradise This is original product
best one but recent times many mobiles overcome it at the same price
diplay is washed out iam getting doubht wheather it is repaired item
I am a brand loyal person. Nokia before, Nokia now and Nokia after.
very good Smart mobile, the cost of this handset is very worth,
Awesome phone if you are really tired using android than go for this
Net the pictures are not presenting in the screen always problems .
625 is worth it. In this range I got many features. Thanks Amazon.
Im satisfied.... but only d phone packaging seems to b very old....
nice phone...I bought it at 7999/- with 10% cash back on hdfc card.
Phone is ok & the Charger worked only for two days & got corrupted.
Phone hangs every now and then. Not at all happy with the purchase.
I brought this phone on Diwali offer at 6999/- rs i really loved it
Its gud...I am happy with amazon services as well as nokia product.
Very good phone...fast, user friendly and less price in amazon.....
Good product but received it late, may be because of diwali season.
Touch is super. Cam is not that gr8. Performance is better compare to samsung. Colors are very trendy. You wont find much apps.
Supeb phone...
Good Phone....
Good product. I purchased this at 7k which is at offer. Good phone
Simply superb... love my babe <3 Lumia625 <3... haha... :)
Nice phone and gud features at reasonable price...thanks to amazon
It is worth for the money. Navigation is good and never hangs up..
Nokia Lumia is Best phone ever..... It's smother then Android.....
Overall its a good except it hanged twice in this couple of months
Satisfied need screen guard and cover for screen and phone safety
Amazing product at the special price I received it from Amazon :)
The Phone is really awesome for its price..... It feels wonderful to have it on ur hands.Thanks to Nokia and Amazon
i have never expected this price.. amazon giving amazing prize..
Excellent same has expected nice quality came with good packing.
the product is good so far and the amazon's sevice is great
Nokia lumia 625 quality is good but ram is to less.overall good.
Camera quality is not very good.it should be more user friendly.
charger was missing, cant download my fav games like candy crush
Hi Guys, Phone is looking smart and it worked perfectly during the first week but suddenly one black mark appeared in the screen. I dont understand whether are they refurbished pieces or new brand pieces from nokia. When i contacted to nokia care then i was told that this mark might become larger and would need to changed the screen. This is really embarrasing moment for me then i choosen for replacement of the device. Iam wishing atleast the replacement could reach my expectations. Pals, pls be aware of the changes might happen in the phone.
Lumia 625 is hanging a lot.the phone gets heated up very soon..
Product is so much good and no hanging problem. I just love it.
Nice product & features are good...other than VGA front camera.
bought this one...loved using this phone.amazing phone........!
Great Phone....I gifted it to my wife and she is super happy :)
nokia lumia 625 is best mobile to me that i have used till date
I have been using it since a month and till now had no problem
I'm using the mobile for past one month and I'm happy with it.
i dont know about phone much. is it genuine one please comment
Nice phone,is fast,nice display,has sufficent battery backup.
GOOD PHONE FOR PEOPLE USING WINDOWS, ALTHOUGH A LITTLE HEAVY.
Fine but too much tempted (hot) when it is in continues using
Wow Super speed with 8.1 windows very nice.. love to use it..
This is excellent phone and I got it at 5999 in daily deals.
Low quality product by Microsoft. I returned back to amazon.
phone is hanging up....... suddendly screen zoon in....
good picture qulity and cmera also good touch also good
I am very happy and I have got wonderful service from Amazon
good phone to those whose want to buy their first smartphone
Super windows phone in budget.. only con is its single sim..
Good phone but one time hang .but now good run .good design.
Good product. Worth every penny. I got it for 7999/- ... :-)
Too Bad, heavy & Slow 2 star only for nokia as a brand
good phone for for 4G ONLY PROBLEM for call recording
sirf dikhane k liye acha hai hang hota hai dont purchase it
excellent phone, excellent speed but a little slow in speed
nice phone to use the in my life first time to touch mobile
Phone superb
Good Product
Amazing deal
I like phone
Happy with Amazon and the product.......Excellent !!!!!!!!
Amazing phone in the range....perfect delivery by Amazon:)
thanks for the timely delivery and for the Great product..
there was no screen guard and looks to be refurbished set.
a real nice phne wth all the required features... trully affordable.....a nice phne to go wth.... and obviously wth amazon... they gve a vry nice service.. including packeging....
Very nice product.. worth buying it and delivered in time
I love Lumia but into this phone the one problem is hang.
Its working okay, though it is lacking in some features.
I am highly satisfied with the item that I have ordered.
my opinion is if it is dual sim more purchases will come
good phone.but bad delivery.took about 2 and half weeks.
This phone is being used by my son and he is very happy
very good mobile,,,,but back cover opening not good....
Thank You . Item condition was good as expected. Super.
My first online purchase, satisfied with the product.,,
I've got @ 6000rs with 10% cash back. Thanks Amazaon.in
Good phone. but all apps are not available for this OS.
not dual sim poor cam quality poor resolution
Nokia Lumia 625 is amazing phone It working very smooth
GOOD PHONE BUT ONLY SINGLE SIM BUT EVERY THING IS OKAY
compare now adays it gets cheap rate in amzon web site
very goog product...donno y the production is stopped.
The phone works in ways more than I expected out of it
I love this mobile so much...it is a very good mobile.
Excellent mobile. Its fast, good looking and fantastic
Awesum... got dis phone at a staggering 49% Discount..
Product is Good. Delivered before the mentioned date.
the product is very good and it is delivered on time
thanks. atleast the price is better than market.
i need another one for my brothet with same rate!!!!!
Value for money smartphone. Happy with the purchase .
No can challenge the quality of nokia and amazon deal
Very Good service and mobile was awesome.. i loved it
got the fone in awesome condtion thank yu amazon
Very Very beautiful phone and good service by seller.
excellent phone for reasonable price thank you amazon
This is first product which I got defective and thanks to amazon for returning my refund
As everyone said, my phone never hangs. I don't feel 512MB ram inside. It works just great. Battery lasts a day very easily even after moderate usage(checking mails, tweets, playing asphalt 8 for half an hour, playing music..). Word flow is really better than the swipe of any android mobile. I never felt lack in apps in the store. All important apps are available. It gives you additional 15GB (30GB in total) storage in one drive.
Phone is good. Just that the camera quality is not as expected. As far as 5 MP goes, it must have been much better.Another cons that must be mentioned is that the phone is superhot after few minutes of use. Not being a gamer it might not that much of a concern but I would surely put this among on of the disappointments. Other than that phone works well. Big screen and good touch sensitivity should be the pros to be noted.
I love the Lumia phone . Happy to get a good price.
Worth buying and with the sale it was less pricey...
NOKIA LUMIA 625 IS GOOD.THIS PRODUCT IS GOOD QUALITY
I got a fault device and amazon returned my money :)
Hangs on frequently, not a good experience overall
This phone is good. But started hang after 1month.
Its pretty good and i received at my expected time
superbbb phone ever in loweset price on amazon....
nice piece. White colour is not very shining.
thanks amazone its awesome phone thanks very much
Nice phone
Best ya its a good and good delivery thank amazon
Costly and very bad phone.please do not buy this.
Hangs occasionally, overall meets my expectations
Needs improvement in updating status of delivery.
Good phone but lacks in sound quality and display
Good phone in that range...speed is fast enough..
Nice Piece...I m fully satisfied with this set...
good product but camera clarity is little bit low
Wishing for more RAM. otherwise a lovely product.
Got it for mere 6999/- with 8.1 windows. love it
Awesome phone at less price. Enjoing my phone :)
I like it very much, best phone for this budget.
I am using this phone since 21st April 2014. Initially it was working good but now after 4 months, the phone is slow...very slow and it hangs. Once it get hang, wont be able to switch it off and I have to wait until battery get dry. It happened many times. Recently it fell down from 2-3 feet height.. bottom right corner got broke. I will not buy Nokia Windows phone again.
large screen windows phone with good interface and functions. less apps in the store but is great for every purpose.
Camera written 5 MP but not at per with Samsung
excellent phone battery backup is too good
The phone is really awesome, works really good.
Great service by Amazon and really good phone.
Perfect phone with looks of premium class.....
This was very good phone and thanks to amazon.
It is Crap. Broke in 1 day from a 1 foot fall.
very nice
VERY GOOD
Loved it!
I have purchased this phone,fully unsatisfied..there is a dot in the display and the phone hanging without installing any apps :( camera is worst-there is large noise in the images :( .sound is almost good :) touch sensitivity for the back button windows button and search button is low.video clarity is almost good but not vivid.battery backup is very good.its very complicate to install apps and import contacts as compared to android.since after a few days i am bored with windows OS. The choice is yours :)
It is very good phone in the range of 7500/-.
the phone is as working as per my expectation
removal of battery cover is a difficult task.
Every thing is running well. Apps works good.
on time delivery n satisfied with the product
I got it at very cheap price from AMAZON.....
Superb phone for low price. Loved it. :)
Excelling deal and value for the money I paid
Excellent phone from Nokia.. Worth of Money..
Mobile is getting switch off daily two time
Good and arrived before time and wellcovered
There are lot problem for facebook..........
No support from Google. No gmail, No YouTube
My first exp with a windows phone and its very very good...touch sensitivity,battery backup camera n most other features r really good..m very impressed wid this phone n guys i already hav samsung note 2 n moto g at home..really nice phone overall..n last bt nt the least..thnx to amazon for timely delivery at a great offer price..
all good but , singel sim, otherwise all ok
Very nice working,tuch screen is very fast.
Bought one after another. Really liked it.
Not very good. Problem in display sometime.
Very good  phone in this price Rs. 7999/-
Got it only for ₹8000/-...working great too
Awesome phone with good features and price
The phone is good. It is value for money.
A great Mobile.. thankss to amazon...
At this price this is the best smartphone.
Nice phone..wit all d features of computer
happy but no garrentty i am very desapiant
good and excellent product no disadvantage
Nice phone it's to fast I like it ........
Excellent phone with Best Battery Back-up.
Great phone in great price. Amazon rocks.
Superb phone thanks for the amazing offer
awesome phone. just lllllooooving it
It's great future phone just enjoying....
Fulfills my requirement to greate extent.
lumia 625 never come up the expectation .
Its ok... but not reached my ecpertations
Its a nice product and worth for 9000....
Would rather recommend a android phone...
fantastic touch good camera good looking
Got it at 8000. Good smartphone with 4G.
this mobile is in single sim or dual sim
very good mobile only concern is 512 Ram
Nice phone at this price and nice seller
My brother is very happy wth ma gift....
I have got the phone on best price ever.
Nice phone with best price thanks Amazon
The Phone is Ok, Good at this Price. But Amazon is selling all the defective pieces, the screen is leaking. I see a dot on the bottom of the screen. I have seen reviews where others also complain the same... screen has a dot. Mobile wise it is a Good Phone at Best Price.
Dear sir, I have purchased one nos. Nokia Lumia 625 orange color, in the month of October-14 dated dispatch received on 12-10-14, but sometime touch screen not working properly and also operation hanging problems facing so please resolved this matter urgently to enjoy my uninterrupted service. Your best support will be highly appreciated. Thanks & Regards Dhiraj Gupta
Dose not have video calling facility :(
Windows phone and download not properly
Nice phone and prompt delivery as told.
As of now, its working fine. No issues!
Excellent Product but 4G not available
Excellent Mobile and Amazon is rocking
Excellent phone by nokia at best price
Nice mobile............. Go for it....
awesome
It's too good!! A phone of my choice.
it's nice and value for the money....
i am fully satisfied with the product
it is very good phone with 4g support
Bought it for my dad and he likes it.
Good product. Amazon is awesome.
good phone and good service of amazon
Phone is getting hot after some time.
This is my first smart phone. I am still learning how to use its features. So far I like it. The only thing I have noticed that the quality of the photographs taken by this phone ar of OK quality. may be I need to learn, how to take good pictures with this phone.
Black spot on scren with in a month.
good but sometimes the phone freezes
it's a good phone after used 1 month
superb.. more value for less money..
Best mobile of 2014 in Price of 8999
Excellent Item and Amazon is rocking
Look wise and performance wise good.
Good phone and good amazon delivery.
Large screen,hassle free;good value.
excellent quality .. thanks flipkart
Good for nokia Best deal Amazon
i just hate it.. because the phone which was given to me was defective.Amazon should sell a quality phones on the other hand there is no replacement by Amazon, you should keep atleast ten days replacement warranty on every mobiles or any other stuffs
lumia 625 pcs is so nice and amzone offer i like it . but my mobile dilevary is so late. amazone say 17 oct to place dilevry my order given 10 octomber and mobile delevered 19th octomber . itssss such so bad exp. o buy amzone site..
Nice product.but resulation is low.
How to update free calling WhatsApp
Superb performance and Nice Product
very very nice phone .... go for it
It was not the earphone I expected.
Offer price N oder not good packing
Above my expectations...especially after downloading windows 8.1. Will stay loyal to Microsoft. Think I might upgrade to the Lumia 1520 for more power and features. If this cheaper model is so impressive far less for the higher end versions.
At this price... dont think twice.
phone is good battery back is poor
I see frequent hang of the Mobile.
still android is best than windows
it's a good windows phone!!! :D :P
very good rate & deleivery service
ITS GOOD AND MET THE EXPECTATIONS.
i bought this phone from amazon but i received a defective phone.there was a spot on the display of mobile so me return it back to amazon for refund and i get refund in just two days. because of this i m so happy to be with amazon
Wife loves it.what more to say!!!
After using 6 months.. Simply wow
ok for 7.5k.good for normal usage
i want insurance for this product
super fone with affordable budget
Hand set is hanging frequently...
nice phone .touch is veey smooth.
defective item.returned to amazon
Good product,promt delivery time.
Awesome product at best price :-)
Nice product and on time delivery
very nyc phone.... worth buying:)
Touch became unresponsive and it hanged completely,tried to power off but not possible. One thing I also noted that they have provided Nokia lumia 625 orange in the box of Nokia lumia 625(BLACK).WHAT CAN I SAY AFTER THAT!
Product is good but cost is more
a loss by purchasing this phone
Timely delivery, intact product.
Got this at 7k. Thanks amazon :)
Great good mobile in cheap price
A very good phone in 8999 rupees
Decent, simple, value for money!
don't buy ..if u buy u will cry
nokia always keeps its standard
Good phone . Worth for the cost
Batter then other in this range
Nice Phone....Just go for it...
It's amazing..... Cell phone...
Good gaming mobile at this cost
One of the best gadget of Nokia
sound quality is below average.
super gadge that suits in hands
awesome phone with all features
Good phone as professional use.
Firstly I got the phone for the best price at that time, and I am pretty happy about it. But then the phone is not what I had in my mind, It does not have any great smart phone feature, many apps sucks, especially facebook. But the phone gives a run for your money, its really worth for the price.
its a good phone at this price
good fone i love this features
the cell is not good working
more shipping info is required
excellent mobile,super service
Good to have a phone like this
Product is met my requirement.
awesome deal..thanks to Amazon
quality good..value for money
good quality & Quick Delivery
Very Good Product...On Amazon
Good deal and value for Money
Excellent Wroth for the Money
Internet connectivity problem
Good phone not hanging ......
worth purchasing it in amazon
great phone.. but i would recoment ios or android to be better becoz of their app store and and functionality missing in a windows phone otherwise as a phone its a great product..:)
low light camera was a bit disappointing...remaining very satisfactory and value for money....screen 3 star, low light photography 2.5 star, remaining 5 star considering the price 12738
nice product..nice product..
The phone was cost effective
Great buy at the best price.
Lumia is better than galaxy.
I like it worthy from amazon
Great phone. Quick delivary.
hangs a lot; do not purchase
Just One Word ... Awesome :)
A device worth it's price...
superb mobile. working fast.
awesome...worth every penny.
nice phone and good delivery
nice and good transaction...
Very Good Product and buyer
k, some time processor slow
Good, delivered before time
very nice phone @nice price
the phone is okay.....i have been using this just for 5 days ordered from amazon n then i start noticing that the screen sometmes appeared blurred but now its o.k.
WOW phone I am not explain
For offered price its good
A very good mobile handset
Having a great experience.
Excellent Price & Quality.
good phone nd nice packing
its too much in this phone
Too small for me interms .
Good product at good price
super & thank's for amazon
One day delivery very good
I have ordered this phone on 29Aug, and received it the very next day. The time it took for me to migrate the contact details from my old iPhone to this was a breeze and it took hardly few minutes with the help of "Transfer My Data" app. 1. I love the calendar, as it gives me the same kind of flexibility as in Microsoft Outlook in my laptop. 2. Typing with the help of Shape Writing is making the life simple, and I am able to compose even very lengthy emails very fast. 3. Battery Life is good, and it lasts for the whole day, even when I was using it continuously during the first couple of days to download and configure the apps. 4. The office products are really very helpful for users like me, who predominantly use this phone for business purpose. 5. The RAM is more than sufficient for my use as I do not use games and other RAM hungry applications.
best in class,, affordable. for big screen n excellent display wid lumia black... n unique body. good camera quality. n obiviously x-box.
processer not sufficient.
best phone for price.....
it is good mobile to have
got more than expectation
This product is very good
gr8 fone....nice features
nice mobile for beginners
faulty product ..........
this phone is really good
at this price it is worth
Why your prices are differing from colour to colour on Nokia Lumia 625 from green and white and black? But the product features re the same. Explain
phone usually hangs . camera not very good. windows update not available yet 8.1 overall poor . not recommended to any one
Good.and prompt services
Good phone at this price
It was a so - so phone.
Working Fine , i love it
Good Phone... Satisfied.
Good one with less price
Quality product of Nokia
Awesome thank you Amazon
GOOD PHONE AT THIS PRICE
good phone I like it....
Very gud Mobile..like it
don' go for Nokia Lumia 625 that Model has Proximity Sensor Issue and same issue persists in most of the Lumia Phones such as 625,720,920,925
good
nice
GOOD
it is an awesome phone
not bad nither good avg
Awesome for this price.
Really amazing 4G Phone
Very Nice phone........
Best mobile to buy.....
fantastic windows phone
Perfect at this price..
best phone awwssm price
VERY GOOOOOOOOOOD PRICE
Have been using Nokia for many years. Expected N625 to continue their user friendly features. Has turned out to be a pain, frustrating.
Looks like i got a defective piece, it's getting over heated. After 4 or 5 days it even lost the touch capability!! Very bad
It has heating problem
That was pretty good..
excellent performance!
gud phone at gr8 price
i like nokia lumia 625
Oftenly hanged itself.
It was nice experience
This phone is not good and it is always giving wifi connection issue. it will always tell flight mode is on pls disable it.
Hats off to Nokia....
Loved it from amazon.
Phone was heating up.
Very good condition .
ear phone not working
ear phone not working
Windows is an amazing
It is very good price
It was so good thanks
automatic switch off
Totally.....flawless
product is very good
Its an amazing phone
Performance is good.
good value for money
not much as expected
Met my expectations.
product is very good
Good value for money
it is a great mobile
It's incredible deal
still working f9....
love dis phone, big screen gr8 touch, wanna hav windows phne & i own it.... nice one in windows phone
Very excipients....
I like it very much
Good Nokia product.
Pros- 1. Looks good, sturdy. 2. Windows 8.1 is ultimate. 3. Front camera is adequate, but not for selfie lovers. 4. All medium games like subway surfer, temple run is works smoothly. 5. Camera apps is good, 6. Sunlight readabilty is fine. Cons 1. Rear camera is not up to the mark. 2. Screen resulation should be more. Reading text is bad experience. 3. Call dialer needs some improvement. 4. Call voice is some what artificial. 5. Pich to zoom is not working. 6. Applock not completely works on this phone because of windows limitations. Overall this phone should be around 7K, as L535 is available at 9k with higher specifiactions.
A good Smart phone.
Gud at giving price
Good phone at 9k...
Good for a phone with 512 mb. Even the pics are fine My son enjoys the games esp temple run 2..
Not good brother
nice windows phone
so far.. so good..
Excellent product.
one of good mobile
Very good phone...
it is good in use.
very good phone...
Best Phone....!!!!
very good product.
Got it in a very good condition but not satisfied with the packaging.So ,i giving it 4 star.
Very very good 
I m unhappy....ð
nice phone ......
i love this phone
excellent product
Super fast mobile
very nice product
Value for Money !
Good As Expected.
amazing luv nokia
nice and xcellent
The product is working fine, bigger screen is always better, sound output is good, camera is decent , resolution could have been better but not a bad deal for Rs 7999. Though i have doubts regarding that my handset had win 8.1 out of the box, but the product from the company comes with win 8 and has to be upgraded to 8.1, so i have my doubts regarding the genuinity and warranty of the product, and also if the product was opened before or not , though the box had nokia seal, anybody else who faced the same situation ?
A good phone overall. I am using the phone for the past sin and half months. No great issues yet now. I am a regular teen and use the phone various uses such browsing, chatting, gaming etc. Pros The phone works perfect not just simply good. It doesn't get heated too fast and gets heated after long time of gaming. The battery is okay stands averagely a day with gaming and internet usage. The display is good and it is the right size for handling. Not too big, not too small. Could withstand some falls by mistake (average height of 3-4 feet). It has a g2 gorilla glass Both the front and back camera could be better. Not a good choice for ameteur photographers and selfi takers. (Pixels get damaged when over zoomed) The navigation keys should have lights to operate in dark places. Overall a good phone in budget
Its a gud phone of lumia family, the touch is really really awesome. but the ram is only 512 Mb which is a drawback.
Very excellent !
Phone is ok.....
Worth for Money.
very good phone!
Good Product....
its awesome ..!!
Value for money.
excellent device
Value for money!
value for money.
very good mobile
Product is good.
best phone .....
Bought it last November. Really satisfied with its performance. Never hangs, but a little slow in startup of apps, maybe because of syncing through data or wi-fi. Upsides: As good as your computer. Big screen size, but not big enough to be uncomfortable. Really good battery life. Superb Touchscreen. Downsides: Fragile screen, please don't let it fall screen-down. No Folder-view of files stored. Camera, a little uncompetitive with nokia lenses.
I was using andriod since last 3 year ....but Windows 8.1 lumia experience is outstanding..................so fast Internet surfing in 2G like 3G Downloding speed about 3 time faster than any andriod mobile Super touch like very high end mobile superb slim and stylish camera quality is average in night but in daylighjt is outstanding BUT Amazon Courier Service is Pathetic.............................but at the end i am very happy with my lumia 625
GOOD ONE TO USE
excellent phone
Value for money
value for money
very nice phone
This is awesome
I AM LOVE IN IT
It's amazing...
Awesome product
Perfect handset
fully satisfied
Excellent phone
Amazing product
Value for money
VERY GOOD PRICE
VERY GOOG PRICE
Good phone....
waste of money
so far so good
Cool nd trendy
Simply superb.
ok good cemera
Very Excellent
finely working
Good mobile.
Awesome device
best deal ever
its awesomeeee
Great offer...
It's very nice
It is really a awesome one. with in the budget it is a very good mobile one can choose. pros : touch sensitivity, cam clarity is good enough(as it is a carl ziess lens),battery life.sound clarity cons : phone width(a broad one to handle), nothing else. after 8.1(cyan update) in OS. it will be a excellent one. but if i had more money i'll go to 720 instead. as of budget it is worthy & good.
ok
I love it....
Nice phone..
Nice product.
Amazing deals
Nice mobile..
this was best
Good Product.
Meet my needs
phone is good
ITS GOING GUD
Good product.
Good product,
It was masttt
Nice Product.
Dear all, I PURCHASED LUMIA 625 ON 14 OF OCT AND TODAY 3 OF NOV.14 BUT I STILL NOT RECEIVE IT I DID A 2 MAIL AND THRICE CALLED IN CUS.CARE BUT STILL NOT RECEIVED IT IALSO DID PRE PAYMENT BUT AMAZON'S EXPERIENCE IS WORST EVEN ITS MORE THEN IT AS IT IS A BIG NETWORK SO AMAZONE SHOULD WORK ON IT FOR BATTER FUT.AS NOW MARKET HAVING SO MANY PLAYERS. WROST WORST
I was fully satisfied regarding delivery and the product.
Defective...
Good working
Wonderful!!!
nice phone..
Just awesome
Good article
i like it...
Poor quality
1 number....
Experiencing
budget phone
Best product
nice product
good not bad
Received in Original Packaging and sealed product. Love to buy anything from Amazon.in. The Mobile i received is very nice and original box and accessories. Nice product and very very very reasonable price by seller and very nice service by Amazon. Everyone can use it easily. Thanks to Nokia and Amazon.
Good mobile
Super phone
Really Good
Good mobile
great phone
Well & good
Super offer
Good mobile
Great phone
Loved It :)
great deal.
Nice phone.
nice phone.
worst phone
Good phone.
Too good...
Good phone
nice phone
No Comment
Nice phone
Nice phone
it is good
Nice phone
excellent
good phone
i like it.
nice phone
Good phone
good offer
good phone
I HAT THIS
nice phone
works fine
Good serve
Good Phone
perfect...
good phone
great deal
Good phone
good deal!
Product is the same as mentioned in the site, Came with good Packing, One was of Nokia and another was of Amazon. I was using Android mobile from past 3 years, and i need some creativity in UI and good performance with low cost, Lumia 625 was best and among all.
Good One!
i love it
Very good
It's good
i love it
very good
very good
good deal
excellent
Satisfied
Very good
excellent
Very nice
Best Deal
Best deal
very good
very good
Excellent
Excellent
good ..:)
i like it
very nice
Toooo gud
Good One but some loo pole in Lumia Instrument, No File Manager and No sent Option in Whats'app Video, And Many Query's
Excellent Delivery by Amazon. Phone is great. Amazing touch , Camera , Speed . Some say PPI is very less, I dont find much difference. Its great. If you dont like android,this is the phone for you.
not good
too good
Nice one
Good one
all fine
nice one
Nice one
its good
Good one
amazing.
goog one
Nice pic
Perfect!
Its good
Good one
Nice one
Good one
Good One
Good one
Update 1: I've opened the package and now I'm thinking of ditching my girlfriend.. I'm in love with this piece. Can't say whether its 8/8.1 but there's an Action center and it says Cyan update. So I guess its an 8.1
The Phone you sent is not working properly, network drops now and then, unable to hear the voice from the other end please make sure when u send the product, its genuine, now what should I do is my main concern?
nokia brand now a local brand
i used android for two years and then thought of checking windows OS too.. if u have not used android, blindly go for any android phone. if u had used android lot, and wanted to have new mobile experience got for it.
I was expecting a good product from u guys but im very disapointed with the my purchase. just a waste of time.
its simply awesome for the price paid. i hate android so i always like windows. good for all the basic purposes of a smartphone. i dnt usually play games in smart phones, so no comments on that. talking about the software (windows 8).... 1)need file manager 2)videos downloaded through apps (like youtube hd, uc browser) will remain inside it and is not accessible even through PC. 3)phone switch on automatically if we try to charge in switched off mode people who are addicted to android may not like this phone... but this is my review and i found this product good, so please dont argue with me....
It is a good phone - in this range. Sound clarity is excellent, good for music. As a first time user of Windows platform, I find this a good entry level phone.
having Proximity Sensor issue, don't go for Nokia Lumia 625 that Model has Proximity Sensor Issue and same issue persists in most of the Lumia Phones such as 625,720,920,925
-Fast loading applications -long life battery(3-4 days depending on usage) -Good camera result in its range -All necessary apps are available -operating is different -
Awesome
amazing
parkavi
ok good
djfjbfj
it's ok
owesome
LOVE IT
Awesome
Back cover was demaged , when I called at customer call center they refuse to replace the phone the told to give back money I was very disappointed with not replacing that
As per my experience with the mob, its ok as it gets hanged often , application closses by itself and no camera clearity, but it has its metits, ya good phone at last
big screen totally awesome! cool features! perfectly priced! no probs at all! beauty! amazing! lived it! go for it! no worries!
Its a awwsum phone. Sound quality is not good nokia should improve then it will be the best. Browsing is also very fast. Good and enjoyble along with good battery backup..
Lumia 625 is good phone,when u update Windows 8.1 then the phone is working very fast,touch is smoothly working,but I not reviewed warranty card.Packing was not good.
i like it. nice cam. premium feel. fresh ui. though there are some problems with touch but i can live with it, while waiting for the update, especially windows 10 :-)
It was delivered way before than I expected. The phone works beautifully, very quick and efficient, the best part is got it for a lower price compared to other sites.
I like nokia since N serries model. Recenty I brought Nokia lumia 625 that is very useful me. 1.Good battary life. 2.Thanks to amazon. 3.8.1 updated.
pefect
Better
GOOD!!
Nt bad
Supper
Thanks
Nice !
Dont ever buy a lumia (windows) you will hate it....There is nothing in Windows phone. and remember ..." dont buy a phone with Gorilla glass.....
After using Lumia 535, this is little older version windows phone as no such friendly & customized to use but definitely worth of money. from Amazon.
Brilliant phone , VFM !! It has everythin ur looking for in a budget smartphone , and Windows and Nokia forma great pair. Loving it.... !!
Overall good product with decent battery back-up. Drawback - Picture quality is NOT up to mark. Application takes time to be opened.
User friendly WP. Very sensitive touch screen makes working on it very comfortable. Worth the price paid. Great service from Amazon.
ygh9j
Super
fraud
great
super
Good.
[...]
faulty plz dont purchase this phone as seller is selling faulty products .........there are problem with display and phone.
A very good phone for daily use and I love it. The only thing is it lacks in 3G/GSM networks selection
Nokia lumia 625.. I got it at a fab price of 7999 INR.. This was just a big deal.. Love you Amazon..
Sad it is all lies the actual price it self is the less. Like 7500. Lies at people shows me at 19k
GOod
good
good
Nice
good
Good
poor
okay
good
good
good
good
Good
good
good
good
good
NICE
nice
good
Good
Good
good
good
This
good
good
good
Okay
Good
Good
good
good
Good
good
Goog
nice
best
A good budget phone. With a decent camera, screen size, windows UI, and excellent battery life.!
Unable to play videos on IE or any other browsers. Unable to register in Nokia account too.
this phone is defect item because when am using a call or game, ear piece is heating.
If you are looking for a smartphone with good battery life, Your search ends here Enjoy the lag free experience with all the important apps you need excluding the viruses and malware
not bad,compare to other colors except orange...ram is not sufficient
Gud
Modest buy seeing the features and user friendly apps compatability
VERY GOOD, but its need to imporve service , interm of delivery
THE PHONE IS SLOW, THE PHONE IS CUMBERSOME, THE PHONE DOES NOT HAVE ANTI SCREEN ROTATION LOCK, IN THE DARK THE 3 MAIN KEYS DO NOT GLOW AND ITS A REFURBISHED PHONE COS EVERYTIME I GO TO THEH CALL FORWARDING OPTION IT FORWARDS MY CALL TO A NEW NO WHICH IS NOT THERE IN MY PHONE BOOK, SO OBVIOUSLY A PREVIOUS USER OF THIS SAME SEALED PHONE HAS USED IT AND FEEDED IN HIS NO.
It was hanging many times. Never expected. Bad feelings
Worth a buy!. Bought it for 8999. Met the expectations.
I was expecting to have video call facility, but i found it's not available. i would have no chosen this mobile, preferred Moto G.
Awesome mobile.this mobile satisfi my all features.
Nokia Lumia 625 is awesome, and stylish as well.
Good deal , have gifted it to my office peon
Ok
ok
G8 Phone.. Best phn for Avg usage... :)
GREAT MOBILE IN THIS PRICE RANGE...
Very good mobile . User Friendly.
Dear Sir, This is just to inform you that I have received the product about an hour back. It came with a proper company seal. After powering on and finishing the initial settings the phone started behaving unusually. The home screen freezes and stops responding to touch. and after that it switched off automatically. Now the phone stops booting. It is now showing a blue screen with a white smiley and automatically getting switched on and off after frequently. Please suggest me what should I do. Thank you in advance. Regards. Soumitra Mandal. 9432018003
damaged items are dispatched
Really nice and satisfied
The phone is great.... Advantages: Large screen Good battery life No problem with resolution Design is good Sound quality is good Excellent sensitivity No lag even in big games Drawbacks: Camera quality is poor Lack of good apps in windows store Video quality is average Phone gets heated up if big apps are opened
Working Excellently.
Excellent product.
no. 1 phone.....
very good phone
Nice product..
it was nice !
superb model
good mobile
Ya its good
Great phone
Good phone
very good
Good! :)
Not bad
Battery isn't well.. It has lagging problem and hanged a few times also..
which app is batter for video chating in 2g for lumia ??????????
good
The phone is good to use and very responsible and so on.. But the problem is heating like a coil. Even u using with 2g connection the phone is heavily heating. I was an android user. Windows phone is disgusting. Microsoft protected the phone with high security against viruses. But the user also a virus for windows phone.. No file manager. I am very disappointed with this windows phone... Never go for this. Choose Android or ios.
Unfortunately I got a defective set, I returned it. Either, speed, performance, look and feel, and hardware wise it is a perfect buy who love bigger screen. Obviously, software quality and performance wise u can not compare with worst android applications. Just go for it.. u will love the OS, the Lumia Phones
i can't sastisfy
