B00EPZ1VWM
the Phone looking as good and used much better than Samsung mobiles,but the rear camera only 0.3 pixels its the biggest draw back of this otherwise good one........
execellent product from mmx i am using itb since a week,,,found it extremely good at this price feature points----- superb battery superb design and build(i have blue one) 1.2 ghz super fast processor android 4.2.2 very latest dual sim voice and face recognisation lock/unlock nice user interface dual camera with flash light if u are buying any samsung or sony at this budget i will definately suffest u this this is really superb it has every thing u expect in a smart phone just camera quality could be better..!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 thankks to amazon service>>got it in 2 days for rs.7375 only
its clearity was very good. its very fast. net browsing also very fast. my son was (3 years) enjoying very well by palying games with it better to buy
am realy a fan of micromax fun a76 ..a remarkable product...hats off micromax....simply superb,,,no more words...looks strikes me a lot
The blue A76 looks classy! Cons - YouTube video quality not good. Pros - Every other things be it speed, battery, sound quality, ear phone quality (good bass).. The cam is good as well during day time. Value for money phone.
Its value for money. The set is quite good and working well as on date. we are satisfied with the service of Amazon and product.
Good in price & use .its a great phone all software r working good video r play very fine record ing is also fine.
It is a good deal at lowest price when compared to the other websites. try to work with internet and its speed is high
Functionality and touch is ok but the main problem which is coming that it stuck some times at the time of using functionality. Shows only the Chinese language on the screen.it works correct only when I remove the battery. It is a major fault of thi mobile A76.
I loved the product - A76 fun is aptly named. I have been using this phone from the last one month. Some of my colleagues after seeing my phone & testing it , loved it and 3 people bought it on the same day. It was ordered by them during GOSF2013 and they got an amazing deal at price of 6000 Rs. I ordered from Amazon for 7375 Rs and i have no regrets. Amazing touch , superb display. HD quality sound from the speaker. For people willing to buy the phone , i would say buy immediately. For those looking at the best deal in the market, i would suggest , try the Micromax Juice A77 - Similar specs but 1 gig ram. Rest of the phone, its amazing , you can use 3g / edge. You would need to purchase a good quality ear plug for the same , have not tried the one in the box. I tried apple ear plugs, but the music quality is ok. Using ones from beats audio , the sound quality is fantastic. You have all the features that any other android manufacturer provide, with the best price. Go for it !!
I had purchased it before one month and the phone is simply working best.Good battery backup,running all the apps and great display !!!!!!
A Very good Phone from MM for a too good price. It has got all the functionalities of a high power gadget but the price is too good. Just check the SAR Rating of this phone, it is 0.26 head and 0.72 body i havent seen such a low SAR Rating before. After usage for a week i cant see any cons in the phone. Everything runs smooth and easy to handle. Android 4.2.2 runs better and games runs in a decent speed for the said 512MB Ram. High recommended one than anyother brand in this Price Arena.
I m using A76 since sep 2013 and till now 2015 its working fine xcept front camera it is 0.03 MP ... and battery back-up still good.
Excellent phone. I am using it for the last one year with out any problems when compared to other companies and costly mobiles
Awesome purchase.. Camera is bad.. But display is great.. Android works best... Battery backup is great.. For 8000 bucks it is value for money.. Amazon serves best in delivery.. though little glitches... Besy buy.. Best website to buy from
good item reached in time expected , Quick Dispatch & Very good Packing.Keep it up. I love it. keep on the good work
Micromax has stopped servicing mobile phones from what I gather. All the numbers listed on their site[...]are out-dated. I have a Micromax A78. And this is a general review. The phones are great for their price range. But, your problems start after a year, when small parts of your mobile start failing and you have to sell your soul to the demons to get the spare parts. And you have to pay the exorbitant prices quoted by your local mobile shop dealer because there is no other source you can compare these prices to. If you are looking for a reliable long lasting smart phone, Micromax is not advisable. This is not my personal opinion, as I had the rare fortune of visiting a service center in Bangalore early this year and I talked to at least a dozen people who had to pay the whole amount as their guarantee period had just ended. The center is not servicing for micromax anymore. Other than that, the battery lasts a good 6-8 hours depending on the amount of usage. The processor is a bit slow for my requirement, but given the price range, it is decent enough. It is strongly built (I have dropped it 2-3 times already!). I have had to replace the charging pin, battery.
First android ...got no problems using since a year
I'll talk about the cons first because they are really annoying me right now. 1) Viewing angles are good sideways, but very bad from top and bottom. So if you are playing games in landscape orientation, then it will cause you headaches as the screen gets blackened with slightest of tilt. 2) Cameras, both, are nothing but jokes. No other words. 3) Headphones which look impressive don't sound that well. But maybe they are new and I should run them in burn-in period for around 100 hours and then their quality might improve. It's not a con actually but I felt it was worth mentioning. That's it with the cons. There are plenty of good things and I'll not highlight them in points form but in paragraph style because there's plenty to write about. The main highlight of this phone is the design which is just fantastic. The build quality looks premium and you'll feel very nice to hold this phone in your hands. Because of the impressive design, the phone feels a lot slimmer than it actually is. Nice job by MMX in this department. My phone doesn't heat that much as mentioned by other reviewers. Design, build quality and hardware, all are pretty solid. Hardware pretty impressive for a budget phone. Specs are, 1.3 ghz dual core and not 1.2 ghz as mentioned. FWVGA 5 inch screen with 5 point multitouch, pretty good loudspeaker and crisp clear sound, RAM 512 MB and free ram around 230 mb which is excellent I must say. The screen is sharp and vivid, though the resolution is low and bad viewing angles, it is smooth and touch response is just perfect. The colours are 16.7 millions, while you'll get at the most 262k colours in similar budget phones. As mentioned earlier, lots of high graphics games are supported and all the basic games and apps have no issues at all. High graphic games like N.O.V.A. 3, Modern Combat 4, Asphalt 7 & 8, Real Racing 3 and even FIFA 2014 run pretty good and I am impressed with the performance. No problems with apps and performance, whatever works does work very well without any issues. Internal memory for apps is more than 1 gb so no need to worry about internal memory and no need to move apps to sdcard also. Game data is stored on external micro sdcard so that's EXCELLENT and worth mentioning. Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2, butter smooth. Latest version is there so we need not worry about latest os and all. HD and Full HD videos are supported in Hardware mode in MX player. Internet speed is good in all modes, eg. wifi, 3g and even 2g. Comes with two screen guards out of which one is already applied on phone. Funny thing, mine which was already applied on the phone went off while I tried to remove protective film so had to use other screen guard. When compared to its sibling Canvas Fun A74, it is a much better deal because, 1) A74 Screen size is 4.5 inch, A76 is 5 incher 2) A74 supports 3 finger multitouch, A76 has 5 finger multitouch 3) Battery of A74 is 1500 mah, A76 has 2000 mah Rest all the things are same Nenamark 2 score is 40 fps, Antutu is 9600, Quadrant is 3900 This is my 7th android phone in past 4 years and I am pretty much happy with it. And I'd suggest you all to buy this instead of other brand phones in similar budget as the services of MMX have really improved now-a-days, while I'm fed up with after sales services from brands like Karbonn, Xolo and even Samsung.
Mmex cnvas a76 is very gud.
Comtetitor
