B00ENC9JGM
All the way problems.... screen black out after few seconds... there's a thick line appearing on screen... this problem starts after 4 days of my purchase. Kindly tell where to report and get it replaced as there's no replace policy or exchange policy described.
Mobile is good but after sales service is too bad by karbonn. Karbonn's customer care number is ALWAYS BUSY. if you are lucky you can talk to its customer care in 7-8 days. My a29's touch got faulty and it is in service center more than 40 days. Instead of buying Karbonn crap throw your money.
This product seems like a failure. Its touch stopped working after almost a month. first the Left touch button failed, then the right one. now the complete touch screen has stopped working. on top of that the battery never stays for more then 3-4 hours. Disappointed with Karbonn.. Same was the case with my Karbonn A7* that i bought 6 months back. Exactly the same problem. I thought may be it was my bad luck and thought of buying another Karbonn. but now i have made a final decision and would suggest others as well to stay away from karbonn.
Dont Buy Any Karboon Mobile they r wast of Mony & Time
low battery back up...... heat problem............. camera resolution is not clear.................... so i will give 2 out of 5 stars...............
very cool phone with all the features, grt 3g pho e with 2mp front facing and 8mp rear camera are th outstanding feature with this lowest budget phone . it also has dual core processor ..with battery 2000mah lion..
Excellent product in relation to its price.Wow performance w.r.t.Whatspp,internet and other applications. An outstanding buy for the today's youngster.For housewives too!
this fone is not good, I would suggest please do not buy it. this fone has loads of issues. my mum is so unhappy with the performance.
this mobile is very great , but one disadvantages mobile backside is very heated and if any phone call attend mobile heated
I like it and it is smarter in looking, performance and specifications. Just it is best choice to parches in amazon.com
Bought it 2 months ago, touch is not working properly. Not at all satisfied with the product. I have given it in the service center 20 days ago but no response. Very bad service..
sadasivan s <sadasomna@gmail.com> Aug 21 (4 days ago) to auto-confirm Sub:- Mobile Phone Complaint – Service not availing properly - reg- Ref :- Order #: 171-3110593-9839529 Order Date: 13 May 2014 The above referred item is purchased thru you, before one week it is worked properly now it had some erroneous functions shows in the touch Screen, So I may directly contacted the authorized service center at our nearest place ie, Palakkad, The technicians check the mobile and says that the mobile touch system is the cause of the problem it is damaged , it may corrected thru replacing part that is the touch pad, But it is not now available in ready, I think they are not like the online purchase systems because they are saying like that, and telling that it will take two weeks or more time to getting the genuine parts until now you should wait, The time delay is the main problem for me, Kindly advice proper way to get the exact service how it is availed
earphone, touch screen, video player, etc. stopped working within 2 months of usage. complaint made, but no response. even 6 month warranty not delivered though written.
DON'T BY THIS IF YOU AR USING INTERNET IN MOBILE . IT WAS HEAT UP EARLY.
It may be unique in this price if the company reduce its radiation.
touch screen not working properly,I letter not working in phone,
Touch screen is not working,, phone set has become useless, first i letter started malfunctioning and slowly majority of touch went away,it worked only for 1 month, the company should be care ful about these products,, almost same complaints from many customers, the product even deserves one star,, but there is no option below that
I want it bill hardcopy again.it is a very poor
Do not buy. Except for camera.. ...
economical wth gr8 features,,,,,
Good Phone..
excellent
Ek number
Phone is good but battery being 2000 mah is very bad, it don't even last 4-5 hours of continuous usage. karbonn should think about this. also phone gets heated near camera. Overall good experience.
hi friends i would like to recommend u this cell phone its a great fone with all features at an amazing price
Good
