B00EM8MMFM
Ofcoz you can find a lot of better specs device at this price from xolo,karbonn,micromax etc. But sometimes people want to buy a branded product due to fear in quality and service. Xperia M is the perfect budget device for such people. It comes with a 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 dual core processor and 1 GB of ram which is more than enough for your day to day tasks. This is of course not for those who are interested to run high end apps and games. Popular games like Temple Run,Subway Surfers etc can be run without any issues thanks to Adreno 305 GPU inside. 1750mAH battery can easily get you a day of average use with screen on time around 3 hours. The device is not huge,so one handed operation is comfortable and the 4 inch touchscreen is of a decent resolution (245 ppi).It also comes with a scratch resistant glass. The built quality is good,doesnt look like a cheap device. Some usual sensors are there - Accelerometer, proximity,and compass. 5 MP camera wont blow your mind,but does the job. Even though this a budget device from Sony, it was nice of them to include NFC and Bluetooth V4 into this which is very rare in devices at this price range. Android version is 4.1 which is outdated but still performs well. It comes with Sony's usual customization and software tweaks which offers a better user experience. Xperia M scores around 10000 in Antutu Benchmark, and around 4100 in Quadrant.
I have been using Xperia-M since last one month and would recommend it over any Samsung phone model costing ~15K. the phone touch is very smooth. Speed is extremly good (even i am running Mccfe antivirus and over 15 apps on it. The only issue i had till now was when I made a 5 minute recording using HDR and to my surprise it was a vry bilky file (over 800 mb) and occupied most of the internal memory. Later on i had to shift it to Ext. SD card. Phone has a very classy look and camera quality is OK. I have used Samsung galxy core and would recommend Xperia-M anytime over it.
One thing I like is the RAM of the mobile is upto the mark. As of now I have not faced problem with speed of the mobile and wifi, personal hotspot, Bluetooth and everything else is rocking for me. One thing I did not like and taking me against of this mobile is that the storage capacity. In another hand I have iPhone which is of 32 gb and Xperia M comes with 2 gb which is irritating me much.
This is the third Xperia M, i am buying for my family members. Since the first family member had very good feedback, i repeated the order twice for other 2 family members as well. This worth the money
This phone is something that carries with it the looks and performance of a high end smart phone. Pros: 1) Super nice & smooth touch with very quick response time (although just a disclaimer that i have not owned a high end smart phone b4 so could not compare exact performance) 2) The camera quality is nice at least as compared to canvas 2 plus (although it (xperia m) has a very little blueish shade in all its picture) 3) the looks and feel are of as high end smart phone 4) has super cool near proximity connectivity (ur phone turns to be ur TV remote, ur movies from ur phone can be seen on ur TV without any wires involved, etc) although u need to also have the TV that supports this system 5) The HD video display is just mind boggling and nothing else can be compared to this feature of a phone with its peer in the smart phone category in its price range off-course. Cons: 1) Gets a little too hot once used for even a relatively small amount of time for calling (say 15-20mins) 2) Mirchimart should have provided the flip cover & screen guard - charging some 300 bucks extra would have not meant much for someone buying the phone of this range. 3) Ear phones provided are not that good and the voice/sound reduces on both the sides of the call while using the same. But all in all the shortcomings are overpowered by the pros of the phone. I gifted it to my wife and we are happy couple now...haha!!
good service from amazon and vendor from mumbai is very nice. I love the product while using it. Thank you amazon
I have been using this phone from the past 1 year and I can say that this phone is very good in performance and never lags. This is a value for money phone. Pros: 1. Fast processor and enough RAM. 2. Elegant looks and sleek design. 3. Appropriate screen size. 4. Excellent graphics, Asphalt 7 plays like charm on this phone. 5. Clear and loud speakers. Cons: 1. Camera is decent but not very good as was expected. 2. I feel that internal memory is somewhat low because when I install Asphalt 7, there is very less space left to install other apps and games.
Working With no Problem Till Now.Great Experience From Buying Here. Fantastic Phone.Working Perfectly.Match my Requirements Speed is Awesome.Camera Clearity is also good. ThankYou
Sony Xperia M is a Budget phone so cannot expect more on specs. But for first time/budget Android users this is really good one. Camera quality is above average. The biggest concern is the Android default home screen/ back button is right inside the display.
When i got that phone, everything is there with a nice packing, but the phone was defected. ScreenTouch was not working properly during typing and it keeps missing somewhere when we touch screen.
This is teh worst phone ever from Sony.I purchased it as a gift and since buying it there is some issue or other . earlier the phone was not getting updated . Later the data transfer wont happen inspite of installing and contacting sony centre. Last week, onwards the phone sound has shut off suddenly and phone goes silent . i cant even play god damnn music on it which is supposed to be the feature of Sony phones. Utter waste of money and delay in contacting Amazon and seller to give me a return of this product ...
I have been using this for a year now, like all android phones, this one too slows down a bit with usages. There are a lot of times when call hangs when I receive the call. Also I am forced to restart my phone frequently. If there are 2 things I like about this phone its the music/video, camera. Was expecting a better quality from Sony brand.
Don't buy it! I am using it since one year (did not purchase from amazon) and found it is the worst phone. Not even kitkat, phone hangs after two months of usage, very poor battery life, cannot move apps to sd card, so the expandable memory is useless, small screen size, poor service, very poor camera quality-applicable for both the cameras and many more...
Nice phone in segment with 1 GB Ram and Sony Brand. Having applications like Screen Mirroring which is of great if u have a smart tv. Only problem is in low internal memory (only 2 GB) and all ur apps will be installed in that only. so cant use a number of very heavy apps and games at once. I don't have such requirement so its good for me.
Good mobile from sony with decent specs.. Few problems are its internal storage of just 4G of which OS eats half of it. Also no option to directly save Pics & Videos captured onto SD card. They r first saved to internal storage and need to be moved manually whenever memory cloggs.
Super looks,Good finish,Great specs for this price.One thing I didnt like is the RAM of the mobile is not upto the mark(shows only 800mb) but in specification its 1gb ram.rest al working fine.i am very impressed with xepira m. sony rocks. Also amazing packing and delivery by amazon.thanks for the additional headphone of sony. i loved in total. nice job done guys.
with the price 11k it is one of the best mobile in the present market. I like it very much.
WiFi and battery problem Had to return the product. Cannot recommend. . . . . . . . . .
SONY IS GREAT.AFTER BUYING IT I FEEL PROUD FOR MY DECISION.CAMERA/SOUND/TOUCH SCREEN ALL IS GOOD. PRICE OFFER GIVEN BY AMAZON MADE IT POSSIBLE FOR ME TO HAVE THIS PRODUCT. THANKS.
i bought this from amazon. nice phone. good display. good battery back up. this i bought for my brother thank you
i got a good deal here at amazon @10670 for xperia M white..... Engineered for ergonomics and performance....cool phone, just the type i was looking for! satisfied :)
It has come with cracked display glass. Box design is worst. No gorilla glass for xperia M. Moto G is better option than this one
I bought this mobile from amazon a month ago and till now it is working like a champ. Awesome design, slim and easy to hold. Sony Xperia M is simply awesome.
camera is a waste especially front cam is lower than vga os is a big blunder screen is not scratch resistant its a normal touch screen very poor build quality and will instantly break into pieces if you slip it down the case is matt finish which gets more easily dirty so guys dont ever buy sony mobiles i experienced a lot better go for motorola ,nexus or htc(higher brands)
i received the product in nov ,xperia M ,the mobile looks like old and the battery looked too old ,gdt unsatisfied beacause of battery
xperia M is handy , good music and display. but the memory provided is too low and also camera quality is bad in low light..
when it comes to resolution its very poor otherwise good! Always we go onlookig videos and omages it not so satisfactory aa..bbb ccc ...No more comments!!!
Price was cheapest on amazon than any other online stores. Quick delivery too. Phone specs are really good and it lives upto the expectation. Its a good buy! But there are many other contenders at this price. The newest being Moto G
good phone but camera is not so good. no hanging problem and slim look battery backup is good expect camera everything is good
Over all performance good at this price, cute and light wait. camera quality is not in expected level(compared to sony).
i bought sony white one month back and happy with it. the Video and audio is very good. only thing the brightness and text font options are not good compare to samsung.
I love it, just the kind of features and configuration one wishes for are present in this fone, !! Its been 2 months and more, I'm in love wid this fone
excellent deal cheaper wen compared to big c, universal and lot, i saved rs 2000 by buying frm amazon.com. thanxto amazon
I have been using this mobile for last 3 months, which i bought for 10,800+ bucks (which is the least till now, thx amazon for dat). About the mobile, other than camera it looks awesome. For people who complain about internal memory, its more than enough for 70 apps installed. But this phone deserves mpre than 4.1 version android, I hope Sony updates soon.
The phone looks goods,light weight, slim and handy. Performance is as expected. Display is not as good as in my htc explorer. May be it could be increased in settings. The font boldness is very slim could have been little bolder. Battery comes for 2 days without browsing and only using for calls. With browsing only for one day. Nice phone. Camera could have been better. Voice clarity is good.
Phone is really awesome being using it from half day I feel its pretty good in this range I gifted this product to my sister. Its really value for money. thanks amazon for such deals:)
It is great to purchase my Xperia M from Amazon and it is very worth to get it. I would like to purchase many items from Amazon and it will become one of the best online shopping sites in India soon. Superb..!
A handy smartphone with all the elegant features fully loaded at the best Price. Sony Keep Rocking! Looking for Cheap Windows Phone From Sony at the earliest.
Thank you very much. Quickest processing and best price. Thank you very much. Quickest processing and best price. Thank you very much. Quickest processing and best price.
It is simply awesome. smooth touch and very superb processor. and the best thing is the price. much cooler piece and good build quality as well.
So Cheap at Amazon, for Not so cheap Build Quality!! Crisp & Detailed Display Zip Zap Zoom!!!!!! what are u waiting for?
touch-super sound quality-better than other smart phones at this rate ram-1gb is more than enough game play-no hanging even for big games like asphalt7 ...........i recommend this
Got the phone as promised on the delivery date. Am finding that it is a great value for money device from a known brand. Ok I admit it....I am a Sony fan from three decades :)
Its a ok phone 5 mega pixel camera performance is very poor & the Wi-Fi connectivity is not remain stable. Apart from this other all features are very good.
A mid-range phone with classy look. I finalized it the moment I saw it. It is the best phone available under 15K. Absolutely value for money product.
I like Sony for its quality. It is a product better than other products in quality and style. The walkman facility is special in Sony.
Camera not much better... Accessing net or while using skype call, cell heat above normal condition. otherwise its good... i love it...
I got it for lowest price in amazon. ......................... Worth for money. I got it for Rs. 11460 where the
m amazed by the performance both from SONY & AMAZON .. special mention 4 amazon : u ppl rock....... mindblwing
Camera quality is okay. Sound quality is good. Phone memory is not much sufficient. Overall it is okay for the price.
I purchased it for my mom, and she liked it very much. Decent interface and touch. Good phone at this price.
The quality of this mobile is not upto the mark. It is just ok. Not worth buying for the money that we spent.
Great and brand new product, very well packed and of course, delivered in proper time. Thanx a lot.
bad experience .... . phone got after 10days .. at present lying with sony center
I bought this phone for JUST Rs. 10839.00 and now I feel this is the best ever deal I ever had....I have nothing new to say about this phone bcoz every pros & cons are already discussed by the previous owners, I will just say that Sony Xperia M rocks (except the internal memory thing).....
Excellent phone. Light in hand. Smooth operations. Fabulous display
Overall performance is very good but the battery backup is moderate
Genuine Product and quick shipping..Nice Seller..Looks Good..
Good Product Very well working. Always amazon is better.
bought for my friend, with cashback sony always rocks
It's an Awsome Smart phone.....I love it....
Useless only buy when u have a lot of money
Nice phone and delivery time is quick.
better camera and light weight phone
Very good one.. Value for money
It is getting Hang , looks wise its good but performance is bad. Its not worth spending money. Cam quality is also poor
A mid-range phone with classy look. It is the best phone available under 15K. Absolutely value for money product. i got this phone within 4 days gadgets wrld delivered the phone to me before diwali so i am thankful to them and also to Amazon for best price the only thing that this phone is lagging behind is its poor front camera it vannot take photo in low light.
Sony mobile phones are the worst phones I have ever used, in terms of reliability. All of the Sony phone have a common problem with the MIC. After using the phone for a while, the MIC of the device started malfunctioning. Outgoing voice from the mobile was not audible to the person you are talking to. Initially this use to happen only for a few seconds between the conversations, but once I gave it for servicing, condition worsened. Now, most of the time, I am not able to talk to anyone without keeping the phone on Speaker mode. This is pathetic, never expected from a brand like Sony. If it was Samsung or Micromax, I would have excepted the defect. But not with Sony. All my friends who have got a Sony mobile phone are facing the same MIC issue. Everyone is frustrated of it now and is cursing the company. I would never go for a Sony device again and neither would suggest any friend. Its a waste of money.
I like this very much
Great for the price
nice mobile phone
Very good product
Value for money..
Excellent phone
Smart phone
i would like to thank all previous reviewers who personally used this handset and wrote every small thing about it that helped me a lot in buying this Magic... no issues and nothing..... just buy it, awesome phone i have ever seen in mid range with these facilities.....
good one
Very bad secondary cam but the god thing is it has a Slow processor if u use more apps then itz brick no movements at all !!
because i use sony xperia m and its camera quality is very poor like vga camera. this set is not like nokia
Slim, attractive..like it.. Value for money.. simply best Good touch experience, Fast reliable Camera is average, battery life also avarage
Excellent sleek n rich looks. Bravia clarity... Best camera Best sound next day delivery service is 5 star n the material was in perfect sealed n brand new, with sturdy protective packaging The price - best offer nobody could beat.
it heats up randomly within 3-5-10 mins of use , even wothout sim and case i reduced a bot by turning on auto brightness stamina mode always on gives me a day of battery with phone calls, reading something and few browsing... got a S-LINE TPU case for it(covers all buttons unlike a snap on case) the camera is poor.. my old sony ericsson xperia x10 beats it....x10 is very good in low light compared to xperia M... and if you put the camera such that light falls on it you get a bad glare (due to lens) no bluish tint but photo colors is not natural slightly over saturated...but clear when zoomed...sometimes you need to make sure it is focussed properly to get a good picture earphones sound good... charger does not get hot body creaks and not reliable/rugged/tough...fragile performance - OUTSTANDING no lags, fast, no FC's, clear earpiece voluame and really loud speaker (than my x10)
Great deal !!!(bsbdj jdjsdk sjkdjsdk sdkjdsjds sdjkdslkjdsl sdkjdsjlkds sdjldslkdsjlkds dsjdsldlmdld ldl klsndlssd dkndnsd lsndlks lsdmlsdm dsksdnklds dlkdnsd lkjdlkds lsdjlkds kdls)
Exelent
Great Mobile, Cheap Price, excellent look, overall completely worth in this price, battery life is good, best option in this price range..
