B00EF101GI
Merits I've been using this phone for more than 16 months now and did not find any issue with the perfomance. Almost all It's features are good when compared to other phones which are available at this price. De-merits 1) The only thing i have noticed is its wieight.. This is quite heavy when comapared to to other phones with similar features. 2) Xolo is not releasing any Software updates for this phone and all other xolo phones with similar config has already got KitKat as an update which isn't fair.
I've beeen using this phone for 5 mnths now. Performs excellent & super fast processor. All kinds of games runs smoothly. The only set bck ws the position of the primary camera. Screen resolution amazing. Satisfied with Xolo,so planning to buy the Q1000S.
It is worth for the money. it has a very good display with 300ppi and the camera clarity is amazing. For 10K it is one of the best mobiles. I love this phone
the camera and sound quality is just okay , headphones doesnt give good output in a months time after purchase the the battery drains faster as soon as its charged
A very nice phone! Just right at the price I got it for! Two problems that I noticed:- 1) A tiny speck on the screen (pixel problem?) 2) The screen goes off completely when using in Automatic Brightness mode coupled with Economy mode ... it keeps you groping in the dark ... Literally! Keeping brightness on manual mode.
very handy , reasonable price. light weight. fulfills all my requirements of wap. f book mail etc. good resolution. reg. service I still need to go to service centre and have no experience
Its a better smartphone in this range with 8mp camera and 5 inch hd screen as compared to the smartphone offered by other brands.its very cheap than others as compared with its features
Best Phone,I'm using this phone since from past 6 months and happy with Xolo Q1000, processor is good nice picture quality in a day. i will rate 4+. im happy with customer support. best feature with impressive cost.
Its a very good mobile....serving all my needs very nicely... absolutely happy about buying this mobile.. absolutely worth for its prize...
While i enquire for flip cover of this phone ppl are asking is this nexus...:D... nice perfrmns.....a good fone... easpetially the black colour make ths fone more beautiful...:)
Its around a month now for purchase, product is up to my expectation. But, battery life is a great concern. Hats off for Amazon service.
Excellent mobile. Using daily. No problem till now. Almost 1 year. But looking for regular update
this is not good this phone is going customer care only using for 10 days mother board or both IMEI no. also changed
nice
