B00EN9K2BG
Camera quality is so Poor even you can't compare 5MP camera with VGA camera and from front camera is a formality. touch is avarage, good battery backup, phone memory issue, cant move apps in to memory card. Nice Look, I would recommend this phone to whome needs 5 inch display with android jelly bin 4.2.2 only.. otherwise BAKWAAS PHONE..
I have purchased this phone on 01-Jun-14, it is hanging while receiving any incoming call. It's camera is not up to mark it seems like 0.5 MP. I would like to request Amazon to do not sale this phone anymore.
i like the quality of the phone it was ok . only the camera quality was not so good but in other way it was ok
This was first time I bought such expensive item on internet (on amazon) and found it defective. Due to which I am feeling like I should not buy anything from internet since it will be defective each time. These things which can easily identified should not be leaved from the sellers eyes.
I have purchased karbonn A 26 from amazon.in and I got it as expected. The camera as everyone is talking about is actually quite good (if you look at pictures on a bigger screen). It is a feature loaded phone with most currently prevailing apps and the Internet speed is just alright. The screen looks very big. The touch screen is responsive and good for the price. All in all I would recommend this phone to students and early professionals as it would do most of their tasks.
hi all Amazon user. I have buy this mobile from this site. this is very good and very nice phone in my budget. I love it. thanks to Amazon
This is a superb smart cellphone. Real value for money.
Serves phone purposes with value for money..
one of the best of its category.
awsome mobile phone.....
worth the maoney
review aftr using for 1 year. no prob wid dis fone. i hav used dis fone rough n tough n it is still workin great . yea bout camera den in day it captures good pics but there cn b prob in the nite. screen touch is not dat bad.. yea i knw its not 3g but den u can use wi fi rite ?. guys dis fone was dropped by me several times dat too frm heights nd still nothin happnd . i thnk u shud giv a shot to it u wont regret .
