B00FF7FJX6
The performance of the phone is really bad. I would not recommend to buy this, Instead you can buy Micromax. I already have Micromax A 76 which is of the same price. I bought Samsung because of the brand name but hugely disappointed that it does not support the games as in Micromax A76 like Hay day, Subway surfers, etc. The phones gets hanged and the applications are closed automatically. I finally use this phone only to attend calls (like a basic phone).
very slow, hangs sometimes.Camera average. May be good if it gets the latest Android KITKAT upgrade.rAM SIZE LESS THAN NEEDED.
Samsung continues to exploit their brand name by introducing very low end devices for a higher price. This phone is clearly overprized. The performance of the device is not good at all. 1 Ghz single core processor is not enough to handle multi-tasking with ease and the heavy touchwiz ui makes things worse. This only has 512MB of Ram. The battery backup is also not good,it can't even last a day of average use. * * Specs * * 1 Ghz Single core processor. 512 MB Ram 480 x 800 pixels, 4.0 inches TFT Display Android Jellybean,with Touchwiz interface on top. 3 MP Camera [ Poor Quality ], NO front camera. 1500mAh Battery My recommendation is to pay a few more bucks and go for quadcore,1GB Ram devices like Xolo Q700,Xolo Q700S etc coming under 10K. Galaxy Trend is clearly not a value for money device.
Actually one of friend suggested to buy here so I bought a mobile for my husband even though it's new it's not working properly phone hangs off totally & break down offen. So want to return when in final process even dat was not working out!! Am very much upset through this !
It was so much bad experience with that phone...very slow, every times hang, much more cost high in comparison to its features. No flash light, no front camera. Overall i just wanna say dont waste your time and money to buy this bulls***.
Nice phone with reasonable price. Not a great fit for advance and highly active users. Great phone for those who are looking to shift to smart phone.
Prosesor is not working properly some time mobile touch screen not workig some time any one app not working & mobile is very very slow
The phones gets hanged and the applications are closed automatically. 3 MP Camera [ Poor Quality ], NO front camera Picture quality is not that clear and also sometimes there is issue in volume control. Battery back up is no good . It cannot even last for a day average while in use. But yes i liked amazon delivery service. Got the phone in hand before expected within 2 days.
Samsung is making fool of the people by giving such Low specs phone at high price. This phone is just a waste of money . it is very slow . alwaya hangs, most of apps not respond on it. U will regret after buying the phone.
Awesome mobile phone with the published specifications. Speaker sound is a bit weaker though. Service of Amazon is up to the mark as well. Recommended!
A mobile hang hota he ato of hojata he .display sencer nehin he phone turanta luck ho jata he usko dubbl tap kar ne se jakar khulta he .acha bata ey he ki garam nehin hota he THANK YOU.
i Reallly loved its a nice product, very nice shade n longlasting too, but worth it thanks amazon for this
Nice mobile at a nice price. A mobile one can grab if they just need a compact phone with good features. Of course the camera is not that great, but for the price, we cannot expect much.
good handset but some problems like screen black or off whille calling .and display not appear upto the ending of call by person whom we called.can someone solve this problem ?
Samsung maintains that its latest trend release S7392 has 3 mp camera. But item description says that it has 5 mp camera. How is that possible .. I wanted to buy one so, please explain.
The product is offered on very reasonable rate on AMAZON and i relly loved ths packing and mainitained originality of it.
Battery is very week, charge remains only three hours. please replace battery asok 09447041456
I did not expect it to be this weight, if it was light, would have appreciated. battery back up, OK.
A lovely experience to get the item on the door step, Thanks to Amazon for the lovely experience and good service
It's a very nice Moblie of Samsung with low budget. Go for it !!!
Mobile 100% waste SAMSUNG worst company in this world....
it is not good as I expected. the functions are very slow.
hang set .I purchased mobile in one month it was hanging.
Nice product, worth for money. Prompt delivery by amazon.
faulty set
using of 2months, slow ranning due to 512 ram
Its Nice and working pretty fast and good :)
excellent product, best price by amazon
Nice product. Working fine till date
good product. best deal price
Good price and fast shipping
Tye instument is good.
Good Quality Product
Nice mobile
Just ok!
I not yet received my order posted on 14 june . can I get the executive's details. I'm disappointed on amazon
ok good
It is ok. I do most of my work through it. But speed of this phone is slower. I did not expected so
This is a worst phone at this price...i suggest u frds dnt buy it...always lags during temple run 2 nd subway surfer...
THIS IS THE BEST PHONE IN THE MID RANGE. WITH LOTS OF GOOD FUNCTIONS & BATTERY BACK UP THANKS A LOT AMAZON.
no front camera. so video calling is not possible. easy to carry & operate, enough phone memory for normal users
Good
Nice
first of all awesome service by amazon received it 2 days before the estimated day. Now about the phone. The phone is very light. Good camera quality. Android 4.2.1 (jelly bean). and 512 MB ram which is although very fast for normal use. very good user interface and pre installed apps and a phone under 8k its great awesome must buy . but if your budget is 10 k go for Samsung galaxy s duous II
