B00G8UGSGG
Galaxy Star Pro is an upgrade to Samsung's Galaxy star. This is a budget device,so as you can expect it comes with a lot of flows. Features 1) Single core,Cortex-A5 1Ghz processor 2) 512 MB Ram 3) 1500mAh Battery 4) 4 inch TFT screen,480x800 resolution. 5) Jellybean 6) 2 MP camera - Image quality is below average. Main issues you are gonna face with this phone - Processing Power and Battery. This device only has Cortex-A5 Single Core processor which is very outdated,and very basic. Dont expect to get good gaming experience with this device at all. Battery,1500mAh one, cant even last one full day of average usage. Buy this only if you want a branded budget phone. But beware,this thing is gonna hang and lag often while multitasking and opening apps due to a very low end processor it ships with.
It's a budget phone from Samsung. Good for normal use. However, beware of the fact that it has no 3G. That's kinda annoying.
I have used this phone personally and seriously with the pace the mobile market is growing ,this phone can never compete with other company phones in this price range. Firstly it has got pretty old version of Android ie Android 4.1 Jelly bean . Versions of Android before Android 4.4 Kitkat need 1GB RAM but this one has only 512 MB RAM so expect this phone to hang even when you just open the box of the phone. Secondly it has got pretty slow and outdated processor, 1 GHz processor can't handle heavy apps of these days so that's a big drawback too. Expect a lag as soon as you install one or two extra apps in it.
My cousin owns this phone and at first it looked and worked good. Everything was working fine with no lags. But after installing some applications the phone starts to show its real face. The processor it ships with is a 1 GHz Cortex-A5 Qualcomm MSM7227A Snapdragon. The main problem is not due to the phone getting out of memory,rather due to this low end processor on board combined with the heavy touchwiz user interface. One of the issues he faced is sometimes when an incoming call comes,sound is heard,but the screen goes unresponsive and you cant take the call. It lags a lot during multi tasking too.Launching apps can sometimes take ages.The camera quality is not that good. The Android version it ships with is very old - Android 4.0 icecream sandwich. This is not a value for money product for sure. You can get better performing quad-core devices for this price range with 1 GB ram,better GPU,camera and battery.Not a value for money device.
Galaxy Star Pro GT-S7262 is an upgrade to Samsung's Galaxy star. This is a budget device,so as you can expect it comes with a lot of flows. Features 1) Single core,Cortex-A5 1Ghz processor 2) 512 MB Ram 3) 1500mAh Battery 4) 4 inch TFT screen,480x800 resolution. 5) Jellybean 6) 2 MP camera - Image quality is below average. 7) Dual Sim Main issues you are gonna face with this phone - Processing Power and Battery. This device only has Cortex-A5 Single Core processor which is very outdated,and very basic. Dont expect to get good gaming experience with this device at all. Battery,1500mAh one, cant even last one full day of average usage. Buy this only if you want a branded budget phone. But beware,this thing is gonna hang and lag often while multitasking and opening apps due to a very low end processor it ships with.
The display went kaput in just a week of purchase, the service center wanted one month to change the display, and the best part was this phone was gifted to one of our friends by me and my wife. Samsung surely has dropped its quality in both products and service, and this is the second phone in 2 years. We have moved out from the Samsung family of products. The Good thing about all this is the shopping experience with Amazon, if we had got this product from a store i surely would not have got a replacement or my money back and we would have been embarrassed as this was a Gift for someone. I really appreciate the effort of Amazon in helping us with this issue and the experience shopping with these guys was an awesome feeling. Thank You Team A Jason
Bad!! This phone has only one core, the ram is only 512 mb, lags at almost every single time i use it. To be honest, this phone has no pros. A few weeks after using it, the phone had a black patch on it which kept growing. The service centre people were also unhelpful even though it was only a few weeks old. They asked 4000 rupees for repairing the screen. 4000 rs for a 5000 rupees phone!! This phone is utter crap and nothing more than a paper weight!! Never make the mistake of buying it, there are a lot better phones than this in this price range
I have been using this phone since a year. This phone is good if you are not going to use any applications additionally. Otherwise this phone is very slow if you installed even any 3 apps. Memory 512 MB and 1 GHz Processor is completely not enough as of now in the technology world. Mic is very bad. In the past year i have given this phone for mic issue 3 to 4 times to Samsung service center. Even all the parts has been changed including Board itself, still my Phone mic issue is not resolved. 2 MP camera is good as for this capacity.
5.5k for this phone is simply to drain your pocket..putting in a 1000 rs more will fetch u descend smartphones with far better specs.. Still its featuring a 2mp camera without a flash..! @6.5k ul get moto E, different models of micromax canvas n all..even the underdog sony e1 wil do far better than this... senseless pricing..js to trap common man with some superficial touchups n a 4" screen.. if u r tat particular of wasting ur money u may go for it. orelse think...
Galaxy Star Pro is an upgrade to Samsung's Galaxy star. This is a budget device,so as you can expect it comes with a lot of flows. Features 1) Single core,Cortex-A5 1Ghz processor 2) 512 MB Ram 3) 1500mAh Battery 4) 4 inch TFT screen,480x800 resolution. 5) Jellybean 6) 2 MP camera - Image quality is below average. Main issues you are gonna face with this phone - Processing Power and Battery. This device only has Cortex-A5 Single Core processor which is very outdated,and very basic. Dont expect to get good gaming experience with this device at all. Battery,1500mAh one, cant even last one full day of average usage. Buy this only if you want a branded budget phone. But beware,this thing is gonna hang and lag often while multitasking and opening apps due to a very low end processor it ships with.
My brother in law was in need of a good handset. and samsung star pro was a good choice. Thanks to amazon.in for good offers, timely delivery and safe payments for this product. the good thing about this mobile is that its by samsung so no worry of performance and touch. its good to go for beginners on android platform.
the worst phone i have bought when there is an incoming call, the screen is showing to swipe but i cant swipe to accept the call heats up without no reason very slow and hangs every moment touch response is also not very good battery is worse however,the sound quality is fine
i like this product which is a budget samsung galaxy series it has every thing it needs I strongly recommend this to people who are not looking for gaming phones
this phone not for long time use big problem this set is down in hand with minm hight screen broken
this is not good mobile get i have order on amezon but not sand me a good mobile or pen drive
Battery is worst, it gets discharge very quickly and touch screen is also not affective
If you are looking for a good budget android smartphone, this is the phone for you. Not going into specifics here (like only 2MP Camera, no 3G) because its a budget smart phone. Well worth its price. As usual, delivered on time and good service
Phone is very good But donot buy it from Amzon ... you will never get your product on time .. but delay with 4 -5 days .. with the pathetic service of Amazon ... FlipKart is better than this .. wahiyat service provider ....
Pros: Good build quality. Good after sales service. Cons: Touchwiz is very slow. Camera is of average quality. Outdated OS. Too much bloatware. Overall: Not a good device.
sometimes touch just hangs for few seconds.. else you have to manually lock and then unlock.. processing quite slow .. but i think with this much ram this was expected..!! else the phone is above average..
Battery Backup is very poor. Within 2-3 hours Fully charged battery goes down if we continuously using. Other than this problem there is no other problem I Faced till now.
Battery dries up very fast Does not even last for 3 hours id any app is used System is working slow than expected and gets hanged at times.
Galaxy Star Pro GT-S7262 is an upgrade to Samsung's Galaxy star. This is a budget device,so as you can expect it comes with a lot of flows. Features 1) Single core,Cortex-A5 1Ghz processor 2) 512 MB Ram 3) 1500mAh Battery 4) 4 inch TFT screen,480x800 resolution. 5) Jellybean 6) 2 MP camera - Image quality is below average. 7) Dual Sim Main issues you are gonna face with this phone - Processing Power and Battery. This device only has Cortex-A5 Single Core processor which is very outdated,and very basic. Dont expect to get good gaming experience with this device at all. Battery,1500mAh one, cant even last one full day of average usage. Buy this only if you want a branded budget phone. But beware,this thing is gonna hang and lag often while multitasking and opening apps due to a very low end processor it ships with.
Only 6 Hr battery backup when i just turned ON the mobile data and standby backup is only 24 Hr. Phone looks good but i need battery backup.
100% Genuine product was upset with delivery time but its ok took 5 days to deliver Product was good Mobile also works fine but goes slow if you play lots of game or open lots of application What cant you expect in Rs 5000/-
THE RAM AND CAMERA DISAPPOINTED ME THOUGH IT IS IN A STARTING RANGE AND I THINK IT TO USE IT AS A REGULAR CALLER PHONE.
everything is fine just little bit battery is problem.. Battery life is very low and rest of the things are ok
It is good for a basic level use and intermittent due to less RAM . Its getting warm if using a while.
this phone is very nice and comfortable for my friend. service also too good. thanks for in time service .
actually i received this product but usb cable is not attached with that i need that and how can i contact you
I am facing issue when i am calling someone strange kind of sound is coming. Battery is degrading very fastly
Delivery , Deal fr Amazon ( FED X ) super..... Regarding Product its better , meet expectations as desired . Only battery which discharge fast while using android , net for which this device ment . If its possible to replace with high amp hr, it will work as 5star rated.
Budget mobile for starting level of smart application. I am satisfied
Wrost phone I'm using this phone for 6 months always something went wrong every time it hangs in this price 2mp camera without flash....and without front camera 430mb ram 4.1 jelly bean not upgradeable to kitkat a very bad experience with this phone
The purchase was a gift and I have received positive feedback about the phone. The phone doesn't hang, has good battery life, usually runs 1.5 days with normal surfing on 3G. Earpiece clarity is good, touch is also nice. Good buy within 5000 Rs.
This is great budget phone. Samsung galaxy series within 5K is amazing. The screen resolution is excellent. Loading several Apps makes it bit slow. Otherwise the features are quite good. I am proud owner of Samsung Galaxy Star Pro.
Galaxy Star Pro is an upgrade to Samsung's Galaxy star. This is a budget device,so as you can expect it comes with a lot of flows. Features 1) Single core,Cortex-A5 1Ghz processor 2) 512 MB Ram 3) 1500mAh Battery 4) 4 inch TFT screen,480x800 resolution. 5) Jellybean 6) 2 MP camera - Image quality is below average. Main issues you are gonna face with this phone - Processing Power and Battery. This device only has Cortex-A5 Single Core processor which is very outdated,and very basic. Dont expect to get good gaming experience with this device at all. Battery,1500mAh one, cant even last one full day of average usage. Buy this only if you want a branded budget phone. But beware,this thing is gonna hang and lag often while multitasking and opening apps due to a very low end processor it ships with.
Performance is tooo poor... Ram getting filled often and very slow performance... Battery withstanding time is also not satisfied to compare with other company mobiles.... Battery getting down quickly..
If your budget is less then you can go for it. only one drawback is 512MB RAM, you will not able to rm more application.
Very good phone. And good service by amazon and the delar. I am satified with the phone and service. Ok
This gives all basic features and depends on your requirements. Overall it's a good phone for the budget. Good looks.
Phone is good for basic use purpose. u can say it is lowest price range smart phone with brand name like samsung
A front camera would have given it a 5 star. But overall it's good. I have all my phones from Samsung, this one was for gifting though.
Nice mobile, it's worth of my money what i spent on this. and also good service from amezon also. thanks
this set looks nice camera is good bt the performance of the set is not up to the mark .
Its Nice.. as smart phone.. in budget... it is eazy to handle.. eazy to carry all over it is very good
i am very glad to know that i am very happy from your service. within in 2 days i got my product.
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
i think this good deal. better product quality a v b g f d s b b n n h
i really happy to share my emotions with you...i am really happy to have this product through amazon...i am a regular buyer from amazon they don't let me down at any cost...
Excellent phone. I have no regrets buying it.the only problem is their that it is not 3g and does not have a front camera .but in that amount I think its a very good bargain.I used to shop on other sites but for the past 7 mnths I am only shaping on amazon. Seems that it is the best.
nyc pruduct , im luving it ,keep it up amazon gj nnjk,lk kjhlkjmk kkl.l kl kk j k k k
Despite of almost no additional download, mobile performs so slow. Touch screen does not function properly, everytime you are required to reboot the phone to operate it better...not a recommendation!
A good thing , satisfactory within the price band
There was something wrong with the battery....it could not hold its charge for more than 3 or 4 hours so we had to return it.....we are still waiting for the refund money after 3 weeks.
except 3g support this mobile has got features of all high end mobiles. The touch sensitivity is superb and comes with kitkat version of android. Totally a superb mobile for this range.
Samsung Galaxy Star Pro GT-S7262 is really really very good product and I am absolutely happy with it. Thank You Amazon.in for the quick delivery also. Good and keep it up. Thanks
Idiot, Fool, Samsung has not provided the USB Cable for connecting the mobile to the computer. All other brands are giving USB Cable for connecting the mobile to the computer.
I think these online sellers might be selling defective phones. This is the second Samsung phone I've bought on Amazon, on which the touchscreen basically fails to work.
I brought this mobile a month back, really awesome piece, i downloaded so many apps and games, simply i love this. Great piece at reasonable cost.
Brilliant experience... You guys would ruin retail bussiness. You guys doing wonders here. You restrict buying more number of products. Thats bad sometimes....
i think this phone is nice specification and its look nice...great working and the charge is so bad...it has only 4hr for internet usage compare to other modelss...
this phonw is really bad.it works really slow and it battery drains every 3 mins.the camera is really bad and games like subway surfers do not work.PLS DO NOT BUY
Quick delivery and good phone. Thank you
THE PRODUCT IS REALLY GOOD FOR AN AFFORDABLE PRICE AND IF THE SHIPPING IS NORE FAST IT IS EASY TO BUY MORE PRODUCTS FROM YOUR SITE AND DECREASE THE PRICE
performance is good...some times it hangs while playing game.... display is quite wonderful... battery is so so.. and love amazon's service...
I bought this fone 3 months before and now facing lots of problems.I would suggest NOT A BUY this fone if some1 giving this fone for free plz dont take.
a superb mobile for this price,nice performance,good touch screen, camera is 2 mp.but no pblm an average camera qualityoverall good one for this price
nice product and good packing by amazon. some delay in dispatch by the courier service.. some communication problem in tracking my order.
5199 is valuable price,,,,,, good battery backup,, large screen, camera is better quality,,,, net speed is good, internal memory 4 gb is good,,,,
CHEAP AND NICE PHONE AND EASY TO USE
Mobile Battery is not working properly.as i discussed with your executive for changing mobile battery but they refused to change the battery.
1.some times phone is getting hanged 2.big video files are not opening in the player 3.while playing games mobile is getting hanged
For the price and brand the phone is decent and performs well. The support and service guarantee adds the overall rating of the product.
Thanks Amazon !!!! Great value for product ....nice experience with amazon.........Cheers !!!!!!!! I am very happy with service of Amazon
Very good phone for low price....I am using since a month no problem observed yet...good android phone among low price mob.upto Rs.6000
nice features with less price. Looking very good.Nice display.Too many features as compared to low price. Nice for low budget people.
Superb phone with good features.
Nice very good budget phone by samsung People should consider it to gift or for personal use........great work by samsung...:)
very good product by samsung slim trim and not very small or big size. comfortable in handling or operating friend
Samsung GT-S7262 Galaxy Star Pro (White), Very Good Product By Samsung, Very Lowest price mobile phone by Samsung Galaxy Product,
Samsung products need no introduction...but I must mention the cordial service recieved from Amazon. No wonder they r D Best..!
good service n good experience
Wrost product from Samsung... The phones is too slow.. Unable to open any apps taking long time.. I regret y I taken this..
Haven't used the product yet as its a gift. Great service by amazon now no need to worry about ordering electronics online
low audio. entry of new contacts and deletion are slow nd painful. it suddenly cuts while talking within a coupla minutes
amazon introduce all mobiles at low prices so it is best for low level i request to people please maintain as follows
Very Nice Product in very reasonable price. I am very much satisfied with the product and service provided by your site
everthing is good except battery bacup !!! and mostly time heat during call !!!!!! u can see moto e also !!
Ek no k ghatiya samsung ka model hai. Touch to ekdam kharab. Kharid ne 15 din bad se hi hang marna suru kiya...
it is a phone of average use..lack of 3g causes friction...camera is average...sound is not that good..otherwise ok
Received the shipment within the stipulated time frame. It was a COD, but at a great price. The packaging was neat.
good and best in this price
this mobile good but some features of this mobile is not so good.. the tuoch pad of this mobile is so smoth..
i like it pricewise and featurewise. if you looking for more advance your pocket should be ready for that too.
it is a very slow phone plz dont buy this phone at all otherwise your money will get stucked and it hangs alot
I recently purchase this phone .it is good in low price but AVERAGE camera .I like SAMSUNG THIS PHONE ......
Amazon Service was excellent but this phone is very slow, not happy at all, I don't recommend this to anyone.
excellent product with all necessary features for a new smart phone user and the price is really affordable.
Nice phone .I like it very much . I got this in a very cheap price than it is usually found in the market.
VERY GOOD PRODUCT AT LOW COST SAMSUNG BASIC PHONES IT IS THE BEST ITEM I HAD EVER USED FOR SIMPLE USE
but low ram...... works fine...... best phone at this price .....fits nicely in pocket..... loud sound
This is medium range smart phone and this is right phone for who want to learn to use the smart phone.
After 2 months of use I can say this is an excellent phone especially for a moderate user like myself.
Great product and very satisfied with your service Sure will come back for shopping Regards
Everything is as expected except the locking problem whenever trying to call or receive is irritating
Awesome product, no issues so far, extra star for Amazon service ..Really you guys are rocking :):)
very good services we have get infuture in book other items also. n suggest to my freind also .............thanx. arif shiakh
excellent phone for the price; call quality good, basic apps like whatsapp facebook work great.
After 1.5 month it crashed and samsung service center reinstalled the software to make it work.
delivery is good but the handset is ok. their are lots of issue for usability. lot of hang ...
good product!!!Good Packing!!Timely Delivered!!! But Battery backup is very poor!!
This model has an automatic screen lock feature which cannot be removed. It is inconvenient
Don't get this phone friends my new two month's phone is hanging im un happy to this phone
it worth the price.................. .... ... .. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thank u For Amazon, excellent Service and prices also good. Products also Excellent. Best Deal Amazan is a trust, Thanks
Good one for people who want to buy a android phone with touch screen at a lower cost.
Nice Mobile In Low Budget Any One Can affordable who wants to buy smartphone android
mobile is hang some time when use .. not up to mark as per customer expectation..
liked the phone . Everything is good. except that the camera does not have flash
Its a a good phone. but I can't download from play store...its the main problem
Good for old people who doesn't use phone too much It hangs after a month
excellent product
mobile internet not working software but service of amazon transport is good
The Product is nice..given the price range. What i like most about the delivery was that i got a physical bill which is quite helpful while claiming warranty. And the double tap feature while you are on call is good for elder people (not generalizing though) as quite often by mistake the end button gets hits while you are on call.. Though earphone is not working and i will have to get it sorted out through customer care..but still bottom line choose this phone because of price and brand because of after sales service as other new entrants may make you run from one pillar to another based on your complaint and some even might not have a local service center to serve you within time limits.
Worth the price.. Not dissatisfied with the performance for that price..
Truly samsung mobile. Working well. Package by amazon was not too bulky.
exactly upto my expectations, thank you Samsung, thank you amazon team
Good Product in this range. Yes it lags because single core processor.
Looking long size screen good item. ram memory low. 3g working fine.
Easy budget Phone. Good for the price. Great look. Good performance.
better mobile phone as to compare other brand at this affordable price. fast mobile phone samsung galaxy is best mobile phone
mobile piece is Good & proper packing. thanks to Amazon.
5 star Excellent Very good experience Buying with Amazon. In future I think Delievery More faster from Now.Thank U. keep Going.
I bought it two months before.its is lagging and very poor sound
A great product at a great price I AM THANKFUL TO AMAZON TO GOT RECEIVED PRODUCT THROUGH AMAZON.HOPE DO IN FUTURE
very bad mobile .It was too hang.don't purchase Samsung mobiles
Really nice phone. Value for money... but no camera in front...
its ok but in this price you have lot of option for other brand
There are so many problems phone hang no something working.
Good One. I bought this as gift for my friend. So far so good.
its excellent.Amazon delivery this time was not satisfactory.
Its Ok but it is too slow while searching /browsing internet.
I have received best offers and products met my expectation.
good product worth buying handy and serves all the purpose
as per requisites it has all the facilities in it..thnx.
RAM is low but everything is OK with this at this cost
product was as per description and every thing was fine
Very third class............not a single item is good
Turned out to be as good as i was expecting it to be
third class, wanna sell it as soon as possible....
A normal touch screen phone... Not for game lovers
not bad it hangs many time bcoz of 425 mb ram only
Very Nice.
It's okay, slow pocessing and volume is very low.
Phone is extremely slow. I bought this for my Dad and he only uses it for calls, SMS and whatsapp. Occasinal gmail app use. No gaming, no other apps. Even for this simple use, UI is very slow. He has to keep killing apps once in a while. Else screen flickers and all actions give delayed response. I suspect Samsung's UI to be culprit. Have never seen an Android phone this sluggish.
Good value for money mobile...easy to use too...
This mobile worth mare than it's price. Superb!
Great value for money... Super fast delivery!!
Very poor phone. very slow....never buy.
great value for money but phone is too slow
Happy with the delivery service and product
nice handset. but no 3g so using 2g speed.
Its reliable & reasonably priced at Amazon
its nice....!!! almost good features.....
BEST PHONE FROM SAMSUNG WHICH LESS PRICE
this cell phone processing is very slow
its a good phone everybody must take it
VERY GOOD RANGE BUT RAM IS NOT ENOUGH .
proudct is good but packging was so bad
Slowest phone after 3 months of use. .
Nice smartphone at a reasonable price.
nice mobile with easy operating system
Very fast delivery and best price...!!
I really like the faster Delivery :)
Awesome for the price it is available
well its an amzing set i m loving it
Nice phone. But it hangs sometimes.
really nice.Good phone for low cost
Very useful phone in this category
This a very wonderful mobile at this price. Only problem is its charger,s Input : should have been 110-240 volt Ac instead of 150- 300 volt AC. I have already written to to provide me a new charger with input 110-240 volt ac
Nice seller.Love to buy it again.
Almost ok particular this phone.
its battery backup is so bad..overall its a good device internet is good. voice clearty is good .some hanging problem
it also so bad ...last time i have sold in just rs 1900....today purchase at rs 5460..good services delay service
After 2 months of purchasing the phone, the incoming SMS doesn't come regularly. Some times the sent SMS comes after 5hrs or sometimes it may even take more than 10hrs to receive the SMS. I visited the company's authorised service centre for 4 times but they are not able to solve the problem, they are not even replacing it since it is in the warranty period. How to claim it?
Fast delivery Nice piece of Mobile.. Unlike other smartphones star pro have more Battery Life... In all this phone will meet all the customer expectations
IT IS A GOOD BUY FOR THE PRICE
good product and also service
working good!! but No 3G!!!!!
Its very good in all respects
budget phone..value for money
Cheap but good for starters.
Satisfied with this product.
Fast shipping n good product
Slowest phone in the world.
The best use and enjoy
Excellent Product...Thanks.
Good product, fast delivery
Top seller - will buy again
awesome mobile... i love it
photo clarity is not much
Nice Phone easy to operate
Don't buy it wast of money
good phone for low budget.
I was expecting that it willl take time and how the product will be. But I am happy to receive a product which I want in a best price. Thanks to amazon
Its good in price and use
west mobile ur money loss
low cost & smart phone...
satisfactory performance
Not good as expected....
Its okay for the price point on Samsung..but it lags a lot and need at least 700 MB of ram..and it is jus single core so need a dual core...
Good
you product is too good
Delivery cost too high.
Its a good buy.. .
its good in performance
Product is fine for the price range. Camera (2 MP) is not good! Sound is a bit low and unimpressive. Android is fine! Light-weight. Has low radiation (SAR) values (At the Head - 0.497 W/Kg, At the Body - 0.311 W/Kg)- the only reason that convinced me to buy this phone. This doesn't have the lowest SAR value. That phone is Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (SAR: 0.171 W/Kg), and its quite costly! My purpose is basically calling, texting and listening to music. So the Star Pro is good enough for that. And it looks cool and sleek! So, if that's what you're looking for, then go for it! However, the phone doesn't come with a SD card, neither any manual. 4 GB memory is internal. It took about five day for me to receive it from amazon.in. If you can bother to wait that long.
super mobile from samsung family. this mobile having wonderful features. we are hereby recommend you samsung GT7262 is useful for all
product is good enough
Nice phone all genuine
CHEAPEST MOBILE AMAZON
VERY VERY BAD MOBILE
I was looking for a budget smartphone when I came across this model. It is compact, easy-read screen, and practically everything that one would want in a budget smartphone. The weakness is that it has no front camera, the back camera is on 2MPixels, and that there is no 3G. However, I was not looking for any of these features and theefoe I am reasonably satisfied with this model. The WIFI works well and that is all what I needed at home. It is too small for me, anyway, for 3G use so I am not disappointed. The battery lasts about 12 to 14 hours for normal use, but much less if you use WiFi. As a whole, for the price that one pays, this is ok!!
I was looking for a budget smartphone when I came across this model. It is compact, easy-read screen, and practically everything that one would want in a budget smartphone. The weakness is that it has no front camera, the back camera is on 2MPixels, and that there is no 3G. However, I was not looking for any of these features and theefoe I am reasonably satisfied with this model. The WIFI works well and that is all what I needed at home. It is too small for me, anyway, for 3G use so I am not disappointed. The battery lasts about 12 to 14 hours for normal use, but much less if you use WiFi. As a whole, for the price that one pays, this is ok!!
great @ tradetang.in
Really nice.. Thanks
visable double touch
running very slowly
Super.. satisfied..
Excellent cell phone within the given price range, has a pretty good battery backup as well. Go for it.
Perfect Product, Good Price, Love it, and also It's fit on the palm of my hand perfectly. :) . .
it is working fine
Good Product......
super quality ,satisfied packing, nice look ,ok ,ok ok, ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok,ok ,ok ok,
this is very nice
JUS AS I EXPECTED
Delivery is good.
it's good product
Getting very slow
I am 100% marks and 5 star rating and I will purcahse one more in first week of Oct-14
VERY GOOD MOBILE PHONE, FULLY SATISFIED ==========R. DEVURKAR
Amazon fails to satisfy the customer. Worst Product. Problem: It does not Recognize the SIM.
Product is good.
Not good producy
very slow phone.
It's very Bad...
its slow process
VALUE FOR MONEY
Very good phone
Fully satisfied
I am very happy
value for money
Its a good one.
value for money
no font camera, no gps. has wifi with hotspot, 4 inc screen, vga display with average resolution, internal space 2.7GB(rest for OS & other system file) for all apps, external storage(32GB) can not be used for apps installation, It hangs when it fully loaded, 16GB external storage is perfect for this phone, 512MB RAM, 1Ghz process - slow operation, 750MB-1GB internal storage should be freed for smooth operation.
it is quite ok
Good but no 3g
Genuine pieces
Battery is low
ok
I like purchase this site. this site is very easy to use
Too Much Lags
Nice 2G phone
Nice phone ..
Nice to brand
awesome phone
I purchased phone on june 2014,working fine.. but draining battery soon and slow charging. there was offer from airtel free internet 2gb for 2months printed label on box.I tried purchasing new microsim,but dint got offer activated. called airtel n amazon people several times but didn't get proper response... i liked samsung pro phone but i am not satisfied with Amazon.
Great Product and very good delivery system from Amazin
nice product
Good handset
good product
nice product
Super mobile
I used this mobile from June 2014 on wards. No hanging so far. Picture clarity is also fine in sun light. During night we may use night mode. Display is very fine. Almost all functions are very well activated.It has 512 MB. . Internal storage is 4 GB. It is also enough for moderate use.I give 5 stars. Satyanarayanan SR
simply cool
works okay.
Samsung !!!
Great deals
Nice phone.
Good Phone.
Gud product
nice to buy
The product is really awesome for its price range. I would recommend this product especially to someone who is looking for a low price android phone with almost all features. camera quality is ok and not very good, but then 512 MB RAM and 4 GB of internal memory compensates for that. Final verdict - A phone to go for!
Very Good.
Very Nice.
love it...
Good Phone
My review is for crisp communications who cheated me and who are cheaters i order Samsung wb 250f camera but after placing order they kept me waiting for two days and then informed me that the price has been reviewed oh so embarrassing it was dnt trust on them thy are cheaters
Very good
i love it
nice deal
bad phone
very good
Very nice
good.....
Value buy
very nice
Very good
I love it
Very good
Phone is very good But donot buy it from Amzon ... you will never get your product on time .. but delay with 4 -5 days .. with the pathetic service of Amazon ... FlipKart is better than this .. wahiyat service provider ....
Samsung Galaxy Star Pro GT-S7262 (Midnight Black) Samsung Galaxy Star Pro GT-S7262 (Midnight Black) Samsung Galaxy Star Pro GT-S7262 (Midnight Black) Samsung Galaxy Star Pro GT-S7262 (Midnight Black)
Delivered in 2 days.... Product was Good...... Battery back up is low... Apps working good.... Low budget.... Its worth for 6.5k...... Finally I love it and satisfied with this product... :)
the phone is good if you just need to use wats app or other light application. The camera quality is ok as compare to its rate. I will suggest this phone only if u r not a gamer and if u are luking for a decent smart phone
good one
good one
its okkk
its good
Its good
NICE ONE
I was wondering if there is any way I can find a complete purchase history for my Amazon account. I have bought digital music from several different online stores and I want to figure out what I got from Amazon.
good things ---------------- 1. Its very user friendly 2. fantastic look 3. touch screen is very sensitive bad things ------------- 1. SIM - micro sim 2. RAM low
I bought this phone after gud review of my friend but after buying not satisfy with his performance. It hangs many times even while filtering the contacts to dial someone. Search is very slow. Call history is scrolling is bit improved as compared to Star. Baterry performace is Ok Network Ok. Seems downgrade OS will be fine.
i was missed ,beacuse i purchase on 25th mar at cost of 5538Rs, But yesterday 26th mar cost 5340Rs ... m
bad one
Just OK
Not bad
Awesome
best mobile of smart phone well screen well speed etc look is very well smartness, games internrt, is well i purchase this mobile privius month and i satisfy
Gifted
its ok
Fasgay
Better
OK avg
Thanks
mobile is totaly better. Screen, battery, oprating sistem, prossesar & net speed is very good. Only 1 camera 5 mp or 3 mp is recomended.
I am looking for a budget Samsung Handset that supports Whatsapp, Facebook, Microsoft Outlook , G-mail, Skype, and office tools. Please suggest.
I am shocked that at this age and time, Samsung has made a phone that has no flash. That is not cool at all. Then Camera is 2 Mega Pixels.... I would expect some basic functionalities and grade when buying a phone that was made in 2013. These are the two aspects that are really annoying. Apart from those two blunders though, the phone is a good buy.
It's a cheap and best mobile to purchase online from Amazon marketing network. Amazon is expanding it's business in India very well.
The issues have started cropping up, screen and mostly related to software, this is not a nice experience with Samsung product...
Mobile it's ok. But features is improve them this model price high pricce is 4500.. Pls Lowest price. Range by VPL
battery backup is low... otherwise value for money please tell me it's solution so that i can give a better review.
Speedy Dispatch . Good , I am a regular customer of Amazone. Good Product Good Packing.Keep it up .Good... I Like it.
Amazing phone amazin service like it very much Amazone is awsome servicr in cell phone i like it keep doing
i am not want mini card moblile mini card not mention on addvertiz i am not return bez that gift
Its nice beautiful and sleek, the touch is amazing i recommend it to one and all so i like it
i like it very much in my budget.almost all the basic features of any smart phone in it.cheap n best
good
Good
good
good
good
good
Good
Good
Good
good
good
GOOD
Good
good
Good
nice
good
Good
Ok in Rs 5300 , But too slow to internate users , also no user manual with this phone .
Worst ever
Budget smart phone from Smasung. For normal use this is good choice. Looks and features are average, but again with this price tag its good.
gud
ok.
Phone is good at this price. Hangs a bit but its ok.
Its my general habit to buy the thing after checking all details and options and here with lots of search and options are compared and I found its best suitable for my home based routine work as well as I can cherished my dream to be more innovative design maker. Here my ecstasy knew no bound after buying this fabulous product from USHA. Its proved such a good product as : 1.Its very compact,Portable and protective cover and user friendly in use. 2.Very smooth straight stitching as well as square turning. 3.You can stitch zigzag pattern very easily which is a utility stitch for button sewing,buttonhole making,hemming,overcasting,mending and darning. It can also used to decorate with trims, appliques and cut work or as a decorative stitch. 4.Overcasting stitch can also done which is useful in garment construction, and in finishing the raw edges of any sewing project. 5.One best features includes its multiple zigzag stitch which is used to finish the seam allowance on syhthetic and other fabrics that tends to pucker. 6.Even decorative stitches like shell tuck can be done very comfortably. 7. For cleaning the feed dog and other assembly you need to remove very few parts and its very easy. 8.After all personal manual and video CD instructions are best expressed to understand all the features of machine .Its so vivid that anybody can learn the stitching. 9.Its of so much features at very friendly price .
ok
OK
really worth
i like it and its good s s s s ss s s ss s s s s s s
