B00G9Y9H6O
Got the courier before expectation. was very happy, but could not hold it. courier looked perfect, but after removing the outer plastic packing, got the phone box inside which had a hole near upper left corner. The box seal was broken and the phone inside was hit just below the hole. Luckily it was the screen guard which protected the screen from getting damaged. It is clear that the seller was aware of the issue, but packed it and sent to me, as outer packing was not damaged. Phone camera is not working perfectly. It is getting blurry images and videos with hazy lines sometimes. Talking about the phone... It is awesome product with super value for money. Performance, looks, battery backup, usability, every thing is as mentioned and can beat almost all top phones in the market in performance. I will suggest to avoid this seller, try somewhere else if planning for this phone. I have been fooled, lets see what is amazon upto for this issue. I will let everyone updated. Updating my review.... Got problem of touch screen after two month of use. Upper half touch screen stopped working. So, went to Lenovo service centre on 28/03/14. they kept the phone and returned back to me on 17/04/14 with DOA (Replacement Certificate). I asked them to make the replacement. But I got shocked with their reply... they said, Since I purchased the phone through online shopping site, they wont replace the phone. I have DOA and the phone sealed in its box, was suggested to courier it to the seller so I did it. Called the seller for the status after a week and got a reply that since I have made online purchase and the seller is far from me, it will take time. Maybe 15 days to a month. Friends, I did this shopping since there was 10% cash back and was a good offer. But what I got out of it, A defective phone with very poor service for online buyers. Paid shipping charge to amazon, then for replacement and don't know if there is some more left. Secondly, used the phone for less than two month and the phone is roaming from me to service centre and then to the seller and don't know where is it now for more than a month. I don't know when will the phone arrive to me. Lesson is that, I will never do the same thing again and will ask every one to avoid it. One can go to any service centre of any brand and enquire for the service and DOA cases for online purchased items. Don't go after attractive price advertisements or other things. There will be no one to support after fooling you.
It's been a week since I started using this mobile. It took me close to two months, before I narrowed down to this model & I am happy to have purchased it. My budget was upto 20k and I had Samsung, Micromax, Nokia & even Nexus 4 in mind (though it costs a few extra 4k). Still, somehow I went with this model, for the following reasons: cool looks, good configuration for this cost, 12 mp camera & at a comparatively lower price. Many of my friends told not to go for it, as Lenovo is very new to the (mobile phone) market. Still, I had trust in IBM & went for it. So far looks good and with it's sleek design, doesn't feel like carrying a big mobile of 4.7 inches. Camera clarity is really good & even in night time, with LED flash, the quality of photos looks cool. The mobile is loaded with inbuild apps (of course other too do come), 8gb internal memoery, with an option to expand upto 32 gb with the sd card. A very responsive touch & it doesn't get hanged. The only thing I couldn't feel, is the fact that the battery life doesn't last beyond a day (no complaints, but expected to last a bit longer, as it was comparatively better than other models in at least paper). Overall, the feel good factor is there & I would recommend this mobile for those looking within 15-16k budget !!!
Camera is not that great... :/ gives a performance of an 8 megapixel shooter, and is somewhat more vulnerable to chromatic abbreviations... Loud speaker isn't that great... gives allot of distortion and the sound isn't that loud enough. since it has curved display pasting screen guard is a bit of difficult job Notification light could be much more better if it was bright enough coz this is not even that visible at night the touch oriented buttons aren't light illuminated so it might be a problem if you are using at night call quality is average not excellent Battery charging takes little more comparing to phones of similar power and price range get little heated at the top back side if used heavily... but overall itz a good branded phone for that price range.... the above mentioned are the throwbacks i felt in the hardware side.... except everything is fine and i would recommend it for avg users :)
I was looking for a mobile in range of 15k-17k, after doing too much R&D online i selected this one. Its been a week using this phone. my review is as follows: Pros: 1. The Display is really good, touch response is quick , no lag or so . 2. Primary Camera's photo quality is amazing...Gives you nice clicks in day time and more than satisfactory night photography. Secondary camera's performance is satisfactory. 3. Music quality is awesome and loudspeakers give you enough volume for a medium size room. 4. Gaming is superb , games like asphalt-7 & temple run-II runs very smoothly. 5. Look wise phone is beautiful, light weight, very sleek to hold and can be operated with single hand only. 6. There are many useful apps pre installed but still around 500 mb of ram is free , 8 GB of internal storage as given in the specification. 7. Battery life is more than satisfactory, lenovo Power management application is there to manage the battery uses. 8. GUI is awesome, gives you lots of options for customization. Cons: 1. Sound quality from earphones is not up to the mark. One more thing battery is not Lithium Polymer as specified by Lenovo rather its Lithium-ion . Overall I would say that phone is awesome,best in its price category.
Got this one for my girlfriend last month. This red variant is very girly #Just hold it and you'll know! The specs at this price is remarkable. The back camera is surprisingly sharp and does live up to the expectations. The front camera is more than decent. Excellent display thanks to the 312 ppi! You may observe a slight lag while playing high-end games, but again, that's pretty normal now-a-days with most smartphones. That can be because of the MediaTek processor. Overall, its a perfect phone for a woman - stylish looks, excellent camera, decent battery and performance good enough for an average user. Timely delivery and excellent packaging - Kudos to Amazon! P.S. Always buy goods marked "a Fulfilled" - That means its actually vetted by Amazon, and Amazon handles all customer service and product returns for "Fulfilled by Amazon" items. More importantly, its Reliable!
It was a first time for me, buying a phone online. But the prices offered were way too good to ignore. I got this phone for 14.7 K, and the market price was closer to 20k. It is a great device, loaded with features, and in my opinion, the best product in the 15k price range. Been using it for over a month and have faced no issues whatsoever. The only thing that Amazon can do to improve phone devices is start providing mobiles with a screen guard. A screen guard is a must for all touch screen mobiles, and the customers have to order them separately, or go to a shop to get it fitted ( to ensure no bubbles form, which is likely when the customer herself does it). Therefore, providing the customer a choice of a fitted screen guard with the phone, at a slightly higher price, will make the entire affair an ideal one for the customer.
Its an Amazing Phone in its Price Range, Got all the features of a high end phone (25k-30k) but in a lesser price. So Basically its a high end phone in a lesser price. Recently it got updated to Android 4.4 KitKat. The performance, Camera, Screen all are good however the UI may not be liked by all since it has all the App Icons distributed on the various, there is no App Drawer as in most of the Android Phones. Comes Pre-loaded with Security Software, Theme Center, File Browser etc. so at the first go it doesn't require any new App from Play Store. The RED color is different from the normal Blacks or Whites readily available in the Market. If you are looking for a Economical Phone with features as good as a high end phone then this is a perfect choice.
Pros: Great phone for less than 15K Quad core processor - pretty fast Good camera picture quality Sleek, light weight & stylish - good for girls - I bought for my wife Cons: Battery life lasts not more than a day with moderate usage It gets switched off when put for charging for longer time. Does not start even when pressing power button multiple times. It worked only after removing the battering and putting back in place again. This has happened a few times now. If it continues more frequently I will have to intimate Lenovo technical support about this problem.
My 5 stars for product but not a single star for seller and services. Because seller is cheating customers by providing 4 GB internal memory. out of that only 2.8 GB is available. Amazon peoples are making fool to customers. You can return your product but... it was big disappointment. Product is outstanding... beats all the product between midrange. Touch is so smooth and display is crisp and clear. I recommend this product but don't buy from Amazon.
I bought the white version of this phone. It is the best phone available in the market in this range and rather covers all features required in smart phone. Camera is very good. I am using it for 9 months and not hanged even once... dont buy any samsung phone but go for Lenovo which has good SAR value also. This phone's features and looks are the best. I just love it !! Now planning to buy another lenovo phone for my wife
Awesome piece...i got this mobile's 8 GB Variant in 13,800 from amazon...I am using this phone from last 5 months..not single issue i face with this phone...Quality of camera, battery back up(2 days for calling, 1 day for surfing, 2/3 day for using hotspot) is good...it is also mistakenly dropped by me on bare floor 2 times even-though its perfectly fine..recently i get upgrade of KITKAT version as advantage..
Its a great phone guys.... Ita an under rated beast. Superb UI..very great touch response and what a camera. I have tried heavy games like asphalt and temple run...everything went smooth without any lag.. I even took Skype calls ...it was butter smooth.. Its way better than moto g and Asus.. Just go for it... If you are a girl then go for the red colour...it's great...
I preferred it over moto g(personal choice of course) pros: -within 2 days home-delivery at 13,500 amazon provided me best deal. -excellent camera -sleek and stylish-has every thing that a 20k samsung phone could offer and better to go fr it then sub-brands like micro-max cons: -battery drained in less then a day on 3g network -android 4.2 is only available still.
Good Mobile. Good value buying. But I do not have the good experience with Lenovo service. My screen broke and I paid 8500 rs to replace it. That is almost 60 % of the cost of phone. The same screen was available at 3000 rs in Gray market. I am not sure why lenovo is charging high. I am not happy with charges of service center.
This phone is the most affordable branded phone in this category. Really cool features. Good looking..good display..But not so good camera and processor though..hangs sometimes and gets super heated up quickly..Even during charging..But at this price these flaws can be ignored..Qualcomm processor would have done the job I guess..
It's worth it. Got it for my wife. Looks on this is incredible. Made many heads turn.Has an inbuilt power manager and an anti virus. Runs through a whole day of music,videos, calls and browsing.Many gesture based controls. Performance (day today and gaming) is great. In its segment definitely a frontrunner.
The performance is more than expected.. very slim and grabs attention quickly.Curved scratch proof glass makes it fell sleeker. Over all working fine but the sound is little bit low compared to other phones..
Nice phone....decent.. Love the camera... Love it already.. Chrome crashes at times... Plus its hard to find accessories for this phone
excellent handset and amazon service is very good and very fast i am satisfied with amazon.in i seen this handset in amazon
Awesome performance. Value for money.Need to update all applications to the latest version for a faster browsing.Loving the overall feel.tends to heat up a Bit while charging. Close all background apps at the time of charging to prevent excess heat. Battery performance is one of the best.
Mind blowing product... I suggest you all, don't go for Samsung as they are just taking too much money from us. You will find each and everything you want.. I m using this phone since a month and haven't got any problems at all... And what you need when the brand is "LENOVO".. Lenovo is better in hardware as well as performance compare to other company.. If this phone fits in your budget, just go for it without thinking anything...
The sound is not so good. The full volume is quiet low otherwise the phone is good. Please let me how to increase the volume.
Cool look..sleek body..different notification lyts..gets chrgd fast..bt it gets heatup fastly too.. N camera is not upto the marks, as it says 12mp bt its similar to 8mp of sony or samsung.. N the major drawback is..it doesnt go wid ur privacy. Aldough u hav locked ur msgs or watsap..but the cntent is displayed in the notifications.henc it dosnt remain private. Sound quality is jusy ok. In FM its too low. Allthough its good.
Based on overall specifications and price,Lenovo is good.But I couldnt find the push mail option even though it was there in the Ad.Don't know whether its my mistake or not..Otherwise its worth.Having good battery backup..
t is a very good phone, very light weight, battery goes on for one full day. And all smartphones are battery-consumers, so comparatively this one does not use so much battery. Does not hang at all. Video quality and picture quality is very good. Processor is very fast. Transition of the menu icons is creative and random, interesting, when you go through various pages of apps on your phone screen. The screen is rich and HD. Indeed colorful. For this price, it is worth even quitting your decision to buy an I-Fone.
lenovo s 820 is good phone,very fast.but the body is not good quality.it has chance to break on the normal falling.camera is awesome
Lenovo is better than the rest. Loved the phone. Most recommended. User interface is actually easier to grasp for a first time android user. Simple, efficient, great battery life. Robust piece. And above all gorilla glass at this price. Unbeatable.
phone is having very good processor speed! nice look. it is functioning smoothly without any memory dump. if it fits in ur budget then go for it!!!!!!!!
PHONE QUALITY IS GOOD, TOUCH IS UP TO MARK, CAMERA PHOTOGRAPHS ARE BEAUTIFUL. I BOUGHT IT FOR MY DAUGHTER & SHE IS SATISFIED.
The phone is the best!! The best decision I made and total ROI!! Lenovo is upcoming and other brands need to watch out!!
Smart looking phone. Fast and just the right size. Better than the Samsung's. Good battery life too. Good camera. Xxx
Greta service from the seller and Amazon. The product is great and delivers what it promises. First product from the Lenevo stable and really a great experience. Ordered it for my mother and she is delighed.
The phone is gud....it has big screen and it works fine....love the sleek design.....but now and then I find Lil glitch and it hangs while I type messages.... And I had to charge the battery twice a day since I use the phone extensively..
This is my second Lenovo phone. Earlier one was P770. Amazing battery. Best in a smart phone. Lost it and now it has become very costly. This has much better specs than that, sleek, good camera, good display, audible speakers and light weight. I took the red colour and it looks amazing. Best and reliable phone in this budget.
Consists all the features that i want. Packing and delivery by Amazon is really good. There is only one thing that the phone is lack of that is summary after your call and message. Rather its a very good deal of your money.
I purchased this phone after a lot of reviewing. I wanted something in the <15k range but with a decent camera and a decent processor. I am not a new Android user but I also am not a gadget person. This phone lives up to those expectations pretty well. The camera is actually quite good. I dont use the phone for a lot of games but as a benchmark Temple Run performs better on this phone than on my Galaxy Tab 2. The battery is good also. Amazon delivery was very prompt and good. Overall very happy with the phone and the service from Amazon.
presented to my wife a week back. phone looks, over all build quality and feel are excellent. video and camera quality is good, worth buying.
Phone is very good and easy to use, everything is ok. Camera 12 MP , but not much good quality. 1 GB ram is more than enough and no irritating strucking and hanging. 1.2 Ghz processor and sensors also useful for this phone. Charging is little bit disappointed, ear phones sound is excellent.
Good performance and battery backup on 2G network. Camera quality is commendable. UI customization is nice. One thing it bothers me is it does not connect to few WiFi routers.
phone is not lagging unlike samsung phones. running very heaviest of applications vry smoothly... dislike- after making call or sending sms balance deduction notification is not coming.
After doing a survey, found that this is the most underrated phone. I have been using for a month and met all my needs with value for money. Good lenovo..!
its best product to get in this price ... but please go for 8 gbversion only all lenocvo phone have bluetooth problem whenever you pair your headset 3g sims network goes out. you cant call or receive call from 3g sim 2g sim works perfect. it is best looking phone.
really had a grt expectation about my first major online purchase from amazon...but i was really let down.the lenovo s820 model dat i received had its front camera problem....it showed a thermal image and i had to return the product back to amazon. An online giant like amazon should be extremely careful While listing the sellers for their products..coz it was a basic factory complaint and such products should never reach the final customer..... i had grt expectations but i was let down by the seller and indirectly amazon
Amazing phone.. I have been using it from past 6months. Too good screen clarity and performance. Upgraded to KitKat. Battery is too good compared to any other smartphone.
Really worth for the cost. Features are really good and camera quality is awesome. overall leanove is smart campare to other brands.
This mobile Screen & User interface is very very impressive. Only Camera is so so. Thanks for Lenovo for this product.
Big brand big features. True value for money. I preferred it over every other indian brand phone and I feel the decision was right.
S820 mobile is super fast and nice picture quality but the mobile not supported by Telugu fants. . . . . .
I liked the phone. But not satisfied with the camera. Photos are just very ordinary. Looks are nice. Overall OK.
Ram full's very soon . cleaning after every 30minuts is dificult. On/Off is dicult .It must be easier. Look is good.
The phone quality and build is really good. Has many new features hat you don't find in other Android phones
I have been using this mobile from Lenovo for about 2 weeks and it's awesome and really worth for money
the phone is not working properly and the signal is lost several times. kindly revert back ASAP.
The product is perfect. Suits my needs. was delivered the very next day by amazon.
Using it for about a year... memory is low, but overall a nice phone.
The phones worth every single penny I paid
Product as described, highly recommended
This is a beast from Lenovo. A highly recommended phone. Pros: 1) A powerful 13 MP camera.The picture quality is superb. 2)A decent battery life. 3)A quad core processor for smooth working without any lag. 4)A very good design which provides a stunning looks. 5)1 GB Ram provides a fast access to various apps. 6)Out of 8 GB internal memory 7.38 GB is usable.Among this 7.38 GB it is split into two partitions.An internal storage of 4.38 GB out of which 2.6 GB is user accessible. The second partition has 2.87 GB free. 7)It has got a good screen quality with 312ppi. Cons: 1) Its sightly heavier(143g). 2) The company screen guard is not good. Totally its a good phone at this range.
amazon service delivery took 4days from seller @mumbai to kerala ... packaging ... he he .. the fone was kept inside a amazon box five airfilled covers with one punctured.. so i guessed the box must have had a tough ride ....after unboxing i found the sealed lenovo box which was a lil dirty .. might have been from the dust from the sellers warehouse unboxing i felt happy when i found that the seal was not broken . a red s820 ... made of plastic ..felt nice in hand .. you have to handle the device delicately .. found it to be not that rigid while i was cautiously opening the back panel . i warn yu ppl .. handle with care .. the phone was already having a screen gaurd .. two normal sim slots and memory card port ....charging cable is lengthy enough ..the headfone jack must be pushed in with quite a lil force to plug it review felt good in hands .. but if u drop it even once .. then forget it ..its made of delicate plastic materials so wont take a hard fall or shock .. luks sleek and clean.. very fast performing machine .. with lots of features in built .. i found the foto editing tools extremely usefull .. there was not that much of a heating problem.. battery life is ok but not that great ..its has a inbuilt radio.. so need for a headfone as an antennae .. lenovos custom made interface was ok .. i liked it suddenly few black dots started to appear while i was using it and then came to big white lines on the screen .. at fiirst i thought it might have been a software error .. but painly found out that something is wrong with the display .. so shipped it back today ... overall .. im happy with the phone .. luks sleeky stylish ,fast ,no glitches and errors ... but ..but handle with care .. no dropping .. sound quality gud and camera is ok .. go for it if yu want a stylish fast fone and if yu do not handle yur fone roughly ..its a gud fone with a 14k tag
My favorite. ...I go ti :)
problems:: 1. even it is 1GB RAM, Q-core processor the performance of the item is very bad., while playing the game very slow to move the game.. this is very worst, same problem i did't seen in normal 512 RAM phone 2. not able to put the conference call with in a sim also. 3. there is no OS update, i called the lenovo service center no response properly. 4. even it is 12MP camera, but clarity wide its looks like 5MP. 5. while using face book app if any telugu fonts or native language fonts are there in page then it will show as Chinese language fonts.. i don't know how to set the font. i have checked the end to end for this. 6. with in 1 GB of RAM, by system it self using 60% of RAM. 7. there are some other problems also. 8. finally i have decided its looks like china models only only brand alone they have changed.
Lenovo Brand is new in mobile market but I have been using its budget category cell since last one year. Now I have upgraded it to S820 8 gb version. Its excellent phone. One can get it without any hesitation. Well not to describe its detailed specification here as its already available from many resources on internet. Even Gadget experts have given thumbs up for this one. Go & get it
Superb phone
Buying the first android phone for my wife was a BIG challenge. I am happy that I went for Lenovo S820 (Red, 8GB). It has a cool design and a nice camera, 2 things girls dig for. The performance, while using most of the free apps in Google Play, was pretty cool. Being an android user myself (Samsung S Duos), I found Lenovo's customized user interface a little annoying. Like, it took me a while to understand how to get the recent apps list (taskbar) to jump to other running apps - FYI, this is done by long press on the "list/menu" button (not long press on Home button, as is the case in my S Duos) This seller in Amazon was cheapest across all platforms that I checked (ebay.in, flipkart.com, naaptol.com, snapdeal.com). I am a regular online shopper, so I have developed the habit of purchasing the best at the lowest price, and this mobile gets a tick on both these counts Coming back to the mobile, another good thing about Lenovo mobiles is that they usually have good battery life. I definitely recommend purchasing this, so does my wife :)
Very good, Perfect, awesome, totally satisfied, on time delivery, loving it, fantastic, superb features, very good resolution, good battery backup, very nice touch, Thanks Buddy
