B00GHA9UHQ
Xolo A500S IPS is a budget Android under 7K device. This phone is same as the Xolo A500S,the only difference being the screen.This has a better IPS screen.Old one came with a TFT screen -> Key Highlights,Pros and Cons * Well designed. * Mediatek MT6572W Dual Core processor - Decent processor,performance-wise not as good as mtk6589 quadcore. * 512 MB Ram - Enough for your basic apps usage,but not great for gaming and multitasking. * 480 x 800 pixels, 4.0 inches (~233 ppi pixel density)- Pretty decent for the price. * Viewing angles are OK,not that great * Dual Sim * Camera - Average quality, nothing to be excited about.Expect some blurry images often. Front camera can be used for video calling in well lighted areas only. * Music quality coming out of the speakers is not good.Headsets coming with the phone is of average quality. * 3G Speeds - 21.1 Mbps HSDPA; 5.6 Mbps HSUPA * Operating System - Android OS, v4.2 (Jelly Bean),not the latest version,but visually there isnt much difference from 4.3 or 4.4 Android. * Battery - Li-Ion 1400 mAh battery - Not great. It cant even last a day. (2-3 hours screen on time with wifi/3g data on). * Performance and Gaming - The processor and gpu on board is capable of playing basic popular games like Temple run,Subway surfers etc.But expect lags if you have a lot of apps installed and they are occupying the memory. Verdict - This phone is good if you are planning to use only a few apps,like Whatsapp,Facebook etc. Dont buy this for using high end apps, gaming or for camera performance.
Pros :: its been a month and till now all good, i'd like to give suggestion on cons. as pros you guyz know. Cons :: 1) camera is not actually 5megapixel, Led is useless, still i'am satisfied with the quality of the product ( better than average ) 2) RAM is not actually sufficient but if you want more than than go for higher range mobiles. 3) Games do lag sometimes. 4) battery is good, depends upon the usage as for my view every android needs to be recharged once per day so no big issue. Low on budget, go for it, best you can get in this range.
This is a very good phone and value for money. Only reason for giving 3 stars and not 4 is, the overall sound quality is not good. It cannot be used as a mp3 player while traveling. The speaker volume for mp3 music ringtones is also low, and if TV volume is moderate the incoming call may not be audible. The incoming call ringtone volume issue may not be applicable for the inbuilt ring tones as they were pretty loud. I like this phone. If they work on the sound issue, i will definitely buy the next iteration of this phone.
I received it yesterday and planned to write a review after using it. I haven't seen any lag even while playing games like Asphalt, Subway surfers. Battery backup is also good: I charged it fully once and been using it with above moderate usage, 1hr gaming, 1hr whatsapp, few calls and browsing. So, you can easily get a day of backup, with moderate usage Only concern is Android 4.2.2. It would be nice, if Xolo releases updates.
Look is very stylish with good features & all features are good except sound quality when lisening music. overall recommend for purchase 
Xolo A500S IPS is a smartphone specially oriented for budget conscious buyers and for all who would like to take advantage of the new features of Android JellyBean. The dual SIM phone consist of 1.2 Ghz dual core processor, 512 MB RAM, 4 GB disk space, Android JellyBean 4.2.2, few XOLO branded apps including readymade themes code named X-Themes. Even though the phone has 4 GB of internal storage, only 1.2 GB is usable, which means Android Jelly Bean consumes more disk space. However, you can expand the memory to 32 GB using Micro SD card. XOLO A500S IPS, which I am using it for last 7 months will take few minutes to boot up initially. Moreover, I didn't notice any abnormal heat during charging and when playing games. The phone is very much light weight and doesn’t feel heavy for your pockets. The thickness of XOLO A500S IPS is less when compared to other competing phones and games such as Temple Run, Subway surfers, Asphalt works fine and fast. The device has got a great non slippery back panel. The functionality of primary and secondary cameras is average similar to that of other similar category phones. The display of the phone is not that much good despite IPS screen as it is too reflective when placed under light. I had to position it in a particular angle to work with the phone. Moreover, I didn’t like the placement of lock and volume buttons. This is because if you lock the phone then volume button will also be pressed unless you take care of it. I am very much disappointed with the quality of speakers. I must say that speaker is not audible when the phone is placed on the desk. However, the volume is better when the phone is kept on the hand. The default ringtones included with the phone are not audible. If you place XOLO A500S IPS and switch on the TV or some other audible stuff then you will not be able to clearly hear the ringtone. The sound is audible only if phone is placed on the same room. I was surprised when I saw blue screen of death with some unknown commands after one week of purchase. The phone worked properly only when I took the battery out and placed it after a minute. I found that the length of XOLO A500S IPS is big when compared with other 4 inch phones. The battery backup of the device is average and cannot be said to be great. I am not a heavy user and the battery lasted around 2 days when used without Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. However, if you play games and make use of internet you will have to charge the phone once every day. I also noticed that if I didn't charge the battery for long time you will have to take the battery out and place it again. I had done this once when the phone behaved abnormally during charging. The phone ships with one screen guard affixed to it besides headphone, USB charger and a small pocket manual. I would suggest the manufacturer to include a small note that the screen guard has already been affixed to the phone so that users will not tamper with the other screen guard inside the package. If you want a basic light weight Android phone then XOLO A500S IPS is an excellent choice. I really don't know about the quality of service centres but I will be happy as long as the device works fine. The device can also be used as a mini tablet for e-mail checking, browsing and listening to mild music on the go. XOLO A500S IPS is good but the price is fluctuating on Amazon.in. Sometimes, you will see 4999 but sometimes 5999. The price of the phone should be around 4000 because we can easily purchase a 5 inch phone for Rs 5000 price range. Nowadays, people are more inclined towards bigger mobile than small size 4 inches.
it is very good phone below 10,000. its camera and internet speed good.but poor battery.all over its good phone. wow,,,
XOLO A500 IPS MOBILE NICE MOBILE BUT SOME DEFAULTS ARE THERE.BATTERY IS NOT GOOD.4GB INTERNAL MEMORY NOT AVAILABLE.BUT IN LOW PRICE SMART MOBILES THIS PRODUCT IS GOOD.SAMSUNG S DUOS ALL OPTIONS ARE THERE IN THIS MOBILE
Good phone in budget price. overall good performance. security feture is good. only Camera quality is not upto the mark. overall good experience.
Amazing Phone at Amazing Price . It meet all my expectations like , Sleek and handy , Supports 3g and Play Full HD movies , Decent Sound ( good compare to other smartphone) ,1 day battery backup ,very good camera 5MP ,mainly it supports normal SIM( not micro sim and nano sim)..overall i am very satisfied for buying this at very reasonable offer price @ 4699 rs onlyI can assure u this is the best u can get under 5000rs dont think go for it ......
In one month time the cell stopped working. As it was under warranty gave it for repair. Xolo service center took 2 months for repair. and they received the cell with broken display. so they send it back to company. And they replied me that company has stopped the production that this model and gave a different model cell which has a less market cost. Its a case of cheating my Xolo company. guys never buy Xolo cell phone.
Phone puchased online through amazon.in this month. Received delivery before the specific date mentioned. Though the phone is being used by my son, I come to know that the same is worth considering its cost and is functioning well. My son is fully satisfied with the phone service so far from the date of its receipt. The clarity and camera of the phone is marvelous.
this is perfect match for me, its giving long battery backup even 5 hrs continue browsing, better video resolution, once phone memory getting 70% full , phone is slightly hanging, so i removed 20% then no hanging problem, the worst issue is the charger its take too long to battery full, i tried with other charger its quickly charging, overall i can give 7 out of 10
I've placed the order for this phone on 7th of Jan. I've seen this fone personally at my friend and found it attractive, small and budget fone. I like things to be small and comfortable in hands so I'm purchasing this. I'm hoping the fone meet my expectations. Thanks for the above reviewers. The comments are helpful.
Poor low Ringtone volume, cant hear the ringtone once we get out of home, and also cant opt for vibrating ringtone, since the battery is weak, But other things are okay as for its price. Sometimes the addressbooks not show the number and people. if we want 98943***** , but if the added as +9198943, its cant find the name.
Good product with reasonable price.. Strongly preffered for buying.. Only con is Ram.. If it was 1 GB, then could the best of best..
Best phone in this price. Camera and key board is problem but rest is all good. Recommended. Suggested.. Voted.. VU
This phone is compatible for me. It looks so smart. It supports high quality videos. Its Video recording is also very good. But as i expected its LED Flash is not so powerful. At night the camera cannot shot a clear photo. Another drawback is its gaming feature. Some games are not played well.
i will discuss cons first: 1. using data consumes lot of battery. but if u are planning to use on wifi then it is sufficient Otherwise it is a decent phone for mild user. with its light weight and slim profile you will not feel it in your pocket
Kam price me best phone hai 7 month se mai use kar raha ho koi damage nahi hai internet speed kaphi acchi hai WiFi ke sath gps navigation accha chalta hai battery backup achha hai sath hi display ka resolutoin accha hai Camera bhi best quality ka hai
I have been using this phone since 1 year. Good budget phone but for gaming really worst. Hang in every basic game. Good battery life but really low sound. Vibration mode is also bad. Memory is good but connectivity is really bad.
Bought dz phn 4 months ago...itz an xlent budget phone for this price..it will be nice if it has a 1gb ram..thiz phn z suitable for all types of uses xcept high quality gaming...ny way i'm satisfied with dz phn..
item is so good but deliver time is so consuming Amazon is good conditions in delivered my item but i am so happy becous it is very easy and qwik and relabel it is good
Audio little bit low head set super., touch super super slim model its worth for 5999 good price good config good delivered
In cheap rate it was very good, its look wise and performance wise is good, only battery little bit problem.
Only problems are: 1) Sometimes the voice volume is low. 2) Phone feels a bit slow to react your touch (but you can get used to it).
i brought this phone near about 1 month ago n here is my review plus points touch is good good desing good phone for u if ur a gamer negative points camera flash is not that useful rear speeker have low volume take lots of time for charching
4" IPS screen and fast processor makes it best mobile under 6500 Rs. also the look and feel of this mobile is too good.
Its a stylish budget phone in this price range. Cons: Low ringtone volume. U r not gonna hear it ringing in the next room, watching tv. The matte finish erodes at the edges due to friction with ur pocket. A flip cover is a must. Battery takes time to charge.
In the Product Features is was written that "1400mAH battery providing talk-time of 10 hours on 2G, 8 hours on 3G networks, standby time of 492 hours on 2G and 470 hours on 3G networks" but unfortunately the standby time is only 70-100 hours!(average). Now using after two weeks, its sound system have some complaints. I can't hear the voice clearly from the other end during the conversation. Poor performance.
I have once returned this phone once as i received defected one from AMAZON and it took 3 weeks to return it. Having such a bad experience though i ordered this phone once again and it was delivered in less than a day. As far as the phone is concerned it is an awesome phone availaible at such price. The problems associated with the phone: less RAM and poor camera capture in dark. Even with the 512k RAM it NEVER HANGS, thanks to 1.3Ghz processor. It is equivalent to MOTO E without gurrilla screen.
hopeless "amazon = hopeless"...the customer service is one of the best but one can do nothing if the company itself has flaws
Very bad model and was not working at all.Had to return it as the touch was not working and no response on screen
super phone with awsome look fast gaming experience(1.3 ghz dualcore processor),lovely looks(sleek style),super touch,brilliant display(ips),budget phone (very very low price),fantastic camera(5mp rear and .3 front cam ) the only dissaponintment is battery life
good mobile and amazon package also worth able mobile phone for low price in india, middle class peoples like android mobile buy this one its good.
Ring volume is very low and its get heated up while charging. Battery drains out faster. but overall gud phone with nyc looks.
Speaker sound on loudspeaker mode is too low. Phone often heats up, even when u start using it. Touch is not responsive if compared with any of the Android Samsung mobiles, even Trends/Low budget phones. Camera quality is good, but blurred pictures are resulted if u move ur hand a little while taking pics. Will not recommend buying this phone after launch of Moto E.
Its a good cellphone at this price tag and also I have bought a few , 7 no. But I m giving it 3stars cause it became dead just after 3days.... :( and they don't have a service center here in REWA
was unable to use it even for a single day. switch on in the night found dead in the morning...
Best phone at this price. You will not get better deal this. Don't expect samsung quality but also don't underestimate.
i have purchased that item from amazon.no dought the packaging of amazon is good.after two days of order i get product and start i filling that its a good budged phone but same day after 2 hour passed my mobile goes automatic shut down.thenafter i try to start that but cant able to start it.so i return that product the refund policy of amazon is very very good i give 5 stard for it.it initaite return package and after two days fedex courman pickup my product.when my product reach amazon hub,amazon initiate refund paper check and i got that in two days.so that finally i got my rupees after 8-10 days because of return process.i hirely recommanded you that buy any product from amazon because its 100% return policy is good but dont buy any product of xolo.if xolo offered you to in free of cost then also dont buy.because i found many problem of xolo from my other friend circle also.i higherly recomanded you to buy any other company product like intex.
Have got the defected product and very bad experience with amazon in getting replaced with the faulty phone . Took the process almost 15 days
I received faulty product. Phone went dead after i operate just 15min. But due to good return policy of amazone i get my money refunded. Amazon is trustable and good site.
Itz Not At all booting up... otz nw in service centre for some chip change.... will not get warrty with the bill amazon provides....
Cost wise it has better features. comperatively good, manufacture need to consider to improve the RAM speed which was slow.
Nice phone in this range, only concern about battery backup with internet connection on, but its okay with this range.
Excellent performance, I congratulate xolo for their positive performance in the market. I can see that xolo has strength to capture market and to compete with existing giant companies. With Best Wishes!
all the features are very good so far and i really like it. anyone wanting to buy with low budget, i recommend you to buy the same...... one thing which i don't like about this mobile is that the battery life is not really strong, but if you have electricity always than this should not be the big problem .......
i bought xolo a500s ips two months ago. it does not have any problem while downloading using any apps so i think this is a good product.
Nice mobile phone. I Getting this phone by amazon Amazon have good deal always by service by price. ... I want to say thanks to amazon
The mobile is good and it is working very well. The response of the processor and RAM is amazing. I could play most of the games and it has no too much of lag and works fine. The thinness of the mobile is attractive and most of my friends fell in love with the mobile. The most disadvantage is the XOLO headset which is not good, so i use skullcandy. People who have 5 or 6K in hand and looking for a good mobile then please go for this one. The Best one for a LOW Price !! :) :)
I ordered this product twice even though it failed for first time. 1st time it worked for 2-3 hrs & later did not turn on 2nd time just for 1/2 hr and later did not turn on
As for as now, i feel this phone seems to be working as per my requirements.... Need to see how long this trend goes on....
Its a dead set n I hav returned it...but till now no response or didnt get my refund..its my first experience on amazon...am really fed up with this
I have received the phone..and I installed just 3 games and 8 contacts..suddenly phone was switched off and not start again..I tried to charged but still phone was not ON...then I go at Customer care they say..Phone was Defective Piece.. I write a one mail to AMAZON and they pick up the phone from home and give my all money back through cheque. The return services for amazon was so so very good...
very bad product. touch is not working well where sound quality is also very poor. i used spice micromax now lava...all companies phones working only 10-15days. very bad experience.
while charging the battery gets heated very fast. display is awesome. no MS office and no adobe reader for doing office related work. opening of net is very fast on wi - fi as i am using net inside the IIT where avg speed is 100mbps. good for those who just shift on android from qwerty. once experienced on this , one may buy a higher range of mobile.
Phone is not good it goes blank aftr 12 hours of delivery nd deposited in the service centre for almost 3weeks nd still lags nd nt work properly nd at amazons end there customer service never respond so it is difficult,to return the items... but delivery time of amazon is good..nd the phone is worst...
It is better than sony experia M at Low rate. It has Same Features, Same look, and better front camera than Sony Experia M.
Good looking, handy , slim, convenient and right smartphone with value for money, I personnely suggested to many persons, already 7buyed
The xperiance with xolo a500s is not good becouse when i got xolo a500s then display is not working. SO xolo is nlt good deal for me
My mobile is overheating while running the internet and charging the battery. Also it gives only 12 hours backup after full charging. And other headphone is not supported in this phone. Thanks and regards Danish
5MP primary camera with LED flash, touch focus and 0.3MP front facing camera 4-inch IPS capacitive touchscreen with 800 x 480 pixels resolution Android v4.2.3 Jelly Bean operating system with 1.3GHz dual core processor, 512MB RAM, 4GB internal memory expandable up to 32GB and dual SIM 1400mAH battery providing talk-time of 10 hours on 2G, 8 hours on 3G networks, standby time of 492 hours on 2G and 470 hours on 3G networks nice mobile
Hi all i like this nice phone fully secured for thief.....and camera clarity is good.....worth for money I checked and compared some other company mobile specifications like samsung and micromax that price will comes around Rs.15000.....xolo is only Rs.6500 And one more important we check our call history and sms in gmail with out mobile one thing i dislike sometimes touch it ll work slowly
For its segment it is best phone, it does best for the price No other smart phone you cant buy at this price it is best best best
Love the phone, durability and its Long Lasting Battery Life. Great Amazon service. Thank You for the great service amazon.
I purchase XOLO A500 IPS from Amazon...with lowest prize.. Great Model...Amazing Features...Just Happy to buy it from Amazon... 100% Satisfied...:)
Nice budget smartphone.Bought it for my dad... Working well for him. Before this was using samsung galaxy S, which he lost.
NICE MOBILE, GOOD AT THIS PRICE RANGE, GOOD QUALITY, VERY SLIM, COMFORT IN HAND NICE XOLO APPLICATIONS WEIGHTLESS XOLO GAVE ADDITIONAL SCREEN GUARD
This phone rocks , it looks great and performs great. The actual downside is it overheats while charging and the flash is very. Great phone, do recommend. Amazon Rocks !
veery bad phone .hangs in half an hour of dellevery .i m very dissappointed with this phone xolo cheats me
i like brand good perfomace service is also good good cell phone i am buying only amazon side bcoz is good side
it is a very good phone at this price range ...the quality and performance of this mobile is unbeatable at this price range..Gaming also works smoothly...best budget phone ever in android family.
It is a gud lookinh mobile i got it for 4.3k and worth the cost..but if u try installing more apps will become slow..Ram shud have been more...still for 4.3 k it is a very gud mobile...
The phone internal memory was supposed to be 4GB but it is 2GB only...this part I disliked and rest all of the things are best and are usually not found in any smartphone under 6k.
Here I cannot judge this product as because I received the product was faulty. But amazon keep its promise as per their 30 day return policy and give full refund.
Best phone in low price...camera & touch is simply awesome but battery back up is bad...this is one defect in this phone...And anthor defect....sound is not loud enough...
Nice phone does't hang for both normal usage and while playing light games except for the camera quality no problems whatsoever
I am not satisfied with this phone as i am facing lots of issue since i have buy this product. I will not recommend any one to buy this phone.
the phone is very good for the price. No issues so far. I think you should not expect a very high end performance at this price and you will b satisfied
Good product.... Slim body.. Nice camera picture quality Clearly sound Low price I have buy Price 4200 Thanks for Amazon
I had already purchased this mobile company has given 1 year warranty, It was completed 10 months board was repaired. don't take this phone.
not tat much gud I expected I reset two times my mob then oly I get gud performance.charge draining quickly n audio s not loudly...
product is very good at this price at this price range no worry to think about the good , ony camera is not good working in night
Every thing is good. But volume control is low, then take the solution for this in future.. that nice...
Good product by Xolo. Perfect for limited apps usage. Good battery life and nice build.
battery backup of this phone is very poor. as well as this phone takes lot of times to get charge
Very good smartphone but 2g not working on both sim slot and I can use only 3g sim in one slot .
Very Bad quality of Bettry.....It not works for 5 Hour (With Talk 1 hour).....................
Pls dont buy !!!! touch screen not good !!!! better stick to samsung and sony only !!!!!!
Mobile is excellent style look but batteries backup is not good,music sound is very low
Its amazing phone, i like it. its camera result is most clear than sony xperia c...
It's a Great product from Xolo and amazing deal with so reasonable prise from AMAZON...i thanks Amazon to deleivered me such a great mobile with amazing features...
I didnt get warranty from the services centre when i went for display problem
Looks Cheap, Bad Build Quality and average camera. Just another budget phone.
They are selling it at very high price. Flipkart selling it rs 700 cheaper.
ok ok, hearing and ringing speaker is tooooooooo low... very dissapointed
Better phones like Karban Titanium S20 is available for the same price.
the screen started flickering and later turned off. I have returned this product. My First bitter experience in online shopping.
touch sensitivity is very poor....battery powr is low waste of money
very nice phone I gifted my daughter she earlier used Samsung grand
best mobile ever, with maximum features you have, at budgeted cost
its a good product of xolo.. user interface also good the android is very good interface such as sony xperia.
Very good phone at an affordable price for students .......
too much hanggggggggg ......... within 2 weeksssssssssss
Got one for 4200,everything fine except for the camera
good and slim and prize is also less compare to other
Product is good as described and fastest shipping..
ips touch is like resistive touch, not recommended
I like this phone but only one .sound low
this phone is very nice and working very good
Well done Lava! Liked the design but the screen colors are not that vibrant and gives really poor viewing angles. Overall it's a feature rich phone. Having Android Jelly Bean with version 4.2.2, a dual-core processor and a graphical processor make this device a standout in the crowd. Funny thing though, in the manual it was written that the device has a "Quad-core MTK6572M 1.2 GHz Processor" while it actually has a different dual-core processor. Didn't expect such errors!
nic phone, but ear speaker voice is too slow
Super product, no complaint, working softly.
all thing is best but camera is very slow..
heat generates very quicly, at back side
this is best at its price,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
I am purchase 4200rs very super deal.
Very Good Phone In Budget Price...
Phone keeps on hanging everytime
Best for the price what you pay
I purchased it on 30th March 2014 and get it on hand by 3rd April, no argue about delivery.... Since, I already had a lot of surfing over internet, so knew all about given specs, so no argue about specs too.. I got it on 3rd April in the evening and it works ax expected(good) for only 24 hours. On 4th April , at night ,I connected it with charger since battery got too much drained and go to sleep. But, what I found in next day morning - the phone was not getting ON...the XOLO logo came, and gone, then came and gone automatically for infinite time, unless I took the battery off or forced the phone to go to debugging mode... On the same day(5th april) I rush to nearest service center in Kolkata. They told me after checking it for 2hours that the motherboard got damaged and in that case they need to send it Noida.. and also told that it will take at least two weeks.. I was hopeless. But, there was no way out. So, I gave it to them and came back.. On the same day at around 3pm I got a call from the same service center, they told me to take it back. And send it back to the retailer anyhow. I talked to amazon regarding this, and returned the product. and almost after 10 days(including all kind of processing times) got my money back. Now I have added some more bucks and am going for Lumia 520. No argue with amazon service. my advice to all of the readers of this review, DO NOT GO FOR XOLO. DO NOT GO FOR A PRODUCT WHICH GIVES YOU WORST PRODUCT EXPERIENCE AS WELL AS WORST SERVICING EXPERIENCE..
phone bahut zyada garam ho jaata hai actually i have gifted it to my sister and due to this defect she complaing me about the phone olways what i do she lives in punjab and i m in delhi
awesome phone in low cost...
Good one .... Best brice ...
awsum phn for appssss <3
this set good for this price
this is a awesome phone....
im not get proper box pack
Excellent mobile and good service and you provide good discounts ...thanking you...continue always this offers. we are always enjoy with your shopping...
Good.... but battery backup is worse
great phone i love it
F9 at this price tag
Second Hand Product
very nice product
Best mobile phone
its good tp use..
dont trust xolo
Worset product
Thanks a lot.
It is amazing
i Nevere seen such a worst mobile like Xolo A500s IPS (Black), completely waste of money, i m suggesting to all please dont purchase this mobile, while talking automatically signal are disconnecting and very very very slow process . If u go to contact list its irritating like hell. please please please please dont purchse such worst & worst Xolo A500s IPS (Black)
Nice phone..
nice product
Nice product
Good phone
Good phone
nice one
Nice one
Good Buy
hello , i requested to all custmors plz dont purchase any item on this site the company is fully defective product to send ur billing address , now you are complaint to product the company is ignored ur complaint . i suggest all custmors plz do not purchase any item for this site . i m purchase the xolo a 500 ips mobile phone. but the site is fully defective product to send my billing address . any one custmor to call me this metter . this is my cell no. 8566975289
nothing
not bed
awesome
cooool
So go
Tanks
Super
okok
good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Poor battery .. But amazon is the best site to buy the product .:
Apart from the look nothing good about it. The call quality is so poor. Incoming call ringtone is barely audible even if you put it on outdoor mode. Call volume is clear but loudness is far below average. In noisy place like Mumbai you can hardly hear a person on the other end. C'mon Xolo, the basic use of the phone is for calling. If you can not provide good call quality then it is just a waste of money. Please don't buy this mobile. Spend Rs.1500 extra and go for Spice Android one or Moto E.
mobile price weri hay bat low price 5000 and you com in 4500 so price nexs vik for you as
