B00GAPP0CW
I bought this phone for my dad, expecting just a good screen. But as compared to other phones in the market,its below expectations. A few things are" Bad touchscreen Lack of features Its hard to find softwares for this OS Lacks home button Hangs a lot, even in opening Whatsapp,then you need to restart. Idk if it can handle multiple apps. There a few goods too: Good camera in this range LED Flash in this range is hard to find,and its good Battery backup is fine,compared to other smartphones Verdict: This WAS a good phone , but not any more with other phones recently launched in market. This phone is now lying idle in my home,as i bought new ASUS Zenfone @6000, it was 100 times better than Asha 502. Sorry Nokia,you were my favourite brand,please give us options to stay loyal, that too with competitive rates.
I brought this for my brother, and for his needs its a amazing product from nokia, the lower version Asha 230 also I ordered fro my Dad.
Go for it if you need just a cute phone, which have all the basic functionality Camera is Okay, with its flash and 5 MP size. The fast lane and swipe oriented interface are pretty good to work with. Battery lasts for almost 2 days small enough compared to other smartphones. (cannot call this a smart phone actually, this is a phone which is not dumb) charging time is very less. Display quality is very bad. Clipboard not present Not enough apps in the store. They haven't made a PC suite which is compatible with this phone But there is an option to export the contacts to the memory card for back up purpose.
Great Phone I was thinking of buying a new phone since 2 weeks before I bought this from Amazon.in I never wanted to buy a costly phone and at the same time wished for all the features I could get. Met all the expectations with regards to features. Many of my colleagues and friends appreciated my phone :) Best buy at a low price compared to other phones, Nice Offers on Amazon.in
Well first things first, the phone is slow. No screenshots possible. No Hike. Graphics suck. Poor very poor camera resolution. Photos look like vga in low light. Whatsapp is boring. Poor internal memory so you need to delete stuff all the time to make space for apps to work flawlessly. However, nokia music express is way too cool. There's a mix radio which is a haven for music addicts like myself. Facebook works in a cool way. Oh well , that's it I guess.
Plus: Phone looks handy, got good battery life, touch is smooth n sily, Nokia brand supoort anytime. Minus: Very low access to applications, headset is average and the colour looks awkward Over all good phone for Nokia lovers and ecomomy users.
Sorry, my experience with the product is not good. May be because this is a Window Phone, it does not give the services the other smart phone give. I have a Nokia Lumia N520 which is a better product.
The phone is good for a normal user who is not interested in fancy applications. I bought it for my father who just talks and sometimes sends messages. One downside is the Internet experience on the phone and camera quality which are average at most.
likd the product bt colour of headset is not good it comes in bright red colour it doesnt suit the product
not good at all,hangs a lot of time..,it gets hanged many times..and never buy phone online. and even its name asha is not good
As a nokia user thought nokia asha would stand out exceptionally as i was gifting one to my dad.. however i used it for a trial run before giving it for 5 hours... It turned out that the phone super sluggish and it lags!!... so i would only recommend you to buy only if you need to otherwise you will be better off buying an android phone over a falling s40 phone.. cheers :)
I bought this phone for my dad. I wanted a budget phone with a decent camera and a user friendly operating system. The most important app for anyone in Mumbai is m-Indicator. As a Mumbaikar, that is the only thing I missed in this phone. The phone is great for basic use otherwise. Good value for money.
HELLO Amazon i really liked the offer given by yu guys n i could afford it coz it's ma budget... I'm very happy coz i got it in 24 hrs n also it's a complete paisa vasool product n i like the colour of the hands free, handset, battery memory card..... worth it.... coz in such a low price i got a good phone.... soo cheers nokia and amazon.........................
The touch screen and camera are great, can't copy paste text and can't run more than 3 background apps simultaneoulsy, overall a good phone.
Its nice phone but the was not with gift pack. Its good in use enjoying with the new phone. Nice features.
It a nice phone. Bought it for my dad and he's happy with it. UI is not complicated. Comes preloaded with Facebook and Whatsapp. What more could you ask for 5k?
Satisfied with the requirements of new generation mobile phone with less complications. But the change of Nokia to Microsoft generate certain confusion.
Good Budget phone with basic entry model features. Enough to make calls. Got this for my parents. THey are happy with it. So I guess it was a good buy!
The best a person can get in this price range. Better than laggy androids in this price range.
how can i go through the phone is a problem there is no manual to read how to use the phone
NIce product at this price by NOkia.Now there are better products at this price.
User friendly.. Battery back up is Good.. Nice cam clarity..
could have got something better in the same price range
Camra quality is very poor, no vidio making option
Phone is ok. But camera needs improvement. :-/
the product is absolutely cute and i loved it
No comment, I think 5 star is enough
Nice product and a decent price tag
i like amazone because his service of shipment very fast and the commitment is absolutly right and atractive , good quality.
T h e q u a l i t y o f t h e p r o d u c t i s g o o d
its good it would be better if wont opt this because you cant open a text documents pdf files and any kind of files if u want but for starting users it is the best choice
bought in very nice offer...
Didn't like it.
VERY SMALL...
its good..
It's good
very good
Nokia Asha 502 is a very low quality mobile device. Most of the times even default applications getting lagged and hanged. Not recommended for any users.
It is nice cell phone in this range, It's touch is smooth and all other things are also good. But don't expect too much from this, Camera quality is not as good as 5 mp. Battery back is also so so, Yet to explore this phone, Well I will suggest it u want phone of this range then it's OK otherwise don't go for this.
