B00GWBW11W
I had purchased Leonvo Mobile A850 online through Amazon.With in a month I had to submit the phone to your service center in ,Mumbai as there was an issue of phone shutting down/restart on its own.Even though we requested to replace handset as it was hardly a month old ,they just serviced it and returned it.The problem persisted. Again after using the the phone for another month the phone just went dead last month .We immediately submitted the phone to your service center but we have been charged Rs 4000 service charge(we were not even informed about the expected cost).The phone is within the warranty period and Lenovo is not honouring any of its warranty commitments. This is very unfair on part of Lenovo to supply us a substandard product and then charge us for no fault of ours.I am very upset with Lenovo and would never recommend any product to Lenovo.THEY HAVE A POOR SERVICE NETWORK WHICH IS OUTSOURCED TO SOME COMOPANY AND THEY DO NOT EVEN BOTHER ABOUT CUSTOMERS.
I have ordered a Leanova A850 black and with in 15 days the top glass just cracked on cheaking with the service center in Vadodara the wanted to keep the hand set for 2 days and said it would take about 15 days to get the replacement glass. Today I have come across another lady who has experienced the same for problem of top glass broken. I wonder if Lenova is aware of this problem. Dinkoo Mistry.
Lenovo A850 is a mid range quadcore device priced around 15K Features,Pros and Cons 1) 5.5 inch IPS Display,but coming with a poor resolution (540 x 960 pixels ) ie only 200PPI. Viewing angles are good. 2) This is powered by a MTK 6582M Quad-core 1.3GHz Processor which performs on par with the popular Mtk6589 processor. The GPU on board is a Mali-400 MP. It performs better than the usual GPU, PowerVR SGX 544MP, seen in mtk6589 devices like Micromax Turbo,Xolo 3000 etc.Gaming performance is great for the price. (Note : GSMArena lists this has a PowerVR SGX 544MP GPU which is an error, gfxbenchmark website clearly shows it has a Mali-400 MP ) 3) 1 GB Ram, which has now become a standard in 10K+ devices, allows lag free multitasking. 4) Jellybean 4.2.2 - Not the latest,but still new and better than 4.1 Jellybean. Im not sure whether this device will ever get updates to 4.3 or 4.4. No word from lenovo yet. Like any other Lenovo device,this too has a modified custom ui,so not a stock android experience. 5) Battery - Li-Po 2250 mAh battery which is good. You can get around 2 days of average use with low brightness settings. 6) Camera - 5 MP Rear and VGA Front Cam. Photo quality is not good. 7) Storage - You CANNOT move or install apps to the sdcard,so you are stuck with around 2 GB of internal memory for apps and games installation,which is not enough if you plan to install a lot of games. Overall a good huge device with decent specs,but priced a little higher. Camera quality and Internal memory are the key downsides of this device.
Good phone..big screen..fair screen quality..nice battery back up..you will not regret buying it..i am enjoying using it..only camera can be improved..
phone function is very good, but camera photo quality is too much bad. even other basic phone 1.3mp camera photos are very good.
Superb Phone for a regular use....4GB internal memory so can't install Huge apps...good for it's budget, Quad core, 1GB RAM, Camera is not that great but manageable.
the sreen resolution is too low battery drains often poor appication overall good spec for cheap price worse then micromax
I am happy with the phone it is very good at price of about Rs 12000. It is very good value and the pros are large screen and quad core only con resolution is not very good. would recommend this phone to others. Amazon service was very good and fast delivery.
Good... Long battery life.... A bit heavy.... Better than most of the indian brands....good buy at an affordable price and lenovo reputation
An outstanding performance and the battery life is good .thanks for lenovo, but we are nor getting a good quality flip cover for the same. Jayesh gandhi
Once you start using it, update the software i.e. from setting > about > check for update > and update. NOW YOU CAN MOVE YOU MOST OF THE APPS TO SD CARD, WHICH YOU COULD NOT IN THE BOX VERSION. After a long research i ordered it from amazon.in, and added 1 day delivery, and got it in time, wow. and on using it for 2hours i found it had no option to move the app to sd card, i searched it on internet, and yes it lacked that. i check if there was any update from Lenovo, but alas it was not. So i called up customer care of amazon. and described the issue with them, and amazingly they suggested ' if i did not like or am not satisfied with the phone i can return it and get full refund', i was astonished by these, and finally agreed to return. and then again i checked for update, """ yes it was there "", was lucky i downloaded it and was successful to move apps to sd card. And thus i am now not returning my phone, i love it. Go on buy it with confidence, i bet you wont regret it. VERY GOOD FAST PHONE.
Well...bought this product 4 months back..! Working good as of now..! Processor is okay..! The screen and its resolution for 10k is okay..but considering the newest releases like Moto G and Moto E...Lenovo A850 can be developed..! And yea...Camera is 5mp..but the pictures look 2mp or something.! Camera lacks quality..! PS : Prefer the newest releases..! :)
I love the phone.. Been using it for 1 year Pros:- Good display Never get stuck when playing running games. I have installed Temple run2, Subway surfer and Angry Nanny all at once. Cons:- Bad Camera. Pics are good when there is enough light but still could have been better Battery life is ok but not best
I'm using it for a month, and it is really good(I do not play heavy games, so I don't know how would it work). Especially if you are a reader of articles, then the screen size will help you. Internet speed is very good. But you have to get the latest system update to transfer app data to SD card.settings\about phone\system update.
Good Phone for the Price of Rs9000/-,I have faced no issues in past one month,Overall-Excellent.
The Real Smartphone money can buy! 3 days of battery backup, is not a joke... i been using this for now almost 20 days ,and it rocks in all ways... this phone surely runs ahead of all phones,especially samsung's ... 5+ stars for Lenovo & 5+ stars for Amazon ,for making this deal possible ! thank you Amazon ..
A huge screen and a decent looking device with IPS display. Using this phone from last 2 months never faced hang problem. Gud battery backup. Only one this that I didn't like about this device is camera. Overall I m fully satisfy with this device and suggest u all this if u want a bigger screen.
I purchased this phone on 7-Jan and got delivered on 9-Jan as committed by Amozon. This is very good phone, big 5.5 inch screen with good back camera. Front camera not so good but manageable. Worth buying. Thanks to amazon for such wonderful deal. Must purchase.
What an amazing purchase this has turned out to be! An year has passed. And the performance has not dipped. No issues whatsoever. The battery backup is a bit low, but then again I am a very heavy user. I would recommend this phone to everyone! Great service by amazon!
Performance of phone is great (awesome) and screen is also nice despite of low resolution. Not for camera loving people as rear camera performance is equivalent to a 2 megapixel fixed focus camera. Don't buy if you consider camera important.
very good mobile but front camera must be minimum 2.0 mega pixels is good this is only draw back, and battery also at least 3000, even after buying this phone, i specially appreciate the amazon on their excellent fast delivery.
Value for money.....good features with varied options....avg camera In this range...worth of it. Only constraint if the battery goes below 20% then immediately have to connect to the charger..but still value for money
I really love the mobile and its functions. It supports all the apps. It is like a moving pc in pocket. Any work of internet, brousing, banking chating, intertainment, movie, sound player, etc. can be done by this mobile.
i purchase lenovo A 850 , as compare to price to other phone lenovo A 850 good phone . perfect resolutio
in my lenovo a850 it shows 2 gb internal memory, how i can see the correct internal memory in my lenovo a850.
Very effective touch and browsing is fun in this mobile. It is worth of money and specifications are also good.battery life.
It's really good phone Such a smart phone Soooooooooooo goooooooddddddddddddddddddd Please use this phone than checked it now s a
Nice it is.....very beautiful....................... very good .................. ........ ........ .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .
great phone..got for a good deal 9760 + 10% cash back big screen 5.5"..still handy for carrying. good display..good camera. camera response was too good. could take many snaps in quick time. videos of HD quality can be shot. quick response.
Excellent battery back up, fast processor, phone does not hang while browsing or while playing games. Worth for the money and it's a big phone in the budget of 10k - 11k. Display and looks are not too jazzy and it looks like a phone suited for business and personal use. Happy with the service provided by Amazon.
Hi, I bought it for my friend, and till date Lenovo A850 handset is working absolutely fine. All the best
very good product. Very reasonable price amd performance is so fast. Product is genuine and delivary too fast. I m very satishfied.
Good phone worth buying in dat price range. . With all da features of costly smartphone. . Camera is little poor. .
its a great product i have received............its great touch with a fast processor...............camera quality is little bad but the product is awesome...........i advice if you want a android phone with a great battery backup and fast processor with low budget then please go with this product........its a good one......i love it.
Hi, Rear 5megapixel camera not clearly photo and video remaining all is good. internal memory giving extra and screen guard not clear early coming line scratches. Thank you.
Superb mobile,value for money,just now bought it 4 days ago. Amazon's service is awesome ,got the product within 48hours.m loving it.
i received this product in 4 days in good packaging...nicely packed original sealed piece.....big screen, Nice processor,android,good looking,heavy discount on amazon otherwise original cost is 15999 and m gettin this for 10599...flat 5000 rupees discount....few thing lacking like back camera quality is not upto mark and a mobile cover should be given at this price range sets....but Overall a Nice set compared to other biggies Samsung,HCL,micromax,Nokia......surely lenovo a serious player..go without a second thought..
A Good smartphone..Met all my expectation. Big screen, 1 GB RAM & discounted price through Aazon. Timely delivery. Battery back is not that much as expected.
Good built quality, good U I, very good screen, good touch response, good looks, no lag in games like temple run, good Internet experience, this is my second lenovo purchase, earlier had bought a s920 for my wife. I would say Lenovo phones are real good value for money, I find it much better than comparable specs Samsung, and much cheaper also. Camera could have been a bit better, excellent phone for under 10 grand ( I have paid 9900/-). Very good value for money deal from amazon
it is a more than worth buying. i am amazed with this mobile. very smooth and fast. i can perform any action without any delay. it works very fast. i love it. no need to check other brand or model mobile because i am fully satisfied with this mobile. JATIN
i use a lenovo mobile and laptop because i like this lenovo product.I just instaled this game my lenovo a850 and it runs silky smooth and graphics are very cool...
Best budget smartphone those who want bigger screen with quadcore processor and 1 GB RAM. Primary camera should be 8 MP.
Awesome phone.. .....in this range u cant expect anything more than this.. ....touch, sound, pic quality, gaming, look in every field it is awesome. ..love Lenovo
First of all, Thanks to Amazon.in team for delivery the items on time. I've ordered on 22nd May and expected delivery was on 26th but they delivered on 25th, I totally appreciated their service ( UNDER-promise AND OVER-deliver ). And regarding phone, I'm very happy with the product and almost same with the reviews made by other people. But, it would be great one if camera quality is increased and provide a good handsfree.
one of the best smartphone in the unniverse,sharp like a crystal, fast like a current, easy like a friend ,just a brilliant experience shokingly
Simply a nice phone packed with huge dimensions and good piece of software.... Not a top end phone but given the price, you wouldnt want to expect more than this.....
Good phone at price of 11,000 .. value for money Good phone at price of 11,000 .. value for money Good phone at price of 11,000 .. value for money Good phone at price of 11,000 .. value for money
Its my first week using the phone and I have just one word to describe it. Awesome! Now let's discuss step by step. Like most other buyers, I too did a market research about this phone, both online & locally. I got the phone absolutely box packed and sealed 5days after i placed the order(sat sun included) The 1st thing you notice is the brand and build quality stands out. The touch is responsive also the OS layout. The sound & screen are good. The speed of the phone with its processor and ram is good.the battery life is good too. For sm1 who's confused or double minded about the phone,I'd like to assure that this is the best buy by far.its definitely better than the cheap Chinese wana be phones and brands. In fact for the price it comes,its a total value for money.its got the feel of a 20k phone. Rest assured you can forget the Samsung's n micromax's .this is where your money should be at.
handling of purchase was completely professional and to the satisfaction. worth to the price purchased. was handling Galaxy Note 1 since more than year. found Lenovo 850 smother and with better touch screen. Even though usuing only for wek period hence immediate response may not be 200% truth.
Gifted the same to my Maa... It's really gud but the camera is below average.. Amazon is damn gud... Lenovo- yeah, using 2 of their phones and planning to buy X2... They r on the right path....
All features are good but camera quality is poor.
Screen response is fantastic. Apps run very smoothly and without lag. Camera with 8 mega pixel will do wonders for this product.
As per specifications Lenovo A850 was Dual sim. But on purchasing it is working only on one sim. Since it is purchased ON LINE throu amazon, nobody is responsbile.
Amazon service is very fast. safe & carefully packing. lenovo brand very good performance, but camera quality is very bad. For internet users phone is very good.
If you want a cheap, fast, large screen mobile and if you don't mind poor camera and mediocre pixel density, look no further. Lenovo A850 is the one for you.
it mentions that it come with internal 4gb memeory however its actually 2gb only. being a new phone it should have the latest android that is kitkat.
This is my 3rd Lenovo mobile purchase from Amazon. Lenovo mobiles are fantastic devicez, with best quality. I understood the quality of Lenovo mobile when i first purchased Lenovo A516 for my father. Lenovo mobiles have great build quality, and amazing battery backup,what else we require. Thank u Amazon India in making available the items at the best price. Above all the peace of mind when we buy from Amazon. Best customer support.
I bought it 24th aprip'14. But within three months display is not proper working sometime. I have to go service center. Other is o.k
screen resolution is very poor and camera also very bad.battery backup is ok. dont buy lenovo a850 its not good phone
All the features provided are pretty good but the camera quality is not all that great. Good phone for this price though.
i must say that it is very comfortable to have a 5.5 inch screen where you will find maximum pleasure even in very little things. i will recommend this to a person seeking a phone which is for gaming and movie . and it is cheap considering its size :) . The only one con is that it has some weight :( . but you wont regret :D
this smartphone is so smart that it never lets my gf know when i am cheating on her. . . A must buy for guys like me.
The charger and the screengaurd(had a a scratch on it) sucks and please unleash android kitkat update..
Nice Phone and very useful for all day work i recommended buy this phone to all next purchaser
Nice phone but its restarting most of time when using and when in dual Sim mode it will hanging
Battery is very week it requires continuous charging i.e. every time mobile is on charging mode
The only big reason I bought this phone is for its big screen. I struggled for 1day with this phone as it was not detecting the sim cards in it. I use to get an error message as 'Invalid IMEI Number'. I decided to return it, but just before repacking I have tried to reset with factory settings. Suddenly it started working. Pros: 1. Big Screen 2. Good Ram 3. Faster Internet. Cons 1. Camera. - Though 5MP, the resolution is very bad. We get poor quality images.
Product looks good and prompt delivery by the seller. Worth to buy it for this price range.
Was very sad to return a Lenovo Product - Phone, the phone switched off , camera is ok.
amazing product , with good features with super fast delivery by amazon ,thanks ..!
awesome phone I am using this phone it never hang and superb camera quality.
really a good phn and got at amazon at a very reduced price. Thanks amazon
IT IS CONFORT TO CARRY AND QUALITY WISE IT IS GOOD. I LOVED IT.
Nice phone big screen , Processor, value your money...........
Good at this price. Display should be brighter little more.
really a gud pick.battery backup not up to the expectation.
Great product for the amount of money I paid for it
Handset is good. Camera quality need to improve.
Best phone . I used this phone from one year.
Nice but battary lasts very fast on 3G....
Really Good ...... Paisa vasul.....
Built isn't that good. Average product
nice...
Its good to use....no problem yet...
worst phh battery pblm after a month
Ausome product at 8k thanks amazon
Nice phone.. Loved, excellent..
Good performance...nice battery backup..advanced power saving app from Lenovo. In total great phone for lower price.....quad core 5.5 inch phone under 11,000...just grab it....
it hangs a lot... not good buy
is gud time to time dwlwvery.
good phone! worth to buy
Nice. Prompt delivery
nice phone go for it
SUPER IN THIS BUDGET
its ok, average use
facing memory issue
Excellent Phone...
Nice mobile phone.
Nice product......
Good Performence
Quite Promising
COMPANY OFFERED RAM-4GB BUT ACTUAL 2GB,BATTERY BACKUP VERY LOW
i was skeptic to buy, as there was no cash on delivery available for my city, but then my friends told its fyne and reliable.. and i just ordered with the help of net banking.. but to my surprise i got the product in just 3 days.. and that too in a perfectly wrapped cover and a nice phone.. i dont knw abt others, but this phone suits my needs and perfectly okay for my use. as of now i have no issues with this phone!!1 i am happy customer...
good product
very nice...
good phone
Awesome phone!!!Using it for 4 months...superb!!!thank to amazon as well for a budget price for this phone
THK THAK
good one
Love it, amazing look,nice display quality,camera is nice HD video recording,Quad core Gives nice speed, best mobile no hanging problem.
awesome
Camera quality is not good when compare to other branded phones. Battery backup is not at all good. It will switch off automatically and it won't switch on when you done it. :(
its ok
good
Good
Good
photo quility very bad, internal memory 2 gb you say 4 gb
It suddenly stops working waste phone
