B00GHACYXI
I'm using XOLO A600 [White] since last 1 months and I observed following:- Pros :- -> Beautiful Construction. 9mm Thickness and Chrome Finish On Top And Bottom Gives It A Premium Class Look. -> Very Sensitive Touch -> Never Hang/Slow In Normal Usage -> Sufficient Battery Back-up [ 2 Days:-When Data Connection Was Active All Time And Calling Was 30-40 min/day] -> Ring Speaker Sound Is Enough Loud And Call Speaker Sound Is Also Very Good. -> XOLO Power Software Loaded (It helps to manage battery Usage) -> XOLO Secure Application Also Loaded For Theft Protection. -> Charger, Data Cable, Head-Phone All Are Of Same Colour [White] and Construction/Finish Is Very Good. -> Comes with Screen Protector. Cons :- -> No Auto-Focus In Rear Camera, It is a fixed focus camera. -> Sound Quality Over Head-Phone Is Below Average.
I got my device within a weeks time. Now I was just too excited to use it. My first look stopped at the screen of the device popping out. When I checked it, It looked as if recently it has been attached to it using glue. And touch would hang frequently and won't work. I kept it in hand for 2,3 minutes only. That's was a glory.! Now I have applied for return. Let's see how amazon acts. First experience with Amazon and I get a defective piece.Very bad!! It couldn't be any worse. For me first impression is the last impression.
Xolo a600 is better than the others within this price Range, Resolution + processor is much better than A500s and other models. Battery bacKup is superb.
A good phone. I gave four stars because mic is not part of the headphones, in fact the phone's socket does not support headphones with mic. I wouod have liked the screen scratch guard to heve been factory fitted. Also, a flip cover along with the phone would have been nice. Phone manufacturers must also offer the charger as optional, now that charging sockets are standardized. Phone came with a free football, which my son liked.
Xolo is absolute wonderful phone... First I though that is will be like China Mobile, but when I received this product.. Oh really its amazing... the touch, screen clarity, Internet speed, All applications are really awesome... Ofcourse I wil buy more xolo products..... AND hats off to AMazon... Excellent service... delivered my product within 8 hours....
only one disadvantages this mobile ram only for small but this mobile feature and screen resolution camera are very attractive. this mobile body are very sexy..i like it mobile
Good touch quality processor is good but only ram is quite low otherwise excellent phone in its category camera quality could be improved and earphone low bass
Amazing Phone amazing look amazing performance touch feedback is so soft camera and video recording is as well as the features mentioned in the product details. good budget smart phone.
you give me wrong product i by XOLO A600 (WHITE) but you gives XOLO Q600 I manage your product please give me fast my invoice XOLO Q600 no costumer value for money
I bought Xolo A600 one month back through Amazon. Delivery was prompt. Phone is very easy to handle.It was awesome its processor is very faster compare to same rate of other company phone
i hate the camera's work in shades and at night ...agrrrrh ....please work on that, developers. and mine headphones is not working as its just a month long i'hv bought it.
ram 512 ........its problem.....and all best.............look amazing......in low price good phone... and screen , touch, and looking a nice phone....
Hi my self Dr.kalpit ...xolo is Too good..just ram is little disappointing........ I gifted this phone..n she is so happy
Very nice phone if it will have 1GB Ram then it will fantastic, I will suggest Xolo Q700S over it.
Nice looking mobile . Fits in Hand. display is quite god. applications responds in good speed. nice product in such price
Phone is good.. But a little hard with the touch .. Package and handling is nice.. Lookwise the best... Nice features
Just awesome. Cant tell much about the product's performance but when you will hold this in your hand you will feel great. A great product at such awesome price. only this that need to be taken into consideration is the RAM. But by using good apps like cleanmaster you can overcome such problems. You can't rely heavily on camera and flash especially flash, its terrible.. but at 6.5k what you can expect more. Lookwise it can beat any mobile. Just feel free to buy this lovely gift and show it to the world.
Xolo a600 is a awesome phone at this price. Good configuration & long battert with slim design. great phone of xolo
Hello Amazon my package (Mobile) are dad within 2 day so, don't call me for rating or mail other wise I m angry.
Its an awsome phn with perfect. Features Model looks smart easy to carry I recomend u buyers to buy it
Amason delivered the Xolo A600 within 2 days of booking the item within short time and I was surprised and amazed its delivery for a short time. The piece is intact and in good condition and really I amazed by the working of cell phone and its features. After my purchase the price of Xolo A600 there is a hike in the price. Xolo A600 features are excellent and worthy of its price.
I choose this product due to its great design and slimness. Product feature is good not best but its square design feel much better than any other phone in this price range.
I dont think its bad but sometime i open any application its take more time so ithink its ram little bit low other are good like battery backup as well as well camera so think xolo a600 is good to compare any other same range phone
This is a nice mobile sleek and stylish, easy to grip, very easy to operate. Good batter back up for 2G little bit less for 3G
Excellent battery and signal pickup far better in rural areas than Samsung. Touchscreen with HD is fine . better product than high priced branded ones.
XOLO is doing a pretty good job in making good quality handset. Both the build quality and the interface are unique and looks highly durable.
very slow delivery it may take 10-or more days....and this product's after sale service is poor... XOLO i s not so trusted one for me..bcz of ther poor service
good. Worth the price. best phone for the starters. best battery backup with 1900 mhz battery. supports quiet good games.
The overall look of the phone is fabulous. Looks cool in handy. Performance wise the intel processor support is excellent. Despite of its 512mb ram its response and support to the applications is quiet quick and stable. The touch screen is super sensitive. I like playing games like Real Steel and Fractal Combat X using its sensors and touch. Moreover the phone is radiculously lightweight. This really makes Xolo A600 an extraordinary phone. I really Love my new Phone...
Handset is value for money paid. Liked Amazon services, Prompt & Quick as promised. Reminded me of Flipkart earlier used to be.
aweesssommmeeee product aweeessssome service by amazon and awesom e service by best price poinet balle balle shava shava balle balle
Xolo a600 good touch response a good phone
Nice budget phone. RAM os the only botheration.but still the phone doesn't slow down because of it. It can play full HD without any stuck. Nice phone for its prprice.
Nice product at low price. It is working very well. Battery backup is good. Camera is not bad. Sound quality is also nice. I am satisfied with this product.
Camera worst quality. 512 ram worst experience battery back up only 5hours, but desion was rocking stylish look i want more expect to xolo
Phone is good in over all performance, Ram is 512 MB it should be 1 gb min, Camera and other feartures are good. Overall I like it.
everything s fine but there should ve been bit better battery pack up...... other dan that no issues....mmm its a gd one......
I wanted to give it a 3 star but display, battery, user friendly made me give it 4. Else its a bit slow, touch problem etc.
while using internet, the battery life is very minimum... just improve it otherwise it is a nice phone for this budjet
Very cute and slim, good built quality, camera, display etc.. Over all value for money (i bought it Rs. 5570)
512 MB RAM so not work good, & automatically switched off many times so not recommended buy this mobile..
Nice mobie large screen good resolution and long battery backup. And good delivery system by india post
Touch is not working proper; Unable to type message properly.. and its responding very slow response.
after sometime hanging proublem, touch is slow process & speaker speed is very low.
Not as per expectation. Seems to hang sometimes and there is also a definite lag.
Defect less product delivered, thank you very much, working fine
works well, good battery back up. limited speed of internet.
this phone is good and now time are working better.
Mobile processing good but camera quality very bad
not as expectations suddenly off sometime
ok we need more picture clarity in camera
AVERAGE PHONE .... ITS HANGING A LOT
nyc service from amazone & nyc phone
A kitkat is needed. Otherwise good.
Xolo A600 is a budget Android device powered by a MT6572 chipset and 512 MB ram. Pros Great Premium Looks Decent 1.3GHz dual core processor (cortex A7 ) + Mali 400 GPU. This combination score around 3400 on quadrant benchmark. 4.5 inch qHD resolution(960×540 pixels) IPS screen (Good for the price) 4GB storage of which 1.27GB is allocated for apps and 1.27GB as phone storage. Apps can be installed/moved to sdcard. Good Battery - 1900 mAh Android 4.2 Jellybean (not the latest,but is better than 4.0 or 4.1) Accelerometer, light and proximity sensors on board. Cons 512 MB ram,of which around 200MB is free,rest are occupied by apps and by the operating system.This can be an issue while running a lot of apps and big games.Gaming performance is average. Viewing angles are not that great. Camera Quality is average,as you can expect from any other mobile at this price range. Verdict - This device is not another cheap looking device out there. 512 MB ram can be an issue sometimes. Mircomax A77 with the same processor, at the same price range offers 1 GB ram and a bigger battery.But it does have issues like a low resolution display,apps cant be moved to sdcard and looks cheap. If you can spend a few more bucks you can get quadcore mtk6589 or more powerful mtk6582 devices with 1 GB ram.
Happy with this purchase
Nice phone Fast Delivery
totally satisfied with the product and the service, amazon rocks !! ...the biggest usp of the phone is its battery and display
Amaz ing phone
Xolo A600 is good..
its a amazing phone
This price 100%ok
awesome product
first of all this phone touchscreen has some problem.apps close and open fequently.now i applied for return.the worst part.amazon is making me suffer for it.they are not taking the product.it made me cost money for the paperworks they ask to do.guys if you are buying this phone buy from other online sellers.might be 100rs more.but they will give the best service.and the refund if product damaged will be more than you gave the phone.
don't buy this
cheep n best
Very Nice.
its good
Best phone on this price. No one can beat this phone on performance wise or in durability. Excellent video quality by IPS display. Sound was good. Battery performance was also very good.
I like the phone very much but there is a problem when I view videos. No sound heard when the blue tooth is on. Touch is alright not great. But good phone for the money I paid.
superb
good mobile with android 4.2 at this rate. wider screen. front & back camera good. look wise nice. ram only 512 mb.
Good
Bad
ok
I ordered the phone after a massive review reading about it over the internet. Finally i decided to order one on amazon.in for 6025/- & product was delivered to me in 3 days! My first comment for this product is "wow" in this price. Believe me, the features & quality that XOLO A600 has offered in this range is really amazing. I am using the phone since 1 week & its going all smooth !! Though it can few cons in this price range : 1) rear camera & its flash will not give you bright pictures in low light. 2) Clearity or better to say "readability" of scanned documents is not satisfactory ! -- If the above 2 cons doesn't matters much to you, you will not regret buying this "elegant" look phone :-)
not satisfied
