B00G2YD9II
its very nice phone, and also working properly.. amazon provide a good service and also very god product..
i bought this phone about 6 months back and its a crap. Some of the positive sides are 1. its color is good and looks fantastic 2. its internet spd is gud (fr downloading apps) 3. the display and sound quality is awesome. apart from that many probs. 1.its got a unreasonably less 512 mb ram 2.single core processor 3.battery drains out very fast. 4.opening and closing apps are a headache. 5.gets stuck while running a app overall its a crap and not even ideal for simple use but the phone is very hard. Alternative option: moto e , asus zenfone 4 , karbonn etc.
its cute and very nice mobile to purchase at this rate and amazon is the only shop has sold the mobile on a lowest price than that of other on line shopping.
Samsung is making fool of the people by giving such Low specs phone at high price. This phone is just a waste of money . it is very slow . alwaya hangs, most of apps not respond on it. U will regret after buying the phone.
good jo jita vohi sikandar samsung galaxy trend gt s7392 is bast pic mobail bikega to amazon se hi bikega vo bhi samsung galaxy trend gt s7392 hi bikega me 5star deta hu
the product is nice price of market rate is very low.amazon service is superb. I am satisfied amazon service.so goooooooooooood
Y can't we give zero star..... Worst phone from Samsung... Samsung is fooling... Micromax canvas A1 is far good than trend.. 7500 ₹ is waste...
I brought Samsung galaxy trent the phone was good but the packing I doesn't. Like by elephant deals
Camera is good but night mode is poor,screen visibility is good I want more ram on this smartphone.
Dont buy this mobile... m using since 1 year.... only 512 mb ram... too much hanging problem..
You have a better option as MOTO E in the same price range, Samsung should think about the reduction in the prices for the product. speed of processing is average
Bought it from you, it hangged on the very first day. Still i have the same problem.
reasonable rate in my budget with good features in comparative rates
if phone is less thik and sleek than its better than origional one
its nice phone & worth paying. Amazon given best deal.
bought it for my mother...she wants to stay connected with me as i stay in bnglr...we got the phone the 2nd day of the order...she likd it...suits her personality...not much fuss in using this phone...evrything is clear...read well n u ll b able to operate it...she can nw switch on/off phone...internet..take pics...send pics...etc etc ,...she likd th phone m glad...i cn say tht it is the best phone in the android starting range...:)
Nicely working. No issues at all.
Touch screen experience was new for me. I found it very handy while transposing from a multimedia feature phone to a Samsung Galaxy Trend S7392. It fulfilled my all expectations of a PC and featured cell phone as well.
PHONE HANG NO PROPALI WORKING
I think it is work for the money. Nice phone with dual sim card. Photo is not bad at all
good products product is good.i recommend it this site is very good.very fast and punctual.no hassle.easy shopping.so buy and enjoy it
It is very good phone.
Very Nice Product
yes it is thanks
Samsung continues to exploit their brand name by introducing very low end devices for a higher price. This phone is clearly overprized. The performance of the device is not good at all. 1 Ghz single core processor is not enough to handle multi-tasking with ease and the heavy touchwiz ui makes things worse. This only has 512MB of Ram. The battery backup is also not good,it can't even last a day of average use. * * Specs * * 1 Ghz Single core processor. 512 MB Ram 480 x 800 pixels, 4.0 inches TFT Display Android Jellybean,with Touchwiz interface on top. 3 MP Camera [ Poor Quality ], NO front camera. 1500mAh Battery My recommendation is to pay a few more bucks and go for quadcore,1GB Ram devices like Xolo Q700,Xolo Q700S etc coming under 10K. Galaxy Trend is clearly not a value for money device.
not bad.....
Very Nice.
Nice Phone
I hate it. It's camera does not have a flash On more than one occassion it did not discontinue the call even after i cut it, I got charged till i realised it and cut the call again Battery life is 12hours Ughh Plus: Whatsapp is finally on
Good Buy
Your Samsung as well as your Service is Very Good! Little Late Only because We expect it to Gift that Lovely Phone to our Loved One. Any how That nice Samsung Phone reached Us in time as well as we have relax time for Demo & Set it. Thank You AMAZON!!! Already I am starting to Canvas about 'Amazon'. Keep it UP!!!! Amazon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GRPrasad
Excellent phone and excellent service by amazon ! Completely satisfied with the overall service. Recommend all to buy from amazon!
I recomont this for every one because this is low cost best phone i love it i love the os
Awesome phone. I bought it for about Rs.6500 with 8gb sd card. It doesn't have flash and a secondary camera but it plays most of the video formats easily. Value for money phone.
Okay
Its beyond my expctation. But only problm is it is stcking in middle. Aprt frm tht evrythng is fine. Thnk u.
