B00HF4VSGO
I bought this XOLO Q1000 Opus phone from amazon. From day one it has given a problem of volume i.e. my voice doesn't reach clearly to other end. Power button was working intermittently. After one service it stopped working completely. I hope XOLO company will try to resolve this problem. After such experience I would not recommend this phone to anyone. Note - I bought it in July 2014 and now its Oct' 2014 still the problem is not solved.
Sorry to say but this phone did not meet my expectations. No problems with Amazon's service but still the phone is so bad that it is not worth the money spent on it. Thought the Fit & Finish & Screen were good but the phone started giving problems from 2nd day onwards. Network issue, Earpiece not working & lastly Headset jack stopped working. Took it to XOLO service & they said they will change the PCB (Motherboard) & all other required things & will return the phone back after 25 days. WIthin 5 days of usage these things have happened to the the phone. I didn't expect this kind of Quality from Xolo but I have seen its reviews, which are not good. I would advise everyone not to go for this model of Xolo in particular. My wife has been using Q800 for 6 moths now & that is a very good phone whne compared to this or any other phone in that range. Hats off to Amazon Service for going a step ahead & helping me get a refund for this worthless item. Thank you Amazon for your service.
Good Product. Specifications rock in terms of performance also. Value for money. Android was immediately updated to Kitkat. Good resolution. No problem in buying Indian brands especially when almost Ninety percent the mobile manufacturers are sourcing parts from China. Besides, Good quality Chinese phones like Gionee, Xiaomi are now acceptable brands in India.
Pathetic after sales service. Product was good as long as it lasted. Within 6 months, touch screen stopped working. Product with service centre since almost a month. At service centre, many such unsatisfied customers with various complaints. Advisable to buy only standard product. Currently, back to my 3 year old Samsung Mobile.
When I received this product , it was defective piece.I order it on 4th Nov14 and received on 6th Nov .The product microphone is not at all working (Xoloq1000 Opus white) .First time thought to purchase with the indian brand that to with reputed online website and got the defective one .Expecting some solution soon
Phone is defected problem in usb i email xolo customer care.. Xolo customer care reply me use other brand usb cable if u again problem Email again with IMEI NO... Today after using 8 day i find crack in screen display Today i go to service center jodhpur after checking saying me this screen is damage this phone is waranty t&c not accept if you change this display pay charges rs-2800 i calling xolo customer care toll free no speak my problem xolo customer care reply me he say me if you want new display so you pay rs- 2800 i have no choice i/ve not satisfaid..
The phone has excellent touch, good display, with poor camera performance, I heard that there are problems with the model like hanging, charging, camera, mobile network many have returned, many had bad experience with Service Station for repairing and that is the reason the prices going down from Rs. 9990/- in Jan'14 to Rs. 7400/- in May'14 But fortunately I didn't had such problems except for Camera. Kitkat update is not working properly with the phone. Anyone looking for a phone with Quad-core processor with 1GB RAM, this is a good buy.
Hello I bought this phone for my brother who wanted a phone under 10k with bigger screen, decent camera, quadcore processor..I found that the xolo q1000 opus suits our requirement..its already been a month using this handset its good to use even after getting kitkat update it's running very smooth plays all games good in low resolution mode good battery no heating issues as said before...good to buy.
Bought by seeing the specifications. Received defect piece. One sim card slot is not working.Returned the piece. Received amount immediately.
I got this phone at best price. i.e Rs. 6300/- including Citi bank cash back. But Kitkat updated by Xolo is not supportive.
During rcving or doing the calls m not feeling comfortable with dis cell as after 4 mnths there is a problem that I can't listen or answer the calls as I rcv a very very low volume from other side..as I m unable to listen from.other side on dis cell
Beat fone in its price range dont blame the defects for what you are paying..this is not an iphone or a samsung flagship for everything to work perfect at 6500 what would you get guys its quad 4 @1GB ram dont you think is cool.??
Q1000 Opus has a Broadcom quadcore cpu,not the mediatek one which you see in other xolo device. 1 GB ram is great for a device at this price range which ensures good multitasking and lag free user experience. It ships with Android 4.2 Jellybean on board. The processor is not that powerful when comparing to other xolo quadcore devices shipping with mediatek ones. Display - 5 inches. The resolution is not that great, only FWVGA 480 x 854. ( 196 ppi ). The display doesn't look that bad though. Viewing angles are average. The built quality of the device is also average. If you have seen official images of this device on Xolo website,there appears to be a compass photo in it. In reality this doesnt have a magnetometer,so no compass support. Accelerometer,Proximity and Light sensor are included. This device has GLONASS in built,Global navigation satellite systems developed by Russia for better location tracking. The 5MP Camera quality is average. The video can be recorded at 720P,but the quality is below average. The camera app has some bugs and often throws "Camera cannot be connected error". You need to restart in order to use the camera again. 1080p video playback is supported out of the box. USB on the go is also supported with which you can plugin your usb pendrives and play multimedia files. Popular games like Temple Run,Subway surfers etc can be played without any issues. The battery is a 2000mAh one which can power it for 1 day of average use. Apps can be moved/installed on to the sdcard. I would very much suggest you to get other mediatek powered quadcore devices rather getting this,as they have overall better performance than this.
HI, I bought this phone for around 6500 (citi offer); worth the money. 1GB RAM; Quadcore procc; n large 5inch screen makes the day. pros: Good XOLO battery app; XOLO security is unique; Screen is good (not too good); Touch response is decent (not too good). plays games well.good for professionals/business class people. cons: Battery drains out quick, n takes time to charge as well. Touch KEYPAD should have been more interactive n further advanced for easy use.
Top quality phones bi xolo...even 20 to 30 k phones dont get updates.but when i purchased next day it get updated with kitkat. Also they provide their company software updates to fix bugs time to time.
pros: 1. big scren 2. otg cable support 3. upgrade able to kitkat 4.4.2 cons: 1. camera not good 2. graphic is just ok 3. no full hd
All good only price could be better as better price was available after 2 days of purchase.But overall great and best
Very nice but browsing does not meet to the speed like lumia explorer . camera should be of more capacity
I really love this return policy. Excellent service and I got the phone in very cheap price compare to other portal.
its a good phone at a smaller price with most features. looking forward for good service in warranty and after warranty.
Just bought the phone two weeks back. It is good and value for money. Xolo Q1000 Camera clarity is good and it resembles Samsung Grand. Thanks Amazon for super fast delivery and I got a nice football gift. Thanks... :)
Good pc mobile phone Verify the best way to get the latest version Best colour and size in sleep mode
Xolo made a nice mobile in low price range . Amazon service very proud. Recommended. Site as well as phone.
i was ordered white xolo opus q1000 but its colour black xolo q1000 opus so i returning this item .
Of course some of the features are good but facing problems like hanging and the most thing is bad battery backup and no proper response from service centres see any product which is entering newly to the market when people start purchasing those things customer will expect proper service and response then only it will reach a good position so I need a these things to be rectified
I bhough this after selling my Samsung s3 I save my 15000 thausand ...its good budget phone with great features
The configurations of Q1000 are very hood but the devise I received used to hang up so I wanted replacement, but there is lack of communication with Amazon so I returned it.
Don't buy this product Now. Buy Micromax Unite-2. from nearby store U may get it at 6500. Or try other on smartprix with one gb ram and quad core processor. Karbon titanium s1 plus is also good replacement if you are looking for small phone
Hey guys if you're looking for a good phone which will last for atleast 2 year than dont buy xolo product .I have purchased XOLO Q700 from local retailer phone wroked fine for 4 month after that it was giving touch problem and in next month my battery was swallowed in such manner that i thougt it will blast now but fortunately this was not happened i called the customer care and requested them to provide new battery they had told me to contact the service center which near by me so I had contacted them(31 Feb 2014 ) they had told me that you will get your new battery within a week but till now (19 June 2014) almost 4 month gone i didnt get my battery my phone was totally blind without battery from last 4 month i didnt touch my phone for around 4 month still waiting for battery.Now when i was calling the service center they are telling that there will be no chance for new battery to come i was disappointed . so guys if you really want to buy a good phone than dont go with XOLO I have never seen such useless product and company now i have decided that i will never even think to buy any new brand phone like XOLO etc.
Xolo q1000 mobile is the best phone under 10000, its very fast and accessing the internet are good. I think money not waste.
New phone has problem in speaker, very less service centre, needs to improve lot.Can compete Samsung just by improving support centre
amazon services are quite satisfactory,therefore i chose to buy itees here .i always prefer AMAZON products as the are good
Phone is very good But donot buy it from Amzon ... you will never get your product on time .. but delay with 4 -5 days .. with the pathetic service of Amazon ... FlipKart is better than this .. wahiyat service provider ....
Amazon has really provided a good product at less price. Friends u should not bother about purhasing indian brand n that to like xolo. Its really good mobile with excellent features. Xolo 1000 opus is a very nice smartphone. Its worth for 7k price. Keep it up xolo.
Iteam Good but after heavy use heating issue is their and updation to KitKat 4.4.2 some application not properly respond
Screen guard provided by the xolo is very poor quality. hand set quite good........ Touch screen not very sensitive...... need to press hard. over all hand set is very good..... back panel quality needs to improve.......
Thanks to Amazon,For Providing Excellent Service. Xolo 1000 opus is looking good ,very Smart Phone . Screening is Superb.but a major defect over heat when Starting calling and playing music.
good service it can beat flipkart a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
it starts hanging from second day onward feom purchase sorry to this is not upto my expectation and the freebies supplied are of low quality . you can also purchase micromax doodle
XOLO Q1000 Opus has Official Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update. But Camera is just 5 MP. I think it's a cute phone for beginners
Very nice i like this product soo cheap and the best quality. Its replacement policy is soo good so i love amazon.
it is a too bad phone very low signal strength if u r a in a room, the singal strength gone low battery(fast discharging) i purchased this phone, after a week the phone's screen (glass) breaked i dont know what happend tooo bad phone , dont purchase this phone..
This phone having 2.5 GB of internal memory. Some times headphones are not support to receive the call and talk.
Hi, This product performance is very good compare to samsung and also we are getting at low price. its ok but battery back up is not good and also low sound,mobile back near by camera area is get heat. Thanks, Ram.
charging tine 7 to 8 hours. charge rate very slow ringing volume is very low. battery gives problem from first day.
good mobile phone and feature all the think it is good for range 7500 thousent rupees expect karbonn and all
All fine except that the Network goes off intermittently and restores only after rebooting...hence returned the product... Amazon service is very good....
VERY EASY AND CONVINIENT TO USE.MORE OVER IT GOT UPDATION TO ANDROID KITKAT VERSION FROM JELLY BEAN.NOW IT IS WORKING VERY FAST.
when phone connect to the Computer, Some time internal memory is hidden after Restart the phone at that time internal memroy shows and when someone call me or i call someone listening speaker is not good (Distortion Problem) .One thing more is back side camera should not be above to the body. phone backside should be flat. Rest of things in XOLO Q1000OPUS is very Good. Awesome phone Regards Nitin
good product for this price on amazon and its features are not so good but ok for this price. XOLO
It was delivered within 24 hours as promised. Xolo Q1000 Opus is a value for money high end mobile phone. Very handy with great features and remarkably slim. I recommend this for those who desire for sophistication. It is not only less in weight it is light for the wallet as well. Only negative point I see is that it takes nearly 2 hours for getting fully charged.I do not know same is the case with other Android ones.
nice phone but battery is not good in this phone, low battery backup available but this problem in all smart phone from DEVENDRA
Xolo Q1000 is a nice phone. I am happy with its performance. The phone is good value for money. Happy to have made the purchase.
Was terribly disappointed since the phone was defective and did not function properly from the word go....contacted for help but did not get any response...had to return the same with no option left...
Battery life is only one day ,FM application is not working well. Other than this all are fine and excellent.
Don't buy any xolo mobile please any inq my Mo.9825141757 I update my Colo opus online my networks goan and xolocare says for solution of network 15-20 days in there
Very Nice Look, Great Features, Value for Money, 3D Game Experience, Light Weight, Fast Processor, Good Camera Clarity and more
Nice phone it is. It has all new good features. it will become awesome if compass sensor added. overall good.
Good product in this range...Like it from day one...and One more thing..fast delivery by Amazon, come with flip cover and one screen guard
Well, it was my first purchase on AMAZON.IN Earlier Before placing the order, i was a bit scared about the quality of the product, but then i somehow placed the order. The phone is absolutely well. in the market the phone is available for 8.5K and i ordered this phone for 6.9K. This is the best deal till now.
Nice Hardware specs. You will get Kit kat update. Camera is very average quality. Battery backup is moderate. A recommended one in who have low budget to achieve good android phone. Want to add here.... Amazon service is excellent and packaging too is very good.
Good looking phone but battery backup is not in good work. Full battery charged after 5 to 7 hours used
good specs at good price. no other brand has these specs at these affordable price......wow........ front cam is vga ?
Purchased xolo 1000. Was already using s4 from samsung and this phone was for my mummy who did not knew anything about smartphone. Easy to use with full value for money 5 stars for this phone cheers
Phone sound quality is very poor. It is too low.Phone sound quality is very poor. It is too low.Phone sound quality is very poor. It is too low.Phone sound quality is very poor. It is too low.Phone sound quality is very poor. It is too low.
As compared to all other brands in this range We found Xolo Q1000 as the best fit in terms of features that this phone provides. Put it all to gather this is a very attractive and it fits in our budget. Also the promotional 10 % additional cashback with citibank makes it very much affordable for everybody. Cool in looks as well as performance so far.
I have purchased the above phone on 22.04.2014 and shipped on 23.04.14. The service of Amazon was excellent. But the product is far inferior from my expectation. Just after the expiry of return period (as per the return policy of Amazon) the phone shows some problem and now I am behind the service centre. Hence my rating to this phone is bad and poor.
very satisfied handedover on time excellent can be trusted and the product was very genuine therefore 5 star given good
compare this phone with other like crap sung mmicromaxxx take 10 000 while xolo take 7.5 k this is good phone and price is lowest on amazon
At this price u cant go wrong. Good looks good speed. Comes with cover n screen guard. Camera is ok.
B'Coz,,,,,,,of this reason... xolo q1000 Opus reveiw.. 1.front camera not working after upgrade kitkat version.... 2.Low quality Speaker,bad voice quality.....
Achieved as expected.found v.good.my first online shopping found very good experience.also very convenient .I will try next time shopping thru GameZone definately
gr8 performance ... good display ... camera ok ... it got kitkat update from xolo.....only one con. sound is not good,
Like anyone with half a brain can deduce for themselves, the specs are quite outstanding for the price bracket this phone falls within. But the cheapness of the build quality cannot be overruled at all. In fact, the cheap feel starts right at the led touch buttons at the bottom of the screen. They don't even light up consistently. It's as if Xolo put in one LED light in the center of the bottom panel, and let it illuminate all three buttons. It's truly pathetic. The plastic use overall is also quite cheap. If given a chance, I wouldn't really buy this phone again. But I believe for the uninitiated, this phone will be a godsend.
Clinching performance, recommend it to all for its full packed performance @ this price aginst high branded models in market
The best mobile in this price Don't think about it just go for it Good job Colo India MKe or service centre fast
One of the best phone as compared to this price range. Slim body with fine silvery side finishing show to be attractive. All features are latest, like OTG, wifi hotspot, etc. Just want to say.. "go for it "
hi this is logesh from chennai i bought xolo q 1000 opus mobile from amazon april month,then i updated kitkat os there after i was facing lot of bugs example of wi fi not working network frequently dropped out and much more after xolo release the bug fix update wi fi only fixed others for the same,i given to chennai xolo service centre (deprosis technologies xolo autherised service centre in chennai),they got my mobile to repair they said your mobile repair in within 25 days i waited 1month 3days still i am not yet received ,at that during the time i called to xolo care and chennai deprosys no reponse they again and again told estimation approval pending for the cost of 3,700 i dont know why should i pay for that i have a warrenty period ,they told your mobile need to change the motherboard i dont know i have problem in software issue for so i need to degrade kitkat to jellybean os but told motherboard change so they(xolo) cheated trying to get the money from my side .so kindly help me and do the needful at the earliest without mobile how can i work in my office otherwise pls give my mobile without any changes i will try my self degrade the os...i hope you try to resolve this...
Xolo Q1000 Opus (White) Good and Best Deal provided online, good product, nicely packed & delivered on time. The only problem faced is the coverage or signal strength is sometimes very bad, and has to restart the mobile and then its all good.
This is my second xolo product.... and i am sure i will buy many more immeidately looking for a low priced tablet phone..... which i can afford... to gift.....
Awesome phone it is..........I suggest to all of my groups and also family members.........and also thanks to the amazon which give minimum rate for products....
phone is good and its features are also good but its little heavy.overall happy with product and amazon service is best.
value for money and 100% nice phone for this price but i have a xolo Q700 is better than this graphics are more than opus thanx
Pros: Fast processor Adequate RAM Internet speed Affordable price Cons: Poor battery Build quality Slightly heavy Display resolution Touch sensitivity
only one issue is that it is heating up sometime....and for look and speed it is good mobile...xolo is improving their quality of product ...
Xolo Q1000 Opus (White) is one of the best phone to buy under 10k budget. Pros: Android 4.2 Quad core processor Gps accuracy Cons: Low speaker even hard to hear ring tone
I HAVE BROUGHT THIS PHONE FROM AMAZON.IN FROM ELEPHANT DEALS. IT IS WORKING GOOD AT THIS TIME SO I WANT TO SAY THANKS TO AMAZON.IN BECAUSE THEY ARE ABLE TO BELIEVE WITHOUT SEE.
Charging jack problem withvtgis model it is attached by pin to the motherboard which makes the charging jack dislocate and you have to rush to Xolo service centre in a while!
Amazon, it's rly Gud service...thanks to you people... N Abt phone, I Gt my phone with in edd,. . No problem with phone,. Its working Gud..... Worth fr spent money.
very nice and budget phone. screen resolution is very good. GPU is strong so heavy memory games like asphalt 8 is running smoothly. no hanging problem. go for it.
I am using this mob since 9 months and i havnt faced a single issue till date and even am using kitkat android. It worth money prefer to all.
Xolo Q1000 Opus is Good product with quad core processor and 1 gb ram and many more feture, but i received faulty set . seller and amazon service is good and helpfull return the mobile set and give me refund quikly.
I bought a phone for rs.6999..well it is worked..and do not update to KitKat version because it has many problems and do not work GPS
Had an issue with pattern lock...cz I didn't hadd Proper know how to do so.. Amazing phone though...awesome phone go for it.
I took this product for Rs 6970 + 10% cash back from citi bank which makes it around Rs 6300. You cannot find any phones with 1gb ram 1.2ghz jelly bean 5 inch screen also included screen guard and mobile pouch. About the product: 1. We were so amazed that indian manufacturers can compete with the likes of samsung, sony and delivery this beauty. 2. The touch screen was very smooth 3. It has preloaded xolo apps, one of the best feature that i found is, when the sim is changed, an SMS will be sent automatically to two numbers, which will make it easy to track the phone. 4. Camera is little bit on the lesser side, but i just paid less than 7k so it's fine. 5. Also i read from some blogs that there is also kit kat update coming up for this mobile. 6. I played temple run in this mobile, no major lags found. 7. Good browsing speed, used both 3g and wifi works as good as my samsung galaxy S2.
all is OK but not as expected... SPeaker volume is too low ... and keeps on hanging ... over alll ok ok
since with in 6 months of buying date i was having battery backup problem and my display was automatically broken two times
Its hanging frequently. Back touch key not working properly Lot of cons about q1000 opus .battery also not good .xolo
Its good to have a phone like xolo q1000opus. Amazon services and transportation system are really good. Thanks.
It's a very nice phone for the price. Processor speed is very good. Internet is fast even in 2G. For 7000K its worth.
the order product config is not matching with system ... please clarify the same so that the customer will satisfy.
heavy weight, power cord is too short, good battery life, fine build quality and the best phone in this range.
. a good combination of features with its price . its speed is super. video quality is good but sound is weak.
Very good phone for that price....i find no lag even if play heavy graphic games. u wont regret buying it
its amazing and i love the phone. nice looking and good performance good camera nice back up good phone i
Thats such little problem in device system ..... but it solved ...... so all over nice experience ......
It's a very good mobile for 7K. I am using it for last 1 month and So far I did not face any issue
for communication excellent device....remaining thing i am not position to use due to no time...
With the slim design, the Opus Q1000 is a smartphone that combines great hardware with advanced software. The following specs have made me fall in love with the phone and makes me a proud owner of the same: Android v4.2 OS upgradable to 4.4 KitKat. The slim body of this XOLO device packs a powerful performer in the 1.2 GHz Quad Core processor that is assisted by 1 GB RAM. Multitasking is made quicker as well, allowing you to do more with less and unprecedented crashes and lags. What’s more, with 312 MHz graphics, games that you play are fast, furious, crisp and very responsive. The Opus Q1000 sports a 5 inch screen that is large enough to provide for immersive entertainment. The FWVGA resolution screen comes with a color depth of 16M allowing for bright and crisp visuals and the IPS technology used ensures that there is no distortion, regardless of what angle you are viewing it from. Q1000 Opus is armed with a 5 megapixel primary camera supported by LED flash to capture frames on the go. The device is also capable of HD video recording and sports a BSI sensor to ensure that even pictures in low-light conditions are bright and clear. The phone also has a 0.3 megapixel front camera to lend a face to your video chats. PLEASE NOTE that these 5 MP and 0.3 MP cameras are far better than the Nokia and Sony * MP and 2 Mp Cameras. With both Wi-Fi and 3G support, you can browse the net with good speed and stream videos as well. Transferring data is a cinch with the microUSB that you can use to connect to your PC. The XOLO Opus Q1000 is armed with a variety of sensors to make it more intuitive to your needs – the accelerometer adjusts the screen orientation according to which way the phone is tilted, the proximity sensor detects when you are close by and dims the screen to avoid accidental touches and the ambient light sensor dulls and brightens the screen according to the surroundings to give you an optimized viewing experience. A must buy product.
I received product with excellent packing by Amazon in time. I would have given 5 star but, One star less due to following reasons: 1. The product came with Android jelly bin and soon software update to KITKAT notification came on turning on net. I updated jelly bin to KITKAT by downloading the update pack manually on my pc from xolo website 293 MB size. With my great surprize and shock, All volumes of phone disappeared after that update. I contacted Xolo care ppl who said me to contact the nearest service station of Xolo which was 40 km from my home. So I downloaded another two updates files of KITKAT of 18.01 MB and 16.02 MB from website. After installation of it, problem was solved fortunately. 2. Problem with google map location/GPS 3. Problem with speaker (Not as good as samsung) But overall happy. Received a gift football within box.
as of now, i don't find any issues. display and other features and awesome. even battery back up is also fine.
There is a lag in connection, i mean there will be 2 to 4 sec blank while connecting calls.. Otherwise good performance.
I can give overall 3 stars out of 5 = 1.2 Quad core/ 1 GB RAM is good at this price ( **No lagging during any game play) = IPS LCD is good but 196 PPI is very low on 5" display screen = Camera performance is average = Overall performance is good
Only camera problem is their flash is not powerful and I think ins not actual 5 Megapixel other than this everything is OK I love my cell this device fulfill my expectations
Third class quality after perchesing this cell phone in just 10-12days display will creaked n hands free jack also nt working.....
I got hanging and touch problem in just 3 days I went to service center its horribal man I wont buy anything from here
it's so amazing at that prize. it's workinng like a SAMSUNG GALAXY GRAND.It is so thin.
nice packaging, all elements were there in the box. Good deal and great quality
charger is not working properly and data cable is not connecting with computer
got cheap and is value for money phone. IPS screen and clearity is good.
waste mobile, display screen damage and services center not responsible
Is vaare nice phone.. Nice touch Bt bat cover is not avilabul
The Mobile is good, Handy and quick response. Only de-merit with this mobile was that the Kit-Kat Upgrade, Because of that I could-n't use it for about 20 days, until going to a service center and loading the Jelly Bean version of Android. Otherwise, The Volumes as -it -s is less, but can be increased in engineering mode (expert users only) Great looks and stylish mobile. Box comes with Wonderful Headphones, OTG cable, USB Cable, Power adaptor, Glossy Screen Guard and Flip cover. The user need not buy any new accessories to start using it.
Initially, in the beginning of the call it used to sound slow(audible) and suddenly it used to pick up the correct volume. I thought it would be a new technology. (KITKAT 4.4.2, Quad. core 1.3 Ghzts processor) Yesterday, In my office was talking with a colleague,. Suddenly I was unable to hear. I thought it might be the problem with the phone at the opposite end or some network problem (as my phone is just 19 days old). But it was the problem with my own speaker. How much more to come??? How fugitive!!!
Good phone at this price.. But hitting problem is there
perfect phone in budget , bast battery life, perfect speed,
Good but not best..... Touch becomes poor after a month...
Very good nd orignal product nd less than mkt price
Merit & Demerit is There... But Overall It's G00D!!!
more weight..... 4000mah capacity......?!?!
Its working good and thanks for timely delivery.
This mobile Battary Backup time very long..
Fantastic phone...I am very happy with this
Awesome phone in this price range ...
Excellent mobile its features are good .
phone is good. picture quqlity also good
NICE LOW END PHONE. SUPERFAST SHIPPING
the worst after sale service by xolo
Xolo Q1000 Opus A Good Mobile Phone
Except front camera it is awesome..
Good Phone with excellent features
Best rate fast delivery or kya....
Phone will be hang n moving slow.
Good performance. I am satisfied.
Thanks again i think amazon will be the number one India's largest online shopping company very soon. Fr Dr. Girendra Kumar Gautam
It's been a month my wife is using this, and she is quite satisfied. I think it is a really good deal at the price. If this one continues to do well for a couple of years, we will consider stop buying the super expensive mobiles. The screen is especially very good. The performance is also decent for an average user.
the mobile is superb 1gb ram is good but camera is not good and its hanging, front camera is very poor.
Very nice handset, run smoothly not any problem like other say. Public want gold at silver price. Good and great mobile then silver. Very very good mobile at this price at present market Good job by Xolo well done thumsup to you And also thanks to Amazon for good offer to customer with COD. GOOD WORK BY AMAZON
Good phone but camera not good
Low cost market compare prices
It is good in the margin price
good product and fast shipping
Good product this price range
Nice phone it is vfm fully...
great phone with smooth touch
Good mobile - value for money
Very good phone,smoot operation, good features of high end price phone...drawback.........hmmmmmmmmmmm.....Screen guard is not upto the mark..........Overall very good phone...........
NICE ONE BEST RATE IN MOBILE
Nice mobile best performance
I Didnt expect this performance with this device. its superb!!!!. it has 1gb ram in which it can rup upto 7-8 apps at a time with no lag. Graphics is also great. tried with subway surfers,blur overdrive and the amazing spiderman etc. the display is also fantastic. it has a sharp appearance.The only thing is the ambient light sensor which is little irritating. when the brightness is set to auto it automatically starts adjusting so the screen appers like flickering. its a minor issue that's all.So if you want to go with a phone that's equal to other high range phones like galaxy grand etc. Go for this beauty and do not consider the fake reviews out here online. So finally i got a beauty for just 7000!
lovely phone, great ram.
this is good product in cheapest price.... i love this product... its good i have given 5 stars to this product...!!
Value for Money. Latest Product at so low price. I really like the product . Thank you very much .
Good phone low budget
Nice mobile in badget
This is a good phone
Hang problem in call
Excellent Product..
Ok, Value for Money
Good And Reasonable
not proper working
Very good product
very good product
its a nice .....
amazing offers
mast phone hai
Excellent. ...
Good product.
Waste mobile
Good product
not good one
good product
xolo is best
Good Mobile
nice mobile
extremely happy to buy this phone. 1 gb ram never lets me down.Initially there were certain issues with network connectivity and camera. But Xolo quickly provided me with an update which solved most of my complaints with the phone. My only grudge with this phone is about its location service. GPS is not at all working.
I will begin with acknowledging the fact that I was skeptical in ordering from Amazon as it was my first time with this shopping giant. But the experience was just too great........They offer one day delivery at a price of Rs 99/-. I thought it was a gimmick because my past experience with other e-commerce sites like flipkart, snapdeal, indiatimes, HS18, etc says that it is just NOT possible.....To my surprise, the item was ordered on Sunday night and delivered on Monday afternoon.....Can anyone beat it???? I don't mind paying this paltry sum if one day delivery is assured.... Secondly, the product.....It is too premature to render any verdict now as I have used the product only for two days....I will surely come back with a review soon......But yes I must say that the packaging was adequate and the product is not damaged or defective in any manner..... Thanks Amazon....it was a gr8 experience..
GOOD PHONE
i love it
Very nice
Zolo mobile good phone battry backupvery good kjgrhckenger erjgchnkrg dhgrukvnhcyikrg tfgcgekghkr trvckykrht vcrtuyivr ]rvyu8h ewrtfnh45t tcvurtkny rtjvrtkty kjyv kvmiy vytrkuv
dont buy
Its good
Best option in cheaper rate, but i think 700s is better Speaker is very low & poor quality, weight is more
I got a a faulty piece with display going blank every time you keep it for charging. Then never turned on until you remove battery. Thanks amazon for timely refunding money. Got in time sent back in time, got the refund in time. Nice of Amazon, bad experience from XOLO. Thanks,
So good as expected, amazon offered best price compared to XOLO stores in hyderabad, i got it @ 7330, best mobile for who want smart mobile in 7000 range.
network problem since the first day of use, really fed up ,regret buying it. limited service centres available. didnt live up to my expectations
Very Good Phone in this price. Excellent Xolo PHONE. I RECOMMENDED THIS MOBILE BEFORE PURCHASE ANY MOBILE OF ANY COMPANY.
maine xolo Q1000 opus kharida hai .service badiya hai or mobile bhi . 1GB ram, 4GB inbuilt 5 MP ,5"screen 2000 mAh is just RS.7497/-only
good hardware,android 4.2.2,long batt life, but bad camera quality. low price but over all good smart phone for rs 8000
That's a nice phone like latest all kind of features i am very happy greatest look , very nice touch experience and connectivity .
i liked the phone very much it have grt finishing looks.... very handy.... very smooth attractive in terms or performance its upto my satisfaction from the first day till today. it didn't even a single time display is also very crips and vaibarant. over all a nice phone at this price....
I was searching for a android phone with good battery back up..finally i got...im 100% satisfied, i heard about this product from smartprix web site..i will give full mark to the product, even though camera quality is not up to mark (I was using sony Xperia V, 13MP), i love this mobile..Amazone delivered it nicely. well packed..thanks..
very nice ph with features nice cam result nice network support xolo company give xolo support num for talk num for msg n also email id to ur complain very good product from xolo moblie
I have bought this mobile on 20Jan14, and on 08Feb it touch panel gone wrong. XOLO care told that device has to be sent to company facility and will take 3-4 weeks to repair. i have bought this by comparing with Q1000 but it is far away from Q1000. don't buy and never from amazon.
Charging pin is not accurate, when I connect charger and placed on a table it won't get charge I have to load something under the charger pin, then only it is getting charge
its ok
Xolo providing bad quality handset, I received handset and after one week I have submitted that phone into service center and till yet it is there only.
nice,handset ,picture quality fast navigation and design sound a bit low video shooting very good net browsing nice experience overall nice
worst
I m using xolo 1000 opus for last 5 month and i m vry hapy by using this.thx xolo for this wonderful product.
Lava XOLO model Q1000 Opus is very worst. Quality of touch screen is very poor. Faulty from day one .
Good
Nice
Best
Good
Good
good
good
Good
Good
good
ringtone volume is very poor alarm was also very poor Phone ROM is only 2 GB instead display on site & box is 4 GB do not buy it is looks like a china product
your service is very well. mobile is also well.
ok
nice product
Avoid at all cost. Behaves erratically, stalls, hangs, screen zooms in and out while using keyboard. Unfriendly user interface. Now I have to waste time and energy trying to get in touch with these people locate service centres etc for a brand new phone. My suggestion stick to the Samsung etc. These budget brands are useless as they don't have a sense of responsibility towards customers, or any commitment to quality control. Every third fourth review is same story. Unacceptable and inexcusable for brand new phones.
very nice set worth byuing very nice set worth byuing very nice set worth byuing very nice set worth byuing very nice set worth byuing want to see more nice deal
I bought xolo Q 1000 opus 2 days ago from amazon. packing was not that much good and the main thing is the mobile was not working well its capavcitive button are not working and the light was not glowing i went to service center and oh my god the behavior of executive was too harsh he keep saying jus retun the product to amazon.what should i do now do i return the mobile but they much time to replace the product its quite better to throw it out and buy a new one from else shop...
