B00H7T9OJK
Karbonn Titanium S5 Plus is an upgrade to the original Titanium S5 and is powered by a mediatek 6582 processor which performs better than the old Mtk6589 processor. The CPU is clocked at max 1.3Ghz. The GPU inside this is a Mali-400 MP which outperforms PowerVR graphics coming with most Mtk6589 devices. Quadrant 5700+ Antutu 17000+ Nenamark - 61 fps From the benchmark scores its very clear that it is more powerful than the processors seen in even those high end devices like Xolo Q3000,Micromax Turbo etc. Those devices score 2000 less than this in Antutu benchmark. Features,Pros and Cons 1) On screen buttons - Home,Multitasking and Back buttons are on screen like you see on Google Nexus devices. This is how google want manufactures make android devices. 2) Display - 5 inch qHD (220 PPI) IPS display with great viewing angles.Even though the resolution is not 720P,display looks good to look at 3) Built Quality - Better than original Titanium S5's and doesnt looks cheap. The back cover is glossy white. 4) Good in-ear headphones are included in the box. 5) Apps can be installed/moved to the sdcard.So you can install big apps and games from the playstore. 6) S5 plus ships with Android 4.2.2 on board. It has custom UI in many areas like notification center,home screen,dailer etc. Icons are samsung-like. I dont think many would like these customization. 7) Battery backup - 1800mAH battery can only last 1 day of average use. 8) Sensors - accelerometer,proximity and light sensors. Compass and Gyroscope sensors are missing. 9) Gaming Performance - The Mali GPU on board gives a great gaming experience for the price.Games like dead trigger 2 ran without much issues. 10) 8 MP Camera Quality is good outdoors,but not great. Front cam is good enough for video chatting. Overall a great budget device with a newer and better processor than those seen in many high end phones coming around 18K.
Karbonn Titanium S5 Plus is an upgrade to the original Titanium S5 and is powered by a mediatek 6582 processor which performs better than the old Mtk6589 processor. The CPU is clocked at max 1.3Ghz. The GPU inside this is a Mali-400 MP which outperforms PowerVR graphics coming with most Mtk6589 devices. Quadrant 5700+ Antutu 17000+ Nenamark - 61 fps From the benchmark scores its very clear that it is more powerful than even those high end devices like Xolo Q3000,Micromax Turbo etc. Those devices score 2000 less than this in Antutu benchmark. Features,Pros and Cons 1) On screen buttons - Home,Multitasking and Back buttons are on screen like you see on Google Nexus devices. This is how google want manufactures make android devices. 2) Display - 5 inch qHD (220 PPI) IPS display with great viewing angles.Even though the resolution is not 720P,display looks good to look at 3) Built Quality - Better than original Titanium S5's and doesnt looks cheap. The back cover is glossy white. 4) Good in-ear headphones are included in the box. 5) Apps can be installed/moved to the sdcard.So you can install big apps and games from the playstore. 6) S5 plus ships with Android 4.2.2 on board. It has custom UI in many areas like notification center,home screen,dailer etc. Icons are samsung-like. I dont think many would like these customization. 7) Battery backup - 1800mAH battery can only last 1 day of average use. 8) Sensors - accelerometer,proximity and light sensors. Compass and Gyroscope sensors are missing. 9) Gaming Performance - The Mali GPU on board gives a great gaming experience for the price.Games like dead trigger 2 ran without much issues. 10) 8 MP Camera Quality is good outdoors,but not great. Front cam is good enough for video chatting. Overall a great budget device with a newer and better processor than those seen in many high end phones coming around 18K.
This phone is working very good. I was planning to buy either s5 plus or canvas 2.2 but finally looking after the style of s5 plus I purchased it and specification of both the phone are almost similar. Pros. 1. Customize screen for android. 2. Very slim stylish,good looking, light weight. 3. Battery doesn't heat up and battery works for a day for a normal use like whatups, checking mails. 4. Do not hang up runs smoothly. 5. Touch response is very good. 6. Head phone provided with phone is not average sound is ok but the wire quality of head phone is not good need to be handle carefully. 7. Pre installed apps can be disable no option to uninstall. 8. Camera quality is good I compared the s5 plus 8 megapixel with one of my friend Samsung S3 8 megapixel hardly any difference quality is very good. Cons: 1. I don't know for other but for me the back cover is fitted properly from all side but one side the tickling sound comes if I press back cover, little loose packing from one side from where back cover open may be because the back cover can be open easily. Thanks....
Product recd on time & as advertised by the seller With decent packaging. For Value for Money perspective its a decent product. Was apprehensive before purchasing as Its Predecessor Karbonn Titanium S5 use to hang & was negative only for that part before Purchase. But till date No such issues cropped Up. All the features are working great. the product would have been more better if Front VGA camera would have been replaced with better option & Battery life for average users will end up more or less say 9 am to 6 pm then once again u need to reach out for a short charge of say 30 mins. My Phone is in Save power mode for the whole day 7 between 10.30 pm to 7 am its in long standby mode. Normal mode drains battery faster. Overall the Product & purchase exp was satisfactory.
Got the Karbonn Titanium S5plus after going through its product information and also because of not having more money.The phone turned out to be quite good and useful.I didn't complain about the small damage to the screen at upper right corner and the difficulty in getting connected to the net as one cannot get everything from a budget phone.My experience with KT S 5Plus has been nice.
too good screen and display....good value for money, since it supports almost all latest apps n features also. however, the speaker is not so good.
nice sleek phone. bought it for my dad who s not at all tech savy person but he simply loved it.i concluded upon this phone after doing a lot research on this price segment phone.the features which get in this phone are not present elsewhere at this price. camera mp3 screen size all are nice.
Value for money. Working fine. But it may be fine if there was price drop before I buy it. But this is good one.
Got a faulty piece got motherboard problem and thus what can i do now ? . . . . .
Mobile is excellent when i purchased but after two months its screen becoming blank whenever i receives call
few days back i was planing to buy a smartphone since my previous one i.e Micromax canvas 3D didn't meet my expectations. then i started searching for a phone in 10k range. suddenly my eyes fall on this phone. then going through specifications i decided to buy this phone. the problem was that karbonn is not much known company nd is not very much prefered by users due to the brand name. ignoring all this things i finally decided that i should buy this phone. i am happy using this. the only negative point about this phone is battery backup which totaly depends on the user. the more u use the more is the conservation of battery.
excellent piece.. this is the new experience..this mobale is the totaly copy of samsung grand which is the better thing
I bought the karbon titanium S5 plus recently from amazon for around Rs 6400. Now wat do i say about a smartphone for such a reasonable price?! Its looks great,sleek n stylish,is very light weight, has a big screen,good battery life,decent camera...the only problem i faced is that since i started using it, it did hang up twice,but then that happens with expensive brands like samsung also,so i dont think i need to crib about it. Overall i am very satisfied and happy with karbon and amazon for the product and the service
It is an amazing phone at this price. So sleek and light weight with amazing camera and absolutely nice internet browsing speed and its regular speed. I just loved it.
I am enjoying it... It's a very nice smart phone... True value for money... Fabulous... Fantastic... Stunning... Affordable... Buy it
Really nice phone compare sumsung s5 vs karbonn s5 plus sum sung 87 % karbonn 79% best only 2 .3 disadvantage battery 1900 and high end game not iinstalled camera not very good but photo HD amazing video record HD supper mobile lite wight silm wild angle display and ips HD screen over all cheap and amazing phone amzone delivery to 6 days bill and kitt thanks to Amazon and karrbonn
i like this phone so much in its range no other phone having such kind of feature Its Camera Flesh is not clear
Rate difference between amazon & our retailer so i choose this product from your site amazon.in VERY GOOD LIKE IT
Hi, I would recommend to buy this phone and it is very good than Moto E specification and phone is working upto the specification provided. The only problem for me is that the back cover is little bit loose on one side from where it is getting open. Not an big issue it is almost negligible. Yes I would recommend to buy this phone.
its a very nice model of karbonn with pretty good specs....which i got only for 5985.... only the camera quality is not so fine.....still best phone under 6000. It is very sleek n thin and light in weight. it has got no such heating problems...i must say....i luv this phone...i have this phone since 3 weeks...n have'nt encountered any issue till now....!!
friends always purchase mobile from shop rather then online because I problem I am facing which is painfull...... 1) Online phone and mobile from shop both are different as per quality and price 2) once its out of order then u r in problem most important thing amazon return policy is very very good. regards, sujay
Great as ever with Amazon. This was my 3rd buy from amazon and as usual every thing went perfect . Thanks
This is the perfect mobile for who are looking for a smart phone capable of executing all types of applications without any latencies under 10K. It is bundled with quad core processor and 1 GB RAM. The display of product is awesome; it is very sharp and clean. I personally recommend buying this product. Battery fully charged lasts in a day on my regular usage which includes 3G too. It may not be that great compared to other mobile device which costs above 15K. But not worthy to pay more than 5-6K just for additional battery backup... :-)
I have purchased this phone for my Uncle and he is very happy with it. I used this phone before handing it over and its really a beautiful phone. Has a beautiful finish and its slick and does look stylish. Performance wise its a good phone and has descent battery life. No issues seen till date and is working nicely.
great experience.... lightet, faster and smarter... hats off to Karbonn. this was my 4th titanium s5 plus order to my friends..
COMFORTS: Good black look,Good rare camera 8MP autofocus and 720P HD recording,light weight to handle,best resolution and display. defects: Low battery of 1800mah, Over heating, on screen timeline keys some times disappers to get back from the using apps. ULTIMATELY...BUDGET ANDEROID AND VALUE FOR MONEY.
Bought this slim trim good looking cell for my mother, she wanted to learn gen x apps whasapp fb twitter. She is happy with it. Few daily use features are not so user friendly for a new user, like address book or contacts. very good cell in such an awesome budget. delivery was super quick
This is a very good mobile phone. exceeded my expectation. In my team itself we have 3 people having this same model. if you are an advanced user, ROM is available for download from xda developers and easy to flash. I messed everything by rooting couple of times and reflashed.
As far as look(design), Rear camera, wi-fi connectivity, price is concerned this one would be better than other smartphones. But........................., what if MOBILE GETS HANG EVERY NOW AND THEN Like when you open browser, play songs, log into wi-fi etc.This is what I experienced with this phone.
I was very happy with the phone features and prompt delivery. It works fine for couple of days but from last one week the phone switch off once we connect any call. Again we need to take the battery out and restart the phone to work it. It happens with every single call I make & receive.
Camara of my phone is not giving good result. Not taking a photo as showing on the screen. If you ready to take a photo, camara is showing a good picture but after capture photo have blur in very high level. I am not satisfied with camara quality of this phone.
I am very happy with the Karbonn Titanium S5 Plus purchased. Its the best smart phone I have ever used in my life. It has got mostly all the features I am presently looking for in a smart phone. With new things being explored every now & then in the mobile by me.
A superb phone by Karbonn..the only thing that i was not satisfied about it was the quality of camera..front camera is not so good..though the rear camera is providing 8MP, it doesn't give a good snap..otherwise, it is an all-rounder from the Karbonn team.. :)
The mobile is awesome at the range of 6000 INR. The display of the mobile is good.Camera quality is not that much as it has 8 MP camera but its ok for the normal use.Battery back up is good.Music quality is good.So overall it's a value for money product.
amazons delivery is very fast and the phone is awesome .. its been 2 months im been using it.. and im pleased with its performance its not that super duper fast but works jus fine.. i would recommend karbonn s5 is you looking for a budget smart phone
Phone is really nice with the look and feel. Bad part is the response on the capacitive menu buttons which has a delayed response. Also the camera, though is an 8mp does not click worthy pictures. Apart from that its a super buy. Got it for 5999.00
Good product. Comes with dual sim, 8Mp auto focus camera and a decent front camera. I have purchsed this on amazon with 55%offer. The phone is working much better than expected. No flaws... No hanging up. Sleeky look.... Overall a good budget phone
Karbonn is now become a tested brand for me. It is the second time I have bought this brand's Mobile. Titanium S5 Plus is a very good looking mobile and Slim as well. I think it is only full featured mobile in this range. I will just say go for it.
Please dont buy this phone. The phone has problem . After calling the display goes off and new come back. until you have to remove the battary and reset it. The service center is very poor. Dont buy this phone try to buy other company phone
Karbonn service centre is a trauma centre. They sell cheap phones because their phones are really bad. And their service centres aggravates the problem. Just forget they will solve ur problem. I have a personal experience. I heard this problem from many of users of karbonn too.
Its ok..gets hanged nd have 2 restart d phone on regular intervals
Problem of Frequent restart with Karbonn s5. Amazon was kind enough to replace when i first reported this problem but the problem remained with the replaced set also. Now i am returning it and will go for some other brand.
Karbonn Titanium s5 Plus Is beautiful phone it has a hd screen, 8 mp camera overall very good phone with low budget. plz. must buy......& i m happy with Amazon they gave me delivery in just 2 days.... Thank u so Much Amazon.....
I have a great deal with this new version of the karbonn phone
Bought it very cheap. Used for 1 month. I have nothing against this phone till now. Its awesome. If you compare all other phones with same range you cannot beat this anyday. Cons: Battery works for 24 hrs(quite good).
phone is good but as per your selling advertisement karbann titanium s5plus Mrp is 12990 but when my phonr deleverd its Mrp is 9990 rupee only so that i m in dilemma to place another order. what i can do please reply me
this mobile is gud. have great luks, slim design, luks gud in hand & also light weighted. the only issue with this mobile is his battery. The battrry do not long last. it goes out within few hours after fully charge.
This mobile has 1GB ram, 8mp camera & 3G sim port. I am experience speed. I am able to install more app.I am enjoying to watch HD video with very clear video display. Really , This mobile is best at this price.
Good phone with gr8 built,Looks very attractive .Everything is fine ,except battery backup and poor camera. In close up and light camera is good but in low light looks blurry.Overall its a budget phone.Good.
Delivery was quick thanx to Amazon...... Looks of the phone is good........thats it....... The others like battery, camera sucks....... And whatsapp text does not come in notification bar....... Its annoying
Its Good, fast, really worth of cost. Slightly heating up for 15 min of continus calling. No issues with net browsing, wats up etc. not advisable to play games. Overall.. its worth for the amout we pay.
every thing comparing with micromax and samsung is fantastic super speed good look fantastic storage light wait need to check battery front cover is not available
battery time is less..........do not show punjabi font............camera not of good quality they are 8 MP but having quality of like 3 MP.......
This product is very good in the budget but the problem is heating the set in the playing game .
Amazon is a cheap rate product service i am check Karbonn Titanium S5 plus phone other website, but cheap rate is amazon.Other site rate is 7980/- to 8999/- but amazon rate is this product 7749/- only. Thanks for amazon
Amazing Mobile Phone at amazing price .......amazon is my fav shopping site ......best in terms of quality of products and price also .....
i am using this phone but there is not good camera celerity and not a good sound i want to change it in karbonn titanium s7 plus.
it really works very good . i recomend this phone over samsung galaxy as all features r same.i really like it
fast service and a good bargain . Choice of a lot of models and make along with price benefit. a good choice
have all the features of a high end mobile phone, that too at an affordable price. those who go for other models of most popular and international companies are just to fulfill their ego that i own a ................ company item.
Nice phone to have at a reasonable price.It has got almost everything which one requires.Good product from Karbonn.Really Worth Buying!!!
Earlier i ordered from flipkart but cancelled after their delay and poor follow up. Then came to amazon and they delivered it within a day as per the one day guarantee. The phone is excellent vfm. quad core, good camera, smooth touch and nice display. Secondary camera could hav been 2mp but its ok. Overall a good product. Buy without qualms.
i m really happy i got d best deal n dis phone is dam superb thanks a lot amazon thanks
Its ok for this price not that satisfied with the product, Samsung galaxy s duos might be a better choice
a good phone in good budget clear camera smooth touch high speed unternet no.1 quality and amazon facility of deliverey
I felt somewhere touch is not so soft , sometimes hangs .................still max features are excellent. one can opt for the same.
Good quality phone with best touch and display. even the price is in the budget. performance is also good. love it.
A great device for this price range .using the phone 4 last one week and its working like a charm.phone has a high range look with the great finish.hats off to karbonn.great device..
Nice phone g8 processor, nice touch, awesome built and finishing, good camera, good price with ur budget with g8 futures....
It is a very nice phone. Must buy. Totally worth the money. Camera is not that brilliant. But it's fine
This product meet all my expectations. i would recommend this product who is looking for a phone for daily use, this is the best one, as per my view.
This phone is value for money. Its fast its smooth. It never hangs due to it quad core processor. Good graphics , u can play any game on it very smoothly. Giving it four stars, would have given five stars if it had a bigger battery nd lil gud camera. Overall the phone is awesome
I ordered the product for first time from Amazon. I got genuine product on time at the lowest price with good packing. Thank you.
I am happy with this and its work for that money. I am happy with this and its work for that money
Best phone at this price, I got it at 9K at Amazon and you cannot get better features at this price.
It is a horrible experience of having this device bought from this vendor. The battery always keeps dying and phone goes to a hung state and the only way to power it off is by removing the battery.
Highly not recommended. I purchased this product from Amazon week back. After first time battery gets drained off, its not getting switched on. So i replaced the product & ordered the same from Amazon again. The second handset also came with same defect. When i called Customer care, he said amazon will escalate it and see if its a manufacturing defect and will not sale this product on the website. I still could see this product available on website. It seems with companies like Karbon, Amazon also does not care customers. Hope this will help other customers.
Good phone for the price we bought for .... Everything is working fine. The only issue we noticed is the camera which seems to be of a lower quality but I think it could be some settings issue.
Karbonn Titanium S5 is a good mobile in the same range when compared with other mobls..But the weight of the mob is high just like Micromax mob.The camera quality is less than Micromax.
Horrible phone.please do not buy karbonn mobileS5. from the time of purchase Oct 04 it's been in the service centre for change of mother board. Whn they returned it nothing was changed.
the price in Sangeeta was 11,000; Mobile Store was 10,500 and Univercell was 11,000. While in amazon was 8,700. Hence picked from here. Decent phone for this price. Meets expectations.
Amazing phone at this price. The display is excellent and is visible even in the brightest day. The cam is not so great. Its slim and feels nice to hold. Have used it for a month now.
Its my first cellphone and I am very happy for buy it. Its looking is awesome & it is light weighted too.it's according to the expectations.its working great from buying date to now.
Its an ok-ok phone. It promises an 8mp camera but trust me the camera is worse than a 3mp camera. The phone is slow and does hang at times. Otherwise the phone is decent and good
This smartphone brings a awesome visual experience. Apart from this it's very sleek, fast processor, Good camera quality in day light.On 5 inch IPS criteria ,it's giving brilliant performance in such a affordable price. Pros: super bright display, processor speed, sleek, look, OGS solution. Cons: No flip cover, edges are smooth hence slippery from hand, On screen buttons are not working perfectly, Back & home button disappears most of the time. No other online shoppe is so fast and so prompt. This is my second purchase from Amazon. Amazing delivery by Amazon ...!! Thanks a lot.
Xlent phone in low budget of 6000... Xlent look.. Sleem and low weight.. 1 gb ram..Good picture quality.. Average battery backup.. Delevered in 2 days..
It Is The Best Phone At This Price Range,And Who So Ever Is Complainting,Please Try To Hard Reset The Phone, Don't You Even Try To Bring Down Phone Reputation,Buyers Go For It.
good phone,but some technical problem is there,when charging the phone some functions are not working properly.looks great,slim,other features are ok..good phone to buy...
Good one for 6k segmant. Pros: Good & sufficiently bright crisp clear Display , 1GB RAM, Elegantly Designed Cons: Just average battery life
light weight mobile set. iworth against its cost price. possessing all necessary features required. as per my assesment i found it one of the best set. sks
sealed box no damage. i hope karbon will provide me the warranty as described by the seller and this phone is best in this amount and i ve purchased 3 phones.
A much better value proposition than micromax phones. If you're looking for a decent budget smartphone you should consider this.
Please do not buy this! I am irritated with the speakers. and overall doesn't give you good feel of using a smart phone. Drop this idea!
Its a nice sleek phone with all the features it promises, though little bit dissapointed with its both the camera quality.rest evrythng is fab at this price.
Good. But took a long time to ship.....
Not good. Lining are coming in both side of screen as when you will open this phone. Wifi and auto Internet connection , have some issue with this handset
in every field either features, looks, quality of software as well as hardware, clarity in voice or camera, it is very nice and meets to my requirements.
This phone is soon gud BT battery performance is soo poor So I want to my money back plz help Battery run only 5 hers U sud giv power bank
i purchased it last month......i like the product.....it works fine....and have no problem.....the good phone in this price range...... thnx Amazon...
I purchase this mobile from flipkart everything is good, features and all in karbonn titanium S5 but bad thing is sensor was not working properly...
Excellent looks and good display. Good for gaming as well. Camera is very average and doesn't live upto 8mp claim. Overall a worth for money mobile.
unbeatable in its price range and catagory ......great phone :) battery backup's not great though but size n display n speed covers it all up! :D
Good value for the price paid. All the basic apps very user friendly. If the hardware lasts for a few years, I would rate it as a good purchase.
Awesome handset. Looks like a Samsung S5, Camera and video recording well but one issue that battery backup only 7-8 hewers. Otherwise good
No support from Karbonn for technical fault - no service centre at Pondicherry. Hence I it not advisable to buy karbonn mobiles on online.....
The phone looks good. Got a brand new piece. But the speaker is not working appropriately. The sound is very very low than the normal phones.
Good phone but worst after sell service there is no response till 3-4 months ones there is problem no support from from the karbonn company,
within one month the mobile is being automatically off. The major problem it becomes hang. Low battery capacity.Very poor performance.
Why r u making fool to customer. This phone doesn't worth even Rs 6000 as per market price and u r selling this for Rs 12000+. Very bad
Recently purchase phone 10 days ago. It worked good till 8th day. from 9th day the speaker volume is very very dull and im unable to hear other side voice. very very embarssing. creating a lot of inconvenience. BATTERY BACK UP IS VERYY POOR. WAITING TO APPROACH CUSTOMER CARE. BETTER TO NOT BUY IN MY OPINION. EVEN THOUGH IT LOOKS SMART.
best mobile i have purchased 8 mobiles. no complaint.....everyone response is vry good. cheap rate. clearty is amazing....
Very good product in this price You just go for it n enjoy the feature of android.. F D D D
EXCELLENT MOBILE AND PROCESSING SPEED ALSO VERY FASTER THEN ANY OTHER MOBILE I HAD USE TILL NOW. LOOKING ALSO SUPPER.
The phone is good for the prize at which it is offered but at the time it has some cons in terms of Camera ability in the dark where it can not take pictures in the dark even with the flash where the images come very dark also the battery works only for a day (24 Hours) with internet on it works for less then that, with all this i will give the phone 3.5 star
good camera... ram is enough to play temple run and angry bird.. touch response would be better... this price its a good phone
Nice cell by karbonn. Camera clearity is not like 8MP. But overall good cell accordingly price. Well design, stylish and slim.
It is light weight. Touch is good. Camera is good. Performance is good. I love this. it is the best mobile at this rate.
very bad experience. receives totally damage product after 10 days of order then return back. then finally order from ebay.
Look wise, screen quality, price wise this phone is great.value for money. will not comment on their service issues.
Excellent product ! in reasonable price with one year manufacture warranty hurry up dont wait just buy it worth buying
The item Karbonn Titanium S5 Plus Mobile that was supplied to the recipient who was much thrilled initially with the item got disappointed later as it was found defective Hence the same was RETURNED yesterday only (09-07-2014). It may happen like this at times. Felt very sorry.
verry bad and poor product
this is really truely fully packed mobile within budget that is why i liked it a lot and suggest others too.
Nice phone ..First time bought the karbon brand ...its working atleast till now dont know about the future
CAMERA IS NOT GOOD ACCORDING TO 8MP..IS LIKE A 3.2MP..OTHERWISE PHONE LOOK IS GREAT WITH GOOD FEATURES..
Hii,, karbonn titanium S5 plus is a good choice among a long que of smart phones.really appreciable. ..
As of now no problem from mobile and Amazon is really good and it is helpful to buyer's through online
thik phone hai but 8 megapixel camra nahi hai cliarty 2 megapixel ki hai baki badgut me thik hai...
best phone at this price range. internet 3g speed is mind blowing. battery should have moer standby
FIRST I LIKE DELIVERY TIME WHICH PROMISE TO ME .2ND THIS PHONE IS SUPERB IN ALL FEILD,I LIKE IT.
In this description and photo it us s5 but the phones name is s5 plus .What a big confusion :-)
This mobile function is good,but during internet using heat generate and battery back not good
It was amazing smartphone. good features,camera & bettrybackup.and v.good delivery services.
Very good phone within 10000 rs price range.all features good.sound is less while ringing..
by some other phone like dont buy a phone for specs but by for the quality of the phone .
Nice packaging, received product on time. Over all product is good and working fantastic,
Delivered within the said said time and the product is as per the description. Awesome:-)
Phone is very good But donot buy it from Amazon ... you will never get your product on time .. but delay with 4 -5 days .. with the pathetic service of Amazon ... FlipKart is better than this .. wahiyat service provider ....
very nice mobile in low cost.its looking and all other is very good.i like this mobile.
Good performance, Aesthetic view and slim design..Excellent Camera and video result...
This does not have a premium feel. It looks great No doubt but feel is not premium.
I got it for good price.. But battery backup and camera clarity is not at good..
Good specification and works equally better just camera is a bit disappointment.
Amazing experience from Amazon, very good delivery, amazing phone very very slim
Except some issues regarding Camera, the other features are appreciable.....!!!
Heating prblam desturb me on game playing time, and internet connecting slow amazon s service is bery slow and late processing. total mind sisturbing
Good experience, Everything as told, Reached much earlier than expected.
The mobile heats up and spoils the screen resolution for some time ..........
It's the best phone I ever had for this price you get same performance like samsung galaxy s5 and looks same too. I had it for few months now no problems so far.
Mobile is amazing.....so many good unique features.....but I think dealer send me used or repack product......So buy from reliable sources & Check it first.....
Nice product compared to Samsung's and Apples product. Good value for money.
Great mobile with awsome looks... only difficulty is finding a cover for it.
Everything with the phone is fantastic....I like this phone on this price..
Good phone in the budget of 6-7K. 1800 MAH battery is a bit disappointing
The ph z gud.At begning wen purchased d ph,there wer some serious hangups .Then I decided for replacement. But fortunately the problem solved by it self.Now t he ph z working just like a dream. But friends, unfortunately couple of daz bak the head phone Jack slot cracked while connecting the Ear phone. Now. Surely, I will demand my replacement at any cost. PROS:- the ph is nice property vd capacitive touch screen, 1 gig Ram, 8gig int. memory. Primary, 2ndry camera. 5" screen display ,soft touch, Andrioid 4.1.2 ;upgradable to 4.2.2 or Even Kitcat ....& lots of fire . Con:- rear cover & ph chasis(cover) zn't durable at all. Thanks .
It's a very nice deal with us to share , but i am waiting my product :)
At the price of Rs 9000/- it is an awesome deal. The phone was loved by everybody around in 1st look. The features, looks and price, I give 10 o' 10 to Karbonn Titanium S5 Plus phone. People whoh want economically smart phone should go for this for sure :)
Good but as battery is only 1800 MAH Hence requires frequent charging
continue phone working on data.phone s going hot from top back side.
The piece is good. Price is reasonable. Satisfied with the product.
it was a good deal S5 plus is best phone in budget and is very handy
Battery is not good. Some files like snaps and downloaded apps automatically gets deleted, causing panic which should be repaired.
This product is very poor quality. So kindly it is not purchased.
Terrible battery performance, Camera is not worth clicking pics
it is good product in this range as compare to big leaders....
Excellent product. Meets my requirement. I would recommend it.
looking good;but touch screen not work properly;sometimes hang
nice phone . good display and touch. camera also is very good
Good Product; Its value for money. Touch is very Good! Aesthetic is as Wonderful; pre loaded s/w are good enough! the data down load speed is better than sony Xperia c Battery you have to com-pro if you are speaking overall more than 4 hrs on mobile.
generally alright, but there's no user guide for first-timers. one of the main reasons in choosing this phone was the dual sim capability, but one of the sim slots is not working. i was travelling out of the country the day the package arrived, and the pack was opened when i was not in india. the karbonn customer service number doesnt connect, and no one has replied to the email query in 15 days yet. i guess we'll have to wait till we go back and visit one of the customer care shops. disappointing.
Old product but considering its price i got a good deal :-)
I have got the right product. And brand new packed mobile .
Very disappointed the phone display screen stopped working
Very good phone with all feature in less s.than R10,000.00
Great phone I am using for last 6 months no problems yet
Exllent mobile less cost more features I m satisified .
front camera should be more advance n screen resolution
Good fast and complete phone in this reasonable price.
All fetures are good but battery life is not to good
excellent features and easy to use with nice display
In time Great delivery. Also the product is awesome.
Camera quality is poor but processing is excellent
all function available in minimum rate...very good
It's fine...i good exprience to buy frm Amazon....
Good phone
Nice phone to give as a gift. Very nice product.
Dont buy any Karboon Mobile I Have Used 3 Karboon Mobile From last two Years, that my experience told Pros Good Looking Cons 1 ) After 2-3 Month Will give u something Problem in hardware. 2) Not Good service, even in Mumbai like City. 3 ) Small Problems also took 2 to 3 month for servicing 4 ) in service they will create Another Problem 5) More of Warranty Period Goes to Servicing Even More Than Half Of Warranty Period. that's why 6) they Cheat with good Design, 7) Dont Buy Any Karboon Mobile they r wast of Mony & Time
not even 5 months battery is creating problem..
A wonderful phone by price, spec and usability.
nice touch screen , good looking models , 10/10
awsm phn .. value phone with all features ..
product is good but battery should very poor
Worth Buying. Good product with great price.
ITS DUPLICATE MOBILE I ADVICE NO ONE TO BUY DIS KARBON TITANIUM S5PLUS. MOBILE INTERNAL MEMORY IS ONLY 2GB. N ITS COVERIS SO THIN THAT IF MISTAKEL ANY1DROP SLOWLY ALSO IT WILL BRAKE IN TO MANY PARTS. I HAVE BUY JUST 3DAYS AGO N NOW M SO WORRIED OF ITS QUALITY. ITS A DUPLICATE PRODUCT N SO LIGHT. I WANT TO RETURN IT WHAT TO DO???????
this is an awesome phone at such a reasonable rate.though camera quality is a little less than what i expected but friends u cant have everything in such low price.other features r too good.smooth touch,good performance,only battery gets discharged very quickly,if u r using net or games,otherwise battery life is 10 hrs on standby
acutally it is gud.......... phone handsome
camera is not good ,other features are good
it is correct phone to give 5 star review.
Nice phone thanks amazon for fast shipping
It is a very good phone in this price.....
Awesome phone...battery backup is oky.....
Ok. But some times heating while speaking.
The product is good & met my expectation.
COD not available on this phone@12/10/14.
Good Nice Better Perfect
Very good mobile. value for money.
Considering the price, value for money.
It's good mobile and very light weight.
Camera works great. Nic phone under 7k
Like shops @ Amazon....really great...
its very good mobile i like it........
goodlook good perfamence totally good
is der secondary cemara in this phone
Perfect but not much like i expected
prodocts r good .but customer care no. is not working n customer service is not good i have a karbonn a9 plus mobile. after one year itz bettry has failed.. main problem is that itz accessry n sper prts not avilble in mrket like bettry.
After srving 3to 4 pages it hangs
good cell in the price range bravo
Bad battery backup and heating...
I reccoment this phon to all..:)
heating problem, slow processing
Very Good product. I love too...
Amazon Rocks . Got it in 1 day .the phone 8s better then a 15k samsung or sony . Super sleek n packed with features . The black coloradds to the look . If u want a reasonable head turner fone this one is it .
its fine to use with low amount
GOOD QUALITY AND BATTERY BACKUP
Return plz not battery back app
its really meet my expectations
Got a nice Deal... beyond expectation, Phone was nice, but not sure about the warranty, time will tell i carries warranty in delhi also or not??
There were battery backup issues. I had to charge it twice / thrice a day initially. However, things got worse after 10 days and it was not charging at all, or if shown charged used to discharge within minutes. Ultimately, I had to take it to Service Center where they checked and have sent it to Manufacturer. The update given is it will take 20/25 days to get it back.. This kind of experience I was not expecting when I went for the product.
Karbonn Titanium S5 Plus is an upgrade to the original Titanium S5 and is powered by a mediatek 6582 processor which performs better than the old Mtk6589 processor. The CPU is clocked at max 1.3Ghz. The GPU inside this is a Mali-400 MP which outperforms PowerVR graphics coming with most Mtk6589 devices. Quadrant 5700+ Antutu 17000+ Nenamark - 61 fps From the benchmark scores its very clear that it is more powerful than even those high end devices like Xolo Q3000,Micromax Turbo etc. Those devices score 2000 less than this in Antutu benchmark. Features,Pros and Cons 1) On screen buttons - Home,Multitasking and Back buttons are on screen like you see on Google Nexus devices. This is how google want manufactures make android devices. 2) Display - 5 inch qHD (220 PPI) IPS display with great viewing angles.Even though the resolution is not 720P,display looks good to look at 3) Built Quality - Better than original Titanium S5's and doesnt looks cheap. The back cover is glossy white. 4) Good in-ear headphones are included in the box. 5) Apps can be installed/moved to the sdcard.So you can install big apps and games from the playstore. 6) S5 plus ships with Android 4.2.2 on board. It has custom UI in many areas like notification center,home screen,dailer etc. Icons are samsung-like. I dont think many would like these customization. 7) Battery backup - 1800mAH battery can only last 1 day of average use. 8) Sensors - accelerometer,proximity and light sensors. Compass and Gyroscope sensors are missing. 9) Gaming Performance - The Mali GPU on board gives a great gaming experience for the price.Games like dead trigger 2 ran without much issues. 10) 8 MP Camera Quality is good outdoors,but not great. Front cam is good enough for video chatting. Overall a great budget device with a newer and better processor than those seen in many high end phones coming around 18K.
Still working so good product.
worthwhile in this price band.
Working good and nice looking
Am amazed at the delivery period.....got it within 2 days of delivery. The product build is very good and feels very nice in the hand. Very slim too. The only cons would be battery life.
Look --- Very Good Very Rich Premium Touch--- Very Responsive User Interface- Very Good Screen- Crystal clear/crisp/ good in all angle but some coating (dragon tail ) should be provided otherwise the phone is finger print magnet. Or the screen guard must be prefixed by the company. Company do provides the screen guard but again a layman may not be able to apply it correctly without bubbles. So, the company must prefix the screen guard. Back cover is somewhat slippery but after putting the case/ flip cover this is no more an issue. Battery- Very Good 4 Hours if you use internet continuously without taking rest ! if you don't then good for one day. Headphone-- Very Bad The jack of headphone does not fits tight. Camera- Worst....The worst camera made me reject the phone. The Camera is totally useless. The company should provide a neat and clean better camera. Had the camera been good I would have certainly considered the phone. The cam gives very bad images even in good light. Audio/ incoming call ringtone--- Very bad. Yes Very bad. The speakers are on the back lower side so if you put the phone on table then the incoming tune is not heard properly. Further if you put this phone in pocket same problem. The voice output of audio is very bad. Will I recommend the phone-- NO not at all.
The phone is simply awesome.
Amaging support by owber....
Excellent peace in low range
What an amazing product.....
i found damage screeen gaurd
Citibank cash back awaited
It has some network problem
Nice phone & nice features.
Good phone and good seller.
One of the worst online buys for me. I will not even recommend this phone to my worst of enemies. 1) In today's world if I have to do all the 3g/GPRS setting manually (got the details of setting after struggling for 3-4 days), then this phone is of no use. 2) After 3G was activated, I was able to open internet slides through browser but Google play store has still not worked - always says that your andriod device is not provisioned for the access. What the hell then I have purchased this phone for; when I can not access the whatsapp or some other popular applications 3) Company must be joking by saying that camera is 8 MP. Samsung's 3 MP was better than this 8 MP. 4) Original back cover of the product is so thin that it looks like it may break anytime - don't know how durable is this one. Only option now i have will be to chase the karbonn repair centre or my network provider.
Phone is ded onle 5 monthe
super mobile burget mobile
This phone is a good value for money product. Looks great. Works fine. The only problem is the low inbuilt storage, and the fact that many default apps cannot be either removed or moved to the sd card, which makes a minimum if 80% of the inbuilt storage always full. Need to frequently clear junk files. Otherwise great!
good features at this rate
Love it..<3 Very nice an sleek design. Yet another good product from Karbonn. Good going...<3 Nice experience over all and this was amazing.
IT is best cell phone ...
hello it is very usefull Karbonn Titanium S5 Plus (Deep Blue) ashish sharma hello it is very usefull Karbonn Titanium S5 Plus (Deep Blue) ashish sharma
nice product.. I love it
Best customer service. Only problem with service providers like courier egency who post diffrent comments through SMS and mail communication
Hand set not resived me
Pros : 1. A customized Android version which much better, user friendly and time saving than many other leading brands. 2. Fits in Budget 3. Impressive processor and RAM. 4. Stunning IPS display. Cons : 1. Comparatively low battery backup. 2. Phone over heats while playing games. 3. The colour depth and sharpness of photographs is not upto the mark for an 8MP camera. 4. While a call is waiting the person to whom you're speaking hears the beep sounds instead of you which is quite disgusting. (No response or update or fix from Karbonn in spite of mailing the complaint. 5. Phone hangs and restarts frequently (which is common for low budget phones, but the repetitions are exceptionally high while playing games)
verry well............
Economically good ....
Suprb one in its range
V good super mast fine super very lite vry fast jabbar jast disply everage battery everage headphone everage no flip cover
Awosome and excellent
Bought the S5 plus a few weeks back. Had ordered on a Saturday and it was delivered on Monday. Kudos to Amazon for speedy delivery. Overall a decent phone. Battery lasts full day on average usage... some calls, not much net usage... mostly whatsap and such and not much gaming. Went for this phone because it is light and slim and wasn't dissapointed. The only issue is with finding a flip cover and screen guard for this phone. None of the stores near my house had a flip cover and guard. The phone does come with a screen guard but that didn't fit properly! So finally ordered these from Amazon which delivered them the very next day. So full marks to Amazon for the same.
Pic not good capture
But Bettary Missing
no issue till date.
Camara poor quality
camera is not good.
Dont buy any Karboon Mobile I Have Used 3 Karboon Mobile From last two Years, that my experience told Pros Good Looking Cons 1 ) After 2-3 Month Will give u something Problem in hardware. 2) Not Good service, even in Mumbai like City. 3 ) Small Problems also took 2 to 3 month for servicing 4 ) in service they will create Another Problem 5) More of Warranty Period Goes to Servicing Even More Than Half Of Warranty Period. that's why 6) they Cheat with good Design, 7) Dont Buy Any Karboon Mobile they r wast of Mony & Time u can Go For Nokia for Good Hardware Or Micromax they give good Service
Verygood product
so good phone ini this is good so i like this nice speet very very very very very very very nice
excellent product.
grt phone loved it
excellant product
Good handset !!!!
Excellent Mobile.
it is best one...
Ok for the Price
its good working
Slim & beautiful
its too late....
Worth the price!
very nice mobile
excellent phone
Value for money
Nice phone ....
Excellent phone
Good v.v.v Good
Set is not good
very Good Phone
A product good
Awesome phone.
It was awesome
its best phone
Nice phone...
Awesome......
BEST PRICE...
over all good
Good product.
OK , not bad
Good product
GRATE HANSET
stylish&good
The phone is value for money. Among all the phone in the same price range, it has best features. The only draw back is the front camera :(. You cannot take a picture perfect selfie, otherwise the rear camera is good with auto focus. I was able to take clear pictures even while driving. So far good performance and did not hang at all.
nice mobile
Worth it...
perfect....
A very Nice phone to use. Again delivery time of amazon is good. Packing of Phone is very good. Only drawback is the Charger and Battery of phone. I personally use Nokia charger to charge the phone as its charger will take whole night to charge it. Also battery backup is very less hardly 6 hours.
I liked it
good phone
Nice phone
best phone
Nice phone
nice phone
Nice Phone
Not in cod
amazing...
nice phone
Hi, This mobile Karbonn Titanium S5 Plus functionality and wide range of facilities are very good. I'm satisfied with karbonn product what i chose. I have already recommended in my friend circle and relatives. Regards, Padma
very good
Very nice
excellent
Very good
Excellent
Excellent
Good prod
Its good
Nice one
working well for the time being. we should have policy of replacement if the set is not working properly.Current one in good condition and to interact with AMAZON it was easy and user friendly.
Excellent Screen, Smooth performance, but one have to compromise on Camera and battery(if used more 3g and games). Sometimes viewing video may be irritating
This is a best phone available in this price range, camera quality is good, processor is fast enough to do multitasking, display is also good, I ordered this phone on 8th May and got delivery on 11th, this is a good service from Amazon.
The phone is very good in every sense but only big drawback is it hangs after a call and does not sense the call s disconnected. As a result neither the display nor the touch resumes and it has to be restarted by removing the battery physically.
lovely one amazing phone with 8mp camera and amazing screen but camera not up to the mark as delivered via karbon
Amazing
Amazing
Is good
Hi Friends, I bought this phone & it is an excellent phone for such a less price. Its the best deal for teenagers who get less pocket money.
superb
Very good service by amazon reach at 3 days. Good processor, looks, ram. Average camera, sound. Overall good phone at budget.
It is quite good. It serves my needs eminently. Photos with this phone are quite sharp and clear. Strongly recommend for normal use.
Hopeless Phone.It crashed in 15 days. Buy if you want to waste your money. Crappy after sales service want a month to repair.
So so
great
Hmmm I m Fully Satisfied Customer. Thanks Amazone Quick Service. Recharge All Mobile & DTH via Software [...]
worth for money spend and quality is very good, nice look and found as per specs required to protect the cellphone
zdchbnfznhjgtfdjgdjghfkjmhfkm fkj j g fgj fgy j fj fhj fh fg jfh kfh fghk hkjdg rd ser hry rghy rhgb r
good
Good
Nice
nice
like
good
Good
Nice
good
Good
Good
Good
Good
i love this piece less price and good quality
ok
nice phone with a good price
Excellent in low cost
Costwise beutiful.
Its really awesome
Nice product ....
Excellent phone
good one
