B00HRUQ2L2
I have been using this phone for past 3 months, Till now I have no complaints at all. For this price u wont get any other better phone. I'l summarize some cons most users would feel. Cons: * No LED notification light * No flash * No secondary camera * No WiFi direct (Could be available on win 8.1 update) * Battery backup is not great (maximum 2 days on average use) * No backlignt on capacitive buttons but there is haptic feedback * Need an SD card for app installation from PC ( There has been some rumors that only class 6 or more SD cards will be supported after 8.1 update) * Readability under sunlight is not great, U'l find it hard under direct sunlight * No file explorer app available * Limited Bluetooth functionality. Pros: * Super awesome touch response * Vibrant display * Awesome performance * Zero lag * Plenty of apps are available * Awesome camera and associated apps * Super awesome call quality * Elegant design * Almost all games are supported, thanks to 1 GB RAM * Windows 8.1 update would support file explorers, notification panel and more * Cortana is awesome (Except for battery drain) though its gonna be available in US only for some time. * Windows 8.1 Developer preview(Unofficial windows 8.1 update, can contain bugs, update voids your warranty) is available for every one.
My 6th windows phone and it didn't disappoint me. Below are the pros and cons I found after 3 months of usage. Pros : 1. Even though its host a 1430 mAh battery, with normal usage the charge lasts for two days. 2. Awesome call quality. 3. Rocking camera even without flash. 4. Touch is very good and responsive. 5. Sound is too good. That was never expected. 6. No lag at all with the 1 GB RAM. 7. Easy to carry and finish is awesome too. 8. Good transfer speed, both WiFi and 3G 9. 8GB inbuilt and 64 GB expandable feature for this price is good. 10 . Easy update to windows 8.1 Cons: 1. No flash and no front cam. 2. Not producing good sound quality while using music player. 3. Less apps when compared to iOS and Google play. So just go ahead and buy it rather than getting lagging android phones out there for cheap prices.
The Very Good Phone By Nokia. Very Impressive Look and also nice Quality. RAM is also good amount in this Price.
Whiile replying to any mail you can not attach file except pictures. Mean u can not attach word, excel, text etc.
First things first... -Have been locked to Symbian (& Nokia N8) since my tryst with mobility began and my brush with Android has been limited to Micromax Funbook. -I am not an avid social net-worker nor do i use mobile email facility to use -Have a soft-corner for Nokia brand -Was looking for an ideal gift for sub 10000 for s/o who needed to be initiated to the world of 'present day' technology & also to expect a WOW-y expression from the recipient After weighing various options (limited to Sony & Nokia as was not at all interested to add to the ubiquitous Samsung population) zeroed in on lumia brand; with lumia 520 & 525 making the grade. Superior battery & memory tilted the scale in 525s BLACK favour. (I am glad it did as I feel so happy to watch my li'l ones aiding their 'action heroes' negotiate challenges thrown at them with ease & definitely without hiccups. Reasons for buying Lumia 525 Black: - Found windows to be non-intrusive. I say this because I have heard several of my colleagues complaining about Google's penchant for collating/culling infomation from various sources viz emails, facebook etc & putting it right there in your contacts without knowing whether the bonafide owner really finds this useful. - Decent looking, elegant (not eye catching), NOT FLASHY (no chrome plating or silver borders here), silent worker. - Had been a great fan of Nokia's DRIVE, NOKIA Music & NOKIA Maps. As an avid runner & driving entusiast, mapping my speed at different terrains & finding routes have been greatly eased since I owned an N8. My son is hooked to NOKIA maps too. - Looked like a perfect gift for a person uninitiated to the ever expanding technological world of mobility. (I was not disappointed at all) Experience post buying: - No issues with Windows OS. Albeit, we find it more intuitive, smooth, hiccup free & simple. - Completely satisfied. One aspect which every buyer of the phone should know before-hand which I was unaware of: The ALARM function of the phone works only with phone in ON condition. I found out after having missed my running schedule once. Now its almost a fortnight since the phone found its way into our lives, we have made peace with this aspect although we do miss the feature as there are very bright chances that unwarranted phone calls jolts u out of sleep in the middle of the night. (We had the habit of switching off our mobiles before closing for the day). Final word... Health conscious people looking for sub 10000 phones, having passion for the outdoors, wanting to break the clutter & not apprehensive of embracing a new platform can readily take the plunge. The journey would be joyful & you will surely have lots of fun & pleasant surprises along the way. So... Readers should now know who the recipient of this gift was...
Excellent windows phone in this range. Awesome phone. 1gb ram simply powerful phone. Very sleek and glossy smoothy finish. simply superb
pros: compact and pocketable, wonderful touch screen, user interface is easy, very fresh and lively than android phones, not many applications to boast of, but all essential apps are there, nokia music is free for 3 months and you will get some good music from the nokia store, but the music file format is a little different than the usual MP3, economical price, easy connectivity, internet experience is fairly good and so is the gaming. Camera is good under day light and the music experience is great. cons: feel a little flimsy without a protective cover, no front camera and no flash for the primary camera, some problems with managing the files, especially the music files. overall, a great buy for me as I like it very much, right now.
awesome phone for a range of 10k apps arent much but still increasing in in WP8 doesnt lag even a bit worth the investment better than 520 anyday
Good windows phone....nokia music store and other apps are also very good... Very handy...camera somewhat average...battery backup normal...at last very good service by Amazon india
good product and superb delevry frm amazon good camera,sound,n internal memory 4gb got this @ best price 8999 very happy
Best budget phone with excellent build up quality(its NOKIA standards) below 10k, you cant find any other phone matching the standards with this given budget. pros 1. brilliant display with smooth touch screen even work smooth when operated with gloves 2.good battery life (1.5 to 2 days) 3.RAM 1GB , no lags in playing high quality games 4. good back camera with auto focus 5. lots of apps equivalent to apple store and play store 6. no heating problems 7. superb call quality and excellent noise cancellation 8. HERE maps and HERE drive an excellent app with pre-loaded maps for people who travel most and even for all. Its works without data connection , whereas in android phones you need data connection to load maps. Maps are very accurate and i guarantee you wont get lost . 9. Cortana (8.1.1 v) an excellent app like sirsi in apple phones. Microsoft doing a good job. cons 1.no front camera for selfies...but windows has a solution to this ,an app lumia selfie it takes selfies with back camera 2.no equalizers for music 3.no dual sim 4.no backlit light for icons 5.data cable is very small overall its a very good phone within a given budget limitation. just go for it if you are looking range of 10k.i am happy and looks professional phones with lots of decent apps and per loaded office 365
if u are going for windows platform then go for this...if not windows is...there are ample of choices ... But this phone is awesome at its price ..comparing it with all the windows phone in this price group u will find ... 1 extra feature in Lumia 525 E.g... Lumia 520 has 512 ram...525 has 1gb of ram Lumia 530 has 512 ram..no proximity sensors..no light sensons Lumia 525 has all these... Talking abt its ...performance ..trust me it will never let u down in front of ur friends... Starting wit music .....and ending to office use this phone will give ub100%... U can play high end games,u can enjoy a heart touching music..on headphones ...call quality is awesome..camera is awesome In dayblight ..a bit fussy in night ..but managable...sensors work smoothly..keyboard is user friendly and correct mistake ..as it make ur typing more fast...It catches voice commands easily..like call mama..call dady...open camera . ..etc +point it works without internet as in android phone internet is req for this...friends its.... True windows has limited aap support but that's not big deal...u will be getting all important apps ...which will be required by u to do all ur works... So...i will suggest u to buy it .a game  changer from Nokia thanks.
I am using this phone for a year now. Sure now there are other Lumia phones that are much better and cheaper than this one. But this phone served me really good within thin one year. This phone fell from my hands quite a few times, yet no scratches on its screen. I never experienced lag. On high-end games, yes. Camera is good. Missed flash though. This is my first Lumia, my first windows phone. I bought this cheap one back then to check if I liked this platform or not. It got updated from Windows Phone 8 to Windows Phone 8.1. Microsoft did a decent amount of good changes in their OS since last year, still there is more we require though. I will definitely go for another Lumia next time and that time it will be a flagship or at least a high-end one.
This is a really good phone for the price with its only serious contender being the Moto E3 - in terms of specs that is. The Moto E is cheaper though. So why is this better than the Moto E? Because of the OS and the simplicity of using it. Windows Phone has gotten much better with the 8.1 update and will continue to get even better. The 1GB RAM on this phone lets you run your apps with ease. Managing memory by moving apps and content is very easy with WP 8.1. Finally the app gap between iOS/Android and WP is fast coming close with all major apps coming in for Windows Phone as well. If there is a sale on this, be sure to pick it up. You won't regret it.
Everything is perfect except battery draining fast than expected. Din't see a great difference between lumia 520 (512 MB Ram) & lumia 525 (1GB Ram) I recommend this phone.
NOKIA with Windows 8 is a formidable combination. It is a good phone to possess. Only one SIM CARD is an inconvinience.
the mobile is very slim and looks great.... awesome OS... Its far better than Samsung models....its more than expected and finally I stongly recommend this phone....
the device has ability to support every App . as it carries 1 gb ram . allows processing in nice fashion. i recommend this product .
More smoothness more usability, although all configs are same except the RAM, still performance is much more improved. For those who blame the Windows Store check out once again, all necessary apps can be found. You will receive all updates from Microsoft as the OS part is directly controlled by Microsoft and is not dependent on the Handset Maker. If you are bored of using the same Android and want to change the flavor then can try this one.
THE BATTERY BACK UP IS AMAZING ALONG WITH A VERY GOOD MUSIC DOWNLOAD OPTION FOR FREE. ALSO I LOVE GUI OF PHONE A LOT ITS SMOOTH TO HANDLE AND LOOKS ARE GOOD TOO
Met my expectations to the fullest,product description matchec the actual product.No issues,no hassels with the order formalities.Thanks for keeping the trust
Economical n good in specs. I will recommend this for those who are opting to buy a phone near the budget of Rs.10,000
Very nice experience with this phone. Kudos to Nokia and Microsoft. Good delivery by Amazon, got it in 5 days. But the Nokia's offer of free games has expired now.
There is no hang while playing games like asphalt 8 becoz of 1 GB RAM. Cons, i found out * No Camera Flash * No Front Cam.. * Heating up of Battery a Lot while playing Games. Otherwise its a good phone... #Nokia always rocks in their built quality... Stylish design makes me to order this product. it also play 720p and above... #Best Phone Around This Price...
Go for it if your budget is around 10k... I have been using this phone since two months and its really amazing... It has a very elegant design... Easy to use and stylish... App store is also quite good... Being a windows phone, it also makes interfacing with ur pc amazing... Completely satisfied with the product.... :)
this hand set is very interactive and has a lot of new features, am still learning to use it to its full potential
After using this phone for about one yr, I would say to any of my friends never purchase a windows phone. Why? ....u don't have a proper file access system. So what? U have apps like metro file manager...i have used those apps, u won't know where your files are. I don't know where my files are which I received through bluetooth. U wont be able to attach any other file types other than picture in your email attachment directly. If u are ready for file access related frustrations the go ahead with your choice. Enjoy. I am switching back to Android. Bye windows, u r good only in PC's.
More than value for money... great UI... smooth flow... sleek design... app environment is good after WP8.1 update... Music apps are real treat... Cam apps are good, and lack of flash is rarely noticeable... few cons: Might take time to detect apps in SD card once copied Though apps are available, store is not good in searching them for u... better use forums or google to get'em
Its a budget phone. camera is super 5mp is much better than others samsung sony 5 mp camera. till now no hang problem u can update it to 8.1 windows hotspot fantastic attractive look. as windows phone developer its fine. less applications related to file management. privacy issues. headphones provided are not good enough.
On the very first week, it fell down and glass was broken. Although I know it was by mistake but company shall provide a decent quality of glass. It is waste since then. Although processing speed is good. but now market is quite wide open, you can go for any other mobile. I am not big of nokia since I have seen this happening for my other colleagues also.
I gifted this mobile. Its built quality is really good. Impressive design. Touch feel is really good. I played few games in this i didn't find any issue with the performance. I got a sealed box piece. It fits perfect in hand. For typing you may feel little difficult when you are switching from 5 inch mobiles
Good phone in this price segment, display is little bit let down but not much expected from the phone in this range. I bought this from Amazon on much lower price than they are mentioning right now. Battery back up is good, I have always used android phones previously lumia battery back up is flawless compared to them
I bought this phone 3 months back and I'm more than happy with it. I've been a android/ios user for a long time. But the smoothness and UI of this phone is just amazing. Only downside is that Whatsapp on windows eco-system is not fully developed and is a bit slow. Loved it, would definitely recommend it.
Dear Sir My Nokia Lumia 525 is defective. Many of its functions are not working like Blue tooth is not working, porduct is different than shown in instruction manual..etc Many of its functions are not working. Please arrange for replacement. Thanks
Nokia and Amazon, two of my favorites. The phone is just superb for the pricing, battery charges really fast, and last upto 10 hours of constant usage. once again found the prices to be less than Flipkart and Ebay and with Amazon service, i could not have asked for more.
It is a good phone and with lot of good features. It is good to use windows . touch is quite good
Phone hangs very often. Reception is very bad. Looks like a used phone or faulty phone sold as new phone. When taken to Nokia service center, was refused the service. Fella there told, since it was bought online he won't even touch it.
First i would like MS os, lot of features is there for this rate. only one drawback in this phone front camera is missing. otherwise it is good. i referred to my friends my company works are used 520 & 525
poor battery backup...charging frequency twice a day..so.I have purchased lenovo P780 ..for lenovo charging frequency once in two days..but Rs 5k more than lumia 525..its better pay more for better battery backup mobile.
really good phone with sharp looks.. the camera has auto focus and zoom... just make sure the bettery is proper bcoz when i used it with continous usage of net ,it just gave me 5 hours life on 100 % charge
Nice and crispy, buttery smooth. Battery runs long enough for the entire day. Good for marathon net users. The phone mark its presence for the Windows lovers. Overall a nice experience and a brand value too. :-)
This is a phone, which I needed the most. Good to see the hardware supported by Windows OS. Only thing which hurts the most is that this phone does not have the synchronization available with local PC.
It's not check damage mobile phone in the amazon.com so please choose your choice 1. Amazon.in 2. Show Room 3. Flipcart
amazing product by nokia in lowest price range,.... windows 8.1 is coming soon on this piece awaiting for it. Amazon as alwayz rocks for its service
Nokia lumia is excellent phone with great features, anyone in need of smartphone can straight away buy it without much taught.
I am using the phone since two weeks did not find any problem till now matched to my expectations ..... a very good phone under 10k bucks.... touch is very good far better than other phone in same category.... only problem in phone is camera ... would have been much better with flush ...... user friendly... great connectivity.... overall a good budget phone for everything u want these days...
Excellent Phone with excellent hardware: Pros: You can buy this phone if u wont hang up with the apps or games that are in android.. Because windows eco system is different I have been using my nexus 7.. I like to have windows 8.1 update sioon
Its a very nice phone with very nice features, whatever specification derives and it has those. Windows OS is very nice to use. The need to work on touch and if run heavy application or games its get heated up but games run very smoothly...
Amazing bang for the buck. Got myself one of those as a second phone and was pretty surprised by how great this phone is. Only missing features are a flash and a front cam. Considering the price and build quality, an amazing purchase!
With features justifying its cost, Lumia 525 is definitely the best one in this range. Good job done by Amazon too.
it give me fabulous performance as i require in speed and the technical matter but here is one conflict is varieties of application is not available
I don't say it is super fast but still Good one. Internet Explorer is little trouble in this, need to reload the page sometimes repeatedly. Other wise its too good very flexible access
On time delivery. Best at this range.. Battery could have been better. If you use windows phone, you will never switch to android or ios
Item received good packing , value for money, speedy dispatch . I like it. I an a regular customer of Amazon.
It' s great phone to hold in my hand..... I'm using it almost 17 days long... It's too early to give it a review but I can't hold my hand to write anything about it. It's a super smooth touch sensitive phone..... i love its display. it can handle 720p video, running nice... After all using windows for almost 10 years it is good to use a win phone..... As I'm not a power user the battery running full 2days/48 hours after a full 100% charge.... and I have no hang issue with this like other operating system's phone have..... Disadvantage: some of option is not there like copying files, moving files from one location to another... camera features is great but the picture's quality some what fade.... color intensity, contrast is not good enough... And network catching power is not great. i think there have some issue which should Nokia took care about this phone... after all it's worth to buy in this range....
It is a very nice phone.. I am having a good experience.. Also I would like to add few word for amazone.in for their service... Thank you amazone and Nokia..
one of best feature phone on this category,except one issue is battery backup is low.. worth for pay,go for it..!
It is a superb windows phone. it has a 5 MP autofocus camera and its silmply good.But it has no secondary camera. I like this because he windows phone are the super fast afeter ios.its just cool to use this phone.its look is somewhat stylish and trendy.it has an 8 GB internal storage.it works on dual core 1GHZ and so it is super fast.its just cool to play games in this game. And it does not hangs often. its just an awesome phone!!!!!!
its simply awsome i im loving it i got it right in time in right place it was up to my expectations
great offer good packing amazing quality you should add a memory card free with it it will be rely nice
Bought it for parents as first smart phone. Easy to use interface. Uncomplicated. Works efficiently for people who don't need heavy gaming experience.
Real use of business application like Office application like word and excel. Microsoft application market is also maturing Simple interface
Phone is working fine,even though the Mfd Dt on the cover shows Nov 30 2013. . . .Donno precisely if its just RESET n sold to me. .. .
The device is good. Its good for starters and shallow gamers. You can use any app for about 15-20 min after that it starts heating. If you are using wifi or cellular net it works fine for first 10-15 min then the surfing and download speed reduces. Battery backup is not different from 520. If you use continuously it will last for 5-6 hrs. Earlier subway surfer used to lag on 520, in 525 it runs smooth. Maybe windows 8.1 update may change the interface and give new face to windows phone. Better go for higher end lumia devices rather than this one. All devices ending with -0 are 512 mb and those with -5 are 1 gb ram devices
prompt delivery, in perfect condition and the phone is amazing.. absolutely no lags, runs games very smoothly and the apps available are more than enough. Also, the camera is decent and the sound quality is not bad..! The overall build is solid and slim and the looks are stunning. The touch is amazing. in short, no regrets on purchasing this phone based on the performance and the things mentioned above. However, the screen, without a scratch gaurd(like mine, as i had also purchased a flip-flap cover with it), attracts way too many fingerprints. Even flies are not attracted to a ripe banana that much. It spoils visibility many times especially when u use ur phone in bright sunlight, eventhough the "sunlight readability" mode is switched on. This is where it loses a star... other than that, no regrets... this phone is a good value for money and is among the best in windows phones available in the market. Also, the battery backup is pretty good... infact way better than most android xperia phones! Amazon's pricing is very good, when compared to other online megastores and the packing was decent.
I have always been using android phones esp samsung. i switched to a lumia wit half heart, but i must say i really made the rite choice. Pros: 1GB RAM does make playing games smoother n multi tasking better.. Offline maps come in handy camera apps provide a lot of options to click like a pro- like changing shutter speed, iso etc IPS LCD does give good viewing angles touch sensitivity is great. The build of the phone is pretty good and the lumia black has a matte finish back cover that makes it look really sleek Cons: No front facing camera- bt given that we rarely use a front facing camera, this could be ignored No camera flash Apps cant be installed on SD card so wit the inbuilt memory available (close to 5GB), we cant do much without using an SD card for storing media files. Not many apps are available on WP yet- but ya, soon they would be... Yet, for the price range, this phone definitely is a great choice. and I am loving it
Simply an awesome Smart Phone... Pros : Touch is superb, I have never felt such a kind in any other phone. 1 Gb ram + 1Ghz Processor+ Win 8 .. It's sort of PC on your palm. etc etc etc Cons :Not that much apps (especially free apps) available compared to Android... IT's hopeful that Windows is trying to catch up with it. No inbuilt file manager and apps can be only installed in Phone memory #Fingers crossed, waiting for Win 8.1.....
A very good handset. it is worth the price. I personally felt that this handset if had a LED flash would have been the best. regarding the usage part, people using windows mobile first time will feel bit difficult to use, nevertheless with usage it is going to be great experience.
Super performance mobile, really i loved it, lumia kills my time mostly on Asphalt games,1G ram experience superb. Thank you Amazon
I found it good value for money with respect to all the phones in the same price bracket. Good speed and not so intrusive software as andorid. You can keep the scrap away.
Nice display,GPU Fluid UI Nice Gaming Performnc average battery life(no bad) RAM 1 GB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Nice look and charging time is less compared to other phones
Superb mobile...........Quality is wonderful Read the configuration of any mobile before you decide to buy it ...... Meeting all my requirements....... very happy with the performance....
touch respond awesome,good looking phone,1gb ram its equal to 2gb ram of droid,camera build quality awesome,heavy games are smthly run,fluid perfomance,just love this phone
I get my order on time and I am very much satisfied with the product. Company should give some return awards to those customers who are regular shopper from your site.
I am an 'apple' user for long time. I agree, still, that windows phone has to go on a long way. But, to be honest, I am totally astonished with 525's Performance.
Excellent phone with this price range (5.7k). started loving windows os although my previous phone has andriod. Amazon's pricing was excellent for this phone.
525 made for game and application lovers.. Windows 8.1 super.. No lag.. Fastest keyboard.. Attractive.. Speedy.. Completely satisfied.. Thanks to Amazon..
I simply can't understand why nokia does not provide front cam and flash for the rear camera..at this range they must provide atleast one of the two
Nokia had done the best in lumia 525.add 1gb ram ,its really awesome.you can play the all games with this lumia 525 because of the 1gb ram.
I have purchased from amazon nice product good battery life ( 04 Days without internet, 02 days with internet ) nice product, good package
Very Good Mobile. I went for this model over Nokia 520 because of the RAM size and am happy i did it. The performance is really good.
Awesome battery back up is excellent,no front camera even though it's great from Microsoft Some of the apps not available on nokia store
Phone charger not functioning, damaged within 5 months. Nokia care (Haldia) also not ready to replace it with warranty period.
Bought it for my son. He seems incredibly happy with it and he is a well informed kid. It was his choice in the first place.
I gifted to my mom and dad on their wedding anniversary. My dad uses most of the features in it. So far so good. No issues
I am using Lumia 525 from 1 month .phone is good. Camera is excellent..but during chaging mobile heating problems occur..
This is a pathetic product. Screen gets frozen every other day. Despite taking it to Nokia care the problem not resolved.
Cheap and best price and product. Keep up such a good service among all the Indian e-commerce websites available for us.
A decent handset, easy to use. Processing is fast as compared to Lumia 520. No complaints about the seller.
Selfies are difficult without the front-side camera in the model. But otherwise, it is a brilliant starter smartphone
Great Phone! Great Features! My Nokia Lumia has it and I love it! Thanks Amazon for the great service!
A very good phone with good battery life, there is no problem execpt one that its heats up just in minutes.
the phone is so awesome and nice to use and i like the phone a lot thank you the proper delivary
Clean interface,smooth performance,great camera for the specifications.True value for money.
I bought this phone from amazon.in Its very good phone. In this price actually its really more configured. fast and furious.
I had to choose between some android phones about the same range and Lumia, I chose Lumia, Battery + , UI +, Speed/Response +, Apps + , Great built-in apps by Nokia. And like always Amazon gave the best price for the best product with punctual delivery ( for 2 day option ).
You can attach Office files using the Office Mobile app. PDF attachment is not possible with it. That is the drawback
Had a great experience in using this phone. I recommend it to every one bcoz it is the combination of NOKIA (Expert in Hardware) & Microsoft (Top in Software) Pros:- Microsoft Office Battery Life Sound Quality 8GB internal Memory for apps Snapdragon MSM8227 and Adreno 305 Never Lags like ANDROID and never uses much RAM Nice Camera quality but without Flash. Lumia Black Update Cons:- No Secondary Camera and Flash Less in apps. I require very less apps to use. Bcoz i am not interested in games much. All necessary apps are available for the platform. So, it is highly recommended to go for it at such low price with 2025Rs Gameloft games free.
Good phone... nice touch screen...really fast... recommend for low budget Windows phone
very good product but when I used WiFi or net the battery is not long lasting....
Great phone- windows is windows. We cannot compare this with any other brands.
This is my First Lumia phone. I had great expectation and it lived upto it
Got an absolutely untampered handset ..... Happy to have ordered...
good phone at great price dont buy if you dont know how windows works
It was amazing and also got for 6.5k. Amazon delivery also very good.
The real hardware and class of features, blindly go for it. It wins!
Performance is good. camera clarity is poor. also no front camera
Nice phone, but the service was average from the courier team .
Good mobile, key board is very good. Nice looking phone.
fantastic product by Nokia. Have fallen in love for it.
Single SIM, nice product,reached expectation..........
Received the Product Promptly and is working fine.
1 GB ram with windows 8 Vary good combination
Great value, dependable and serves my requirement
NOT ACCORDING TO DESCRIPTION.AND THE PHONE IS OK
it show some white spot lower part of screen
no laggigng. but battery drained too early
Phone is good. But windows is the problem
Its great to see Microsoft with Nokia
awsome phone bcoz this is nokia :) =D
The best phone for low end users.
Very nice mobile. good price also
nice phone for this price point.
This phone is perfect for someone like me. While I don't need a phone to be 'everything' else too, I would ocassionally like to stay connected to the net, check my mail or facebook, when my ipad is not at hand. This phone has all that I need, at a good price. Touch sensitivity is good, enjoy Windows, fairly decent photos, and unlike many nokias, decent selection of ringtones! I love it!
Good phone. Fast fluid performance. App store now has most of the popular apps. Gets even better after installing the Windows Phone 8.1 update. Swipe keyboard which is very good. Good camera ( in decent to low light conditions). 1 GB ram gives you access to the full app store. File manager in Windows phone 8.1. Cortana voice assistant. Good display. Nokia maps is good. Even Google maps is available via 3rd party Gmaps app which is very good. Windows Phone 8.1 update fixes most of the small loopholes that the earlier OS had and now feels like a solid well built, smooth and most importantly, a fresh and good looking OS! Most of the daily used apps like Whats-app, Facebook, Facebook messenger, Instagram, Foursquare are now available and others catching up. Even Internet Explorer 11 in the 8.1 update makes it a lot better and easier to use than the previous version.
I'm happy with product... the only comment I've is by receiving delivery got confused whether I had placed an order to homeshop18 OR to Amazon. The packing tape was carrying Homeshop18 sticker instead Amazon. Hope you will take care of this next time.
dont buy it getting heated up and battery is draining thrice while using 3g... It is opposite to lumia 520
Good Windows Phone For The Price Range. Nothing much to say about. Back Panel could have been of better quality plastic. Battery not for heavy usage.
1.The Themes are only Two. 2.we couldnt change the layout of displaying apps. 3.some apps which are more popular,doesnt have sopport by Lumia. 4.call blocking is not good. 5.Bluetooth settings are not sufficient. 6.But the performance is good .
Pros: Great touch experience, good camera, average battery back up and greatness of NOKIA product Cons: missing front camera, didn't felt the difference from 520(in terms of RAM) while playing heavy games. Overall good phone at this budget
This is really an amazing phone..Good price & many things on offer ..Cant ask for more.A head turner every where.
Its an excellent phone, super fast processor, excellent battery life, can run almost 2 days on a single recharge with WiFi Nice camera... Doesn't have flash or front camera, but how many times do we use front camera...? For flash, it can get nicer images without flash, too... Highly recommended to all those out there who r thinking to buy this phone
Best smartphone in this range
I'll start with the purchase and deliver convinence... Order this phone from amazon on 21st and it delivered on 27th this month. Slightly delayed and i think can be made better since living in big city should have turnaround time of 3-4 days instead of 7 days.. And Packaging of the product should be more shopasticated rather the way they delivered. Neverthless, it doesn't hamperd my eagerness towards this phone. :) and moreover, my device was in perfect condition. On the phone side, i like the phone look and it's light weight too. i get into the hands on with the device and i found it easy to use and superfast navigation, surfing etc.. though face issue with setting up microsoft account since it is required to download apps. But after some search n all i did the reset of the phone and try setting up account again and everything works smooth. No lag, tried with different application and all, call quality is good and touch is awesome(based on my hands on with different vendor smartphone) camera performance is good and don't see any issue.. there is a lot of apps on microsoft some of them are mandatory and others good to have.. i don't see any specific need of additonal apps as far i m concerned with usual activity. Camera quality is good without flash.. yeah u read it right.. so dn have any concern here. bettery life is good.. with reqular use and all, bettery last for more than a day and quite happey with that.. note that i haven't on the power saver mode.. Overall a good buy and for those people who are more concerned about the quality of apps than quantity and happy with windows environment, i'll recommend this phone to them.. cheers!!
good phone at right price.
Good but booring phone 
nice phone for the price.
great phone for the price
Gaming experience Good
An excellent product.
Exceptional phone
Battery Backup :(
excellent product
Nice I like it
Satisfied..:)
Very nice !!!
Good Product
First I would like to appreciate amazon for their quick delivery. It reached me within one and half days after ordering. The phone is only 3 days old. However, I found the charger is not working and the battery can only be charged after connecting to laptop. This is bizarre. Secondly, if you even use the device sparingly, it might definitely need a charge overnight, as the battery has the tendency to last around 12-14 h max. I am not sure whether the battery was also damaged beforehand or not. Finally, I decide today to return it to Amazon.
Good Worth
1. Phone Touch is Good. 2. There were no watsup. 3. No Front camera. 4. Tough to find any apps. 5. Micro Sim is not good. 6. Battery is Fine...not bad. 7. Head phones are hope less. 8. Finally look and feel is good
Good one
its good
its good
Best phone in this range I like it good picture quality & sharp screen but back is not as company says
Decent phone on the money. my only beef is that the accessories didnt meet my expectation..but that has nothing to do with the phone :-)
very disappointing service and sell defective product. no accuracy in work irresponsible employees. no feature of company. because lots of better product selling website in market. and give proper service compare to you.
Not a good Product which i Received it beacuse it have a Auido jack problem only left side speaker is working and over heating problem. please suggest me where i have to go for complaint seller to change the product or i have to go service center.
Its working condition ok but heating up very fast and I am slightly disappointed that,s all to say its ok.
beauty
Great
Nokia 525 is a small upgrade to the already popular Nokia 520.It has the same camera,same processor,same display and identical looks.There is one big notable difference though,520 only had 512MB ram,whereas 525 gets 1GB of ram. Pros Good built quality,interchangable glossy back panels. (520 had a matte finish back panel) Good Fluid UI Good touch response 8 GB Internal Memory + Sdcards upto 64GB is supported. The processor Qualcomm MSM8227 1 Ghz Dual-core processor and Adreno 305 GPU inside allows the phone to perform without any lags. The same processor/gpu combination is seen in Xperia M. 1 GB of ram, which means more games can be played now,but dont expect performance as good as in high end Lumia devices. Still it performs quite well without much issues. Cons No front camera NO LED FLASH. Small battery 1430mAH Gameloft Free Game Promotion Nokia is giving away some Gameloft games for free - 1. Asphalt 7: Heat,Modern Combat 4,N.O.V.A. 3,Order & Chaos,Asphalt 8: Airborne etc. Im not sure whether you could get this promotion on devices bought online since terms and conditions of this offer says "Buy a Nokia Lumia 525 from any authorized Nokia store in India during the offer period and get Gameloft Games worth INR 2025.. Offer will be valid at specific retail stores as per Nokia Discretion " This offer is valid till 31st March 2014 and is valid only for the select India mobile Operators i.e. Airtel India, Vodafone India, Aircel, Reliance Communications, Idea Cellular. Overall a good budget phone for Nokia and Windows lovers but priced a little higher.Probably this will come down in coming weeks or after the free games promotion period ends.
good
Hang
nice
good
good
GOOG
Frequent auto restart occur in mobile set. Poor performance of battery and it become completely dead in just two months.
1st increase battery backup. Battery not remain for 6 hour also. Give secondary camera also And add LED flash in that Also 8 gb memory is insufficient for this phone. so take care of this point and modify the phone as like that.
Does the job. Bad battery backup (one day on single charge) my only grouse
The initial screen itself looks awkward for one who has been using Symbian or Android OS. Interface seems to be pathetic. Only reason went for Nokia is for the battery backup. Not recommended for someone who has been using Symbian / Android OS.
there is no supporting from the amazone customer service representatives if we ask any help.I dont knw why they are doing like this
I have received damaged screen protector. Unhappy with the same but got no time to raise the issue. I won't recommend anyone.
No Flash No Front Camera.. I am not able to understdand the product strategy. even nokia phones in 4000-5000 rs range have LED flash and they are showcasing in ad... Really disappointed and hence looked for other options in 10k Range and there are many ....
