B00HZN4SXA
GIONEE P3 is a budget Android smartphone powered with a Mediatek 6582M quadcore processor. > Pros : Good Processor - Mtk6582M is a very good performer and at this price this is great. Android 4.2 jellybean Accelerometer, magnetic, light and proximity sensors Users can install or move apps on to the sdcard. > Cons : Bad viewing angles. No OTG support. 512 MB Ram only Battery 1700mAh battery can only last a day of moderate use. If you are a heavy user this cant even last a day. Gaming performance is great thanks to the quality processor it has. But the problem is, many high end games may crash due to less ram available. Also the viewing angles are not good which hinders gaming esp those games where you tilt the screen to perform actions. The camera quality is quite good for the price.It can record 1080P videos. Overall a good budget device with a few issues here and there. If this had 1GB of ram,this could have been considered as a good budget device.
It is one of the best budget phones for me.Bought it from a local store in July 2014 & it is giving me fantastic service still now. My frndz who bought Samsung phones of similar price complains about hanging.But this has not dissapointed me. Pros: Good battery life Decent picture quality for rear camera 512 MB RAM is efficient Cons: After rebooting, my home screen apps dissapear and I have to add them again in my home screen.(hence the 4 stars)
I wanted a phone that would look good, have a decent camera, and not heavy on my pocket. Camera: if you are somebody who wants a camera for uploading photos to Facebook, this eould br more than enough. The pictures are of decent quality. Using it for 3 weeks now. Appearance: external appearance is not in any way lesser than the branded ones. Browsing: as long as you are using it for android applications it works like a dream. But the moment you try for extensive web surfing the 512 MB ram problem shows insufficient RAM. But again for a price this low this phone works excellently. Battery: lasts for a decent duration , no complaints. VERDICT: Best phone in this price range.
Touch is sensitive and faster than other mobiles because it having quad core processor camera is really good but front camera is little poor having VGA
look OK performance GOOD with few applications, with more application speed decreses. battery backup QUITE GOOD signal strength :- GOOD over all OK, you just put a memory card to be inserted(atleast 2 GB) and make sure all setting will be in favor of card, and your phone will work like charm.
I am over all satisfied with the phone but totally dissatisfied with the service of Amazon who delivered me a BLACK phone against a white order
its a good phone with less cost but i got black color instead of white. but still worth buying this phone at amazon
Low RAM as well as bad phone life. Got hang after 6months of use. Its just waste of money. Front camera is not good. Buy any other good company phone.
Phone is really good,have problem with battery.it only sustained for 5-6 hour if use internet.but it is ok with this price range.touch screen is good.
IT IS A SUPPER FAST FONE .CAMERA AND BATTERY IS VERY GOOD.processor is too good.its display is best at this price .In market ITS PRICE IS 6500-6100.
by mistake supplier supply me black p3 but its ok i love it
So good no complaints very good and smooth phone .
You won't get a quad core smartphone at this price . Gionee is a good company and now has has many service centres in India ...this solves the trust problem that people like me had . The battery is not great enough for this battery consuming processor thats under its hood. Overall a value for money phone I am planning to buy.
Pros: * Bright, beautiful screen with vivid colours; excellent sunlight readability * Very good build quality and decent looks, perceivably better, if not equal to samsungs and host of other Indochina brands * VERY GOOD autofocus rear camera. Captures crisp, clear sharp images n videos with natural colour reproduction. Even low light captures are better than s duos 2. * Comes with fast quad core processor, all sensors, pretty decent touch, very good call quality, very low SAR rating * Accessories include silicon back cover, 2 scratch guards and data cable-cum-charger * Runs most running, driving, jumping graphic intensive games without lags Cons: * Not so great viewing angle, specially from top * Headphones pretty average; sound from phone speaker is decent, not great * RAM being 512, can't expect very high-end type performance * Battery backup could have been better, but still acceptable * Front cam is just average. * Reputed China brand, supported by an indian franchisee; service commitment level is untested, though they have very big network of white label service centres Summary: If you're interested in buying a smartphone with a good build quality, very good camera, more than decent performance and are ready to accept a slightly chunky device with minor quirks at a budget price-point, then go for it. Keep in mind that level of overall device sophistication is much better than Indochina brands but probably a notch lesser than a Samsung priced twice that of this device
Very nice budget mobile
So Far So Good....
good,the battery backup and ram is very low.so can't to get 24 hr in ma hand.expecially front camera very poor when night
Good
ok
