B00H7QO2SQ
Huawei Ascend Y511 is a budget device priced around 7K. Pros Good Dual Core Processor ( scores around 11000 in Antutu ) Close to stock Android Experience. 4.5 inch screen. IPS Display. Android 4.2.2 Jellybean. Cons 512 MB ram only. Poor Camera 1730mAH battery can only last a day of average use. If you are buying a phone just for using a few apps like facebook,whatsapp etc,this specs are more than enough.This could have been a good budget device if it had 1GB of ram. Unfortunately only 512 MB is on board,which means you might experience occasional lags here and there while playing games and switching between apps.
My requirements in a smartphone were fast internet browsing, dual sim and good battery backup. This phone comes with very good features for my use. Fully charged battery lasts for one entire day (24 hours). Internet on 2G is a lot better than its counterparts (Samsung, HTC, Micromax) Camera quality is not so good, but it wasn't my priority. Overall very good phone.
phone in working very good ....work absolute fine ... front camera works good 0.3 Back camera Very Bad....3MP Battery performance Not Very Good design Very cool Display ..OK Over All Product Is Good at Rs.6650 My Advice Buy Huawie Product
Overall phone is gud. But the major problem is that it will work slow with memory card of 8gb is used and card is full till 7gb. Another major part is this mobile reboot by itself while calling. This irritates a lot the user.
Works very nice. battery is absolutely super. touch response is unbelievable. it has very smooth soft touch. Only thing lack is service. I am from hyderabad, the serivce centre is too worst. But the phone hav good qualities
I found this phone having the best configuration at this price 6840 INR. But there's catch. How one could get all this at this price on this date. I've got my answer. Either the product has nothing do about &/or the manufacturer has nothing to care about - reliability and professionalism in product(s). In simple words, you get the product and most of the technical features in it but, suddenly if your phone slips of sweaty hands at say crowded streets or train station, you probably have to pick 3 pieces of your phone: battery, back cover and and the main phone part. No it would hardly break but dissembles no matter how tight you fix back cover. You don't expect this kind of things, either they use to break or they won't break. Inside you'll find 2 for sims and 1 microSD card slot. The setup is so cramped and weird that there is fair chance that you may need to open back cover and reposition the sim card sometimes, because the sim cards might slip a bit due to shocks and won't work. But, the microSD card slot was the worst. I have never found any device that doesnot "click-lock" to avoid slip and dropping off of this very important SD card memory. But this device was having the same slip sim card style slot. Who was the jerk who designed it and who approved it too?? When you turn on the phone, the internal software and OS was working good and fast and 512 MB was not found to be any issue. Battery lasted a day, no heating on charging. However, the picture and videos can be viewed clear and good only if the picture or video is of good resolution and good picture quality, otherwise may look worse. The lowest brightness of phone is too high, can't work on the phone at low or no lights, the brightness hits on eyes. Not good to work on this phone in dark. I didnot yet mentioned the Manufacturing DEFECT in THIS Phone. The microSD memory card slot was NOT Working. I had to return this product due to that. (Thank God!) Earlier few months ago I have had bought Unlocked Internet data card E303 of Huawei and in that I couldn't recognize that the 3G Wifi Hotspot feature was not working. After a month I found it but it wasnot that important to me, so I disregarded it and still bought this phone. Well! That was a bad idea. I donot recommend this product. I donot recommend Huawei products unless you have worked &/or used one already, better buy the same model. If you still buy, test it thoroughly within 5 days and return immediately if found any defect. Or choose other options especially those companies whose Headquarters NOT located in Shenzhen, China. Since, as per my personal analysis, companies from that area "usually" are "amateurishly managed" and so do their "products are unreliable", including software products too. Good Luck with Phone Shopping!
For the price, it is a fantastic phone and meets all my needs for affordable communication through 2G, 3G and internet. Only negative issue is the camera - which is not good - but I do not use my phone camera for taking digital pictures. And I am using it as an eBook reader as well - installed coolreader for android. No issue with the battery, which gives ample time of almost 36 hrs in between charging. And it is using Mini SIM which is the size generally available with all dealers in India. So no need to cut the SIM to convert to a MicroSIM, so my SIMs remain fully compatible with my normal mobile phones for use in emergency
Seriously first time i made mistake in selecting mobile phones. Very bad UI and user experience. Think before you buy.
Within a month of purchase ...there was a problem in display ,,,its a manufacturing defect ...worst quality from huawei....Better Go for known brands .....
I love Huawei and Amazon...Ascend y511 has all the features of 20k phones. Dont buy Karbonn,micromax,maxx,spice mobiles,they are just crap.
Android interface is cheeky.. screen is good.. doesnt work good while charging.. Camera plays the damp to this phone. good at this price point.. but dont expect too much..
Its a good smart phone but not a very good phone. But u can manage with that,overall performance and looks of the phone is too good at this price. O Its pure value for money.
excellent mobile
This is really a very excellent product from Huawei. It looks like very expensive Mobile like Samsung/HTC. - Price is very reasonable at Amazon - Huawei is the one of the best mobile manufacturing co. in the world. not rebranded like Micromax/Karbonn/Intex/Lava/Iball - Processor is very fast - All the apps runs very smooth - Music sound is very good - Display is crystal clear - RAM is 512k but there is no problem at all for running any apps. - Camera is the only average quality otherwise almost very good mobile. Its very good idea to buy Huawei instead of any expensive mobile like samsung/HTC/LG/Sony. Thank you
