B00HRVRFI0
Fast and safe shipping. Product as expected. The latest Windows Phone 8.1 update will make it more interesting. If you are looking for a budget Windows Phone go for Nokia Lumia 525.
Its awesome phone.. good battery nice n cirsp images.. funky color body I love nokia nd the style they introduced was copied by iphone 5c
Nokia windows phone is not too bad. Yes, it looks similar to our laptop or PC and gives us same feelings. In the price band, its worth buying this phone.
Performance is good and you feel good to have in hand. However Battery life is not impressive. Doesn't last for a day at least, even though you don't run more applications.
Performance is good with the 1gb ram. but battery drains fast. battery not even lasting for one day on normal use.
It's been more than 2 week and I havn't experience any Lagging or issue with Nokia L-525. It's a great phone. Camera Quality is Fine, it got 1GB RAM so go on GAMERS... No Lagging while playing or switching btw apps..!!! 100% recommended
I already decided to buy lumia even though many of us criticised in many ways about it. (prominent reason I never like android). After searching various models , comparing with others product and calculating my needs I stamped on lumia 525. The First thing about phone is its Very handy. best to operate with fingers reaching all corners. and last thing is it works very smoothly. Between this all is there. Having 1 GB RAM is good enough for carrying all work load for this lumia. New software release Denim gives us more attractive functions and easy access from anywhere in system. uploading & downloading gets easier. People may have their choices but I think I got my best lumia.
This phone could have been better with a flash and in built support for all video files. 10 times better than android phones which lag no matter how high priced and hardware loaded they are. The software of this phone has sone glitches in explorer when watching videos online, screen goes blank and explorer crashes. But there are other options to it. 4 star because Cortana does not do as great job as expected. I thought it would be like J.A.R.V.I.S from ironman but that's not a real thing. Cortana will get there in few years I hope.
The product has got a lot of software problems and not upto the mark. I will never buy it online again. Even the battery back up is not satisfactory. Kindly replace it.
Most third class smart phone I have ever seen. 1. Camera switch is not working properly. 2. Touch is not working sometime. 3. Nokia care will not entertain with any problem what you have bought from amazon. 4. Don't buy this phone It is waste of money.
Awesome phone for the price. Never had any lag. Running smoothly and the touch screen is awesome. Impressive features like auto-brightness. A fine camera. The smart cam app is a good one. One negative is the battery, it's drains out quickly when using internet.
Nice windows phone for starters, came from moto-g but 525 looks better nice and fluid, with 8.1 update you can do almost everything as in android it made the phone user friendly... overall cool budget phone..
the overall look and feel of this phone is good.1 gb ram provides really good performance.only issue is the battery.drains really fast even in normal use.may be help of a power bank can solve the problem.
lumia 525 is surely an awesome product..it provides such a stable OS that i really loved using it than an android phone... nokia music app is too good if u r a music lover it provides u fast n free access to any music! and ya the 5mp camera is really worth the price..i suggest go for nokia lumia phones if u prefer long term use n stable OS,ofcourse battery back up too met my expectations.
its performence is good.we can download many apps from windows store.Provides value for our money.one need not suspect anything about this
Sexy device for its price. Poor battery though.. Tad bit pricier than the new moto E, but.. Better cam Than Moto.. So, over all great entry phone
Back shell was feel like cheap made material compared to Lumia 520 and 525 store version. In store retail version there is a punched mark of NOKIA logo on plastic shell, but the one I bought from online is a painted logo of NOKIA rather than original punched type logo. but it doesn't matter, the phone is cool enough for me.. and I am giving five star for Windows phone, big fan.
got this product @8532 the best price in all online stores ..many people written about the features of the product ,so not required to repeat
wats app is problematic with lumia 525. Sound effects are not gud, remaining other features are gud. Samsung duos is better for the same price
i was an android user.now shifting to windows.powerful phone.asphalt8 works smoothly.no lags.no delay. high battery backup. only disadvantage is windows store has only less applications compared to ma previous andriod..... final coment for gaming lovers,battery backup lovers,no lag lovers this phone is best just go for it...
Bought Nokia Lumia 525 white in Amazon. Packaging was GOOD. Received Mobile, Data-cable, Charger and HeadPhone. For Mobile case, we have to buy separately. Performance was good since 1GB RAM. Nice one, value for money :)
Good looking phone with a budget friendly price....it a good buy ...dont hesitate...and probably will get a new update of windows 8.1...actually its a girlish phone...My sis is happy
One of the best smartphones. Touch is smooth no lags you can sync all mails, use ms office 365 xbox games r too gud- free, trail & paid overall gud experience Got it in one day... from Sangeeta mobiles through mobigene and delivered by Amazon. See no phone is 100% perfect, it all depends on your needs. Dont go by craze for new things, go by long term ultitlty. Nokia & Microsoft r reputed brands and Nokia lumia is in gud demand even though with tough competition from andriod. Best buy below 9000.
The Mobile is Awesome.. No lags ... :D smooth ui nd awesome touch awesome camera but would love if it had a flash....!! BAng for Your Buck
Good phone at this price. crisp call quality. long lasting battery. screen smudges easily, and display isn't sharp. recommended if you are a window phone lover.
worth buying...great phone at this price..a must buy..nice and good works smoothly...nice camera..way lot more applications than android world..really happy
no lag fast response !! nice design ... even lots of apps in store..superb!!... I definitely suggest this one to all who live budget windows phone
the phone is really awesome with windows 8 upgradable to 8.1. very fast. beautyful looks. easy to use.... no more android... wimdows is the best
was delivered in 2 days time ! and its a nice mobile wen i bought it ..it was 9084 ..its worth the price with a 1 gb ram speed
Nokia 525 is a small upgrade to the already popular Nokia 520.It has the same camera,same processor,same display and identical looks.There is one big notable difference though,520 only had 512MB ram,whereas 525 gets 1GB of ram. Pros Good built quality,interchangable glossy back panels. (520 had a matte finish back panel) Good Fluid UI Good touch response 8 GB Internal Memory + Sdcards upto 64GB is supported. The processor Qualcomm MSM8227 1 Ghz Dual-core processor and Adreno 305 GPU inside allows the phone to perform without any lags. The same processor/gpu combination is seen in Xperia M. 1 GB of ram, which means more games can be played now,but dont expect performance as good as in high end Lumia devices. Still it performs quite well without much issues. Cons No front camera NO LED FLASH. Small battery 1430mAH Gameloft Free Game Promotion Nokia is giving away some Gameloft games for free - 1. Asphalt 7: Heat,Modern Combat 4,N.O.V.A. 3,Order & Chaos,Asphalt 8: Airborne etc. Im not sure whether you could get this promotion on devices bought online since terms and conditions of this offer says "Buy a Nokia Lumia 525 from any authorized Nokia store in India during the offer period and get Gameloft Games worth INR 2025.. Offer will be valid at specific retail stores as per Nokia Discretion " This offer is valid till 31st March 2014 and is valid only for the select India mobile Operators i.e. Airtel India, Vodafone India, Aircel, Reliance Communications, Idea Cellular. Overall a good budget phone for Nokia and Windows lovers but priced a little higher.Probably this will come down in coming weeks or after the free games promotion period ends.
Great value for the price. Good specs make the phone responsive and Nokia has better store now compared to the symbian one.
IT'S AWSOME AND I LIKE IT BETTER,IT IS WORTH THE MONEY,IT HAS MORE APPS NOW,WINDOWS 8.1 IS COMING AND CYAN ALSO
Nice working good from 1 month... Gud for gaming, doesn't hangs.... Satisfied with product...
The best budget phone in India. Windows OS is simply awesome !!! Safe packing, estimated delivery. :)
Major apps of Androids are missing. There are multiple options available in same price range
this time deleivery was little bit late but as always before due date thanku amazon
It's a great entry level Windows phone and got it at a good price of 6190. Thanks to amazon.
everything is good but the ph. is getting heated too much is there any solution for dis???
Best in terms of Value for money. why would you want to buy a 30k+ phone at all. Very Happy
Need Time To understand the system. Updates only when battery saver is turned OFF.
I buy nokia lumia 525 in white ......and I want to replace it and to buy samsung core 2
It'a a super cool phone ... supports every app except compass ... <3
Amazing phone under 10000/-.and service is also good...no complaint...
Nokia lumia 525 phone is a good piece. Amazon service was good.
Very very good mobile. Nokia 525 I got it for just 5000 only
The unfortunate thing with this phone was: it broke! And it broke bad. And it broke within 15 days of receiving it. So, about 10K went down the drain making me super sad. Did I like the phone during those 15 days? I am not certain. I would give windows phone OS a pass. Between android and ios, you have all the platforms and apps you would need. Windows phone OS seems like an unnecessary person still hanging around after the party is over. If you don't own it, don't buy it.
Cheapest and best windowsphone but tends to heat up.
Though I like Lumia over Android phones, but the phone which I received from amazon seems to have some issues. Many times person at the other end cant listen to my voice clearly. First I thought that this could be a network issue but later I realized that its the problem of my mobile. Also quite a significant times, call drops in between abruptly. Seems like buying a phone from online retailer was a mistake.
excellent value for money, touch screen is smooth
Screen is not good it has mild scratches in it.
Good but Courier tracking is need to improve
good ph....... working good.......
Useless except for internet & whatsapp
The Quality of the Product was really bad, and was not same as it was displayed in the Website. I order for a Nokia Lumia 525 (White) flip cover but I was given a 520 cover wit last digit "0" erased from the cover.
Awesome Phone & Awesome Service
while you play any of game in this cell phone it starts heating up and culminate to such point that you can not hold it further and you to drop out from game in between,
Apart from the fact that Lumia 525 has no flash or front facing camera, there is nothing else to complain. It has a cool look. Games run smoothly without any lag or frame-rate issues. You'll get 4.48gb of phone memory to use. So u should use at least 8 or 16 gb memory card with it.
Good phone for gaming. POOR battery,lasts for only 8 hrs with high wifi usage. camera not upto expectations. Good editin options though. overall pretty gud budget phone, if u r ready to sacrifice the battery and flash.
Nice Mobile Thank To Microsoft
Very good mobile at good price
Excellent product for price
This is my third Lumia, moved on to WP from Symbian with Lumia 520 just to get the feel for the OS, before moving upto to Lumia 820. WP8 is very good at top end and also at low end,not afraid to say Nokia is giving the best smartphone experience at low end compared to any adroid, I haven't faced any issue regarding the speed on 520 nad two days with 525 it seems a good jump and the right move. WP already is smooth on 512MB devices and now the move from Nokia to upgrade the ram to 1Gab at this price point is really great move, and since its launch in 2012 windws phoneand nokia have reduced the app gap,difference between android and ios. Sure it still has some distance to go but its one of the most refined OS experience. Now coming to this awesome piece of hardware Nokia should be praised to give such a VALUE FOR MONEY smartphone experience, its a must try for first time jumpers to smartphone and also for those who all are tired of laggy Android and non responsive touch screen. Nokia did a commendable job by provding the same touch responsiveness to all its Lumia series. One issue that 520 faced was apps which were not released for 512MB devices, but upgrade to 1Gb is a really good one. Camera is good it lacks flash but it is way ahead of the same price point andorids(india+Chinese make) and iOS can't compete at this price point. As for the value for money and the butter smooth smartphone experience this new Lumia 525 provides I would like to rate it 5 out of 5. Happy shopping.....
On time and good quality!!
Hi, I am writing my review after using Lumia 525. One of my family members has got Lumia 520 so I have used that also after updating to Windows 8.1. Lumia 525 is clearly superior to 520, the biggest reason being the 1 GB RAM. Earlier this may not have been a big issue. However after the update of Windows 8.1 I have experienced occasional lags in Lumia 520. Also, I have experienced WhatsApp closing automatically in Lumia 520. I would expect the same problem also in the newer phones with 512 MB RAM such as Lumia 530 and 630. Lumia 525 always runs smoothly without any lags / app closings. These newer phones also don't have proximity sensor. SAR value is also very high in these new phones. For these reasons, I think that the Lumia 525 is a better choice. And with the Diwali discount offers, this phone offers terrific value for money ! Just go for it !
Gud quality product ...
hangs most of the time
nice product delivery
Nokia is the best
Small and good looking phone But battery back up is less than 1 day even without net Windows OS is good But there is no good apps as in Android No good file manager, E book readers. We cant move or copy files between phone and SD card or even see files in the phone Even to add a ring tone we should connect to Computer Data cable is very short No call button in the headset Its an average phone, Not for an advance user. U can't compare with an Android phone
Very Nice Mobile
Superb phone!!!
Nice phone...
good Product
worth buying
I purchased Lumia 525 from Amazon.in. Wasnt quite happy as the phone was with an improper 3.5 mm jack. I had to give it to service to realize that the phone is damaged and that it wouldnt be covered in my warranty. I had to pay 350 to get the jack soldered. If i had got the same from some store, this issue would ve been avoided. Completely unhappy.
Got it only after 2 weeks. worst online experience I ever had in online. Plz consider before buying from this store
good phone
nice cell
Awesome
Good ok
its ok
I got it working good..., this product satisfies me... its built in is good.., nice mobile in Good price ... a good performer
I have putchased this for my friend and he is seeking for a phone which is at low cost and good quality. Thus its fullfilled by amazone
Nice
Bolo
good
Good
i just want to know that if we buy this phone from the amazon did we get the warranty card..
totly wast oftime and wast of money
Nokia needs to develop the VPN networking in Windows Phone. But in other terms it is a great phone. Love it.
supar
its service is better and product is also good. and it is user friendly better then android phone. thank you.
