B00H4WL15U
This is one fantastic phone which is exceptional in case of battery performance. If any one needs a smart phone for serious internet usage then just go for it blindly. Touch is really nice...I am using this phone now for almost 3 months..I have played games, almost 24x7 internet usage, videos, music and all that ...jazz which one can imagine on a phone..the result is just phenomenal. This is an excellent device and you cant find anything better with this price tag..so go for it.
Camera (both rear and front) could be a lil better. otherwise this phone is pretty nice for general purpose android user.
Overall Performance Is Good. More than Satisfied for What i Paid (Rs.7400 in Amazon). Pros: 5" Screen 1GB RAM Battery BackUp (Including Wi-Fi, GPS, SYNC, 50% Brightness) - Solidly 1 and 1/2 days Extendable 32GB Memory Rich White color. 5MP Rear & Front Facing Camera Cons: Internal Storage - 2GB (Almost i'm using 25 of the Medium sized Apps and having didn't face any problem in memory. if 2GB is increased to 3 or 4 it will be very good. It is the suggestion to Micromax) Viewing Angle - Facing this problem while Playing Some Games.(It doesn't matter for me) Over all i'll give 4.6 Stars.
Excellent piece(Micromax Canvas Juice A77) delivered by Amazon & Gadget store from Banagalore. But the delivery date was not expedited even after multiple requests to Amazon customer care. Though i've opted for free delivery, there is no need to wait for 7 business days. Amazon should work on it. Apart from that everything is fine, especially battery back up of the mobile is awesome & camera quality is ok. No cell heating issues even after continuous usgae like playing games, 3G etc.. I would like to order one more Micromax canvas piece thru Amazon, waiting for best deals! Thanks!
I have a problem with touch screen within 5 months. Their authorised service centers do not have spare parts i.e. replacment touch screen. They ask me come there place order wait for 8-10 days and then take back my mobile. They do not stock spare parts. Lot of inconvenience. 10 days for something that can be done in few minutes. poor service. Regret buying.
It was very good smartphone under 8000 I used that in a hardway it good proceing seed but my bad luck some one theft my cell in bus I feel very bad but canvas a77 is good can u flz try to trace my cell are plz lock that IME number
satisfied with its performance ,only its loudspeaker should be little more louder, rest no lagging it has smooth touch and better screen resolution. After all its 8 k budget phone so its complete package for new android users.
The handset is good but few times the system was hanged.
It is getting frequently switch off. Micromax Customer care not responsive. Always busy. Not satisfactory performance. I would not suggest it
In range of this price this product is really good. 5 MP Camera, 1 GB RAM, Jelly Bean OS, it makes better. Only thing is that only one SIM is supporting 3G net. Overall it is good in range......
i got this mobile 15 days ago. it is working nicely - more than the expected level. camera is good but not equal to samsung, sony with the same pixels otherwise ok. nice product from micromax
good mobile phone, 1gb, RAM, 3000 Battery, value for money thank u, amazon the rate of phone is increasing in online, if u want to buy please check price every day.....
Gr8 battery stand by time no drain of battery u can use it 2 days very easily good performance overall with nice 5" display
Every thing is OK but only nagetive is openig of back cover. But overall performance of this phone is exlent.
this is very nice smart phone. I like it. I give5 star today in market This is the best cell phone
Good battery backup of more than 24 hr of regular use.A good choice but is available in white colour only.
Mobile is good at this cost also got with Citibank offer so icing on cake..would request amazon to come up with such offers regularly I am a frequent buyer of flip kart but now I do refer amazon... So keep the good work..
Wonderful Mobile!!!! t it is performing well. Battery life is good. This cell was recommended to me by my friend I have also read the reviews then i bought this cell. Best mobile within this range.
Smart phone, Big Screen, Good price.....the 3000mAh Battery & the 1G Ram are the Stars on this phone!!! Thank you Micromax!!!!!
good product for moderate user. but somehow I found my ear phone is faulty!!! moto X is a good alternative.
Thanks Amazon.in & Seller Very Nice Mobile ; Smart phone, Smooth Touch, Big Screen, Good Price.....the 3000mAh Battery & the 1G Ram are the Stars on this phone!!! Thank you Micromax!!!!
Don't buy any mobile in amazon they were supplying fault phone becarefull so go for Home shop 18 friends its not a request its real fact
Micromax A77 is very good mobile in 7.5 K range. But it has a one problem that i suffered is default memory problem. In A77 default memory can not be transfer tocard
This phone is fantastic. Batterybackup is too good. Front camera should be 8 Mp, then this phone ll be competent of Galaxy... The best part is battery....
I think everyone must buy anything after reviewing remarks. it made easier for me to judge.also I watched the advantage as well as the disadvantages.
good response good packing good price you enjoyed you're shopping and u find some great deal you lve it t
Excellent value for money. All features as expected. Weight could have have been little less. Great phone, perfect for the purpose.
It usually reboots when a call comes after a long sleeping period otherwise its a nice product. Its battery backup is marvelous.
JUICY AS NAME INDICATES I LIKE ITS DESIGN NICE PRODUCT WITH WORTHY PRICE NICE CONFIGURATION WORTHY TO BUY IT. ,
Front cam was lemon...Other than this no issues. Micromax should take care in providing defect free product to the customers.
amazing product for amazing price.very much satisfied.amazon's shipment was awesome.the speed of the phone is excellent
This is a very good product. 5 stars to this product. Hope to see many more developments further. Good going .
Cam is not much good..and hands free is not at all ok sound is not clear.I need it to change by company store.
So far so good. currently not using much, will be in a better position to comment when use it full fleged.
I Really had superb deal for this product! Thanks to Amazone for Nice product at moderate cost!
Dont buy, because the ear speaker sound is very faint so also the mouth speaker is the same
I bought this phone yesterday for my mother who wanted a big screen phone for pictures and video function. This is a very good smartphone with all the functions expected in a smart phone. Great on performance, looks stylish. need to check battery backup but hope 3000Mah will do just fine. Android 4.2.2 is smooth. Touch has no problems and works super fine. Camera has flash however image quality could be better for a 5 megapixel. Daylight pictures or when using flash, the camera performs really good. Overall a nice phone with a budget.
after making such a master piece for commoners...they had to pant it white....arggh
Its value for money product touch is better than other brands .... i have used..
Excellent Phone bought from Amazon at the lowest cost and speediest delivery.
am used my mobile since 2 months mobile so good there is no drawbacks still.
i want to buy it again but on emi if possible please revert back to me.
nice fone, nice battory bakup. but i travel 35 km to reciv parsal
first i had doubt then its service was really good. i like it really.
I am happy to buy this set and fell good no problem to set and bettry
i liked its features.. and price.. but here price is little bit higher, coz on other websites it is 7999 RS.. otherwise mobile is best
Performance is still under observation but some was good
Worth the Money & Good ! Need to have more Colours .
Micromax service is very bad....highly disappointed
Good phone.. Recd neetly packed condition
camera is very poor like vga.. cost wise ok..
I love this phone......toooooo Gooooood..
its really a best cell phone for all .
Gud Product battery is gud with backup
It's good experience.deal with you
Not working as per my expectation.
Amazon is best site to buy who ensure the quality and cooperation. Moreover, awesome phone for kids and for normal use like gaming, internet 3G, MUSIC, calling. Fantastic phone within budget. Good going Micromax
Very nice phone. Worthy.
Its worth for the price.
phone is too good.but sometimes its touchpad hans while playing
Nice Features...
its good.
said 3000 mag battery .. but not lasts more than 24 hour said 5 mp camera but nokia's 3 mp better than this and also internal memory fake (ram/rom)
Ok
i am happy for this mobial this mobial is full fil my requriment thannn nnnnnnn nn nnnnn nnn nnnnnnn nnnnnnnnn
