B00IXCYSB4
Iris 405 Plus is a budget smartphone from Lava priced at Rs 5999 as of this writing. The looks of the phone is good. but like any other budget device,this too come with a lot of flaws. I would strongly recommend you to buy a better quadcore 1GB ram device around Rs 10000 than settling for this device. Some notable issues 1) 1.3 GHz Dual Core Processor and Only 512 MB Ram - if you are gonna use this phone for just a few apps like Whatsapp,Facebook etc,you may find this combination sufficient. Not suitable for high end gaming,but can play some basic games though.Expect lags often while multitasking. 2) Camera quality is just below average and its a fixed focus one. Without auto focus,its hard to get good blur free images. 3) Battery backup can be an issue as it only packs a 1400mAh battery. 4) Back cover lacks grip - slippery. My recommendation is to consider devices like Xolo Q700i,Canvas Turbo Mini, Canvas 2.2 A114 etc rather buying this budget device as those,even though priced a few thousands more,gives good performance.
If you're looking for a stylish phone with good grip then you're on the right way. I was amazed by the thickness and looks of this phone. Pros: Good Battery backup around 1 day with normal use 9.0 mm thick awesome design good grip camera is nice Cons: 512 MB of RAM sometimes lag while multitasking Overall, I would like to suggest you to buy it if you're bound to this budget and interested in good looking stylish phone.
I am able to make voice calls from viber with clarity. apps can be moved to external sd card. Comes with a protective body cover. nice looks and quality can install skype,viber, watsapp,fb,and plenty more. battery backup is nice too according to one's usage.
Over all very happy with Iris. Back cover and screen guard came free, what a nice surprise. Nice build and I love the textured metallic grey finish on the back which seems to be made of strong fiber. 406Q is here now and X1.
Wonderful performance useful worth it Actually I decisions buy Samsung phone change of mind buy this immediately
if you wanna good phone for a cheap price, consider this one as one of the option.. I really like it..
Good phone for the budget. Gives all basic features required. No flaws found, even after usage of 1 month.
Good product and its worth for money
Super really exalent mobile
GOOD ONE TO PURCHASE...
its nice.. worth it :)
Nice budget phone....
Great....
Good
