B00IKC6VQW
everything is looking good except camera quality..camera in dis device to shoot only in day time not in the night..very bad condition of camera..take a look about the camera
There is no pic of the black phone online. You can see a video at [...] I purchased this phone in stunning Black from another marketplace & got it delivered on February 15. From design & hardware perspective, this phone is a class leader at it's price in most aspects. But Xolo has ruined the Android experience. Design & Hardware Pros : Overall the phone feels to be of a much higher price range * Zero Panel Gaps. Brilliant non joint smooth metal casing between front & rear panels. * Stunning chrome finish embossing of the logo on the rear. Premium colour finishing of the front & rear panels. * Only phone at this budget with Dual SIM 3G support which is not even found in Sony Xperia C or Moto G. Feature not mentioned in actual specifications, found in the Network settings on the phone. * Clever integration of Earpiece(top) & mic(bottom) with dual front speakers, closing hard to clean large dust accumulation locations. * Better Camera & Bright LED : LED compared with A500s illuminates well at about 3m as a functional emergency torch in case of a night power outage. Compared with A500S a shot in pitch dark *INTERIORS* does a fair capture. Design & Hardware Cons : Some slight niggles * Confusing fragile Sim 1 Mini, Sim 2 Micro & Micro SD slots integrated together, without a push to release option making it hard to release sim cards. * No Magnetometer which is needed for navigation. (Generally not found in this price range. Xolo missed an ace) * No back lighting of hard touch buttons. Xolo has fudged up with the stock Android build of A500S (version 4.2.2) in a very disgusting manner for this phone, copying Samsung (and indirectly Apple) interface. The settings screen is all messed up, & if you are used to stock android & never used crap Samsung interface, then you will feel miserable. It could easily run stock Android 4.3.1, giving Xolo another ace at this price point but instead they have goofed up by doing useless customizations. Software Cons : (No software Pros, it is so bad) * Removed option to disable incoming calls from contacts you want to block. Forced to install an app for this. * Cant use Google Now voice calling as there is no way to choose a default sim out of the two sims & thus each time you use Google Now to call/text, eventually you will have to use touch again to choose the sim to use. * Cant remove multiple calls or messages threads simultaneously. You have to delete each separately or delete all. No option to do multi select like stock Android. * Cant see multiple numbers of a contact when using T9 smart typing to find name. Only first number is callable.You have to go to contacts listing to choose other numbers. As mentioned in the next point even that is screwed. * If you use custom contacts display option from Android, the Xolo customizations are a bummer. I like to keep only a few contacts displayable for WhatsApp on my phone, as I don't want to cram my WhatsApp list with the large amount of numbers I have. You can still choose custom contacts listing from different accounts, but what happens is that, now when you want to call one of the non displayed Google contacts with multiple phone numbers as mentioned above, they are not searchable by typing any more. So you have to enable them for listing, just for that brief period of time you want to call them infrequently. * Removed roaming indicator from notification bar, thus leading to confusion with sim identification. I use 2 Vodafone connections from 2 different states. Xolo has removed the option to rename or color code the sims present in stock Android, instead adding a tiny icon to identify the sim for the incoming call. The sim cards just register with the name of the service provider by default & that can't be changed. * Data usage monitor has been completely removed. Navigation bar data usage indicator is no longer linked to the active data sim. This leads to major confusion when you want to use the nifty 3G switching feature as, you have to double check the data sim being used with no direct indicator. * The Xolo Power App just reads the defaults, the Android interface in Settings already provides, which have been disabled from there, & repackaged as bloatware. Xolo has removed the option to see simple things like Battery % on navigation bar itself & instead the app has to be fired up to see the exact battery level each time. Xolo has ruined the basic phone features of Dual Sim Call/SMS completely. These can possibly be recuperated by installing additional apps, but then why would you want to drain your battery with those. Overall, because of the immensely superior design & hardware at such a low price range, I would still give the Phone a 3/5 for a pathetic software bloat.
This phone is available in market at a price Rs.6500. I have been using this phone over a month the phone has equivalent performance as XOLO A500s IPS. PROS: --------- 1. Great touch. 2. You can play games like subway surf, temple run, 8ball Pool, Candy Crush etc without any lags. 3. Amazing performance with skype, 3g Calling. 4. XOLO secure is quite helpful software as it helpds in backing up phone and protects against theft. 5. It has hidden cleaning software which you can open by holding the back button and press clean task, so avoids installation of addidtional 3rd party software for this purpose. 6. Speaker sound is simply great. 7. Camera quality is good with quite useful software features. Cons: ---------- 1. Battery backup is less as compared to XOLO A500s IPS 2. Device slightly heats up while playing games. 3. Poor camera performance Verdict ------------- Better go for Redmi 1s, Lenovo A6000 , Honor Holly or Moto E. Much better performance and specs in this price !!
The mobile is good and it is working very well. The response of the processor and RAM is amazing. I could play most of the games and it has no too much of lag and works fine. The thinness of the mobile is attractive and most of my friends fell in love with the mobile. The most disadvantage is the XOLO headset which is not good, so i use skullcandy. People who have 5 or 6K in hand and looking for a good mobile then please go for this one. The Best one for a LOW Price !! :) :)
Good looking..weight less..wit advanced features..but its camera quality is very poor..both front and back,not like 5MP,looks like VJ camera..better go for branded ones by investing few hundreds more..
Nice mobile with such a low price but dont buy the flip cover its china product and has many scratches on flip cover mobile is great
The phone has been received in good condition. However, it starts to heat up (in the rear camera area) whenever it is used/switched on. I don't know why. The camera quality is very poor. It doesn't have 5 MP quality, I doubt.
I ordered the same phone for my mom and dad. I ordered a white phone for my mom and this one for my dad. My dad is very happy with this phone although he was very apprehensive about using a touch phone in the beginning. But now he is very comfortable with this phone and very happy
+ for slim phone + 4.2.2 + Phone internal memory + Display + Customize OS - Battery - Sound Loudness Overall it is good experience in this price..
No complaints what so ever. For the price and for the features mentioned its great. I bought this phone for my mother but i end up using it longer. So what if it isn't a huge brand. It is worth beyond what you pay for it. Way beyond what you pay. Micromax turbo and this work the same.
Never Purchase Xolo Phone Because It use less I have Purchased Xolo Q500 but I am not getting Battery in Services Center and In Online Website So I have vasted My Money .......Not Purchase...............Scrap... My Mobile is Dead from last 8 Month....I am from Kanpur City
The processor speed, the competitive pricing is good as compared to the comparative market of Micromax, samsung, but the camera quality is not good. Even being a 5 Mp camera, a 2 Mp camera of Samsung / 1.3 Mp camera of Sony Ericsson is better than that of this.
Thanks for the product. Only problem is battery does not last long.
If somebody asks me to rate Xolo on a 0/5 scale, sorry to say I would rate it a 0. I regret the day I decided to buy Xolo. In fact I had gone to the showroom to buy a Samsung (brand I have been using for the last 2 decades) and got so carried away by the sales executive of a local Xolo dealer that I decided to for a change buy a Xolo. I was super excited when I saw an offer on Amazon for Xolo Club 500 and went ahead and placed an order for the phone. The phone looked impressive but 15 days after the purchase, I started having problems with the power and one day it went dead. I took it to the service center in Trivandrum, Kerala, and was told there is a problem with the battery but will have to wait for another 10 days to get it replaced since the service center in Trivandrum is not yet officially opened (they have just signed a contract with Xolo). Which means I have been able to use the phone only for 15 days. Purchasing the Xolo club 500 has been more than a headache for me and never will I ever recommend a Xolo to any of my friends or family. I am now seriously thinking of going to the consumer court.
i took mobile one month before the mobile asks to update it we say yes na , u can bad features like bad camera quality,slow applications,low battery, worst music quality and so many, kinldy iam suggesting u not to purchase this mobile. after giving service also same service
its goods deal compare to other smart phone, bettery life is ok around 4 hr. (if use continuously). screen resolution also fine and touch is better overall its nice phone at chepesr rate. 4 GB internal, 512 RAM, Android 4.2
Why i purchased this Xolo A500 smart phone.is weight less attractive more option than other smart phone. less price when compare to the shops. No time required to spent for shopping.
Xolo A500 Club is really a price worthy product. Touch quality is as better as samsung or sony ericcson. Battery Back up should have better. Xolo will be surely a tough competitor in indian mobile market.
Mobile is awesome, the only thing is camera... capturing picture is very poor... , video capturing is fine.. not so good/bad. exclude camera then every thing is fine with the range of product.
picture quality is not good and earphone also not good
recevied on time. packing was awesome. happy with the purchase. R E N O Y S A M U E L
I like the design,thickness and weight. Problem is some unwanted apps that make system slow and taking battery. I am unable to charge fully. Irritating the speed.
not as expected, i tought it would be goooooooood , but i dont like it, srry 2 say but its bad 1
very smoothly i love it very slim clear voice clarity is very nice but i dont like name xolo s
Excellent mobile and good service and you provide good discounts ...thanking you...continue always this offers. we are always enjoy with your shopping...
camera and video capture quality very bad and rest of all futures okay. it's worth for price.if buyer comprises on video and camera then better to buy this product
at this price no doubt this is the best phone but if u want to take nice indoor pics from ur phone then this is not at all the phone ur r looking for
Hi amazon thank you very you provided the best and fastest service in india... Amazon has given free gift for me its foot ball.. i feel happy instead of food if they offer me flip cover for that mobile... Any way such a wonder full service provided by you thanku thanku very much...
.so many features in it.I really enjoy it.when I used other phones I wouldn't got an satisfaction..but xolo makes believes....
i am using this phone from last two weeks..and i am having no problems.. only the camera which says 5 mega pixels rear.. but the clarity is not upto the mark.. games are running good..for rs..5430 i think this phone by xolo can challege any budget phones in the market the best thing i likes about the phone is the looks and the weight which is very handy and comfortable.. overall..the phone is nice..
Don't compare with others. Just see the price tag and what are you getting for this measly price. Pros : Great looks. Sturdy build. IPS screen !!! Decent sound. Flawless OS. Cons : Camera is fixed focus. Not too good. But for this price, you have to live with it. Definitely recommend within this price bracket.
excellent service by amazon model is very good
Good designing but sometime hanging at this price i am satisfied with this product recommitting lower budget smart phone users
The features in the phone are worth for money. But I am having some problems with the phone - phone sometime hangs, not able to use the phone while charging (swipe is not working), showing wrong battery indications sometimes. Recently I am seeing a patch on the screen (a purple line in the midddle of the screen). My advise is don't go for this phone if you are planning for long term use.
Phone is very good But donot buy it from Amzaon ... you will never get your product on time .. but delay with 4 -5 days .. with the pathetic service of Amazon ... FlipKart is better than this .. wahiyat service provider ....
in low price expirience the full entertainer smartphone , without hanging , super camera experience in DAYLIGHT , good battry backup
Well & Good cellphone, Some fuction not work upto the mark. yet it is good cellphone on this price.Battery Should be more power full.
Tends to hang up a bit. Otherwise everything is ok. Nothing to rave about. Good at its price range. Ok.
NICE ANDRIOD PHONE ON MIN BUDGET I NICE APPLICATIONS .FINE THAN YOUNICE ANDRIOD PHONE ON MIN BUDGET I NICE APPLICATIONS .FINE THAN YOU
Really good phone, value for money. All features working as expected. Few software like Skype and other widely used could have been preloaded.
good mobile feature and a low cost good experience, i like it very much . Look of mobile very good
Definatly a low power gadget. UI is over moded and could not find any purpose of such poofedup UI yet. The overlay video functionality is a Marvel. U can watch a video as well watsapp your friends. Many high end gadgets don't have that perk. Flash is cheap. Really cheap. Bought it for 5350/- So , fair deal I guess.
Smooth functioning and good value for money... Battery back up is also up to the mark,., best in this category.
I purchase set in amazon bfor one month. Its sound quality is gud but loudness is low.others all perfectly working.
low touch sensitivity bad caliberation low camera clarity more apps required no main menu otherwise its a good model handy............
the phone will not switch on after 2hrs, then it will not work and if it switch on it will stop in xolo symbol. pls...... dont buy this phone.
I am happy with its performance. But the audio quality in the speakers are not as described or expected. battery should be still improved. With Data on its is difficult for a day full use.Limited calls and data is fine. Otherwise the phone is good and worth for money
Xolo A500 club is an upgrade to xolo's already popular Xolo A500 budget phone. This device is mainly designed for Music lovers with dual front facing speakers which is not common in device at this price range. # Specs Display - 480 x 800 pixels, 4.0 inches (233 PPI ) - The viewing angles are OK,not great. Processor - Mediatek MT6572 chipset - Dual Core 1.3Ghz processor. - This processor is no powerhouse,but can easily handle basic apps and games. Ram - 512MB Camera - 5MP Rear (supports 720P recording) VGA front camera. - The rear camera is a FIXED focus camera,ie no auto focus available. - Disappointing. Battery - 1400mAh - It would be hard to get one full day of backup with this power battery. Xolo A500 Club is one of the best well built budget phone. The device doesn't looks cheap at all. The back panel of the device is matte finished,giving good grip and a premium feel. This runs on Android 4.2 Jellybean. Xolo opted for a customized UI instead of the stock ui you see in most of other xolo devices. This custom ui is a mixed bag,it looks good in some areas and bad in some other. The default home screen doesn't have an app menu,instead all apps are spread out on the different homescreen. However you can go back to the normal launcher style by changing it in the 'Themes' under settings. Antutu benchmark score : 10000 Verdict Overall a decent ,well built , budget device coming with front facing speakers. Only 3 stars given since it doesn't have an Auto-Focus camera and the battery provided is a small one.
This phone has a lot of features and working good but also it has some minor fualts like heating and some times hanging otherwise this mobile is a perfect satisfactory one in budget smart phones..
The product which got has problem. Touch is not working properly and signal is also no getting properly. But I purchased the same product in blue color its good but battery backup is somewhat bad.
Mobile is Heating While using Internet and battery also drain very quickly. after few days I have returned product. Thank for quick Amazon return product received Quickly
The phone used net usages only fast but this camera is very poor quality not cleared by 5 mp. cost of phone is very low, so this phone used by low cost of users. its ok
Good only the thing is camera it's not 5 megapixel it's an vga small budget smartphone and can be the first choice for those who can't expect camera to be excellent
The only good thing about the phone is its looks,else it is worst phone i ever had. Rear camera quality is very bad in the night or at low light areas. Same time its front camera ( normal VGA) is giving better pictures comparing to rear camera so no need to compare with any other brands 5 mp camera. I think flash light is only for TORCH. Thanks a lot to AMAZON.in for their return policy. Returned back the phone on the very next day of delivery. woooohppssssss never going to buy Xolo again in future.
Its value for money. It works as good as any other premium hand set. No issues so far. One can surely go ahead and buy this budget product without hesitation.
good battery life, attractive display,, no hanging problem, user friendly android version ,supports all games and apps , 16gb card supports without loading
I purchased this mobile after two days battery not working properly, after seven days wi fi and blutooth not working. Return policy of amazon not so good
It's a good product. The battery backup is not that good though. Overall I am satisfied with the product and amazon has delivered it in time.
Wifi is not good enough.battery backup is so less.although others features are impressive and good enough.. good phone for children's.
good , can purchase at this amount /best value/.good features/nice speed / good resolution/ very efficient and damage-less packing .
Didn't live up to its expectations but then can't expect much of a cheap smartphone. It's okay but wouldn't recommend to anyone.
The worst phone. The specification shows 5mp Camera but its photo seems like 1mp cam. batterry life is very poor.worst buying.
bought this phone 2 days back a slight slip and the display breaks. now searching for getting the display changed.
it is totly worst product ever i got....... no battry backup no chrgr original.... in future i'll nt shop from amazon
the best mobile phone in this price range category,no more complications, and user friendly product.I like it very much
Not a good set,camera quality is poor,hanging problem created in just 10 days,and battery back is also very very poor
the phone is awesome, it is pretty smooth after upgrading to kitkat.Superb phone by xolo at this price on amazon
The mobile is good but the camera quality is poor as compared to others having same megapixle e.g. samsung, sony
Cheap and Best. Only thing it lacks is camera quality and sound. Otherwise its worth for buying. you wont regret
my mobile is getting battery and network problem,battery dischrge in 2 hrs after full charging.
i like the Xolo A500 very much,perticulery its looks and comactness. thank you amezon.in.
Good product On this price good phone . Good work No hang. All most game are working.
bluetooth not working
Its good smart phone but when iam using intenet this phone will becam to heat and struck
touch screen ok, battery normal, performance ok, speed medium, camera very poor result.
GOOD ONE BUT HEATS UP. SO HEAT SINK AND CAMERA SYSTEM SHOULD BE FURTHER TAKEN CARE OFF.
Nice phone but you can't set some small timed ringtones Else over all its awesome
Superb handset I liked it very much. screen, sound, camera everything is superb.
i like this phone good mobile but if battery backup is more then it is superb
My phone working very well.... Price also gud Thanx for a amazon..
super profamence
very good performance and I will recommend strongly for xolo 500 club.
Decent product for this price. Disadvantage - Low on battery life
This product is very good and use full for me. And very less price.
Dear team its good butt camera quality was not at all happy.
Gifted it to my mother for Christmas, and she's loving it :)
in photo I seen one model and I received different model.
it is a nice molbile but its battery back up is very low
This gadget is very good performance, im very satisfai.
Good memory n sufficient space but camera is not nice
Best product, But battery backup little bit less.
good cell phone. but gets heat up while charging.
fully satisfied.a Nice smart phone in this price
budget phone and good quality to spend the money
good phone is low price but sancer work is poor
Great product using since a long time.
Good Handset... but ram should be 1 gb
camera is no so good according to 5mp
excellent product, working very well
Budget phone with average features.
Over all good phone in this budget
nice fone in this price range....
its nice phone in under 6000 rs.
Camra picture quality very poor
its camera didn't work properly
I brought the XOLO mobile from Amazon. I used the mobile for around 4 Hrs then suddenly my mobile got hanged and it is not working then after. I am really disappointed from XOLO. I want to thank the Amazon, since the service provided by them is really good and the returned the money in 3 days. Regards Vignesh
Value for money. Great mobile.
what is this man...? online , product ka photo kuch aur hai and real me kuch aur........... lol........ never buy this ---bad camera ..and starts hanging when pay big games....lol...lol
nice product, quick delivery
I received a defective item.
xolo a500 club faltu ka phon
mobile charger not working
The Best for Music Lovers
Nice buy for this cheap.
Thanks for good quality
NYC phn in low price
poor battery backup
Excellent phone...
Thank you..!!!!!!
This phone doesnot hang at all.It functions very smoothly.The pictures on the screen are crisp and clear.Camera is also very nice anf clicks photos smoothly.It is value for money cell phone.I have given it 4 stars because the only week point of this phone is its battery, it gets exhausted in nearly 8-9 hours ! Otherwise it is a great value for money mobile phone.This ph. stands on my expectations.I hope my comments will help about this mobile phone.
good purchase.
Dont buy this
GOOD PRODUCT
The phone is wonderful, keeping in mind the amount I paid for it. The screen senstivity n response is very good. It looks very elegant and is not so heavy. I was expecting a huge bulky phone at this price but to my surprise, it was not. I never expected a 5k phone to be perform so well. I am using it from last 4 months and I am satisfied.
some better
GOOD MOBILE
Nice phone
Best Price
Its worst
something
nice phn
Amazing
awesome
Good 1
Good.
great
super
Best
Good
Nice
bset
Good
Good
good
good
Good
Very useful phone !
