B00IXCZEEE
Another one in the ever increasing Canvas fraternity. Just a souped up version of older versions. Pros: 1. Main is the Battery. Long lasting charge. Very good performance after surfing Net, Playing game, listening music, watching videos etc. etc. 2. Quad Core Processor - Really fast for apps. 3. Secondary Camera in this range. Good.Not great 4. 5" Screen. Also good. Cons: 1. 512 MB RAM. Really upset for this. Can't play Real Steel, Subway Surfer, Temple Run etc.. 2. Very heavy weight. You will not like it for sure. 3. Camera not good. Photo quality like 2 MP. Front camera very bad. 4. Internal Memory is very minimum. 5. Android should be 4.4 Kitkat. This device fails to make its mark in the ever evolving budget smartphone segment. Micromax needs to do better than this........
Two aspects needs to be improved on A 96. 1 The camera quality is pathetic. Its not 5 mp as told and sold. The internal memory of 4 GB gets consumed very fast. It has to be minimum 8 GB. The ram 512 makes the phone very slow which needs an up gradation to 1 GB. Micro max may launch another version of A96 with these features and may keep the prices a few bucks more.
4000mAh Battery is a rarity in under Rs10000 devices. Other 2 devices that packs such a huge one are Xolo Q3000 and Lenovo P780. This can easily last 2 days of moderate to heavy use with Wifi on. Apart from the impressive battery,some other specs are disappointing. It does have a good processor/gpu combination that scores well in benchmarks tests and gives good performance . The display resolution is not that great,480 x 854 pixels on a 5inches screen is not that good to look at. One other area where it performs poorly is the camera - 5MP FIXED FOCUS one. Without the Auto Focus capabilities,expect it to give you a lot of bad images. Memory : This only has 512 MB of Ram,which can be an issue sometimes when multitasking. Out of 4GB internal storage, 1.44G is available for apps & 1.14G is reserved for the user storage. OTG is supported and an OTG cable is included in the box. Overall a budget device aimed at heavy users,but have some issues like i mentioned above. If you don't mind charging your phone every day before going to sleep,then its better to get other under 10K ,quadcore, 1GB Ram devices with better camera and screen resolution than buying this. Closest Competitor : GioneeM2 coming with 4200mAh battery,better camera and more ram,but priced a little higher than this.
There is some false case with the device micromax power a 96. it claims that 1.3 ghz quad core processor . please check other device with similar pckages with 512 mb ram ..... In compaire to others processing is slow more than 120% than samsung sony nokia and 95% slower than its own micromax karbonn spice xolo phone running operating system in Android-4.2.2. It irritates with dynamic HANGING system after 2.5/3 month sale and micromax service centers are full of suffring people as the problem for above said. Service centre doing their job well by re-installing the software after one month the same problem comming back.... Its a basic problem with micromax where as karbonn has the basic problem of battery back-up. The only good thing is 4000 mah battery gives heavy usage of almost 13-14 hours everyday usage over highly surfing endurance I have purchase the product at 7399/- from amazon with 17 hours delevery time satisfaction through internet cash on delivery order. gamming is resticted in this device facebook comments are annoying to wring speed is misarable slow. you could not expect multitasking in this device I have no such expertise view about the video quality with this device in compare to its other 5 mp camera device of mmx sound quality is good but not enough for outdoor receiver or caller. Its very helpful only those who can't other activities than call receiving or calling. Its not meet the expection of value for money at the price range of 6000/-
It hangs again And again. And sometimes is gets slower. Only battery is the plus point. It is less attractive than karbonn titanium s2 plus mobile which is of the same price. I am disappointed.
a little bit heavy due to its large capacity battery and 5inch size but overall it is a very nice android to use. fast processor in this price tag and it also support o.t.g (on the Go) external pen drive. which is not available in this price in any other android. again i would like to say battery life is superb.
Amazon.in has offered me best deal for this device.. It's basically mistake from Micromax a manufacturing company.. This mobile is so simple & easy to use.. It's OS is good & Battery Backup is too good as campare to any other android phones.. But there is major problem abt the device speed.. The 512 mbps ram.... it is not properly done... there is 5 inch screen mobile and just 512 mbps ram is just too low for that... This mobile is good for rough & tough use Internet (3G) speed is also good.. But when You trying to play game on this mobile, it is starts hanging continuously... so it shows that, this mobile is not made for playing a game...
i got it defective and so i dont like it. very very bad and i returned and waiting for more than a week
Worst experience. Hangs a lot. Im a minimal user uses few reader apps and WhatsApp, hangs at least twice a day. Only good thing is battery.Fourth time im giving it to service center, two time they gave back in two days,only to be hung in a fortnight. Third time it was sent to Delhi for one month. Last time they offered a swap and took my phone. One week now. No contact not taking phone, my simple advice is before squaring in for a phone visit your nearest service center and see the rush there......
Vey low quality andslowest mobile in the history of mobile....In one sentence I shall say don't buy it....Only good thing is battery....otherwise....even for calling u have to way for 30 sec sometime. when u will press the button..it will react after 5 sec.... Most irritating.... Even after that that if u want to purchase I am ready to sell my one with half cost than amazon. my no is 9085943656
Please don't buy this product. I purchased on 30th August 2014 & after 4 month its a volume issue in the devise. when i call to other guy or receive any call then the volume is break and very low. i am very frasted now & request to amazon for return back or exchange the product as soon as possible. Not recommend to any one for buy the product.
I have got this item on April 8, 2015. From May 2, 2015 it stopped working. It is to make people fool by providing 4000 mAh battery since, its RAM is 512 MB it could not do multitasking and hang all time. So, don't go by high battery capacity. What will the battery do if it does not work at all. It's the worst product, I had ever purchased.
It get hang vry much...the apps are not running nicely....due to which the phone get hang ......and i cant play games also becoz they run this phone
Main problem is hanging... While receving or dailing.....pl don't sell this mobile to public..
I bought it for the battery which is no doubt very long lasting - nothing compared to any other phone i have seen. Had to charge only once in 4-5 days. But the touch is very very poor and the overall response time for the phone is very slow and gets frustrating. I also died completely and has become useless in 11 months.
The phone can be used only for making calls and sending SMS. If you want to use any other games or browse internet the phone will hang. With default UI provided by micromax is not good and phone is slow. You should install a lighter UI for phone to function normally. Battery is good. I use this phone sparingly hence with single charge I can use for 5 days. It can be used as a basic phone with longer battery life. radio is very poor. camera is ok.
Hello All amazon customers I would like to share my personal view about Micro Canvas Power A96 It's good for long battery life but not good for person they have use lots of androids applications and playing games because major problem in this phone is hanging otherwise all functions are good Thanks
ONLY BATTERY POWER: Works for cool 2-3 days. (Though under very light usage mostly for dialing and receiving calls.) HANGS LIKE HELL: When chrome used in single tab. HANGS LIKE HELL: Typing messages. HANGS LIKE HELL: Playing candy crush. HANGS LIKE HELL: Browsing through photos. HANGS LIKE HELL: On almost everything except for simple call dialing and receiving function. Conclusion: Buy it only for superb battery, very basic web browsing, basic game playing (games like Temple Run, Subways Surfers, etc are FORBIDDEN) and for "okay" camera. (P.S. : I bought it for my mom. She is making a transition from being a basic to "smartphone" user, she doesn't know much about app, browsing and stuff and above all wanted the battery strength same as in basic nokia models. SO ITS AN IDEAL PURCHASE best suiting her needs. )
What is a phone without sufficient RAM, it is a piece of shit.if you want long battery life just buy some cheap nokia phone atleast it wont hang.I hate these fake reviews just saying all the stuff about this phone. This phone has bad touch interface it lags all the time not at all user friendly interface...and list gos on.though it has a long battery life buy it to set alarms and see time thats all it can do.
I had to sell out this phone only after a month, its 512 MB Ram makes this phone worse.
It has been a month i bough this, Battery Backup is awesome. Build quality damn good as i dropped the phone twice already, just some tiny smudges. Looks wise, not bad. earphones damn good. Only drawback is that the RAM is 512MB, But what the hell, This is best Phone for 7K.
I had bought this mobile as a gift to my husband & he is very happy with the product.
I order this phone before two weeks ago.. Mobile specifications are good as 4000mah battery packup and a very big screen thats 5 inches But however i got it defective from amazon.in so no more comments about device Now i am using Unite 2 A106 go for it just awesome loving it
BEST MODEL IN THIS PRICE. MUST BUY. AMAZON'S SERVICE IS VERY GOOD. I LIKE IT.
This phone is useless and spending on this is wasting of money. Its touch is very bad and useless. Camera is very poor and touch is very faltu. Hangs many times and locking button also doesn't work properly. I recommended not to buy this faltu,bekar phone.
i may please be given new piece as i am not okay with the product. the defects are one has to charge every 24 hrs, touch screen not working properly, mild sound only. takes minutes to respond for touch screen tough. on and off problem. many more
Battery back is very poor. Company claiming battery of 4000 mAH where it is giving much lower battery back than Micromax Canvas Juice which is having battery of 3000 mAH. Totally dissatisfied with the battery back. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT.
battery 4000mha power is not power full battery and also handset hang
very bad product I bought it in January and it has stopped working now. The screen pauses and everytime we need to remove the battery to restart now nothing is happening I suggest not to buy this product. They don't have proper technical support.
Product is affordable to power. But as per ur notification the internal memory is 2GB out of 4GB. Also within 4 days i found the system off suddenly. It notopens to switch the power button. Only restart after open and re install of battery again.
The phone didnt meet the minimum expectations.. Except the battery, the phne has nothing... The most bad part of it is that it gets hanged every single minute, even during receiving calls or dialling calls... Never have it in our dreams...
I bought this phone after a lot of research, and could not find a better deal below 7K. Pros - Great screen resolution (HD quality). Great battery life, Basic games works well. Cons - Camera below average, lower in quality when compared to other 5MP camera (Nokia, Samsung) Takes long to get fully charged (min 1/1.5 hr). Not compatible with 4D apps
Ya i'll get MICROMAX CANVAS POWER A96 mobile..... this is very very good mobile ...this overall performance is very good.... and battery power is awsome.. i love it sooo mmuch.. then i'll give 5 stars to my mobile.. thanx to MICROMAX and ""AMAZON""
Received product on time in a decent package.Battery is good.works for 30 hours with average use.There is problem with touch screen. Letters appear after 10-15 seconds on typing.This really frustrates if u r whatsapp r SMS freak.Its an average phone with good battery.
battery backup is really good as compared to other smart phone .
This phone is very bad ..phone have performance issue...it goes in hang mode while call is in progress...you will not able to use the phone unless you restart the phone ....will not recommend anyone to buy the phone any more...
Don't buy this product. I have been using this set for 15 days. 1st day onwards it's having hanging problem,very slow responsive key pad, unable to play videos smoothly, camera is pathetic. This product not even worth 2 k.
I purchased this product July 18th, same day it was hang 3 times, next day 4 times, then 7,5,2 ... I used only 7 days, i return this product n get cheque in 4 days. So before read all reviews from other sites n buy.
A 96 mobile phone battery backup excellent, camera quality is normal only not up to the expectations Within six months it got problem given to service centre not yet received for past three weeks very bad service
I have now purchased 3 numbers of this nice phone. It came with an excellent battery backup. Includes almost all the features we expect from a smart phone which cost only below Rs/6000/- . Thank you Amazon very much .
I m using this phone since 2 months. Not this phone good n bad.need many more improvements to this phone. Speed:- 6.5/10 Camera:- 7/10 Memory:- 7/10 Gaming:- 7.5/10 Video streaming:- 7/10
It's my heartly request to all who r thinking to buy this product !! Never buy this !! I bought this n m still suffering from it !! I think u should go with gionee as compare to micromax !! This phone sucks !!
Very bad phone at this cost, hangs so many times in a day, very slow speed, 5MP camera of this phone is not good and bad quality picture in comparision to 5MP camera of micromax a77. Touch function is not good.
Thanks to Micromax and to Amazone. First time I am using a smart phone. Lot more to learn about it. Outstanding battery backup. I am really enjoying with the various features. Good in quality best in price.
not upto the mark. very slow processor. compared to products available in the market at this price range, it is a bad buy. Also, i am yet to get the cash back promised for purchasing through credit card.
I bought it two weeks back by express delivery. Every feature of this phone is satisfactory except the front camera, which is almost useless. Marathon battery of 4000 MaH was something attracted me most. Definitely, worth its price.
Mobile is not working properly it takes too much time for any function which is totally frustrating ..i feel cheated after buying this mobile..please do the needful
No sound and picture quality poor phone and very bulky i don't think it is having 5 mp camera ,
good phone...battry is awesome........ram 512.....ammm not good but phone is nice....cam also good...you can buy this phone for easy use
I am very upset. When i received the mobile, i unpacked it and then tried to charge. i was not even able to charge the phone. It did not start only.
very slow even if it is having quad core processor. it is big shame on name of smartphone. Micromax should withdraw all phones & give better phone to customer.
this phone in very heavy....battry life is excellent... hangs a lot.... very slow... camera is good not excellent not very bad also... front camera is worst very slow browsing(i dnt knw wether it is the problem of connection but my old phone is faster as compared to this one). when we install many apps it hangs a lotttt..so deleted some of them. the phone looks good but thts not enough... i will recommend u to buy micromax ninja a 89 its superb........i just love it
i like this mobile but you have to be cautios about ram becaz it can't help you when you are using more than 2 apps at a time. but i am happy only becaz of battery . jay shriram ...
I purchased and immediately realized that the speaker phone and call quality is not good at all. Voice quality on speaker phone is not audible. Camera is 5MP but the pic quality is really bad.
Features are good, Camara quality is not good as expected touch response is slow and volume is also not clear as expected
The battery 4000 ma lasts hardly for 1 day. the touch flow is tooo slow. the phone hangs. doodle 3 is much better
its working to slow and couldnt reach the expectations where compared to other mobile phones in the range of this
We purchased A96 on june 1st. Exactly on 13th when return policy data was expired we found that device is faulty. Person on othet side on phone does not hear voice but when we connect through headphone he/she listens.
phone is toooo slow even simle game like temple run 2 cant run smoothly i realy upset after use it. pls dont buy
All i want 2 say is that the phone is worth buying... Everything about phone is great ! A good Phone to buy for Rs.7000/-
Lovely features beautiful display and probably best in it's category. I am absolutely happy to use it , It's worthy buy if you consider the value for money.
It's wonderfull handset for every youngsters. Low price, good Picture quality, Big screen size, etc., I like it so much.
good battery backup in this range phones ....but mobile weight is more so will be decrease the weight of A96
Games hang several time due to ram 512mb. Else this phone is best ever i purchased or used in life.
I received the mobile on 4th june 2014 micromax canvax power a 96 black and this is best mobile for that price with good features, except ram. The only reason is the hanging because of the 512 mb ram,i have faced problem from the first day with hanging the mobile and i downloaded only 2 apps even also it was hanging still.............. And mobile weight is too much (main reason is battery weight is too heavy........) After giving order i have seen so many reviews about this mobile,everyone review is mainly about the hanging nly........ before buying mobile think about that problem facing and place the order
With its price cap it is best product available, but only its slow performance create some doubts about its functionality.
Micromax Canvas Power A96 (Black) i have order this mobile from day 1st is giving the problem hence i return this mobile, but price is low of this mobile compare to other online stores....
I was expecting more. Net was bit slow and phone is heavy. Some preloaded apps are useful. Better to spend 2000 more and go for another phone on this series.
The phone is really good...The battery life is excellent....Camera is also good but the sound quality could have been better though...
3 to 4 times a day, mocromax canvas power mobile hangs. Very slow. Poor touch quality. Hangs again and again.
This phone have some kind of lag as there is only 512 mb RAM. but as compared overall function and price it is fair. better you should buy 1gb RAM phone. also camera quality is not so good in night. But in day camera is quiet clear and satisfactory
I like this mobile. Screen quality and video clarity is performed as above than my expectations. Camera quality is very good.
camera result is bad .stylish look powerful battery back up.good device in budget some time it hung and stick .
PROS: HUGE Battery, Dual Sim, Android 4.2.2, 3G, Wifi, Internal Memory 1.09 GB for free Usage CONS: Hangs with too many apps(26 in mine) installed(because of 512 mb ram), Cam Quality Ok Overall: Grab it in offer
Way too slow. After a month the time the time lag between pressing a key and the phone reacting is Like 4-5 seconds. This actually doesn't even let u store a contact smoothly. It simply hangs . Battery life is superb - but then what's the point. Moto X is a much better phone for the same price.
Wanted to swap this phone withmicromax unite 2 .message me on my no.9889454440 if u have any combo pack offer(two unite 2 set)
I purchased this phone last month. Its little heavy but good in battery & clear voice calls, net is ok & no heat in speaking for long time and using data usage. Little lagging in performance and hangs sometimes if applications are more. Under budget its good phone. Go on.
Mobile I got from amazon worked ok for some days now I am facing problem with mike, sometimes it's working properly sometimes the other person on call unable to here my voice.
System have frequently hanging. System speed is slow. Supporting of the company is very poor. Model and design is ok
Everything is fine and battery is excellent but the camera quality is very poor.Even in 3g downloading battery stand bye is good
Very good phone better battery life" bettery quality life . Value for money. . . . . . . . .
Phone is good. camera is average. phone clarity and sound is good . little heavy as compared to other phone but it is due to battery which last very long.
Please don't buy this product. Its processing is too slow because of less RAM 512MB. Its nothing like a good phone of Micromax.
it was very good, affordable price. good worth nice ... smart ... value... for. . money .. good brand...great deal
It's good phone for those who wants 5 inch , quad core , dual sim, android budget phone with very good battery backup, Design and Built is impressive. OTG - On the Go ( You can connect your pen drive directly to phone) is certainly very useful which normally we get in high end mobiles only. . Some of my friends complain about heating the device while surfing or calling but I have not felt anything like that and even if it is so, it is quite natural considering massive 4000 MaH battery. If you are samsung or HTC user then you might find it difficult as the touch sensitivity is quite poor as compared to Mid range Samsung / HTC phones. Camera is average. Don't expect much from it . Over all the phone is value for money.
Touch response is slow and This phone hangs a lot..used for 6 months somehow with frustration.u cant type ..it takes 10sec for the character to be typed using whatsapp or sms..blood sucker phone..really want to get rid of it... viewing angles not good....Battery backup is too good , works for 2 days easily with 24*7 internet..the logic is when processing is toooo slow then the saving of battery has to be high...
Very bulky mobile. and it hangs alot while we open an application , maximum of time it hangs for 5 minutes. I have downloaded only 3 apps in mobile and still it hangs alot.
i bought it for 7000 its a nice phone under the price but the ram is 512 that is the only problem.
after a long search i buy this phone nice vedio hd quality nice touch only one draw back(hanging) i seen when i play subway suffer iam given 4star rating
Its zoom system is not smooth. Widening by finger is not smooth like other smart phones .other things are good
Very slow, hang most of the time. Not worth, poor performance.try some other in the same price..touch is not good
A worst handset from micromax... Apart form camera quality compared to samsung and nokia everything is excellent about this mobile... Guys please do not go for it...it will irritate you tust me.....Buy some branded products like HTC,MOTOROLA,NOKIA.. etc. Cons: very very low Quality camera. bulky handset. Worst screen resolution. Touch is that much hard as you will feel pain in your fingers. i mean litrelly you will be irritated in 2-3 days.... NOTHING IS GOOD ABOUT THIS PRODUCT FROM MICROMAX.
amazon service is good but handset MICROMAX CANVAS A96 is a very poor handset. 5 MP camera is so poor and problem of hanging at the time of working on it even no apps loaded and no internet access.
it is a good phone but the only problem is that it hangs too much. Camera quality is ok we can use our pen drives in our mobile Battery is very impressive sound quality is good
Friends don't buy this phone. It stuks continuously using keypad,games and etc etc .... And weight is also more and it's not comfortable in our pocket so before buying this phone think.......
Don't buy this phone it has hanging problems even if i do not play games in this device. It hangs when i play hd videos and type messages so i will not recommend anyone to buy this fone.
this product is very bad . it is hanged every time
I ordered Micromax cavas power A96 but i got the brick inside the box instead of mobile. i got blank invoice with box. its shows that amazon team are cheating to some new customers.
very bed mobile... so hanging and mother board is bed which i had recived..... after recived i am go to survicing center for making.... so bed experience with amazon... bed luck...
yes its meet my expectations and i like the mobile , your service is awesome, i like amazon & in future if want to buy anything i will going thru Amazon
this phone are no comfertable scren and battry are heat any progream are no support phone tuch 1& 2 dey aftre hanging then tuch no work & RAME upgred of 1 GB
I am using this phone last 5 monts.main problem of this phone is - it is extremely slow.though it has 1.3 quad core processor.bt battery back up superb.sound good.camera ok.
i hate this phone and i advice all people not to buy micromax phone, i dont know why this company launched this phone, it always hang in every stem and process, worst mobile
it gets hanged all the time. i had to remove battery and fix it again but sometimes even after doing so it never starts. im fed up of this product and fealing like cheated.
Very Slow phone with compare to Micromax MAD, where as MAD is cheaper than this. Battery backup is excellent. But all other things are BAD BAD BAD...
I have completely satisfied with the mobile
I would like to give 5 star. Full battery back up, speed, resolution, memory, 3G speed, Camera, HD recording very perfect.
I've purchased it 15 days ago phone is very nice & awesome in lowest price except little bit hanging problems which is normal in android. Otherwise all features r gr8
I do not have enough details in memory to give a review, so i keep silent. but overall i was not satisfied with the camera features. i had to return it on that count
Exllent phone battary backup amezing
So far happy with yureka.. But let's see how is the result. Friends says good phone .. Cost is awesome.. No one can beat this cost. But overall happy with this..
Complaint is already lodged for this product. The set has manufacturing defect and ready to return to you in a day or two when your courier pick it up from me.
The best feature is its 4000mAh battery and otg support. The 512mb ram makes the phone a little bit slower. Display is very good and the design is simple.
good screen good battery good for game as screen is 5" poor camera - in fact low quality of camera
This is good phone under k6000 camera is some week. ram is also low 512 but over all is very good.........................................
When I got this phone From Amazon... Its not working properly and every-time when i open some function its going on hang so please dont buy this phone
This mobile having actual battery backup for android 3g operating.you can enjoy 3G free upto long time.I have three android mobile but I like most it.
Product is good. Battery back up is huge which is his main advantage. I use this product for past 4 month with limited application, no problem found.
i got the product after the expected date only... anyhow its working good. Packing was not that good.. but there was no any damage for the product..
Very nice i like this product soo cheap and the best quality. Its replacement policy is soo good so i love amazon.
Best mobile, 4000mah battery is very good over all performances is good, good value for money j like it very much
did not meet my expectations. specification of different from the original product. heavy in weight,something hangs and not smmoth while working.
micromax canvas power a96 available in different price on amazon. it is very difficult to choose one of them without any product features details
its one of the worst decision i have ever made to buy micromax canvas power a96. just completing two months and device starts showing complaints
This phone is low cost but atterflop model canvas a96 power phone .I purchase this phone I have seen this Advt.amazon waist of my Indian rupees
One of the worst phones ever used. When received from amazon, phone was working fine for first week. Afterwards , wifi never gets switched off from toolkit bar, you will have to goto setting in menu to switch it off. Headphones when plugged , hangs the phone. When plugged out phone works fine. Battery i must says is gud. Run any applications and it acts like old P3 desktop. If connected to WiFi runs really slow. Adding to it when contacted Amazon Customer Service , they keep on apologising for the inconvinience caused due to faulty set and keep on reading pre designed customer service scripts. And the best solution provided to me is i should visit the customer service center to get my handset checked. First i paid for faulty phone and then i have to spend money on visiting customer service center. Bad taste of customer service. Someone from my friends already warned me not to buy from amazon as it is foreign company rather i should visit the authorized dealer and buy localy and his saying was correct. Got betrayed badly....feeling cheated for my hard earned money. Will never ever buy from this site and never suggest to anyone to buy from here.
Will recommend for those with budget between Rs.5000-Rs.7000.Minimum required features available in handset with little better battery backup
Its fulfilling my needs with low budget. Excellent performance which i need it. Powerful battery. Only disadvantage is wait of set.
Good phone with best battery life. but it is heavy and also not that thin. it can work without charge for 2-3 days easily on moderate usage.
Pros - battery, display is okay Cons- low ram, low cam quality, heavy, hangs after u install a few apps... look for other options...
I like this phone and battery backup is awesome.... I'm using this phone from past 6 month and this is the Best phone @ price 5,600 only.
Little Bit Of Hanging Problems when Playing Games Due to small Ram of 512 and Nice For Internet and Face Book, For All types of Usage .
Do not buy this phone because this was not working ,blur display,fast heatening ,and also delivery boy also complained regarding phone
I purchased this two days back. Camara photo quality is worst. It slows down when we send sms or mails. Screen shuts off on its own.
This phone keeps on hanging every now and then. Sometimes it goes to power off mode on its own. Moreover, in my location there is no Micromax service center, so i have to send it to the nearest location which is around 120 KM on my own. I will never buy any phone of this brand.
Its Getting hanged like any thing , too slow, notable to use calculator last 3 days its restarting for every operation.Unable to Use.
amazon was awesome but micromax don't say anything about it. problem problem and problem and behavior of service center oh my god....
Initially I faced some problem. I was about to return the Phone. Susequently it started working fine. Now I am happy with the Phone.
waste of money, hangging problemb now software running not properly, now also startup problem, how i will return item plz suggest
Excellent phone in gr8 price...
I think this is a good phone in such price only thing is it gets a very little bit slower when I use facebook thats all. Otherwise phone is pretty good. Battery works really great, bought this phone for that particular reason and Im satisfied.
Phone battery back is good. But the problem in ram it is only 512mb it facing lot of problem like hanged suddenly switched off
Good experience enjoying.Lots of new features. Happy to user new version of os. Awesome smart phone by micromax canvas A96.
This mobile is getting hanged very often.Whenever I use internet it is working very bad. I suggest not to buy this mobile.
Very good mobile with big screen and big battery... Only drawback is ram of this mobile is low ... Otherwise good mobile
good battery backup but hang a lot like a dual core phone. as a price (6500/-) tag this phone is good value for money .
Battery back up is very good compared to other mobiles, but more and more hanging, chrorme is not working properly,,,,
battery back up is amazing.....Camera is good....internet is little bit slow....otherwise this phone is too good......
This product is so nice in performance and battery life .. Battery life is atleast four days after every full charge..
I didnt buy this expecting to play games or heavy usage of apps. But it was more disappointing than I imagined, IT HANGS EVEN DURING TYPING SMS & OTHERS And theres a huge lag in response. Battery is awesome, but i will suggest to buy those below 1000 rupees models. Cause in those, at least sms will be fine
Guys plz dont buy this product Service provided by amazon is also pathetic after fone was not in a working stage
EXCELLENT PHONE , AN ELEPHANT OF A BATTERY LIFE, BUT ONLY ANDROID 4.2 , HAVE NOT RECEIVED UPGRADES YET BY MICROMAXX
Its a nice phone with cool features. Micromax always meets the expectation of its customers. Hats off to Amazon !!!
camera super,battery is super, sound super,doreraju liked it in all the ways but only thing i hate is heavy weight
Value for money. Looks cool and so far no problem. The battery backup is good in comparison to other big brands.
Great phone at this cost. Amazing service by Amazon. Nice work team. Smartphone at less than 6k is simply awesome.
It is good battery backup smart phone.It have maximum smart phone feature also. Price range is also in the budget.
Nice smartphone from Indian Smartphone maker Micromax but missing 1 GB ram . Best for 3 days battery backup.
Till now the phone is working well. But sometimes it slows down and becomes unresponsive, that is bit worrying.
I am not happy with ram...
After two weeks of using the mobile completely started to ge hanging continuously and become compltetely dead
It's very nice and good looking. Wright also normal. Number of APS for usage in terms browsing and searching.
I hav a prblm wid dis phn...smetym whn i swipe my notification bar my phn turns white..hw cn it b solved..?
Awasome phone in this price category . Only resolution is concerned area . Otherwise very good phone .
the device looking is good but, sometimes it getting slow or hanging. coming to model it is good thats alla
This mobile is really good enough for surfing net with strong battery back up. Don't hesitate to go for it.
This phone buy two weeks just complete. Web bro using very slow. And stark up. In Payment very head take.
Omen off the paisa vasul mobile and battery backup is very good. Only RAM is 512 MB other wise it is best
Cameras both front and rear are very poor quality. The two stars are for the battery which is very good.
its a good phone with a nice battery backup cost effective and nice look just slightly on the heavy side
Product reach on time . only problem is touch is not that good. Sometime Hanging problem also. Its ok
This is a bloody phone .you may have heard about hanging bridges,hanging rope ways but you may not have heard about an hanging phone.......yes my friends this phone hangs every 20 seconds sometimes it does not start up,not catches up wifi signals and sometimes it freezes for 1 hour till you don`t remove its battery and start the phone again .i reccomend you not to buy this by just seeing that it has 4000 mah battery and 5 inch touch screen.better you buy sony xperia c.There is no good thing about this phone that i can tell you about and please dont waste 6098 rupees in buying this phone ,BETTER BUY AN SONY PSP.
i recommend this device for all people who need better battery backup than any other handset in this price range (below 7000INR)...i can easily get 2days backup wit full time data connection on......its not for high end gaming.... only disappointing factor i seemed in this handset is 512 mb RAM......all other ways it is really superb.....
stopped working within 1 month. Has been given to the service centre for repair..Disappointing item.
I very bad phone. Touch sensitivity worst and cam clarity horrible. No body must go for this phone.
camera is good,front camera is also clear,nice mobile with all latest feature,good battery back up.
Its a gud phone wit vgud batry bakup..and i got dis phone with in 3days.veryfast delivery..sooprbb
Seems a above average phone. The glass is not IPS; means no visibility if looking from side angle.
Set hang always. Camera clarity not good.balance future good. Price good.you're service very good.
The best part is its battery.... Pretty good. ... The worst is ram and processor ..hangs badly...
Performances of this phone is not up to the mark.... It hangs even while typing and calling .....
Very good battery backup i like that and it good product in a low price & meets the requirement.
awesome phone with awesome battery backup @this price. not hang at all......... complete satisfy
Battery is very good. sound also good but camera quality is poor. other wise product is good.
not like this product when the product is deliverd display & hang problem in this product ...
It's Just Okay for battery. otherwise display is not perfect. camera is also not as like 5 MP.
Battery back up is good. All the applications are running slowly and more times hanging
Battery durable and useful in travel. Very nice model of smartphone for frequent travelers.
Pros Battery Cons Poor display Low sound Low touch response
Nice piece for the people restrict them self for not installing so many games on the moble
s***ty phone....does nothing but gets hang only all the time.....one word review-it sucks
The device is too slow because of the 512mb ram. Quad core processor alone doesn't serve the purpose. Battery life is excellent. Sees three days thanks to the monster battery!
Battery backup is great.but phone was hanging problem I can't update this phone software
wi-fi is not working and whole pc is very slow and heated as burning object hold in hand
Super for basic users Battery back up is super But the weight is little heavy
not bad its a gud product ..i did nt get any problem up to the date....thanks to amagon
Awesome phone at this budget!expect to perform satisfactorily till the warranty period.
It started hanging very first day and memory problem. video quality is not good enough.
This is very slow phone. Not good for any games. It is good in respect of Battary only.
sometime it hangs for a while.still iy is best in its class.satishfactory Perfermance.
Perfect for moderate users....not good for heavy usage ...still 100 marks for battery
Before i used to sit beside my charger whole day. Totally fed up seeing myself sitting near the wall, charging my phone. This is when my friend SAM told me about Micromax Canvas Power A96, a phone with big battery. "He used to be a cool guy but, was getting paranoid with his cellphone battery, making him totally uncool - life is too short to dedicate most of your time charging a phone" said Sam. This phone was a bit of a life changer for me. I now I am back to be cool, almost a rockstar, thanks to Sam - the life saver. Guess what, my ex gf who was dating my ex GF lately, now wants to be back with me. My family is happy too, I am spending ":the once charging time" with them now. With 2 days of backup and features like USB OTG(cable included). Life wasn't so simple and pretty before. Thanks to Amazon, Micromax and SAM
There r major problem in this phone... AFter 15-20 days it will hang on internet....
it hangs all time. when use internet hanging problem increase..dont buy this phone.
Defect - 40 to 50 dots appearing at left and right bottom side in white background
Features are good. RAM should have been at least 1gb. Not good for gaming person. battery superbly good. huge function at a cheap price.
It was a good phone. But it was too heavy to carry. Has a good charging capacity.
Its awesome battery in all android devices its very useful all working conditions
today only i got my new cell my left side speaker is not working properly
battery power full & Memory are low, overall are very good mobile
Superb nice phone at this price... And got it delivered in the right time...
No extra battery backup instead of 4000Mah battery,it heats up very quickly
weight is more difficult to keep in pocket camara clarity is not good
delevry delay and mobile packing good , battry backup mobile very nice
I thought I bought a good deal because the MIcromax Canvas 2.2, which I was using earlier (It got stolen) was way ahead in performance, with the only drawback being the charge of the battery lasting less than 3-4 hours. A96 is very good in terms of the battery charge. It stays till the entire day without having to charge in between, but the trade off with a sub optimal performance is too painful to bear. Most of the time there is a lag in its response. I think the 512 MB RAM is largely responsible for an inefficient performance. Sometimes I wonder why did they do away with a 1GB RAM! I am sure buyers wouldn't mind a slight increase in the price!
It's a good buy for 6000. Definitely not for those who crave for speed.
Very easy to operating system,very nice,economy rate for middle family
it is very nice
its good phone at this price, but some time its response time is slow
Delivery delay....feel annoyed when cross the aspected delivery date.
I am comfortable with this one... but not sure i am fully satisfied..
Nice to have a Smartphone for best selling price with 58% discount.
cam quality is average. but over all it best phone in 5000rs range.
Picture quality is very poor even 5MP camera as per product details.
please dont buy it.... phone keeps hanging.. very slow to respond..
Good one. Got hanged up. But immediately got fixed by the company.
Do not even think of buying a micromax phone...do not even dare...
It is so good u did what u promised I really liked this product
good one for this money, but less Ram. Good bttry, back camera.
Poor battery life, a common malaise of all Android smart phones
I bought a new micromax canvas A96 recently.This phone keeps on hanging every now and then, screen windows are getting stuck very often and no otherway otherway remove the baterry and replace it again. Also hearing and ring tones volumes are very low and service center said its the max vol for this model A96. I didnot get any replacemnet when requested.I am not happy either with customer care service or service center services. Please be careful in seelcting this model-canvas A96. Thanks, unhappy customer
It is a good one and very cheap in amazon.in compare to others
MICROMAX CANWAS A 96 IS NOT A GOOD PHONE HANGING PROBLEM AND SOMETIMES SLOW, BATTERY SUPPORT IS GOOD, CAN BROWSE INTERNET LISTEN SONGS VIDEO BATTERY BACKUP IS GOOD, SCREEN QUALITY IS AVERAGE ACCORDING TO PRICE IS OK. SOMETIME WI FI AND BLUE TOOTH DINT WORK DONT WHEN PRESS ON MODE IT START SHOWING TURNING ON...................AND NOTHING HAPPEN I HAVE PURCHASED 1MONTH BACK. NOT SATISFY CUSTOMER ...............HAVE TO RUN TO SERVICE CENTRE FOR CHEK UP. WILL SHARE MORE EXPERIENCE LATER AFTER COMING FROM SERVICE CENTER,.
Not clear picture.camera quality is very low. Many time no start after press on button. Automatically restart .
mobile is good but battery back up is not that much i thought
Very Good specification in very low cost. Amitabh Saxena
Good functional features. Instrument is heavy (over 450 gms).
I am uising this phon for five month and its hang sam times
it is ok working condition is good and price is under control
Good v e r y nice pr ize great quality f a s t d e l iv er y
Good mobile with all desired features at reasonable price...
very nice mobile, video, battery backup, camera was too good
Not worthable 5500, Its look like china mobile, Slow touch
Good phone meet expectations... Big phone in less amount.
dear friends plz dont buy the product, this was useless .
Performance upto the mark, but battery backup is awesome
Prompt service.good packing and product.fully satisfied.
Great feature, Long time Battery, good service by Amazon
Good phone in this amount no. 1 in India amazon only
A good phone ,good display ,good battery, not much Ram
Once u charge your mobile it will work for whole day.
Intact piece of phone, quality delivered as promised.
OK but ram is very less and is making the phone slow.
lot more than this image more than my expetation
this is a pathetic phone. need to scratch the screen
don't like it get hang frequently......dissatisfied
Mbl s hanging frm d beginning of d day.. not gud..
Product quality very poor. Don't buy this product.
The operations are slow as compared to model A106
nice mobile good baatery life but heavy weight..
Only one word for AMZON it's nothing but amazing.
micromax canvas power a96 is upto my expectation.
After a long search and analysis i brought this becoz of 1.battery -nerver leave you to sink 2.budget-with 6000rs you cant get this spec 3.screen size-worth for the amount 4.otg support-you can carry any documents,photos videos in pen drive and see it on any time 5.brousing though 3g is good 6.OTG SUPPORT-it support usb keyboard and mouse TO say about drawbacks 1.camera is not too good. 2.hang when you install too much of high end games. if you are not a high end gamer and uses it for normal use blindlt go for this
mobile android is very slow & touch is not good
Phone is not worth... Very slow.. Get stucks...
deliver product is totally manufacturing defect
Not good because RAM under 500 mb so very slow
no very slow.. its processing speed is slow...
it's good
Poor performance always hanging don't buy it.
Its just wonderful mobile without any problem
its a good mobile phone. i like it very much
It is working properly with all accessories.
a good product , really great deal on Amazon
extremely slow phone..even with minimal apps
Its a good phone having high battery backup.
wonderful set for long time talking......!!
Excellent delivery and the product as well
The body is to big to be carry in pocket..
Not bad.but sometimes it becomes too slow.
worth for money,dam good stuff,dnt miss it
GOOD PHONE SOME TIMES STRUCKING THE GAMES
good product longer battery and 3g sport.
5 inch screen for 5000 bucks, that's all
this is a worst mobile phone ever i used. Its ram is a big issue. phone get hanged while playing candy crush, so can not think about about other heavy games. Multitasking performance is very poor. I will not recommend this phone anyone. This phone is just waste of money. Don't go for it.
Good Hand set and great battery back up, cheap price and 1.3 quad core processor, one draw back is 512mb ram, 2 - 3 day run this hand set full charge.
Any time hangup it is not a good phone
Micromax is very good and nice mobile.
Battery backup is good, camera is good
Worst product. Very slow processing.
Very bad phone but good for Amazon..
Just ok. I m not fully satisfied. Ok
very very laggy..!! don't know why!
Hang within two days..... Hopeless
This Mobile Battery very wanderful
good product at unbelievavle price
product is good but ram is too low
it is okay, it becomes little slow
mobile slow BUT battery powerful
good mobile at reasonable price
Nice phone, good battery backup
I'm Normal Use Only (call & sometimes playing M.Media Not using Games) 2/3 days battery Backup :-4000Mah Multimedia Is Good...extra added MX player & VLC but tis software not using B'coz already 1080pHD, Mpeg4.TS, 3gp,mp4,Mkv Vedio Formats are support an Internal Media Player,{im testing one Mpeg4.TS vedio in xperia & samsung s2duos but tis vedio NOT SUPPORTED this mobiles.}OTG Cable Supported, mypendrive conected to phone playing Multimedia So Memory Free my mobile external memory card(I'm using sandisk Ultra class10 16GB)Audio& vedio Picture Clarity is So Good, one DISADVANTAGE is 512mb Ram but not affectected my side. Imusing tis phone after One month, Amazon Service Very Good Best Packing Correct Time Delivery So Im Thankfull Amazon & Micromax
I brought this mobile. Once i opened the box i tried to switch on the mobile. But it was no booting. I thought of battery may be empty. So i connected the charger and charged it for 2 hours. I was hoping that will boot. But it wasn't. So i asked for replacement. But they decline. Now they took the mobile. Very much Disappointed with amazon and Gabbar Deals who sold this mobile to me.
I bought this mobile. When i was switch on my phone, my mobile's display doesn't works. then i change the display in local store
A worst product.Lost my money.
Touch is very bad. Rest all gd
Good mobile awsom satisfaction
good phone nice battery backup
by this price its really good
Too much hang waste of money.
its restarting automatically,
Good phone to in this budget
Nice product.Value for money
Guys plzz, don't buy Micromax products. Quality of product is worst. Go for some brands like, HTC, Motorola, Lenovo........so many good brands available.
This mobile phone is very hanging problem, The micromax canvas a 96 mobile phone screen is not smooth. The memory is very small i.e 1 GB. it is not good very hanging problem
Very slow.. battery is good
Nice low cost android phone
Camera quality is very poor
good mobile .value of money
Awesome phone in this range
Good at its price range....
THIS PRODUCT IS SAME AS A63
its too big and too costly
I received my smart phone on 5th August (I spent only 25 days with my phone). But My phone freezing again and again. It hardly work max. 5 minutes with hanging.
it gets stuck some times.
Good product. Affordable
very good battery backup
not upto my expectation
I feel it is good one e
Battery backup is good,
Cancel my mobile order
Having hanging problem
Meets the exoecptation
Nice mobile n so cool
very bad set very slo
It is worth the money
this is not good for gaming but the browsing experience is good. camera clarity is not enough but it's OK for me
Not at all satisfied
Good value for money
issues with volumes
Rating to me as 5 *
bad touch..........
Nice & Price Worth.
very very nice item
a lot's of hanging
not a good product
GOOD... TILL NOW..
The mobile is falt
Slow processing...
Its very good...!!
unbelievable Price
Very bad produced
charging is good
amazing amazon.in
it hangs to much.
Ph Needs 1gb ram upgrade ...overall with 6500 price tag i think its a great phone..
finatastic piece
Excellent mobile
Very guuddd....!
Battery is good
Value for Money
excellent phone
Great phone :)
Heavy and slow
Excellent !!!
BEST BEST BEST
Good phone....
Ok
user friendly
Item is good,
Item returned
its not good
Great product
cheap phone..
Mobile is getting switched off when turned on Wifi and unable to switch on device for long time. Please let me know whether this is a refurbished piece and also let us know if I can get a replcement device as it is not working as expected. We contacted Micromax customer care and were told to check with Amazon customer care if this device can be replaced. Please suggest on this issue.
Write your review here 1. its touch is less proper work comparison to another handsets which are like it. 2. it is heavy than another's 3. when using it , it get heat soon while another micromax canvas handsets don't have this problem. all over it is less expensive and has extra functions compare to another handsets of this price.
Heavy backup
Good Product
fine product
bakvas phone
Received in 3 days after placing order from Amazon and it's good phone in this range rs.6700/-. Very good battery backup, screen clarity is good, camera clarity is superb, but its having 512mb ram cannot runs high memory games like temple run, subway surfer and 3d games. Some time hanging up... But overall its good phone in this budget.
Good Mobile
Nice Device
awesome set
Slow. Phone
Nice mobile
all is well
good mobile
good phone
average...
virey good
Nine phone
awesome... for all those who think its not nice. just do this go to settings->apps->and disable following apps google play store and google play services.. and google play movies .. then just see the power of this phone...its awesome dont just go by other reviews... :) :)
bed mobile
Sooo goood
Good fhone
This mobile is good for those with basic use - conversations, messaging and elementary net. If you try to use it for anything higher, you are in trouble. A good phone to show off, and at the price, what could be better! You would be happy if you did not expect too much.
All options ok. but touch is very slow
Very good
very good
very good
Very Good
I like it
Very poor
Not Bad..
Nice phon
VERY SLOW
Nice pice
very nice
Good one.
Excellent
touch is not smooth.touch screen sensitivity is very low, adding to that is the hanging problem- all these will drive you crazy. pleasee do not go for this mobile. the best is gionee m2 only. spend little extra on gionee m2. you wll be satisfied.
I would like to give 5 stars because amazon has delivered it on time and i am very satisfied with it but the phone's weak zone is ram it lag some times but overall it will give a good smartphone experience to the user thank you!
Good bad
good one
its good
Bas phone very slow processor
It was said internal memory is 4Gb but it is showing less than 2 Gb...Good battery , Ram is not satisfactory, 512mb for that type of phone with jumbo battery is not justified...over all OK .....phone....
the rate of the product was amazing, the shop retailers said that it will not get that prize. my brother was introduced the set, my friends also. the performance is interesting, i love my Canvas Power
Phone is very good But donot buy it from Amazon ... you will never get your product on time .. but delay with 4 -5 days .. with the pathetic service of Amazon ... FlipKart is better than this .. wahiyat service provider ....
it is having bad quality of sound output and also screen is not having good resolution and pixel density compared to other models.
It is having good battery backup but that was the only positive thing about this device. It hangs a lot,,, And touch is also very hard.. Don't go for this Product..
it delivered on time. Mobile having quad core processor but it not even work as dual core always mobile hang because of the RAM 500mb.My same micromax ninja A89 works much faster than this processor.but excellent for its price
No good
Thanks
Average
Hanging
awesome
great mobile in mid range
An Excellent Phone in this price Range.... Battery back is Excellent.. Rest of features are average.. Highly Recommended for People who need good battery back up Phone...
Bakwas
Its OK
Don't purchase any Micromax products. Their customer care service is the worst in this universe. If you purchase their products you will regret later.
Otherwise alright.Pl note the weight of the set. almost half kg likewise vintage of 90s.I did not notice as emphasizing on other features. now regret
good,
thanx
Madhu
i hv changed software 4 Times in 3 mnths headphone 2 times one time battery one time motherboard vry poor quality phone bt if u r nt using much application thn it is good for u when i go for Any tour in bus it works continue more thn 200 km u cn enjoy ur travelling by watching movie etc in this bcoz battery backupis ultimate n customer service also good
power backup is very good but phone speed is bad ... kindly make the ram at least 1gb for better perfomence...
s***
Good
Good
Good
good
nice
good
nice
good
Good
nice
good
Good
Good
Good
Fine
good
This phone is awesome look and price,dut technical it's useless too much Hang problems,cemara quality is also poor, MX player din't work proper in this phone. Every thing In this burst, don't go with this a96 .
Good Phone with its capability in Rs.5160...Great Deal! Not for Gamers
GUD
sorry. i have not paid to this product. i have choosen lenevo p 780 instead of micro max power A 96. but it is double price as well in performence.
Powerfully battery. Compare Price good mobile
battery life is good.. price very reasonable!
ok
In time Delivery .Very good Hand set.
good battery like it
k
I like this phone.
So said it's not working proper Amazon service very very pathetic I am not shop again ........so bad experience. Choor company
good mobile
Excellent
Got the phone yesterday and was dead, not charging at all. Trying to figure out what to do?
super
