B00IKC5E6A
BAD PHONE AS I NOT EXPECTED FROM NOKIA......... BEFORE IT I HAVE NOKIA 5233 SYMBIAN PHONE AND IT IS SUPER FINE QUALITY IN CAMERA OPTION...
Nokia X,as you may have already heard is the first Android device from Nokia. Many Android fans have been waiting for an Android device from Nokia for years,and now they finally have it. Unfortunately Nokia has decided to bring out a low end budget phone instead of a phone with high end specs and all. ## Screen And Build Quality At first look,Nokia X looks like just another Lumia device,the build quality and design is almost same as their popular Lumia devices. Poly carbonate all around with colored interchangeable back panel gives it an attractive look. The device is easy to hold,and the size is perfect for one handed operation. On the front, there is a 4 inch IPS LCD, 800 x 480 pixels WVGA resolution display which is usually seen in devices under Rs 5000. They should have at least packed a qHD display for a better viewing experience. The viewing angles are OK,not great. Readability under direct sunlight is poor. ## Operating System and Performance Nokia X is powered by a 1Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play dual-core CPU and Adreno 203 GPU. It only has 512MB Ram. The specs are disappointing considering the various Android devices at this price range ships with far better processor and gpu,plus 1 GB of ram. Antutu Benchmark Score - 7400 [ Similarly priced Xolo Q700S, Micromax A114, Canvas Mini 200 etc score around 17000 ] Nokia has opted for a modified Android version ( based on 4.1.2 Jellybean ) instead of a smoother stock Android experience. Most of the part, the UI is smooth,but you will find lags here and there during application usage,often due to a low end processor and 512MB ram it has. Even though this runs Android, Nokia has modified it so much so that it would be difficult to see any traits of Android UI style in there. It has a Lumia like homescreen and there is only one button to navigate - a back button. There is no multitasking button to switch between apps which is very disappointing. ## Software Nokia has opted not to include Google Apps, instead are promoting those apps they favor. So the popular core apps of Android, like Android PlayStore, Gmail,Google Maps, Google+ etc are missing. There are Microsoft apps and Nokia's own popular apps like Nokia HERE Maps included. Whatever alternatives they provide,without the Google Playstore,you are missing a lot of vast variety of apps. However you can Install Amazon Appstore and install many apps through it. ## Camera Disappointing. The 3MP camera on the back is a FIXED FOCUS camera. Without Auto focus capabilities,its hard to get good pics often. ## Battery This ships with only a 1500mAh powered one,which is not great. You would hardly be able to get one whole day of battery backup with this (average use with internet on ). ## Verdict ## If you are already an Android user,then its better to stay away from this Android device,as the UI is completely different and confusing. For a new user, or someone coming from a windows phone, the experience would be much better. The lack of Google Playstore is a major disadvantage with this device,as the included Nokia Appstore doesnt have many popular Android apps. Buy this only if you wanna try out a different new Android UI. My recommendation is to spend a few more bucks extra and get a better performing Android device powered by Quadcore CPU and 1GB of ram.
Nice but same prablam whatsapp not working and google map then ect....
I didn't liked to give any star to this useless product because :- 1. I received it at Rs. 8300 but now it is available at about Rs. 5000. 2. The headphone that I received got damaged in four months. I took it to the care and they refused to accept saying I myself did that. 3. It gets slow very often. 4. Do not support Google play and nokia store is worst. 5. Do not support Google maps. 6. Camera quality is also not fine and it lacks the option to set timer to click photo. 7. It lacks voice recorder which is very common in almost all mobiles. 8. The way of receiving call is not good. The call gets received without knowing if kept in pockets. Thus, can be said that this product was a waste of money to me and would also be a waste of money to you and can be said the whole NOKIA TEAM IS USELESS.
Nokia X,as you may have already heard is the first Android device from Nokia. Many Android fans have been waiting for an Android device from Nokia for years,and now they finally have it. Unfortunately Nokia has decided to bring out a low end budget phone instead of a phone with high end specs and all. ## Screen And Build Quality At the first look,Nokia X looks like just another Lumia device,the build quality and design is almost same as their popular Lumia devices. Poly carbonate all around with colored interchangeable back panel gives it an attractive look. The device is easy to hold,and the size is perfect for one handed operation. On the front, there is a 4 inch IPS LCD, 800 x 480 pixels WVGA resolution display which is usually seen in devices under Rs 5000. They should have at least packed a qHD display for a better viewing experience. The viewing angles are OK,not great. Readability under direct sunlight is poor. ## Operating System and Performance Nokia X is powered by a 1Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play dual-core CPU and Adreno 203 GPU. It only has 512MB Ram. The specs are disappointing considering the various Android devices at this price range ships with far better processor and gpu,plus 1 GB of ram. Antutu Benchmark Score - 7400 [ Similarly priced Xolo Q700S, Micromax A114, Canvas Turbo Mini etc score around 17000 ] Nokia has opted for a modified Android version ( based on 4.1.2 Jellybean ) instead of a smoother stock Android experience. Most of the part, the UI is smooth,but you will find lags here and there during application usage,often due to a low end processor and 512MB ram it has. Even though this runs Android, Nokia has modified it so much so that it would be difficult to see any traits of Android UI style in there. It has a Lumia like homescreen and there is only one button to navigate - a back button. There is no multitasking button to switch between apps which is very disappointing. ## Software Nokia has opted not to include Google Apps, instead are promoting those apps they favor. So the popular core apps of Android, like Google PlayStore, Gmail,Google Maps, Google+ etc are missing. There are Microsoft apps and Nokia's own popular apps like Nokia HERE Maps included. Whatever alternatives they provide,without the Google Playstore,you are missing a lot of vast variety of apps. However you can Install Amazon Appstore and install many apps through it. ## Camera Disappointing. The 3MP camera on the back is a FIXED FOCUS camera. Without Auto focus capabilities,its hard to get good pics often. ## Battery This ships with only a 1500mAh powered one,which is not great. You would hardly be able to get one whole day of battery backup with this (average use with internet on ). ## Verdict ## If you are already an Android user,then its better to stay away from this Android device,as the UI is completely different and confusing. For a new user, or someone coming from a windows phone, the experience would be much better. The lack of Google Playstore is a major disadvantage with this device,as the included Nokia Appstore doesnt have many popular Android apps. Buy this only if you wanna try out a different new Android UI. My recommendation is to spend a few more bucks extra and get a better performing Android device powered by Quadcore CPU and 1GB of ram.
Zabardasti ka Android
Features are good. Some of android apps couldnt be installed. Clarity need to be improved.Mobile case need to be a little attractive.
Hey guys believe me or not its ur wish but the phone is really cool and specially all the issues are fixed like whats app... I dont think because of only 1 app I will forget NOKIA which helped me since the day it fell out of my hands dividing into 3 pieces.. after u assemble it again the gadget is ready to use..Gadget should also be of Good Build quality....which nokia does.... hope u all might find my review helpful after buying it...
camera. ..screen..performace all poor..not upto marks.. not worth anypenny horribly slow..keypad bad needs lot of improvement android not much use
Nokia X,as you may have already heard is the first Android device from Nokia. Many Android fans have been waiting for an Android device from Nokia for years,and now they finally have it. Unfortunately Nokia has decided to bring out a low end budget phone instead of a phone with high end specs and all. ## Screen And Build Quality At first look,Nokia X looks like just another Lumia device,the build quality and design is almost same as their popular Lumia devices. Poly carbonate all around with colored interchangeable back panel gives it an attractive look. The device is easy to hold,and the size is perfect for one handed operation. On the front, there is a 4 inch IPS LCD, 800 x 480 pixels WVGA resolution display which is usually seen in devices under Rs 5000. They should have at least packed a qHD display for a better viewing experience. The viewing angles are OK,not great. Readability under direct sunlight is poor. ## Operating System and Performance Nokia X is powered by a 1Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play dual-core CPU and Adreno 203 GPU. It only has 512MB Ram. The specs are disappointing considering the various Android devices at this price range ships with far better processor and gpu,plus 1 GB of ram. Antutu Benchmark Score - 7400 [ Similarly priced Xolo Q700S, Micromax A114, Canvas Mini 200 etc score around 17000 ] Nokia has opted for a modified Android version ( based on 4.1.2 Jellybean ) instead of a smoother stock Android experience. Most of the part, the UI is smooth,but you will find lags here and there during application usage,often due to a low end processor and 512MB ram it has. Even though this runs Android, Nokia has modified it so much so that it would be difficult to see any traits of Android UI style in there. It has a Lumia like homescreen and there is only one button to navigate - a back button. There is no multitasking button to switch between apps which is very disappointing. ## Software Nokia has opted not to include Google Apps, instead are promoting those apps they favor. So the popular core apps of Android, like Android PlayStore, Gmail,Google Maps, Google+ etc are missing. There are Microsoft apps and Nokia's own popular apps like Nokia HERE Maps included. Whatever alternatives they provide,without the Google Playstore,you are missing a lot of vast variety of apps. However you can Install Amazon Appstore and install many apps through it. ## Camera Disappointing. The 3MP camera on the back is a FIXED FOCUS camera. Without Auto focus capabilities,its hard to get good pics often. ## Battery This ships with only a 1500mAh powered one,which is not great. You would hardly be able to get one whole day of battery backup with this (average use with internet on ). ## Verdict ## If you are already an Android user,then its better to stay away from this Android device,as the UI is completely different and confusing. For a new user, or someone coming from a windows phone, the experience would be much better. The lack of Google Playstore is a major disadvantage with this device,as the included Nokia Appstore doesnt have many popular Android apps. Buy this only if you wanna try out a different new Android UI. My recommendation is to spend a few more bucks extra and get a better performing Android device powered by Quadcore CPU and 1GB of ram.
I am using This phone for 1 month. The phone works ok and does well For a 512 Mb ram phone. The interface is vey cool and has variety unlike other android phones. Combining windows UI with android was a great achivement and it deserves appreciation. The games run smoothly enough though sometimes There is some glitches but does well compared to other 512 mb phones of Samsung and even better than Samsung duos which has 786mb Ram. Camera quality is poor in low light. I was expecting better from a Nokia 3MP cam. Not satisfied with the battery life.. should have been a 2 or 3 hours More. Nokia Store has Started to stop working whenver i try to Download Something. But Still I was Happy with the phone until MOTO E realeased. IT gives 1 GB ram compared to 512 of Nokia X, 5MP camera compared to 3MP of Nokia X, 4.3 inch screen compared to 4 inch of this phone, Android Kitkat version compared to jelly bean of Nokia X and a Longer battery life.. It just Beats this phone In each and every aspects AT THE SAME RATE... hence it gave me a feeling that i did NOT spend my money wisely on buying This phone
value for money product.amazon is best site for online purchase.nokia X is goodphone.most of all application run on this phone
It really feels awesome using nokia x :) I always wanted a windows looking cellphone. And nokia x has windows look + anroid feature. so uts really cool. Since few days back whatsapp was nta functioning well but now its okay. Its touch quality is super good And however it is a nice phone
This phone is not worth for the price. If u really want to buy a nokia android,wait for a month and get nokia xl.
It is a good sturdy set. Functionally it is very useful as we can use our home WiFi for e-mail, Facebook, Youtube, twiter etc. Additionall y we can use the BBM which is a rare function in this price range.
Check Technical details in Battery talk time. Battery talk time mentioned : 13 minutes!!! Must write full technical details. Please recheck and improve.
The headline says it all. Really, nothing more to add. Takes good photos, though. Sound is quite tinny and not very clear. OK as an emergency backup phone. Cannot beat a Samsung.
I am very upset after buying nokia x. whattsapp installation issue. and many more issue
Good for aged people and those who is using smartphone for the first time! You can now easily get better than this one in the same price.
clumsy voise,not able to get the voice properly,dont know how hav to be exchange r return,there is no contact number to clarify it self.
I ordered this phone on April 12th, 2014 at around 10 pm for my mother and it was delivered in a nice, sturdy package on April 13th, 2014 at 12 noon. Firstly, what I'd like to highlight is the utter superiority of the phone when compared to others in the same price range, especially the Android Phones. As you may have seen, Android requires a lot of hardware and due to this, low budget Android phones costing below Rs 10,000/- frequently hang and have a very bad user experience. It's been more than 15 days using this phone and my mother has not complained about any of these, although this may also be a result of the extensive customizations that Nokia / Microsoft has done to this particular flavor of Android. A welcome experience though, has been Fastlane, which shows you everything you need in one place. Call quality is good and the dual sim feature is an added plus, considering that dual sim phones of competitors cost a lot more. And as usual, the touch sensitivity is quite good as well. Lastly, please bear in mind that since this is not "official Google Android", you won't have access to the Google Play Store, but it is possible to use a concept of side loading to install apps from Google Play into this phone (search for this on Youtube). Overall, a great decision to buy the phone.
The nokia's entry into the android scenario is definitlely assuring but has to go a long way on the fronts of usability and convenience. The phone build is plastic and the screen clarity is just ok. No lags or glitches but the absense of dedicated google apps could be a turnoff. The calendar fuction and sync could be better. Have been using it for one month, no serious issues till now.
Product is good only Battery is getting drain with in one day, expected u r giving sd memory along with the package
what a look, what a color, what a design, what a price, Awesome like it............ ............ ....... .... .. .
BOTH ARE GOOD NOKIA X TOUCH IS SMOOT ITS PICTURE QUALITY IS ALSO GOOD AND NOKIA 220 ITS PICTURE QUALITY IS GOOD
Nokia X is not user friendly. Even storing the mobile nos is complicated & as there is no user guide book the mobile becomes useless. Also inspite of asking the user guide from such mails as this there is no response. Hence for a common man the Nokia X remains useless & if I donot get any response from the agency i.e AMAZON then it also will be second preferance
Mobile automatically switches off and on often. This happens even in the midst of calls.. Otherwise ok.
The response is slow and battery life is not up to the mark. Otherwise phone is good value for money
it's just WOW!!!!!! Don't think this are fake comments or dummy Id. I'm a daily user of Amazon & I purchase all this products for our employees to gift them as a incentive so be rest assured :) Regards Adil BBM Pin-73DEB90A Connect me on FB via - sayedadil82@gmail.com
not bad but battery back up very bad.right side key + - is on in the phone lock mood.
I did not expect too much and I'm surprised. Full setup including Owncloud link to Calendar and Contacts was done in 30 minutes. Mail accounts run, Wi-Fi connect works, and the device can be used as a telephone. Hardware looks promising. Stable frame build around the phone. Nice idea to have the bumper directly around the screen. New more square look is nice. Performance is ok, hope it will last the whole lifetime. My other Androids always got slower with time. Not able to buy the Nokia X in Germany a few weeks ago, I decided to buy it in India and let it bring to Germany by a peer. I'm happy that I have done it, it is worth the money. I can't understand the low ratings here. It is a cheap phone with enough resources to do what I expected it would do. Pro: • Quick enough to browse, mail, and do calls. • Dual Sim • Battery capacity with 1500 mAh quite good • Display resolution with WVGA (800 x 480) is ok • Allows other App Stores • Preinstalled apps are removable Con: • Color choice is harming my eyes. (the pink) • Inbox is not remembering show all inbox • Browser does not allow deleting preset bookmarks and new ones (or I’m too stupid to find ;o) ) [update 2014-04-23] After replacing some of the stock apps like calendar, contacts, browser with others I'm more than happy. This was really easy, just installing them from other markets and deactivate or deinstall the others. Everything works. Still slower than the HTC One, but the phone was 5times more expensive. [update 2015-01-30] After 10 Months I'm not willed to use it longer. No more updates from Nokia, the speaker quality is extremly odd, and my counterpart on the phone nearly does not understands me any more. Stabillity of calls did also lack more and more. I would not buy it any more. Additionally there are no acceptable ROMs available to root and replace the existing crap. Just becasue of the price still a **
Very bad product. 1 only one back key 2 very small size ram 3 many times product is not responding 4 waste money if you buy this product. Micromax, Lava and such companies batter product is available in the market at similar price.But this product is totally waste.
I seriously hate Nokia for selling the product. It seems that no one in world wants to support it , be it watsapp, games, payment applications .. argh the list is endless... There is lack of proper updates of the phone I reckon. service from Amazon was good
colourful and bright, has most of the application working. camera is disappointing. gets heated fast while charging and gaming. For checking which all applications are running, we need to go to settings>apps>manage apps>running apps. For a person like me who has my first smart phone it is quite satisfactory.
i had a good feeling when i brought this phone but after using it i got so fustrated that i felt like hitting it to the ground.the problem was over heating i donno it was new but was a problm.when ever i used to charge it phone gets over heated and no battery life.
I wanted to buy a dual sim branded phone for my dad, I was happy to receive what Nokia offered until Moto E was not launched. I wish I had waited for one more month for Moto E. If I just forget Moto E then it's really a cool phone to hangout with.
Cell phone received in good condition and as good as in the catalogue.
I bought this phone to gift someone Value for money deal. There are many more models available in market with better specs than this are even more cheaper but what I look in this product is durability and trust tht Nokia has built over years
I bought it as a gift for my mom,nice phone i bought a white coloured piece which is priced 500re more than black counterpart.but white piece tends to become dirty quickly.i would suggest to save a 500re and go for black one and buy flip cover.
Nokia's Android phone. Nokia X can be treated as an economic smart phone with robust features. It might be low in h/w spec but can expect a better performance. I could not find any issues on using whats app or Facebook in Nokia X.
Almost 7 months since I bought this mobile. For the past two days, it is logging off automatically and not able to switch on there after. Even formatted the mobile through Nokia customer yesterday and again facing the same problem
This is the worst mobile I have ever used. It's dead slow. Highly unstable software and lot of bugs. Don't expect any updates now because there is no more support for this device. Basic flow is with hardware architecture. the OS itself is too heavy for it. The touch screen is very sluggish. They say all Android apps are compatible but they are NOT. Nokia X platform is a bad move. You will be frustrated by some of it's crazy bugs. One example; I happened to keep mobile in my pocket after locking and I had enabled PIN screen lock. When I took out from my pocket after some time, I saw some numbers were entered in the unlock window. So I wanted to delete them by pressing back space key and wanted to enter my correct 4 digit PIN. But that stupid software did not let me keep that key pressed and had to tap that key every time. After doing this exercise, I realised that the number entered were more than 100! So I gave up and shut down the phone hoping that next time it will ask me to enter the PIN with blank screen, but alas, it got stuck at 'Nokia' screen. And I had to factory reset and lost all the chat data, contacts etc. Do not go for it even if you are just expecting few basic functions, let alone heavy games and all. All you will get is frustration if you buy this phone. And not to forget, Nokia support is pathetic. I bought this phone from 'My Nokia' shopee at Koramangala, Bangalore.
DO NOT BUY THIS. There seems to serious flaw in this phone.Right from day one: Screen Hangs up very often - sometimes in idle mode as well as during call. SIM2 does not support 3G. Overall a very useless phone
I BOUGHT IT AT 7500.. NOW ITS AT 4799.. NOT GOOD AT ALL... SLOW PROCESSOR.. FACED PROBLEMS WID APPS LIKE WHATSAPP, N MANY..SOUND QUALITY POOR... ANYONE CAN GET A MUCH MUCH BETTER PRODUCT AT THIS PRICE.. SO DON'T GO FOR IT..
not good battery is week and not support whats apps
NOT ABLE TO USE WHATSAPP. DATA CABLE IS NOT AVAILABLE WITH MOBILE. WORST SERVICE BY NOKIA. I HOPE AMAZON WILL RETURN MY MONEY. BAUGHT FROM AMAZON ONLY FOR THEIR RETURN POLICY. LOYAL CUSTOMER TO AMAZON
I am not satisfied with calling performance of phone the phone disappointed me first time by nokia because I am using Lumia 520 from last 8 months
nokia first anaroid mobile is gud but its camera quality and battery backup is not up to the mark, camera quality is very bad as nokia is known for its good camera quality even of 2MP but this time having 3MP in this mobile is very worst quality ,this is unexpected . I hav pursed this mobile for camera purposes , but now i m not happy after pursed ...
Nokia x is very excellent phone.This phone`s internet is very first & phone colours is beautiful but some app is not supported like -dr driving update version...but I m happy this ...products....
Mix radio, here maps - OSM But the screen quality is not good, two lines coming in the screen at the very beginning. The games are working fine The phone is very good at its price.
This mobile performance is not good and,I am expected high expectations battery backup also very very bad ........pls. cancel this order.I packed this mobile ready to return send the u r courier
S***ty phone if you are looking for good battery life and fast performance as well as android experience. It's a WinDroid. So no play store. NEVER buy phones like this from Nokia / Windows.
Good phone. Value for money. Perfect for my mom.
Hi, I bought my Nokia X from Amazon in mid May. With few complaints; I started to use it and enjoyed it's feature for some time. A week back; it surprised me by operating itself. Suddenly closing the apps, opening random one, hanging lot of times. Now, I rarely have any control over it :). Not sure if it was my mistake to buy it from Amazon (online) or it's a faulty piece. Before you buy make sure to visit Nokia store and go through it's features personally. I plan to visit Nokia care but not much hopeful as it's quite tough to convenience them. Regards, Bhushan
There is absolutely no support from Nokia care ( Naveli & G.D.Cellcom ) as the handset was purchased from Amazon, local dealers lobby of nokia are against online shopping , for example WhatsApp is not supported by Nokia X , in this regard the nokia shops associated with nokia care are not at all entertaining online purchase and not helping to install Whatsapp on my mobile. I tried all possibilities , local un authorized service centers demanding Rs1000/- for installing whatsapp on Nokia X , this is how the customer suffers, even 1mobile market does not support installation of Whatsapp on Nokia X series .
Such I bad product... Boring batteryy...
its mobile has a resonable price and can run android games and windows games its a high level features for a student its enough to have great fun and knowledge
Kept the Nokia standard in all areas. Style, performance and friendliness. Feature packed ,gives you a feeling of being sophisticated and durable.
No Bill was present inside the BOX. just the amazon invoice. Well the product is good and running well.But don't know what I am gonna do wen it needs a repair.
Please note watsup is does not work on this mobile...I felt cheated when I was not able to run watsup...otherwise phone is nice..it does not hang...n joy NOKIA
Looks are stunning but dosnt wrk smoothly ,fastlane is nothing but irritating ,BATTERY LIFE IS THE WORST EVER , I literally change my phone 2 times a day ..
Value for money One of the best brand of the phones coming back with a bang a strong loyal nokia admirers were waiting for this...
Amazon is cheater I ordered phone from amzon 3 times I received hardware issue I realised handeset back to amzon its been 20 days I Have not got my amount back 0f 7024 Frnds just wanted share beware shopping from Amzon .your money is not safe or you might received defective product I am launching an FIR against amzon Rest things police will do.
it's ok....phone looks good..message setting is horrible...over all phone is good ..it will take time for me to get used to all the phone settings....
Return it
I believe this was not at all good buy. Even the earphone was not from Nokia. Sound is not clear. I raised with Amazon but no response till now.
Other than battery standby everything is perfect as per my expectation and definitely value for money. One of the best budget smartphone.
Gd phone. But with the kind of apps supported, processor is slow. Facing problem in typing text and numbers. Otherwise, a nice phone.
Great product at nominal price
It is mixed feeling that I m happy about it`s looks but it`s sim slot is micro sim slot and delivery time is too much to me.
A little disappointed that it doesn't have the playstore apps. Had to download whatsapp and many other apps via onemobile.
Good one.. Its been more than 10 months, since i bought this mobile. I am happy about the product. No flaws so far.
It is very fast and we can enjoy it so friends bye this mobile this has nokia xpress , googol,gmail,facebook,etc
Product is good with 5500 price according to flipkart & other online web sites amzone price is the lowest price
Absolutely pathetic product, Nokia is making a fool out of its customers. No modern apps work, piece of junk
very slow processing, i want to sell this mobile and request to user do not purchase to this kind of mobile
A very slow phone with a worst camera I suggest to purchase nokia x2 instead of purchasing this phone
does the job ..... the os is not as good as android..... think its slightly over priced for the specs
Cell is good but packing and dispatch is poor and cell seems as old piece is repacked and dispatched
while on charging it gets warm and while using multiple task it gets hang and screen goes shaky
very slow and boring interface many apps not available touch is not so responsive
Dont buy this phone it sucks, Very bad its damn slow and its just freezes many times.
Awesome Mobile from Nokia its the 1st Nokia Android Mobile Android lovers go for it!
The voice is not celar, very bad product
Worst Piece Ever Touch Doesn't Work Properly Nokia X In Outside Marker Is Awesome
main thing is divice not supporting the watsupp internal memory is too low
this is the good smart phone sum lags in it but it is the valu for mony phone
the price was fair, cant get cheaper than 6800 for it. an excellent phone. only thing i find -ve is that it gets slow once you download a couple of apps
nice phone at dis mprice only con is dat the backbutton not having backlit
Phone is good but it does not support what's app. Feel sorry to buy that.
Nokia has given tough fight to other android based smartphone. Nokia has proven that nobody can beat the brand, they stand for... quality delivered, performance, result and this time PRICE tag with which Nokia has shocked everybody. Nokia's offering in android based X series is amazingly brilliant. Whatsapp had to be downloaded-It works superb, though from 1mobile market, could also be downloaded from yandex store and few other options offered routing via store. Not advisable to download from other sources, as warranty of phone may be dampned. If you are Nokia user you'll love this one... go grab it... I bought it for 5,499/-
wonderful hand set Nokia x, working smoothly battery backup is good.
Best phone, handy, simple with all apps.& good battery backup, lifelong it comes, touch sensitivity not bad, operations are okay.
Android + windows = nokia x.... love it so cheap.... great deal....
Comparatively this handset has drawbacks among other nokia models,
Battery backup is very poor, also no Google play store , other functions are not so good ,what's app not running properly
Its nice mobile & Good working with so economic price on Amazon
Good phone. Value for money. Only drawback is the lack of flash
Nokia X/XL etc is Nokia's failure to deliver a Smart Phone..sorry cant say it is Android as it does not support Google Play Store...think about how frustrated u would feel when you buy a smart phone and the most favourite app in market "WhatsApp" can not be found in pathetic Nokia Store...so..you would go and install it from third party stores..now when you install it..you would see WhatsApp Notifications..but when you open WhatsApp..it shows "Not supported on your by phone"...So the point is not WhatsApp...it happens with and may happen with every single app you install..so it is NOT AN ANDROID PHONE...or can not be categorized as SMART phone either..as you would spend a lot of (Non Productive) time in figuring out where to install/upgrade an application from and there is NO Guarantee that it would work after installation If you want to buy a Nokia Phone..buy "Non Smart" phones only where Nokia can be smart (e.g. old 1100 etc!!)
it useful to me and thanks to AMAZON because price is very low
it was okay, the biggest problem was that we cant use whatsup
Hi. This is vikash. Purchased a nokia phone 10 days back in Rs 6049.. i would like to share the past experience with the concerned people so that it will help to decide . 1st Problem with the Nokia X ----- this phone is not user friendly at all. android lover may not like even the home screen because of Windows phone Look. 2nd problem--- you can not install whatsapp easily. The handset is not slim at all. Overall my experience is not so good with nokia X as i was expected before buy.
Its realy amazing low in costing by amazon.thank' to amazon
All the features are perfect  but sometimes it hangs
There is no Bill or invoice attached with box
Nokia X,as you may have already heard is the first Android device from Nokia. Many Android fans have been waiting for an Android device from Nokia for years,and now they finally have it. Unfortunately Nokia has decided to bring out a low end budget phone instead of a phone with high end specs and all. ## Screen And Build Quality At first look,Nokia X looks like just another Lumia device,the build quality and design is almost same as their popular Lumia devices. Poly carbonate all around with colored interchangeable back panel gives it an attractive look. The device is easy to hold,and the size is perfect for one handed operation. On the front, there is a 4 inch IPS LCD, 800 x 480 pixels WVGA resolution display which is usually seen in devices under Rs 5000. They should have at least packed a qHD display for a better viewing experience. The viewing angles are OK,not great. Readability under direct sunlight is poor. ## Operating System and Performance Nokia X is powered by a 1Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play dual-core CPU and Adreno 203 GPU. It only has 512MB Ram. The specs are disappointing considering the various Android devices at this price range ships with far better processor and gpu,plus 1 GB of ram. Antutu Benchmark Score - 7400 [ Similarly priced Xolo Q700S, Micromax A114, Canvas Mini 200 etc score around 17000 ] Nokia has opted for a modified Android version ( based on 4.1.2 Jellybean ) instead of a smoother stock Android experience. Most of the part, the UI is smooth,but you will find lags here and there during application usage,often due to a low end processor and 512MB ram it has. Even though this runs Android, Nokia has modified it so much so that it would be difficult to see any traits of Android UI style in there. It has a Lumia like homescreen and there is only one button to navigate - a back button. There is no multitasking button to switch between apps which is very disappointing. ## Software Nokia has opted not to include Google Apps, instead are promoting those apps they favor. So the popular core apps of Android, like Android PlayStore, Gmail,Google Maps, Google+ etc are missing. There are Microsoft apps and Nokia's own popular apps like Nokia HERE Maps included. Whatever alternatives they provide,without the Google Playstore,you are missing a lot of vast variety of apps. However you can Install Amazon Appstore and install many apps through it. ## Camera Disappointing. The 3MP camera on the back is a FIXED FOCUS camera. Without Auto focus capabilities,its hard to get good pics often. ## Battery This ships with only a 1500mAh powered one,which is not great. You would hardly be able to get one whole day of battery backup with this (average use with internet on ). ## Verdict ## If you are already an Android user,then its better to stay away from this Android device,as the UI is completely different and confusing. For a new user, or someone coming from a windows phone, the experience would be much better. The lack of Google Playstore is a major disadvantage with this device,as the included Nokia Appstore doesnt have many popular Android apps. Buy this only if you wanna try out a different new Android UI. My recommendation is to spend a few more bucks extra and get a better performing Android device powered by Quadcore CPU and 1GB of ram.
Don't buy this mobile, performance issue persist.
realy this item is too lovely,great and excelent.
it is good, and thanks to amazon for this deal.
Very nice features Overall I am satisfied
due to battery not capable of at lease 5 hrs.
BAD MOBILE PHONE.NEITHER ANDROID NOR WINDOWS.
Good phone , good price , thanks to amazon ,,
Received red earpieces with green mobile set
best ever nokia phone with affordable price
Not a great phone. Required more resets
thank u, it was great shopping with u.
Very good phone @ this price range,...
Good phone with a good battery life !
that good but batteey is soooooo bad
their is sound problem in the mobile
Pros good display Solid built , funky colors , dual sim Can run required Android Apps via 1 mobile store Cons Camera is only 3.2 mega pixel could have been 5 Gets heated up , some games / Apps does not close
Good phone Nokia is always the best
IT'SGOOD MOBILE WITH GOOD FEATURE,
Service & quality both are good.
ok...good for this price!!!!!!!!
It is good for first time users
I faced battery bulge problem in just 2days.i wonder whats the fault.my suggestion is think before buying there are better phones like spice mi 436 stellar it is very good I brought it for just 5400.
Great product at nominal price
Good gadget in terms of price.
excellent phone inthiscatagory
Nice mob with great facilities
It's OK...... Nt upto the mark
Sorry Nokia X - did like using it as even though it was android based but without a playstore connection...VIber, Tango apps were not working fine as in other Android based phones of Samsung
Sir , It was good as expected
The bestt phone in the market
Good cellphone at this price.
value for money good finish
Packaging was good..on time..no hazzles...from the product perspective if there could have been clear directions that micro sim to be used it would have been useful
Reyaley super phone,,,,,,
super pa reasonable rate.
Worth for money..........
no whatsapp in the mobile
Great phone for beginners
good
User interface, Speaker, can be much better. User interface, Speaker, can be much better. User interface, Speaker, can be much better.
Very Hot & good mobile
Camera is very poor.
Rating to me as 5 *
yes I like it more
it also quite good
3G not working !!
Excellent Product
Really awsemoooo
Very Bad Mobile
As expected....
Nokia X,as you may have already heard is the first Android device from Nokia. Many Android fans have been waiting for an Android device from Nokia for years,and now they finally have it. Unfortunately Nokia has decided to bring out a low end budget phone instead of a phone with high end specs and all. ## Screen And Build Quality At first look,Nokia X looks like just another Lumia device,the build quality and design is almost same as their popular Lumia devices. Poly carbonate all around with colored interchangeable back panel gives it an attractive look. The device is easy to hold,and the size is perfect for one handed operation. On the front, there is a 4 inch IPS LCD, 800 x 480 pixels WVGA resolution display which is usually seen in devices under Rs 5000. They should have at least packed a qHD display for a better viewing experience. The viewing angles are OK,not great. Readability under direct sunlight is poor. ## Operating System and Performance Nokia X is powered by a 1Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play dual-core CPU and Adreno 203 GPU. It only has 512MB Ram. The specs are disappointing considering the various Android devices at this price range ships with far better processor and gpu,plus 1 GB of ram. Antutu Benchmark Score - 7400 [ Similarly priced Xolo Q700S, Micromax A114, Canvas Mini 200 etc score around 17000 ] Nokia has opted for a modified Android version ( based on 4.1.2 Jellybean ) instead of a smoother stock Android experience. Most of the part, the UI is smooth,but you will find lags here and there during application usage,often due to a low end processor and 512MB ram it has. Even though this runs Android, Nokia has modified it so much so that it would be difficult to see any traits of Android UI style in there. It has a Lumia like homescreen and there is only one button to navigate - a back button. There is no multitasking button to switch between apps which is very disappointing. ## Software Nokia has opted not to include Google Apps, instead are promoting those apps they favor. So the popular core apps of Android, like Android PlayStore, Gmail,Google Maps, Google+ etc are missing. There are Microsoft apps and Nokia's own popular apps like Nokia HERE Maps included. Whatever alternatives they provide,without the Google Playstore,you are missing a lot of vast variety of apps. However you can Install Amazon Appstore and install many apps through it. ## Camera Disappointing. The 3MP camera on the back is a FIXED FOCUS camera. Without Auto focus capabilities,its hard to get good pics often. ## Battery This ships with only a 1500mAh powered one,which is not great. You would hardly be able to get one whole day of battery backup with this (average use with internet on ). ## Verdict ## If you are already an Android user,then its better to stay away from this Android device,as the UI is completely different and confusing. For a new user, or someone coming from a windows phone, the experience would be much better. The lack of Google Playstore is a major disadvantage with this device,as the included Nokia Appstore doesnt have many popular Android apps. Buy this only if you wanna try out a different new Android UI. My recommendation is to spend a few more bucks extra and get a better performing Android device powered by Quadcore CPU and 1GB of ram.
awesome phone
Nokia X one of the best phone by nokia, Mainly its look like Asha 501, android Heart With Windows soul and asha body Very Good Product, Camera 3.15 very good in day light compare to other product in the same price... Multi tasking is differnt If You love Android GO FOR IT.... Lumia 520 is better than NOKIA X IN MY view LUMIA 520 IS SUPERB
This phone has all the facility which is required to available for a phone. With the given price & Brand name this phone is worth at all for common people who value for there money. Easy contact transfer, easy to handle and all application is user frendly.
Good dealing
Nice product
Good quality
Nokia X,as you may have already heard is the first Android device from Nokia. Many Android fans have been waiting for an Android device from Nokia for years,and now they finally have it. Unfortunately Nokia has decided to bring out a low end budget phone instead of a phone with high end specs and all. ## Screen And Build Quality At first look,Nokia X looks like just another Lumia device,the build quality and design is almost same as their popular Lumia devices. Poly carbonate all around with colored interchangeable back panel gives it an attractive look. The device is easy to hold,and the size is perfect for one handed operation. On the front, there is a 4 inch IPS LCD, 800 x 480 pixels WVGA resolution display which is usually seen in devices under Rs 5000. They should have at least packed a qHD display for a better viewing experience. The viewing angles are OK,not great. Readability under direct sunlight is poor. ## Operating System and Performance Nokia X is powered by a 1Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Play dual-core CPU and Adreno 203 GPU. It only has 512MB Ram. The specs are disappointing considering the various Android devices at this price range ships with far better processor and gpu,plus 1 GB of ram. Antutu Benchmark Score - 7400 [ Similarly priced Xolo Q700S, Micromax A114 etc score around 17000 ] Nokia has opted for a modified Android version ( based on 4.1.2 Jellybean ) instead of a smoother stock Android experience. Most of the part, the UI is smooth,but you will find lags here and there during application usage,often due to a low end processor and 512MB ram it has. Even though this runs Android, Nokia has modified it so much so that it would be difficult to see any traits of Android UI style in there. It has a Lumia like homescreen and there is only one button to navigate - a back button. There is no multitasking button to switch between apps which is very disappointing. ## Software Nokia has opted not to include Google Apps, instead are promoting the apps they favor. So the popular core apps of Android, like Android PlayStore, Gmail,Google Maps, Google+ etc are missing. There are various Microsoft apps and Nokia's own popular apps like Nokia HERE Maps included. Whatever alternatives they provide,without the Google Playstore,you are missing a lot of vast variety of apps. However you can Install Amazon Appstore and install many apps through it. ## Camera Disappointing. The 3MP camera on the back is a FIXED FOCUS camera. Without Auto focus capabilities,its hard to get good pics often. ## Battery This ships with only a 1500mAh powered one,which is not great. You would hardly be able to get one whole day of battery backup with this (average use with internet on ). ## Verdict ## If you are already an Android user,then its better to stay away from this Android device,as the UI is completely different and confusing. For a new user, or someone coming from a windows phone, the experience would be much better. The lack of Google Playstore is a major disadvantage with this device,as the included Nokia Appstore doesnt have many popular Android apps. Buy this only if you wanna try out a different new Android UI. My recommendation is to spend a few more bucks extra and get a better performing Android device powered by Quadcore CPU and 1GB of ram.
Great phone
nice.......
1. Wifi connectivity very slow. 2. while using wifi battery getting heat. 3. Battery backup 6 to 8 hrs. 4. Some file are not supportive.
One of my sim card is not working which is properly working in this product in my another phone nokia Lumia 520
Poor rocessir low RAM and lag as well..Nokia is kidding Indian people please don't buy. Why they launched this in India. Are we so foolish
good prize
Best buy!!
Good Phone
excellent.
Best price
Good phone
nice daaaa
Awesome phone..!!! >>^^<<
satisfied
very good
beautiful
Vàrry bad
Bad phone
very good
The product is fantastic for surfing web and youtube.. the screen on this device is brilliantly fantastic. the build quality is superb and the battery life is amazing.. well done nokia and thank you so much amazon for giving up a great delivery. :)
Amazone is nice website and best i never had seen.Nokia is best phone in present gadgets.It is beter to come with 1 gb RAM.
Good one
Good one
nice...
Mobile is not. although this is android you dont fell it like android. +Cheap and fulfills my requirement +Fresh Look -Ve - No Google Play -Ve- Bold
Don't buy this phone if you are already anorid user.. Pron. Brand Name : Nokia ( only ) Corns *This is not anorid phone *Can't sync with google *Can't use gmail *you will not find any required application in Nokia store. * Poor battery backup *Pathetic Dial-er interface *Poor sensor automatic phone answer while ringing in pocket *you can not see battery % on screen *No LED for low battery sing i think this is enough reason to not buy this phone. i would strongly recommend to not buy this phone.
THE AVERAGE PHONE
Prior to my purchase I heard that the phone was not so good but with my experience I can say that the phone is quit good. Unlike others say, its not that difficult to find apps. There are plenty of ways to find apps other than the Nokia suite. The camera is good, the sound is good, the battery life is okay and the whole windroid look is cool. I believe that for this price, its the best in the market.
Product is good, But there is no guarantee or user guide given which is like purchasing ur items from grey market.
WE ARE NOT EXPECTED THIS TYPE OF SECURE PACKING OF PRODUCT AND WE ARE HAPPY THE PRODUCT IS EXCELLENT THANKING U
Nokia this model really I am very disappointed. Because when you cut the cal it's goes to hanging.
great mobile. features are very good but always due to sending of item by post the handling is very poor.
good
Nice
good
Nice
Nice
Good
good
good
GOOD
good
good
Good
good
a simple smart phone. does not have a flash with the camera. other features are average.
I purchased Nokia X from amazon which was Rs 1000/- cheaper from the market price, the product i received within 1 day after ordering, the product is very good also i am quite satisfied with amazon service.
PHONE IS GOOD PRICE IS GOOD PACKING IS WORST BEST PRICE
Gud
Grt
It is not working 3g. it is work only 2g. And it is very slow
this is best phone in this price range supporting apps
ok
Thank you for the magnificent product.
Phone is very good But donot buy it from Amzon ... you will never get your product on time .. but delay with 4 -5 days .. with the pathetic service of Amazon ... FlipKart is better than this .. wahiyat service provider ....
Excellent
Good ad just able not a very good smartphone its not a android phone Its a Nokia phone ! !
gud..
wastage of money u can buy same price phone with lot off features for other company phone which have lot of features
very good product
