B00IXCYWJW
I bought this phone on first Week of Dec'14. At first, I found this to be a excellent phone. Built was good (Plastic, but this is expected at this price). UI is customized by Lenovo, being Samsung user, initially faced difficulty in finding options (couldn't find option till last date to check if RAM is actually of 1GB as claimed). I faced two issues with this. 1. Gravity sensor of the phone is non existent. Turn the phone and wait for it to rotate the screen. And, if by chance, you have rotated it by mistake, it will take eternity to come back to original. Forget about playing games on it. I learned it hard way and had to disable the feature itself. 2. Some times, I was not able to receive incoming calls as the slide function won't work. It happened very random but happened for sure. I checked Lenovo forum, checked other website, but couldn't find solution. I checked with one of my friend who bought same phone about 2months back, he was also facing same issue. It was then, that I decided to return it back as it seems issue with the phone S/W or hardware and it makes no sense to have a phone, which don't allow you the basic function of a phone ie. receive a call.
At this price this piece is good. Its little heavy though. A flash light would have made little difference to this big device. The quality of ear phone is pathetic. They should consider replacing it with in ear phones
Lenovo A680 is yet another Mtk6582 quadcore, 1GB ram,under Rs 10000 device out there. The performance of the device is like any other device powered by this processor. It gives good gaming performance and overall multitasking is lag free. Camera : This is one of the biggest disappointing thing about this phone. This is a FIXED FOCUS camera,so you can't always get the area you want to focus in focus. Touch to focus is also not functional. Another disappointing thing about the device is the Display resolution,480 x 854 pixels resolution on a 5inches screen is not that great to look at. But its OK,usable. It houses a 2000mAh which is powerful enough to get you through a day of moderate use. It is running on Android 4.2 jellybean. Unlike other budget devices, Lenovo ships their modified user interface instead of the more smoother and faster stock UI. The UI is a mixed bag,it looks good in some areas,and looks unpolished in some other sections. Overall a good budget device,with good performance. The Antutu benchmark score is around 17500 which is quite good. Fixed Focus camera is one the major cons of the device.
i love it its having all features and very good deal in this amount.i strongly recommend this fone to those who want good fone in reasonable price
Was just browsing around on amazon and found this phone on the hourly deal. Anyhow I was inquisitive of android system so got the phone in a flash and wow it lived upto my expectations. Lenovo A680 is a good phone with good specs and I am happily enjoying games and apps on the phone.
Bought it at around 5K from amazon. Pros - Value for money, nice display (better than I expected), good android experience, no lag, smooth touch, good video recording, speaker is pretty loud, call quality is good, nice audio quality (use good quality headphone) Cons - battery suddenly dropping from 85% to 15% after restarting (happened 2 times out of 5 restarts over a period of 3 days), overall battery backup is poorer than expected (don't buy it if you want long hours of gaming/3G browsing), no screen protector is provided, screen is reflective, no camera flash, 5MP still camera is not up to the mark
touch screen is not good. I am struggling to operate sometimes with touch screen. It is not responding properly. It is hanging while operating something.
A good phone from Lenovo, I recommend it for the features and price range,the drawback being the 2 GB internal memory.Also I had an issue with the screen calibration as the touch screen was not responding at a few places, but it was replaced by the service centre guys at Bangalore.Also was surprised to know that Lenovo has just 2 service centers in Bangalore which is really bad.
I am convinced . it is worth. works fine. touch is good. Worth paying for the model. cheap but with good features. Dhana
Overall Good Phone, Battery life is also good, The only problem if thickness should be less and also should be light in weight.
Its a good phone.nyc features.comes preloaded with applications like gameloft. Calendar...mail..etc... But WhatsApp not loaded...twitter ..facebook also preloaded..The camera however has no flash..rest is all fine..macrosim slots. Available...
Good Budget smart phone from lenovo. Good battery and good performance. 1gb ram and 5mp camera in this range is really a treat for the users.
The advantage is most /same of the features at lower price when compared other branded phones. But following are the disadvantages 1. Rear Camera quality is poor even it boasts of 5MP. I didn't expect the camera quality to be soo poor. Also, no zoom facility (known when ordering). 2. Many at times the touch screen doesn't work properly especially at the right/left-end of the screen. Need to press harder.
lenovo a680 phone is bad this phone motion senser is not working please do not purchase this phone
The touch pad is pathetic.... worst experience when writing notes and contacts. Forget playing motion games on this phones even temple run turns cant be made.... Pathetic.... Low price chinese mall.... I baught it for my mom ... she loves it as this is her first smart phone but i should have gone for moto e....
Gd Mobile. Worth for the price. Pic quality can be improved.
Its accelerometer is not working properly. If you wish to play games like Temple Run 2 or GT Racing, then forget about it.... But at this price, its the best phone....
I bought this for Amazon but so worst item given to me that the company is a little bit fraud I give minus ranking It's mobile phone touch very worst
Great product at this price when i purchased, good built quality, touch response is good, battery backup more than average, ram management is really good.
This is a damn good phone for such a budget(I got this for INR 4970). I am using this for the past one and half month, not yet felt any problems.
this price range its very good mobile so dont be confused grab it but touch is not verysmooth but product is good
Major issue : motion sensor not working :-( , so we unable to play some games like track games,temple run..
Overall perfommance is good... camera is not of use at night....but at this price its convincing...
Disappointed. In just 1 month its touch screen become irresponsive. Money wasted..!!
phone's cpu, ram, touch, camera, and battery backup is excellent thnks to lenovo
Lenovo 680 is very gud.I m using it.batry back up is too gud n camera is awesome
At this price product is best. N thanks to amazon for quick n nice service.
This set is ordinary not good camera but hand set avarge cell phone
It has no camera quality. Low speaker sound. No camera flash light.
I PURCHASED THIS CAMERA(A680) WHEN I HAVE GIVEN MY MY BRAND P780 FOR WARRANTY CLAIM(HAD A DISPLAY PROBLEM)...BUT THIS A 680 MADE MY DAYS SO PATHETIC THAT 1)THERE IS NO RANGE AT MY HOME( HEART OF THE CITY MANGALORE)...OTHER MOBILES(SAMSUNG) HAD GOOD SIGNAL 2)BATTERY...OH GREAT ...EX ...100% CHARGED BEFORE SLEEP AT 11-30 PM ..AT THE MORNING NEXT DAY 8-00 AM (WITHOUT USE 67%)..DAILY THREE TIME CHARGE REQUIRED. 3)WARRANTY SERVICE AT MY CITY (MANGALORE ) ...AGAIN OH GREAT...TILL TODAY .. 10+DAYS... NOT RECTIFIED ..NO PARTS.INSPITE OF MAILE TO LENOVO CUSTOMER CARE...NO USE.
this good value for money mobile...good quality good perfomence
Excellent model n economical. I highly suggest for this model
not gud!! it sometimes become hot while using and charging
Its totally waster for money.The device is getting heat.
Mobile is good but does not have flash the only drawback
Camera not good draw back not having flash volume good
At first I want to thanks Amazon for its marvelous service..I havnt expected so early delivery of my product.I am amazed.. Coming to phone- pros- looks is very good, doesnt look like a 8000 range phone, looks like above 15k.. not heavy, and easy to handle required apps are already present, no need to download them except skype. easy to learn about the phone and battery backup is also very good.. lasts upto 2 -3.5 days, I play games and listen to music. cons- not as much, only motion sensor is absent, but who cares...its not an important feature, without which a phone wl become inaccessible flash should be included, otherwise camera is good...clear picture. HDR supportable..
hav no battery back up... and look like a china piece
Good But Touch Not Work Speedily 9414072252
Very good phone. Low cost, but good performance....
This phone is not good .No flash ,no otg cable etc
awesome phone for that price. worth every penny..
very good phone....good touch screen, good battry
It is good mobile. Battery backup is also good.
this phone is not worth buying...the UI can be a problem for first time users and moreover my piece was hanging up after every hour and it had to be restarted on hourly basis.....i am just about to get it repaired from a lenovo store near me but i would like to tell you micromax provides far better phones in this price range....go for them!!!!!
Not too good display clearity was not good
I am very happy for your instant delivery.
Nice phone at Rs.4800/- value for money.
Its really good product with in low cost
Pros: Screen resolution is good. Good internet speed. Quad core processor with very less price. Cons: Tilt is not working Rear camera is average. Too bad when we take a pic at night. Looks good when we take pic in day time outside. Front camera is average
real beauty of amazing amzon purchage
nice phone.good pack while I receive
Still working fine after six months
this is better phone for this range
good phone...in its range of amount
Very good phone at this price range
one drawback no flash for camera
Very nice mobile in this budget
Superb Phone for an basic user
A good internet surfing phone
Good features. Looks stylish
delivered in good condition.
Good surprise deal&services
best in its price segment
Good phone at this price
It is good for the rate.
Good, Cost effective one
ramu
Good phone good service
In the budget phone segment it is a good buy..but there are few issues with the wi fi connectivity...hence 3 stars
Button is not working
Worth for the money
Excellent Prodcut
Nice work n price
Liked it so much.
item as describe
fine product
Its not good
great mobile
Nice phone.
it's good.
Good phone
It is good
Look & Feel wise it is Ok. But the phone has tilt issues. When watching movies f you turn the phone horizontally the video never adjusts horizontally ! Looks like the sensor has issues detecting the motion. You can watch movies only in the vertical direction.
Very nice
i like it
excellent
excellent
very good
It's O.K.
Timely delivered by Amazon, but phone is not good. It takes too much time to get fully charged and battery drains much faster. Usually gets hanged and sometimes shows blank screen. 2 stars just for Amazon, nothing for the phone.
awesome
thanks
v.Good
Pros Good screen Value for money Cons No flash Have to press the on/off button, if screen is off
super
A little bulky with low res camera , but functionally quite good. 5 inches is the great thing at this price.
Nice
GOOD
good
Fine
Good
Nice
good
Good
Good
nice
I am happy wid both the fones,but may I get address of lenovo service centre
Surprised to see no flash with camera
It is getting hanged
