B00I0SM4PS
Xperia E1 is a successor to Sony's Xperia E released in 2013. The E1 has better specs and better performance than the old one,and is one of the best 'branded' budget device coming under Rs10000. Performance : Even though this only has a dual core processor and 512MB ram,the performance of the device is excellent. Many games like Temple Run,Riptide GP2,Dead trigger etc ran without much issues thanks to Adreno 302 GPU on board. Some Notable features and issues 1) A dedicated walkman key on the top. 2) Camera is just a basic 3MP auto focus one with No led flash.Only WVGA@30fps Video is supported. There is no front cam.Overall disappointed. 3) The build quality of the phone is excellent,doesnt look cheap at all.The back cover has a matte finish which gives it a nice grip to hold the phone. 4) Apps CANNOT be moved to sdcard which means you are left with 2GB of storage for apps. 5) Viewing angles are OK,not that good. The brightness fades when playing tilting games like Riptide GP2. 6) Android 4.3 Jellybean,and 4.4 Kitkat update is expected. 7) Only 512 MB ram. 8) On screen home,back,multitasking buttons. 9) Phone is thicker than many other budget devices. 10) Li-Ion 1750 mAh battery - If you are a heavy internet user,not enough to get you through one full day. Benchmarks Nenamark Score - 56fps - Impressive. Antutu Benchmark - 12900 - Quadcore devices like Xolo Q700,Q700i scores the same. Quadrant - 5680 In the Box - USB charger,Cable,Normal headphones. Overall a good branded budget device ,far better than those budget devices offered by Samsung,both in terms of performance and build quality. However,you can get better 1GB,quadcore devices from indian manufactures like Micromax,Xolo etc at this price range. If 'Brand' doesn't matter to you,i would suggest you to get those. NOTE : If you buy it from a Sony Dealer,you can get a FREE headset (Sony MDR-ZX110A) worth Rs. 1390. Im not sure whether this deal is available online as it is not mentioned anywhere.
One cannot expect much from a budget device. But when compared to Moto E I would rather say it slightly slides down a bit. The camera quality is not good. RAM is certainly not enough as the phone hangs quite a bit , If you listen to a song and simultaneously browse in chrome app ( as chrome occupies lot of ram ). Its better than other devices at this price range except for Moto E. Overall its a good phone and i would not regret buying it. PROs : Dual core processor , adreno 302 , 100db speaker , Nice interface. CONs: Less Ram (hangs quite a bit) , Poor camera quality, No android Kitkat.
Bought this phone a month earlier out of confusion. The reason was that the reviews don't speak highly of it. Some of the issues of my concern were- 1. Can't move apps to sd card. 2.Less RAM of 512 MB only. 3. Slow processor. HOW I OVERCAME OF THESE- 1.updated the operating system to Android. kitkat 4.4. Now I can easily move important apps,games etc to sd card. 2. A 512 MB RAM is not less by any means. If it appears insufficient, make a habit of 'Force closing ' the apps while not in use. 3. The slowness of the system appears when the RAM doesn't have free space. Try the above trick to sort it out. Look u can't expect to get a Sony Xperia Z at Rs. 6149.00 (I bought it at Rs 5990!!). What u can get a phone better at the same price. Trust me this is the best piece at this value.
Wonderful piece at this price. The touch is buttery smooth and no lagging whatsoever when compared to other phones of this range. Didn't face any problem till now while playing games. The best thing is the sound and image clarity. This is a gem for music lovers and there's a separate outside button also for listening songs. You can listen to a different song each time just by shaking the phone. There are lot many features to tell about (you can see them in the phone description) and I didn't find any drawbacks in any of them. Moreover, it's the Sony brand which makes you trust it and there's one year warranty as well from them. Simply, love it...
It's quite a good phone for it's price. The 3 MP camera is good and takes pretty clear pictures even in low light. The apps run smoothly and the speaker works fine too. But sadly, the apps directly downloaded or pictures or videos that are taken from the camera goes into the internal memory and cannot be moved to the SD card. It has a dedicated music player but I'd have liked the ear phone volume to be a bit more loud as it does not have an in-ear cord, the ambient noises disrupt the music. Overall, it works well and good. If you have a restricted budget, this might be a great catch.
It's really sad to say that Sony is selling such a phone. Without any reason it hangs and that to me is a big problem. I work for the media and bad publicity is always bad for any brand. It is better to withdraw such products and replace them with better quality products and charge extra rather than say its a smart phone for such a less price. Overall it's a bad offering coming from such a huge name SONY.
Good phone!! The camera is not at all good... But the design is outstanding. Battery life is good. But after upgrading to 4.4.2 kitkat Facebook has got installed. This is the only drawback which i have noticed till date...... Amazon did a good job by delivering the item within 2 days but the packaging was not at all good
Good phone with goods specifications for the specified price range.
Tottaly waste ....product ...the handset get hang over n over
genuine and good hanset with loaded features..thanks amazon
Great quality phone for its price.
Good Product at best price !!!
awesome
good
Not ordered for this product. Forcefully sending an email saying products under despatch. Not even able to cancel the order showing it's under process...
