B00IXD0B8W
Very quick memory dump,can't play videos without clear memory and nokia needs to improve a lot in many ways.and battery life is also very bad as per Nokia's repo.
I was worried because of other's reviews. this phone is just awesome. No issue in Downloading and using whatsapp, skype or any other apps. pretty fast and good performance. And this Amazon guys amazed me with a very fast delivery. got my phone on the very next day of oredering. thank you my amazon fellows
This is good Nokia phone in budget of under 7500. Don't expect high end games to run on this. HD videos works fine. No lags. Camera is good.
Not upto the standards which Nokia is known for. I ordered this phone from Amazon. Delivery was not very prompt. It took almost 3-4 days though the phone was delivered from a location in Bangalore itself. I ignored the delayed delivery as I was looking forward to a Nokia experience. Till date I have been using Nokia phones only. My previous phone was a Nokia Lumia. I have been using the phone for the past 2 days. I have been facing a lot of issues. a. Phone hangs. I would have rebooted the phone at least 8-10 times in the last 2 days. b. Response from the touch screen is really really not up to the mark. Sometimes I have to tap 5 - 6 times for one function. c. There seems to be a problem in the audio hardware part of the phone. I called my family on a landline, I was able to hear them but they were not able to hear my voice. This happened 4 - 5 times today. After sometime every thing became normal when I called again and we were able to talk.
Mobile is best in class. You cannot switch to only 3g mode only auto mode will work. Battery Life is good than other android. One more thing if you like games please don't buy this phone only few games are supported. One more thing you have seen a video call option in samsung galaxy phones with front camera by which you can do video call directly to your friends ::::but in Nokia XL no direct video call feature is available And sound is more than best in class but when you connect earphone in 3.5 mm Jack some video formats(mp4,3gp etc) sounds very low such like volume 1 of other phones =full volumeof XL only with earphone and mp3 will be medium in volume when connected to earphone And except these things everything is better than other Android in this price range To know more email me rishabhmani97@rediffmail.com
amazing phone from nokia .iam big fan of nokia as family..i thank amazon for costmer support.,this 3 oder in amazon with in 1 week.i allready purches nokia lumia 625 white .now xl,, all or good product from amazon..once again thank to amamzon.for their support.....costomer.............
Nice phone. Good response of screen. No problems faced till now. been using for six months.
Gud phone..touch is very gud battery backup is fair...but this is not an lite weight phone ....and looks likes an expensive phone ....the main reason for buying this phone is ......is has a superb front and back camera ....anyway iam very happy with this phone.........
I am using this Nokia phone mostly for office purpose. Great performance on accessing all my documents via my Microsoft account and also One Drive. Having all my documents handy on the go, really cool. The Nokia XL has a large screen with an excellent response time. The camera (back and front camera) delivers photos in very high quality. This counts as well for Skype chat (Skype app comes along with the phone), it is very good video quality. The battery keeps loaded for a good amount of time, i recharge usually once a day one full re-charge. The only dis-advantage of this phone is that not all apps can be downloaded via Microsoft. Here you need to be creative at times. 4 stars for a phone which helps doing my office stuff even on the go!
Phone is excellent as expected to be, you can watch youtube videos in 2g without buffering, camera is nice and takes good picture even in dark, but the headphone provided with this phone is not that good, and the packaging was worst I have ever seen while making online purchases, and I do have some doubt with the seller also as when I received the phone its packet seal was already broken,for that I have dome doubt eith the originality of the phone as there are lots of fake nokia mobiles in the market,but as this product was fulfilled by amazon.in I didnt had second thought while making the purchase, so I would tell everyone if this phone fits in your requirements just go for it at amazon.in.
Phone I got is ok but double tap to unlock not working I checked the settings performance is not good game stucks sound very low there is 3d sound setting and one more thing but useless download manager worst cant see resume there is an email software where u can add multiple account and they have given outlook waste of memory cleanup utility how it works dont know why it stops only one or two apps memory utilization always around 4000mb or above for more info use it at your own investment no datacable at all charging issue is there battery meter don't works fine
Very good phone real xl size battery the phone is totally alive the size the screen clearity, real colors of screen above all very low power consumption & data consumption Nokia's mail client preloaded works equivalent to the gmail in other phones wps office freeware works very fine, ram is not overloaded with unwanted apps no need of battery apps just charge it once you need to touch charger in next 2 days really guys you all will be fan of it not all features of Android but all needed features of Android I got it at 7885 in this price tag it is awesome ...
Nice mobil, battery is ok, display is very nice touch also very good. Wi fi hot spot is very good, im using my teb via nokia xl and its working grate. Both Camera are very nice flash is very good. But 1 thing is too bad is udontt have google play and any other app store will not support nokia xl.But I like this mobil and its fast processor. Thank you Amezan and nokia.
Good looking stylish handset... Problwm is .. it has no blu rey driver.. hence cant paly hd bluray videos.. Took 8-10 days for delivery... ..frustrating..
this is amazing phone...I did go through all the phones in this range but thanks to nokia...all apps are superb......also amazon is best
Nokia xl is the best budget phone with features such as a front camera & Rear camera and some inbuilt apps such as here maps ,zombies vs plants & many more apps it has a very big 5" screen but somethings are there that we Shouldn't buy this mobile because it doesn't have playstore & the ram is very less you would use some third party app stores like yandex ,aptoide ,1mobile store & many more apps from my opinion its a good buy...
Large screen, one of its kind in Nokia segment. Pros: Display quiet good Camera good featured, supported by flash which is needed Fastlane feature which keep track of latest things you did Cons: Major problem is with certain android apps which doesn't support this phone and need to download from 3rd party store after downloading from 3rd party store also some apps doesn't supported by phone, and to install it referred some unknown sources on internet.
The Lumia Windows 8 look doesn't work for me, i hate it. Thank god there is an app called GO Launcher and with it you're at home with the standard home screen. Always loved Nokia, sad to see them lose the name. As an avid Nokia buyer you'd love this but if you just want a good android phone, best that you go for a Micromax or Samsung but the discounted price is inviting.
Guys believe me its really cool phone and specially all the issues are fixed now... like whatspp and others .....
I bought this phone another on-line merchant. And amazon is offering this cheaper. But this phone is really fantastic. I am earlier user of Nokia Pureview 808, Lumia 510, 710 + Samsung Note1, core, duos + Sony xperia tipo, M, C + HTC incredible S + Micromax Canvas HD 116 + Xolo Q3000, q700 etc. So where I am writing this is best, it means Nokia XL shown excellence in comparing to all above models. Looks: This is really great looking a little broader that other now a days phones. So it looks like mini table phone. Little bit bulky feeling for 4" screen phone users, but much lighter than Micromax HD and Xolo q3000. Usability: After half an hour of using this phone, I become habitual to all its style and clicks. Touch: It is really nice and smooth. Response is little bit (very little bit) slower than compared to Xolo q3000 (it has 2 GB ram and Quad core processor). Battery: No other phones can survive as compared to Nokia XL. It has only 2000 mAH battery. I bet that directly compare this to any 4000 mAH battery phone like Gionee M2 or Xolo Q3000. I am using this phone with 3 emails account configured, Whatsapp, Facebook, Hike configured. 3G ON, Wi-Fi On, and guess what? Lost 25% in from 5Pm evening to 5am morning (12 hours). It was still remaining 35% after 24 hours of use with 1 hr candy crush play and aprox 1 hr 3G surfing. It means you will have 2 day backup of you are less on online activities. Processing Speed: As per the phone using, there is no lag, no slowness. Yes but it show lag during listing files from a folder if there are so many files. That's due to less RAM. But in phone using there is no slowness. It have A5 dual core processor and till date I am unable to smoothly play full HD movies. It is capable till 720p but not for 1024p. Best result for 480p videos. Application Support: It is just a false rumor that it doesn't support most of the application of android market. After getting the phone, in first hour, I installed Whatsapp, Hike, Facebook, Candycrush, Mobikwik app, Aviate Launcher, Call Blacklist, Hindu Calender, Flashlight, CleanMaster, ShareIT, Temple run, subway surfer, Angry bird also supported. Its core is Android, so most application support is available. Missing Google Play Services/Store..? Not exactly: After 3 days of using, I am not missing Play store any more. 1st Day I was searching for Candy Crush in Nokia Store (already installed in this phone), It suggested me by its own, to install 1Mobile Market. I installed it, and all popular play store Apps are here to install for free. Syncing Contacts from Google: Firstly I found this is not possible, but later on I found a safe solution without installing any third party app. I created an outlook.com account only for this purpose. From my Google account, exported all contacts as google CSV format. In outlook.com account there is option to import from google. So uploaded the CSV file here and all my google contacts are now on outlook.com. Whenever I will leave nokia and go back to other brands android where Play services support, I will export updated list from outlook.com and import to my google account back. Nokia XL can sync contacts from outlook.com account. So be happy for it. Network and Call quality: No other brand can compete with Nokia in sense of Call clarity and call voice quality. Network reception is over excellent. Where other phone fails like sony, htc, samsung.. Nokia shows Network in working condition and usable too. I am loving it. The new unique windows like interface, android in the heart, Faith of Nokia brand what else most of the smartphone users want?
What a phone !! Runs all the android apk files . big screen and its design makes it look sharp and good .. moto g 2nd gen looks like a very small phone in front of the xl .. not laggy at all ..yes im having this phone from a long time does not lag at all .. it gives its windows phone look but is android inside .. this is the BEST PHONE at this price range for sure !
Nice hany little tab .someone had writen whats app is not supported but you can download it by downloading 9apps.it's picture is given below.u can update u r apps by using 9apps.nice mobile size very big more than my expectations.if I take this mobile in my hand it shows me very rich.l give can 1000 star but it is having only 5 star so l give 5star for this mobile
Its good product in this range. The camera is of superb quality. Processing is also very good. Go for it.
Sorry for the inconvenience Message. This is worst mobile (Nokia XL) No whatsup, Google Apps etc.....
hey guys got this phone for my mom recently.its pretty good.whatsapp doesnt work but whatsapp+ works fine.just download its apk and your good to go.all basic games like temple run oz and fruit ninja working ok.display is decent and the nokia modified android is surprisingly fast.only thing i feel missing is home screen functionality.i havent tried any heavy gaming yet..rear camera is decent in normal lighting.secondary camera is also ok..overall for rs 10.5k its a good buy for normal usage...
Awesome phone in best price, having an experience like using my tablet, using for reading pdf files on large screen even playing HD movies without any problem. User friendly and changed the basic screen with the android theme feeling like android phone, almost every android apps run on this device. A complete budget phone.
I purchased nokia XL from amazon.in 1.5 months ago. Now it is operating smoothly. I like this mobile very much. really amazon.com is a good online shopping company. I think , I can purchase a large number of products from this site onwards without looking other sites .It provides good quality products.. thanks Amazon.in
IT IS VERY GOOD LOOKING. +VE's= IT SUPPORT ALL ANDROID APP'S WITH GOOD WORKING WHATSAPP. 2)THERE WERE NO LAGS IN WORKING OF MOBILE 3)GOOD BATTERY BACKUP .... -VE's= CAMERA QUALITY IS NOT UPTO MARK. IF YOU PREFER THE MOBILE FOR CAM BETTER CHANGE YOUR OPINION EVEN THOUGH IT COMES WITH FLASH.
The display god damaged within one month of purchase and was replaced under warranty. I was told that it would have cost INR3000.00/- if not in warranty. When checked online, found many people reporting this issue " A white line in the display", the same i experienced. All other wise its good and fantastic.
VERY DULL SPEED & SLOW. GOOGLE PLAY NOT USEABLE. MANY GOOD APPLICATIONS FROM GOOGLE NOT SUPPORTED BATTERY DRAINGE IS VERY FAST
This is very good and video calling is superb from any other smart phone from this range.
I bought a Nokia XL in last Diwali offer. My friends are using a same model phones. They are not facing any prob in a last 7 to 8 months. They bought from the showrooms. But I bought in amazon. I really facing the quality difference between showroom and amazon. This is not original Nokia quality.
I bought this phone 4m amazon on 18 oct nd in 13 nov my head phone jack did not work , really got dissipointed about amazon.,is their prouct are bad xo they gv it 2ooo-1000 less then market price,, i clain 2 replacement bt cnt do it , i decide 2 nver and ever buy any product 4m amazon,, gud bye
''Bigger the better'' doesn't apply on NOKIA XL.Sorry Nokia but its surely one of the worse product by a reputed brand. People just don't waste your money. Again hats off to AMAZON's service,I could return it sans any difficulty and got the refund within a day to my account. Thank you Amazon
Not meeting expectation
In this Price Segment you will not find such phone with dual stand by Micro Sim, with dual Camera and 5 Inch big Screen. and all other apps are working and processor is also up to the mark. camera clarity is always plus point in Nokia Mobile. Minus Point is : Not having Data Cable in Pack & Earphones is weak and not comfortable with every ear size.
Whatsapp aint workin so do you need any more reasons for not buying it. A big NO for this phone
Best Battery life, Robust feel, Loud Sound, Android app working great, Camera fair Enough, JUST GO FOR IT, I DO A LOT OF R&D Befor buying. Its Best for the Price and Remember nokia Quality!!! GOOD servicr from Amazon
yea mobile theak hai... kafi mast hai .... really but ... internet use karte time mobile thora heat ho jata hai.. video hd support nahi kar ta hai ... 100mb se jada wala... pic to kmal ki aati hai... 3g net 6 hour cont. use kar skate hai.!! es mobile ke sath headphone beakar hai maja nahi aa ta hai music ka!! all over mobile theak hai....
The display light reduces suddenly and also increases unpredictably.
nokia mobiles really sucks in performance..never go for this mobile
good product, but the screen i expected is not, a bit dull. the ph looks stylish, and sleek. the speed of the ph is average but not too lag, at this price range, it is a bit high, guys my suggestion would be go for pure android like motorolla
Net is so good but have few prob in this phone 1.when me disconnected the phone called after that net work put off automatically few seconds.2.colour Faith only black colour nt faith.I used blue colour already 1weekend I seen that prob
as compare to other smart phones nokia xl has a great battery backup as well as the screen size given on this is awesome the features are excelent within the price range. its nice 1 to go with the quality of nokia as well as excelent features, just1 thing i find less is the primary camera should have been more powerfull.
amazon service is not good they provide defective material to customer. Before 2 days I purchased Nokia XL from amazon.in but camera flash not working and I am trying to contact them but I don't get any customer care number on their site. In Comprising other online shopping website given there customer care number.
One of The most pathetic phones , nobody can hear me clearly when i speak , the screen keeps fluctuating and has some malfunction problem , the front camera is jus like a vga camera , battery will last u only half a day .
It's totally a waste Ph, it doesnt have 1.Wats App support 2. No maps 3. No store attachement by looking its too big, but for operation its not that much good, hence my recomandation if you plan to buy avoid this ph Esa
Phone is better.No doubt about Nokia Technology.But adreno 203 Graphics makes poor game performance,its heavy smartphone and not perfect in hand and design is also no good.but nokia's camera are too good and battery also.
Don't ever purchase this bloody phone , I m not satisfied with this phone, it will give u only regret and confusions only.. becuse 1. While operating more then two of three applications in a same time it will start perform slow. 2. While charging back side will hit badly. 3. Many of essential application are not available, and u hav to struggle to search here and there ,like pdf reader, what apps, and many more apps you have to search. After 7 days of purchasing this phone is I m still Unable to search pdf reder for xl 4. Once you download whatapp it will show u application not support but very no u can chat through this app entering in contact 5. Camara is ok for rear side but front is like vga or normal camara. 6. Fast lane is only for confusions. 7. Overall I am not satisfied with this phone, 8. After reading this review if any one goes for this phone then 100 % he will regret.
If u buy this phone ull really regret a lot, frst taught wch comes to mind is to sell on olx aftr using it fr few days , don go on looks of this mob, u shd compramise a lot wit this product ,,, bettr go fr android...
Its a great phone overall,with 5 Inches display,Dual-core 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4,great for games,camera is too good,battery is perfect 2000 mh,great phone and upgrade version of nokia X,i m sure u love it....
Excellent buy, value for money. And Amazon made it better
It is a good android phone from Nokia.Display is good. Internet is running fast.Camera is so so. Only problem battery back up is not so good. During charging mobile got heated. Software like whats app is not running.
The phone is good. Everything that I expected. No issues with any app that u might want to install. Camera is good. Just one issue...yhe phone sometimes restarts on its own. Other than that it works fine.
the phone looks good, however the software is not the latest and the phone gets slow as u keep using it.over all if you wanna go for a big looking phone in low price and nokia branded, then go for it.
I recieved it last 2 month before . Its working very good compare to other products coming under this price range... battery performance is very good. Whats app application is supporting very good.
I think its very good phone with compare to prize. Whatsapp u can dowload from 1 mobile . Everything is good one thing I want to know I want to download ms office. Please help me. I love this phone
All ok about this phone but speaker is not working properly while talking on call. Once i reset the phone then it became ok. battery backup is very good. So.i recomend one can use this phone.
Nokia XL is a superb phone. After using this product my standard has neen changed now I have a computer in my pocket with phone I got anumber of apps. I sugest every one to buy this product.
Good look, excellent. A little bi heavier. Functions good. Online enquiry done by me and purchased. Value for money. Option for transferring the files to Micro SD is not there.
mobile is good but the internal memory is just 2gb instead of claimed 4 gb. and the RAM is also very low just 512 MB. lookwise it is awesome and support all apps of android.
Super Cool phone... Its nokia..!!! Loving it...
faltu phone.battery is very bad. don't buy it.
how to install whatsapp on nokia xl????
Really a worthless phone.. apart from the camera which is good..there is no single feature that could be appreciated. you cannoy use any google app from the device...there is nothing in the nokia android store..u cannot connect the device through the pc suit..neither is any option to change the bluetooth folder. I can say I just wasted my money on this... There are far more better options out there. Don't get fooled please.
Very good & prompt service, satisfied, thanx
ON time deilvery. New piece. Good price. VFM
A piece of s***. Seriously. It has got ntn which i can say is awesome. Wasted my money, time to install whatsapp (2 days)...m getting rid of it now
Althogh it is an Android version , it is not supporting some apps. it looks like windows phone. i really hate this nokia theam on android. Dont buy if you want pure Andorid look. Negatives: -*****display quality is very very bad , very bluish display. -not an user friendly GUI. -No google paly store -Youtube app not working. -hand set is very bulgy. -many Android apps are not working. -Poor Gaming performance. -Dual core processor. positives: -Battery back up is very good.
This phone only works at one sim at a time if you are talking on the first call if someone calls on the 2nd call the 2nd call will come not reachable or switched off.
Nokia xl screen 5" os and resolution is very bad mostly talk about camera is 5mp resolution is very bad totally my option is this is not good to buy this mobile
It's good 2 use but not with whatsapp....
Third class phone *like driving Honda with nano's engine*!! Dont buy this phone, your life will be in mess. Bye
nice piece
Attractive ,easy-to-use,handy to carry,
Whatsapp doesn't work so what iis a use
I'm not able to configure my office email account in the phone.Got all server settings but no use.Many people tried to configure but no one could succeed.
The phn battery backup is not good. The phn battery become hot very easily .affer use of 1hours. The back cover colour is alsso become faad.
Problem is only with aaps. Not all apps run on xl platform other than this. This phone is better than samsung in terms of quality n hardware. Supurb.
Whatever i was looking for, i got it.
o.k Phone is a bit slow
Battery performance is not up to the mark. Battery gets die in less than a day usage, may be four to five hours usage. I wish my battery be replaced
i like it
hanging problem nt working properly in sms typing automatically some words type itself wt i do amazon do some solution it is waste of my money
Avoid nokia X series. Low memory, Less speed and most of all, Its neither android nor windows. Crappy mobile where even Whatsapp never work.
There is one significant problem at times signal disappears .this happens in all mobile service providers. Signal comesback in 20_25secs.
Faltu mobile, plz don't buy. Kela
it is a great mobile compare with prize.there are no any problem to handle it,slidely weight is more ,but overall it is a great peace.
It looks great with 'Solo Launcher' app rather Windows look. It gives pure Android look. Performance is bit slow. okay for the price.
No direct video calling option is available but battery is good..But be careful some times seller may provide you an old phone.......
It met my expectetion.bt after a month it start hanging.it doesn't support some android games and apps....bt its awsome at 8039 rs
The looks and feel are good plus the camera does a good job. Although there is nothing else to really write about.. Average phone.
Nokia is outdated.. They're not upto the mark.. Go for better Android devices like Moto G, Moto E, Sony Xperia etc..
Its a good experience that I could not believe. Delivery is very good and the product also very good as expect. Thank you Amzon
Not best bcoz operative sys is typical and connectivity with other company phone is very poor. All over I don't recommended it
My nokia xl have great performance. . No any hanging. . Great job by amazon, delivery by Gati also safe.. I m happy with xl..
Good but no whats app not good
difficult to install WhatsApp.
good phone n delivery on time
i really found it to use good,,, n who said whatsapp is not running well in it... its a perfect handset,, m 1/2pi with it
I was using more than 15 Days. Simple say na It's nice platform of nokia, They are well researched and did the X platform
No google services are allowed to install. If you install it,it crashes any of the google services are not installing. So please don't buy this phone. Nokia needs to omprove it's services. It need to add google services. If it doesn't do it then at last Nokia will be the worst mobile company. I will give it 0 star. Good bye.
please i need my mobile nokia xl short time. because i take home place in madhurai today night.please help me urgently.
Very nice, solid built a decent processor, G8 display 5inch phone, touch very nice, audio superb and loudspeaker is also good...
Bought this for my sister and the phone freeze a lots of times and the android version is hopeless...,UI also sucks
very good mobile no problems i felt up to this date whatsapp is not all a problem to it is working very smoothly
The phone did not meed my expectation as it is being hang very often... Battery backup is also not so good
WONDERFUL HANDSET. STYLISH
Nokia xl phone is a very bad phone. Because it does not support Whatsapp. Many other applications are also not supported. The battery life is also not good. By the way the screen size is good and you can enjoy movies and videos. But in my opinion it is not worth buying the phone.
anyone have purchased the nokia xl phone,tell me about this battery,hang problem issue and software problem
Awesome..its so big look like a tab in such a low price by amazon..great product and yes whatsapp works!!!!
Okay but no authentication from play store. Not getting apps on play store. Every time go to Internet
Best cell in the range...... Screen Resolution is less than others but still satisfied.......
nice budget phone!!!!!!!
nokia XL is excellent phone with features incorporated in it at such an amazingly competitive price .
great prize d best app
Wast of money, and the divice which I having is getting heat while charging, and the graphics and the interface are completely down. And the operating mode is slow, for screen size I give one star, it dose nt deserve any ranking and rateing too
Well some apparatus working on this phone..ONE THING IS VERY MUCH PROOF TO IS NOT A ANDROID PHONE !
The phone is impressive, good battery life and a huge display happy with the phone with this price
Nice phone..Phone is good only the User Interface is bit different from standard Android phones.
Awsome look,easy to operate.good quality camara,3G internet connectivity through preloaded apps.
good product from nokia...using it is very easy. battery life is awesome..video players needs a lot of improvement..camera is good but video quality taken by camera is not good (below expectation)..RAM size needs to be improved..
A 5 inch Nokia phone with good graphics and sound. Games work smooth on the device. GUI is also smooth and user friendly. Easy to understand and use. Software update is available as soon when you connect to a WiFi connection (1.1.1.0 to 1.2.3.2). A very good phone for Seniors as it is very easy to see large icons etc. and also children to play games. Very good built quality and looks premium phone. Good apps are preloaded like skype, facebook, twitter, OneNote(office), 10 games, 2 messenger apps etc. We have to download only whats app which works fine too. Good battery life. Android phone without chocolate, donuts and jelly. Front cam 2 mp. Great Price Cons. not many and are negligible Headphone is very basic. (buy some good headphone separately) No USB cable supplied. (Need to buy USB cable) Photos with 5 mp cam are not that great but just good. Big pockets are needed to carry it. Little heavy. I have an iphone 4s, got this phone for my dad. Read the specifications of the phone before buying.
super
everything I expected.....good phone windows preloaded ....... fast and very reliable ta muchly
Not bad but touch is not smooth and 3G not working like 3G vry slow take time for opening apps.
Good sarvis thank you
Nice phone.... Feather touch opration..... But some google apps not work like youtube,etc...
Quality product(atleast so far), easy payments and quick delivery Proud amazon customer
Screen display is very poor. It's very difficult to see in sunny days.. Otherwise good phone
Product is very good
it didnt support some of very important android apps further its processing is too slow
Excellent phone,with good Batry back, And awsome sound.and got very cheap at Amazon...
Recived the product in 24hrs.Large screen, one of its kind in Nokia segment.Good phone
this phone is not up to the mark. we can get better and more fast phone at less price.
Phone is good, but the camera quality is very poor. it equal to a 2 megapixel camera.
Delivery was tooo gud . . . Nokia xl iz brilliant . . . . One star less bcz it doesn't supports watsapp. . . And it becomes slow programable after 3,6 months. . . . Nothing but gud
Hd vedio are not playing good.no hd video recoding. Even not a good battery backup
excellent product.
its not good model
Best product but charger , battery number not in bill so garrenty not avaialable
very good budget phone. Thanks Amazon. Camera could have been at east 8 pm.
Its really worthless phone. Do not go for this. 2 * Is Only for its style.
everyone can easily operate this phone,video quality good,5mp camera with 2mp ff camera quality not bad,now with some good features it's a budget phone
WORST PHONE EVER
Working good....
It's working good, till now. The best thing is ,I got my product on time.
its good for those who are using two numbers , function are also simple.
i expected much more from it, but it didn,it fullfilled my requiements.
Good phone. All the deatures work quite well except the music. The music in headphones is too low to hear. Otherwise I liked the phone a lot
very bad phone camera is very bad. slow processor dont buy this phone.
that nice deals
Nice phone itne Kam Price Pr Amazon hi de Sakta hai thanx AMAZON
Tere is no minimize option in nokia xl..use one app one at a time..
Phone is good, but lagging with good features of sms and note book
Best Productfrom Nokia & Good service provided from Amazon India.
Data cable is missing from box no solution even after intimation
I got it in Rs-6674 so it is nice for me, nice mobile ,work fine
good mobile having adequate features serve the purpose smoothly.
All u can do with it is move your thumb up-&-down! Don't buy.
recently i brough Nokia Xl from Amazon site. first thanks to Amazon i got this device with reasonable price. come into the Nokia Xl mobile phone it looks its very big screen and touch also ok, but the problem is in head phones, i increesed the phone volume in max, and inserted the head phones and play the song, but i didn't get much sound. i checked all mobile setting but there is no luck. and song play quality also not that much good. but i don't we have to install any separate sound drives for this device ..? -Ramesh O
dis is the best color for out of all. it is so attractive color. so please provide its color with best price
fine up to nw... but missed to buy the microsoft due to this
Good product.But userinterferance is complex.Value for money
The phone is very good to use. The touch is really good. (Y)
Phone is good .amazing sarvice and one day my phone delivery
Excellent phone. Long battery no lag but phone is bit bulk.
It's great no complaints product is as described works well
BATTERY IS VERY GOOD GOOD FOR GENUINE ANDROID SOFTWARE
Good working
Sound quality is not that good. It should have been better
Waste mobile sound not working properly full weight mobile
Phone is nice but handfree sound effection is very low ...
Nokia XL Battery problem I want new battery send me, ???
Was impressed .........in its level it stands quite well
its very good mobile from nokia ,camera quality is good
Piece is good.But speaker sound is not up to the mark.
this mobile is excelent and good condition best futures
Good in terms of hardware. Lovely !!! And I am not concerned about software as I can replace with any other OS. Didn't face any problem yet in terms of hardware. yup its heavy. But good build quality. Picture Quality good for both cams. Headset is of average only. No data cable. 2000 mah battery from nokia...!!! Good. Current OS is good for home usage. But not says its the ultimate. In OS android or IOS u can prefer.
Great phone
Gud fone...
great phone
excellent mobile.....great product delivered by amazon
NICE ONE IN EVERY SORTS OF PRODUCT AS WELL AS DELIVERY
Battery heat problem,he has not satisfied this mobile
Without goole tyup it is not as good as Samsung
Very good. Excellent features with such a low price.
Up-till now I had bought at least 7-8 mobiles in my life and this is the worst one. Poor picture clarity, poor recorder video clarity in 5Mp camera, poor signal quality when changing from GPRS/EDGE to 3G network, I have to put off and on to get 3G signal. Download speed not more than 160Kbps in 3G network (just 50 meter from Idea tower) as it is upto 7.2Mbps in specification. I cannot understand why Nokia is playing with Indian people. Nokia think India has population of more than 125 crores and at least 1 lakhs out of 125 crores will purchase for experience and the target will be accomplished. Very smart Nokia people. Shame on you Nokia fooling our country, shame on you.
not much user friendly, slow and weight is too much
Delivery process is not good or can say its bad...
I LIKE THIS PRODUTS. IT'S FEATURES ARE NICE.THANKS
Don't displays Telugu language,otherwise it's good
Good phone
Good phone
THIS PHONE IS SO COOL LOOK VERY CHIPEST ON AMAZON
Amazing phone, headphones quality is not so good.
At the price offered by you, it was the best buy
amazon is amazing nokia xl is great nokia rocks
I had to give it to mend, after a month. :( :(
very good
So good phone.but amazon service is not good.
nice mobile but not support google play store
Great amazon discounted products,,,,nice....
Battery backup good......like other brand...
it's available price to everyone.......nice
not up the mark, very difficult to operate,
bettery doesnt get heated when it is in charging. and bettery life is long too.. as expected from nokia..and it is the only reason to buy this phone. taking atleast 3 hrs charging time but runs atleast 1 full day if you are a student.. (as you get the idea how they use whats app and email the most) love this phone..
Packing and phone is very good. I like it.
Please intimate me if the price goes down.
Great Mobile to keep. I am very much happy
exellent
Only big screen is attractive, it is not supporting office
This Phone is Good.. But what the hell is inside .. it says 4GB Inbuilt whereas when I connected with computer it says total Phone Storage is 1.12 GB where as 2.88 GB is not mentioned any where .......... I am happy with the product but in GSM ARENA and other website shows it has 4 GB.
This phone did not meet my expectations.
Third class cell phone Bad quality
Nice handset at a very reasonable price
good phone but whats app not working...
Best cost effective hardware with nokia branding .. stock rom is not a pure android.ie no google play,, so u may not be able to download apps from google play.. So.. just root it and install new rom http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2780130
baskwas phone hai please donot take it
AAP LOGON KA PRICE ROZ ROZ BADHTA HAI
very prompt delivery.. nice handset..
Purchased as a gift. Value for money
Nice phone...:) my mom loved it...:*
What's up not uploaded ....pl guide.
It is smart window phone and cheap.
Very nice phone good sarvice Amazon
this phone is v good in this price
In a low budget its a good phone.
Good mobile very well performance
Good for the money spent Rs 8000.
i found a white spot in screen .
A superb mobile phone . all the apps at your finger tip. Can be used for official purpose because of windows 8 operating system. Excellent camera of five mp. Worth its cost .totally an extraordinary windows phone
Its battery efficiency is bad.its draining fast. not supporting applications well. no google play service. RAM is slow. i can't see 4GB internal.it hav a weight. anyway i'm using it with dis sadness! others r ok.
Whatsapp not suported,otherwise its ok
Nice phone for this price range
SUPER STAR FOR XL NOKIA MOBILE.
in time delivery, nice product.
Excellent phone. Screen is too good. But many of the apps do not get downloaded. Camera is superb. Speed is also very good. Overall I would definitely recommend this phone. thanks and regards. Subramanian
The phone had Camera issue nd was getting heated up, i hv another set but that was working fine. The best part i liked was Amazon accepted the return without any ifs n but nd won over my loyalty
A gift which was well accepted
Nokia XL very excellent Mobile
It is a package....great value
Thank u.. Delivery was Good..
Camera quality is average....
I was fooled into buying this product as dual sim. the 2nd like get switched off when you are speaking on the the first call.that is nobody can contact you on the 2nd call.I have clarified this with nokia.the transcript with nokia is enclosed. On 6-1-15 AKSHAY Listening AKSHAY: Hi, my name is AKSHAY. Thank you for contacting Microsoft Care Chat. How may I help you? AKSHAY (16:48:14) Hello. AKSHAY (16:48:21) How may I help you? AKSHAY (16:49:31) Are you still connected? Chetan Sharma (16:49:52) I am Chetan Sharma I had purchased a Nokia XL from amazon I find both lines do not work if I call on one line the second line shows out of range AKSHAY (16:50:52) Surely, I'll help you with this concern. Before this may I ask some details from you? City and State name Contact Number Chetan Sharma (16:51:17) Chetan Sharma-Coimbatore-09344834545-- Chetan Sharma (16:51:30) Tamil Nadu AKSHAY (16:51:40) Chetan, thank you for the information. AKSHAY (16:53:19) Chetan, as I understand you are not able to call from both sim. If you call from 1 sim you get another out of range right? Chetan Sharma (16:53:50) right ! both work but one at a time AKSHAY (16:55:32) Chetan, I would like to inform you that this is a in built feature of device. Chetan Sharma (16:57:05) I have been using dual sim phones for more then half a decade no phone has this feature are you sure AKSHAY (17:00:12) Chetan, yes If you get a call on SIM 1 the SIM 2 automatically turn to out of range. AKSHAY (17:02:12) Are you still connected? Chetan Sharma (17:02:25) this was not sold like what you are mentioning,I feel cheated ! what do I do now AKSHAY (17:03:18) Chetan, to help get this information, may I please request you to kindly stay online. Chetan Sharma (17:03:31) ok AKSHAY (17:03:52) Thank you. AKSHAY (17:05:39) Thank you for your patience and staying online. AKSHAY (17:06:21) Chetan, I regret the inconvenience caused but this is a by default feature of device. Chetan Sharma (17:07:47) No problem ! I would surely put it up on public domain so no future customer buys unknowingly and fells cheated like me
it behave like windows phone
Obviously NOKIA is the Best.
Good at the price it comes !
Cheap and best good product
The product is really good.
Price below 8K makes sense.
Very Good. Value for money.
I had made the review beneath on the day it was launched . Now after few days getting used realised the Google play download is not allowed and does not work. Today I have to use Uber for taxi drive.. The Nokia Store they claim does not have .. Mobile is NOT an Android.. Some stupid Nokia proprietary.. The day I bought it was 11,500 .. It is now 9500 something.. It will fall further.. Give it to the kiddo to play some Zombie game.. Any taker for this , can take it for me.. rk at dhanvada dot com or call me at 9440179822. Just one month old ------------------------------- The experience with Nokia earlier was that when it falls , it breaks down in 3 pieces and they can be assembled back in less than 30 sec. I wanted to move in branded of repute for the smart phone.. This was priced very well and then EMI based instant process of mere 900 or so was too compelling to take immediate decision Lastly the comfort of Nokia Service . The best one they have in Ameerpet, Hyderabad. This Nokia XL was bought on the day of launch. So it came with Swedish one.. One request the Service Centre person also transferred the data That was the best joy.. One feels heavy .. the kids freak out in the game.. I just use for SMS and checking the FB and Email.. All those fancy Aps scare me. Go for Nokia XL.. Do remember buy the cover for a mere Rs 500 or so from the Amazon.. Fits in snugly. That one is from Hong Kong.. Most surprising was the web site that Amazon would take 3 days delivery. Next day it was there in before noon with no extra charges for courier. Wow !!
Good phone on this Budget.
Soory but not nice device.
I have ordered once...and the second..bust my brother who received first told..many applications not working..not good...so the second one I cancelled it.
nice phone from amazon and best price its works good battery draining fast excellent resolution but the package is not satisfied
i m fan of nokia phone...
Nice phone in this price.
exellent and super mobile
Good service by Amezon..
good phone at this price
Best phone @ smart price
very good on this cost.
nice product heavy
2G And 3G Internet slow
It's a great deal with amazon n the phone is awsome...n getting it at the lowest price rs.7399 plus cash back makes it special...
its working and useful
good product by amazon
Nokia cheated coustmor
Good product by amazon
not good.hang problem
battery backup is low
Nice phone in budget
there is no whats app in this phone. i dont recommend this as few apps are also not available on this phone.
delivery very delay
good at price......
Simply waste phone
Very good product.
awsome phone...!!!
Defective product.
Worth buying it...
fine working good
excellent product
Thise is not good
Very nice phone.
NOT GOOD BUT OK
Nokia Is best..
value for money
Duplicate phone
Best phone year
The camera and picture quality is below expectation, rest is good so far
Dear all ,plz dont buy this product,so many problems in this device,camera is good . Hanging problem is a lot,Nokia is poor in Android version,Nokia has lost its popularity since few years,if want come back in market, they need to be designed well ,softares are very low performer,windows are cool devices rather it sab bakwaas
Very bad phone
very very good
yes it is good
Good for money
Good purchase
nice delivery
sir this phone is not working properly so plz replace it
good product
good product
Good mobile
good phone.
very nice..
all is well
Nice Phone.
Good phone.
it heavy weight most of application doesn't run i bay this phone it totally worst phone please please don't bay this phone otherwise u r in trouble just like me it's doesn't support hd videos and games doesn't working whatsapp in this mobile so be careful if u thinking bay this phone really don't neglect my comment.
Have purchased the same Nokia XL Dual SIM White from Universal and ended up paying only Rs.8500/- with free goodies in the last week of May'14. Don't understand this price increase!!!
good phone
Verry nice
tooooo gud
Nice phone
nice phone
super good
very nice
Nice work
Vary good
fantastic
I love it
excellent
very good
Very Good
very good
i don't like this Nokia XL product. even some of the basic features not there in mobile. for example task remainder feature is not there..music quality also is not good but phone view looks good. I don't suggest for people to buy this product. -Ramesh O
Whatzapp is not working else everything is gud fastlane improves the fast accesssing speed n even having 1GB ram the speed is comparatively slower than others Nokia Store is not getting any updated whatzapp which can properly work in Nokia XL
NOKIA XL IS VERY GOOD PHONE AFTER USING IT I AM SATISFY WITH THEIR PERFORMANCE AND WHATSAP ALSO WRKING AND PHONE SOFTWARE AUTOMATICALLY UPDATE AND NET EXPERIENCE BY IST SIM (3G) AND BY WIFI IS EXCELLENT. CAMERA IS GOOD IN DAY LIGHT
its okay
Its good
its good
received
Good one
Execlant
fine''''
not bad
love it
Superb phone in this range,All apps are working fine . Touch screen,battery back,Video Quality & Sounds excellent. Thanks to Amazon delivered to me quickly with Gud packing .
cons: Good phone with less cost having android features Pros: The sound quality is not at all good Google Play is not present on Nokia Android phones
The camera lens position is not proper. Conditions at the time of listing i.e. Nokia original warranty is not there, hence doubt in the condition. I am not satisfied.
Good..
Nice!!
Thanks
Poor Phone Dont Buy at All No Multitasking Support ,Speaker problem ,poor android functionality most of apps not supported .
great
great
super
cannot update whatsapp, so its not working :( google play store will not work, we've to depend on '1mobile store'
please don't buy nokia XL - cause- battery heating, whats app not supporting, more time to take charging battery.
Very nice phon
nice ...i got little problem with whattsapp now problem solved .Hope more update will come from Nokia
GOOD
Good
good
Good
Good
Good
Nice
Good
good
Nice
Good
good
Ok Phone
Gud
gud
bad
Whatsapp wont work on nokia x platform.!!!! Dnd buy this!!
exellent and good conditions all features are good
5*
ok
Ok
Really Good product. I enjoy it.
Gud
Lowest price i ever got
very nice to operate
slightly different from android phone.For blocking unwanted calls , should download another application. No of options in each situation is less.But good for the price.
wow......
NOT BAD.
Very hope less product by nokia screen does not work after long trouble i return my mobile same on nokia
V v good
APPLICATION NOT SUPPORTED I DON'T LIKE THAT.... I F KNOW THIS I DON'T TAKE THE PHONE .... ITS A BIG MISTAKE ...
