B00JYEOQRG
# Main Highlights 1) 4200mAh Battery - Can easily last 2 days of very heavy usage. 2) Quadcore - Mtk6582M processor 3) 1 GB Ram 4) Android 4.2 Jellybean. (Update : M2 is gonna get Kitkat update.) 4200mAh battery is unheard in a device shipping at this price range. The other 2 handsets that ships with similar battery are Lenovo P780 and Xolo Q3000,but both are priced much higher than this. Due to the huge battery it needs to accommodate,the device is bulky, and a little heavier than other smartphones. The display is a 5 inch one with a resolution of 480 x 854 pixels,which is not that great,but OK. The viewing angles are also not that great. The processor/gpu combination is powerful enough to play many of the games without much issues and the jellybean on board runs smooth. Gionee has opted to ship this with a custom UI instead of Android stock UI. # Some Misc Info This is a dual sim phone - One is the normal sim slot, while the other is a micro sim slot. OTG is not supported Sensors on board - Accelerometer,Magnetic Sensor,Light Sensor,Proximity Sensor,Orientation sensors. Capacitive buttons are not back-lighted always. # Camera Impressive for the price. 8MP rear camera takes good pictures. When it comes to video department,this can shoot 1080P videos at 30fps. #Benchmark Scores Quadrant ; 5800 Antutu : 17200 Nenamark 2 - 55fps. # Verdict - Overall a great handset with a huge battery that can easily last 2 days of heavy use.Real Value for Money. This one is a 4GB edition,there is an 8GB edition listed on Amazon now.
Firstly I would thank amazon to deliver the phone in 2 days. I got this phone for 9700. It's looks is nice n most important it's battery is superb. I play lots of games, browse internet , etc. but its battery last for more than a day approximately 1.5day. It rarely hangs. Compare camera on the basis of price range so I'm satisfied with it's camera. Front camera need perfect light direction for good click. cons. 1. High weight 2. can get better touch at this range 3. no otg if above three factors won't effect you than go for this phone. Given 4 because of above 3 cons only.
I purchased the gionee m2 from amezon.in 3 days back . It is good phone & value for money .Of course I used it for 3 days only ! Good processor ,good design ,multiple applications .The browser should have been other .Easy to handle phone .packing by the supplier was not up to the mark..It should have been better with good protective for the pack of costly smartphone . .
Price offered by Amazon is high for this particular 4gb internal memory model. Also 8GB model (latest) was Unavailable in amazon while other having. If u like to still buy 4GB model go ahead. But i will suggest u to buy at least 8GB internal memory model. Thanks.
Have been using this phone for the last six months. Everything is good as everyone else would have commented. Two things which I observed were - 1) The music output is very good when it comes the sound level, but the softness of the sound misses and that may be harmful to the ears. However, when I used a Sony headphone which is about Rs.1000, it was good 2) The Bluetooth quality - I connected the Plantronics voyager to M2 and when I join the meetings, people say that my voice is very low and they cannot hear me. When I connect the same Plantronics to my Blackberry and take up the same call the next, a comment from my friend said it was loud and clear. On the overall, for a normal person and a mid level management guys, its an awesome phone, especially when you browse on the move. For the senior executives where you take up calls for about 7 to 8 hours a day, the battery in M2 is sweet, but these bluetooth quality is a challenge.
General 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G Network HSDPA 900 / 2100 SIM Dual SIM (Dual stand-by) Announced 2014 Status Available. Released 2014 Body Dimensions 144 x 72 x 10.5 mm (5.67 x 2.83 x 0.41 in) Weight - Display Type TFT capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 480 x 854 pixels, 5.0 inches (~196 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Memory Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB Internal 4 GB, 1 GB RAM Data GPRS Class 12 (4+1/3+2/2+3/1+4 slots), 32 - 48 kbps EDGE Class 12 Speed HSDPA, HSUPA WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, Wi-Fi hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.0 with A2DP USB Yes, microUSB v2.0, USB On-the-go Camera Primary 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama Video Yes, 720p Secondary 2 MP Features OS Android OS, v4.2 (Jelly Bean) CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Mali-400 Sensors Accelerometer, proximity, compass Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, RSS Browser HTML Radio FM radio GPS Yes, with A-GPS support Java Yes, via Java MIDP emulator Colors Black, White - SNS integration - MP4/H.264/H.263 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+ player - Organizer - Image/video editor - Document viewer - Google Search, Maps, Gmail, YouTube, Calendar, Google Talk - Voice memo/dial - Predictive text input Battery Li-Ion 4200 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 555 h Talk time Up to 31 h 30 min (2G) / Up to 24 h (3G)
after using for one month, the back/ cancell is button is not functioning. after making several calls to gionee toll free no. they suggested me to give the phone to nearest service center. as i am residing at port blair, andaman and nicobar islands, i find it very difficult to reach the nearest service station at main land. a kind request to amazone, pls. do not send such items through online shopping which doesn't have a authorised service center at that location.
An excellent mobile. Gioenee customer care service centres are also very helpful. Much better than phones of micromax and Samsung in this price range. Micromax customer care centres are dumb and careless. A must buy product. Thanks Amazon & Gionee.
Very good product. Bought it for my mother and shez very happy with the big screen display, easy user interface and very good battery backup.. At this price, this is THE BEST smart phone to buy.
this mobile is very awsum and battery long life which gives upto 2days if we use roughly also its very good.
Phone is overall good with high end configuration and compared to price. 1 star is less given because its heavy phone. Main feature is its 8PX camera and High capacity Battery of 4500 MAh.
It is same as any other Android phone, but at reduced cost, looks wise it is OK, but works absolutely fine. Phone is stable & doesn't hang
Phone looks and works well. Only disadvantage is bulky but you will get bigger battery with long lasting charge. Camera seems not up to the mark.
Pure value for money phone Only drawback is it doesn't have music equalizer but that also can be resolved by downloading fusion player all over its a best phone in 10 k
Awesome battery life & gaming experience.. No regrets for this phone purchase.. I experienced 5 days of battery back up with this handset..
Amazing battery backup. As of now, everything is good. Only disadvanteges are Display clarity is not up to the mark and otg is unavailable
Service by amzone is very good the audio jack is not working No service centre available in thane are after sale service is very poor
Amazon online purchase is best and gionee backup time is best and its loks also good.only weight is slight more than normal phone.
Best phone under this budget go for it battery is outstanding good than other smartphone but not like what 4200mh should deliver
i got product but only 4 gb model not include flip cover and rate more then market its not clear about its feature
Fooling us by giving only 600mb for use And micro sim slot But not telling us about it 1/10 time hanging problem But otherwise phone is good
There is blue shade in pictures taken.Other applications are good
Mobile often gets hanged and not working properly
Battery is awesome. touch is Not good.
Fully satisfied. Excellent mobile.
Number 1 , I requested for a white phone and a black one gets delivered. Number 2, issues with speaker/earpiece and the loudspeaker didnt function for some reason. Didn't expect this when I'm ordering online..even though I was warned by few...
अमेज़न से खरीदी करने का मेरा अनुभव बहुत ही बढ़िया है अमेज़न की सर्विस से मै पूरी तरह से संतुस्ट हु और अपने उन तमाम भाई बहनों से जो ओन लाइन सोपिंग करते है उन्हें अमोजोन से सोपिंग करने के लिए रिकमण्ड करता हु
Gionee M2 (white) is very best mobile & high backup very good processor best facility high speed battery backup & extra.
good battery backup,camera is good. giving 4 star bcoz of low resolution display. no update to Android 4.2 Jellybean. giving only 600mb for use and one sim is micro.
What a backup..Amazing
heavy weight. not slim
Good phone at its price and battery in best works three days wen I charge it once camera is also good
Not upto the mark you should not buy from Amazon go to shops an buy it poor exp defects I
Good mobile
Good phone ever. Battery is too good. Problem with only camera picture quality. But overall satisfied. I think it must give upgrade option for android version.
Good mobile, good battery life, nice fiture ...nice price range from Amazon.in then other...! Nice service....!! Keep it up ... Happy
