B00JFOQJUM
Excellent performance from the beauty, LG should give little bit care to their camera department, that lost the fifth star
I bought this solely with the purpose of using this with Tomtom as a portable navigation device for my car. LG L70 is one of the better choices for a mobile with both GPS and GLONASS. GPS lock is very fast - literally a few seconds most of the times. Serves my purpose well. I could run a dashboard camera + Tomtom GPS with offline maps without much overheating. Anything more than that, the CPU gets overloaded and the phone overheats - especially in the summer heat in India. Camera is not great, works okay during the day. Display is okay. Gorilla glass for a mobile of this price is a bargain. Battery capacity is exceptional.
Sound quality is not good.camera is average,it is not good on low light.battery is good.screen resolution is great,ear phone is cheaper auality,in this price range go for htc desire 516
Camera isn't so good. Screen is so weak that can easily breakable. User memory is so less that no body can play a big memory and high-tech games
it is the worstest phone ever made .it has very low memory.i had a 32gb sd card the phone told before taking out sd card press demount button but did not removed the sd card it now has destroyed the sd card . i cant view any songs videos i had in sd card.if you are going to buy this phone please donot buy it.
if you are looking for not to spend to much money but still want to buy a good smartphone then this is it.... i bought it and works great.
Nice Product by LG.In this range , its best one can buy.
All features are very good. Good buy for that price. I advice the buyers to buy this instead of moto g
Value for money
Nice obile.
Nice fone
very good mobile with low prize..great mobile in this days superb work nothing we can compare with this mobile every one can like this mobile........
i'm recently buy this for my friend he tell that feel good after buy this with some minor issue like Camera otherwise fine for them.
I bought it for my in-law. Worth for its price. Having latest version of Android (kitkat). IPS display is good.
Good
nice
It was an Superb experience to get dealing with Amazon. Happy with my LG L 70 D325 . Keep going.
Today I received my phone LG L70 Dual through courier, the packaging of the courier is very very poor no any safety box. I will give my opinion on the phone after some days of use.
I bought this mobile for around 9k... a very good mid range phone.
Look and touch is good but very poor battery life
