B00JDHXH6A
HTC is back in the 'budget' entry level market again with the new,dual sim,quadcore, Desire 310. Display - 480 x 854 pixels, 4.5 inches (~218 ppi pixel density) Android Version - 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) This is the first handset from HTC to be powered by a cheaper Mediatek chipset - Mtk6582M Quadcore processor. The same chipset is seen in many other devices like Xolo Q700S, Micromax Canvas Turbo Mini, Micromax A114 etc. The processor on board is powerful enough to power up apps and games without much issues. There is one big issue though with Desire 310 - this only has 512MB ram while almost all other mediatek powered devices at this price have 1GB Ram. This is really disappointing. HTC was kind enough to include their Blinkfeed software in this device,which is missing in many other Desire devices priced higher. Since this is a mediatek device,the UI is a Stock Android one,instead of the one you usually see in almost all HTC devices.So in short,the UI looks like any other device from Xolo,Karbonn,Micromax etc,apart from the blinkfeed on the homescreen and the on screen buttons. This has a 2000mAh battery,good enough to get you through a day on a single charge. # Some Notable issues Cannot Move Apps to the sdcard. So you are stuck with around 2GB of internal storage for apps and games Camera is a FIXED FOCUS 5MP one which means you cant always get the object you wanna focus in focus. Touch to focus is also not functional. Verdict - Fixed focus camera and 512MB Ram are the two major issues for me. If 'brand' is not that important,i would very much recommend getting some other Quadcore,1GB ram devices at this price range. In branded devices, Sony Xperia E1 is the closest competitor.
Bought the product during the Univercell mix-up, so can't complain about the price. But for the price listed as MRP, there are many better options available. 512 MB RAM and Camera with no-autofocus are major pitfalls. Looks very nice and stylish. HTC brand name wins the trust, but the specs otherwise are mediocre. I would advise you to stay away if you are looking to buy it for anything more than 5-6K.
It was a great deal from amazon It was a great deal from amazon It was a great deal from amazon
Nice phone. But 512 mb is a major drawback. Go for 1 gb version
I got it for 5.5k. So its good deal, and hence gr8 value for money. Its a good phone. I am happy with it. A flash light could be good to have. But its ok.
Batery charging required frequently. it is having 7 to 8 hrs only. and it is very poor at the time of traveling and outdoor visit.
Average phone, as compared to micromax fire 2 price is very high.camera quality is very bad.I'm not impressed with the product.
I really don't which phone you are talking about but have bought HTC desire 310 Dual in which has 1GB ram Not 512mb.
Good experience so far- was surprised to see a pouch being sent along with the phone though. Thanks Amazon.
It's good one cell I use it but problem isn't have in led flash
working as expected...... value for money
actually you should also arrange some negative feedback list... where we can say to like it as -1 star or more... why you are not giving full specification ... my suggestion is to follow flipkart to improve your site
It's nyc bt ram is very low.....
I like HTC MOBILES FEATURES FINISHING,TUCH IS GOOD. ONLY HEAD PHONE QUALITY AND BATTERY BACKUP IS NOT GOOD HTC SHOULD IMPROVE THIS THING.
Performance is good.
Awesome
best phone of htc or not in high range .I recommended for buy it if u luv htc mobile phones brands Thank u so much
nice
Good
Good
good
This mobile is not worthy of rupees 10,000, very low camera quality, very slow on process because of 512 MB of ram. It has only brand Value of HTC or else there is noting special on this device, I request to HTC to stop this product for to save HTC Brand Value.
