B00J60DPKC
mobile is defective. it have no audio. there is any return or replace policy please call me or mail me.
******This review is for people who are confused which mobile to buy***** In this period of varied mobile choices and high prices, i wanted a cheap phone with all android features with good battery life. The first smart phone i purchased was samsung galaxy y, 2 yrs before. i was in love with that mobile, since i was doing so many things and cannot live without that. Recently i had a very bad battery problem and i broke up with Samsung. once i started searching for mobiles, it became confusing. So many friends suggested so many ideas, finally i found that everybody re more confused than i was. I tell you, even the magazines who recommend products re confused. So I accidentally bought this mobile. It satisfied what i was looking for. A high speed RAM, 2 sim slots, Wifi hotspots, Easy access like samsung and very importantly SUPERB BATTERY life. If you are person who like high quality photo shooting, Go for high end models (and pay dearly). But if you are a person like me, who just uses his mob camera to take occasional family/friends photos for viewing and whatsapp sharing, then this mobile is perfect. I have recommended this phone to two other persons and they are very happy.Whatever you pay for an mobile today, its not worth it. So go for a mobile which is cheap and filled with essential features.
Nice and good phone to handle As per budget But Camera is not clear and 4 GB Internal memory is not show.
Good phone...but camera not so good ... S duos 2 has hd camera...but its camera quality is poor.. display is not so good.. even it has hd display .. but it has 1gb of ram ..so gonna fun with games..
It is a bakwas fone,,,,, I m sorry how can a company like micromax can befool people,,,, I purchased it at a cost of Rs 6000.00 but poor camera quality n low defective voice,,, Ohhh,,,its terrible,,,,, Such a low voice fone I have never seen. Micromax pl take this fone back. I don't suggest to purchase this fone.
Worst Experience. After 12 days my phone stop working. I visited Micromax service center, they told me that it will take 30 days to get repaired. No replacement.
Hand set is o.k when l received.But within 15 days touch has not working.I don't know why? I submitted it to mmax service centre.
Overall it was a good phone with 1gb ram. With better features than samsung at that range. Camera was just OK.
Weak wi-fi tethering. Could not connect near by wi fi devices
looking forward to continue with you. very nice service and customer care. keep it up. update me about new offers
Bad product complain n after sale sevicevery poor no time clearity service centre take 1 month for repair any problem
best features, memory, I like it most as it fulfil all my needs. 5" screen and 5mp camera its the best
very good phone no hanging problem good battery back up good display resolution good looking shape very very good phone
A93 is a good budget phone..... The camera quality is not that good..... Overall a decent phone in this segment...
Nice and good phone to handle. As per budget it is good phone. Nice touch screen which make phone more effective.
Yeah.. i kinda like this phone... For a casual user this handset will do OK ! A budget phone for everyone who can afford with almost a satisfied specs.. Great Job Micromax !
excellent delivery and first time original sealed packing received while purchasing online nice product recommended to everyone value for money
Amazon service is very good I got my order within a day. When I opened the pack I really very excited because I never used this kind of smart ondroid phones. Then I charged my phone for 3hrs it's not getting charge my phone not getting on then I felt like unblowd balloon. It's totally waste of time but I got my money back without any followup calls or mails.
Phn is good battery backup and phone speed is good. BT pblm is camera very bad in both side
CAMERA IS NOT GOOD
Best phone according to price near about 5-6 thousand.. Go for it.
its ok camera only problem .. but always product is very good.
The battery backup is vry gud . nd nice processing speed.
Superb set with a superb rate... I like it very much.
Everything is okay... But cam quality is very poor...
This product is much worth for its cost, performance
Received the package within 2 days, but the phone wasn't working Have requested for a return after talking to customer support. Lets see what happens.... This was my first time with Amazon. And unfortunately the experience was bad... Hopefully I get my refund soon.
Don't by it if u are high on a camera. Rest all features are good if not great. some stupid pre-installed games from Micromax....which are worthless and CANT even be deleted. Hope Micromax reads this post and learns a lesson.....this is BIG turn OFF Regards
Mobile is defective as it is not starting and also getting hanged many time.
nice phone
Fantastic
Caller sound is low even settings are applied correctly. Caller sound is lower than normal micromax phone. We checked with service center. They said that there is no defect in product, this is the maximum sound.
Amazing
Thanks
Great Phone Smooth running. Camera Clarity is less other than that everythng is Okie with this Phone ;)
good
This gadget is really smart in reasonable price.
Working good
