B00JC3LV8Q
A copy of my email to IBALL Poor product! Poorer customer service! I needed to buy a phone in July ( 3 months ago). i went to a local store. He recommended this. it looked nice. I bought it. I figured that it didn't work. i could not scroll watsapp, i could not use playlists, videos froze the screen, all brands of memory cards were not supported. this fact is verified by the store guy by using different brands of cards. I returned it, unfortunately the store could only replace it and not give me another brand in exchange. the new phone also had issues. I figured i could not do much and made peace with it. In exactly three months, the phone got switched of every time i disconnected it from the charger. it reached a point when it did not even switch on with the charger. when i examined the battery it had inflated from both sides. i was scared it might explode if i charged it anymore. I called the closest service centre on a Wednesday. They said i could only come before two.​ i wonder why since its official timings are till 6.30. i guess everyone gets lazy. The next day no one answered any of the numbers. Finally on the third day they asked me to come and they would replace the battery. I went to this small dingy box in a dingy lane, which didn't have space for more than 10 people at a time. Most people [resent there had complaints regarding the battery. ​They asked me to submit the phone. I argued that just the battery needs to be replaced. They said ok submit the battery and come after a week. I could see atleast 200 batteries in a transparent box staring at me. i asked them to replace right away. they refused. i requested for a battery replacement. they refused. i begged that i was travelling in 4 days, to replace by then. they refused. So i came back to Flipkart to buy a new phone! IBALL!
Every thing seem to be good in this phone except battery life. 1750 mAh is very less for the smartphone. After 3 month of use, battery gets swollen. Service center guy told me that this is common problem in this handset.
this actually a great phone a this price. what a shape. weight is very less. its good phone. I didn't dream a phone like this battery life is good
Very nice smartphone... Ultraslim design, Attractive looks.I purchased it from Retail outlet. Touch interface is very sensitive. Battery life is also good. Iball Rocks
the worst smart phone.i will not suggest to anyone for this.
IS THIS MOBILE BETTER AANO?
