B00JUZHVEO
I bought two phones one blue & one white. One @COD & other making payment through SBI debit card. Both the phones are working properly. software has been upgraded to kit kat free of cost. I would like to thank Amazon.in for their best service & like to buy more in future. Krishna Gopal Saha.
Its outstanding in this range.... u will not get better than this in this range...really amazing guyz.. . .. .
Its been three weeks now. At this price I think this is the best mobile. There is no anti glare so under sunlight, it does become a bit difficult to view. But I don't complain as it fits my budget n gives me enough features for comfortable use.
Check out the new Micromax Canvas Doodle 3 its an amazing stuff in an amazing rate!!!!!!!!!!!! You will definitely like it.
Yes Micromax canvas doodle 3 A102 is great phone comparing to it's budget, it's really nice phone, very user friendly, and have all features of a smart phone.it work fine, it never hangs i see, till date, easy to download software I need, which I unable to do with my windows phone. Sound quality is good. At first i fear to buy micromax brand, but now i, suggest this product to buy others,I like this phone very much. And advice Micromax to r&d good product like this future with reasonable price so that everyone can take advantage of modern technology. This phone is just like a pocket PC. Thanks
I loved this phone. Its been a week since i am using but its totally woth the price. Pros 1. Six inch screen with good display 2.no lag while play games 3. solid battery life 4. Good calling and hearing modulation 4. Getting Screen guard and originial cover along with the phone is icing on the cake. Overall it has everything which a smart phone should have Only thing it lacks is not good camera picture quality . Though battery takes lot of time of charge but then it also runs accordingly too so can be managable :)
The mobile is overall gud bt sumtyms the touch on the upper part of the screen stops to wrk.... battery backup is almst gud...itz a vry gud mobile atleast worth spndng the money
Wonderful screen. Very fast. Doesn't hang but the camera is not clear enough.though it has a 5 Mp camera but the photos doesn't ate not up to the mark
Excellent phone.. Good work by Amazon
First I want to thnx Amazon for their speedy delivery... This is my first android device and I had a thrill in using this device. Good job in making this masterpiece.i was using i phone before but it works better.. big screen and everything is good. Hats off to Micromax for bringing this product to the market. at the correct price...
Best phone at the price it is my first phone And my experience was very good although i baught 512 mb ram instead of 1 gb because that i dont care about it The 512 mb ram mobile is more smooth than 1gb ram. I have used 1gb ram mobile but i am not satisfied with it .
Overall performance is not complaint inducing. But touch is not great. I was using Asus zenfone the touch of which is clearly better than this. The internal storage is also a touch low. But since I bought this on a great discount, I am not complaining
At this price phone is much better... but instead of 8gb rom there is only 4gb . I am in hurry so couldnot replace it... as well os is gellybean instead of kitkat.
Very good phone.using it since november 2014, Battery life is very long.amazing features.But camera function on nights are a bit low.otherwise very nice phone.
It was very nice I bought two more mobile....The mobile was very good but the service is not good.. I never expect from in this website
Good product and timely delivery
Very low speaker volume.
HEARING speaker is poor
Speaker volume is very low. The android specification differs from mobile and online details.
If the battery power is increased to at least 3500mAh; then it will obviously be a good one
sound of speakers n ringtone is very low... otherwise a very good phone in that price...
Display screen is malfunctioning.It is better take back and give a fresh piece or money
Awesome phone..no other phone can replace it within this budget....guys go for it....
I give minimum 4 or 4.5 star ratings.Value for money & it is a big mobile...
I am very much satisfied with this product. Its better than my expectations. I would like to buy few more products from Amazon.
Great and fast service. Really appreciate. In future I will prefer the amazon and thank you . Thank you.thanks. Thanks
Good Phone with nice feature for normal use
Awesome phone in this price range ...
My phone is not working properly. Touch screen of the phone is not working properly after the purchased of phone. it also has repaired in service center I got phone by service center in a month but now i am facing the same issue. my experience is very bed in Micromax Canvas Doodle 3 A102.
my order no revcevied give me
Super phone, delivered on time
good one for the display size
good service, nice mobaile.
i love this phone awsome
it is audio is very bad
good but i am able to find internal memory on phone..when i recieve this product .i were not found head phone on it...
Excellent Product !
camera is not good
nice ...........
Good features.
good phone
Awesome...
Execellent
I Love It
Worthfull
good one
nice one
Good
nice phone everything I can do with this phone
A+
