B00J26HJJ8
Good product. Good battery back up. Good screen resolution & size. Good camera. Overall good. Cons Little heavy. Will get heat faster if i speak for 30 min. Some times i used to get signal drop problems. Overall good value for 5000 rupees.Value for money.Good brand too.. Specifications are too good for this price. people whose budget is around 5k means you can buy.Don't compare this mobiles with some higher end.Rest every thing is fine. Contact 81 477 845 90 me if you want to know more about this mobile.
I wanted big screen, for emailing and document editing, no games, or other things, suits me fine. Excellent does everything practically, one hand operation possible, otherwise was thinking about Lenovo tab.
Wifi connection problem in the beginning, so i was a bit upset but then it magically disappeared making me worry more about the phone But then again, its a neat phone at this price. I cannot expect a high end phone at this price and lenovo makes me realise just the same. Touch is ok-ok not great and smooth, but not too laggy(but it does lag while playing games like candy crush series) Display is average, when you put the screen to full brightness it actually hurts and the ui was a great try by lenovo but ended up being too clumsy. Id rather prefer a little simple look on the phone ui because a phone costing 5000 must have a simple yet realistic look on it but lenovo tried to give premium ui feel which makes the phone even bad. Im too tired to write a full review so I'l make it quick- Camera-ok ok/average Sound-good Make/Feel-like if you were given 2000 for the phone you'd want to lose the feel however, it is a pretty decent buy for those who only want the basic phone features(calls,sms,whatsapp etc)
i buy the product on 15th may 2014 with in a month i found problem in the product, battery is not charging.
Dear friends dont buy Lenovo mobiles.Bcoz mobiles are good but when we got problems the servicing centre are inresposible .am from adilabad i bought Lenovo p780 for Rs.16000.00 its work good for 6 months after 6 months i got a problem in the mobile.there is no network coverage i contacted service centre but didnot get any responce then i send my mobile to Warangal service centre again i got no responce from them then i send the mobile to hyderabad service centre there is also no respomce for my mobile.now i have lose 16 k .Now my small son is using the mobile for playing games.i have Filled a case in consumers form. if any one have same problems like me then contact me on.07396777017.
The product is user friendly but is very bulky compared to others available in the market. The biggest disadvantage I have exoerienced within a month f purchase is that its battery Sucks! It has very low holding capacity and is extremely annoying especially when it does not even last ONE full day. If the phone happens to be an active one, then it may need to be constantly charged and best that one stays very close to a power source.
Phone is good if the camera is ignored; fast & reliable with good benchmark scores. This phone is good value for money offering power of Quad core with a RAM of 1 GB. But the flip side is that the camera comes without auto focus ...!
At about INR4800/- for a QuadCore 5incher Android phablet with 1gbRAM, Mali400GPU, 2000mAh battery, 8mp cam and good buildquality-n-finish; that to from a trusted-n-reliable brand like LENOVO [not some cheap ones like Micromax, Karbon, Spice, Intex, Salora, etc.; which are actually selling same Spec's with even smaller(4.5") screen at 5000 to 5500]. IMPRESSED.
First time when phone received worked quite OK but after third day it started working automatically with out touching. Amazon was not responsible for such activities till transit process and other formalities of Amazon was satisfactorily Very Good but lenovo phone was poor @ Operating.... Iam the first victim of such problem
Lenovo A680 is yet another Mtk6582 quadcore, 1GB ram,under Rs 10000 device out there. The performance of the device is like any other device powered by this processor. It gives good gaming performance and overall multitasking is lag free. Camera : This is one of the biggest disappointing thing about this phone. This is a FIXED FOCUS camera,so you can't always get the area you want to focus in focus. Touch to focus is also not functional. Another disappointing thing about the device is the Display resolution,480 x 854 pixels resolution on a 5inches screen is not that great to look at. But its OK,usable. It houses a 2000mAh which is powerful enough to get you through a day of moderate use. It is running on Android 4.2 jellybean. Unlike other budget devices, Lenovo ships their modified user interface instead of the more smoother and faster stock UI. The UI is a mixed bag,it looks good in some areas,and looks unpolished in some other sections. Overall a good budget device,with good performance. The Antutu benchmark score is around 17500 which is quite good. Fixed Focus camera is one the major cons of the device.
nice phone compared to the prize.But not at all.It works fine,the 1GB ram is heavy,we gets atleast 700MB for use,all heavy games supports.The big drawback is the sensor,it is very poor.the battery backup doesn't long as per they says.Battery longs maximum of 1 day.BUT it is a awsome mobile
I buy this mobile its all best in this range but only thing is that its battery is very bad due to its battery you can not have enjoy on android phone many games doesn't support not having any sensors which helps the android phone become android phone
I bought this product a month back, excellent value for money. Good Battery, Big screen, Good Brand. Won't get a phone with 1 GB Ram with quad core processor at this price.
Everything is up-to mark . i purchased this product in 4800. only thing is worst about, its battery. But overall LENOVO A680 in this range is absolutely amazing.
touch not working properly some times i cannot receive calls auto screen rotation there is problem if u get a call or sms when navigation is on it gets disconected
I have been using this phone since 4 months and it's just an awsm phone.... It doesn't hang.. Camera quality is Nt that gud bt overall its a gud phone.. M satisfied ...
The phone is better in this price than any other phone, but my phone's accumulater is not working properly, so i will return it, expect this amy other thing is better,
No,its touch quality is very bad.very weak response to slide movement. May b ,it would b a fault which I have bought with phone,not eligible for single rating.
It is best in class. It is also best because of it's "fulfilled" by amazon ! People should faith on items which is covered by FULFILLED BY AMAZON !!
Really xcellent service by Amazon... Just took hardly 40hrs to deliver the items... Nice phone also good quality primary and selfie camera...
++Design, Display, Processer, Ram, Sound, Price, Dual sim -- Battery backup while net connected, Camera, 101% worth for this price!!!
Ok OK phone in this range. All things r good specially its battery life. Tere is little prblm in touch sometime but that much will be manageable!!!!
The phone is good in everything wheater it is price or features but if it has flash also then the phone also get awsome but otherwise ph is awsome
I love the Amazon work. Providing such a nice service. Mobile is really awesome . With lowest price . Thanks Amazon and lenovo.
In this price range ,Lenevo rocks.Yes ,there is 1Gb RAM.Its working fine till now. Thanks to amazon and seller.I got the packet within 5 days.
Worst item.. Flipkart offers one month replace.. My phone was switched off.. And never on again.. I ask for replacement.. Worst service
Waste of Money & never bye this mobile set. Not supported most of Game. Thanks to Amazon for return my money.
You Tell us 4GB Internal Memory. this is wrong information you say, internal memory is 2GB only. Shravan K Poddar
Simple to say is, Please donot get this mobile. Because the touchscreen not performing good. And moreover gettting hanging.
i buyed this phone when the offer price was 5000 but the phone had major touch issues and basic app like fb cant be sync ..
It is a good device in the price tag 4-5K. those are looking alow buget device its OK. But remember its diaplay resolution.
Its value for money. Best among this price brand. Excellent performance it never got hanged despite using multiple apps.
Good experience.. though guaranteed delivery was 48 hours, after placing order delivery time was 72 hours.. rest is best
Useless instrument, didn't last even 3 hours after purchase, the screen went blank, had to return it the next day only..
Touch is not as sensitive as branded and also touch at edges not good, need to touch just few pixels before edge.
its simple best mobile , and also run best economic phone -also run game net and everything is good camera too.
Best Price 5 inch screen 1gb ram best prossesser good camera good brand 100% satisfaction to me buy bindass
For internet lover buy this phone camera is okay sensor is not so good for game player jayesh vyas gujarat.
Hi I m Thaneswar Swargiary I m using10 days this mobile feeling great; I m very satisfy. Buy this mobile
It meets my expectations and I like it but just the front camera is not real clear ...but all is well...
Excellent and sleek product. Fast shipping. Good battery life with large screen. Worth the price.
It is not a good phone under this price,it always hang,so I suggest no to buy this product..
Product is doing fine as of now and hope it lives up to the claims!!!!!!!!!!!!
EXCELLENT, AMAZON SERVICESS ARE EXELLENT AND AMAZING >>>>>
Very slow phone does not full fill my exception ,& camera is also not good
Touch screen dead at corners and side. also, memory keeps on getting full.
nice phone..fast delivery(3days to kerala)in this price rang its the best.
Battery services is very poor, other than everything is okay......... .
Touch is not receptive. Device slows down if more than 2 apps opened.
what is its RAM? 1 GB or 512 MB. Give only one information, not two.
Very Nice Product & available cheaper in comparison to other sites.
Though, Product spec mentioned it as a power house at very low price, I found one serious problem with it. Though, Its very random and I didn't find it anywhere on Lenovo support forum, At times, during incoming calls, when I used to slide to accept the call, slide function wouldn't work at all. I kept on sliding, eventually calls would drop. I asked one of my friend, who bought same phone and he concur. I had no option but to return it. I was delighted with customer service from Amazon, pickup was arranged next day of my request to refund and within 3 days, I had refund in my account.
i took phone last 2 days back...and the phone is really good. Camera: 5mp rear camera is works good...the captured pics are good looking......satisfied....but front camera is bad. Battery: Fully charged battery stand for 2 days and if we use internet continuosly it gives 4hrs 30 min charge stand by. Games: It working good even for games too...didn't stucks... Screen: 5 inches screen looking good and my friends said it is too good to look... Sound: i satisfied by its sound clarity.... Atlast, this phone is worth for money...I bought it for 5447 through amazon....:)
I can not play senser game like temple run..sencer is nt good...
Good Product for Android beginners... Bought for Rs.5000..
LenovoA680 is excellent and amazon service is also excellent
slow touch screen , no battery back up ,very slow internet
NICE AND value for money , received order in 2 days
Product is average, sensor sensitivity quality is poor.
Delivered on time, good product for the price offered.
Except for the camera quality everything is excellent
Full value of money. Best available deal in Amazon.
Good product . Amazon service is also remarkable.
superb..!!! amazing product in small price.
it started giving screen problem within a month
Only for one missing falas but power mobile
Phone is o.k.. SIM signals issue is there..
nice product i like it its battery is good
not very best... its ok try something alse
Good one to get in that price a decent one
Ts product s gud.,bt thr s no flash light
good product but camera quality not good
Its good mobile and for the best price
Awesome phone with value for money....
Value for money .and get good brand in this price.
Continuously problems (Totally wast).
Fantastic I got item as per my order.
very good product & quick delivery
Worth it I get a good deal thanks
Camera is poor, screenis average
its mid range very good product
Best rate with timely delivery.
Average phone for budget price
Very nice phone for this price
GOOD FOR NORMAL USERS. NICE .
VERY GOOD PHONE.....I LIKE IT
Very nice phone at this price
struct the mobile,wast mobile
Very nice phone of its range.
Very good device at Rs 5198.
Best Product Value For Money
worth for under rs.5000.00
value for what you paid...
5000 offer price thik hai
good mobile at this price
1. The voice from the speaker is very low for the listener. 2. Battery backup is too bad. 3. Sound is good. 4. Overall the product is not good.
NICE MOBILE IN LOW PRICE
Total value for money..extremely handy n excellent features...thoroughly satisfied.... I only wish that the headphones were like those of sony
the product is good for the price . i got it below 5k.
Very good at this price
Best worth this product
Didn't like this phone
Worth the money spent.
it is a very good item
Worth for the money...
Worst phone toch is very bad Sensor are too bad Camera quality is also bad it looks like vga camera
Low prices and good
Camera good quality
good for the price
Except that it does not have a flash, the other features are quite impressive in the medium. I hope this product sells........
Touch was so bad
Good Product . .
Pros: Very good as an overall package...considering the cost. Amazon as usal Bang on target in Deliverying it. Batery backup is decent... touch is a bit slow responsive. Cons Company doestnt provide user manual..Historically, I am used to samsung, Nokia so User Manual is a must be. Head phone quality is Bad. Screen is a bit big..difficult to manage single handedly/ keeping it in trouser pocket Getting Lenovo Accessory in local market is a bit difficult
1GB RAM 5" Disp 4 GB inbuilt memory 3G support 2000 MAH battery Slim and quality design 5MP camera. 4.2.2 OS jelly bean The above features are available if you spend atleast 7000 in other brands. I bought it 2 month back at Rs4936. Excellent price by Amazon. unbeatable price. I am really enjoying lot of features with this price. Friends - I would recommend you to go for it. Worth for our money. Thanks to Amazon.
value for money
Value for Money
Really so good
Awsm product
What a delivery. Right within 24 hrs, perfectly packed no scratches. Mobile is very good, very user friendly, nothing to worry about the flash. People just click and see. Would recommend to all thinking of buying a new smart phone. Just go for it. Amazon's delivery is awesome, even though Sunday but delivered. Cheer's Amazon.
besides camera clearity rest is far better than expected,but updating after 3 days of purchase hangs phone while operating via touch.for that i need to lock my phone and then unlock by pressing right side key then it starts working.while calling unable to disconnect due to touch problem.Advice:donot update unless u encounter any problem.
Good phone.
Good phobe
It is fine
Good phone
Very good
i love it
Fantastoc
Very good
Very nice
Fantastic
Lenovo mobile is OK. Main thing is that it is not smart enough mobile. Rotate screen function properly not work. When write text word automatic not come. Whatsup some time shows mobile number instead of name. Even though number already saved.
Excellnt
excelant
its nice phone.. delivery was on time.. good service by amazon... camera is ok ok..... otherwise a branded phone with 5 inches in just 4800 price is the best u can get....
Its good with all features . Good looking, Attractive and a good value for money. Affordable to all persons. Battery backup is not upto the mark
This phone is good . Also performances are good. Display is normal only. Processor is fine for surfing. Camera is ok and no flash.
Class
super
worst touch performance not to the mark its not worth buying with this amount i will not suggest this mobile
Good
Good
good
good
keka
Good
good
Good
good
Its good but it 6 months Old pack/manufactring date. So hope it will last longer/battery and H/w
Very good and confartable
cost worthy product

5
