B00J06IKMK
Xperia E1 is the successor to Sony's Xperia E released in 2013. The E1 has better specs and better performance than the old one,and is one of the best 'branded' budget device coming under Rs10000. Performance : Even though this only has a dual core processor and 512MB ram,the performance of the device is excellent. Many games like Temple Run,Riptide GP2,Dead trigger etc ran without much issues thanks to Adreno 302 GPU on board. Some Notable features and issues 1) A dedicated walkman key on the top. 2) Camera is just a basic 3MP auto focus one with No led flash.Only WVGA@30fps Video is supported. There is no front cam.Overall disappointed. 3) The build quality of the phone is excellent,doesnt look cheap at all.The back cover has a matte finish which gives it a nice grip to hold the phone. 4) Apps CANNOT be moved to sdcard which means you are left with 2GB of storage for apps. 5) Viewing angles are OK,not that good. The brightness fades when playing tilting games like Riptide GP2. 6) Android 4.3 Jellybean,and 4.4 Kitkat update is expected. 7) Only 512 MB ram. 8) On screen home,back,multitasking buttons. 9) Phone is thicker than many other budget devices. 10) Li-Ion 1750 mAh battery - If you are a heavy internet user,not enough to get you through one full day. Benchmarks Nenamark Score - 56fps - Impressive. Antutu Benchmark - 12900 - Quadcore devices like Xolo Q700,Q700i scores the same. Quadrant - 5680 In the Box - USB charger,Cable,Normal headphones. Overall a good branded budget device ,far better than those budget devices offered by Samsung,both in terms of performance and build quality. However,you can get better 1GB,quadcore devices from indian manufactures like Micromax,Xolo etc at this price range. If 'Brand' doesn't matter to you,i would suggest you to get those. NOTE : If you buy it from a Sony Dealer,you can get a FREE headset (Sony MDR-ZX110A) worth Rs. 1390. Im not sure whether this deal is available online as it is not mentioned anywhere.
good phone. but no flash and front camera.sound is good and the processing is fast
as it is known well sony is best known for its music system but my problem arised when i purchased sony expria e1 dual by comparing the sound and music system with sony experia m series.there is a lot difference between them but e1 has very good feature in music than m what they have mentioned on web page but i found it wrong e1 has less potential than m
Nice music app was included in phone. Good quality of sound with minimal battery power consumption while playing music makes us so impressive. Awesome battery backup. Great display. But Some times this phone is hanging due to small RAM. Back side panel is looking so poor and it is scratch magnet. These are two main drawbacks and nothing else.
Best phone in this range
Good phone for money spent, sound quality is awesome. Lets see how will be the durability.
Excellent Product and delivery. Nice Gift "Sony Headset".
Good to have One, Easy to navigate & looks ...........WOW
just started exploring...... till now it's fine.
it was a hanging mobile and switched off at run time
Wow. Super item. I received gift also.
Small and Looking Very Nice set
Excellent performance
No comments
Good phone
good
good
