B00JUZ40FC
Canvas Doodle A3102 has surprised me in more than one way. I had planned it as a birthday gift and had done some research on mid range smartphones for a month or so before zeroing in on this one. It provides more bang for the buck than any other phone in its category. Ok, some of its attempts are very Indian like the games etc., which coincidentally reminds me of Nokia's much fabled 1100 launch 10 years ago, but overall its a wholesome package when one compares the Samsungs of the world. No wonder why Samsung is steadily losing its market share with its overpriced phones (I had bought a Galaxy S Duos las year and it runs like s***!). The pros of Canvas Doodle A3102 are its size, the display (ok, for those who are looking for real crystal, seek out Apple 5s) and the features that they provide for a little over INR 6.5k with a free back panel and screen protector thrown in for good measure. The battery's chunky and can run for 5.5 to 6 hours with a bit of everything, calls, videos, surfing, games - you name it. There a several customizations in the Android 4.4 that are available only in INR 10K+ phones and can be compared with the mid level HTC phones. The cons are few - the camera is good but the colors are a bit mellow, the touchscreen is sometimes unresponsive (gamers beware) and in my case, the back panel did not fit in snugly in my handset. Overall, a good phone for that money, and unless one is expecting the performance of Samsung Grand or something of that range, I bet wouldn't be disappointed with this purchase.
Exelent prodect by micromax &fast servise for Amazon in ....a special tnx 4 gaffar deals. $$$$$$
Recvd this mobile todat @Rs.6100/- thru amazone. Was desperate to unbox this mobility cz review was just saying bad quality of volume n camera. Volume with earphone n without earphone is quite inpressing though the music bass r nt grt, camera is vry poor. So far working smooth. Display is not grt specially picture resolution. I m tryibg to play videos which is not playing properly eventhough aftr downlading mx player, nt undrdrstanding the problem. You tube is playing good. While insertibg battry just felt its delicate n damaged kind. So nt sure whtr to send it back or hold it. Over all at the 6k range its good. Too early to give stars as I just unboxed it.
I had read that Micromax is quickly gaining popularity in the Indian market that diminished my apprehensions about the quality of the products offered by the Brand. Unfortunately my apprehensions came true once I received the phone, the build quality though is ok but the overall packaging of the product is very poor, I'll list them down - 1. Speaker volume is very low, you can barely hear the rigntone even at the highest setting 2. CAMERA - The lesser said the better, I've never seen such poor performance even from cheap chinese phones, daylight pics are passable, but low light pics are HORRIBLE as a matter of fact in low light you can't even see the subject properly on the screen, after a software update the situation has deteriorated even further, now I've stop using the camera all together. 3. Batter life is nothing great inspite of its size. 4. Screen resolution is ok. Overall very disappointed with the product, but it has definitely helped me in steering away from the non established brands for ever...
Please go for 1GB Doodle which is newly launched. This set is good but little bulky and screen resolution is not HD. Do good homework before placing order of this set.
I am writing this review after 2 months of use. Because initially we can't see all the pros and cons that apears later. I am happy to say it's performing good. 1. Good battery backup (I was very disappointed with my SAMSUNG Galaxy S3) 2. No lag/hang till date (My nokia C6-01 was horrable) 3. Screen is big to navigate (resolution a bit low and it's visible compare to other phones) 4. Signal catching power for duel sim is also good 5. Head phone sound was not excellent but when connected with a blue tooth headset it's excellent 6. Vodeo chat works good with 3G (Vodafone) network Bad thing is, it's not that much durable if dropped.. Otherwise it is excellent at the price (6K) I got it.
Doodle 3 is amazing and totally worth it.i bought it at rs.6699. However two cons: 1.Headphone quality is not up to the mark.mine stopped working in about week. 2.Back cover keeps on accumulating dust.It makes the phone look dirty Despite of the cons doodle 3 is unbeatable! I am very happ
The product is average. don't go for it because of its big screen as everything else is pretty average. one can get a better phone at this range.
Everything is good about this phone except for the camera. If your are looking into cameras this phone does not live to your expectation. Even with 5MP rear camera, the quality is not that good. But for the other specs the phone is excellent and you can take it.
I have placed an order of Micromax Canvas Doodle 3 A102 (Blue, 1GB RAM) on 6/10/2014 in amazon.in. On 10/10/2014 I have received the mobile. But the specifications of the mobile are quite different as mentioned in the website. Internal memory is 1GB in place of 4 GB (mentioned in the website) as well as OS is Jelly Bean in place of Kit Kat (mentioned in the website). It is surprise that reputed company like Anazon is involved in such type of unfair selling. I have computer knowledge that is the reason I found the mistake. But most of the persons have not and they accept the mobile expecting that company has sent right mobile to them. Is this the only reason that they offer special rates for online customers?
i donno whats wrong with the folks... i just found no defect with my Doodle 3 and everything works perfect.. initially many people said me to nt to buy doodle as it is nt good.. bt still i bought it as i loved all the features it had.. might be initially doodle was not doing good... but guys dont come to a conclusion that doodle is not good.. it's really an amazing set.. after i bought doodle many people had to regret for their words bcz it was far more better than theirs and it was available just for around 7000 rs... if i had heard their reviews today i wud nt hav purchased my lovely doodle.. but my doodle was inbuilt with android jelly bean but was upgradable to Kitkat version...
This is my second feedback, At first I was satisfied with the product as it reached me safely and within time I expected but now after three months of purchase and use I am really angry and not satisfied with the performance. Actually I gifted it to someone else and at first the phone faced software issue. After clearing that next problems in phone were coming in front like "low battery backup", "slowing down", "hang-ups" in middle. Big Retail and Micromax have let me down and have put me in situation of embarrassment. I can just hope that after taking the phone to Service Center they provide me with the replacement....
This is best option with in 7K with all high end features. I am very much satisfied with mobile and amazon service. Minus is only out of 8GB ROM for user avialable space is 2.3GB Voice is low and camera quality is poor. But over all this excellent phonewith in the budget
The camera quality is not good even with 5 MP camera , and sound quality is not so good it's soooooo poor in this both aspects rather than this it's a veery good 6 inch phone in this range of money
The item was delivered in time. The delivery cost was Rs.6718. Main reason in buying this item is it's 6" screen, Quadra core process & Android KitKat offered at this much lower price. On satisfactory performance of the item & within 10 days, I suggested this item to my sister daughter & to my surprise on 06-10-2014, I.e. on Dusshra festival day, the same item was offered at around Rs.5700. Since, 6" screen, battery drains fast, one should keep this aspect when buying. In overall, it is a good value for money.
good phone...working well..skype is working well..display is good...sund quality also good..big screen awesome
Pros: - The phone looks premium for this price range - Display is very nice and colors reproduction is vivid - Liked the additional back cover without the front leather case Cons - Swipe function not as smooth as high end phones. Sometimes have to tap multiple times - The usual complaint in android, poor battery life Tip : If you are using Google play store, do not use network time in the settings as this causes problem logging into play store.
Awesome phone by micromax in judt 7k. I am writting this review after using it gir a week. It just need to improve camera quality otherwise great phone
i got a blue doodle from gabbar deals in amazon for 6650. amazon best in packing and delivery got the phone full new about device battery is really good gives backup uoto 48 hrs if used if not 72 hrs depends on u the phone lags a bit in some areas but good phone in very good cost go for this if your a gamer graphics is clean as well buy a good head phones and pouch which will make this phone cool. out of 10 iwould give 7.5 for this
though a good touch screen but body of the mobile is so week & the quality of screen colours are low all other features are upto the mark
the phone is excellent along with the price of it. Good battery back up even though the display is big.
Don’t buy Micromax products, Doodle 3 A 102 mobile which I purchased crashed within in one month. Now it is more than 50 days and till product is not repaired. Service is worst and the service centers are not taking the responsibility to do the follow-up. I have spent lot of money on the follow-up. My request to Micromax company is to take steps to provide good service to customer.
It's been a year m using this phone and it has not hanged or encountered any bug !! M having almost 81 applications on my phone and still its working smooth.... The only drawback is the battery backup, its a little poor!! Earlier everything was fine with it ,but later it started discharging soon.... But i the data is kept off it can almost pass the whole day withouth charging
Great Phone - Massice 6" Display, 1GB RAM, DualCore processor - at an Amazing Price below Rs.7000/- at Amazon
Dear sod, This is to inform u that mobile phone (micromax doodle3 A120) which I purchase online in d last month through very reputed online agency Amazon. Its really made me unhappy when start use of this phone. It was receive with defect ( having sensor issue ). I thought it will b small issue which service centre will sort out but it was really bad experience with service centre. First I approach them with in a week explain them issue. So they just update software n give me phone back when I check it was working good but immediate after 2 days same issue began. As I was at village I couldn't approach them immediately but on on 6nov14 again i approach to service centre and inform them issue. Then again they resolve issue and return my cell phone but this time d executive damage my mobile outer ring which really made me to think that how we will trust such a reputed agency who is giving such a defected piece. This kind of experience really made me to think twice before u purchase online from Amazon. Santosh Kuwar
hi guys , i have purchased micromax canvass doodle after alot of search on various websites . my main requirement was a large screen phablet for reading pdfs but doodle exceed my expectations -in just 6500 you will get 6 inch screen (ya dream in reality) - 5 megapixel cam (its really gud) - android kit kat - etec etc just buy it guys
It takes too much time to get charged. First time it got stuck up at 89% only. Now also till 89% it's get charged fast but after that it takes one hour to charge. Photo quality is good if it's taken from nearer but for longer distance its not good. When phone call is attended ear pains though the call is for some seconds. Remove this flaws rest the phone is good.
i got 1 gb ram, 8 gb rom mobile. its nice mobile, but some what larger than expected. touch quality, camera is good. call volume is okay to hear. VFM at rupees 6500 internal meomory for application installation is too low (1.2 gb), some times new application failed to install due to lack of space in internal memory, depite that i am using 16 gb micro sd card
amazing phone in such a good and low price i got in amazon. really the doodle 3 is awsome with big 6 inch screen and good looking phone too. i love it. It really worth.
Bekar hai dodin ke bad sensar kam karna band kar diya amazon se koi help nahi. I m not happy with amazon
A decent looking phone...not a great buy coz of its camera which is below avg...colours on the screen are washed out...sound is avg...it has a big beautiful screen and many more exciting aspects but coz of its camera don't go for this one...you could go for doodle111...if camera doesn't bother you then you can ofcouse consider doodle 3 as well...
I had only one issue regarding this mobile is that this mobile is having problem in the sound. The sound quality is very poor when comparing to other mobile other than that this is having a very good look and very good for browsing and chatting and the net is very faster only on 3G but little slow in 2G. It is usually found in all the phones.
Thk u amazon for faster delivery.....this phone is superb in its budjet,a good companion for all.....
Worth for minimum cost .but camera clarity not much better otherwise its very better then others.
Its a good product at amazon price. I was read many reviews about it, as like good/bad/something ......something, but when i found it, then i know its not bad, all specification are true which gives amazon.............. which is want a big screen phone, it is suitable for them with latest specification.
Build quality is good , but screen quality is super cheap . But amazing phone for the price .
I bought this mobile in Rs. 5438/_ according to price I am satisfied . big for handling but very joyful to watching video or gaming . battery is average. Camera quality is poor video made by this mobile file size is too big.on camera video setting fine mode 5 Minut video file size is 490mb.in this price good mobile.
I have placed order on 07/10/14 and I received the phone at 15/10/14 by India post and camera is not so good like Samsung but it have kitkat with 1.3 ghz dual core processor and also it has 8gb internal memory and 1gb ram it has a magnetic flip cover and screen guard freebies and it has 6inch screen and HD display
Purchased at Rs 6900 but price revised to rs 6500 the next day ,10 % cash back on SBI debit card but never received the same ,white color is horrible which get dirty within day or two ,micromax should come out with black panels. Charger provided is of poor quality which make cracking sound during charging.
Reasonable phone for this price range. Touch sensitivity is okay and the phone weight is not heavy for the 6inches range. When you are on the phone, the call quality is not something great. I guess micromax has to work on its speakers and phone sound quality. But overall decent phone for this price range.
i am purchase the Micromax Canvas Doodle 3 A102 (White, 1GB RAM) Date on july 30th 2014, price and features is ok but operate more than 30 min it is (Mobile) hanged regularly i face this problem but till now it not clear, send the solution by mail. if kindly rectify the problem it is ok.
The phone was delivered within promised time limits & in excellent packaging. The product is performing really good & is complete worth for money. I really got it at a very competitive price on amazon. The screen size & the features of the phone are best in class. My recommendation: GO FOR IT.
A superb phone in budget...got all d features needed...a nyc screen...gets ur penny worth
Main disadvantages : Little laggy due to dual core processor, quad core be better. Screen quality is avg, it has to be better because of bigger screen. Main advantages : Better for who want bigger 6 inch screen in best price. Slim, Good Battery, more pre-installed apps, Kitkat and more.
Good mobile and amazon service is excellent..
awesome phone it was lock automatically and sound was great and display is so good
This is the best phone in 6.2 K I opted for 2 days delivery. The delivery was on time. No deviation from the specifications specified in the site and received packet. I am loving my Doodle 3 phone. Only thing is: Battery Backup is not up to the expectations.
In this price range this is the best phone available. Micromax has done a fabulous job. All other six inch phones are highly priced. It is doing it's job (mainly browsing and viewing multimedia) perfectly. It is running kitkat, 1gb ram, 8gb(was written in speciation 4gb)internal storage.
Awsm product....Bought for hardly 5000 rps.....This phn is for those who wanna large display screen n all basic features in less price....good resolution...all in all a good product.....n gr8 service :) loved it amazon...... keep it up ...will surely buy more product from u.
Phone is better than my expectation. I got it for my wife and it is worth it for her type of use. Screen is amazing, resolution is slight not good, which was conveyed. Speed is amazing. Thank you amazon for timely delivery. Would like to deal again.
excellent mobile✌✌✌✌✌ its has various features & it has capacity to give better fight in competitors as all new generation required it is budget phone it doesn't warn at the time of games,net surfing,etc camera quality is not so good but okk
Good mobile, only problem was that it was delivered one day late compared to what was claimed by Amazon. Also the 8GB internal memory mobile is only available in white color and I was looking for black or blue color but had to settle with the white one only.
I liked the display and its quality. It's awesome watching videos on Micromax doodle 3. 1 GB RAM helps to have delightful experience. 5 MP camera is also giving a nice quality pics. I liked the features delivered with a Nice Price. Battery is satisfactory.
ok for this much of amount, you are supposed to expect anything else :)
its cost is mention here may be more than market please less it and give explain the all terms of warrenty from any product
First of all I like to thanks amazon,for their service this is my second purchase from amazon and I really appreciate their works and their product,doodle 3 is really a amazing product I purchase so far its really a wonderful mobile at this price range
koi b mat lena....hang hota h...free ram bhi bhut kamm milti h...battery heat krti h games k time Khud socho micromax itne sare specs waala phone itna sasta kyun de raha h jbki similar phone with smaller screen mehnga h...
Sound quality quite poor. I have difficulties listening to call even when it is silent in the room.Sometimes I open flap to get clear voice but does not help. Please improve over the main feature of calling else the product is ok.
I have purchased Doodle 3 with 1gb ram from flipkart and really the ram was 100% 1gb not 512mb so don't put some false review about this product, because I have bought the same product after so much confusion. Now for the review- Pros- -Very good battery backup(my daily average talktime 30 mins, listening to music 1 hr, playing games 1 hr and surfing gmail, facebook, whatsapp about 8 hours but still the battery backup stay 2 days) -6 inch screen size, it's really huge(like Samsung grand). and resolution is awesome. -The 5mp camera is decent. Front camera is also good in bright light. -Free Magnetic flip cover, Free Screen guard in the box pack. - HD quality movies also play quite comfortably in the Phone. It sometimes makes me wonder how a phone like this can be priced at 8600. Sound of the speaker is a bit low, but i use Earplugs and sound through this is awesome. Cons-- 1- It has dual core processor it should be at least quad core. 2- It takes 6 hours to fully charged. Overall this is a great phone. Big display big battery. Everything above average. There is still some room for improvement but how much can you ask for 6k?? Please like the review below if you found it helpful :) Thanks!!
This product is very cool... I faced no problem using it. I got android KitKat instead of jellybean as some users have said that they received jellybean version. This product was delivered to me in 3 days. KEEP IT UP AMAZON!
Gone through the past negative review before purchasing the doodle 3 mobile, but I am very happy after opening the well packing box, then all the item as per described specification in amazon with android kitkat 4.2.2 OS.
Well I was satisfied with the service of Amazon And also the product. But one thing I would say is the voice of the phone is very low some times it is hard to hear the voice. Anything can be done for that please suggest.
DEAR ALL KINDLY DONT BUY ANYTHING FROM AMAZONE....SPCLY DONT MAKE PREPAYMENT...THIS IS MY 1ST EXPERIENCE WITH AMAZONE IT IS VERY,VERY WORST AND DIRTY EXPERIENCE..... FLIPKART IS FAR BETTER THAN AMAZONE.......
There are 2 Aspects to review this phone: Aspect 1. Value for money: 110 Percent. Very impressive big screen, No Sopt-Hangs business, not required Memory card. Camera is Just fine considering value for money aspect. Mails are perfectly viewed like TAB. Aspect 2. Meet expectations: 90% Display: Size is impressive, Viewing angle is little disappointing but not make Big difference. Processor: Dual core, handles tasks perfectly. Calls-Email-Whatsapp & IM use perfectly delivered. RAM: Run whatever it does not consumed more than 90% RAM (I am not a big fan of games but I am sure it will be delivered on games too) ROM: Advantage to have a storage inbuilt. Size: Slim yet does not fit in any pocket, those who wear skin fit cloths ride bike think about it. Battery: Back up is good, Last for a day even if BT us used for 4 to 6 Hrs. Sound: Clear but need a bit louder. Scree Guard: Comes complimentary but not anti glare. This phone required anti glare / Matt finish. Apps: Too Many Google Apps (not a drawback but you need to disable it) Clean Master is one window solution for app manager, antivirus, speed booster (deliver in built). Flip cover: Most miss understood product, it is magnetic so people think it should stick to screen. In fact, it is automatically locking & Unlocking screen when you close & open. (like Blackberry covers) 100% washable in running tab water so buy white & use as you want GREAT..! Camera: Front camera serves Skype calls, not enough for selfie. Back Camera works fine & Flash is perfect but disappoint if we compare Phone impression with CAM quality. Business: Big size delivers mails perfectly, Easy to read, write & forward. In built office app help to use Word Excel Power point. Kindle: Best experience while reading eBoks in Kindle app. Font: Many says font size is too big (even if it is set as small) I dont think this is disadvantage, read over this pone & check small phone and your eyes tell you how we are stressing eyes in small phones. (specially while using mail, browsing internet) Q: Why micromax gives trial version games which are not removable??? We can buy it from play store if we are keen. If you can accommodate big size, having a small budget Go for this.
This phone can be considered as the best mobile at a much lower price for the current trend. One can use it as a tab or a cell phone. It is really big when compared to an ordinary android mobile. This phone is really worth the price.
good mobile with nice features , the box contained the flip case and scratch gaurd . the look feel and performance is very good . with BT , wireless and Mobile on the baterry doesnt seem to last too long though
Good phone, good screen with 6" for low budjet People
No it is not nice as i have got 516 mb ram onlyyy.. If i i have got 1gb ram it will be nice
every thing is good but camera is not up to the mark
speaker voice is very low. Quality of screen in respect of colours is on lower side. SAR limit (head & body) of this mobile device is on higher side. To know the SAR limi please dial *#07#
Very good phone of this price . all specifcation is very good . good performence . but sound is very very poor . also camera is only average quality. And other performance is not a problem
Not a great product screen quality is very poor, build quality is exceptionally crappy. Buy this instead http://www.amazon.in/dp/B00NEFFWF6/ Micromax Cavas A1 with Android one
cameca quality is not good, as it is of 5 mp camera. secondary camera is also poor. Sound of ring tones is not sufficient loud, some times it is unable toknow the incomming calls.
This was for a friend. He is very happy with the phone. Personally I feel that 1gb ram has made it a tad slower, this shortcoming apart the phone is excellent price/feature-wise.
Regarding sound it is very poor. Ringtones of very low volume. Volume quality needs to improve otherwise it is good phone. Pl help me to improve volume quality. Its very low.
Including mobile price rate , Looks& Features mobile is too good & Excellent but only 5MP Camera clearity is not good in Dark compare to others Phones with 5MP CAMERA.......
Works fine..One thing which I dislike is default apps occupying internal memory and we arent able to move them..volume is little low, when it comes to hearing music..
It is nice. I liked it especially.. Still 4 stars cause some improvements still can be made. Just check that out. Other wise it is most perfect phone for beginners..
Very good product - as per its price range
Nice Phone. It was delivered with Jelly Bean OS. I could upgrade it to Kit Kat with in hours after receiving. I added a 32 GB SD card. Loaded 5 Apps which stream music. I also loaded all my music albums. Earlier I was using Canvas A 72. So transferring contacts was very easy. Pictures taken with the cam are good. I use this phone for Skype . The picture quality is good. Only complaint is the ringer volume is low compared to A 72. Good phone. I would recommend it to any one who is looking for a phone with Big display in this budget.
Nice product, astonishing price, complete in all respect. Even flip cover and screen protector also included in original company pack. Hurrah micromax, keep it up.
I purchased this mobile at 5.5k at the time of Diwali offer, it's a nice bargain. Mobile is nice n stylish with lots of applications, in fact it's a great deal.
Exactly as advertised. Dont expect this to be an iphone. Its a large phone with decent specs for the price. Bare minimum components but excellent for the price
For the price I paid it has wonderful features. Camera could have been a little better, but it really does not matter, since it gives pictures of good quality.
quality ,look and feel and performance is above expectation for this price 6700 and very quick service from amazon. product reached to me within promised time
The display resolution is not good and its touch sensitivity is also not so good. Overall in this price the mobile is good for net browsing & general use.
its a good product value for money battery back up is not so good but in this price you have to compromise with some thing so i am happy with this product
Everything fine. But sound volumes are low Camera performance poor, bluish in color etc any how plays video fine, large screen plus point
Handset is good according to its quality specification & price.If its battery life & colour availability will more then it may more attractive & better.
I will never suggest any body to buy this mobile phone very slow with various inherent problems want to exchange against any other phone of same range
Kindly arrange a true copy of bill for warranty......as i m facing some internal problem ......and the copy which u have send me have lost by mistake
Value of money. as per my expectation
Its Very wonderful product i like it and thanks to amazon how sand me deliver on time.phone quality is very good. every think is good in this phon.
It's best and good phone in range of Rs. 5000 to 8000. all features are good. HD quality and sound quality both are very good. no hanging problem.
this set is problem on screen touch.
i hate amazon for this bloody mistake they have committed . they gave me mobile with 4 gb internal memory.i love the mobile but i hate amazon.
Got it for my mom, she absolutely loves the increased real estate. Although the specs are not as great, it works well for the not advanced user
Battery does not even last for the entire day, even though my usage is very limited. Speed is ok, not very great. Camera is also not good.
The product is very good. Operating smoothly, but the sound of ringtone is very low. The camera is not CMOS, and hence not so good as expected.
Nice phone but a very low quality display. Pixels are not good at all. but amazon's delivery service is excellent. **** 4 star to Amazon
will u give all the accessorise with this phone.kindly reply my question.bcz i m cnfused dat will i get all the accessorise wid this phone .
Excellent mobile , Easy to navigate, wider screen, Game playing is amazing,good color display, soft touch screen,battery back is good
Phone is good ...but its camera is very bad,,and got trubble to Direct print from this device ... And could not connect to USB device....
its a good fone in this range by amazon---service of amazon is just awesme kindly provide more options for its panel n flip covers
I don't like this product because it is not working as expected even though it has 1GB of RAM and nice processor. Its performance is very slow. Also not able to use video chat on google hangout as it does not deliever the proper video. Also without headset microphone does not perform well, other side does not get your voice. Most basic function of map gps navigation does not work properly.
Very satisfied.. though not best phab or brand.. but got it at the best price and timely delivery.. Value for money product...
I am not believe this, because AMAZON gives this hand set less then MRP, My friends also shocking. and they were ready to buy it.
Good phone.I am quite satisfied with it,with the screen size and the camera .Except for the earphones,mine didn't work properly..
The battery backup is very poor. Battery drain out in less than 12 hours even in standby. Overall unsatisfactory with this phone.
Phonen is grt overall....not so happy with Screen resolution and camera quality....but for the price tag fully worth every penny
The mobile is awesome except the sound is output is very low . I dont know why they have not worked on this feature. Regds.
Very Good phone in budget, very good touch & camera but only one problem when i use data through wifi battery dragging quickly.
Nice.It is a good phone of 6 inches for this budget.The performance of doodle 3 is 4.5 stars. Amazon is better than flipkart
Micromax Canvas Doodle 3 A102 (White) . it looks and works good as per expectations.Micromax Canvas Doodle 3 A102 (White)....
Functions very good,good value for money.but white colour gets dirty easily.very satisfied.delivery on time.thanks amazon.
Excellent phone with a good ram and processor. I bought it for 6642 only. But camera is a little weak otherwise good one.
Got a problem in less than 15 days of receipt, have given to Micromax service center for repair. Dont know the fate yet..
It is a nice mobile at lowest price. Good looking and big screen is very useful for internet purpose.Thank you amazon...
Simply the best with high performance no complaint at all.... I got at best price from Amazon.in and very good service.
Nice android phone clear display beautiful looking big screen very much satisfied with micromax canvas doodle 3.......
After 1 months of use The Phone having Display/hang problem. Even manual restart does not help to switch on the phone.
Very nice phone. Cheap and best. I reccomend every one if you want a good phone at this price, you can buy this phone.
2 time problem still in service center,,,,,,,,,,,,dont buy it ,,,,i am planning to go in court against micromax...
WiFi connectivity not good.
I like this phone very much
This phone future excellent
the best cellphone at this price. It is fast, stylish and very smooth. The only problem is its sound is very low..
Buy only if u need bigger screen worst camera experience.should have checked its pixel per inch before buying.
Hi this is bharat and I want to share my experience with this yar really great this cell is fulfilled my needs yar I like its speed process also smooth I love this micromax doodle 3 is really great. Don't miss it guys....... REALY MY NEED IS FULFILLED. MICROMAX DOODLE 3 GREAT MOBILE
Its is good in its price but sometimes some functions are not work properly for this u have to rebot the cell
Ok phone with price not recomanded on That time shoud buy small size phone like 5inch with upgraed Processar
I bought it for 5787 nice value for money mobile thanks amazon & micromax for such a deal & fantastic mobile
Its a good cell phone.....I think it is one of the best phones in android....I LOVED THIS PHONE VERY MUCH!!!
i purchased it for my daughter. it is very good with all required apps. best product for the price offered
Great value for money, my white cover tends to get a little dirty, hope I can get replacements for cheap!
I got the delvery late by one day.however the rate was very competitive. the quality as per price is OK.
I have purchased this mobile and very much satisfied with sevice from amazon. Product is also good.
must buy it on this rate
1GB RAM n 8GB internal storage its worth buying this cell fr soo cheap cost.... All games support even those with high graphics i've installed ashphalt8 n real racing3 both running well n hv excellent graphics.... Must buy... Its a very good cell really....
micromax canvas is really a good phone, it gives pleasure to use. it is very smart and easy to operate
My experience with this phone is good except the battery performance is not as expected. Ys. HKD
Best product the price range ...no prob..at all.. Only the ear plugs are not that impressive..
the cost is more than market price. cost in market 7,400. ...........Awesome set screen is prtty good. also running a heavy games
gd mobile in d segment in less price. its best feature is its look, whc attracts me everytime....
It's good except camera (front and back).working nice all features incorporated in this mobile.
Awesome pH... <3 ...love it...thanx Amazon. In...... :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
A brave attempt by Micromax to produce a phone with good specs in a decent price which ended up in a failure. Ordered this for my brother and before handing it over to him, I used it for someday. All I can say is I was disappointed. Pros : - 6' screen good for watching movies even though it is not crisp. - Box includes a flip cover and screenguard. - Decent call clarity and sound. Here is my long list of Cons I found : - Cheap accessories like headphones and charger. - A 5MP cam, really ?!??! Compare it with Lumia 525 to see the difference. - Battery thirsty android platform with a 2500 mAh battery. Order a powerbank with this phone. - Unresponsive touch. - Apps like Skype, asphalt 8 etc hangs like crazy. - UI is worse when compared to the stock Android in Moto G Verdict. By compromising on price, Micromax ruined to build a good phone. Wake up Micromax, Lenovo and Motorola are manufacturing good phones in Android. Spend an additional 3k and buy those or go to the Lumia line rather than investing on Micromax in their so called Smartphone.
Got delivery before time as i wanted. Very Good Phone on this price. Excellent.......
EVERY THING IS OK EXCEPT SOUND WHICH IS VERY LOW. CAN;T ENJOY MUSIC. PL RECTIFY IN FUTURE SETS.
this time deleivery was little bit late but as always before due date thanku amazon
Item is value for money.I recd a defective charger and Amazon compensated for it brilliantly!
Voice quality is not good otherwise mobile is good I require phone if voice quality improve
Nice mobile in nice price. But camera resolution is not so good. Overall nice in such price.
i got this phone @6k Rs,which was cheapest when compared to other sellers.screen is amazing
Best android phone not hanging battery pak superb no network problems and like superb look
the flip cover was broken..please replace it if possible..i was written about it earlier..
awesome phone in the category of under 8000...just camera and sound quality is very low.
Amazing mobile with this price...any one want to buy...don't be hassitate go for it....
Battery doesn't work for more then 2-3 hours. Camera is good only in Day time. Amazon only giving 7 days replacement facility, So there is no way to resolve this problem. Other Qualities are good.
its memory card of 4GB not working, PLEASE CHANGE THE MEMORY CARD AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
this phone is good in the 7k range but it is little bit slow... useless 1 gb ram....
Not a good phone as I was expecting. I won't recommend this phone to my friend.
After using canvas HD, screen looks quite dull but mobile justifies by its cost.....
i have give the review only 2 star..bcoz this mobile camera quality is very down...
Product is awesome. Good take at low price. Thank you amazon for such a great deal.
It is perfect android phone in 7000 budget.. I love this phone.... Thanks micromax
It only 4 GB RAM..... Toooo irritating, bad camera. Very slow net. Very bad phone
Its only 20days I am using this set,too early to comment but till date its good.
This ph is very good. Perfectly working. Unexpected at this price. Real good buy
Thanks Amazon!! Phone is really good with all the functions within the budget!!
delivery is very prompt. Camera is very poor. some time it shows system error.
Wrong Specs: Item Weight 590g. Can Amazon check the specs and correct the data
it's a value for money phone..priced best on amazon... gifted one to my nephew.
Excellent phone with good specification, and thanks seller for prompt delivery.
There is not comparison with other at that prize.........suprb spped......gorgeous look .....power fool and largest display....lighting fast speed for surfing...
I wanted more micromax doodle 3 for rs 6300/- Received in just 3days of order
I bought it 2 months back. Excellent mobile. Worth buying. Except prim cam everything is built up well.I wan't to notify all that the android version is Jellybean, its not 4.4.2 kitkat. Some say that its upgradable to kitkat ,but I didn't get any such updates till now.
Good Looking, nice performance, not lagging, it is best in this price range
dont buy this phone . This phon touch isvery poor. But amazone is very good
it meets all the specifications as requested.i am satisfied with the piece.
I buy it in Rs.6615. In this Price this Phone is Wonderful. 1GB-RAM, 8GB-ROM, OS-Kitkat Version. 6-Inch Screen. Phone is very smooth. No issue in Playing Games & Watching Videos. Only 2 drawback..sound & Camera. Otherwise Wonderful phone. Guys looking for Big Screen Phone can go for it.
I liked the phone very much with the Price of Rs.8,000. Delivered on time and Working well. I would refer this phone as 'Excellent'.
micromax canvas mobile is the value for money and have latest features.
music is not working properly..sometimes songs & videos dont even play.
Its really good phone with affordable budget, Large screen. Happy using
To start with amazing service and packing by amazon and coming to product doodle 3 1gb ram @ 6700/- is like killer with 6inch massive screen and quality for the price is also great and no lag or hang so far Concern : battery life and camera quality ( 5mpxl ) 
So far so Good, Nice appreciated by friends after me buying this Model
fine according to price...battery back up poor when connect to net...
its a good product for this price. awasome delivery. thanks to amazon
Good 6inch Phone for Rs.7,000; Good build quality, screen quality and battery life. One of the Best 6inch Phone for under Rs.7,000
this model was very good and most useful for maketing people like me
SOUND IS VERY LOW SHOPSCLOU IS GIVING THE SAME MODEL WITH 8GB MEMERY
Very low battery back up. Remaining everything is fine. A good set.
Good phone but its too big in size,at this price of 6k its worthful
a great phone everything is good except the front camera go for it.
really very happy to receive the mobile on time, without any issue.
very nice mobile... it is very fast.... i like it...in less price..
very good mobile i am very happy about this products thanks amazone
packaging is good. Though time taken is too long nearly two weeks.
Value for money. gOOD SCREEN. Cheaper than other Ecommerce sites.
Very nice mobile....rating is 5,.with low budget good features..
Very good display & battery backup. Camera is not up to the mark.
5th month a letter mobile bottom line touch screen problem
its gud phone
The mobile is amazing buy for this price..... But please prefer blue colourepiece as white easily gets Dirty.....
Very good and withing budget. Meets almost every requirement.
Its nice pH but earphone not god but amzone service very good
gud as per price . .gud phone..but sound quality is very poor
Excellent Mobile @ unbelievable price. There were negative comments about the Mobile as low sound. All lies. Sound is excellent and audible. Music is clear. Video playback is cute. The Magnetic Flip Cover is nice and spare back cover is a welcome addition. Pre-loaded with Android Kitkat. Additional scratch guard is useful. I presented this mobile as Birthday gift to my wife. She loves it like anything. PROS : Big Screen with Clear Display Audible Sound Free Magnetic Flip Cover, Spare Back Cover & Scratch Guard 1 GB RAM with 8 GB ROM inbuilt memory Weight-less compared to its size Doodle options-you can draw your own messages and send it by Whatsapp & Mail CONS: Slight Lag when playing games and browsing Unacceptable SLOW delivery by Amazon - 10 days. While I got other products delivered by Amazon so far in just 3 days. OVERALL: Excellent product at highly competitive prices.
awesum phone with such a big screen at such reasonable price
good working and nice mobile if u not interested in camera
Nice in budget for ladies big screen 1 gb ram white color
sound volume is too low,other than that its good product.
Very nice mobile with best price thanks amazon keep it up
Really great device. Thanks to Micromax and Amazon India
Product was as expected. Enjoy its features and working.
Good mobile in this budget, but some times got hang ....
Its good but camera is average.. Overall its better...
Awsme phone,superbe at lower price Thanks micromax
It is good.But the icons are big and no option to edit.
It's good but battery backup is not good...............
I m spending awsm moment with this mobile. Good product
good Android 6 inches phone 1 gb ram 8 rom in low price
nice handset its working much much better than samsung
Super phone for its price and also android KitKat
I don't know why some peoples are doing bad reviews about this item. I bought this mobile and I received it before 10 days of estimated delivery given by Amazon. Very quick shipping facility. When we come through product it is more than excellent. Now doodle 3 is improved some features. I received mobile with Android 4.4.2 KitKat version, 1gb RAM, 8gb internal storage. Many people said that sound quality is poor. Well they provide very low quality head phones with mobile. If you use any other head phones sound quality will be good. There is no company that provides these all features for such a low price I am very much satisfied with this product in such a low price. And I highly recommend you to buy this
Awesome phone. Only the issue is, display is looking bit blur. Everything else is on top.
PHONE IS VERY GOOD , ALL FUNCTIONS ARE OK EXCEPT CAM.
SOUND IS VERY LOW.OTHER THAN THIS MOBILE IS AWESOME..
micro max customer service not good my No 9495103273
Very good mobile. I am very happy with the purchase.
Great phone except for less internal memory for apps. Otherwise i cannot find any fault. Runs smooth at 1gb ram. Camera quality is poor.
Good with no problem. Sometimes touch is very slow.
Excellent product given by amazon at amazing price.
First Of All i got at a astonishing price of 6545/-.. Delivered to me in 3 days... Packaging was top notch.. Pros: Big screen 6" at small price Performance is very good.. doesn't hangs.. All games playing smoothly.. Clean smooth UI Smart flip Cover given inside the box.. doesn't require to open the flip cover to receive calls. Cons: Too many preloaded apps.
A very nice piece, with comparatively lower price.
Nice phone
Good phone
guys im not satisfied as it hangs more frequently
Over all is very good but colour is little poor.
Low price and good quality. I like this mobile.
Quality is good & delevary service is excellent
Nice phone with nice packing. Good performance.
i like the mobile phone and dilery service also
better phone at this range of price...i luv it
One cannot ask for anything more for rs.6000..
It's OK..
I will Recommend everybody to buy this phone.
Very good one With 8 GB ROM and 1 GB ram
A Good Android phone within low price range.
I Love The Micromax Canvas Doodle very much.
the camera of this item not working properly
It is really good phone with 6" display.
BEST PRODUCT AND LOW PRICE IS ONLY ON AMAZON
Nice wonderful phone I like it very very gud
I am extremely satisfied with this product. It meets all my expectations without burning a hole in my pocket. I would recommend prospective buyers to give a thought to micromax products if you are not in position to wash away your hard earned money in unjustified exorbitantly high priced Samsung products with almost same features.
Not Happy on the Product. Need ro Sell now.
its ok screen size is big, so handling prob
Good fon in this price all features r good
Great value for money. Highly recommended.
its good nd nice nd worthful for its price
Very good looking and working mobile phone
Its a good phone at this pric e range
Its the best in its range..should have one
purchased on nov10th till now no issues..
best phone in the budget.....thanx amazon
Awesome Phone loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good product.. and good service by amzon
Mobile s nice but camera s little poorly
fast delivery nd nice product ..........
Evrything is good except battery back up
Super . it will beat all Samsung mobiles
Yeah quick delivery and amazing product.
Good performance; meets my expectations.
very bad and werst service from amazon.
It is one of the best set of micro max.
Battery is very poor, heating too much
Very Good Mobile...Economical & latest
It's good.but speaker vol is very less
I m fully satisfied with the product.
i bought doodle 3 one week ago if u r 3g user then battry will run 2 or 3 hour and if u use 2g then it will run 5 or 6 hour apart this front cam is not good but in this range this is best if u have any quiry ask me on rajputarjun313@gmail.com
Excellent mobile with this price tag
flip cover and headphone are worst.
Perfect handset and timely delivery
Very very excellent & amzing mobile
GOOD PRODUCT.BUT SOUND IS NOT GOOD.
At this price the best option is micromax canvas doodle a111 in my opinion ...If u are willing to raise the budget bit more go for canvas hd or so.....this is least recommended... Source-Mobile expert and a user of canvas doodle a111
camera quality does not meet my requirements
good phone ... but camera very bad
Its awesome more than its worth...
Superb mobile under 10k. i love it
Good packing and good mobile phone
V good. What. Wanted in it got it.
very good product at exclent prize
Best mobile phone with best price.
Gem of a phone at this price point
Nice one in this price & category
Too Good phone! M loving it!
i like amazon good mobile !!!!!!!
Excellent product. I m satisfied.
Superb
Thanks
It is very nice & fast delivery.
Good product and value for money
Only Screen is big nothing else
good product at perfect price.
Gud phone to use in low buudget
Good looking ,cheap, fast in 3G
Excellent spec... except camera
good buy....worth for its value
So far so good... Thanks Amazon
Gr8 value for money I love it.
So far so good.. Cool features
it is best in such a low price
Sound very poor but phone good
A nice product at this price.
and Sound have to be improved
Good budget big screen mobile phone, happy with Micromax Canvas Doodle 3 A102 (White, 1GB RAM) except its poor camera quality with compare to others 5mp cam and poor sound quality.
Doodle3 is a big screen beast. Powered by Mediatek MT6572, Dual-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 with Mali 400 GPU. A decent 1GB RAM helps the processor to run fast. No hanging problem at all. 8 GB ROM is enough to install common applications like Whatsapp, FB, Viber, Skypr etc. Resolution is a bit lower like 480 x 854 pixels, 6.0 inches (~163 ppi pixel density). It should be 1024x720 with atleast 200+ ppi for decent resolution. but at this price point it is ignorable. Camera is not upto the mark, flash is not so powerful, again price point supports this drawback. Battery is ok. In a 6 inch screen, 1.5 day is pretty good. Headphones are waste. Buy separately HP like Soundmagic, Skullcandy, AWEI etc. for better sound output. I suggest to people, who wants big screen in low budget but with all smartphone abilities please go for it blindly. But remember, screen resolution will not comparable with high end phones (like samsung, htc, MI3 etc.or above rs. 10000+ ). Micromax service is poor, very poor. Don't expect service after sales.
Nice phone and working good.
Worth money for the product.
Good & nice to buy at amazon
I gifted this phone to my wife, she is very happy with it, The phone is good, since it has 1 GB RAM, performance wise it good as compared to other models with lesser RAM the 6 inch screen is a benefit for people who are fond of bigger phones, good enough to talk and hold, also it fits perfectly in her ladies clutch purse battery performance is also good my kids love the large screen and love to play games on it flash/camera is good the only disadvantage i see that the ringtone volume is less, this leads to a lot of missed calls I ended up having a high volume/pitch ringtone, but that helps only a little also, I feel that the screen resolution could be a bit better regarding internet/GPRS/Data connection, sometimes the internet does not seem to work, inspite of good network connectivity I do not know, if the issue with the service provider or the phone
Camera quality is not good.
Its good value for money...
awesome phone at this price
your service is very good.
Amazing deal in this Price
Satisfied with the product
nice phone value for money
thanks ... Mzing ftures :D
Very nice in bugted price
Nice phone in nice budget
its OK but warranty issue
A good product by Micrmax
nice phone in this budget
Good phone at great price
Happy with the Product .
Amazing cell..loved it..
Best phone in this price
From So much of Confusion i Took Doodle 3 on 15 dec 14 In 6623 Rs , a good more than a Fantastic phone i ever seen in This Range i will give full 5 stars for this device. Pros. -1 GB Ram -Dual Core its enough for 755 usage of the device -Wooping 6in Screen Some people tell icons are not good but i put mini launcher it awesome now. -Android Kitkat 4.4.2 -Camera is Not Soo good But its Better. -No lag Till now I have Putted So many Apps. Cons. - Weight is Bit More But its Not a Issue. -6 in. Display cant handle in One handle. -side seeing of screen is not so Good. Finally go for this its an good Product dont hesitate to buy this.. and More over its an MADE IN INDIA Product. Be product of INDIA by Buy This Device.
All thing in less price
Good but bigger in size
great mob at this price
phone is quite good and easy to operate. but the charger is not good. so i have to submit my complain for charger. please suggest.
its an awesome product
Excellent for net user
voice quality not good
Super price wonderful.
Mobile..I like it..but I am not OK with its sound profile. Volume is less for the incoming calls and music. Battery life OK..
Its an average phone. Frame rate is not good due to which it lags in some games. Camera quality is not good in low light.
maximum performance..
VERY VERY SMART PHONE
camera quality is low
Sound quality is poor
Grt deal in budget...
worth for money spend
Touchpad is very nice
Value for money.....
its a great product.
Worth for this cost.
Very nice product...
Pure Value for money
It is a good product. Value for money. I got it for INR 6660 only from Amazon.in. 6 inch screen, 1 GB RAM, 8 GB ROM etc. makes it real good to use. Some people complained about battery draining out quickly but... obviously with 2 SIM cards, 3G or WiFi connections, big size screen, higher brightness causes it. I won't complain about it at this low price - but yes it can be improved. Cons: Viewing angles are not very good you need to hold phone infront of eyes to get a good look at the screen. Micromax should stop the default browsing site to micromax.com as it keeps downloading unwanted apps automatically and eats up data package.
Nice phone till now
good phone using it
Nice smartphone....
best for low budget
working fine thanks
it is a very good looking phone camera is also good battery is amazing sound is okay
very happy, thanks
GOOD PHONE OVERALL
very good product
Worth for d price
great value piece
Pros. This one has big 6inch screen in low budget Good screen resolution Good speed Awesome battery Awesome touch response Good design Good internal memory Negative. The white color back is very poor bcs the surface gets too much dirty in very few days of use The phone hard to carry in the pocket bcs of big size n weight The camera of this phone is not up to the mark 5 mp camera not enough for big 6 inch screen Thickness of this phone is not the best indeed....
Superb excellent
It's really good
This is nice set
WORTH MORE MONEY
Using this phone for last 04 days. Good phone with good looking for its big screen. Fast access. Battery backup good. Sound quality is very bad Headphone is so so. Picture quality of Camera (5MP) is OK. According to the price, I am giving 70% marks on its performance. I had faced charger problem on the 2nd. day. Then I had replaced the charger from micromax servicing center. But got the black one instead of white. While charging it will stand by for a long time in 97%. then it goes to 100%.
Presently My Cell Phone under repair in your service Centre Cochin, Ernakulam, (Exclusive Care, USNAZ Tower, M.G.Road, Near Medical Trust Hospital, Cochin) Yesterday Morning I submitted the phone to this office they asked 15 days time for repair work this is too long period for me. Previously I was using NOKIA Phones Only, I bought Mixromax Phone first time. Please look in this matter seriously. Thanks & Best Regards V.S.Rooben Ernakulam, Cochin
Very mest phone
worth the money
Very nice phone
Good one in 8k.
not as expected
Value for money
Value for money
ITS REALLY GOOD
Worth buying it
very nice phone
Nice phone.....
good product..
Am having fun.
HDFC Cashback Offer December 10 to December 12, 2014 Cash Back of 10% on HDFC Bank Debit or Credit Cards and additional 10X Reward Points on Credit Cards. Minimum purchase of Rs. 4000 required. The maximum cash back permitted/allowed per Card (including all add-on-cards) during the Offer Period is Rs. 2,000/-. February 15, 2015 I haven't got the above cashback till now. Pl do needful for early credits.
Very Good Large screen size for this price. However, it seriously lacks in Camera and Sound quality. Good improvement in this area would really improve sales of this product. Please note that this product would be very useful to ladies and elderly people for its larger screen size that helps in better viewability and they don't mind carrying a larger size handset which can easily go into their handbags.
Nice in price
very nice set
Good phone...
nYC Product.
Nice product
good product
nice handset
Lovely, big.
Good mobile.
nice product
Good Deal :)
Despite of having 1GB RAM it kind of hangs frequently, but looks good at a low price range for minimum application users. Some times I also find it to have a problem with the touch controls...it is not as good as my Motorola touch features...Any ways I didn't expect too much at this price range but I rate it as an average bit of smart phone.
The specification mentioned is bit different and it's extremely good . That is I got a1gb ram mobile instead of 512mb ram.. That was awesome.. The mobile is quite good and easy to use. Touch is good and display is above average. 5mp cam is not so great . But it take a decent pics in day light . Over all a great value of money !!
Nice mobile
Nice Mobile
Good choice
good mobile
I liked it.
Great phone
It's good.
Nice phone
GOOD PHONE
nice..one.
nice phone
Nice phone
Good Phone
I have got this product in superb condition and i appreciate amazon for its packaging. it took 8 days to deliver this product and as mentioned on cover its 8 gm rom but i only found its 4 gb internal so its little disappointment for me, overall this is a good phone i jst loved it.
need only HD display otherwise ok.......
Quite Good Product at Low Cost i.e below 6000. If you are Not camera addicted person Its good budget Phone. Music system not Up to the mark But Not Worst As well.. Its Near 3 Star Performance. Over all Dual Core Processor Phone Its Impressive No Doubt.
good one!
VERY GOOD
it is ok,
Best deal
VERY GOOD
Satisfied
very poor
Excellent
Very Nice
very good
excellent
It's Nice
very good
great buy
i love it
A good value add for the money spent.... Do not expect too much from the display as the 5 mp camera and the screen size don't sync giving a blurred images ..but again as i said for this price..thats what you have in the market rt now !!
Good set
vey good
excelent
its good
Good phn
Must buy
Too good
excellent product excellent price by amazon Rs 5,439 . 1 GB Ram , 8 GB Rom , 5Mp , 0.3Mp cameras. 6 inch display, android kitkat os, 2500 mAH battery, flip cover and screen guard. amazon you are the best .
Excellent phone ...The best you can get in this price range..superb features, humongous screen and good battery backup.. Although the 5 MP camera could have been better... Overall worth every penny !!
Better go 4 moto e, unite 2 or redmi 1s , its screen,battery and video quality is very low. But service from amazon was better than flipkart because it returned it without asking any question.
I am satisfied with this gadget.Battery last for a day .Earphones quality is bad but i use my nokia c-3 earphone as it has 3.5 mm jack.Those who are looking for huge screen can bindas buy this.
vry nic
1No pic
Not bad
MOBILE IS GOOD ACCORDING TO ITS SPECIFICATIONS BUT THE WORKING OF THE PROCESS IS A BIT POOR... IT SHOULD BE IMPROVISED AND THIS SHOULD BE NOTIFIED TO MICROMAX CUSTOMER SUPPORT...
Doodle 3's 6"screen is what attracted me the most. It's 480 px only but feels like 720 believe me, that's the clarity of this screen. Also the interface is better than any phone
Awesome Phone !!! only drawback I found is speaker volume little bit lower but manageable and camera quality is OK. Still I recommend this phone those r looking on for big screen!!!
i love this phone ...........everything is good except display .......i request to mmx to make 6 inch screen with at least 1080p display +2 gb ram for doodle 4
Great.
superb
Sandip
Superp
battery, speaker,internal colors, is very low. phone book name is first word no color, this is not a colorful phone. hindi language is not supported
exlnt mob. 6 inch screen, 1gb ram, kitkat 4.4 , 5megapixel cmra in only 6668 rup. It's awsm, tks gabbar deals. Your service is very good
I brought this mobile 1 month before at reliance degital for Rs 8000. Its really good one for all needs. Front camera is not good
Super
Goood
super
Gud 1
vioce
Great
on basis of price and features it is too good.
only speaker sound very low and all r good camera, display and look r good. over all good phone. ...
Ordering time in online we see 4 GB Internal memory but that's only 712MB how is it it's. Cheating.....
Very poor quality charger added with this handset‚my charger is not working within one month of purchase
Excellent product for its price...nice performance service from Amazon... superb and great...
Good
good
good
good
Good
Good
good
Good
GOOD
Good
Good
Nice
Good
good
Good
Best
good
nice
Good
nice
Good
Good
The best mobile...best amazon service.. Nd great support... Thanks to amazaon nd micromax
It was an defective piece and hence returned back. Thanks to Amazon for fast refunds.
This is a good phone for 1GB RAM 8GB ROM KITK....4.4..... VI....PHONE SO SO SO GOOD
all function is good accept camera, Quality of camera is not good
the product not download there is a some software or hardware defect i also go to service centre of micromax they say return the product they also not satisfying me download problem
This phone specification is really good in this low price/comparable range.... I requested to Micromax plz provide morecustomer service centers
It's not clarity mobile and camera only 5mp but weast...
Camera quality is very bad, display & sound are not ok.
Nice and I'm enjoying with Doodle. thanks Micromax.
i buy this phone it s bossom and very good phone
Touch Complaint, So please don't Buy this Phone
it is very good product, touch also good
Ok
The model is good for music and very fast
Good to use big screen useful for games
you gave me in good price thanks
MICROMAX HAS GOT BAD AFTER SALES SERVICE .AFTER PURCHASE YOU WILL REGRET THAT YOU BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT . I AM SAYING THIS BECAUSE I AM MICROMAX PHONE USER
A total failure. Hangs every minute
Quality Smartphone at LOW PRICE.
Good Handset in this range ,,,,
Solid phone at this price....
Very good ....no any problem
Well delivery. Super price
didnt get the product simply gave a earphone
Nice phone in low budget
Awesome cell phone
i recieved the mobile phone 0n 28-8-14,actually my query is that i booked the mobile phone which has 8gb of internal memory and the mobile phone you delieverd to me has only "2gb of internal memory instead of 8gb". i am very dissatiafied with your service and feeling cheated with the wrong kinds of advertisement. please return this piece of junk and send me a 8gb version of the same as soon as possible.
worst phone i have ever encountered with App lock never works at a site i was told internal memory 4GB bt got 1.96GB checked other phones were better then this though it has not hanged yet but can't tell :P
good product
VERY GOOD...
Never buy this never ever....they jus sitting thr to fool people nothing else Its jus 4 year old phone and they are fooling ppl Never expectd this frm amazon CRAP it is They hv come to India to just fool us nothing more
Excellent
Very good
Execilent
BEST MOBILE OF THE YEAR. ALL FEATURES R EXCELLENT, QUALITY ALSO SUPER. I THINK THIS IS VERY POPULAR MODEL A102 THANKS FOR AMAZON.
difactiv
good one
superb
Good set but Ring tone is very slow. I have also bye micromax jucie 0177 both same problem
super
its a great experience with amazon on my first buy,.,.,.
Average h. Dont expect much
Mast, awesome
