B00JGMRDOE
really nice Smart Phone paying less with full of latest features.... my purchase so wortht :) must buy & buying online from Amazon I saved some more money....
Super I like lenevo compare to Samsung any brand this cost....never beat lenovo s650.guy's buy this phone no problem I'm using this mobile.
s 650 completely meet my expectations. more than enough battery backup-2 days (usually i don't use continuous data connection, but daily may be 2-3 hours). good looks cons: gets heated up when we use processor more than average like in playing games. overall very good for a user like me.
nice phone i like it, immediately updated to kitkat
this is very good phone . not encountered any problems yet. average battery. good speed. earphones suck. slim and light.
i just received and i am very happy with Lenovo S650 light weight phone with beautiful back cover :-) :-)
Good cell to purchase... Never hang, good battery. Nice features looking at the price... Really Happy with this product...
Mobile looking is very good no issues. But disply some 3 or 4 ded pixcel is there. Other than this mobile is fine.
i have received defective product i switched of my mobile and after that its not switching on
Phone looks great. has good features. But the biggest negative is the poor battery backup
Nice and excellent mobile works excellent but menu option is not available..
Had initial problem with touch got it rectified under warranty Nice phone..
Worst phone this is not working I did mistake by buying this from Amazon.
CAMERA QUALITY IS NOT GOOD . SCREEN RESOL. IS ALSO NOT GOOD IN THIS PRICE
It has poor network reception, other than that its a brilliant product
I want to say one word that is "I satisfied"
How to update the jelly bean to 4.4 kitkat version
I brougt it for my wife Very nice mobile
Looking bad from outside. Worst from inside.
Good Product and quality worth buying..!!!
Battery is heating during charging
Simply awesome. Next day delivery.
I like it bhot hi accha phone hay
Nice service,as heard & expected.
what about the photo quality
It just arrived to my place yesterday. I was using Galaxy Note 1 earlier but I needed a dual sim, and so went for it. I quickly transferred all my address book to it. Connected wireless, and upgraded Firmware, and to Android Kitkat 4.4 (Phone manufactured in May 2014, and I see there were two cumulative firmware upgrades the system prompted for, one before Android upgrade and one after). Overall, the phone gives a smooth experience with bright screen and clear voice. In retail the phone was about 12.5K, and amazon gave good deals. The phone came with a default phone case (which had a tempered tin flap at the back, which can roll into a circle with little pressure and thus support making the phone stand on the desk. The flap straightens when we put it back). Overall experience is awesome so far. Just that I miss my SNote of Samsung and the pen. I see that data connection can be active for only one network, but not both. Not sure if that is the case with all phones. 2000mAH is decent but not very great. But would see how long it gives and write feedback again. I had Samsung note -1 and it is also 8MP. Compared to that this phone camera which is 8MP, is mediocre, and doesn't stand up to the quality which is expected, but I am a photographer myself, so I don't depend on phone camera for important occasions.
superb smart phone..
good product
good product
Good in cost
Nice phone
Average
its ok
with in 15 days phone started automatically on off, return button not working. Really very poor performance by Lenovo.
Ye mobile mat kharidna chaina Lena sasta mileage west your money and time to service center Microsoft lumia lelo
good
Nice
