B00JHAAK8G
I bought Sony Xperia E1 Dual yesterday. I got free Sony Head phone(1390 INR) along with ear phone which makes happy! I updated software. I did not face any issue so far. It is actually nice feeling to operate,4” big display and best sound quality which attracts much. it is very cheap and best mobile in this price range Guys who is planning to buy 7500 INR, please choose this phone. Only thing is 512MB RAM which makes disadvantage for heavy games Camera is 3.15 MP is also basically OK (without flash) for this price but that depends on usage of person
Very bad exp.phn gettng restarted three to more times and also voice getting hanged inturrepted and cut while talking o speaking on call.
Product delivered in 9 days. Not delivery at home, salesmen was called me at collect phone. Very bad exp.phn getting restarted three to more times and also voice getting hanged interrupted and cut while talking o speaking on call.
Cheap in comparison and awesome sound quality. Reliable and strong. Good and perfect for rough use but scratches fall too soon.... That's the only disappointment.
great phone at a reasonable price.
good phone , sound quality is best , camera quality best ..
i have satisfied with this mobile and i'm very happy.
After several months, so far is good one.
very nice mobile. Delivery was very slOw
Its nice n superb
prducts reviews is not good parfomance other problem in creat in a model
Good phone..
Product delivered in 7 days. Product.. not expected quality. OS had issue. Had to give to the service centre by paying Rs. 300/-. Now the product is working fine. I really want to know, if you please.. what kind of testing OK mechanism you people do ?? Regards
nice phone
disappointed mobile is getting hang while playing games.in fact couldn't able to play any game....camera quality is not up yo the mark at dark.
Smooth phone feels nice in the hand. Bought it for gifting and have ordered one more for myself after seeing the performance.
good
Very.......... Bad phone.
