B00JRSW824
I love this phone as it is having 8GB internal memory and Expandable upto 32 GB which is primary plus point of this phone. Next thing is HD display, which gives unmatched experience while watching movies even 1080P. And the microphone and loudspeaker are the another assets for this phone. I feel like day by day some new features are being added. Only negative thing about this phone is that it is having very delicate back panel and sim slots are not firm. Apart from this every thing is perfect in this phone
Lenovo is setting a benchmark for its competitors. I have been using this phone for almost for a month now. Till date didn't face any trouble. It has a very sleek and stylish look. Camera quality is superb. Touch is also great. The only thing I don't like about this phone is the earphone. Very poor quality. And make sure you use a scratch guard. Even though Lenovo boasts of scratch-resistant screen, mine got a small scratch recently. Besides that, it's a nice, low budget phone. Totally worth buying. Trust me, you’ll love it
Worth for 8k..So far happy with the performance(48 hours of usage).Battery charge will remain for 12 hours with moderate usage.Touch response and screen clarity is good.Its way superior to other sub 10k handsets.Very much disappointed with the headset. It will not fit in .So I'm using a different brand headset..I don't understand why lenovo is providing such unfit accessories. Still I'm happy.Will update the further details shortly..Hats off to amazon!!!
The phone is awesome... I wonder why people are picking micromax and all... Lenovo is equally competent in all aspects to leading brands.
It is only few months since the phone was purchased and it is already having problem...the microphone does not work. Lenovo service center in Kochi is not having spare and it is more than a week we are waiting...and service center is not confirming when spare will come..Lenovo should be taking care.
Hello Guy. One of the best mobile in this price...u can say worthy. Im impressed wth dis configuration. Just Buy.
its been 15 days iam using the phone- overall iam very happy for the money I paid towards it. touch /charge/ performance / camera & sound quality. The only hitch I have towards using the phone is when picking the call it stays hanged at times may be because of very sensitive touch screen - also may be because of multi command swipe notification been taking by the phone while pulling the call.
Bought it for Rs. 9800 and I think it is totally value for money. Good battery life, good camera, good phone overall!
Things I liked 1GB ram mobile with 5 inch screen and a good camera mobile Sleek and modern design with removable battery and dual normal sim, Good resolution. Havn't tested any gaming as I limit it to PCs only :) I think going beyond these needs is just a waste in terms of mobiles and just shows off ones luxury.
Awesome mob I am totally satisfied with it the touch sensor is really good am camera results also
Excellent product by Lenovo at an affordable price. Very much satisfied with the product.
This not a good phone and lag the features which are important. Downloading more then a limit of apps just makes it slow. So my suggestion would be that you should prefer any other phone of same brand rather than this. Dilivery facility is also not good it makes one waiting for new phone to come
The product's good.The features and the processor speed was pretty good.Good mobile to click pictures and has a good internal storage of 8GB.Cam was awesome.Earphones doesn't last more than 3 months.The other draw back is the battery which doesn't give the back up as expected after some 4 months.
Worthless phone. OS can't be upgraded to kitkat. Whole software contains problem. Sometime download happening sometime not. Battery performance is also not satisfactory. Purchased and now returning. Although amazon support is quite complimentary. Now I'm confused about lenovo mobiles.
good phone, received in time with good packing .overall performance is exellent
Its the Best Phone in the Market with superrb Camera, build quality, battery performance and mainly with the Best bRAND... THANKS AMAZON AND THANKS TO THE lENOVO TEAM... I LOVE IT
This is a amazing phone in this price.its apps are too good and its processor also.and no chance of hang.battery backup is superb.so guys don't miss this chance u should get it.
good in use but back cover is sophisticated amazon will provide only 10 day return facility & after 10 days my power key nt work ....nt known what is future of my money ...
Excellent product for the cost I love lenovo products they are worth the cost especially my smart phone I m loving. It........
The video taken using the phone seems to be stretched, is their any settings to make it normal. Every thing else is fine.
Best one at this price range
wow nice phone. i will use 25 day and phoe is excellent.battery back up 15 to 18 hour,led screen 8 gd internal memory
Phone is good. But no compass in lenovo... So GPS navigation won't work. Rest all excellent.
Working good.But where is music player? Alphabatic arrangement of icon is not possible!!!!!!
It is good phone. Camera quality is sharp and processing is fast. Good for internet users.
Till date it's working fine... no problems yet....hoping that it will work good.....
Handling quiet easy - what is important for me :) and good performance
Nice phone. Battery back up , design of the phone is too good.worth buying
Great phone. Great camera. Two days of battery life. And thank you Amazon.
Nice product, Performance is good. but, Spare is not available in market.
The Camera quality is great..It takes clear picture even in dim light..Quite decent processing speed..Picture quality is awesome..
Good performance of phone but battery life is not too.
For incoming call mobile hang when you receive a call
very fast dilevery. handset is in good position.
A good phone at a very reasonable price point!
Good mobile....I am very satisfied with this.
Its a wonderful experience with lenovo A859
ITS AWESOME SET, BATTERY LIFE IS VERY GOOD, REAR CAMERA QUALITY- VERY GOOD. 5" TOUCH SCREEN FANTASTIC , SOUND QUALITY ALSO V GOOD, SO DON'T HESITATE BUY IT NOW. I LOVE THE LENOVO A859 SET. THANKS AMAZON. BUT DELIVERY IS NOT GOOD, BLUEDART COURIER IS MOST 3RD CLASS CATAGORY. I HAVE GOT THIS SET AFTER 17 DAYS.
Good set as compared with others by price
excellent product, good lightning offer.
Pros. Good device features, ease of operation, Cons. Memory is not 8GB as claimed. Phone is getting heated up near the speaker/ear area when you talk, battery back up is poor since with full charge mandatory apps (minimum) batt drains within 10 Hrs.
Awesome phone, total value for money
Good for a beginner and play games.
Lenovo A859 feature what I have compair with others is more than other mobile with lower price. Preferably HD screen, 8GB memory. U can update KITKAT afterwords, time to time updated is available with your mobile. So, go for it, no problem.
Good mobile and smooth performance
Awesome phone ..... Good price !!
Its 3 weeks since I bought this phone... I am happy with this, fast enough, all the features- worth for money. So far not observed any issues
Camera both side veryggood, over all working god but one problem I many time faced phone automatic switch off I can't know
Its very nice phone
It's really awesome
Just Superb mobile
Very good mobile
Its a good phone
Camera not OK..
waste product
Defective set
Good phone
Nice phone
Excellent
Excellent
GOOD
good
Good
Good and nice mobile, display, touch are good one...
