B00J06WWFQ
Xperia E1 is a successor to Sony's Xperia E released in 2013. The E1 has better specs and better performance than the old one,and is one of the best 'branded' budget device coming under Rs10000. Performance : Even though this only has a dual core processor and 512MB ram,the performance of the device is excellent. Many games like Temple Run,Riptide GP2,Dead trigger etc ran without much issues thanks to Adreno 302 GPU on board. Some Notable features and issues 1) A dedicated walkman key on the top. 2) Camera is just a basic 3MP auto focus one with No led flash.Only WVGA@30fps Video is supported. There is no front cam.Overall disappointed. 3) The build quality of the phone is excellent,doesnt look cheap at all.The back cover has a matte finish which gives it a nice grip to hold the phone. 4) Apps CANNOT be moved to sdcard which means you are left with 2GB of storage for apps. 5) Viewing angles are OK,not that good. The brightness fades when playing tilting games like Riptide GP2. 6) Android 4.3 Jellybean,and 4.4 Kitkat update is expected. 7) Only 512 MB ram. 8) On screen home,back,multitasking buttons. 9) Phone is thicker than many other budget devices. 10) Li-Ion 1750 mAh battery - If you are a heavy internet user,not enough to get you through one full day. Benchmarks Nenamark Score - 56fps - Impressive. Antutu Benchmark - 12900 - Quadcore devices like Xolo Q700,Q700i scores the same. Quadrant - 5680 In the Box - USB charger,Cable,Normal headphones. Overall a good branded budget device ,far better than those budget devices offered by Samsung,both in terms of performance and build quality. However,you can get better 1GB,quadcore devices from indian manufactures like Micromax,Xolo etc at this price range. If 'Brand' doesn't matter to you,i would suggest you to get those. NOTE : If you buy it from a Sony Dealer,you can get a FREE headset (Sony MDR-ZX110A) worth Rs. 1390. Im not sure whether this deal is available online as it is not mentioned anywhere.
Very worst model in sony.. I'm using this mobile for last 8 month it ll switch off often..even everyday it is happening im very dissatisfied
Good mobile for Sony lovers with a good interface and under budget too.I am using this mobile for almost 50days no problem working fine. I bought this mobile because it's of its unique Walkman feature which is am impressed bass is good and music is supper clear otherwise in other mobiles if we increase the bass you won't get good music effects but this mobiles bass and music is good Dint expect much from this mobile couz of 512mb of ram but high ends games are working good which I am impressed and daily use battery backup and performance is good too
Handset Casing seems to be a cheap quality plastic. Earlier i was using Nokia c2-00. I felt that overall build quality and finish are better in nokia. There is some difference in performance of 2 sim slots. Same sim is giving poor signal strength in the first slot and good signal strength in the second slot (from same location). The item supply was quick. but not willing to provide any support after the sale. I suggest to consider moto g/e, before making a final decision
xperia E1 satisfies my requirement. Walkman app is awesome. Able to play 3D games without lag. Tested Temple Run2. It is fast. But disappointed with Camera. Pictures are very noisy. I will recommend this for music lovers and basic 3D game players.
Delay in delivery due to typo in pin code no. and also some hassle due to non-availability of clear information on detailed status of delivery - parcel tracking.. Otherwise packing was good and all content were ok as ordered.
Build is very poor quality, for this proce range we can get better phones in other brands, back panel is of very cheap plastic quality
Waste of money!!! Mobile total ram only 423mb and free only 60mb 60mb.. There is no any available custom rom for this.
I bought it for my Pa .Want a quality thing, go for it. Best for middle ages. For the people who prefer quality over quantity.
Phone is ok with this budget. but i recommend to take some thing at higher budget. Not upto the mark.
Hi yes the phone is been performing well and satisfied with amazon service..good going keep up.
What is the actual weight of this mobile, 270gm or 272gm or less ? Give correct specs.
Great item I upgrade it to kitkat and working nice. Good value of purchase.
Nice Phone at Budget by Sony,But it consits of Flash it will be too good
I had purchased it 2 months ago, it would reboot itself!! And then it stopped working when it got barely wet in rain. The service center when contacted told that the product was now out of warranty because of the water, and I would have to pay Rs 4000 for the repair of the phone that cost me Rs 8200!!
Rates and delivery is great.
I am planning to get it from flipkart since they offer a low price plus Headphone free. Better to go for it
good, but shipping is poor
Head phone is not working
look good
Just love this phone.... It has met my expectations .....if you think only high end phones are good... You must use this phone ... Amazing the way it works...it is Sony after all No compromise ! Never felt the absence of a flash ..
Nice set
First by reading the previous reviews I was in confusion that if this phone would fulfilled my expectations. But now when this is with me for last 1 week I can say that it fulfilled my expectations very nicely. The key features are:- 1. Decent fast though it has 512 mb ram. 2. Internet speed is good. 3. Touch screen very good. 4. I faced hang for 2 times (as I also have read in reviews) but when the android updated, then never face such problem. 5. Battery life is very good. With 4-5 hour of Internet using and other use it till last for more than one day. The battery has a 'Stamina mode' feature, which gives more backup. 6. Sony gives nice apps with its update bundled with. At last I have to say who wants a budget phone with basic android features they can go for it positively.
Otherwise a wonderful piece of engineering, this handset irritates you by being moodier than your girlfriend. I suggest NOT TO BUY.
Poor Sound quality. You can barely hear the caller. Very ordinary phone. Not happy with this product. Would not recommend to anyone.
Sony is dying, technology is dead with Sony whats the point? Maybe 10 years ago it was a different story but now?
Good
Ok
good phone in this price range..
