B00JFRBPF8
Xolo Q2500 is a 6 inch Phablet powered by a mediatek quadcore chipset and 1 GB of ram. Xolo devices,as always are well built with good looks.This thing is powered by a 3000mAh battery that can easily last one day of heavy usage,making it a good entertainment device. The back panel of the device is matte finished giving it good grip. # Highlights 1) 6 inch LCD Screen with a resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels ( ie 720P display,with 245PPI ) 2) Mediatek MT6582 - Quadcore cpu clocked at 1.3Ghz and Mali-400MP2 GPU 3) 1 GB Ram 4) Android 4.2 Jellybean with on-screen buttons enabled - Xolo's official website says they will upgrade this to Android 4.4 Kitkat at a later time. 5) 3000mAh battery. 6) Net firewall software integrated into the settings allowing you to control which apps can use internet ( data/wifi ). # Performance The CPU/GPU combination on this device is quite good and many of the graphics demanding games can be played without much issues. The UI is stock Android,which makes it buttery smooth to navigate. 1GB Ram ensures good multitasking. Overall performance is great. Same internal specs are seen in devices like Xolo Q700S, Micromax Canvas Mini,Gionee M2 etc. # Camera 8MP, Dual LED, BSI sensor - Good enough for your sharing needs. Camera performs well in good light and it can also shoot 1080P videos. The front camera is a 2MP one. # In the Box Xolo is providing a free flipcover,a screen guard,wall charger,micro usb cable,usb otg cable and normal headphones (not in-ear ). The battery is non-removable. # Verdict Overall a good phablet with good specs. Idle device if you are looking for a phablet with good battery backup. Xolo is also promising Android Kitkat update for this device and they are good at giving OTA updates unlike other Indian manufacturers. If you want even more power,check out Gionee M2 with a 4000mAh battery with almost same internal specs,but coming for a lesser price.
i hd ordrd it from amazon but no issue with them but got on 10th Nov n brokn display on 20 Nov...nw its 14dec but still dint get repaird...slipd just n got heavy damage...i feel service of xolo is waste n the product is worst bcz quality is nt at all gud...i was using samsung since 4 years n the touch screen is so gud nt cheap as xolo plz dont waste ur money...iam keeping it paid 11399 for cel n to repair its 6800 the xolo care bil ...taking a month to repair ....plz dnt buy online plz plz plz hard earnd money plz dont waste ..
an above average phone. Features are good. BUT XOLO SERVICE IS VERY VERY POOR. THE REPLIES THEY GIVE TO OUR COMPLAINT MAILS ARE VERY CASUAL, AS THEY DONT EVEN BOTHER TO READ OUR PROBLEMS WITH THE DEVICE. THE PHONE DIDNT GET UPDATE TO KITKAT, BUT THEIR WEBSITE STILL SAYS THE PHONE IS UPGRADABLE TO KITKAT. EVEN AFTER RELEASE OF LOLLYPOP IN MOTO-G XOLO DINT RELEASE KITKAT UPDATE FOR Q2500. SHAME.
The speaker volume is low. But I love the long lasting battery. Gotta wait n see, if this battery health of carrying on for two days lasts longer. Got this phone in July 2014. video n picture quality is good enough for me. 6" screen provides for good reading.
Good stuff for the price; my motivation was, good battery backup; good camera, and large screen. But battery backup 70% of expectation, runs for one complete day with all internet data/wifi on and 1.5hrs of continuous phoning and only 20% battery to spare at the end of the day; Battery may go on for two days if used only for phoning, and without data on, or without any other use like movie or audio. Camera is more than average. Screen 100% worth. Good Build quality; Free screed guard, and very user friendly good quality flip cover add great satisfaction to my purchase.
Nice build quality ;although its 6 inch phab.but its very handy;amazing experience to watch movies;read books;browsing . camera quality & touch a bit dissapointment but overall its a nice device.
terrible mobile..from the day I have got it,it gave nothing but trouble.very badly made mobile.voice is inaudible,frequent call drops and hangs in the middle of calls.Dont buy it at all
i had owned and used a xolo q800 earlier, so i was expecting a better device, since i was upgrading TO xolo q 2500. my views are that Only the screen size is bigger than xolo q800 or else xolo q800 was better device than this. the touch screen is very sluggish and the phone hangs occasionly and the proximity sensor is not very sensetive,thus many a times the call gets disconnected by itself. Again the volume is also too low, and the headsets provided are very cheap and unusable hence i am using sony earphones. the volume control is also provided in the left side, cumbersome to use with flipcover on, it should have been on the right side. yes the flipcover, and the football which came along with it are of good quality. Final opinion, a good device but not a very good device. so XOLO NOT THE NEXT LEVEL.
Cons: - I am a Nexus 4 User which I bought 1 year back for 18K from US, so benchmarking this phone at a price tag of 14K I feel it is not a great value for money. Resolution is not very good, onboard memory is just 4GB (leaving the user with 1GB of usable space) - The first thing you will need to do is buy a memory card because this phone doesn't have much on device memory left for the user Pros: - Xolo Secure is okay - Dual Sim is very convenient to use - For first time Android users looking at bigger screens and bigger fonts, this is a perfect choice at this price
I ordered a Xolo mobile & got a 1 TB Hard disk in the delivery box. I called them up and learned that Amazon does not have a replacement policy for wrong deliveries. If you get a wrong item in box, you have to return , get a refund & reorder which is pathetic. I was not so disturbed with getting a wrong item as it could be due to human error but at least they should have replaced it with the correct product I ordered. They took 2 days to pickup the wrong item & 10 days to issue me refund. My current phone was malfunctioning & I needed new phone urgently but because of their useless policy I had to wait for 15 days to get it from a different portal as my money was stuck with them & I was also scared they might accuse me of changing the product because the cost of hard disk was 1/3 of that of phone. I request Amazon to bring changes to their policies , treat wrongly delivered item RETURNS on priority & not treat it as a normal return of a correctly delivered product.
Wifi is stays no longer, it is keeps on disconnected.
Battery hit at the time of charge and net useage
awsum phablet..superlyk..
good, some time it hangs
Nice product. I like it
Its real a good phone its amazing thank you Amazon best in budget you can't forgot this phone in your life
After a huge search and thinking, I decided to buy this fone. Placed an order and the delivery by amazon was also nice. But the problem was that as per the specification provided here on amazon and other website and on xolo too the internal memory is 4GB but the one i received had only 2GB. I still wonder how this can happen. But with regret need to place a return request on the same day of delivery.:(
