B00JJGONVI
This review is a long one, I know. But I have included almost all details which will help You to decide about purchasing this phone(or any other phone). So please read review completely as it will answer to most of your questions.(before and after purchase) My first review was after 1 month usage. I have edited wherever necessary after 4 1/2 months usage. kit kat update for this phone is available as on 19/09/2014. Specs in Short 1. Mediatek MT6582M –Quad core 1.3GHz with Mali GPU 2. 1GB Ram, 8GB memory+32 Mem Card support 3. 8 Mp primary cam +0.3 Mp secondary cam 4. user REPLACABLE 3000 mAh Li-Polymer battery 5. 4.7in IPS lcd screen 6. Android OS, v4.2 (Jelly Bean) upgrade to KitKat 7. Dual Sim Dual standby, 3G+2G, Wifi+Hotspot, GPS, Bluetooth, Radio 8. Accelerometer and proximity sensors What you get Handset, charger with microusb cable, headphone and magic cover(optional). Screen cover(not screen guard, but you can use it for a few weeks) First Cons/Drawbacks.(newer versions might come with KitKat upgrade included, yet I had these) 1.No kitkat update (edited: Yes, KIT KAT update via firmware upgrade(511mb) on 19/09/2014), 2. low quality headset, 3. no APP to SD (edited: Yes, KIT KAT update via firmware upgrade(511mb) on 19/09/2014) , 4. No USB OTG, No Compass, 0.3 mp front camera, no gorilla glass protection Pls read detailed review completely 1. PROCESSOR: NO LAG FOR PHONE: 4 cores at 1.3 GHz max. Each core can work in 5 different states (598,747,1040,1196 and 1300 MHz) independently. So power management is perfect. When phone is in idle mode, only one core is working@598MHz (as seen by app Resource monitor) and at max 4 cores @1300 (seen it rarely) 2. RAM: SUFFICIENT: 1 GB ram is sufficient for all applications. In my one month usage i have seen that at least 50 mb ram is left even if we load many applications. If we boost phone with boosting software (preloaded), we get free ram of about 600MB.So OS just takes about 450mb ram 3. CAMERA: -0.3 MP front camera is a slight DRAWBACK. But if we take photo in enough lighting, its ok. -8 MP CMOS rear camera is sufficient. Default camera setting is 6MP(to see n take image in full screen) we can change it to 8MP via settings, but the images can't be seen in full screen when we shoot. -Special camera modes are HDR (we get high clarity pics), Face Beauty, Panorama, Multi angle view (something like 3D imaging), Smile detection, Best shot... LIVE PHOTO MODE-YOU GET THIS AFTER KIT KAT UPDATE-it takes a photo along with a few secs of video. -Touching and holding camera button will give a continuous shot of 40 photos in 6-8 secs -LED Flash is good. It gives good pictures in absolute dark (room environment). Also a preloaded App makes it a torch[AFTER KIT KAT UPDATE-app no longer needed, it can be opened from notification panel-toggle -function menu]. -Video recording: good. Videos can be seen in laptop with good clarity. Also there is continuous Auto focus(some mentioned that video runs out of focus if phone is moved). But there is a delay for one or two secs. But still video is OK. 4. BATTERY. Using live wallpaper, Wifi, Bluetooth, GPS unnecessarily will drain battery: It is a user REPLACABLE 3000 mAh Li-Polymer battery. Lasts a day for medium use. For Heavy use: - it reached 15% when used as a navigation device ie, GPS on, display On, Mobile data (2G) ON for 8 hours. For normal Use it last 1.5 days and more (just calls and messaging and some browsing). -Charging 1-100%:- approx. 200mins via USB 2.0. It takes half of that via AC charger *Use USB charging:- battery temp is just below 30 degs, but via AC it reaches upto 35 degs (seen by using a battery monitor software) -Playing asphalt 7: playing for 30 mins with full brightness and full volume costs 10% battery (asphalt 8 working and takes almost same battery, but slight heating of mobile occurs) -Video playback: Full volume, Full brightness, full HD: for 30 mins we loss 10% battery -Face book via 2G: 30 mins costs 5% battery *After full charging if we use it for 10 mins or less, battery drops to 97%. But after that its ok. *advantage of user REPLACABLE battery: your phone gets struck/not responding and power button does nothing!, pull out battery and restart phone. 5. DISPLAY: feels like HD: 180 degree viewing angle 4.7 inches qHD IPS. Good display, Good clarity and brightness. Use glossy screen guard instead of Matte finish type to get perfect display. We can see HD movies etc with perfect clarity. -Touch response is very good. A small gap from display is sensed (we dont need to touch display, if you can really control your hand, Try it). 5 point multi touch is good. *I called Lenovo and they told me that display is made of glass, but NOT GORILLA GLASS. -I have a few issues with touch sensitivity when i keep phone in my pocket. When power button is pressed, it instantly locks phone and display is off. But display becomes ON (due to some notifications) and phone unlocks automatically and calls are dialled. When a notification comes, display becomes active- since our skin is near the display(has a capacitive effect even if our shirt/fabric is in between just like touching with fingers, but here a lot of frequent touches) and these weird actions occur. I found that it occurs with all capacitive displays. So to avoid it, use a phone cover which covers display also or keep some paper/notes in between . Edit: there are apps in playstore to sense whether phone is in pocket or not, use it(gravity sensor apps…) -The 3 capacitive buttons (like back, menu ) are backlit. So its easier to use in dark environment. Also they are not onscreen. So we get full display for viewing -A total of 18 home screens can accommodate all app shortcuts/widgets. So a 20x18 = 360 apps(normal icons)+ 4 in app dock at bottom, can be easily accommodated. Also if needed drag one app over other to create an additional folder. 6. SOUND and MIC: good Speaker is good, not stereo (only one). Some people complained about very low volume. But i didn't feel that. Speaker is loud and clear. If volume is set to high (level 15) there is a slight distortion rarely for some frequencies. Mic: there are two microphones. one at bottom of phone (primary)and one at rear(noise cancellation). Phone gives clear calls due to the additional noise cancellation mic in rear of phone. About included headset: LOW QUALITY HEAD SET. But its OK in a quiet environment. No ear cushions. Also they are not noise cancellation type and also not "in ear". 7. STORAGE 8 GB internal memory. Only approx. 5.7 GB available to user. Upto 32 GB microSD card support. I use class 10,16GB MicroSD.(edit: now upgraded to strontium 32GB class 10-UHS 1 ). NO "APP to SD". So we have to be careful about number of apps we install. Also NO "USB OTG". So no attaching of a pen drive. Edit: AFTER KIT-KAT UPDATE "APP TO SD" IS ENABLED. How To enable "APP TO SD":- Go to SETTINGS-STORAGE: set "default Write Disk" to SD card. It will tell you to restart phone. After restarting, apps can be moved by going to SETTINGS-APPS:open each app and move. We cannot move all apps+some app data to sd card(some system apps). 8. DESIGN Slim Metallic design. Premium look with titanium color. Brushed aluminium back panel. Good for one hand operation. No fingerprints n smudges. There are 5 connections (like gold plated) coming to the back panel. It might be for antenna or heat transfer (don't know). Battery is just under that. So if we hold phone in hand, temperature of body is easily absorbed by back panel and reaches battery. So using protective case is good (free magic case). Don't keep phone over a hot surface or inside a hot car. It will reduce battery life(not battery runtime, simply your battery will be useless fast and you have to buy a new one). 9. FREE MAGIC COVER/SNAP STAND Acts as a stand(vertical/horizontal) and also protects phone as a bumper case. Thanks to Lenovo for that. All my friends liked it. 10. SENSORS Proximity sensor: good response for the sensor. But when we move phone from ear, the display is not suddenly active. It has a weird delay(this issue is less after firmware upgrades). Accelerometer sensitivity is good. Proximity sensor becomes OFF if we attach headphone. Notification light: red for charging, Blinking blue for missed calls, blinking red for mail, blinking green for SMS. GoTo SETTINGS-DISPLAY-LED Notification Light sensor: At front near proximity sensor. Good. It controls display brightness if AUTO brightness is set. So display changes brightness, but occurs also during playback/ gaming(sometimes not so attractive/flexible). NO COMPASS. But while navigating display automatically adjusts to route 11. PRELOADED APPS: Lenovo SECUREit: An all-in-one app for anti-virus, privacy, speed up, data usage control , anti-theft, private space (for calls n sms) , call blocker and parental controls. What I really liked is the firewall in data usage section. We can set which apps are permitted to access internet. So I can save a lot of data Also speed up via clean up widget (update secureit to latest version) is perfect. More ram is freed compared to any other Clean up utility. Edit: Lenovo SECUREit is now SECURITY. And it’s a trial version. I had a subscription. But I lost it when I did a reset of my phone. So I contacted Lenovo team and they replied that it’s a trial version, and we can’t uninstall(requires ROOTING which voids warranty), but disable it in app options. when trial version ends we can use it but we can’t update antivirus. all other functions works perfectly. Mobile assistant (in phone and PC): Just like a PC suite. All functions (uninstall, back up...). Also we can view what is on mobile display, but with a 3 second delay (usb2.0). Note: when we connect s660 to a PC, "USB computer connection" pops up. there is an option for CD-ROM which gives some cool apps for PC. Copy it and keep it safe. After K-K update this no-longer avaliable EDIT: After Kitkat update, installing mobile assistant in PC+ enabling USB debugging will install mobile assistant app in phone. So backup your cd rom contents. Video player: It is ok, but does not play all files like mkv.. So i used Kmplayer for HD playback.(or MX player) Edit: video player app icon not avaliable after K-K update, but when we try to open a video, there is option to select video player Navigation: Route66 maps: very good. Download map pack for India (1.23 GB) and set install location to SD card, which saves phone memory. AGPS: can set profile GOOGLE or NOKIA. Also EPO (extended prediction orbit of Mediatek. An offline server based AGPS, download it) is useful. (you lose this after K-K update) Tethering: WiFi + hot spot. All modes of tethering supported(bluetooth, USB). Has option USB internet: we can use internet from our PC to our mobile (Reverse tethering) The softwares used for monitoring are Resource monitor: it shows a floating bar which shows current Ram, core speeds n numbers etc. And Battery+ for battery. MY EXPERIENCES I selected this phone with help of some websites. "Smartprix" for selecting best phone in this range. "Buyhatke" to select best price from different sellers. Thanks to Amazon for hosting this market place, and delivery to my place (no other E commerce website delivers here). Also phone was delivered by FedEx in 4 days (Mumbai to Calicut in two days, +2day, a slight delay by FedEx as my place is a little remote) Seller(TechKitchenDeals) was nice. They replied to all my queries promptly before and after purchase. ALSO WARRANTY IS VALID. I contacted seller after purchase and they guaranteed about warranty. Also I checked Lenovo site. My phone warranty is valid for 1 year from date of purchase (14 June 2014). You must get a VAT bill with Seller Tin number and one (primary) IMIE of phone At the time of my purchase this phone was best budget phone (INR 11150)from a good company. Indian manufacturers also provide phones at this or higher specs. But I feel LENOVO is better than them. Lenovo has a reputed Brand Name, history in computer manufacturing. Now Asus Zenphone has come. But S660 still has a user replaceable battery, Quad Core, metallic body, more battery and also FM radio. So still a value for money. Edit: Slight Heating occurs while playing graphic intensive games. But when games is closed, temperature goes back to normal. On 19 sep 2014, KitKat 4.4.2 update was released. Check for software updates in phone (Settings -About phone-system updates). Now the entire look and feel of interface is changed. Thanks to Lenovo Team. the settings menu, icons.. are now better. Also now a lot of options are available in developer options menu. + performance increased. edit: 19 oct: after kit kat update, 1. WARNING: we can't install additional files to memory card. So asphalt 7 (or 8)additional files must be downloaded and installed in phone memory(consuming> 740 mb). and route66 maps for india also(1.23gb). But setting Default write disk to SD card will change this, and all data is stored in SD card and also gives you APP to SD. 2. By using developer option, we can use dalvik/ART runtimes, change animation , increase graphic performance... Enable developer option by :- SETTINGS-ABOUT PHONE-VERSION INFOS- And tap BUILD NUMBER 7 times (or more). Then come back to settings. Developer options is just above “About Phone” Changing to ART(instead of dalvik,Default) will increase performance(some say so), phone will restart saying andriod is upgrading. But Some apps might fail to run in the new runtime. 3. In settings-storage. There is an option to set default write disk to phone memory or sd card. In previous versions, this can be easily changed to one another. but after KK update, if we change phone memory(default) to SD card, phone must be restarted. AND also ""APP to SD"" becomes active. but when we change deffault write disk to phone storage again, all programs must be changed to Phone memory, else it won’t work. 4. GPS option is removed, instead location option came with 3 modes- Device only (GPS), battery saving (WLAN, MOBILE NETWORKS) and High Accuracy (GPS+WLAN+mobile network) 5. In user interface, long pressing any app icon(or empty screen) will give you options to :- 1. Uninstall(click 'x' mark over icon), 2.add/remove widgets, 3. batch move app icons(clicking app icon once will send it to taskbar, click from taskbar will send it to window) __________________________________________________________________________ If you want to take a screenshot, just press "VOLUME LOW+POWER BUTTON" together, screenshot is saved. Touch and go vertical down anywhere on screen-notification panel drops down, go vertical up-desktop settings... pops up use 2 fingers and pull down notification bar-you get function toggle bar use two fingers and touch vertically down on screen- apps will get organised at bottom and vice versa The back panel is metal. if a sand particle gets struck between magic case and back plate , you get a shiny scratch. So when you apply a new screen guard, take the screen guard (plastic cover) that is already on phone display and stick it to back plate/panel. but make sure to open camera, flash, speaker and rear mic regions. one of customer (rahul) contacted me. he returned the product due to loss of wifi signal (after getting heated-video call 1 hr.) I didn't have any such issue. After chatting with him, I found that my S660 doesn’t have option for dual 3G, but his S660 had. I don't know. LATEST FIRMWARE: S660_ROW_S062_141126 You cannot get this firmware in first upgrade. So do firmware upgrades+KitKat upgrade till you get this. 141126 is date -2014/nov/26 Sorry if this review was a long one. There might be some features I have omitted/forgotten/not yet found. Note: I am just a customer of Lenovo s660 via Amazon. I am in no way associated with these companies other than this relation. I am always ready to help in any way I can. Your comments are always welcome Pls Give a thumbs up (Yes button below) if you like my review. I would really like to know who all liked/purchased this phone/review . @FB: Rakesh Thettath mail to: rakesh.thettath@gmail.com
Very Unhappy with the product performance as my biggest concerns was battery backup.This is my 2nd time I am purchasing Lenovo s660.When I read the review for this mobile I through the battery backup will be god but after purchasing the 1st one I was quite disappointed with the battery backup. Then I returned the product by thinking that its may be the issue with the product and I ordered the new one.Again I am facing same issue.From 100% to 90% its coming within 15 min without using any internet and the brightness is in auto mode.After that I started 2g internet doing whats app and some messages and in every 5 mins its decreasing 2-3%. Before purchasing this mobile my biggest concerns was the battery back but I am totally disappointed.Can sometime give me a REAL REVIEW about the battery backup for this product. Please suggest something.
Applause for Amazon and Fed EX service. I have ordered on the late night of 1st June and receive it on 4th June. Regarding the phone, I was frustrated with the performance of Samsung and similar looking models hence I decided to opt for a different make and Lenovo provided me just that. Pros. and Cons. listed below based on my 7days observation. Pros. : 1. Primary Camera(8MP) provides really good picture quality. 2. Performance is really smooth without any lack. Smooth touch and quick response. 3. Battery back up is up to the mark. Considering 3hrs of talktime and net surfing on 2G battery easily stretches for 48 hrs. 4. Experience of no heating of charging mobile. 5. 4.7 inches screen size in this cost is really good. 6. Free magic cover is really catchy and sustainable. Cons. 1. No centralized menu option present need to store all the Apps shortcut . You have to store all of them in desktop with folder structure. 2. Similar phone Moto G is updated with Android 4.4 Kitkat but no updates is available for this phone yet. 3. Dialing a number takes a lot of steps even when its on contact list. In spite of Cons. I will suggest to buy this phone.
This is a good buy in this price range.I got the phone after fourth day of the order.Absolutely Wonderful delivery from Amazon.Updated the Phone to Android 4.4 kitkat.Great speed ,Good design and also good sound clarity. Dont go for Samsung or Nokia. You should opt for these types of companies.Since Lenovo is no:1 in Laptops and accessories, I am sure they will also become no:1 in smartphones .
I bought a lenovo S660 from amazon on 9 Aug and go it delivered on 13th. Good service from Amazon guys. Started using and was extremely happy with most of its features. The battery lasted for 2 days (Day 1- 8 am to Day 2- 10 pm) with full usage (since i was syncing all data and accounts) and testing all features. Also, there was a phone update available (~100mb) so i installed the update. However, once I synced all accounts and data, it started a weird behavior. It re-started abruptly while operating. This happened a couple of times first. The next day, it was worse. It could happen any time, while taking calls, dialing numbers, checking mail, operating any app, or even just unlocking the phone. Immediately reported to both Amazon customer care and lenovo customer care. It seemed that there might a software issue since I installed an update (which might not have installed properly). So, the next day, I went to lenovo service center (Indiranagar, bangalore). The guy updated the software. Tried it for the weekend, but to no use. The same problem cropped up again. Finally, I returned the phone to Amazon, with full refund. Key takeaways. 1. Don't update the software- Although that was not the problem with me. But, the lenovo guys are themselves not confident about it. There were at least 2 more customers (when I went) who had a software issue. 2. Be prompt when you see a problem, you can get your money back. Kudos to Amazon for being supportive and making the process hassle free (though it takes some time to get it back :)
Phone is very smooth and fast in loading applications. Display resolution is very Good. Music on headphones is good. But that on speakers has scope for improvement. Rear camera is good,but front cam is VGA only. Battery performance is average only though 3000mah. When data is connected on one sim,incoming calls to the other sim becomes Not reachable most times. However the overall performance of the phone is good and it is value for money
The phone is solid and provides a quality feel. It will certainly not loose its finish with time as is true with other branded phones. I had presented it to my spouse and she is loving it. As rightly pointed out by other members the user interface of the phone is real bad but that can be easily improved by loading the free android launcher application suiting your taste. The camera is not that bad as pointed out by some members unless you have huge expectations. The audio quality is decent and call quality is also good. Stock android games like temple run without any stutter. Kitkat was supposed to get officially updated but it is surprising that no update is still available. I would give it a buy recommendation who is looking to retain the phone for at least a couple of years and yet have something looking new. If you are looking for something flashy don't go for it. The phone is decent and looks elegant to carry.
for all those who dont know about lenovo its simple. They used to make parts for IBM thinkpads and in 2005 Lenovo bought IBM and now they are the world s biggest computer provider for offices mainly. now they are also getting on the high street market and making laptops,tablets and mobile phones.Lenovo is a great budget phone. Please buy original Lenovo models only. Some of models like A766 is not official model from the original Lenovo manufacturer but it available at the market. The easiest way to know certain models are ofdicial models feom Lenovo is, you can search a model in Lenovo website or gsmarena website.The battery is pretty good @ 3000mAh why is the talktime only 10 hours ? Is that spec released by lenovo or calculated by GSMArena
I am very satisfied with lenovo S660 mobile. It's Working very Nice!!!!!!. I suggest this mobile. It's really Nice One
Poor delivery service of courier had to track it, but using the phone it was worth it. The only negative I'll give to it is a front VGA camera & no menu button, I was in a dillema to go for Xperia C or Moto-G. Few Colleagues at workplace were already into MOTO-G admiration. My Roomie uses Xperia-C. & i was darted on to it. Incredible battery life 93 % consumed in 72 hrs. Loving the lenovo premium apps, Screen clarity is neck to neck with Xperia -C. Touch is just gliding. Some people have already started envying it, whereas others are going to buy it. Great Value for money. Even keboard typing this is more effort taking than typing on my lenovo I would recommend it to all
Review after 7days usage (w/o kitkat update). I brought it for Rs.8,100 (with 10% cash back). What is good: - The performance is good, I did not notice any lagging even while playing "Asphalt 7" race game. - In phone stand by mode (screen off) battery can last at-least two weeks. I enabled only 2G n/w. - SIM card slots are of regular size. Average: - Less customization of screen, settings, individual volume controls, not possible to change LED notifications colors. - Interface is average+, setting options are not too high just average which are fine for may users. - Signal reception is not great (may be it is because of low SAR value) - Not so thin but no thick also. - I heard no stable kitkat update, they are about to release one more patch for Kitkat. So I did not plan to upgrade it now. Bad: - When screen is awake(ON) then battery drains fast (no WIFI/DATA connection enabled), if "auto brightness" option is not enabled I belive within 10hrs battery will be empty for sure. - Front camera is VGA/0.3MP (I compromised here while buying) - Tough to open the back panel, and to insert/remove the SD card or SIM cards battery needs to be removed though those slots are beside the battery. - There is no magnetic sensor(same is present in my 3.5 yrs old-galaxy pro phone) that means we can not use compass applications to know the poles and even GPS navigation also may not be more accurate. - Came to know that customer service is bad. As I got this mobile for 8k approx I am ok to use it further. However if you have to spend more than 10k better to cross check. Note: There is no need of buying this phone because of more battery capacity.
super product and very nice, lenovo is best brand of android mobiles and tablet size is very normal thanks amzon
Hi, I am using this phone last 2 months. I purchase it online from a other shopping site. It is a very smart phone in 10 to 12K price range. Better function, 5GB storage, 1 GB Ram latest android version. 8 MP camera with HDR photo-shoot and HD recording. I am also playing games in it without any disturbance. Really it's giving me a excellent experience after using. I love it's UI and UX. Battery backup is also very good. with 2G network it's battery working whole day.
Quad core processor, 1 GB RAM, 8 GB built in memory. Screen size good for one hand operation. No lag or hanging. Good build quality. All this in Rs. 12,000/- or even lesser now. Good value for money
This phone is a bit of step down from the Samsung model I used earlier. Here are some of the pros and cons: Pros: 1) Superb battery life. Hadn't charged it for two days and used minimally yet I still had 76% battery life. 2) Strong sturdy build 3) Loud speaker 4)Comes with screen guard and back case Cons: 1) Back cover is difficult to open. You need to use your fingernails to prise it open. Alternatively use a pen or screwdriver first. 2) Uses a mini sim (something not mentioned in the description) 3) User interface does not support removal of app icons from desktop. You'll need to create a separate window on your desktop which you will rarely use and push all unwanted icons there. Makes the desktop cluttered. 4) Speaker quality could be better. Music plays with a small amount of distortion but disappears when listening via earphones 5) There are no proper user manuals for operating it. They do not come with the phone nor are they available on the Lenovo support website. I had to call up customer support several times for help. 6) Poor camera quality front and back.
Well, this is my first smartphone, so I really have no standard of reference to compare it to. Nevertheless, I think there are some basic pros and cons that I have figured about this phone over the last 2 months, and here they are: Positives: 1. The battery is good... 3000mAh is great to have. A single full charge can last two days (but of course, that depends on how you use it and for what) 2. SAR levels are very low compared to some other brands, if you are concerned about roasting your brain (which I am). 3. Looks absolutely stylish! Negatives: 1. The loudspeaker is rubbish! Even at about 60%, you have to be selective about the ringtones you use. Something with a little bass in it, and the speaker starts sputtering and crackling... very irritating and not becoming of a phone of this quality! 2. The automatic brightness control is haywire and is basically of little use. You will have to either leave it at a high level and let it be, or keep changing it manually depending on the ambient light level... which can be a bit dicey if you suddenly go into sunlight and have to make your screen brighter... and you realize you can't see what's on your screen to make the change. 3. I thought the dialer was very drab and boring, but that can be remedied with Truecaller, Truedialer or any other similar app, so it isn't that big an issue. Overall, I love this phone, and I think for the price(8.3K) and the quality offered (not to mention the Lenovo brand name), it is a great buy.
Bought this product after a lot of research and zeroed down to this. Criteria for selection 1. Good Screen Resolution ( I already own a couple of Nexus phones, so kind of used to it) 2. At least 1 GB of RAM ( needed to make it process stuff smoothly) 3. Battery (bigger the better) The lenovo S660 comes right of the block with great build and specs fulfilling all my above criterion. Here is the experience of Unboxing and Usage after 2 weeks. The phone is well packaged and comes with a free case which has a brilliant flexi back which when flipped makes the phone rest in portrait and landscape mode for easy use. All accessories like charger, headphones come with it The display although mentioned as IPS doesnt feel so, but has a robust build quality and the titanium metal cover at the back feels good in your hands. The rear camera is decent and do not expect any miracles. The megapixel race doesnt translate into clear pictures. Processing is super fast and absolutely no lag in the user experience. The UI is good but however resorted to the Google Launcher. App drawer is missing. A security app always runs in the background and am surprised with its optimized usage of RAM. Brilliantly done Lenovo on that. Wifi connectivity is good, however the mobile signals are a tad to weak, but doesnt result in any call drops or quality. And the biggest surprise of all is the monster of a battery. With 3G data on and almost 6hrs of talk time in two days and surfing for an hour and playing videos for an hour, the batter still shows me 20% left. I simply love this phone for this. Looks all the other sins have been redeemed. As a smartphone user for years, this performance has beaten all expectation at this price bracket.
PROS ------------ 1. The Side Stand.......it actually use to..stand you phone horizontally...for movies...and others.....it also used as a cover for our awesome phone... 2. Back panel.....it is so strong...and looks premium...its actually plastic...but it is so hard..and premium..that it looks...metal body.. 3. Screen size...4.7" ...mind blowing..size....perfect size for everyone...i have used previously 5" phones...but sometimes, it is difficult for me to use my phone with one hand..!! 4. Screen Clarity... if you think...that low qHD is bad,check the device then say anything...qHD is actually sufficient for average users. 6. RAM.. 810 MB free after 2 hours heavy usage. Lenovo skin is very light. 7. Speakers ....are amazing!! BOSE like quality . 8. Camera ..8MP (Back Camera)...is good., saturation and colors are good. 1080 P videos is an added advantage. 9. Battery.. lasts around 2 days on casual ussage and 1 day on heavy usage. 10. No Heating Problem....the phone is amazing form outside as well as inside..too.!! The highest temperature that i encountered was 38 degrees(while charging)....otherwise...its a cool phone..!! Cons -------- 1. Earphone quality is quite good but the bundeled earphones are horrible !! 2. Front Camera (VGA).. Horrible Quality! The Custom UI is actually ..good..but you can use...various other Launchers...from Play Store.....!! Good phone but, you may consider Lenovo A6000 as its cheaper and even has 4g!!!
Screen Size - 8/10 (4.7 inch screen is great to handle and big enough for movies and entertainment,although 5 inch is even better) Viewing angle - 7.5 / 10 Resolution - 7.5 / 10 Battery - 20 / 10 (Better than what I expected,makes me remember my NOKIA days :-)(Easily lasts 2-3 days on full charge and above mid usage, On normal usage , can easily last to 3-4 days) Call Quality - 7.5 / 10 Performance - 9 / 10(No lag at even heavy games like Asphalt Airborne and Fifa 2014) Magic Cover - 8.5 /10 (Good quality and great to watch media content, and the best thing its FREEEE) Build Quality - 8.5 / 10 (Metal back cover is very strong and looks premium) Avoid heating - 8.5 / 10 (Does not heats too much at mid usage,maybe the metal back cover helps to dissipate heat) Charging - 15 / 10 (Charges upto 80% in about 45 min,thats actually a feature of lenovo charger , havent tried with other chargers or USB charging time ) If I keep it at a charge of 50% in the night at around 10 P.M then in the morning at 9 A.M the phone only discharges to 49% or 48 % (in 2G network and no usage apart from a alarm)
Phone with brilliant features at affordable price. Have used it around a month. Heres my review 1. Battery very nice. Last more than 2 days on quite heavy usage.. Continuously on wifi and lots of browsing. Dont play much games 2. Camera pic quality good in daylight.. Not great or ok in night (less exposure to light). Secondary cam not good. But doesn't matter to me. 3. Lenovo ui very cluttered. But dont worry, install good launchers from google play like go, apus launcher. Then ur phone gets complete new look. So this small problem can easily be done away with 3. Good inbuilt storage of 6gb (available to user). Expabdable storage ofcourse is there 4. Practically No cons. Fast processor, quad core, perfect size for one hand operation, good looks, noise cancellation feature present. 5. Upgradable to kitkat Conclusion - no doubt great buy. U will b happy to own it. Also brought this phone for my elder brother. Very impressed with rhe phone.
Just to hold it, this phone feels right. I have mixed feeling about this. Good stuffs: Got better deal in Amazon and they have next day delivery option so... Amazingly doesn't feel cheap at this price range and you even get a free magic case (as they have named it) - Out of 8GB you get 5GB internal memory plus you can extend it no problem. - No lags what so ever - Good reception on dual sim - Screen is bright enough - Battery last for a day on medium to heavy usages. - Lenovo custom user interface, which doesn't have the usual android's app drawer, which in my opinion is far better and enough for efficient use. - Lenovo has included three very useful apps; share it, sync it, and security. - Security app; bundled with antivirus, data management, system booster, system privacy settings (which allows to you to block unnecessary access to your system info by apps, pretty handy I say) and sim data calibration. other two apps didn't find any use. - And as promised recently been updated to Kitkat. Now the things that is annoying: - Why do they have to be half witted in making the user interface? Fine they have tweaked here and there; which makes it look good but at the same time they have left some portion pretty much stock, half hearted effort, which by the time you will update to Kitkat will find they have made no effort, perhaps they less bothered of mid end devices. - This phone is "haunted", believe me it wakes up with no reason, you keep it in your pocket and next you find it woke up and somehow managed to open whole bunch to apps. Although with Kitkat update it has been contained. - Toggling between 2G to 3G is pain, each time have to dig in deep for settings. - Camera, don't leave the settings to auto, it makes photo soft and fuzzy. Try manually. Enough said, all in all superb phone at just 10k.
I bought this product twice, both of them were faulty, the common problem was, the faulty bottom bottons that fail to register the touches and had to touch many times to get the touch registered. There were other problems such as the notification led used to stay still instead of blinking in one of them. Lenovo suddenly removed the Kitkat update. So had to use the old Jellybean. The build quality isn't good and looks very fragile, also doesn't look durable at all. Very cheap product from Lenovo. I returned the product once to amazon and once to flipkart. Thanks to both amazon and flipkart for sending money back to my bank account (it was cash on delivery). Amazon returned money with no questions asked. I had to answer many questions over phone from Flipkart before they finally accepted my return request. In the end, I bought LG L90 by adding a few thousand rupees and it was worth it.
I have been using this since a week ago. I'm totally happy with the phone's performance and let me say the pros of the phone, PROS: 1. Display is really good ( Not a HD display but never the less ) 2. Battery is awesome ( For a normal usage, the battery can last for 2 days or even more ) 3. Performance ( No lags at all ) 4. Graphics ( Handles pretty well no lags or any problems with screening games) 5. Memory ( 8GB inbuilt is enough for installing apps on internal ROM ) 6. Camera ( Back camera is good ) 7. Dual sim ( Both operates in 3G mode ) 8. Default case is awesome 9. Speaker ( Sound clarity is good ) CONS: 1. Front camera is poor 2. When I installed a Compass Application it doesn't work and says the phone doesn't have a magnetic sensor ( Should not be a prob to everyone ) I'm happy with it. No cons except the front camera according to me and if you are planning to buy a phone in 10K range you guys can go for this !!
Its a very good phone. Still hasn't faced any problem at all. The pros are - 1. Large display. 4.7 inch. 2. Very good Battery back up. Once I watched 2 full length films and played games for half an hour. Still 51% battery was left. 3. Good sound quality. 4. 1 gb ram which is a gift in this budget. The phone did not hang for once till I bought. 5. No heating problem. Now its time for cons- Well the only cons I found that wont be a problem for many of you guys. The keyboard this phone has is qwerty. There is no option for alphanumeric keyboard. Though you can download go keyboard or smart keyboard pro from play store and use them in alphanumeric format. Anyway undoubtedly its a great phone. You can go for it without any thinking.
Amazons outstanding delivery is highly appreciated. I never expected such a quality online shopping service in India! I got a magic cover as well although this was not highlighted in the scope of delivery. Thanks to the seller ! The phone is very much acceptable in its price, build quality, call quality, display, touch response, battery, performance etc. However, it needs improvement in following: 1. Rear loud speaker quality is bit low. Sound is tinny and some frequencies produce a cracking noise. 2. Proximity sensor is lazy sometimes during the call. Its response is delayed at times. Turning on the speaker phone or disconnecting a call may need the power button to get the screen on when you take out the phone from your ear.
The mobile was exactly how I saw it in pictures before buying. I have been using it for past 2 weeks and I am highly satisfied with its performance. Only drawback I felt was the front camera which is very poor performing but rest of the features are just awesome.
I bought this phone for my wife befor 8 months. Till now she is fully satisfied with this phone. I m using samsung s4. So I could compare this phone with S4. When I use s4 continually its becom like iron box.but S660 doesnt have such prob. Speed and performance are equal to S4. the main advantage I noticed that..its battery life 3000mah.Its really amazing. I never seen another phone that give battery life more than S660. 1GB Ram is enough to perform apps and files. its design and structure are awesome. Camera is not much better.but its good. totally I strongly recommend this phone to all of u and one thing I have to say that Amazone delivery. I got this phone very next day of my order.
Decent Battery life. Sometimes battery shows full charged but on making a call it goes to 10% this happnd when I didn't fully charge battery. Lenovo should provide upgrade to Kitkat 4.4.X Overall happy with performance.
Nice phone...Stnning Features...And we all knows that lenovo was a starndard Company.... So go for Don't worry,Purchase this mobile...All required Features are mentioned in that mobile...And finally This smart phone is in my budget.. I liked It...
Using this for last 3 months. My reason of buying this phone was its battery. But Screen is very poor considering the other phones in the same price range. Asus 5 or moto g 2gen now in this budget give you 1280*720 display with gorilla protection, are clearly better. You can just look at this and those phones and tell the huge difference, since this phone will get all the scratches in few months and will look 100 years old in front of those phones brought at same time. This phone is going to be a phone of history in this price range, in matter of days now. (it already is a history) since we have so many other upcoming launches as well. My clear advice- search for better options with better screen resolution before you go to this one.
I thought 3000 mAh battery will work fine but it hardly lasts for 12 hours. Everything else is good about phone & it is as per my expectations. And Amazon, thanks again for delivering product within 36 hours of the order.
Awesome phone with great battery life.. looks better than most of the phones in 20-30K range Comes with a free magic cover which acts as a stand while watching videos etc.. Thumbs up to lenovo and Amazon
gud phone for this price range. Wud give one more star if the user interface is improved. Seems a bit outdated. Default file manager is confusing. I also use a Lenovo P770 and P780. P780 is the best so far.
This phone is one of the best in 10K catagory, using it from past 1 week , amazing performance, no lags what so ever. Battery is one of the best feature never drains that easy. go grab it ....
i bought this phone from amazon at 11240 rupee for my fiancee and she got after 4 working days so i was bit dissatisfied about the delivery speed. but she like the phone very much be it its music, camera, quality of screen and long battery life. it looks premium and it is nice to hold it. she specifically liked Lenovo premium apps as well as the magic cover. so all in all it is best smartphone in this price range and i will recommend it.
I am using it since 27 May. The product quality is superb. and battery backup is owsome. i use it whole day with application & calling but still it manages to stay awake for 1 day. A must buy in this series.
After all research i bought this phone. It satisfies more than i expected. Very handy,stylish,sleek smartphone.earlier i used micromax a76 however it wasn't a bad phone when comparing with lenovo s660 has better camera clarity and good specification. Only drawback about this phone with their ear phone better buy a new one from local market
1 bought this product from amazon.... delivery was given time thanks to amazon..:) pros: 1. battery backup is superb it lsats for 14-16 hours on 3g & on playing high defination games 2. built quality is awesome & magic cover is just superb everybody asks does it come for our phones :P 3. no lags while using apps like hell:P so fast & butter smooth 4. call quality is like old nokia phones & proximity sensor works perfectly 5. camra is awesome in daylight & decent in night . 6. speaker is also loud & clear... ......... cons : 1. front camra is hopeless but it can be for you guyzz because i don't take selfies & don't even do video calls I have given 4 stars to this product because boys can never be satisfied from phones & cars... :P :P in 1 line go for it people it's awesome to use... :) :P
Very good phone , works well but would like to share a concern ie absolute crap headphones which should not be with a brand like Lenovo. Batt lasts good , screen is visible in broad sunlight .
Didn't hanged yet....gud performance.... gud disp clarity....very gud battery backup.... juz one drwbck....front facing cam is not dat mch gud....lil bit low quality...except its gud one...
Really nice fechers. Easy handling. Advance technology. Very good battery bacup. Over all very good performance according to its Price. Nice purchaging with Amazon. Fair deal. Thanks
Well,after my Galaxy Grand 1 got pick pocketed last Sunday ,had to buy a good phone with studded features,close enough to Grand-at much cheaper price. Uncanny idea ,but browsed Flipkart for 2 days and zeroed down to Moto G and even E and Redmi and Lenovo s660. G wasnt there on Flipkart. For E i got good reviews ,but couldnt compromise on Front Camera and rear camera's Flash feature. Redmi sale closed as expected,in freaking 3 secs. So settled down for what was readily a real solution. Camera is good for 8mp. Front one is aweful ,yes. But 0.3mp end of the day! Speaker OK. Not awesome. Phone is fast so far but not yet tested with heavy apps or files exchange. Voice clarity is good. Best part and my reason of buying was the 3000mAH battery. And yes..it lives up to it. One bad thing I hate- doesn't have numbers in separate tabs on virtual keypad unlike grand. Feel sick to switch on to Num pad. Overall its unfair to compare with a 20k handset. But I am using for 3 days and am sure its a good phone for its price range. And Grand was sickeningly slow for so hyped 1gb ram or whatever processor specs. And one last highpoint- The body and exteriors are wayyyy better than what Samsung offers. For Amazon-Amazing for sticking to timeline and WOW-ing by delivering on 4th Sep for a product booked on 2nd Step. However,a serious advice. Please ask Fed ex delivery guy to carry a phone and call once before delivery. Else ,at least call up if customer isn't at home (which isn't an offense,so as to take it back to hub)! Rest ,am happy with Amazon.
Liked the phone as it has Amazing battery back up, Great phone in this price range , have been using from past 2 months. Faced no issues with this.Best Part is that it was packed along with the trendy magic cover. My friend and family do make sure to trip it while handling my phone . Front camera is VGA didnt like much but rear has good picture quality. Phone stays cool and doesnt warm up while calling or charging as many other lenovo handsets. you can always remove battery to restart the phone when required. Good and durable phone. The sound (Music & FM)is a little putting down factor along with front VGA camera. But it compensates with other qualities provided by this phone,
Lenovo s660 is very good phone. Camera is fantastic . Battery backup is up to the mark .especially stand cover provided by amazon is helpful to watch videos. Overall phone is good
Good Piece, delivered in time within 2 days. The handset is good and affordable, economic smartphone within 10000 price. Thanks amazon. Battery capacity is very good. Only thing is that operation manual like nokia , where every minute details about how to operated, what are the options availble, like how to connect to internet, block sites, and etc not given in the handbook provide. Samsung , nokia , sony every company provided instruction/operation manual book which contains about 100 pages so that new user/beginner can easily operate.
Gifted it to my wife and I'm very unhappy as it stopped working in less than 3 weeks from the date of purchase. The phone is not recognizing the SIM card all of a sudden on both the slots, the same SIM is working fine on other phones. Some of the reviews say the phone needs a firmware update at the Lenovo service center, I'm unfortunately not in town to even get that done. I think a good service backup at least for the new phone is essential in these circumstances. Lenovo let us know if there is anyway to service it remotely.
Pros Metal body HD screen Very good battery life 1.2 day with heavy use Ram is good can take up games life asphalt 8 ,nova 3 with ease.. Best ram management even after most of installing most of the common APS and games it take 400md of use. ✳✳✳ Cons Camera not that great in low light Hard to find service centers in Hyderabad.. Ear phones are not of good quality Overall great product and good value for money fie under 10k.. Not other phone comes close
Purchased it for my personal usage. Pros: Light weight, Cover with fold-able stand (everyone of my friends, colleagues like it ), Battery backup. Cons: DOESN'T have Compass in it, NOT GOOD for MAPS. It can't figure-out which is north direction. DO NOT go for it if you frequently open maps application for within a city travel or Long distance. Usually all low end phones are also having compass now a days, not sure how Lenovo missed this very useful hardware component in the phone/product design. If you are not keen on this feature, it is a very good buy in this range.
After Using phone for 20 days, I would like to say- Phone is good no - hanging/legging touch feel is fair and not attractive battery back up is just 14/15 hours for hard use. For normal use just more than one day. no battery loss while no use(0% loss in sleep mode) that is very nice. However battery is better than any samsung phone but bad than any lumia phone. If you do not want to go with any china company due to security reasons and want to use android then it is better than lg, samsung etc.
After using 2 weeks . . . . .Simply superb. . . . excellent design, Mind blowing battery backup, Call quality is good, Battery back up is nearly 48 hours with normal wifi use, By 3G it is 30 hours. .There is no laging while heavy gaming like asphant 7. . I like it very much and I bought it for 7700. . . . Only one issue that is ear phones is not good as expected. . . . Another thing Magic cover is quite intersting and excellent. . . . Amazon delivery is soooo good and fast. . . . ThankQ Amazon. . . . :-)
I have been using it for 3 weeks now. Pros: 1. Battery back up is very good, way better than other phones. 2. It's works quite fast and smooth even though I have installed some heavy apps. 3. It comes with a fun back cover which is quite innovative and thoughtful. 4. It would be a great buy for those who don't like 5 inch screens but still want good functionality. Cons: 1. 3000mAh battery makes the phone bit heavier. But that's ok. 2. Front camera is VGA.
Battery awesome..at the end of the day after internet data usage it is 72 to 75%..n stand is around 10 to 12 days easily ..if u jus use for calling battery comes around 7days...n touch is good,cal connect n clarity is good,internet connectivity is good, ---- problem is out speaker-it is not clear wen v play mp3 out ,n head phones are below avg...n not all headset suits to the 3.5jack...its better to purchase Bluetooth stereo headset.....n free updates from lenovo...over all . Good phone
I have got no complaint against Amazon. Delivery was prompt and post sales service proper. However the phone started malfunctioning within a fortnight of purchase. Even though the phone is loaded with features and some of them quite useful as per the cost of the phone, but battery back up was poor & not as advertised by Lenovo. The biggest problem that I had faced was that the phone became DEAD within a fortnight. Lenovo service centre had given a TAT of 14 days for repair for a brand new phone. The most disappointing part was my communication with the Lenovo Service Team. They are just horrible and would do nothing to help a customer apart from pushing the customer around from one department to another. I had written a mail to Executive Director - Service, but the only thing that I had got in return has been assurances but no action. I am yet to get the delivery of my phone from the service centre. Therefore my advise to anybody going for this product would be "DONOT EXPECT ANY HELP FROM SERVICE TEAM OF LENOVO. YOUR PHONE CAN GO DEAD WITHIN A WEEK AND PLEASE DONOT DISCARD YOUR OLD PHONE BECAUSE YOU WILL NEED THE SAME DURING THE LONG SERVICE TAT OF LENOVO."
To start with am very pleased with services of Amazon.in My mobile was delivered within 36 hours after I placed order and that's really quick. Was bit sceptical before buying Lenova mobile but am glad I took that phone. It's real value for money at 10,500 Rs.. its metallic body and it's long battery life stand out feature for this handset. Screen resolution nd processor is also quiet good. Overall a very good option to choose in 10k range smartphones.
Thanks for amazon for quick delivery. phone is very gud under this price tag. My reviews :- 1)Rear camera is very gud but front camera is worst. 2)There is no hanging problem in phone apps and games are running smoothly. 3)Looks is cool. 4)Battery backup is up to mark(1 day full gaming and net surfing). 5)Magic cover is awesome and its come free with the phone. 6)old version of Android(jelly bean). kit Kat is not available yet.
Absolutely no problem with this phone.. I did a lot of research over web before finalizing this piece. cons: Android version, which was not a priority for me at the time of buying. Great look, smooth speed, nice UI, camera & Battery are fab. Even the screen resolution is not that bad its better if not best. I feel its a smart purchase in the range below 14K. For those who are not that finicky about android version can go wid this gem..
I've been using from last 2 months an awesome product smartphone features are good battery backup five stars Amazon five star delivery all in all I am completely satisfied this is first product from amazon after this I bought another lenovo for my friend and Sony xb450 headset 32 GB SD card flip cover for my Samsung tab 4 now amazon is my regular shopping esite I am totally cool with offers and trust worthy recommendation s
I received Lenovo S660 24 hours before, So far no issue observed. Phone is quite smooth, No legging found. Battery Life is awesome.
This handset of lenovo is good but some of its performance is not so good like it's sound quality and its processor performance status. Anyway other qualities are good. Ram is less as compare to other handset when compared with the price of phone with other handset. And some setting options is needful for good quality of the phone like autoarrange the desktop setting sequentially when we uninstall an apps.
Used Samsung Galaxy S3 and always face problem of battery backup. whereas battery of Lenovo S660 last for approximately for 2 days without charging on 3G network. Also S660 feature with preloaded with lenovo security, antivirus and also get free magic cover. performance wise it is almost similar to Samsung Galaxy S3. i personally recommend to use this fone who are facing regular battery backup problem.
Good Phone in the Price range. Good screen size and battery Life. Only drawback is Front Camera. Rest all is good.
Got my mobile on very next day prompt delivery by Amazon! On lenovo s660 is the best in this categories. Battery will stand one day if u continuously use data / games no heating issues on battery. On memory after update of kikkat you can get 3.4gb space in phone memory you can change default write disk your memory card but the phone has not option to move apps to sd. & surely, You can gift this phone
This is my second S660.This set is wellknown for its battery backup.My first set is still going strong after 4months usage.This time I bought it for my friend.He observed that the battery discharge is irregular.Still,the battery lasts for more than 16 hours with moderate usage.No lag and good browsing speed.Open menu may be little odd..After all its a good deal for 10k.Remember that the offline price is 12k plus..Thanks to Amazon for the nice service..After all I request amazon to create a user friendly web page which provides the ease of shopping..pls highlight customer care numbers and provisions to cancel or return items.Try to get some good inputs from Flipkart web site... Happy to inform that I have been using this product for the past one year.No lag and excellent battery.Based on my feedback my seven friends had bought this product (5 from amazon).All are happy...Very much reliable, nothing less than five stars for the product***** and four stars for amazon****
what i expect from this mobile is not as expectation, battery backup is not good, after few month battery backup strength is very week, as comparison to another set there is signal problem too in this mobile bcs i examine this with other mobile like htc same subscriber same sim same connection and plan, even in sms you cant segregate sms as send, received. i advice to dont buy this product
Excellent Phone from Lenovo. The main feature of this mobile is superb battery life. This Phone last over a day and half with good use. The display is very good though i can't compare it with super amoled screens but still it is very good. The only drawback is front camera. It's a VGA camera. The back panel is metal, i liked the gold finish, it makes the phone look premium.
Bought this almost 6/7 months back. Phone as such is OK. Good big screen for the price. Camera good too. But doesn't have gorilla glass. Found out the hard way. UI not very good. You'll need to use some launcher to make things smooth. And the proximity sensor gives problems once in a while. But the battery life is great. Maybe there are better options now for the price.
just go for it. i'm happy with the battery- that was the main reason why i opted it. with 3G always on for data and with facebook and whatsapp always open, i get 24 hrs - with calls for approx 45-60 minutes in between. camera is also ok. Though the screen size is fine, the body size is much bigger - it would be equal to some units having screen size 5 to 5.5 inch.
absolute bluff this battery does not last more than 1 day what way you benefit by writing this type of crap
I ordered this mobile on a Sunday evening and it was delivered the next day by 11;00 am ! Practically within 18 hours. As far as the handset is concerned, I am not that tech savvy, so I can not comment much on the technical aspects, but it is quite an attractive gadget, specially with the new magic cover that comes with it. So far, no complaints.
2nd sim doesn't works well. When we use internet, when friends call to my 2nd sim, they complaint as my 2nd sim is not reachable. Also, I face network problem. But my sister uses HTC mobile (price is similar to S660), for her both sim works fine. I am sure S660 have network problem. It is good to go for HTC or moto G
it compare very well with any other phone at this price point, I had done extensive research and review checks and then made this decision to buy. its very good option esp as its got huge battery and Quad core processer. happy with my decision only item on wish list could be higher screen resolution - its good but not great
Specifications of the phone is good for this price range and battery is awesome. Battery last for two and half day with moderate use. The Pixel per inch (PPI) of the phone is only 234, it is lesser than Moto E. The sound output of both loudspeaker and the ear phone are very poor, you can't even hear if your room fan is running.
low SAR value cellphone at around 8k price, good battery backup , only drawback vga front camera.
Excellent Phone: Positives: 1) Superb Battery Backup 2) Mobile having good speed with Quad processor 3) value for money 4) worth to buy n 4.4 Kitkat version will be released by Lenova for this mobile by September month Negatives: 1) Worst Earphones Just go for it..
Its have internal momory 8 GB,but we have only 5.4 GB available,apps we can download its not move SD card,and other then word game aditoinal data also running in internal memory only,we can move external its not work,Mali400 mp2 GPU is mible of game graphics,its not run asphal8 ripe games full graphics method,its fine mobile
Everything in tip-top condition upon delivery.. Very sleek design and 4.7' is perfect fit to the palms.. Another thing is it comes with a stylish back case and screen guard, which saves extra expenditure.. Back camera is super, but front cam is avg... Battery is awesome as well.. My suggestion- just go for it(JGI)
I bought this product from GabbarDealS on Amazon and I am very happy with this product. There is not lag or any sign of heating etc as I read in the other forums. The battery back-up is superb and last full 24 hours with continuous 3G services running. I will recommend this phone to people who have a budget of 11-12K.
Funtastic phone lenovo s 660 but sd card not suport or screen short not suport, others OK.
Its one of the best phone in its price range Specs are good - The best part is battery backup - 3000 mAh (Plus its a removable battery ) The phone stands for more than 1.5 -2 days with the basic use Over all performance is GOOD Haven't face any heating issues all the apps work smoothly
Good Phone with Good specifications especially removable battery 3000 mAh.........
Value for money, speaker quality not up to expectation, overall performance is good
A great phone from Lenovo. Good specs and performance too. Good battery backup even on heavy usage. Multitasking is great. Very nice customization by Lenovo in the UI. Decent price too. Better than all chinese phones and even Samsung. No headaches on prolonged usage as SAR value is low.
It was a gift.The purpose was a phone with good battery backup in Lenovo brand, this one sufficed the requirements.For selfie & heavy gaming not a good phone.I will suggest to look for more options,as for this price bracket/slightly more cost one may get a phone with better specs.
Good phone..Battery backup is good..1.3 GHz quad core processor makes the phone to do faster processing...I was also given a free magic cover with this phone. The cover is very nice. 8MP rear camera is good for capturing pictures. Only drawback is that front camera is of no use....
I bought this for it's 3000 amp battery. Screen life was a fantastic always on 16 hours (compared to 6 hours for most phones) but real time use was disappointing. Overall really great build, solid, though the software did not allow me to transfer relavant apps to external SD card.
wonderful phone because of its battery life with data and wifi on. 2 days without recharge. Touch is good, better than my Samsung Galaxy Grand. Android 4.4.2 after firmware upgrades. Camera ofcourse not the best. Amazon delivery though is terrible. However they were the cheapest.
Best fone in all aspects in this price range I have used samsung Grand but no phone work like this fone... don't waste time .....grab it immediately... and Amazon services are best..... up to ground level.in my small villege i got prodocts from Amazon ...thanks to Amazon
very good phone.......very nice bettry back up......first of all update it then use it....camera is also good....but in night .....compromise level about... clarity of camera......easy function to use...nice in look also.....buy it......my review after using it 5 months above
Battery charge doesn't hold as claimed. The biggest problem is that the call register log doesn't function properly. Many entries are missing from Dialled, Received and Missed calls lists. Further, it has to be checked and adjusted very often. There is also no Home button
Every thing about this Phone is awesome and battery backup is also good but one concern about secondary camera which is VGA it should be 1.3 mega pixel which can make this phone more brilliant and powerful headphones is not good. I suggested it to my friends.
Its an awesome phone ,I gifted this phone to my father as he was facing problem in ex xolo phone "Battery" problem. He get call at lest 300 calls a day And now he is happy as he gets battery backup for maximum 2 1/2 days So simply go for it
I ordered this phone after reading many reviews, I am satisfied with S660 but not a very great phone, 3000 mah battery drains out by next day morning I only makes call. Picture quality and sound is good, poor ear phones. You may find better phone for this price range
Very smart phone. I purchased on Nov 2014. It working well. Only drawback is from camera its only 0.3 mp. But rear camera is fantastic . battery backup is awesome. Please go for this. Those who have the attitude of innovation would definitely buy. All the best.
Pros Decent camera Compact HD video recording Con's No centralised menu Battery backup not seems like 3000 mah Music effect totally worst even with Sony branded headphones Ui totally worst seems like kid playiun mob
i have purchased this in July 14 but i am facing problems with battery and some times it gets discharged fast and when you connect to charging in ten minutes it will show full charge so not happy with battery as results are not in line as committed by LENOVA
Excellent phone with reasonable rate. Good 3000 mh battery backup. Great screen resolution, 8 MP back camera. Durable steel body. Trendy magic cover, for protection. Only drawback is 0.3 mp front camera. Value for money phone.
I did lots of R&D before buying this product and found very good compare to other product with the range of 10k-12k. I am satisfied with the product as its giving good battery back, good screen size, Rear camera is good. Can recommend for this if you are not oriented with brand.
One of the best product from Lenovo that is slightly better or at par with Lenovo P780. If you're looking at a best value for money Android phone with good service network & reliability, then this is the only phone that matches all these requirements.
I had HTC Desire 310 with 2000 mah battery it would last for 2 days long with hard usage whereas in S660 the 3000 mah battery drains faster than HTC's since lenovo uses vibe UI which has only direct home pages. Due to which drainage of battery faster.
I have been using Lenovo s660 for 3 weeks and I feel, so far, the phone is exactly what it says. I would have given 5 stars if the front camera were a little better and the proximity sensor worked a little more sensitively. Anyway, I'm happy with it.
Good battery backup & also comes with 1 year warranty. I have used for three months it hang in between, even though I can't call I have to wait. I format this device at care center but problem not solved. Better way go for xiomi device.
At 11k, this a worth buy. And now with Lenovo assuring of Kitkat update by Sep'14 this a steal. Excellent processor, good camera, sparkling display. All of above the cover which Lenovo provides for free makes it stand aside from general crowd.
I ordered Lenovo S660(GOLD) cell phone on 10th december 2014 . My orderer no- ( 171-6289214-8173124). There is lot of sound problem.And when ever there is any incoming call during receiving call is randomly connecting to another call.And there is another problem [lenovo S660 gold] the cell is tiled.It is not at all a good phone.Pls exchange it.
Very good phone at this price. There are no issues of the software. Its working perfectly fine. The battery back up is good too. Camera is avergae but for this price, this is a good touch screen mobile compare to micromax or other cheap stuff.
Good value of money. The look is just ok kind but the battery backup is very good. The camera quality is fine. The mobile screen appears plastic in nature but otherwise works nicely. One can go for it specially looking at the price of 8500.
The mobile is working well and it is giving me a new experience of using a smart phone. It is stuffed with good features and applications. I feel delighted to have such a marvellous phone. But,battery's backup is not going as I expected.
Its a good product. All are +ve except the front facing cam. The product features matches the specs given in the website. Moreover Amazon promises and delivers as per standard and commitment. Overall happy with the purchase. Cheers guys.
Battery Charged 100% immediately & discharged also within minute.
The battery had to be replaced after 15 days of purchase itself.
Its a nice phone at this price with good camera battery life and performance. It has KitKat update on the air available and it works fine. Phone is very responsive and back cove supplied free with the phone looks very awesome.
Lenovo s660 is very good & very nice performance Battery performance is excellant In short overall performance is excellant if u want purchase a mobile in this budget,I Recommend u purchase only this mobile
every thing good with phone, except for minor lags. Also screen resolution should be little more. The screen turns on itself some times. UI should be improved. Battery performance excellent. Hoping to get lollipop soon.
Great fone in comparison to moto g...jus don't go by d name...this fone is amazing.. Superb battery life n camera..no hanging of the fone...BT ders a slight lag while typing which is not a big concern...a definate buy..
Nice Mobile for the price it offers. it is good to use, updated it to Kitkat as soon received. No lags so far. packing & delivery was good. Would have been happy if a Micro SD of 16GB & screen guard was given as free.
Amazons service was upto the mark..giving 1 star extra for services..but lenovo s660 is not working properly..bit slow..video player crashes all the time.it didnt accept the 8 GB memory card. battery backup is good..
Good compared to its price. New feature is the cover.
The phone is good but orange colour spreads from bottom of screen upwards ,when you swipe vertically to see contacts or other things .The problem exists on all s660 models and the issue has not been solved.
Very nice product. Faster delivery by amazon. Product price in shops is very high. A change of Rs.3000. I bought it for my friend and he is very happy with the product performance. Nice choice price around Rs.10000.
Cons-Hanging while playing simple game subway surfers and temple run Phone is heating up while playing game(asphalt) Camera quality is poor Pros-Only go for it if you want better battery back up
Phone is simply awesome. The biggest advantage of it is 300 mah battery, other specs are also good.but it does not have app drawer, for the people who are used to app drawer might have to use some launcher.
Good phone. I was expecting a good battery life since it has a 3100mah battery, but it lasts only one day and has to be charged every night. otherwise its ok. Good screen size and does not hang etc.
superlike for battery life. I can't find such a battery life in most of the devices. It has problems sometimes while charging with touchscreen but charging time is very less compare to battery usage time.
Ultimate experience just rite am not a game user other than its perfect for every one would recommend to all and coming over to backup of battery its ok ok not up to the mark as said in ads and 3000 mah
Excellent communications and the service rendered by Amazon. As regard the product, I was expecting a little smoother finish material. Anyway it is worth for the price paid. Overall I am happy with it.
Amazing smartphone @ reasonable price. Lenovo is capturing Samsung's market in India gradually. This device is best at what u get at these price. HD display, 8MP cam, Just go for it. Arun kumar. Pune
at low price very good mobile with all feature and lenevo brand. batter backup very good camera superb processor very good
The phone has good features....very good bettery backup ....Only thing which needs to be improved is the sound quality of the phone and the airphone..!!
This phone is simply amazing just one thing lacks with front camera is poor . except this every thing is good. I am enjoying with this phone
its a well performing phone..excellent battery pick up...but its ear phone quality is very poor... front cam quality is very very bad.
Excellent performance,speak,easy to handle on the whole a good smart phone. Had the so been kitkat it would be best in the segment and I would have given a five star
Overal all this cell phone is good. It has good battery backup. Watching 720p to 1080p is fun but it doesn't deliver full hd video clarity. Headphones are made of cheap plastic quality and it sounds horrible. Its magic cover really works well while watching movies or video's. Its built quality is very good. Its not much heavy Now about the camera, primary camera is not at all good but secondary camera is good because its having a batch name of 8 mp. If u compare its 8 mp quality with samsung & micromax u will find S660 camera quality is lagging behind...in terms of original colours. If u click pics in sunlight the results are best and if u click inside house results are ok types. But what I personally believe that if u take out the quality of secondary camera factor then its delight and u should go for that. It is priced so well in the market. Lenovo has really done justice to this cell phone. But what I personally think lenovo should reduce the price upto Rs 500 to Rs 800 and should also improve the headset quality.
internet some time limited connectivity,i think 3g modem is not good, 3g intenet always problems, battery good,camera average,no heating,display average
Metalling Body, 8 MP Cam, 1.2 Ghz Quardcore, 1 GB RAM, 8 Gb internal with 4 GB for apps included. You are getting more that expected in 11240. Only front cam and ear phone is poor. Unless the phone keeps tha value of the money,
I bought this one month ago. This is nice product by Lenovo. Lookin nice, Good Back Cover. Nice Battery back up but not as mentioned in the Phone Description. Camera Quality good but in night even with the flash light, Pictures are not good. We buy smart phone mostly for the Internet purpose but the wifi device is very poor. And even if i use 3G connection but internet runs very slow. About video support: Do not support all the video format like .wmv,.mkv etc.. No Application Menu. Old version of Android OS. No Hanging Problem. Battery works for 24hrs on normal use of internet.In Day mode Picture quality is good. No Heating.
I got what is mentioned in amazon. Good. Keep it up. Phone is also Nice , Slim and nice features.
Phone is pretty ok. all graphics games are working fine asaphalt 8 real racing are working fine pretty good picture quality for videos no laging no menu option or home screen battery charge is good 8gb memory and 1 gb ram suites all kinds of application also elegant look makes it attractive to every one
Super mobile under 12k. Good battery back up,good picture quality,good touch screen. Bad thing is that there is no seperate security locking for Messages folder or gallery folder etc.,It would be better if we give chance to user for putting seperate security for messages and gallery folder atleast.
All the features are very good except battery back up is not good and application menu is not given. Speeds are excellent
This is a best phone as price wise, config. wise, screen wise but Camera is not good., gives only ok ok pictures. I am using this phone from one month without any problem. Amazon given good delivery & best price of the product. Thanks Lenovo & Amazon.....
Awesome phone! Unfortunately the accessories aren't :(. Talking about the phone, It's the best phone in this range. Perfect size, great display, decent battery life, good performance. And about the accessories, both the earphones and the charger sucks! Charger is of poor quality that the phone acts weird while charging on ac.
1. Good size to handle. 2. Great Performance (no log while running subway surfer, cricket) 3. Enough Storage (around 6 GB free space out of 8 GB and its memory expandable ) 4. You cant feel its QHD display.. its like HD display. 5. All the alert lights available (someone said in some review there is no alert lights) 6. Awesome battery backup, it comes 2 to 3 days with full usage. (40 mins call (30 min continuous talk) and 20 min game - only 9 % battery drained) 7. Nice design and looking good. 8. Overall its Awesome phone.
excellent battery backup, excellent picture quality excellent camera good browsing experience excellent ram excellent internal memory good looking slim valuable
Good Battery Life. Nice display clarity very responsive Free back cover for holding phone along with kit In short; Value for Money
Good mobile in this price tag. Thank you amazon for delivary in good time and looking forward to continue shoping
Initially i had given 5 stars and everything was great... Battery backup was superb... . But then the dream turned into nightmare when i had to visit lenovo service center in borivali mumbai... I have visited them 7 8 times in 8 months of my phone usage... They solve one issue but give me with another issue... And everytime they keep the phone for 15 to 20 days... In 8mnths of purchase my phone was with them for atleast 3 months combined... Phone is great the service backup is terrible i will never buy a lenovo in my life
Superb phone in mid range....go for it guys... Good processor, good camera, very good screen clarity and great looking body.
It is awesome but i was doubted in the warranty of it. does it eligible for warranty? please tell me
Very good phone and best service by Amazon. But be aware that right now this phone does not allow you to move applications from internal memory to external or sd card. May be in future Lenovo may provide any update or patch. Thanks to Amazon for timely delivery.
I got this phone almost two weeks ago and I have no complaints. Sound is great loud and clear. So far the battery last whole day even after using it most times for browsing or watching videos online. Its a great value for what its price. I love the phone. It looks great and the cover that comes with it is awesome as well. Camera is good with 8 mp but front camera really sucks. Other than that this mobile is just the thing !
I stopped using android few years ago, when I moved to iPhone. This I had bought for my father and was a little circumspect in the beginning as to how this will fare as he is not going to play around/investigate too much in case there are any issues. But I was pleasantly surprised. The display is very good. The letters are quite clear and images are sharp. The UI is very intuitive and my dad had no issues in picking this up quickly. He had been using this for over a month now and has not rebooted it at all. Its light weight and got a good grip. Its also very nice looking phone, looks a lot more than the price I had paid for this. Quite happy with this purchase.
Excellent battery with backup of 3 days. Overall a very good hardware configuration. Average camera quality. Not up to mark as compared to 8mp camera of other product like samsung or nokia.
Good handset in its price range .only afraid of its Warranty , some lenovo store telling me they not covered this phone if u buy it online.
Two weeks ago I purchases this phone. I liked touch screen and the way it operates. Battery life is very good
I had purchased this mobile 15 days back from amazon. I am very satisfied with mobile and amazon both. Pros 1. It works very smooth (No lagging and No Heating). 2. 4.7” Display, resolution (240ppi) is satisfactory and can be handled from one hand. 3. Battery is long lasting (8 hours continues use on wifi and 2 days with moderate use on 3G, full charging of battery(0-100%) takes complete 2Hrs.) 4. Lenovo premium apps (SECUREit and SYNCit) is usefull. 5. Free magic cover is really fantastic. 6. Customization of UI by lenovo is good and differs from general android UI. 7. Premium look Cons 1. Headphone in the box is of bad quality. Important Facts 1. Phone have 8 GB of internal memory , 5Gb is useable. 2. Apps can be installed on internal memory only and cannot be moved on sd card. 3. Apps large data automatically saves on sd card with changing the default memory as sd card. Problem Faced 1. Initially I faced one problem with proximity sensor during call, it was not able to wake up the display after removing from ear. But it resolved after fully discharge the battery and fully charging it in switch off mode and turned on. Now i am charging in normal way and not facing any problem.(I think it is required to do for li-polymer battery which is low self-discharging). I will suggest to buy this phone.
Awesome phone. Good display. Good Sound. Good camera (Though not very good) Gives a sturdy look. Good battery back up. Charger is very good which charge up the mobile very fast.
Nice display, nice screen, camera is ok, ram is ok, overal ok. touch is good, front cam is not good
If you buy this cell for battery back up I inform that battery backup is not good it give's only 7-8 hours on 2g net surfing. While company advertising for 36 hours totally false, Otherwise phone is really excellent .look is so beautiful .camera is good . no hanging problem, comfortable in hand.Lenovo apps are really good. Only one complain is poor battery back up.
Value for money just finding it hard to get a back cover as they are not available in the market. Quick delivery in two days. Good battery backup. takes good pictures during day light and average pics during night.front cam is vga so cant complaint for that. Nice product to buy!
it is a very nice looking device, very much worth for its price. lenovo is making its way in range of smartphones in countries like INDIA.... and U.S(buying motorola)... pros.... 1. nice look with metallic finish 2. Good camera quality 3. 4.7 inches screen (for games and videos) 4. expandable memory with micro sd slot (not there for moto g) 5. 3000 mah battery with long battery life 6. good 1 gb ram, 1.3 ghz processor (sufficient) 7. very useful magic case. cons.... 1. cannot move apps to external memory 2. earphones is not upto the mark. overall it is a wothy phone for 12k. good service by amazon staff...
Review is on basis of my 15-20 days usage Excellent phone considering it's price range. Currently Battery seems to be working good which was the main reason I opted for this. Good and Fast Amazon Service as I opted for 1 Day delivery option and it reached within 12-14 hours.
Pros: battery life is good, overall response is good,didn't hang till now Cons: poor front camera,cheap headphone,should had different colors to choose. Looks are not that great
I am experiencing some problems with the phone sensor and the camera.After we make a call the screen goes blank without any reason.Also due to some camera fault I am able to send videos to other phones.
i have used this phone for more than a month and it has great battery backup though it gets heated while charging.. rest is quite satisfactory..
all features are working nice in this mobile i am completely satisfied with this mobile. display, processing, camera, headphone is better in this price range mobile as compare to other mobile.
I bought lenovo S 660 for Rs10999 and i have got everything in the Box,also a lenovo magic case & it's comes under Indian warranty..Since i m using it for the last two weeks the phone has appealed me to the greatest extend....lots of features at budget price,huge battery back-up & a very good over-all performance.......real value for money.
best price,great features,back cover included,touch is good, only the front camera is bad. i personally didnt like lenovo interface .
I purchased this phone only because of good battery backup of 3000 mAH but it didn't meet my expectations. Very poor battery. Do not go for TV advertisement ... Otherwise its a nice phone till now (1 month old)
A phone with decent looks and smooth functioning... No lag problem... Battery is a little problem...discharges quickly... Magic cover is great
PURCHASED THIS PHONE A YEAR BACK,EVERYTHING DID WELL BUT ON A FINE DAY THE NETWORK WAS MISSING. WHEN CONTACTED THE LENNOVO SERVICE CENTRE THEY TOLD ITS BETTER TO PURCHASE A NEW ONE RATHER THAN REPARING IT.NOW I HAVE TO AGAIN SHED MONEY TO PURCHASE A NEW MOBILE, ALL FJUST BBECAUSE OF PURCHASING A LENNOVO PRODUCT.
everything i needed in a phone. great looks. perfect size. nice apps. amazing features. loved the magic case and all at an affordable price..i love it
Great deal for a phone with this specification. Sturdy built and huge battery, are definitely the pros of this phone. The front camera is a bit of a let down, but the rear camera with flash is pretty good. The 4.7 inch display is very decent, but dont know why there is so much space between the tail-end of the phone and the screen, this phone could very well be a 5 inch phone, if not for the waste of space. But i am happy with the case(magic strap).
Very good product. Features are almost same as other mobiles which cost double than this mobile. I am very satisfied with this product. There is no lag. Inbuilt app provided by lenovo are also very nice.
This is a best phone in this price. Screen size is good enough to use by one hand. Cpu processing is fast. Rear camera clarity is good but front cam is good in only day time. Battery is not like expected can be used continously for 7 to 8 hr. And it is showing internal memory as ext and ext as internal Mem. Internet browsing in 2g is good. Its display is superb smooth touch and the magic cover is also good no need of back cover. Overall it is a good phone in this price.
Its been 1 month..so far I've got no complaint...very smart phone. The battery back up is very good. No need to download extra applications..all the basic requirements are already pre installed.
Fast dilivery......great product. amazing features..prize...i like that ... . . . . .... . . . . . . .
Absolutely flawless!! i own a Sonny Xperia C aswell which is rubbish when compared to Lenovo phone. The display is much better than a Sony Xperia C, Touch and user interface is superb!
This is worth of the money paid and having good features available.Suggest to look into battery heating which is only problem.
Its awesome of its segment of mobiles. Simply smart price for smart mobile .good mobile. Smart mobile. Simple mobile. ,
Order placed on 20th May , item delivered on 26th....3 days before than the estimated delivery date. Special thanks for Free Magic Cover ..... Pros Battery Backup Design Ram Sound Quality Cons Camera but not bad... Have to remove battery to change sim No menu,, every applicaton placed in home screen. overall rating : 7.5 / 10
it's very nice,performance is good,and battery backup,screen resolution,and built with very nice features,and also budget phone ,i am satiesfied with dis product, and amazon service is good.
Very Good phone. Fully Feature Packed. I bought it for my wife and unfortunately its screen broken after 2 months by my daughter. Camera quality and processor is really good. Surely Recommended.
good phone and good speed , only problem is the camera . pictures are adjustable during day shoot but horrible at low light . 8mp is as good as 3.2 mp of samsung or nokia phones
I HAVE BEEN USING THIS FROM 2 DAYS AND IT IS GOOD EXPERIENCE PROS: GOOD FRONT CAMERA BATTERY LIFE FAST CONS: SLOW WIFI,3G TAKING TOO MUCH TIME TO CHARGE
Pros: Excellent build quality and protection cover. No lag and good battery. . Cons it is not as smooth as my previous Micromax canvas HD both are quad core and 1 GB RAM.
Its just an OK product. Just wanted to inform that like other Android phones this does not have a MENU option. All icone form part of Home Screen only. Sone smart Lenovo Apps are there.
purchased in month of july so far awsome except a smal problem stating not enough space to install, thought it was rectified after a strong struggle, other than every thing is fantastic
nice phone, good battery backup, but voice is low , quality is varying from piece to piece, one is lucky enough if he doesn't find any probs within first 15 days of receipt of phone.
Great phone with all essential n modern requirement at an affordable price......screen...function..... Battery......display..... Rear cam......good.go for it without second thought
excellent phone. good speed.only problem is there is no menu all icons are spread on the screen. great performance rear camera very good. 1 gb internal memory is adequate i love it
Its good according to my expectations. But sound quality for speaker is not so good. Camera quality is good.Selphi quality is not so good. Amazon service is very nice. I like it.
Amazon delivery is excellant , with in 24 hr of order i got shipment , the only problem is with his acessories adaptor getting very hot during charging ,rest all phone is good ,
any download apps, video, whatsapps photos not go's to sd card.... go's to internal memory ... so internal memory is almost full...... lenovo support is poor...
Battery backup is good. Within 3 months I reset device twice because of browsing issue. very bad front camera and bellow average back camera. Gaming experience is average....
The phone is good.. except the ear phones which we will be getting in the box.. its worst than a local ear phones.. if they provide us good one it will be much more better...
Lenovo S660 is reaching new heights in mobile industry. Overall its awesome product, the only problem is consuption of battery is very fast compared to other android mobiles.
back n exit buttons seem to have some issues
Awesome phone....fast processing, no hang problem....loving it and most important got is very cheap on amazon as compared to market price plus 10% cashback from SBI card.
IT Food product for that price still not completed one month ...lets see how will be in the future.......but finding Flip cover with full safe guard is hetic job........
Meets my requirements and optimizes the use of RAM when compared to other devices in the same price range. So far haven't faced any issues with the phone or its usage.
Superb phone if you want to be in on android platform which eat Battery like anything... Thanks Lenovo to make such a phone who runs till night after a very heavy use.
Awesome is the word... best phone at this price....All primary features and performance as good as Note 2.... Comes with high quality back cover and screen guard....
Amazing phone, snappy processor( good for 10k ), Don't expect anything more at this price.... Overall a great purchase.. I'm satisfied... Also Battery is quite good.
Though the set is dual SIM, I am having difficulty inserting both the SIMs. Otherwise, excellent phone. Good sound quality, image and features. Pretty fast as well.
i find the device pretty cool and useful. useful apps like share it & secure it are already installed. the only thing that is not good is it gets heated soon.
I made a mistake by opting for this phone, as the battery is not promising as it is given in the reviews. There is no signal strength. I am disappointed over all.
Product is Genuine & delivered on time ;)
S660 is an amazing phone in this budget from the house of Lenovo. Also, amazon did a great job by delivering it very next day from the date of placing the order.
Very nice product by Lenovo.Thanks to amazon to deliver within 3 days from order date.I am using this before 15 days.but till now I have not facing any problem.
Awesome phone with awesome battery life, I was able to get 2 days with data on. Display is crisp. Also appreciate lenovo for including a back cover in package.
Awesome. Touch, display, sound, design, battery backup, rear camera everything suburb. Only con front camera VGA. But at this prise range it's OK. I like it.
very gd camera pic quality,...all features very gd, except their is no facility of sharing by wifi direct..sharing has to b done by only option of bluetooth,
Quiet a nice handset to use.. Pretty good camera and battery backup is beyond expectations. Shall ask all my near and dear ones to go for lenovo..
Very nice product, and happy with this mobile. I have upgraded to kitkat os also. Amazon delivered one day before the planned date, excellent services.
Best phone at this price range. Battery especially. Front cam OK during day time. Rest every thing is perfect. Got it delivered in two days once dispatched.
It's an amazing phone I brought it for my wife and she has been using it since then without any complains Would suggest a worth buy for the price band
Good Product, Amazon delivered the mobile before scheduled time. Received with Bill. No issue found Saved some bucks Thanks to amazon
well , the mobile had some issue related to network , sometimes it shows full network on handset , but the people who call us get message as unavailable
It was my first expierence of on line shopping,it was really great with amazon.com,Keep it up for great service & Good ,Quality pdt at resonable Price.
I love this mobile it is too good, battery back up and photo clarity awesome, it wont support for OTG cable. But Amazon Delevery is too bad.
Very good battery. Very sturdy and elegant. Excellent video but still photos are hazy and dark as no image stabilisation and also no red eye reduction
Products are good here.. and that's why I love to shop here... but guys plz make sure that I would get coupons as well.. rest meets expectations!!!!
This mobile don't have OTG and customization of menu is bit harder otherwise excellent phone, signal call quality and battery all good recommended
good one.. While the phone is in locked stage, any one slide on the screen the camera will open. It will happens when we put the phone in pocket.
easy to break so use like a glass :)
It is okay but call log is not showing properly with respective to time. I do not is it a bug or i have to do some settings or upgrade software.
Value for money product. Sleek phone, metal body, removable 3000 mAh battery, lasts all day for office use. slight lag experienced occasionally.
W T F ?? Problems ; 1) proximity sensor delay , 2) restarting ,3) Board complaint service is very bad,, i hate Lenovo service.....
Instead of 8Gb internam memory I got 6Gb internal memory and the batter backup is very worst. Dont trust this phone and amazon serives guys.
this is really a fabulous machine with best processor and battery don't believe on AKHIL BAJAj he'sg mad really this is worth for money
I brought this phone as gift to my dad... who is new user for smart phone.. battery life is good.. speed is good.. overall very good phone..
I am loving lenovo I used lenovo laptop and mobiles we have 3 laptops and 3 mobiles this company product are user friendly and trouble free
This lenovo s660 is a good mobile But my mobile is damage Home/back/manu tuch key not properly work This key is a hanging
It was value for Money , but the touch screen response is Normal , not as expected Thanks for Amazon for On time delivery...
Dear Sir/Madam i am not receive my gift..due to gift i pay money& in my mobile reliance GSM sim is not detected....
The phone is good but some features like shortcut for all apps, no menu button. Macro SD card. rest is fine if u see the amount,,
No need to think again. Let's purchase it. looking good and working fine. Camera is better than all other mobiles in this range.
Rate kam karne k sath hi quality bhi down ho gyi.internal memory full hone par hanging problem & battery backup is poor.........
I received a defective product.
its a good mobile phone for everyone. its battery life is too long. but in now days its front camera is very low in grade......
1.Got the Worst Ear Phone. 2.Menus are not working consistently(Sensor Problem) 3.Battery is not up to what expected.
Up on draining the battery to 0% and then trying to charge it will only land you no where making the phone no more chargeable.
awesome phone....it runs great...no lagging...it runs almost all games....awesome back camera..and battery life is the best...
Its great value for money. The product should also include case but the casing along with stand is amazing. Overall its nice!
Good performance. But sound system not up to the expectations. Instances of interruption in calls due to poor voice clarity.
The item was delivered quickly . It was as mentioned during the purchase. I am very much satisifed with the same till now.
I AM HAVING SERIOUS ISSUES.THE PHONE RESTARTS ITSELF.HOME BUTTONS SOMETIMES DOESN'T WORK.SAME WITH THE NOTIFICATION LIGHT.
Excellent Eco buy. Nice built quality Long battery life Lenovo brand assured surety & Value for money.
Nice phone and quick delivery
All the features of this phone are food except the camera. The primary camera isn't even a 3mp and takes horrible photos.
very slow application. touch is not good. i bought just 2 weeks backs, but not working properly. it is not worth for 11k.
I bout this mobile 2 months back, the problem is net connect not supported lenovo service center is worst in banglore
It is very nice phone except headphone quality. It is much better than same range phones of Samsung ,Nokia and Micromax.
Its not a good smarty.... Becoz there is found unlimited lines visible in display...I think it is internally effected
i use wifi almost all the time n still battery back up is awesome nd for this price its one of the best phone ever
The best phone I have for that pricing. Working amazing till date. Planning for another. Original and genuine product.
phone very good but battery gets discharge quickly from 90% to 60% and then battery discharge rate is normal. .
This phone is superb. No hanging, smooth operation, good battery backup, great display, better than average camera.
Good product value of money
Thank you very much..... merchant 5*+ shipping 5*+ price 5*+ product 5*+ performance 5*+
Great Amazon prime mobile phone. Superior battery back up. Delivered in a day. I am very very thankful to amazon
It's been around 2 mnts since I bought this phone..working great as of now..on the whole a good android phone..
Good mobile good battery back up nice camera light wait good pouch coming with box and overall wonderful mobile
More better then Expectations...Battery backup is a Main Factor of the mobile.. All over phone is just awesome
I buy this phone last month. Its working very nice. Battery backup also so good. Am fully satisfied with phone
Excellent. Dual Sim, 3G, WiFi on and charging once in 3 days...with full day use. And its light and efficient
Very Good Smart Phone with Long Battery backup, Camera resolution is also very good, processor speed awesome.
Sometimes, It's touch buttons(options, menu and back) doesn't work. No such battery backup as described
Amazon service 5 stars. Lenovo s660 itself is a good product. 5 stars for both undoubtedly. Fully satisfied
Working good. Battery backup gets without internet 24 hours. with internet almost 16 hours. Camera is good.
The phone doesnot connect to Cellular networks. It worked fine for two weeks but now creating problems
Bettry is very poor inspite of 3100. IT IS NOT CACHING NETWORK... IF MY ONE MURDER IS LEGAL THAN I WILL UTILIZE..
Overall it is good product, but problem is battery drains very fast. I got within one day.that's good.
After 8 month of usage i feel proud myself to have this device,best buy in this price. Go for it.
Lenovo S660 battery life is really good. Product quality is great. Amazon service is best. I am happy.
I'll give it five star if it's front camera result was excellent. I'm not satisfied with front camera
Lenovo S660 it is a very nice mobile really i am impressed. Battery back up and Camera also good .
According to me, in low range and 1 gb ram and 8 gb internal memory it is the best for me..........
This is a great and best quality product delivered by Amazon. Great to orser the same with Amazon.
A fantastic phone in around 8k. I am using it from last 3 months. Its a great deal. Thanks Amazon.
Screen guard is not up to the mark and music volume is low. Screen is not that smooth as expected.
Battery back up is too good Camera taking nice pictures Apps can't moves to memory card
Very good phone with high performance. This phone has every features u need. I am a happy user.
In my first use mob not working. Camera just 8mega but no clarity. Phone hangs when not in use.
Total value for money.Decent battery.Good graphic display.Decent audio.Response time decent l.
Not at all happy, Very bad product, Soo many Bugs.... Suggesting dont buy this
After a friend's recommendation based on my budget of 10000 i purchased this.After 2 months usage below are my observations 1.Good battery backup 2.Got upgraded to 4.4.2 kitkat recently from 4.2 3.This has data usage controller "Secure it " app .You can control which apps 2g can be used. Saves my data usage 4.Performance is good but not super . If u play any games like subway surfer better to disable other apps other games can struck in between for few seconds. A few seconds lag can happens 5.sometimes phone goes in hang mode and not responds to any key. Usually i remove battery that time and restart phone.Happened to me rarely thrice in last 2 months 6.Very good grip .Fits perfect in pocket 7.Magic case provide by lenovo is good . Helps to watch movies by laying ur phone on any flat surface. 8.UI is not so good as samsung or moto g. Overall a decent phone in budget of 10000
Its gold colour chrome will get off as u touch harder moreover it's a low quality phone too.
Great phone after seeing my phone my two relatives & five friends purchased same.satisfying
Good phone with excellent battery backup, a little heavy maybe for some. Excellent display.
I am using Lenovo and having no problems, and totally satisfied with the product, its great
Nice phone with a good camera and screen size. Front can resolution could have been better.
Very good phone just over 10k. Impressive battery life with descent speed. Worth buying it.
nice value for money
Best budget phone!!!
Good phone...Excellent service by Amazon.. cons it is having issue with File browser displaying the Internal memory as external memory.. Front camera is a waste Headset is not great..
I am one of those guys who are tired of seeing those Samsungs and iPhones in the hands of virtually everyone. From a high end CEO to a salesman in the Mall, everyone sports a Samsung Device which all look virtually the same. I was looking for something different from what Samsung offers. I do not trust brands like Spice and Micromax somehow. I came across this phone after extensive research. The phone is nice. It is good enough for the price tag of Rs 11,000. Look for the pros somewhere else. I'll jump to the cons. 1) Lenovo's custom UI is messing with my head. I may lose sanity because of it's irritating design. It does not have a Menu. I REPEAT, It does not have a MENU! Everything has to huddled on the Homescreen. 2) The Headphones are virtually useless. 3) You will not find accessories like a flip cover for this phone easily
Lenovo s660 is not a good product. Battery discharge fast and need to charge frequently.
A beautiful and amazing product by Lenovo delivered by very Trusted online shop Amazon
I am purchase lenovo s660 from amazone.amazone service is good.and this phone is best
Just like other phone; processor is nice but battery not last as per the specification
I bought this Phone for my Mother Who is using it with out facing much difficulties.
Good phone for this price.camera quality is average.Battery is good.display is good.
Excellent product and fantastic service by amazone. amazone is the best online site.
- Value for money - Huge battery that lasts very long - Less than 5 inch screen and allows for one hand operation - Magic cover(in the box) is very useful - No lag - Good looks and feels sturdy in hand - Would have given 5 stars if it came with 2GB RAM
Faster delivery genuine article. My friend bought the same for 13k a month ago
I bought on 26th night. Received phone on 29th noon. Thanks amazon. (May be because I am in bangalore.) My review: Phone is good. Camera is not of that quality which you can see in non-smart phones of Sony or Motorola, still ok for me. Battery back up is good. I received Kit-Kat update after 2 continuous firmware updates. Absence of menu button is a drawback. But they have provided an interface like the linux virtual desktops. So non-frequently used items can be put in one desktop and remaining things in the home screen. Sound & Screen quality is good. Though earphone provided looks like a low quality non-durable one, sound is OK for me. Overall I recommend a buy. I think you cannot USB charge this phone swiftly due to its big battery. Bundled charger is fast enough.
Very good performance !. Thank u Amazone for providing it with a reasonable price
Great deal. Nice smart phone with magic cover. Amazon deliver order on time
Well, I chose a 2 day delivery and got it in a day, so for starters it was good. Real good service provided by Amazon, keep up the standard. The titanium coating was certainly a delight, but the back case cover sent with the package was just meant to ruin the looks of it. Battery life is really good, unlike other smartphones...resoution less than 720p but still you dnt make out the difference.....every video.....every game including inbuilt asphalt 7 runs smoothly without any lag. Only things disappointing were that all menu items were available directly on swiping to the next page...not on the click of a button or sumthing....also installed apps cannot be transferred to memory card.....if u cud ignore dese things like I did.....dis smartphone is worth the price.
Fantastic phone. Real value for money. Amazing performance. Highly recommended.
Best phone for the price and easy to work with single hand and amazing battery.
Good Product.Value For Money. There was a delay in delivery but the product was
phone is excellent, but battery is not as per its specifications i.e. 3000 mAh
The battery is horrible, conks out in less than one day despite not using it.
A true value for money phone with all latest features and decent performance.
Superb, I haven't seen this much battery backup in any other android mobile.
Nice Phone with Good battery Backup...... Worth for the amount paid....
Battery is behaving strangely. Camera is average. Everything else is good.
Its awesome, good battery life, good sound, good camera.....value for money
Product was defected... beware... but amazon service was good...
Good phone but compared to mi3 specification price shall be further less.
Good phone. Good performance. But some times it hanges, when on charging.
I recieved order on 10th June 2014. It seems to be good phone and features are also good but i started facing problems in two weeks only. It reboots automatically when i unlock screen or click on any applications. Since one week the same problem continues. 4-5 times it also happens it stop showing screen just show dim light in the bottom of screen and after 2-3 minutes it shows screen. I request amazon please verify products first then u keep on selling. Or itmay be also possible that sellers are not good giving faulty peace. We bye product from amazon because as compare to others prices are bit less but it doesnt means we are throwing our 11000+ bugs for trial.
proximity sensor is really bad. No Kitkat 4.4 spport yet for this phone.
It started showing problems like rebooting every few mins .. Heating up when on call for more than five mins ... Mic not working properly....
Satisfied. Got a magic back cover cover free. Good phone for the price.
its nice phone...yet working good. camera is not like 5MP. its like 3Mp
awesome product and amazon provide good facility for all the product...
Very good at battery back up and good browsing speed. A reliable phone.
too complicated system within the phone.multimedia system is not good.
over all good phone. looks is very nice n batt backup ....... Not good- voice is very less n cam is ok ok....... ..
My mobile's battery get drain within 2 hours even not in much use.
Great value for money. Easy to use, sturdy and good battery life.
Very impressed with the speed of the delivery and ease of return.
Good phone. If front camera 0.3mp<2mp is a better solution.
A high feature low budget mobile with excellent battery backup.
defective item, and no pick up done till 15 days after delivery
satisfied with battery back up & overall performance till date.
The Lenovo S660 which was delivered vide my order # 404-4875244-1675515 is defected. The handset goes out of network the moment any option on the screen is touched be it a new call or photograph from the photo gallery. the phone goes out of network while surfing thru the option, while getting any incoming call or even while it is kept idle on the table. Please get the instrument collected and process refund or exchange the instrument with a new instrument. Please call me for any further clarification on 9029099001
The phone that i got was faulty. It had connectivity issues. I had to return it. In fact most of the items bought by us (me & my spouse) have been substandard. The kurtas she ordered were torn, the watch did'nt work. I have come to a conclusion that Amazon has become a platform for retailers to push their rejected and defected wares and Amazon does not seem to have any control over the quality of the products they are selling. Blind shopping at Amazon is sheer waste of time. Would prefer to go back to a mall and shop the traditional way.
Best phone in this price range, also proved by performance :)
Battery lasted for 2 days with 3g usage. Battery : Good
Amazing battery backup phone. Good phone in android version.
Excellent from the price point Battery back-up is good
It has got very good battery back up. Nice product.
Excellent product. Value for money. Battery is powerful.
Phone is ok as per price range. But delivery very poor.
Nice phone...cleariy is awesome...great value for money
Not good, camera mp not like 8mp, feature not enough.
Good Delivery and Good Product... Amazing Experience
Value for money.. Got kitkat 4.4 update. I am happy.
value for money.. and only negative is the front cam
Signals are getting very low. net speed is very slow
Good Item Dispatched and recived Quickly.Good Phone.
Wah superb ,wonderful its features I like very much
Good battery backup. But no proper android updates.
Its a good mobile to have meets all ur requirements
Packaging is excellent. and product is very good.
Good phone
Excellent performance. Surely a reliable product.
Excellent phone. Good speed, Good battery backup.
good battery backup. lasts 3 days on normal usage
Very good phone.. Battery back up is superb.
Verry Verry good is phone mai sub kuch accha hai
Nice mobile and on time delivery by Amazon..TQ
Battery is very good Camera quality is ok
Nice product. Worth for money. Thanks Amazon.
nice mobile with nice features and nice price
Awsome phone with good battery performance...
Nice product, prompt delivery ...no complains
Good phone from Lenovo on the low price range
meets all expectation within the price range
I am very disappointed from your service. delivery was too late and there is not any stamp on guaranty card. also phone is not working well especially battery. mentioned that battery is of 3000 mah but not giving me more than one day usage hardly. sometimes screen got blank automatically. hence in my opinion waste for money.
Dont hesitate to buy best one in this range
Best phone ... Battery backup is awesome!!!
Its a nice phone and delivery was on time.
Excellent phone. Love everything about it.
Happy with the product and amazon service.
Ordered it second time.... Good phone ...
Good Mobile And All Applications are good
Good product...n excellent amazon service
Good if compared with budget and hardware
nice one working good,one month was over.
Great phone to have in such a Price......
Awesome phone... Preffered it over MotoG
Excellent battery backup and every thing
very nice phone ,very good battery life.
excellent mobile features..worth buy...
Amazing Phone and its battery backup...
good battery and stable in performance
Best battery back up. Value for money.
nice mobile...awesome look in low cost
good batry but problem with whatsapp .
very good phone at reasonable price...
Nice mobile battery back up very nice
Solid battery backup & first browsing
Battery life not good...rest all good
Good phone with long lasting battery
Gud looking Gud Battery backupp
Good Original product...working well
Good Product. It's battery is great.
Phone is good but Camera is not good
gift to my nephew she is enjoying it
nice phone and good delivery channel
Good phone..in a compitative market.
Its good product and dilvery is fast
but couriar servies is very very bad
A great configuration for the price.
Good phone works fine . ......
cost is very high comapre to market
VERY NICE MOBILE WITH GOOD BATTERY.
Nice features in the price range...
Superb mobile. Good battery back up
Best phone but user interface wrost
First 10 days worked like magic...but after that it starts rebooting on its own...and the response time of the software is slow...some ridiculous games are pre- loaded..worth nothing ..go ahead and delete it first up to free up RAM.
My emi details of the smart phone
purchase more products, any offer
start automatic dialing sometimes
Nice phone. Full value for money.
excellent phone and good battery
Great mobile its value for money
Worth for money... Camera is ok
Really good phone iam impressed
Superb quality, Worth for Money
It's amazing and fast too....... And having 8gb internal memory itz worth more than its price.....:-) loving it..... With no regret
I bought this phone as a birthday gift for my brother. I got it delivered on 3rd day after the order was placed. Amazing delivery speed. Good packaging. I got a good discount on Amazon.in. The things that I don't like about Amazon.in is that the price keeps on changing and we as customers feel cheated when the price drops just after 1 day of purchase. Regarding the product, It is a good phone. No lagging, No heating issues. The only thing bad about the phone is the front VGA camera. It is really pathetic. Rest all is good with the phone. At this price, if you are looking for a branded phone then it is a good option. I would have given 5 starts if the front camera was better.
Genuine product...nice packing
Nice phone in the price range.
hi is best handset of my life
very nice Phone i am sarified
Lenovo s660....Love u...:-* offering such an awesome phone in such a price is great.. unbelievable....!!!! And the Magic back cover a surpeise gift by lenovo...:-) Am very proud of my choice...The best decision was to choose this model.. (Using since 4 months) Pros: -->Super battery life... 3000 mah battery...:-*(Though it drains faster from 100 to 85... from 85 to 0 it works super...) u can go a whole 1 and half day with music,internt on,watsapping, moderate browsing. --> takes very less time to charge the battery -->Look wise good..:-) u ll love the metallic finished back panel... -->Very large screen.. -->Magic cover Lovely.. -->fast touch response -->No Lag till now....(will update the performance after few days of usage) -->Lenovo's built inapps -->3g data can be activated in both the sims.. --> large internal memory for installing apps..:-) Cons: -->no inbuilt apps launcher, soo apps ll be present on the home screes like apple, u ll find it handy in a way..:-P not a cons if seen that way. But for persons who have used samsung previously wld need a week or two to operate without the app button.Optionally u can install any of the app launchers..u can find plenty. Just dont think twice.. go buy this phone..:-) just awesome..
Best deal n delivery on time
The best compared to HTC 616
Good phone in this range 10k
Good product value for maony
Awesome mobile in less cost
Good features for best cost
Very good product I like it
Amazing phone... Go for it
Good purchased from Amazon
Cheap prroduct from Lenovo
Very good mobile as of now
beautiful piece of gadget
Good mobile in this range
this phone awesome,superb
A budget alrounder phone.
Nice Item. It's so good.
god phone bhi log awsome
good shoping with amazon
i got what it meant for.
Good
Good
Good
Really very nice device
Best Seller Best Mobile
this very good and fast
Very bad heating issue
Head phone not working
It's a good one to use
Good ph for the budget
Good..value for money
NOT SO GOOD OR BAD...
more than expectation
perfect phone in perf
I ordered this phone 2weeks back as the specifications and the pice suited my budget but it was only later I realized that one of the sim card slots was defective.on contacting the lenovo service centre I was informed that defect would not be repaired free of cost as it was not covered under warranty and I was supposed to pay up 7.3k for changing the mother board.finally on contacting amazon they said they can't replace it but they would initiate a return/refund........it's almost a week and the refund is still not initiated.god knows when would I get out this mess............I wish lenovo had better service providers and not tried cheating customers online with defective products......
This product is good
awesome.works well.
It works realy good
best battery backup
Its very good deal.
good one- go ahead
Verry nice phonem
good battery life.
Very Good Android Smart Phone.It is very useful and 100% supported for gaming....I love it
super performance
Touch pad problem
Best Lenovo phone
very nice product
Ramaswamy.v.yadav
Good Phone to use
i love this phone
Nice budget phone
Not a good mobile
Good battery life
I m satisfied :)
FULL POWER PHONE
excellent mobile
very good mobile
Good Product :)
Very good phone
Worth for money
excellent phone
Excellent Phone
Good smartphone
Nice Mobile....
Good to own one
Superb working
Very good one.
waste of money
V good product
nice phone...
Cheap product
good product
Nice product
good product
The battery drained really quickly from 100 to 80%. By the end of 3/4 th of the day, it needed a recharge. It was worse than 2200 miah battery of Samsung. I was very disappointed with the product. Also there is no replacement policy online. It was a big disappointment. Thankfully the issues started within 10 days of me buying the phone so I could return it.
lenovo s660 is a budget smart phone with excellent specs. only cons are the hard ear piece headset that never fits, front vga cam. if you are not a selfie addict, you can buy this phone and use some samsung headset. Although os is android 4.2.2 , upgradation is now available to kitkat4.4.2 after which the earlier battery performance is boosted.
good mobile
good mobile
Nice phone.
Very useful
Good phone.
Nice phone
VERY GOOD,
Satisfied.
Good phone
Nice phone
Very good.
Best mobile for a full day battery backup. And camera and speed of the mobile is amazing. At this price it is a very good deal value for money. I want to pay thanks to Lenovo for such a nice battery backup. there is no need of Powerbank if you are having this mobile in your hand.
Good phon
Satisfied
excellent
excellent
Excellent
Very nice
very good
Excellent
Excellent
Nice.....
Worst Quality of phone ever used
the best
nice one
BEST BUY
Good One
Phone has come with a good case with gold colour.Its been 3wks I got this phone n till date no complaints. Good phone to look for.Camera is not that great but apart from that I would recommend this phone.
Probably the best thing i ordered. The performance is awesum and by downloading the proper apps. its the best piece of hardware at this rate. I bought it at Rs 8300 and the camera is just awesum.
Not bad
is good
Exelent
Great deal at an affordable price.....happy with the performance....looks good and sleek.... The back stand which was given along with set for free is of great convenience.
Nice 1
Thanks to amazon,i got lenovoS660 5days after booking i am using that phone for last 3 weeks product is good looking camera is okay.
I was suppose to get a phone with 8GB internal memory .. Guess what I just recieved a phone with 5GB internal memory.. Terrible!!
Super
GOOD.
This phone gives out more heat in continuous usage. Battery stands only for 9 hours max. Dont buy, better go for Moto.
cheap matelial and screen is not good finally worst mobile so better to exit from this and price also too high
i am not satisfied your Mobile Description I Mean Battery Life is Not Good...Your Manton in Not Right...
Good
Good
good
Good
Good
good
Best
Good
nice
Good
Best
Good
good
Good
Good
good
Good
BEST
good
Nice
good
Good
1. Battery back reduces after putting 2 sim together 2. Battery backup reduces drastically after 10 - 12 days of usage. 3. Sometimes, when call comes, it doesn't shows on screen. 4. Call log management is worst.
Would have been better if it had gorilla 3 protection like the Asus zenfone 5.
other online purchasing websites giving this product at low price .why amazon is giving for hitgher price..i like this product but for purchase please decrese the price
I just purchase this phone in in 12399/- and with in 3 days its listed 11800/- and now 11300/- .......wht the hell is this ......should we wait for your price stability .......with out an offer u drop price continuely .......phone is superb , excellent battery for 2 days in 2g , screen is crisper and camera quality is awesome ...back cover within the box is also feel good .....no hanging problem with asphalt 8
fne
Battery wont meet to my requirements as compare to other mobiles.
its battery is very bad , it is not behaving like 3000 mh battery
Battery is 3rd class All other features is very good
Great Phone. Superb Battery Life. 100% Worth of Money.
Good product with great features in amazing price
very nice mobile with nice confuguration.....
compare with all mobiles lenovo s660 is good
I m confused. I want purchase new ph.tell m
Ok
Awesome and prompt delivery I Love it
Dear guys, dont buy this because i am taking from my experience. i have been using this lenovo s660 titanium for a week. the camera is not clear, dont have exact 8MP, net is very slow, net is fast only in 90% and above signal. if we have less than 90% signal then its toooooooo slow. Battery is also bad, we get only 13 hours back up if we have normal use. when we use net then it less than 10 hours. So i can say its worst mobile. its made in china, i wonder why amazon promotes such worst mobile. this is really a chine mobile with lenovo case. if you need more explanation you can call me +91 9995861003
Super dailvary amozon
same price.... Averag
I give it 2 star only
Within one month I had to give it to service center. Network Problem started with in 25 days and it got shut down permanently. Now service is so bad that even after 10 days service center is not able to get the parts. Get some good brand phone. This is after all a Chinese phone.
I have taken Lenovo S660 titanium before 15 day ago. After 15 days of using this mobile was immediately off without any physical damage. I kind request to all customer please don't purchase any Lenovo mobile.
Working Fine
nice phone
excellant
It's good
like
gud
