B00KWWPK10
I bought this phone on July 1st, 2014 and speed is good enough as compared to others model ex: Samsung. if you have less then 10K budget then you can easily go for Xolo 1011 and get a 16GB Toshiba Memory Card as well as Liverpool FC Football for free. This smartphone comes with 8MP camera (equal to 5MP of NOKIA cameras), Android KitKat OS, Dual SIM. also they are provided screen guard, flip cover as well....but sim card socket is designed for mini sim...no issues u can cut & put mini sim easily... Note: With this phone I got damaged screen-guard, not able to paste into the mobile screen, I requested 3times amazon folks but amazon didn't replace this.....please be careful about replacement policy with amazon they never help with with these kind of replacement.... Thanks for amazon for marketing such big feature mobile in small prize.
the build quality of the phone is superb! and i played asphalt8,iron man 3 in high graphics mode works without any lag the sound quality is good camera is superb the free toshiba 16gb sdhc card is of class 10 type super fast memory card !!! the accessories build quality is superb! the sim type is micro sim and the phone has non removable battery received free flip cover,scratch guard,otg cable all of them are of super fine quality got the free xolo football, but guess i wont use it that much and the headsets are awesome they are those that do not tangle type (like they are having flat type wires and not round) the usb cable and charger are also of superb quality overall a true masterpiece from xolo !!!!
best phone of all time in 10k price good sound good camera and gaming on this device is great hurrey
Used the phone for a week...The phones gaming performance is good.. pros:1. Screen is awesome.. great touch response. (294 PPi) 2. Camera in low light conditions is average. in sufficient light it is awesome.! Flash is horrible..! 3. Front camera is very good.! 4. Video recording is also good.! 5. Has got a notification LED in the front.! viz gr8..!! 6. Flip cover which comes with the package is of very good Quality.! 7. Browsing speed is good in 2G & 3G.. 8. OTG cable comes with the box. 9. Android V4.4 (Y) 8. Customer care & Packing of Amazon.in is EXCELLENT ! Cons: 1. Connecting to USB sometimes restarts the phone. 2. No screenshot.!! 3. Internal storage is 2GB.!! 4. battery backup is not so good... maybe i am using it a lot.!! only gives 5hrs of backup on full charge & full on Wi-Fi use.! 5. Mobile heats up at the earpiece after 3 hrs of continuous Wi-Fi usage.! NOTE:- No screenshot.! Non removable battery.. So if it hangs.. it restarts(no problem)..! Not many customer service centers all over india.! MY Verdict:- Go for it if you are a careful user..(not many service centers) and want a gaming mobile with more specifications for 10K price range.!
I purchased this phone on July 7th, 2014 . Very fast nd nice packing nd service by Amazon. Phone speed is good enough as compared to others in less then 10K budget. Amazing offer by XOLO and Amazon a 16GB Toshiba Memory Card and Liverpool FC Football free. Also shipped with screen guard, flip cover. I bought white model and its look very attractive with white border on front side with white flip cover. Very slim look and nice screen guard. Phone speed is nice. KitKat os nice widget menu not appeared with main menu it's too good. Battery backup good . overall very nice phone in 10 k. I highly recommended this smartphone.
What can I say, its a great phone. moreover i get a class 10 16 gb memory card, a genuine leather flap, scratch guard, OTG cable & a Liverpool football. A long list really and all of this at 9999. This is just awesome. Not sure why Xolo never advertised this phone. Guys looking for a budget phone, this is the chose for you. The look is great, it is sleek, light & easy to carry. Display is truly HD, high graphic games like Subway surfer, Real Racing run without lag. 16 gb card gives enough space to store all the HD videos that you may shoot. The 8Mp camera is comparable to a 5Mp sony. I also own a Xolo q1000 opus. The performance was really great when new but with time the performance degraded hope q1011 doesnot have this flaw
I am not satisfied with this product. 5-7 times restart in a day. Xolo care service is not good. so many times call to customer care. but no reply and i send the sms to given number. but not response from xolo care. Amazon service is good.
I had recently ordered XOLO Q1011 for my colleague since I myself use XOLO Q1000 Opus which is a feast to my eyes. XOLO Q1011 is an excellent product which comes with Android v4.4 (KitKat) OS, 5-inch HD IPS Touchscreen, Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB, 8 MP Primary Camera (which actually rocks!), 1.3 GHz MTK 6582 Quad Core Processor (again a positive point), 2 MP Secondary Camera (better than the secondary cameras of Sony Xperia and Samsung), Wi-Fi and Dual SIM (GSM + GSM).Good Battery Backup and excellent performance. On ordering from Amazon, my friend received a 16 GB micro SD card, a Liverpool Stamping football, ORIGINAL leather flip cover and ORIGINAL scratch guard absolutely free. I recommend you to go for this product without any hesitation. I am damn sure Samsung will take more than 20K for this same product.
good phone of all time in this range, very clear sound, camera and touch sense on this device great. great gadget.
Phone is slim.. camera is good.. 4GB internal memory.. bettery is unremovable... mini sim support... charger+ Handset+ Flip cover+ screengaurd+ 16GB memory card + football
I simply hate this phone... I don't know which file is missing which is required to sync Google contacts. And I can't even save contacts online as I can't add my account... Crap... Totally unhappy
at the given price range it contains all the major features of premium smartphones. in addition that a 16 GB micro SD card. However, don't expect anything for the Football coming with it, it is always delivered punctured doesn't matter whether it is of Liverpool or Madrid. and if you want to exchange the football or claim for the damage the whole package needs to be returned.
I am using the the phone since Aug. Though the look and build is OK, I found following issuesnwhich were not responded by the device supplier.in spite of several reminders. They have no interest for customer. I do not find user manuel to use the phone with all the features. This is cheating. Following are the issues. 1. Receivers always complaining the breaking voice or very low voice. This is wrto the office where I use the phone which was no issue for other phones. 2. Vibration is very week and I never feel vibration in pocket unless I am indoors. 3. Battery status indication displays incorrect. After showing about 60% charge suddenly it goes up to 90% or higher then keep falling to say 60% then suddenly goes to 2% or so. 3. Over all reception is bad and ringer volume also bad. 4. I do not find option for meeting audio profile with time setting. 5. Last week all of a sudden the ringer and all other sound alerts are stopped. I have to get the hard ware replaced. Not happy about the product.
XOLO Q1011 is really a good mobile phone. I've ordered it on 27th and got it on 29th June. Thanks amazon for Jet fast delivery. Now, about the device(Q1011), its really a good device with descent hardware and premium looks. Battery backup is really a point to be mentioned here. Definitely, lasts very long and has a long-long standby time. I've compared it with Samsung galaxy S3, on AnTuTu benchmark, and results were surprisingly good for xolo Q1011. Performance wise, it nearly equals the S3 as per the AnTuTu results. Actually, S3 is lil superior than this device, but S3 still costs you 20000 rs/- approx, whereas, this device is 9999 rs/- only (half than S3). Hence, guys planning to buy mobile under 10k, ( With latest kitkat os., 1gb RAM, 8mp cam and a 1.3 GHz quad core processor) can definitely buy this phone, as its the best out there in this price segment. Not even a single phone cracks this phone in any respect in this budget segment. The two cons of this phone are : 1) It has really low inbuilt memory 4GB(Should have been at least 8GB) 2) It has a non-removable battery.( Not a prob. so far) Many pros are : 1) It is having good rear cam with BSI sensors( Front camera is also good) 2) Screen is a visual treat 3) Really really improved battery backup ( May be coz of Li-polymer) 4) Enough of RAM remains free always so it delivers a lag free performance always, may be coz of kitkat os(as i am a hardcore gamer and always have lots of apps installed on my phone, hence mentioned). All in1, a great phone for people having budget under 10K (XOLO Q1011).
I Got this phone on 3rd July.It has great features Which none other phone gives under 10K and better than Sony and Samsung.The Features Are Listed Below:- 1. 5 inch IPS QHD Display(194 PPI) 2. 1GB RAM 3. 1.3 GHZ Quad core 4. 8 MP Camera With BSI sensor and 2 MP Front 5. Comes With Latest Android version 4.4. kitkat 6. 2250 Li-Polymer Battery which gives more Battery Backup And Non-Removable Battery is gud option. This option coming other smartphone also like htc,motorola,etc. Overall It works with great speed,Speaker quality is good,Display is truly HD,Camera quality is good,Phone is Slim easy To carry and has attractive design,It has OTG Support Which is Not seen in most of the smart phones and I played Asphalt 8,Iron man 3 in High Graphics mode works without any Lag. You can easily go for Xolo 1011 and get a 16GB Toshiba Memory Card as well as Liverpool FC Football for FREE Also they are provide screen guard, Flip cover as well. I highly recommended this smartphone !!!!! Hurry And get Gifts Which is Available for only first 3000 customers. Thanks for amazon for marketing such big feature mobile in small prize.
I have contacted service centres & xolo care in hyderabad multiple times, tryied multiple times with all the settings... no luck.. could not sync contacts with gmail contacts..Any suggestions please help,... There is a glitch in software of this phone. Even the contact centre people tried no luck and no software update from xolo
very good mobile with good features. value for money. lots of features and slim looking mobile. must buy xolo Q1011
1st i want to thank you to your courier service that they delivered it on right time. The experience with the mobile is very good. The display is very good and smooths. Battery is so nice. And the camera is best of the best. Thank you xolo and amazon.
Really awesome and amazing product from XOLO so far as the cost factor is concerned. all the accessories inside the packet are of good quality. No lags, slim in design, good speed, excellent battery backup, latest android OS built in, reasonably well internet speed along with affordable price make such smartphone more versatile and even more user friendly rather than branded like samsung,nokia, sony etc. I would also very much thankful especially to Amazon for facilitating the product to my doorstep within 3 days of my order maintaining tremendous packing quality. I acquired such product on 17/07/2014 with some magnificent offers associated with it. Hence I ranked it with five Stars.
I have been using this phone about 3 months Till now I haven't faced any troubles. pros: large screen(HD). Good 8MP camera with HDR. very smooth. good performance. excellent sound clarity not loudness. OTG supported. almost all features are supported. Android kikat OS. low price. budget phone. cons: only 0.89GB internal memory is usable which again reduced with build-in apps which seem to be insufficient but maintained. more weight. image stabilization is poor. battery backup is not up to mark. speaker volume bit low ear phones are wrost. non-removable battery.
Awesome product.......Camera is good,Display is fantastic,Games are running smoothly,Battery is also quite good.Overall satisfied with the product............ Phone is highly recommended
I face a big problem with this. Within 15 days there are lines on display but amazon refused to take the phone. and xolo care take the phone for repare but change the phone with a second hand xolo q 1000 opus.
I love this phone. I got it within 4 days. Good build, good quality, good performance. In 10K its 100% perfect phone in the market. Ear phone quality is nt that much good. Except that everything well.
I understand that overall feature are good but one draback is un removal battery.if any problem Is occurred in battery then what will be the solution
1.excellent IPS HD screen with great viewing angles 2.good sound...they provided excellent headset. 3.otg...this feature is offered by very few...u can directly connect ur pendrive and share files or watch movies...they supplied OTG cable also. 4.important thing is both sims support 3g..I too don't know it b4 buying...I don't know y Xolo is nt hilighting it. 5.decent 2 mega pixel front rear 8 mega pixel camera 6.can play full HD videos 7.battery gives u around 20 hours talk time 8.free flip cover is provided and a football and 16 GB class 10 memory card 9.excellent net speeds and call quality 10.I played templerun without any lag 11.last but not least...latest android kitakat
Xolo q1011 is very good budget mobile. Very big screen:5inch HD Disply, New kitkat 4.4 android version, 4GB ROM,1GB RAM, Big battery but UNREMOVABLE,New gesture function,very sensetive touch pad with OGS,Flip cover and 16GB Memory card &xolo football free.
Xolo Q1011 is all set to be the game changer in the budget android phones battle. Here are the features and reasons you need to remember this for: RAM Auto focus Camera Speed Touch/Display Superb Build Quality Sexy look Battery Low but sweet sound
I bought this product on June 28 & frnds this phone is superb under 10k. Also the delivery of Amazon is gr8, got It in 4 days. Its looks slim and classy. It works smoothly when playing HD games & videos. Net speed is fine on 3g/2g both. Camera is good rear 8mp & front 2mp. Sound quality is very gd enough. But I am giving this phone 3 star out of 5, becoz of its poor Bty backup & very low application memory (909 mb) only where preinstalled apps are already covered almost 200mb of space.
Display good Battery backup good and no hang problem Good build quality design Good camera Stunning look and feel good
The best phone in its price segment. Big brands costs big. This mobile is fantastic - low budget and great features. Really a boon in disguise.
It has been 3 weeks with the Xolo 1011 now, and so far it has been a great experience. It has everything that one expects from a Smartphone, at half the price. I am not into gaming or movies on phone, so I wouldn;t know how "high-end" it goes, but, otherwise the resolution is sharp, camera is pretty good ( comparable or at times better than my partner's iphone5), and ticks all the right boxes on every count. For 10k, it is worth every paisa!!
Good mobile for multi purpose and I love it. Super picture quality, excellent video calling quality, good looking style, and working smoothly.
Overall Performance is good.I am happy as of now... I am facing only one problem.. while coming to home page... it is taking 3-4 seconds
Excellent prompt and updating regarding the service . it was full to satisfaction. Thank full to amazon and the same service in near future
I brought this handset on 15of july, and Iam happy to say that I had made a right choice.A phone with such specification and such affordable price. I won't mention the specification as they are already mentioned by amazon. I would just say that the phone stand to the words, there r few problem with the accessories as my earplug r not upto the par there is lot of background noise, else this phone is best in this price tag. go for it!!!!!!!
As mentioned above by all customers the phone is an master piece only. A super phone at a low price but only disadvantage is, it can't recieve apps through bluetooth. It can send audio, images, videos through bluetooth and can recieve but not able to recieve apps through bluetooth but we can send apps through bluetooth to other mobiles. And all apps i downloaded from play store its an nice mobile. You can buy it.
Very good and classy look slim - sturdy camera and video - Excellent Powerful flash very good battery lasting 3g speed is good-but not excellent I cant fount direct video calling like Samsung mic,speaker sound-very good no hanging-you can install lot of applications 16 GB class 10 Toshiba card + flip cover + football --etc Free VERY GOOD WORK from XOLO- Thanks --
It is having almost all the latest features I desired. The only problem that I've recognized is storage. Yes, in specs list I've read that internal storage is 4GB of which 1.62GB is available. but the issue is apps are not installed in this 1.62GB . available space for app installation is only 892 MB. which is not sufficient and 1.62 GB remains unused. otherwise the mobile is awesome.
Sirwhich creat shortage inphone memory. Some app. E mail is not working. Many apps. Can not be tranferd to sd card
Good speed,Dispaly is good, good camera, and realy worth to buy in 10K,compared to samsung and other brands it is very good
I was not very confident when purchasing a phone from xolo. . The specs are unmatchable , and the offer was best - free 16GB memory card, flip cover and a football!!! So instantly decided to go for it. Now I am happy that the kit kat phone is performing well. Fast, ease of use, yet to explore full features. But they could have given some preloaded applications.However I recommend this instrument
A Value for Money Product , it is a bit slow but only if you notice it , has a decent battery life , which again depends on your usage , for me lasts for around 5 hours maximum with internet browsing , using social media apps and phone calls. The Camera is decent , not too great but is alright for general usage, as the picture quality is not too great. Overall it is a good value for money deal .
Before discussing about this particular phone let's discuss about Xolo.its an Indian brand which is providing smart phones at affordable price. There are some other Indian brands but I am sure nothing can compete wid Xolo.for example. MMX.so many ppl are comparing this q 1011 with MMX colors....MMX uses cheap spares which consumes battery rapidly...MMX smartphone offer very bad battery backup....but Xolo smartphone offers reasonably good battery back up...coming to review of Xolo q1011... Pros: 1.excellent IPS HD screen with great viewing angles 2.good sound...they provided excellent headset. 3.otg...this feature is offered by very few...u can directly connect ur pendrive and share files or watch movies...they supplied OTG cable also. 4.important thing is both sims support 3g..I too don't know it b4 buying...I don't know y Xolo is nt hilighting it. 5.decent 2 mega pixel front rear 8 mega pixel camera 6.can play full HD videos 7.battery gives u around 20 hours talk time 8.free flip cover is provided and a football and 16 GB class 10 memory card 9.excellent net speeds and call quality 10.I played templerun without any lag 11.last but not least...latest android kitakat CONs 1.no gorilla glass 2.slightly heavy(not a big problem)
This phone awesome.amazing speed and perfomance..One should buy this phone.If we are looking for a phone under Rs 10K, go for it and buy now.very nice to use easy one..Totally love it, :) this is surprised me that "Why Xolo do not advertise of their products ?...However this is feb. Smartphone moreover Purchase policy and Service of Amazon.in is Really appreciable. Thanks
The scratch card I received has got a scratch in the middle I thought it was on the outer sticker but when I pasted it, the scratch was elevated with a bigger air bubble.It looks so bad in the screen.Can I get another scratch card for my xolo Q1011? I am also ready to pay for it. If you can make any favour, please contact to my email ID:karthick.rajan.pondy@gmail.com
Really a fantastic mobile phone in an affordable price. Thanx. I will give it all the 5 Stars. VK Pandit.
Nice phone battery last for 22 hrs at normal use games & vedio runs well camera quality is above expected
using this phone since last three months - good packing and shipping by Amazon -very happy with freebies along with this like football,( my son is delighted much ), memory card, screen guard, otg cable, leather flip cover etc all are working at my expectations - positives regarding phone are wi-fi is good with connectivity, camera,etc
I haven't got headset with phone what to do ? Help me I want headset if I get headset I will 5 start
XOLO Q1011 is good choice at this price range. But now many more phone are in the competition with it like Asus Zen phone 5 with same specifications and 2gb ram. Nov the price of Moto G has been also slash down. But XOLO Q1011 again a good choice in this price range. Overall performance is up to the mark. Design is remarkable.
Phone is pretty good. Was using q1010i before this. KitKat works well on this one. Though the brightness can't be reduced too much, which does consume too much battery, it still works OK if charged everyday. Got the phone insured as soon as I got it delivered. Amazon's service was very good.
Good packaging and delivery, thank you Amazon, phone is good in this 10 K price range and with this i have got some free items like 16GB SD card,Liverpool football,flip cover and screen guard it's amazing, but I don't satisfied from camera,battery backup and sound it's OK, otherwise good phone go for it.
Xolo Q1011 has feature of battery: 2250mAH lithium-polymer battery providing talk-time of 26 hours on 2G, 13 hours on 3G, standby time of 550 hours on 2G and 509 hours on 3G networks But it shows Lithium-Ion battery in display and it shows 17 hours of talk time on 2G.
I liked it @ tym of purchase bcz it ws a Budget fon vth in 10 k Bt as usual Xolo is hving a Hardware Prob as my Volume Key ws nt wrkin Properly so I gt bck my Money by Returning it...... Over all d one week i operated fon , d Performance ws Gud Enough as per my Budget....
I bought this on jly 1st after using 15 days ,it lacking on 2thing one s abt battery taking time up to 4 hrs bt drying faster in 5hrs use ,2nd s it unable to receive apps from others via Bluetooth .......................4that I'm going 2 service centre .........bt still I like this mob
poor battery backup and automatically switches off dont buy any xolo product
Look is awsome gud processing meet my expectation but battery Life is just suck me not a normal day when fully charged with basic uses.camera is just like 2,3 mega pixel doesant satisfy with camera quality when it have 8mp.overall just a average phone after using from last 20 days.
This product has reached above my expectations. Especially the battery condition is exceptionally good. Fast working and very responsive. Very satisfied with the Camera clarity. Overall a great product m enjoying it. And yes thank you amazon for shipping this to me on time.
Great phone for the price. Camera is decent. Android Kitkat is great. Comes with a very good quality filp cover, screen guard, 16 GB memory card and a Liverpool FC football. Battery is decent. The only problem is low internal memory. But overall it is great value for money.
Its a really remarkable device.. Been using it since 3 months or so.. The set never hangs or shuts down by itself. The RAM is nice, Camera Quality is Awesome for a 8 MP Camera. Problems : No MODs, No External Battery ( Battery fixed in the phone ).
No dedicated Google Play store button No separate menu to adjust ring tones. You can only set a music as ring tone. Battery seems to dry soon. Not comparable with Xolo Q800 (which is a fantastic mobile till date) except for the screen size.
This phone is a steal at its price. At first I was skeptical about buying a phone with Intel processor but then this one stands out with regards to performance, battery, screen size, camera, etc etc and the best part is all this at just around 10k !!.
Exceptionally good performance for this price. The phone fares well in most performance benchmarking software. The case is of good quality and the white color blends beautifully with the silver frame of the phone. 5/5 for looks. 4/5 for performance.
This is my daughters comment: i love it. but for people used to samsung and nokia. it takes some serious getting used to. photos are good. the ringing tones are a bit muted, so likely to miss calls, especially in crowded noisy surroundings
Excellent item. This time I received the item in perfect condition, no defect. As I expected the fault is with the previous phone I brought from the same seller was defective, But this time the best phone I've ever used. Super..
Very good and classy look slim camera and video - Excellent Powerful flash very good battery lasting 3g speed is excellent speaker sound-very good no hanging-you can install lot of applications
This is perfect specification with best performance for our budget (10000). By compare samsung, sony, micromax, xolo as within the bubget, XOLO Q1011 is the best. and Amazon give the best service and deliver faster.
performance is good and perfect for gaming... but sometimes sound key is not working properly. If the phone shut down due to battery discharge then its ringtone volume goes to very low which anyone can't hear.
This is how it should be. Everything bundled into the box - Scratch Guard, Flip Cover, etc. No need to buy any other accessories. The Hardware is Excellent and works pretty good. What more can one ask for at this price.
Camera quality is less when compare to samsung 8 MP.Front camera is better.Overall performance is okay.Some time phone get hanged we have to wait untill it became in normal condition.Because battery is non removable.
the prosocer is good not eng memory to dowlode aplication only 1.5 gb ram is good, camera is good but every time the music and photo is mising from gallery when ever mobile should restat but you see in file mannger
Powerfull battery; with moderate use it can power ur decice for 2 days. Xolo power management tool is awesome. Come with quality headphone and full leather case ( leather on front and back side ).
performance is very good in terms of battery and processor speed. only GPS is not working offline so can not use as navigator. technical specification says it has GPS but it needs internet connection.
Received this product today with all the freebies. This a cool phone but I am skeptical as it is made in China. Amazon should mention on the site that it takes only Micro SIM and comes with a Fixed Battery. The only that I did not like about this is the very thin and flimsy back cover. I am worried that it might break if I put it on my tight jeans. Also, the charger pins are too thin. Need to adjust till picks the points for charging. Camera is too good.
Nice phone with awesome configuration, latest android and comes with couple of freebies(16gb sd card and a Liverpool football). It's a first time buy of xolo phone and no issues.
All the high end games work on the phone flawlessly -ppsspp -GTA san andreas -Asphalt 8 touch screen camera design all good over all a masterpiece by xolo great job!!
If u are considering to buy this phone and no reviews availaible online , then please buy this phone as i am using it for 15 days without any sort of lag in high end games and with a perfect resolution and a good UI ... A smart phone with smart features
Nice product..this is higher version with good configuration.product also working excellent.it's android kik-kat version with 1 GB RAM and 8 GB internal storage.
Device is okay,Camera is okay, apps one should download after receiving, adopter is getting heating, display is okay. but big question is battery replacement, it is attached to phone.Local service CREW telling "USE AND THROUGH. ZOLO SHOULD GIVE GUARANTEE ; METHOD/TECHNIQUE FOR REPLACING/CHANGING BATTERY. THIS IS BIG ISSUE. EVEN THOUGH BATTERY IS 2250MV , BUT IT IS DISCHARGING THICK AND FASR.. INTERNET /ANDRIOD FUNCTION IS OKAY AND SMOOTH. 2G/3G FUNCTION IS MISSING?. , BUT BATTERY REPLACEMENT, CHANGING/ REPAIRING IS BIG QUESTION. ZOLO OFFICIAL SHOULD COMMENT ON THIS.
I have been using the Xolo A500s from last 10 Months. Its pretty cool good experience with my mobile. And i didn't see any problem with my phone as of today. I recommend the Xolo phones which are Indian made.
We have a mmicromax canvas HD with same specs. Both work the same. There is no hanging problem in games or internet. There is no network or wifi signal connectivity problem. Maybe people do not know how to configure android properly with a 16 gb class 10 UHS 1 card. Not much of customisation done to the OS ..... that's good. Kitkat has got a few improvement from previous versions and it's preloaded ...... Not an upgrade. Swipe keyboard is missing though.The heavy weight is due to the metallic body which also gives it a premium look.The football will ensure some fitness despite being busy texting with the new phone. I migrated from Samsung with Bada OS to xolo 1011 with android...... Transferred all contacts through Bluetooth... Why the hell should you type again. I can not comment on the reliability of hardware, but do not buy it if you have a field job. For a home or desk job the battery can be recharged.
Within the budget, it got some good specs. looks nice screen clarity was good. sound also good. (I rooted this device to install more apps in sd card since phone memory was low) camera is OK, not bad. Overall i'm satisfied with this phone. Shipping time and package was excellent, kudos to the seller.
Using since last 1 month and I am very much satisfied. The primary camera is decent and the front camera is also very good. Performance is also great. This is the best phone at 10000 price tag.
some time its behave abnormally.. like 1. Volume rocker up button does not working..after restarting its works normally. 2. short-kart's become invisible..is solve after restating .
good phone, but internal storage is only 4gb, still you can install most of the software in sd card. Not happy with scratch guard and screen is not with gorilla glass/asahi dragontrail.
Hi its a v nice smart phone with v good cam , inbult battery , micro sim , nice display ,easy to handle , having v nice battery backup ,HD display, overall its best in this prise range .
Got this mobile few days back and have been using it. The experience with is awesome. The phone is very good looking, fast with no lags whatsoever. Particularly camera is very good.
I bought it one month back...Features are very good especially internet with airtel is awesome. Only the camera features somewhat Ok. Oterwise it s the best mobile i ve ever had.
Its a super phone for rs.10000 budget... ->super performance ->best display result ->battery work very well (2days backup) thanks...
Very good Cell. For a 10K budget the configuration is quite good I had a XOLO Q800 - used for 1.5 years. With that exprience I have opted for XOLO Q1011. Its also fantastic.
good picture and sound quality. bottom hard keys could have light display for identification. good finish and light weight. recommended for youth...
Very happy with the battery life and the xolo power management . It's nice slim and weighs light for its size only issue is the internal memory but no complains !!
I got this phone on 10th July, i have tested it for 2-3 days, everything was good in phone but it was defective. The network was not showing when i inserted the sim, i tried in both sim slots. The same sim was working in my Samsung phone. I visited to XOLO's service center and they confirmed that there is some problem in phone... so returned back it to amazon. I would like to say that Amazon's service is very good, i got my refund in 5 hours. Very super fast service. I would like to give five stars for amazon's service.
Excellent..! Worth to buy..no problem till now..no hanging n overheating problem while playing games..good battery performance.! Best price..amazing HD display
It is a good phone overall, but i am not able to send/receive the files through bluetooth to my HTC device from xolo. Xolo is not recognizing HTC device.
Good phone, meet my requirements. Some time it is dialing some last dialled numbers, I dont think it is the problem of phone, suspect the problem of Kit-Kat.
the phone is good, but after two months the mic was not working. gave to service center and got it after a month. the after sale service is worst of xolo
It is one of best product available in the market. Move with whole new world of enjoyment. Grab new technology in reasonable price. Eligible for 5 star.
because amazing price it contains andriod 4.4 kitkat os, but battery working strength is too weaken battery removing facility is not good
Gud performance but battery sometimes makes trouble not gettin charged properly.. Rather performance wise chance less..graphics support is wel and gud..
reasonable price.. got some battery problem while charging. it get charged quickly in 5-10 mins and goes down again fast.. others its good..!
Set is Good Looking Cool but one of the feature that battery doesnot come out of the handset it must be clear before buying hence i like the set
I'll highly recommend to this product. It's a great deal in this price. Everything is good.. Really great.. Thanks Vinod Malik
Poor Ram you have to choose app.Be ready when to unstall .can not move Google services n face book which enhance theirs size day by day.
why xolo? lets talk about XOLO *Xolo started with the launch of Xolo X900 in April 2012, the world’s first smartphone with Intel processor *Xolo was also the first Indian manufacturer to partner with AMD to launch the Xolo Win Tablet. *Xolo launched the first 4G smartphone in India. *On January 6, 2014, Liverpool FC announced Xolo as its first regional partnership in India. (source from wiki) Why xolo phones? *Xolo has launched many phones in its budject range.in 10k u can choose a wide range of phones in xolo. starting with xolo q700s. *XOLO camera is powered with BSI and CMOS sensors. so u always finds xolo has upper hand when u compared its camera with ohter phones in that price range *design, XOLO is famous for its premium designs in smart phones. they wont look like plastic, xolo gives a premium look to all its phones. *finally u will satisfy with xolo, it wont give a hole to your pocket. XOLO Q1011 specification: 1 5inch ips ogs hd display(1280 x 720 ,294 PPI) 2 MTK 6582 1.3 GHz Quad core processor with 1 GB ram and 4GB rom 3 Graphic core Mali 400 - MP2 with clock speed 500 MHz 4 8 Mp rear camera with BSI senor, and 2 MP front camera 5 the mobile is very think about 8.3mm. 6 it has otg (you can connect pendrive or keyboard or mouse to your mobile) 7 its a dual sim (WCDMA + GSM) 8 sensors: Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor battery: Battery Capacity : 2250 mAh Total Charging Time : up to 2.5 hours you can browser upto 6 hours using 3g and 7hours using wifi video play back time is 6hours talk tike is 25 hours nearly in 2g pros: *best mobile in 10k price. *best camera. it has 8MP bsi powered camera, so even in street light picture is good *quad core processor with ANTUTU core 17000, its twice faster compared to moto e. and it nearly equal to MOTO g. *otg, very few mobiles have otg. *front camera is 2mp. for selfies its good *excellent battery life, the new MTK 6582 consumes less power. * hd display * kitkat 4.4 android version * you will get a 16Gb micro sd free(limited period offer) Cons: *xolo service centre is very slow, though xolo is a good phone, service centre takes nearly 20 to 45 days to repair your handset * xolo q1010i is is better option its available for 10800rs in Amazon With Sony Exmor sensor powered camera.
Became a fan of the mobile. Execellent device within10k. Eligible to take on any mobile maker. Recommending xolo over samsung
excellent mobile,fullfils needs at +nt. but q1011 has to proove in future also.price is good in india.i recommand to buyit.
Phone meets expectation however, the phone was getting hanged and had to re boot it. on one occasion it was hung for 30mts.
I m using this phone from last 5 months.... This phone is soooo good... I love it.. N also I love Amazon...
i purchased xolo Q1011 from amazon 20 days back and i m fully satisfied with my phone. At this price best smartphone.
I bought this phone yesterday I really love this mobile at 10k range.go for buy it.you really get astonished .thank u xolo
Mobile is good. I am using 8th day. mobile & features is good but my earphones and camera (at night time) is not working
This is a good phone, play smoothly a ll game but with HD movie play sound is going flash is simple and camera also
This phone is really cool and people who are looking to new one at this rate keep Q1011 as your first choice :) :) :)
Phone is excellent. All free items also good except football. It was defective. Pls. help me to replace the same :(
I liked it very much....but on youtube video lags alot..donno why...any 1 facing this same prob...solution plzzzzz
Amazon service good handset is nice but sound is bit slow and internal memory is only 3 GB other features are good
Very nice smart phone. all applications in this are very reliable and useful.totally I m enjoying with this phone
it is good working, good camera but little low battery, screen gaurd stickiness to be less.overall it is fine ok
Its quite good... But does not meet our expectations... Regarding speed...ram...and surfing..and many more
mobile is good features is also good.. but it has battrey problem its also overheat after use over 1 hour
Not completely satisfactory. Camera is not as described. As i like clicking pictures. Rest all is fine.
super phone at 10K nice touch pad n able to move appli to SD card. Battery is ok not like Micromax
Been using this mobile for 6 weeks. Display, Looks, Performance very good. Recommended for everyone.
Worth to buy. I like the mobile very much. Got gift football and 16gb memory card. You Must buy it.
Good mobile battery back up is good , good picture quality, nice phone this price range.
Product is good but i could not sync my gmail contacts on it in spite of several efforts
Phone is good but inbuilt memory is 4 GB instead of 8gb mention at your website
A good smart phone.but internal phone memory is the short coming in this phone
i am using this last couple of month. it 's working very good.. thanks ..
amazing product from xolo at this range... & thanks to amazon too..
product is too good.But if battery is removable one it will get 5 star.
Brilliant options. Only one handset called xolo. 100% - 5*
After 9 months using xolo q800 with smile the day come to an end..,,touch was non responsive..i know its a device so things may go wrong or stop working(not blaming xolo because "samsung aur sony ke bhi kharaab hote hai even iphone")......went to service center....was happy thinking will get it repaired sooner ...luckily got it after 4 days..touch was working ..but wait,,,,it starting hanging and freezing.....went for the second time and they did some software updATE AND SAID will work now...again happy....after 30 mins after reaching home phone started giving me trouble again....went for 4th time to service center they did the software update and said will not have any issue...but i was not so lucky..problem again started....made fifth visit to the service center and asked them to repaier it or throw it somewhere(though i love it still:), now phone still in service center and as of now no news....altogether wud like to add that phone is no doubt gud but service center or service is bad....because i went for touch issue be resolved but they have given me bucket full of trouble......if anyone there is reading this then pleae please and please for god sake make your service center more sensible to resolve the issue what has been explained....they should be more trained on how to repair these phone....one more thing was about to buy the lava iris x1 but you no what diverted to micromax unite 2..lets see what they have in their kitty..... One thing wud like to say...ek purani saying hai ki bhagwan kisi ko court aur hospital ke chakkar se bachay...mein is saying mein Service center bhi add karna chahta hun....
amazon service is awesome and this prize phone are also very goog
Freebies (Football)was burst very first evening. Phone is fine.
It has fulfilled my expectations. I got true value for money.
The product is OK the main problems is unchangeable battery.
It is working well without any problem. Updates expected
The sound is nt enough....it should me lould
It is a good product and valuable for price
no more xolo. i bought xolo Q800 some 8 month back. now home and back touch are not working. no service center near to my place. i dont know why i again bought another xolo phone Q1011 and the volume key stop to work with in 8 days. these phone dont have life. worst experience with xolo...............................
happy to your return and refound policy...
I bought the xolo after I lost the xolo q800 and was really happy with 800. The new 1011, is nice sleek but gets a little slow and games if disturbed in the middle by a call have to be restarted esp subway surf. The apps are ok but the mob response is slow at times or lag of seconds.at times its faster and sharp.
Good product and fast delivery by Amazon,
the mobile XOLO Q1011 is of not worthy as it doesn't meet my requirement, as the mobile lags in when you try to open games like temple run.and camera quality is of very low , screen sharpness is very low, battery take s more time to get charge, not at all satisfied with the Xolo Q1011
Good working but some 3G problems.....
Very good smart mobile up to the mark.
realy good phone bater buy this phone
Good budget phone with all features.
I love this model.working smoothly.
Purchased in Jul.14. Working well.
I bought this cell last week... Overall nice mobile, sound, camera,gaming xperienice is awsm. Look wise sleek n smart phone... The only prblm i m facing is with the wi fi connectivity.... When I tried to connect aid my router its connected BT after sm time its disconnected and showing obtaining IP address... Same thing happens wen I tried wid my another cell hotspot .... Same prblm persist
q1011 is a dual sim phone? in box accessories ? . . . . . plz comment who brought q1011 from amazon
All Ok speaker sounds very loo
this phone that i purchased is quite good but what it lacks is the internal memory which they have mentioned as 4 GB but it is actually 2 GB but the sound and the speaker are very much low,
nice mobail bet low sound ...
OK, BUT PRICE IS LITTLE HIGH.
Nice mobile at great price.
I am happy with Xolo Q1011
Internal memory very poor
good mobile in cheap price, go for it. Only problem is earphone quality is not that much as expected. 3.5 mm jock sound quality should be increased.
best mobile under 10k
Good value for money
Good in budget.
very nice deal
Okay. Not bad.
It's OK phone
Nice mobile..
Its very nice
5 * rating..
Im satisfied
good & nice
Pros. Display Sound Battery (non removable) Smooth performance OTG cable & Flip cover in box.... free......TOSHIBA 16 gb micro sd card (10 class) free.......liverpool football Cons. heavy weight
nice phone
very good
Good deal
I like it
Very nice
Satisfied
Best one
Excellent for the price Good in performance , clarity and speed Camera is good especially for the video 16 GB card gives good storage!!!
If you are interested only on the features and if you want to throw it after 6 months you can buy it. Reason is most of the Xolo mobiles are getting hardware and battery issues after 6-7 months of usage. Customer support and service will be worst from xolo. If you give a complaint the support people will tell you that they will escalate the problem to higher officials which will not solve your issue. if you move to the service center it will not stop with one visit. It will take weeks and months to get your phone back. I'm one of the customer (sufferer) of Xolo. I've bought a xolo Q700 from amazon. The delivery was fast. The problems with the phone are also fast. I got problem with the battery within 7 months. When i ask them why answer is due to over charging. I've never heard of the over charging problem. You can find number of persons facing issue with the battery of Q700. If you are having any doubt click Q700 in amazon and read the reviews. Still if you want to buy a Xolo mobile hope you are ready to throw it off in 6 months..........
Very nice its working very well. Battery back is too good it is amazing. Video calling & data speed nice
Today I have purchase XOLO Q1011 but in box headphone is not available . And Mobile sound is not good.
Good
Good
Good
It did not work i had to return it back still waiting for refund will not buy it bad product and service
.
i liked this phone but now this phone become outdated. better phones available now on same prize. xolo please provide better specification. under this prize sagment.
The price is very tempting for a configuration they are selling. Did some quick check on various blogs and friends who already own xolo phone. All of the same opinion very poor after sales service , not reliable hardware , at best will last for 6-9 months.
