B00KGWK6L0
I have been using HTC Wildfire S from 2011 and finally purchased this on Diwali dhamaka Offer - Listed price was Rs.10000 (it has come down to 8k now) and I got it for 7k. Pros: 1. Display - Amazing 2. Call clarity - Good 3. Speaker - Good 4. Battery Life - I charge once ever 2 days on nominal use - Call and browsing 5. Weight - Extremely less and slim 6. Primary Camera - 8MP, very good 7. Secondary Camera - 5MP, very good 8. LED Flash - Yet to try 9. Internet Connectivity - WiFi and 3G very good 10. Performance - Good Cons: 1. Screen gets smudged with fingerprint very easily 2. Volume and screen lock keys are shaky (working properly but shaky) 3. After using smaller phones, very easy to drop. Need to get pouch or flip cover Overall: After using HTC Wildfire S, I was thinking of upgrading to a better mobile with HD display and stuff. Glad I bumped into this during Diwali Dhamaka sale and got exactly (or even more than) what I wanted! UPDATE: One of my friends pointed out something blue in the bottom right corner of the display. Also unable to change display settings as it keeps crashing. Returning the item! UPDATE: I entered a return pickup request and the courier person came on time as requested and the item was returned. The amount has also been credited very quickly! No hassles as advertised! Amazon rocks!
Nice phone for me .I purchase this on four months ago.It offer a perfect 5mp front camera for selfie. It is not much suitable for gaming.Back camera is lag somerimes in room conditions. Very good display and light weight also a thin phone. Only disadvantage is that it is heat up fastly(not suitable for higher game because of heating ,but perfommence is perfect) 1.3 ghz processor suitable for this phone.1800mah battery is good,continous working for 4-6 hours by using net.
Hello fellow buyers hope my review helps you in purchase.Read Carefully :) First of All i would like to thank Amazon India for the lovely Appiness day It was truly amazing hope to see such days more often and secondly for the delivery time u guys are spot On Coming to Review. It is a good device but i got one with two issues 1>The most common issue is screen bleeding (the blue spot or line under the screen at bottom) tried my best to get rid of the defect myself called up Micromax DID NOT HELP. They are WORST at Customer Service.They flood the market and forget customer satisfaction and support for faulty units. If you have one best is to get it returned asap and buy new set hope you will get non bleeding screen. 2>The battery is actually 1000mah thats what 3 diffrent tests confirmed.It supposed to be 1800 mah. Again Micromax Did not help and Asked me to callup Cloudtail the seller. What i liked about Device -light weight. the reason why i bought it and 4.7inch screen seems to work for me -Front Cam -Colours and screen (minus the defect) Dislike: rear Camera is just average not even good Battery is Pathetic( does not last 4 hours on 3g video call) No Kitkat update. MICROMAX THE WORST Chinese Reseller in INDIA,I have heard the same for Xolo and Karbonn. Buy these brands at your risk.I am at a loss as i invested in premium glass screen guard and cover. after so many days of no help from micromax ,sadly I have Initiated Return and i will buy it once again. will update soon.
Wow what a product. This was best phone in such less price. The best part of the phone is camera. I compared its camera with grand 2. This got the better camera. Some time it may get lag due to heat, if over used.
In most cases, there are two categories in smartphones- the below 10000 range and the above 17000 range, with a marked difference in their features. However, this one falls somewhere in between, and in fact, might just be on the better side of things with the super-sleek stylish look, lightweight(with in-built battery) and 4.7 inch size. Good battery life too. Maybe not good enough for a 15000mrp purchase, but surely perfect for a reduced deal(as i got it for just 6711/- on the amazon appiness day on 11/11/14). Also, one more thing to be noted, is that the back colour is GREY, and not WHITE, but thats not much of a worry, as it is a negligible problem with a back cover or flip cover most likely to be used. Overall, an excellent phone if within 12000, and of course with Micromax, there are not many doubts.
its good, working smooth, gaming is good, very light weight, but battery backup is low, primary camera is not so good.
battry backup is very low and continous hanging up then self power recycle in few minute awaiting this time do not work power switch price is very high and performens is very low..
Mobile goes blank when call is made from my end. Needs to be restarted. Amazon has passed on the buck to Micromax who have asked me to get in touch with a service center.
I got this product from Amazon on 1/12/14 ,two days after placing the order. Quick delivery with nice packing. I wanted to gift first android phone to my younger brother(currently using nokia lumia520 ).Now coming to phone, an excellent product from Micromax featuring all necessities required for moderate use. I wanted a good looking multi-tasking phone with a good camera and ample of storage and this phone offers everything of my need. Some pros anf cons after using it for 10 days Pros: 1.stylish look and good build material. 2. Slim and lightweight 3. Good display quality with ultimate picture quality 4. Very good front facing camera and moderate rear camera. 5. Apps tranferable to external storage 6. Fine touch without any lag. 7. Truly multitasking with no complaint. Cons: 1. Non removable battery 2. Less ROM (other cheaper Micromax come with 8 GB while it only has 4gb) 3. Troublesome second Sim slot.
I am very happy with the product....micromax giving such config phones at such prices....whereas samsung giving it for exhorbitant prices....full aluminium body....full hd display....and camera clarity is way tooo good....front camera also good.... i am a little unhappy with the UI micromax gives with it....had to install golauncher for changing ui theme... otherwise i would have given a 5star for the product... and i am very unhappy with the courier service.....i was tracking my product with tracking id....i was at home.....on tracking it showed that it will be delivered on that day....suddenly it showed in tracking that THE PRODUCT HAS BEEN REJECTED BY PURCHASER.....wat the hell....i stayed at home for product to be received.... i have made the complaint but no one cares....the amazon and the blue dart....both are still looking into the matter....!!!
I bought this mobile in offer period at around 6700 + 10% cash back offer. The deal is too good! All the features looks fine to me. Only con's i found is it still comes with Android 4.4.2 version(Jelly Bean) and no free upgrade to latest version. I am satisfied with camera too. Selfie is too good which comes with 5MP.
Another extraordinary piece from Micromax at an extraordinary price tag from Amazon.in. A breif review: Pros: 1) HD IPS display with 1280x720p screen resolution with 320ppi(pixels per inch) in simple terms, a decent rather mind blowing display. 2) 1 GB RAM & 4 GB ROM with approx 1 Gb of app storage and 1.61 Gb for general storage. 3) 1.3 Ghz Quad core processor. 4) Not lagging at all. 5) Even if 1800 mAh battery appears to be small, yet it gives nice battery backup of atleast one day with continuous net on. 6) 8 MP rear with auto-focus & 5 MP front with fixed focus camera with Flash. 7) People using other micromax phones would be disappointed with its flash but believe me the flash of this phone is EXCELLENT. It gives tough competition to Samsung phones. 8) For a detailed review can visit youtube. 9) Nice customized GUI. 10) All accessories are WHITE for a WHITE phone dnt know about BLACK Cons: 1) Provide Jellybean 4.2.2, but KIt-kat would have added more flavour.
A lightweight like a cotton smartphone with a fabulous 8mp camera best quality by MMX. Go for it. But you messed up by there is no battery in it because it possess only about 100 grams. Stunning finish. What i said only 'It's a smartphone'.
The product is nice but only problem is hanging, it hangs 3-4 times a day and since its battery not removeable you will have to wait of auto reboot that take some minutes. otherwise cool phone, front camera is awesome.
Without battery, turbomini is excelent, camera, processor, screen and weight are awsome. & & & Curier is too much slow
I bought this phone for Rs.6711/- in an offer and i received it in 4 days time in a beautiful packing. This is my first smart phone which i feel as an affordable one at this price. The screen resolution and both the cams are awesome. Battery back up is for one day. The phone is very light weight and easy to carry. The people who are using smart phones for long time may not totally satisfy with the features but for the people new to smart phone and for the people who want to buy mobile at this price will feel this as a worthy phone. My suggestion is go for it....
MIcromax canvas turbo mini is awesome phone in each and every category but lacks Stronger Battery. batery is non removable 1800 mAH, so backup is less.It can not even sustain a full day. Service offered by Amazon is great.Awesome service as phone was delivered in much before as expected.
The phone is too good.. The specs are awesome.. Only the music player is not that good but that can be downloaded from play store.. Overall it is worth the price. i am loving it
Perfect choice for girls its very smooth in working though battery is very low in capacity it easily puts it through whole day
Except camera clarity,everything is fine.touch goes smoothly and battery back up is fine, screen resolution is good,and impressive thing is phone weight which is 110gms only.
I got the delivery in 4-5 days. product is good, but just found one problem is that sometimes it get hang, screen looks like the phone is switched off. After an hour or two, it automatically get on. 3-4 days later, again the same situation, cell doesn't switched off. I tried to call my number from another phone & i got the bell ringing. handset seems delicate, i can't assure about what will happen it it fall back anytime. Micromax need to handle this. By moderate use, i need to charge it within 7-8 hours.
where else do u get a 8mp camera Phone for this price. Features are ok .. I am getting a battery back up of two day for normal usages (without major gaming) Camera is awesome in bright day light , not so well in dim-light even with flash (I think it is general to any camera phone) Overall a decent phone
t is a good phone for low budget its 5 megapixel camera quite impressive . But it can take 10 or 11 app. for download after that it shoe fulfill of storage
good device and I love the follow up policy of amazon which is really good to me as a purchaser
Very good phone except battery back up, its very slim mobile. good look, high responsive, good configuration. very good display,
BEST FEATURES IN AFFORDABLE PRIZE, GOOD CAMERA, LONG BATTARY BACK UP, GPS AND WI-FI, ALSO HD QUALITY FILM NICE TO USE FOR LONG TIME
Excellent Gadget at Minimum price. Value for Money. Courier On time. Sleek and Slender. But not enough inboard games. Overall Good.
Super super ... i recvd now good mobile Camera clarity so good.. already i purchased 2 mobiles.. today i booked 3 mobiles for my frnds
Excellent phone.......Meets all my expectations. I recommend this to all my friends. Going to buy one more for my wife.
I needed a 1GB RAM phone with a reputed brand to support heavy calls, social media and moderate gaming. Serves the purpose well.
Very very good phone at a very reasonable price.good camera. good looks no hanging up of phone.good and sensitive touch screen
It is the best smartphone along with Moto G at this price range..has a premium feel to it,light as feather ,superb camera and good screen....the viewing angles are good..the only bad thing about this phone is the 1800 mAh battery....apart from that...superb phone..i reccomend go for it..micromax has evolved a lot..and in 2 months the latest version of android i.e 4.4 is going to be introduced into it...
Waoo... What a phone.. Just got it at 7k...love this phone. Very light weight handset. Camera is awesome in daylight and good in night. Looking very pretty. But only one problem with my handset is that the dust always enter into the front camera, visited service centre twice, they repaired it within a day but after some time same thing happened. May be some manufacturer defects,but its okay.
Best in medium range of budget phones. Excellecy H.D quality video player. Good for gaming also. Camera quality is superb.
First of all I want to say phone look awesome very light weight and sleek look met my expectations first 2 day it was awesome but after 2 days trihmam....... came phone start get hanged up and it still hangs for more than 12 hours per day few day went but this problem doesnot end. From bottom of my heart I request avery customer who browse micromax product never buy any micromax product
Battery is inbuilt... Charge is discharged within 2 & 1/2 hours while using net... App storage is just 1gb...
I am using past 15days looking good & wait less. Primary Camera is not too clarity look like 2mp. Don't go this product
phone is awsome..very light weight to carry..looks is also as premium.picture quality and camera quality both rean and front is very good.proccesing is also sufficient..but music quality in ear phone is not up to the mark..all over phone is worth to buy..its actualy best looking phone in this price tag...also thanks to amazon..i got this phone more then 15 cheaper then the market...
canvas turbo nice cell phone but internal memory need to impr........... not bad as per price is very good sell
its good but the battery gets heated try to get a better cell than this u can trust the phone but not to much
This fone seems to be studded with feature especially considering its price range. But it starts hanging from day 1. It also proclaims itself of 8 MP camera but the images dont justify the specs. An ok ok performance mobile overall, not a great experience. Spending 1000 bucks more and getting Moto G is a much better option in my view.
it is good to begin with. now and then, the os becoming slow. appealing to micromax to improve the quality of the CAMERA in all of their mobiles by also increasing the cost by 1k INR. SO THAT, THE MIDDLE CLASS INDIANS will buy MICROMAX MOBILES ONLY. A BETTER, IMPROVED STANDARD IN BACK AND FRONT CAMERA QUALITY IS URGENTLY REQUIRED. KINDLY SEND THIS REQUEST TO MICROMAX.
Goof phone. Display quality, sound quality, battery life all are fine. One thing that is nt good with this phone is that it comes with built in battery . u cant remove them. In case whn ur will hang u can't do any thing. Head phone and quality of sound is nt good in the earpiece. Except this all thing phone having is superb. Camera,, touch sensitivity is also good.
SERVICE IS VERY POOR,,TOO LATE,,WE GET THIS ORDER IN 10N DAYS,,WHICH IS SO LATE,,FOR THIS WE GIVE ONLY 2 STAR
I bought this phone 2 months back, but after using it for 2 month phone is restarting again and again. After consulting with the service center, they said we need to check its hardware, it has some problem. I am not happy with the performance of the phone, and didn't expect to cause such issue. Good thing, it was under warranty. Think before you buy this phone.
its a nice phone, with value for money. Doesn't get heated even after long calls and continue wifi data usage. Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2 is bit older so you can't go and switch between the recent apps. 1GB ram seems sufficient. Camera is fine, and its providing 5MP front camera which is a bonus in this price range. Summing up I am happy to use it.
very good mobile at current 7000. good camera. The battery is the problem but better than most other phones in this class especially if battery doctor used as app. The phone speed is good for normal phone use, whatsapp, usual browsing. I dont use games so I cant comment on this aspect, the processor, the android version and so on. Recommended buy it...
good batry life, need to improv phone storage . speed olso very nice. i like dis prodct very much. luv it
I like it because it's really good. It is light weight and thin. This is the most awesome feature. Second thing I like about this phone is the Camera. With 8 mp rear and 5 mp front you can capture really cool pics. One thing I like to mention that the flash light in complete dark isn't work. It's work good in low light.
I'm using this mobile for the past 7 days and impressed with the performance. really worth for money..... camera clarity is good, processor speed is awesome but its get heating up within few time of playing game. Battery backup is not bad, plays the game without any struck. Guys, who are in the stage to buy a mobile please go for it.
Nyc 1.. Camera is not good... Battery doesnt evn last 12 hrs.. Requires a camera update .. Plz fix gyz
Everything is fine about the product but no import details are available on the packing of the mobile which mandatory for goods being imported in India and it clearly shows the MRP, date of Import, date of manufactured, name of the importer, etc... which weren't there in the product. sometimes, I wonder if the products have been smuggled....
Nice phone. I want a small phone whichbis handy and a goid display and a goid camera which can record 1920*1088 pixel video. Turbo mini was more than my expectations. Only problem is low battery duration. But i am managing that by switch on data only when i needed. Overall its a decent phone. And thanks Amazon, mobile reached me on 3rd day.
If you do not want high end features and can manage a lil lag, then just go for it. Nice n clear display, good camera, both front n back, as compared to other handsets in this range. Processing speed is good enough. Nice classy looks, realy sleek n light weight. The only problem is battery is non removable. Otherwise its a thumps up..!!
1. The display is not smooth at all, it feels rough as you swipe. 2. Camera and display are not in sync -- there is a notable delay before the screen redraws (updates with what the camera is focused at) as you move the phone around. I didn't want to discover more issues and get frustrated about it; Returned immediately.
I got a problem with in the 5 days after I bought it. For resolving that they took around 30 days
screen resolution is wow. camera quality both rear & front is wow. battery lasts up to two days if u use basic functions like net or music player. i m not a gamer....but whatever i use this phone no hanging prolem. no heating problem. phone is best in price. use it, u will feel good definetly...
Extremely disappointing experience!!! Its hardly been a week since i am using this phone and this bloody thing hangs at least 5 times a day. I haven't downloaded any additional app other than whatsapp, even then the performance is below average. I would never recommend such a lousy product to anyone
I bought this mobile in offer period at around 6700 + 10% cash back offer. The deal is too good! All the features looks fine to me. Only con's i found is it still comes with Android 4.4.2 version(Jelly Bean) and no free upgrade to latest version. I am satisfied with camera too. Selfie is too good which comes with 5MP.
An awesome phone from micromax and extraoridnary price from amazon. The camera is 8mp in outdoor (in day time) it is better than samsung's 8mp camera but when there is less light it is not good, battery backup is good, works with no lag, very light weight, NFS most wanted 2012 asphalt 8 runs easily, graphics is good
This is the worst product i made purchase in my life, Amazon pls dont allow this type of products to sell through your website. I bought this in Nov-14, touch screen it self not working , dont how micromax manufacture such type of products really feeling very bad. No further word to say.
Very very worst cell phone, please do not by this, before by this call me : 9965782229
i like the phone becoz its so slim but smetimes its hanging & internal memory is less
Pros:: 1)Good Phone only for normal use with limited apps. 2)Light Weight 3)Battery life is good. 4)Body is durable and supports rough usage. Cons:: 1)Low Internal Memory 2)At times, response is slow. 3)Not suited for high end gaming apps.
Nice phone you can buy .... But battery life is ok and heating little bit when you play games more than ten minutes other than this everything is good.front camera is superb and hd videos playing perfectly and quality of screen is amazing.......... not suitable for heavy users
Firstly great service from Amazon . It was on time, neatly packed, . About the phone - it was a gift to my dad. This is his first smartphone and is thoroughly enjoying it. Keeping price in mind. Great screen. Above average battery. Good camera. Fast and responsive.
There was no problem before, but after two months of use, its' mic not working properly. Nobody can hear me :-( I have to use earphone. Now gonna try service center performence. I think i have made mistake after choosing MMX A200 instead of Asus Zenfone 5.
it's very nice than turbo 250 . . . it has got lots of feature . . . nice phone in the budget
i bought this for unbelievable price.....(only 5950) so i was little worried.... because i thought they are trying to sale damage phone or something like that...... after that i got this one in my hand. really it is unbelievable.... its awesome.........
excellent delivery by amazon. THANKS A LOT......Device is very good and very light.Only cons I have detected tha, camera is not better as 8mp. Preloaded camera app has less adjustment settings. But front 5mp camera is very good.Other things are excellent...
Getting smartphone in this range is awesome and it is the best phone in its price range with lots of features.camera quality is too good specially front 5MP camera is just mind-blowing. Also have smooth dislpay and high resolution.overall a very nice phone
I am confused abt which phone to buy..whether moto e,android 1,unite,unite,fire2 finally i ended up on it. And iam totally satisfied with its display,frnt cam,......all specs best below 9000 only con jelly bean but fine......cant dream far @ dis price
Good phone but comes with imei tag on outside make it looks disgusting. Battery goes blank within hour. Worst back up. Hung up while playing normal games. Average music. Light weight. In build battery, Software issue. google play store do not open.
Pathetic bought the phone and within a month so many issues cannot connect call jus doesnt catch network while the same sim from other phones has full network luks like amazon provides default pieces in their so called bumper sales really annoying and within a month of purchasing the service centres say the display needs to be changed as well as the motherboard so then wht exactly is left in the phone its jus a fooling business
Looks and the design of the phone is simply superb. Only thing is its camera is ok. Overall a good mobile to go for. Amazon's service is good they delivered the product on time and price of the phone is also very less compared to other websites
The product cost prior to my purchase was Rs 9990 & after my purchase again cost has been reduced to Rs 10500.It is requested to adjust my excess payment by giving discount or refund. Otherwise the product is very good & I liked it Thanks
initially 4 months it's working good but now it's hang continuous.
It is really a worth purchase in this low price segment… all specifications and performance delivery are up to mark. Only thing is battery where you can face little bit disappointment. Overall I am satisfied consumer.
This phone is for those have a budget of 6-7k Pros: 1) hd display 2)good camera 3)good battery life Cons: 1)non removable battery ... Otherwise if u have a normal budget then must go for it.....
I have made purchase on 6700 in DEC-14 and gives a better function in such cheap price. It has a main drawback that you cant transfer/move your software towards sd card memory. that reason you should sacrifice with some app.
Camera is just awesome ..front & back. Speed is manageable. Battery is just good 1 day . I got it for just 7 k frm Amazon. Internal 4 GB. For battery n internal memory I hav given 4 star otherwise it deserve 5.
its gr8 mob for non gamer person. this mob is very slim and light weight and good build in quality. it think so good phone and good display with expandable memory option. camera avg. but in this price its good.
Micromax Canvas Turbo Mini is a good buy.. Good Processor.. Good Battery Life as I Dont need to charge it every day.. 5 mp front Camera is also good.. If you are planning to buy one Go for it.. (y)
Excellent phone ,presented it to my Dad on his 75th Birthday .He is very eexcited in using this smart phone.Very clear and crisp sound.The only problem is the low battery backup but still stays longer than a day with 3 g enabled
Micromax Canvas Turbo Mini Sometimes switchoffs automatically and wnt start immediatly. If u r using torch and phone got switched off because of no charging then u never know when phone will get swicth on after charging
It s a very nice phone..camera is also very nice .front camera s 5mp at a low cost... But main defult s internal battery...but all feature s good.... Its looking very very nice like sumsong grand 2.... I like very so much
I ha e been using it since one year. Rear cam is very good. Disign is also impressive and yes it is having aluminum construction. I have installed stoc I'm rom of it was clone Wiko Darkmoon to give it a fresh new look.
The phone is extremely light which sometimes can be pro or also a con. The mediatek chipset does the job with slit customized ui but biggest culprit is the battery. You need to charge twice a day even with average usage.
Shiny mobile.very slim.adipolyanu makkaleaaaa Vangikkkuuuuu .kidu .frnt cam super.back also good .hd display clarity.it is a good mob at this price . i buy this mob through the sbt atm card.yu can trust Amazon .
It is not a good phone to buy.Micromax company is making fool.It looks very good but is performance is very bad when we talk about it camera features and quadcore processor.It works as a dual core processor mobile.
I take this mobile from amazon. It is a very good android phone. All features are good. Look is very effective. Its battery is 1800 mah. Some time i think it may be good when it have 2000- 2400mah in it.
the phone looks to be in a good condition,but the micromax seal was tampered.i dont know what they have done to it,but surprisingly they have tried to put back the seal and a transparent polythene seal around it.
Hey...friends...phone is really good.... Pros Lite weight Excellent design Display is owsome Camera can be little more goog..but front is good.. Cons Battery life is less
Micromax canvas turbo mini is a decent phone with a decent screen/ display. The only downside is the battery which runs out in about a day and needs help of a battery saver app to keep it going a little longer.
Awesome phone....very lite and cute phone...camara is gud...everything is better than samsung htc sony....its charger is the reason for battery...charge with some other charger..u got gud battery back up...
pretty much light weight , elegant look..fast enough to work on basic connectivity. so far so good...this piece is worth the price surely..camera quality is good but not excellent. Overall, a good device.
Rear camera Quality is not good. Its not a 8 MP. My Phone automatically switch off and hanging while using.. (am used 2 days only) How can i get replacement?? Any one Pls help me..
Delivery was online and product was working fine..Even though some of customers dissents with Amazon services , I have made 2 purchases so far both are mobiles, I am satisfied with their performances.
I dont have word to say about its looks. tremendous looks in reasonable price. Guys dont think just buy if you are looking for samrterrr phone.
At the price turbo mini is a real deal. My concern was battery backup at 1800mAH, but with GPRS (3G) running whole day & calls coming almost every 30 mins, from 9AM (100%) till 10PM (60%), I have nothing to worry. Rest all good, just a bit of lag here & there while using particular apps.
SUPER it is excellent IT IS INDIAN PRODUCT COMPARE TO SAMSUNG MOBILE PHONE I AM HAPPY WITH MICROMAX TURBO A200
best service i like it ... keep it up..... but phone is heating when i charge it .... and battery shows empty
This is the best phone in such a price range. Nice configuration . this phone is just awesome. I have been using this phone for a month now. Faced no problem .
The phone is awsm but the only problem with it is it's battery life. You need to charge it 2 - 3 times a day
its too good and briliant phone...its too light weight... good performance...front camra soo good as samsung grand...totaly paisa wasool phone...
Very good,value for money,big screen , light weight,affordable, got features of latest android,very good processor,expandable memory , beacuse of excellent features I have stopped using BlackBerry smartphone. Overall rating 4.5 of 5 Gopala Naik
Best thing Very Sleek but sometime its hang no display was their, so not able to do anything. After few minutes its automatically starts. This issue appears sometimes when any call come on mobile. Rest all the things best.
Battery back up is very very poor for this model, i am always taking my charger with my phone s
lighter faster slimer smarter than samsung galaxy grand duos A MUST BUY MOBILE IN A REASONABLE PRICE battery is little less but features cover that
after a brief P.hd on smartphone market i got Micromax canvas turbo Mini Amazing look amazing performance only 110 grams weight super stylish phone but the lack is only not from a renonunce brand name Dnt Go for samsung galaxy grand or any other phone of samsung MMX provides all the very best featured smart phones
Very Light Weight. Reasonable price with latest features Front camera is 5MP - added feature However, the mobile hangs at times.
costwise comfortable, delivery wise also.. only thing i had ordered for a cover but that did not fit in. it was just a currency holder..
Every thing is good excpet the phone get heated soon other than that excellent display camera and works soo fast
It was an amazing experience to buy turbo mini from saholic ..promise what they deliver and turbo mini is an amazing mobile for its price and better than Sony and other competitors ..camera quality is really good ..
The phone has excellent disply with good packege. It would be an excellent if it has 2000+ mah battery and 4.2.3 Jelly Ben or Kit Kat software.
i used many online website for shoping.but this was the first time i shoped at amazon.i get my product in less than 48 hours.im in chennai,the shipment starts at mumbai,i dono how its possible.i was so happy..and the product is good..and sim tray opener is missing in this piece....will it happen...any one plz reply
the all new micromax turbo mini gives you the acctual power that any other brand fails to do. Highly recommended to everyone.At this price point you can't get better than thid i can bet you .Truly awesome and yet powerful
i am fully satisfy with this deal with amazone. good amazone keep it up keep it up. i purchase this turbo mini in rs. 9898. its really awesome deal.
phone looking good.Battery is poor. phone is very hang amazon service is best and fast....... real camera is 5 m.p.
batery in built h jissse yadi hang hua to phir pata ni kb activ hoga.......camrra not gud...... baki sab jhakkkkkassss smartphone ...i love it .....my 1st smartphone ...muaaaaah <3
Sorry to say but both my phone r rejected product
Thanks Amazon for providing an amazing offer. It is a one of the best mobile having all features comparing to other mobiles in the market with almost same price including front camera, Quad processor and LED flash. One disadvantage is battery is inbuilt and having less battery life of 4-5 hours, if we use for games and browsing net.
Excellent front cam... Really worth of price.. At this price you won't get any other phone with a greater config overall... Best part Is that its sleek , slim and very light weight...
as far as value for money is concern this phone really worth it. apart from the battery back up which is not so good other feature compare this cell phone with other phone which 20000.
Awsm mobile...all people cmnt battery quality is nt good but it fully depend on u.. If u play game or watch video for long time then it is d problem otherwise nt I ll give *****
Very good for Rs.7000. Memory is very less. Can't install many apps. Facebook itself occupies all space and it just hangs. Only a few apps are allowed to be moved to external memory
Overall satisfied with tha phone except the battery,that drains out in 4 hrs with internet n moderate games.micromax must fix it N there is no kitkat update for this device.
Guys only cons in this mobile secondary camera and headphone jack......whichever headphone u use for this cell u will not get satisfactory output......rest all is fine and ok
Its value for money bcoz i got it for 9898 only thank you amazon....the phone is overall gud but battery as usual as other android phones...
it is super... very happy with performance,clarity, speed, internet game, only missing good quality of sound, but its average. overall its best choice @6700rs
While this may not be the best of the phones, it certainly is Great Value for Money @ 7K. I am using the phone for the past 2 weeks and am happy with my purchase decision.
NICE MOBILE AND AWM FEATERS BUT THE BATTERY BACK UP IS TO BAD I SUGGEST MICROMAX TO FIND SOLUTION THE NO ONE CAN DEFEAT THE MICROMAX MOBILES THANKS FOR THE OFFER AMAZON.IN
Amazing product at a good price. I have ordered two turbo mini but both are defective. One set is having touch pad problem and the other one is dead with in a days usage.
It's a brand new phone with all the android features per description. Delivered before 'Estimated Arrival Time'. I like the phone quality and overall service! Thank you!
Worth every single rupee given. Got the phone on 17-Dec-2014 for Rs.6611 and it has fullfilld more than my expectations Best phone to purchase for a price less than 10k
Luks gud def. Gud screen size, ram, camera for this cost. Definitely worth the money.. Both the front and back camera are gud.. Especially front camera too gud..
Went for Cheap price (almost half the price) being offered, but seems that its defective pieces being offered like that..Will never go for anything like this...
good produc apture good photoes battry life is a issue touch is good value for money Looks good in Hand
Everything is good...Good looks, so slim, so light weight...best opt for girls...I purchased this one for my sister...she just loved it.. Cons: This would have been better if 1) it would have more internal min 8gb, 2)battery min 2000mAh/+, 3) system update to 4.4.2
It's a Value for Money phone (in fact, more value for less money phone). The front 5MP delivers excellent 'selfies' and video quality for Skype, Viber etc.
Extremely satisfied for 6700/- budget and front camera is too gud for selfies...back cover is compulsory as back cam is bulged to outside...superb sleek
The ph is good but its performance is too bad Dont buy this phone it always hangs it is weast phne nevar buy quality less phones like canvas turbo mini
Is very slim and low price but my received phone is automatic restart i'm unexpected issues from amazon i refund that phone POORVA GANESH M
technically feel nice product light weight but the build quality is very less battery is removable.. so feel screwed up while it suck
Super light weight Dual Sim Screen size to that of Z1 compact superb front camera Awesome gift choice for your loved ones.
Awshom mobile good features and light weight and camera no other mobile of this range provide you u can go for it
Turbo A200 is very good phone. Screen resolution, touch is very good. Very light weight. Only draw back is battery. It's getting drain in one day.
delivered in time but the mobile is hanging frequently. since the battery is inbuilt, it is very difficult to operate the mobile while hang out.
Very good product. I am using this since 4 months without any problem. Camera's clearity is very very good. Use & enjoy.........
Turbo Mini is good phone, compared to the same options available with other brands. The other brands are expensive. Good deal to go for !
very nice phone, everything good about it especially weight, camera, processor, sleek design, android.very nice phone as compared to pricing.
the front camera is not good. Despite the claims of it being 8 MP camera, the resolution and quality of pictures leaves much to be desired.
OKAY phone..still android 4.2.2 and even after 3 months does not update to a higher version..good RAM ..does not lag...Camera is very good.
I got this phone :-) on 19th and booked on 16th. Got it . Working fine and superb phone it is.smooth touch. Its a must buy.
It"s not good phone hanging problem, sim slot not good ,phone function many time automatically stopped.. Never purches this cell phone
It's amazing how light weight this phone is!! The screen resolution is extremely good. I'm very very happy with it.
tatarting three times it switched off automatically.... One day 3 days before display problem araised.... but still it works properly...
Phone is good and thin. Only drawback is battery non removable. out of 2 sim one is microsim slot which is not mentioned in phone spcs.
It is a average phone. Sometime, touch is not good and sometime application hangs. Therefore it is a average product within this prove
Its cool....really a extraordinary ...sumtyms it got hang bt quiet speedy to rate it as 4 .....its better than samsung smartphones
Overall awesome phone. Ordered two back to back pieces. Value for money thingie. 5 MP front camera :I - You wont get in 25K phones.
nice mobile.. phone recived within time limit ,good packing by amazon. i give 5 out of 5 for service provided by amazon..
Battery backup is poor and touch screen is also not good. I'm writing this feedback after using this more than 2 weeks.
This phone is very good...I want to purchase it but need to change payment delivery... I hope you'll agreed with my suggestion....
Past few month back i bought the Turbo mini is working fast and nice. Goog picture clarity and very gd spport for all application.
Nice phone feed backs:1)battery not that much great,2)camera average still the phone is very stylish,slim,cheap........
Very good mobile at this price....but problem is that it hangs frequently....cameras are super...must buy this for camera use....
Nice to look .on 3g service speed is good.excellent camera but flash is as not good.battrry is average.overall worth for Rs6000
awesome product worth for money
worth buying. i did not find any battery issues as it was written in prior reviews. overall good phone. camera quality is good.
fully satisfied by amazon's services and the phone is ultimate. it is light and well built. Also the inter phase is very good.
Just love this product, very slim, handy, value for money.. Everyone who has seen it, have acknowledged the same..
1. Excellent front and back camera 2.less memory available for apps. 3. worst battery backup. 4. hangs a lot
nice handset battery power needs inhancment. On avg. 3G use backup time is 3-4 hours only. Rest is too good.
what i expected i got im happy with this mobile.. only the drawback is inbuilt battery thats it. best price best phone. :-)
Awesome.... Awesome....... best buy..... for a such a lovely offer... phone itself is genuine and excellent working....
its an excelent mobile in cost of 7050/- battery is not removable its better mobile in cost of 10000/- bellow
Its using perfectly batter then Asus zenfone 4,but battery back up not good compare other phone okay to small budget .
nice mobile with comfort price. all new features avilable that r all in samsung s4 level range.. go for it
I am Happy to say my money i spent for this Phone is Real worthy.. Nice Phone and Processor working is awesome.....
Display screen bottom showing permanent blue strip. Hence, item returned.
Awsm deal....Awsm phone...I purchase it at the time of Google sale price rs of 6000...#lovegoogle#loveamazon... :-)
Micoromax made budget phones with fully upgrade specifications and features. Micoromax nothing like anything..
Camera (Both rear & front is too good). Setup was simple & easy. Display & Sound quality is good. Value for money.
Nice phone, battery backup is good and front camera is osem back camera ok ok . . even light weight slim . .
Its a good mobile For average buyers performance wise ita good meed to improve in battery backup camera was good.
Maine ye fon kharida hai koi problem nahi hai HD screen best littel pro earfon average OK in this price nice fon
It met all my expectations. Its sleek design amazed me and others who saw the phone. It is a great piece of art.
I bought it for my dad. Its working fine and he is very happy to use this phone. Nice Phone. Totally satisfied.
Dear buyers very nice phone speed,accuracy, perfect phone i enjoy to have this.no bad things about this phone.
Display is awesome..... Processor is slow but looks are good.... For its price its the best phone u can have
Very light weighted, luking so good.. Front camera z awesum.. Worthwhile.. Definitely buy it Loved it..
It is a defective product
Front camera is much better than back camera . . phone is nice n light weight by looks. . nice user interface. . good phone in that budget . . only problem i had is Back Camera is not good. . Its blur even when we move it slowly . . even still image r not worth to 8mp . .
Prior to the Canvas Turbo and Canvas Turbo Mini, Micromax phones were know for their price tags rather than their design. The Canvas Turbo Mini is however quite a good looking and well designed device. And well, it performs pretty well too. I had no problems with titles like Shadowgun on it and the camera took surprisingly decent shots. It does tend to heat up a bit, though, and battery life could have been better. Those two points apart, this is a pretty good option for anyone looking for an Android phone that looks good. A newer version of Android would also have been better, but honestly, that is something for the geeks - most apps and games will run pretty well on this device.
Mobile is looking great but small issue it stuck sometimes but mobile is super I recommended to every one
The phone is not able to capture network along with it get switched off if any call come.wrong selection.
Cameras are of poor quality.. Do not have option for video calling.. Use IMO or Skype for video calling..
It has a decent camera and good display but processor is a thing that you have to compromise with. .....
Good,.same voice not clear..while using net phone gets heat up..network go off frequently while taking..
Horrible phone. Inbuilt battery and storage problems coupled with slow speed. Keep away from it! :/
S this phone meets my expectation. but didn't know that the battery cover is fixed and cannot be opened.
Bought it for mom n it works good guite happy with the cellphone and always happy with Amazon service .
A Good Smart-Phone at a low price...I got it for Rs:6610 and it's very good for it's price..Awesome...
Very good phone from Micromax and good service by Amazon.Received product within time ,working nicely.
Amazing phone with a amazing price from amazon. Only drawback is that the battery is non replaceable.
in starting face some problem like hang auto switch off mobile. after update software it is ok
Main default is backup, some times applications are running very slow. Overall average can be given
battery is inside which was nt mentioned also it get sumtyms hang and difficult to start the phone
Micromax give 8 mp camera but fouctry provide app you take picture 6 mp only there is misselling.
Delivery was good but item is not as expected battery problem getting heated in normal condition
worth for money , some times get heat. front camera is better than back. light weight good look.
Really great phone and all are good in the phone .looks are fine and most part of front cemara .
Front as well as back, both camera are awesome. Battery life is good. Worth for price
It is a good product. My mummy likes this mobile.so i satisfied .I like the service of amazon
the product delivery is very very fast. the phone also superb and met with our expectations
Strongly recommend this piece for those looking for value for money entry level product ...
Amazing phn...vry lght weight...easy to handle... Perfect for a girl....Go for it guys....
Good product in this range. Camera is not upto its mark and battery performance is average
I BOUGHT THIS PHONE 3 DAYS AGO.. CAMERA IS NICE BUT DISPLAY IS NOT GOOD. OTHERWISE OK.....
Restarts unexpectedly and hangs sometimes. Overall I'm not satisfied by its performance.
Awesome in all things only the problem is battery its average otherwise best best phone
my mob hasnt work properly.... can u help me on this.... its not getting switch on....
The phone is good at Rs 7000. It does what is expected. Camera is fine. Doesn't hang.
Superb phone!! best price - performance balance, long lasting battery!! Go for it...
Awesome fone feels like 15000 rs phone i bought it for 6611+memory card 420 rs......
Mobile is awesom and everything is new the problem is only head phone is not working
At this price this phone is amazing good picture quality with lots of other features
This phone is good in working but the drawback is that its battery is non removeable
Its Very gud phone in Middle range. Camera quality is gud. Am happy with this phone.
Am not like this phone it's very slow processing camera it s good other than no use
Awesome mobile...no heating problem,no hanging problem...just amazing to use it...camera quality is too superb...and hd video recording,gaming runs smooth in my canvas turbo mini...
Product is having some problem on screen
nice offer handset
I bought it 3 months back, so far the product has been awesome!!! Good buy at 7K.
Product Features are good... but battery backup is not upto expectation.....
very light weight,, good phone from mmax... got at 7K.. at this price.. too cool,
i heard lot of defects in dis phone but der was nothin like dat really good phone
awsome phone.Bought for my sister. Decent speakers and good camera in this range
playing angry bird, it back warmed up so hot as you used it as iron your cloths
Very amazing set in camara and carring .but bettery is so small in internet use
Good phone but internal memory is not 4 GB. Only 1 gb internal memory provided.
meets all expectations, great phone especially for ladies as it is light weight
Great phone works brilliantly. Camera are at its best. Must buy it within 7000.
this mobile is look like a iphone set it so beautiful and excellent technology
low battery back up capacity. internal memory only 1.6 GB ,but claimed is 4GB.
Great experience buying a smart phone from Amazon .Micromax Phone really Good.
Okay phone ...charges slowly..connectivity issues..after all its micromax....
Very good phone with excellent features. I have not faced any problem so far.
Great phone and feature slim and light in weight but battery back is not good
Good mobile for this price best thing about this mob is its 5MP front camera
worst product...system getting stuck in between calling or while using....!
nice product at reasonable price . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .value 4 money
Guys I bought this phone for 10750, great service by Amazon delivered on 3rd day. 720 p screen, 1 GB RAM and processor is impressive, however battery is poor and discharges in no time. I charged at 12.00 pm and with normal usage i was left with 40% by 6 PM. Another disappointment is the Camera, mentioned as 8 MP it is not even 5 MP as compared to samsung or sony. Pictures donot have any clarity and lot of noise is there in every pic. Buyvat your own risk since on the 5th day Of purchase I noticed few dead pixels in the screen. Imnediately got the phone replaced via Amazon with 10 day replacement/ Refund guarantee. 2 stars for phone and 5 stars to Amazon for great customer service.
loving this mobile. it hangs lot. battery is problem. it is not removable.
The battery backup is very poor. Accessories do not have duarbility.
Two weeks before i bye this fone just 6700 very good look and performance
Looking smart userfrendly working condition of android applicatiin smart
Very nice mobile at good price , everything is OK except battery 2000mah
Nice phone light weight Int storage is low rest everything is fine
Very nice phine m using this phone at a time... Very well i like it...
Hardware issue.
Good spec. But battery backup is low. also its non removable battery.
mobile is very nice good quality camara also good but same time hang.
Battery back up is not good. Lightweight but over all beverage phone.
Nice cell but videos made by this do not open in some other mobiles.
Good phone with nice camera ,worth to buy at such a reasonable rate.
Phone is good and the deal is very good i bought this for only 6,711
Product arrived on time... Great phone at such a small price 6611/-
So far it's doing well and rest hope for the best!! THanks Amazon!!
Awesome phone, very very slim and light weight, nice resolution...
better product
got the phone for 7K.. at this price.. that phone is unbeatable..
Its good mobile to use.light weight but it is hang on sometimes.
excellent phone around 7000/- and amazon service also very good.
Very nice mobile. Market m to is mobile ka daam bahut jyada hai.
excellent phone & excellent service by amazon. thanks
Phone is good but using in continue in 2 hour's phone is heet..
this phone is best for this prize but batter is very low & poor
Error in comparison Redmi 1s has a MSM8228 Quad Core Processor.
I purchased this ph recently Sometimes it hangs. Why so?
Its a perfect product using it since 1month without any issue.
Good phone. Only drawback is in built memory for app download
good. but when you talk long time the battery will be heating
my wifi not connecting in this micromax mobile. Please check
Pathetic product getting hanged consistently good for nothing
LIKELY GOOD BUT I DONT KNOW ITS ACCTUALLY A GOOD PH. OR NOT?
Super mobile Light wait. today range price high but ok super
at times the cell phone screen get heated-up. volume is low.
Superb ! Working fine Got it at Reasonable price
It is smart and styles mobile phone & his feature best.....
restarts frequently , unable to send videos on whatsapp !!!
Play store stops working sometimes otherwise it's very good
Excellent product @ 6611/-. Superb features at this price.
Battery Backup is Low & all these things working properly.
It is good phone at the price that I got, which is ~8000.
Phone is f9 but with very very bad battery bakup. ..
very light weight....... very good ...full recommendation
It's working fine but camera celerity is not satisfactory
Beautiful I Bought This On 6611 Rs ......thanks to amazon
Product was not fresh and delivery took more then 1 week
It was purchased for my mom-in-law. She simply loved it.
Good phone at an excellent price. Got it in a deal from amazon. The delivery from Amazon was quick inspite of it being Diwali period. Pros: Smooth performance even while using multiple apps (Quad Core, 1 GB RAM) Light Weight (especially if you are bored with bulky phones) Very good screen resolution (I think around 312 ppi) Good looks Cons: Battery is not removable At times it gets heated after heavy use
Good performance. Battery life could have been better.
Very nice product for much better price good one ....
Its better to buy any 1000 rs phone tha to buy MA200.
VERY GOOD , LIGHT WEIGHT , VALUE FOR MONEY .
Phone not working . google play services not working.
Mobile haspoblem video has getting corrupted offen.
It's good But I will purchase one more mobile.
It is the best smartphone along with Moto G at this price range..has a premium feel to it,light as feather ,superb camera and good screen....the viewing angles are good..the only bad thing about this phone is the 1800 mAh battery....apart from that...superb phone..i reccomend go for it..micromax has evolved a lot..and in 2 months the latest version of android i.e 4.4 is going to be introduced into it...
Very good phone also fulfill the required features
Hangs often. Not worth the money. Don't buy this.
Nice phone, camera is awesome.thank u for amazon.
Easy to handle light weight cameras are excellent
Grt buy. Amazing value...saved 53%on MRP. Cheers.
Everything is good but the battery backup is low
Battery is not working while using the internet.
one correction in comparison given : - Red Mi have Quad core processor
My mobile not working. How to solve My problem.
its a good deal, as per price and configuration
Good product..........value for money..........
this is awesome price in get for 7050 i like it
Good but network issue. I returned this product
good price ..... not happy with battery life..
Very good display... Super camera... Wow .....
Nice phone..very light weight n stylish phone.
Mobile is super but batery drains fastly......
Nice phon
superb phone. camera is not up to expectation
Nice phone but battery back up is big problem
worth purchase.....undoubtedly can take it...
Mobile screen damaged.Mobile always hanging.
Prompt response and satisfy with the product
Good working and a nice mobile for the price
It's nice cellphone in budget tnx Amazon....
ok,it had connectivity and settings problem
Good phone net speed perfect charge 2 days.
Nice phone at this prize and cool specs too
attracting look with nice camera front/back
I had bought this phone in May. The internal memory got full in 4 months and I couldn't install new apps on it. I had to delete few installed apps and then install new ones. The GPS has some issues due to which few apps do not work. The battery is also not great if you are using camera, playing games, listening to music.
SOMETIMES ITS GET STRUCK IN THE MIDDLE WHILE USING INTERNET. EXCEPT THAT EVERY THING FINE
It is good to buy this phn in less budget.
superb phone with this price category.....
Good phone, very light in weight and slim.
Waav what a nice phone in very less budget
This phone is just awesome in this price..
Awesome phone. No complaints. A year now.
After Net opening, Mobile is overheating.
very good.. light weight phone .i like it
nice quality and value for money product.
Bought this from Amazon @7k. Great phone.
I am really happy with the product. It is sleek, light and value for money. This mobile is having metallic body. so you will have less grip when you are holding it. Slipping chances are high. and also gets heated up soon after 30 mins of continuous use. But overall It is good.
It is a good phone with affordable price
Its an excellent mobile as per its cost.
GOOD PHONE .GOOD VIDEO QUALITY.EXCELLENT
battery backup not good, & overall nice
Excellent product for this price range.
Its nice slim good phone for this cast
A great value for money.Thanks micromax
not so bad. camera clarity not so good.
Its gud bt has a non removable battery.
Good features for a nice budgeted phone
Working good so far ! got this in 7k !
Battery needs to be charged frequently
battery is not good rest of all is ok.
M using since a week.. Very good phone
low budget with higher configuration.
Liked the phone and service of amazon
Having pro baily thinking to sale out
getting defected mobiles for 2nd time
Good Working but battery is not good
It is good and meets my requirements
Good mobile...price very low is good
Ya this item meet my expectations...
Excellent performance at this price.
Its a nice phone in the price range.
working good battery life is good.
nice phone canbe sued no complains
Camera Performance is Excellent...!
Its so gd amazon perfect busnessman
GOOD PRODUCT,GOOD PRICE,GOOD SELLER
very good screen clarity...........
over all nice product as per price
Good value at the discounted price
Good item with best deal i like it
Very nice camera...battery o.ko.k
Nice Phone Having lots of feature
Best in this prize thanks amazon
nice experience.. nice product..
its a great deal with amzon..i got the phone at rs 9899 only..n its working awesome ..the camera quality is not up to the mark as compared with samsung n nokia ..but its quite good...the screen is full hd..n the most important quality of this phone is... it is very slim n low weighted.
Easy to use thats good product
Very Nice and Attractive phone
the handset is battery problem
good mobile at affordable cost
Overall a satisfactory product
Goog phone in that price range
GOOD PERFORMANCE AND DELIVERY
good phone great features light in weight no comparision for this phone in this range. happy with using this. satisfied with the product received in good condition .
Awesome mobile.......... It is very slim & lit weighted. Nice phone in the budget & smooth in working with a decent screen/ display. The follow up policy of amazon which is really good
Battery back up is very less
Amazing product! Thank You!!!
super i like it what a camera
Good Looking, cheap and best.
Good phone at the cost range.
Nice phone with good features
Product is not upto the mark
Very good mobile at low cost
It was above my expectation.
Small price...... best phone
This is a very useful mobile
Micromax Canvas Turbo Mini is a midrange 720P device powered by Mtk6582 processor and 1 GB of ram. Its runs on Android 4.2 Jellybean. #Highlights 1) 720P Screen ( 4.7 inches,720 x 1280 pixels,312PPI) 2) Quadcore 1.3 Ghz mtk6582 processor. 3) 1800mAh battery 4) Android 4.2 Jellybean -Not stock Android, Micromax is shipping this with a good looking customized UI. # Pros This is powered by mtk6582 processor which is more powerful than the 1.5Ghz mtk6589 Turbo processor coming with many midrange phones. So the gaming performance is great for the price. It scores around 17000 in Antutu benchmark while original Turbo 250 only scores around 15000. It also has got a 300+ppi screen which means everything on the screen looks crisp and great to look at. 1GB of ram ensures smooth multitasking and apps usage. Very light weight.110g only. OTG is supported. There is a notification LED on top. # Cons This only ships with 1800mAh battery which is not enough to power up a 720P screen device one whole day. So battery backup is not that great. It can only get a 2-3 hours of screen on time with data/wifi on. This still runs on old Android 4.2 Jellybean and there is no word from micromax about an upgrade to the latest Android 4.4 Kitkat. Camera quality is average,performs quite good outdoors and gets grainy images when in low light.Even though on the box it is written 720P recording,in fact this support 1080P recording. # Verdict Canvas Turbo Mini is a good midrange budget device,and even out performs the original Turbo when it comes to gaming performance as this has a better processor,gpu combination .Earlier released Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 has almost the same specs and comes at this price range,but it has a slightly bigger battery. There is also Moto G, with 8GB/16GB options with promised Android 4.4 Kitkat update and powered by a better processor. Price while reviewing : Rs 9,898 - In some other websites,and some other sellers on Amazon,its priced around Rs 14000.
Update: I Got The Faulty One With the screen bleed Problem returned It So this Goes here I have using this phone for about 20 days now and whatever i experienced i am sharing it right now Pros:- -Very Slim phone, Also very lightweight. -Awesome looks, cant get better in this price. -8MP and 5MP camera both are good (flash is also great) -you can move apps to sd Card -Quad core with 1GB RAM -High end games are playable(l have Tried asphalt 8 works good) -Speakers Are very good and loud (And trust me loudness does matter) -Probably best phone in this segment Now i have told all the pros here and i am quiet satisfied with the phone but there are some cons also Cons:- -BATTERY (ONLY 1800 Mah) which is very very less, seriously buy A power bank if You are a heavy user.. -Some heating problem but in limit. -no gorilla glass so you have to protect it very well All in all a good buy in this price range but battery can be a problem so keep that in mind
am purchase very best price
What you can get a price less than 10k ? This is one of the best cellphone from Micromax. The cost to quality ratio is perfect for this cellphone. With 8MP primary camera it captures nice pictures. Also the quality of 5MP front camera is really good. The screen is really bright and crystal clear. The operating speed is also nice due to 1.3 GHz quad core processor. It comes with 1 GB RAM and 4 GB internal memory but you don't have to worry as you can put and external micro SD card and extend the space by 16-32 GB. Also the battery backup lasts for a day even though I use it under mobile data and little bit gaming. Doesn't had any heating issue at-least for my model. Also the best thing is that Amazon has delivered this cellphone to Outskirts where other online sellers don't deliver the products. Cheers to Amazon and thanks to Micromax.
A wonderful phone i got at 10,800 from Amazon after 10% cashback from HDFC. Pros 1. 16MP Primary and 8 MP Secondary camera are just awesome. Nothing else can beat their performance. Pictures even a low lights are clear with very little noise. Selfies and Chat on SKYPE is very very pleasent. 2.The Full HD display is very sharp and clear. Even under the sun/outside you can read text easily. 3. Great viewing angles, comes with scratch resistant Gorilla 3 glass. a must have if you got kids at home :) 4. True 8 core processor. Fast enough for most of the games and applications. 5. 2 GB RAM compliments the overall performance. 6. Battery is decent enough to last for 1.5 days with average use. 7. SAR values are comeratively less. (Good for your body as less ratiation) Cons. 1. Processor gets heated up mildly if you are playing games. 2. No external memory card slot.
Good product in that price
very good at offered price
Nice one... Anyone can buy
its aswsome and love it---
Good phone at such a price
Superb phone @ best price
very good phone low price
value for money..........
good mobile at good price
Good Product at best rate
working good, nice camera
GOOD IN THIS PRICE RANGE.
delivery is in right time
amazing set for low cost
it 's wonder full mobail
Good mobile in low price
nice phone on this price
Good phone in this range
Good phone at best price
Good pne, just go for it
Awesome phone in 7050 Rs
very good paisa vasool
Excellent.... I love it
Very handy... Good size
battery backup very low
nice phone with good battery backup and nice sleek body light weight phone and price is too affordable for this fully loaded phone
REALLY VERY GOOD PHONE AND VERY NICE - SMART PHONE IS VERY SMART I LIKE YOU VERY MUCH WROTH OF PHONE AND PRICE IS OK SO GOOD
so nice and good phone
Awsm phn. I love it...
Poor battery very poor
good enuf for my work
best mobile by price.
one day delivery good
Worst product i ever bought, the phone hangs like anything.. and it is completely a crap of a mobile which i bought.
Very good mobile....
Worth The Price.....
Net speed no so good
I have been an HTC user for years now. But when my htc one x+ broke down just after a year of use...i decided to try out the new phone models which are easy on pocket as well. I picked canvas A 200 primarily because it has a fabulous front camera...best in the range so i can take lot of selfies with my daughter! Secondly i m able to do everything i did with my high end phone with this one. Looks- beautiful Battery- good 10 hrs of moderate use Interface- great Space- is a concern I constantly have to delete apps...maybe there is a solution i m not aware off. . Overall very happy and highly recommend it...
Requested for return as Phone screen was going blank ofen - Not happy with the product as it was defective
Its average product
worth for money....
Yes but without lid
Low battery backup
V a l ue for Money
Batter standby low
Good for the price
Value for Money :)
Very Nice look ...
Very nice product
GOOD product.....
Hmmmm....good....
Great performance
Not so good phone
its simply superb
A BUY Worth money
good for rs.6600
Very good mobile
Not happy at all
The phone is wow
Value for money.
Worth for money.
nice product !!
worth for money
Very nice phone
Good experience
Excellent .....
nice and super
Spekar problem
Awsome product
nothing to say
So far so good
Awesome phone
bakwaas phone
supeeeeeeeeer
Awesome phone
nyss phone...
good product,
Not a good product this is my 4 th micromax phone but i am highly disappointed just on the 5 day of purchase it got complete blank screen or off for one whole day .. then i went to service center they updated software . but again it happens then the phone hanged completely n screen shows nothing....even the touch is not responsive many times Dont know what micromax is doing
Phone looks good, very light weight, easy to handle , good camera but it doesn't run smooth while you slide screen or you play any games. It has a basic lagging problem although having so much good hardware specifications. I wonder if my set is faulty or its a problem with all turbo minis... anyway Its still value for money ph if you are not video game freak.
I ordered this phone and it arrived in 24hrs thanks to the one day delivery. Abt the phone This phone is good looking and lives up to that 11k u would spend on it. Pros: 1gb ram Dual Sim Expandable memory slot Excellent front camera Cons: User available internal memory is only 0.98gb Micromax launcher doesn't satisfy
nice product
Good product
Good phone ,
Worth to buy
good product
Good product
nice product
Awsome!!!!!!
Not so good
nice mobile
best mobile
its ameging
Mst h yaar
Not bad...
Good Phone
super mass
Very good.
best price
Good phone
Nice phone
good phone
Nice phone
Jay mataji
It is good
Nice piece
nice phone
Good phone
Nice phone
nice phone
Best phone
Good Phone
nice value
Good Product for that Price range. No hesitations needed for Purchase. Worth of its cost. Fine Performance. Battery to charge once in a day. Some times hangs when multiple downloads occur. Still best Model at best price. I recommend. No buyer regret after purchase.
Phone is okay.This is a slim set which I like most.5mp Front camera is very good but rear camera is not so good,I think that it is not 8mp.Dual Led flash is awesome.Battery backup is not so good.There is a micro sim slot among dual sim.Moreover I like it for selfie.
Very good
Nice phne
very nice
VERY GOOD
Superb...
Very good
Very good
Good. One
Very good
Very good
good one.
excellent
Superb!!!
camera not up to mark rest all good
The phone was working perfectly all these days but now it won't switch on and it won't charge.. The charging sign shows but can't switch it on. Very disappointed with the product.. Just been 32 days since I bought the product...
Good....
Excclent
Good one
VERY BAD
Its good
Good set
Nice one
Good one
Not good
EXCELLENT PRODUCT. THE USP OF THIS PHONE THAT IT IS VERY LIGHT AND HANDY AND THE FRONT CAMERA.. OVERALL A GOOD PRODUCT ON THIS PRICE I.E. 6712. AMAZON U ROCKS. DELIVERY OF AMAZON IS BY FAR THE BEST....
it is so good, slim, sleek and fast.....but canvas 2.2 a114 is with same features only not hd resolution Good--- 1. Light & stylish & sleek 2. Display is amazing 3. Works smoothly 4. normal simcard & micro-sim card support 5. Easy to use Bad---- 1.Mediocre battery life 2.Battery is not removable
Product is awesome, but battery back up is really poor. The seller took 10 days to send the product from Bangalore to Kolkata through Gati, it's pathetic. And worst service by Gati.
its oky
OK good
V goood
Nice...
Item's performance is good. . but actually i ordered a blue colored phone but i received a white phone. which doesn't meet its expectations ... rather than . it is working good...
Excellent as described. Best phone in range. Delivery on time and no regrets. Worth the paid price. indian company phones have never been better. jai ho Micromax .
Superb
v good
Micromax Canvas Turbo Mini is a midrange 720P device powered by Mtk6582 processor and 1 GB of ram. Its runs on Android 4.2 Jellybean. #Highlights 1) 720P Screen ( 4.7 inches,720 x 1280 pixels,312PPI) 2) Quadcore 1.3 Ghz mtk6582 processor. 3) 1800mAh battery 4) Android 4.2 Jellybean -Not stock Android, Micromax is shipping this with a good looking customized UI. # Pros This is powered by mtk6582 processor which is more powerful than the 1.5Ghz mtk6589 Turbo processor coming with many midrange phones. So the gaming performance is great for the price. It scores around 17000 in Antutu benchmark while original Turbo 250 only scores around 15000. It also has got a 300+ppi screen which means everything on the screen looks crisp and great to look at. 1GB of ram ensures smooth multitasking and apps usage. Very light weight.110g only. OTG is supported. There is a notification LED on top. # Cons This only ships with 1800mAh battery which is not enough to power up a 720P screen device one whole day. So battery backup is not that great. It can only get a 2-3 hours of screen on time with data/wifi on. This still runs on old Android 4.2 Jellybean and there is no word from micromax about an upgrade to the latest Android 4.4 Kitkat. Camera quality is average,performs quite good outdoors and gets grainy images when in low light.Even though on the box it is written 720P recording,in fact this support 1080P recording. # Verdict Canvas Turbo Mini is a good midrange budget device,and even out performs the original Turbo when it comes to gaming performance as this has a better processor,gpu combination .Earlier released Micromax Canvas 2.2 A114 has almost the same specs and comes at this price range,but it has a slightly bigger battery. There is also Moto G, with 8GB/16GB options with promised Android 4.4 Kitkat update and powered by a better processor. Price while reviewing : Rs 9,898 - In some other websites its priced around Rs 14000.
I choose this phone because of its sleek design,and its specification like camera,HD display & light weight & of course with micromax brand...
Very light in wt , u will feel nothing when in your pocket thanks to micromax for making lght n slim device, gmaing experience much better
Goood
Fine.
nice.
Nice.
Hmmm
good
good
Good
fine
Good
Good
Nice
Fine
nice
Good
good
good
nice
Good
Good
well
good
Good
Fine
nice
good
good
Good
Good
cool
Good
good
good
great product ! really lovely and sexy look ! and great at handling! really happy to get it !
After purchasing of 3 month its hang not work properly when it will hang you do't know
Overall Good but its camera quality is below than expectation since it is 8 MP
Perfect deal by Amazon , no doubt the cell is amazing at such a good price.
its a good phone in the range of 7000. so far satisfied with it.
Great One in Such price 5MP Front No trouble till today
ok
G8
It is best phone I just love it
Good looking and best performance.
Nice phone in this cost
Excellent Device ☺
very good phone
