B00KU39WBK
product camera quality not up to mark camera apears like a vga one and the color output is poor. battery drains if applications used no options to control data usage restriction for applications battery backup is good if no applications are used so some elderly person can go for it rest all is fine
P2S is nice. very handy. Camera - excellent Build quality, appearance - v v good Display, Sound - best in class Overall SW features - good
Not that great one compare to the redmee 1s. battery backup is very low while using wifi or data. only one good thing is size.
Very good still now. All features are ok. Price is ok. One SIM slot is for micro SIM....
not upto the mark. Touch is not working properly, hanging problem
ultra slim, one of the best cell phone as per the budget.
this phone I purchased it for my sister and she like it very much. delivered on time only one drawback that screen is not visible in sunlight.
Excellent product.Got it in good condition.Value for money.Much bigger in size than what you see online
Battery life is not good Price is ok. Front camera is not good
its very good....on time delivery
Top but 5500 rate is good
Waiting for product
OK. Its fine
V v good
the bottom portion of the screen sensitivity is low and needed to press a bit more to text messages. I think the problem is for this specific(my mobile) only
Very nice features in these price .....till now didn't find any difficulty with it, app. running smoothly...So, thumbs up for these product..
I purchased this set from Amazon about a month ago in August 2014. So far so good. I am 67 years old and not very tech savvy. I am learning as I go along. It performs various functions quite well. Calls, internet, facebook and all that.takes good pictures too.It came at a very reasonable price of Rs.5k something.I am yet to realise it's full potential. So I am happy with my purchase - at least for the moment.
Very good handset & competitive price in indian market.Processor is very fast & we can trust this handset. value for money
Nice
