B00K1Y84CQ
This is the worst product I've bought. Keeps switching off and on frequently and takes long time to switch on again. Returning the product to Amazon. so users please dont buy this fone Amazon please dont sell this fone which causes your reputation down.
I'm a regular e-shopper. This is the worst product I've bought. Keeps switching off and on frequently and takes long time to switch on again. Returned the product to Amazon and bought Micromax Unite 2. Also consider Moto E @ this price range.
Very good Phone in a low cost, And enjoying the performance. . . . . . . . . . .
Hi first thanx to Amazon for fast delivery and about the phone yes it is good phone and I have played games like front line commodo, temple run 2 and many more games but not able to play big games like contract killer ,GTA due to low internal memory so that's why i am giving only 4 stars and if your budget then this is the best go for it
I bought Karbonn S1 plus from Amazon last month. The phone hangs (screen (off) blank) randomly at least twice a day. none of the keys work when it hangs. I have to remove the battery and replace it. Complaint raised on Karbonn site. No response! Tried restore feature also no solution. Do not recommend this product to anybody. In fact strongly recommend banning from sale on reputed website like Amazon. Chandrakiran R Kulkarni
One of the best phone in 4' category with 1gb ram. Camera quality is average as compare to other 5mp camera
Nice and cool product. I used this smartphone and its experience is amassed. RAM is amassed and phone's speed is very fast. Amazon's delivery is very nice and speedy.....
Hi , Price and features are really good. But 30th day i got a problem in mobile. The touch is not working properly. I am not satisfied with mobile. Thx
I am using from 1 month. Is good phone. No issues so far. Very good phone in budget. Only issue is that speaker volume is low.
Is price me ek achchha phone h prxiomity sencor is not working properly Good looking & nice colour & sooth touch
Third class Phone. Don't waste your money... Celcon A 105 plus is better than this karbonn's mobile...
Karbon Titanium s1plus I want the Filip cover pl arrange it Is not awabaale in market
GOOD FOR WINTER AS IT HEAT LIKE HEATER. DONT BUY THIS
Great purchase by amazon so happy with the product :)
COST EFFECTIVE, EASY TO USE, UPGRADED TECHNOLOGY.
Hanging problem
It is a very bad product, It always hangs and it switched off automatically. After removing and reinserting the battery then only it starts.
good
