B00KCIIW0A
Battery quality is too bad.replace battery with 3000h
Overall look is good.sound quality is very poor. Speakers are very bad for music and calls both. Camera is good but there is no autofocus so it doesn't give clear picture all the time. Just an economical phone
HTC....yess goood... pros 1.excelllent touch 2.Decent speed-no hangiins for sure. 3.chanceless loook.. 4.less weight 5.slim Cons 1.Worst ever camera!!!!!!!!!!1 2.backcover is light & delicate ,difficult to open
Economical phone. Looks good. However, lacks a good key pad the digits get messed up while you try typing. Speaker aren't that good too. Think before you buy. There are better phones in the same range you might want to have.
Very bad in display and sound quality then hanging problem so don't purchase this mobile
Has all the features needed for students. If you lost it you won't regret much.
Phone is good but the only problem is battery backup.....
Over Phone is good, But I think ringing volume is very less / not up to mark.
Nice Phone at Cheap price. Delivered Fast.
not flash ,so the mobile is simply waste
Good, and easy to use.
Ph is awesome but in Specifications I have seen flash.but the phone which I received doesn't have flash.
Good phone....
nice it is bast
So far so good!
Very Goog
Very good
Got this as a gift so i have not heard of any complaints so far, i hope and feel the person who got it loves it. The price was the best on Amazon compared to any other sites i have seen.
I extremely disappointed by this phone. it has ram clearing problem, hanging problem. no sound quality. battery problem. Suggesting you not to buy this phone.
It is not very good
Not as I expected!! Phone get hammed when I open any app
The most worest mobile which i have seen No flash No speed Low camera quality
Didnt meet the expectations, front camera is not good. Except that the mobile is good.
Quite less than the market price. I can recommend this product for others
Awesome phone nice camera quality gud battery backup with great price
Nice phone if you have used lower version OS previously
Nice phone, good quality, better performance on htc
camera quality in range of 5megapixles is worst
BRILLIANT PRODUCT AND EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE
Fine
As desired with complete satisfaction
Awesome phone saves my life /////
i feel very good to buy in online
its good for normal use...
good i like it
very good
very good
