B00KLU9MFS
Don't get fooled by 8GB memory tag as I did. Its memory for application installation is only 0.89 GB. Many applications (like facebook, whatApp, etc) can not be transfered to sd card. 0.89 GB is not at all sufficient. you'll get memmory insufficient message just after installing few apps. Suggested solution by many users is not to take update of applications to save memory. Because, preinstalled app consumes very less memory like 6-7 MB and after you take update, same app expands to 30-40 MB leaving very less memory of other apps to install. Furthermore, back button is weak or something I don't know but it does not work many times. you need to press it 3-4 times to make it work. Moreover, Connectivity to wifi network is very poor. Need repeated efforts and several restarts to connect to home wifi network. Even after conneting, internet works for few minutes then stops working, while internet works on other devices at my home, don't know the reason. In conclusion, I would like to say, Although it is a phone with best specifications in this price range, it is having abundant issues. I do not recommend it to anyone.
This is really a good phone considering the price. I have been using it for last 20 days and it did not show any problem with performance. It is smooth and easy-to-use in one hand because of its size. What I did not like is the pixel density and sensitivity of the touch buttons below the screen. However, some application like NewsStand keeps giving error messages like "Could not refresh. Not enough memory". So, I had to remove/disable some applications like chrome. Micromax could have supplied it with little more memory.
Awesome phone. Go for it If you are constrained by your budget and wish to have the Kitkat android experience. Pros: Smooth UI Awesome Screen Good gaming performance Decent looks Good build quality Front cam, Light Sensor Flash Accurate GPS Lock-on Decent Battery Life Decent Camera Quality Cons: Micromax Bloatware (Unwanted crappy preloaded Apps) - You can disable it, but uninstalling them requires your phone to be rooted Low internal storage capacity (Better not install updates for unused google apps) Average Video recording Quality No gyroscope, so cannot take photospheres Slightly heats up near the camera while running heavy applications And regarding Amazon's Service: Satisfied. Product delivered intact on the promised day itself, But just after I bought the phone the price dropped by 300 bucks by the same seller. Can't blame amazon for that. Keep up the good work, Micromax and Amazon!! Kudos!!
Phone is BANG FOR THE BUCK !! Currently you wont get any other phone with so many features and almost no bloatwares for this price! Moto E is good , i don't deny that that but it lacks many important features that the Micromax has.( Front Camera, Apps movable to SD card e.t.c to name a few ) Pros: -------- 1) The quad-core processor does its job well, Games Like: Ashphalt 8, Dead Trigger2, Frontline Commando etc run on the HIGHEST SETTINGS( i repeat Highest Settings ) absolutely smooth. The touch response is also awesome. 2) There is no laag whatsoever while navigating through the menu. 3) Wifi Direct, Wifi Hotspot, WIfi Tethering, Bluetooth Tethering works absolutely fine. 4) After installing following Apps: a) Facebook b) Facebook messenger c) Whatsapp d) Team Viewer e) Flashlight( A all that makes your camera flash as a torch ) f) Linkedin g) Skype h) Clean Master i) Book My show j) BS Player k) Flipkart l)PDA Net m)Times Of india n) Safari Book reader And the following Games: a) Ashphalt 8 b) Frontline Commando c) Dead Trigger 2 d) Temple Run e) Sky Force I still have about: -- 100 mb of internal space for app install. -- 564 mb ( Total 965 mb ) of Ram free. --------- 5) Video calling with Skype and my Wifi was nice.. Picture quality of 2mp front camera is good. 6) 5mp back camera is ok. Sometimes lacks the clarity. But its faaar better than Moto E. 7) HD video recording is alright. 8) I use whatsapp, facebook , facebook messenger, Gmail and times of india all the time, after that the battery stays for about 18 hours.( Please don't expect this batterly life if you are using the phone for gaming ) 9) Screen quality is good, there is no pixalation anywhere and 199ppi is according to me perfect for the screen size. 10) Phone plays 1080p and 720 p videos without any issue, if you are not getting sound with inbuilt android player for mkv files please use BS Plater free. 11) The google voice search can do wonders: Play you a song, Set a alarm for you, find a place for you, Search nearby hotels and show you the way, all by just speaking to it and no typing. Cons ------ Well guys( And girls) after getting so much from the phone in this price range its taking time for me to think the Cons. 1) It gets a little heated where the micromax logo is , on the back side when playing games for long of doing heavy wifi downloads. But nothing that makes it unpleasant to use. 2) Camera could have been better. 3) While playing games or using video chat or wifi download, batterly gives about 7-9hours. ( This may get reduced in future as we keep using the phone, but Micromax has given us a removable battery as well) 4) Sometimes face unlock does not recognises me. 5) No back covers still available in bangalore, only screen guards( not a con of course) Thats All folks!! ---- N.B.: Those people who are complaining that there is less internal memory and not all apps can be moveable to SD card, please note that most of the apps are moveable to SD card( INCLUDING Facebook, Whats App etc ) without rooting your device. Search in google/youtube " Move android apps to SD card without rooting " and you will get the solution.
I am writing this review after using it for a week which is good enough to explore your smartphone. I will not go gaga about the specs as all of you can get it in the net. There is no point of comparison after you buy the product. Its better you try to take the maximum out of it. As the name suggest, it really unites people region wise. Most of my friends were aware amazed to see this piece of a genius gadget. While chatting, I write in my regional language, which surprised all my friends. All of them wanted to know how this is possible. This is gives you an edge over other people. The quad-core processor performs well while doing the multitasking. Now, it’s 2 times faster. The android KITKAT is just like the chocolate- kitkat. The screen size is just perfect, 4” is too small to watch and 5” is too big to handle. The internet speed on both 3G and 2G is very good. It’s tried and tested at my end in different networks. I wanted to purchase the grey one but it became costlier and I had to satisfy myself with the white piece. This became blessing in disguise as my handset came with internal memory of 8GB ROM instead of 4. So, go for the white handset as it also looks uncommon and much better than the rest. The 1GB RAM is very good for applications and you will always find half of RAM space empty for faster processing. This is a plus point. I am not much of a gamer but I have played games which worked very well. The screen resolution (200 ppi apx.) is fair enough at this price. The camera is good both day and night (try to use night mode). The flash is okay. The touch sensivity is just superb. There are some benefits from Micromax as it also provides a screen guard along with the handset. I also got internet connectivity for 3 months absolutely free- 1GB per month. This is a big surprise from Micromax, so a big thanks to them. Over all, a handset costing you 6.8k with so many features and benefits, there is no other option for you but MICROMAX- UNITE2 (A106). The only drawback is its bloatware (stupid things not required) and its battery life is very poor. So, be careful and don’t forget to carry the charger if you are travelling long distances.
I buy this phone but unfortunately it not working fine problem is no sim card network detecting ...some time is come and gone!!!!! i go to the service center....once time it ready and next day same problem no network.... and now it in service center.....
I am writing this review after using it for a week which is good enough to explore your smartphone. I will not go gaga about the specs as all of you can get it in the net. There is no point of comparison after you buy the product. Its better you try to take the maximum out of it. As the name suggest, it really unites people region wise. Most of my friends were amazed to see this piece of a genius gadget. While chatting, I write in my regional language, which surprised all my friends. All of them wanted to know how this is possible. This is gives you an edge over other people. The quad-core processor performs well while doing the multitasking. Now, it’s 2 times faster. The android KITKAT is just like the chocolate- kitkat. The screen size is just perfect, 4” is too small to watch and 5” is too big to handle. The internet speed on both 3G and 2G is very good. It’s tried and tested at my end in different networks. I wanted to purchase the grey one but it became costlier and I had to satisfy myself with the white piece. This became blessing in disguise as my handset came with internal memory of 8GB ROM instead of 4. So, go for the white handset as it also looks uncommon and much better than the rest. The 1GB RAM is very good for applications and you will always find half of RAM space empty for faster processing. This is a plus point. I am not much of a gamer but I have played games which worked very well. The screen resolution (200 ppi apx.) is fair enough at this price. The camera is good both day and night (try to use night mode). The flash is okay. The touch sensivity is just superb. There are some benefits from Micromax as it also provides a screen guard along with the handset. I also got internet connectivity for 3 months absolutely free- 1GB per month. This is a big surprise from Micromax, so a big thanks to them. Over all, a handset costing you 6.8k with so many features and benefits, there is no other option for you but MICROMAX- UNITE2 (A106). The only drawback is its bloatware (stupid things not required) and its battery life is very poor. So, be careful and don’t forget to carry the charger if you are travelling long distances.
Comparision wrt Specifications & Performance: 1) Display: Moto E wins --> (256 ppi.) Moto E - 4.3 Inches, qHD, 960 x 540 Pixels (256 ppi.) (LCD) Mmx U2 - 4.7 Inches, WVGA, 800 x 480 Pixels (199 ppi.) (IPS) Moto E display has a sharper display with better resolution & better viewing angles. 2)Camera. Mmx wins --> Flash, Sec Cam. Moto E - Primary 5Mp with flash, Secondary 2Mp, Mmx U2 - 4.7 Inches, WVGA, 800 x 480 Pixels (199 ppi.) (IPS) Plus point for Mmx is that it has a Flash & Sec Camera.. 3)Memory & Storage is same for both. 1GB RAM, 4GB internal memory which is expandable up to 32GB via microSD card 4)Processor & Graphics. Mmx wins --> Quad core. Moto E - 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 200, Dual Core, Adreno 302, 400 MHz Single Mmx U2 - 1.3 GHz MT6582M, Quad Core, Mali-400 MP2 Mmx has quad core which is better than dual core in Moto E. (w.r.t performance wise Snapdragon processors are better than MediaTek processors) 5) OS same for both. Android v4.4 (KitKat). 6) Build Quality. Moto E wins--> Corning gorilla glass 3 & durability. Moto E is protected by Corning gorilla glass 3 ???made to last???, it is resistant to scratches, dust and water splashing. Also Durable. Mmx build quality is not upto the mark. Moto E has a biggest plus point of build quality. 7)Battery. Almost same for the devices. Moto E has a Li-Ion, 1980 mAh. Mmx U 2 has 2000 mAh battery (Not Li-Ion) 8) SAR Value. Mmx wins. Moto E - At the Head - 1.50 W/Kg, At the Body - 1.36 W/Kg Mmx U2 - At the Head - 0.45 W/kg; At the Body - 0.85 W/kg Mmx U 2 is has a far better SAR value. 9) Price. Moto E wins. Moto E - Rs.6,999/- MmxU 2 - Rs.6,999+/- Below are the benchmarks results of the two phones. Unite2 --- Moto E Quadrant Benchmarks: 8711 --- 5280 Antutu Benchmark: 16729 --- 12492 Nenamarks: 63.3 fps --- 48.0 fps As you can see the Unite2 beats the moto e in all benchmarks. The only advantage moto e has over the unite 2 is the corning gorilla glass, build quality and display. Surely at 7000 you can do away with all the advantages the moto e has over the unite 2. Now I am a shutterbug with a low budget so this is a great phone for me. Don't take me as a moto hater if the moto e had a decent camera and flash I would have definitely bought it without hesitation. The camera in the unite2 made me choose over the moto e.
Good service by amazon. It said delivery by 5 working days but got the product within 2 days. Great job guys, impressive. Bought the phone for my mom who is not so tech savvy. It was as expected. Guess its the best entry level smartphone. Its got all the features a smart phone should. It works fine. Touch is good, amazingly. Camera is 13MP but lacks clarity. Not enough storage space. Battery doesn't last the whole day if you use data or wifi a lot. Nevertheless satisfied with the phone. Recommend it if you are looking for a good entry level smart phone.
It is an amazing phone and I am using it since two days Pros :- 1. Superb battery life, don't know some people are spreading rumours that it can't last even 3 hours, I can use it whole day with wifi on 24/7. 2. Descent camera quality Cons :- 1. Low volume of music
Dear Friends, DO NOT BUY "MICROMAX Mobile" It's Service / Quality 100% useless !!! Unable to repair a Mobile in 3 Month !!!! Extreme Bed Experience. (Reference Case ID. W020109101413078648 (31-10-2014) & W020109121413695204 ( 20-12-2014) We approach to India Service Head Mr. Jitendr Sharwat but still no solution received & received useless talks!!! Finally - Today we start fight as "Frustrated customer" to request all to help me, We will place Legal Notice & Place issue to all over web Review.
Get amazed on receiving this all new Micromax Unite 2 A106 with Lollipop on board, . Pros:-Bright Display with great viewing angle, Dual SIM Support, Decent battery backup, Nice finish, Battery saver option, 1 GB RAM, 8GB ROM of which about 5 GB is available for the user's data storage. Therefore, no need of a MicroSD Card for an average user. The box includes a Screen Guard too. Cons:-The only drawback I've faced with this product is that the mobile gets heated slightly near the Camera on back panel while playing heavy games.
Good fast has all features of a heavier phone but app memory less and camera is not great i felt moto e is slightly better buy at this price with corning glass and upgradeable memory
sir we have recieved defective item as they said internal memory is 8gb but it only contains 200mb thats it so mobile is hanging not working properly if we open any file it will open after 5sec so please exchange my mob with new one otherwise refund our money. as i already mentioned about this problem earlier but they are not giving proper response, don't buy this product in amazon,quality is so poor.even flipcart is better than this.
I have Purchased the Micromax Unite 2 A106 (Grey) with huge expectations about its features at affordable cost. Features are amazing . Superb speed But Batterry Performance is Pathetic . Repalced battery within a weeks period. but problem continues. Company is denying the replacement by Showing the Policy of theirs that the same should have been reported within first 7 days after receiving the Phone . But in my case the Phone is purchased as B'day gift. and hence same was kept packed and unused for 10 days . and how can somebody sense that Brand new packed piece will have this problem..... I am not happy and i am frustrated with company's policy of not replacing Handset
I bought the product with full zeal, but on the very first day, the mobile was getting warmer and the battery was getting discharge after a very short use.But the Amazon customr`s service was very good. It provided me the refund without any condition. So hats off to Amazon.
I bought this phone last week and simply loved it! Its truly awesome and worth for what we paid. It has a got a very nice design and good in build quality. Display quality is good and touch is responsive. I have installed many apps and didn't feel any lagging or performance issues. This has got 1 GB RAM and 8GB internal memory which is more than enough for a handset priced less than 7k. I have used MotoG before and feels Unite 2 is far better than that in performance, battery back backup and display. If you are looking for a handset in a budget less than 8k, then I don't think there is second choice. Simply go for it..You'll love it. Amazon- Thanks for shipping this to my village :)
Do you know actually low SAR value is bad for health because low sar value means low quality antenna and thus it produce more energy and radiation to connect with network. Always choose highest rating SAR if you really want a good mobile with good performance so dont compare it with Motorola against SAR value. Try the link: http://www.eham.net/articles/24077
The Micromax Unite 2 is a good looking phone with pretty good specs. With a quad core mediatek processor and 1GB RAM, the phone promises to deliver quite a punch with Android KitKat pre-installed. The screen promises to be just above average with a big 4.7 inch LCD IPS panel with a ppi of 199. This is perhaps where all good things ends. Of course the phone comes with a dual band WiFi, Dual SIM with 3G and other such perks, the battery life in my opinion was just disappointing. One would think that with an average screen and Android KitKat, the phone would last throughout the day but the 2000mAh battery fails to deliver. I could not make it last more than 8 hours with 3G and was left somewhat disappointed. What I do like is the fact that it is mostly stock android and looks great but the phone feels a little heavy and bulky. I am not really complaining because the price(7K) was brilliant. The camera at 5MP feels good for the price but the LED FLASH was just bad. It always gives me a bluish tinge on every phone taken and auto focus takes ages to focus. The front cam works great and this is good fr people who love taking selfies. Also, I do not know if its just my phone but the status bar refuses to go transparent in spite of being KitKat. The internal memory is 4gb but the available memory is just 1.7Gb All in all, the phone is decent for the price with all the negatives pointing to an average phone at this price. The Lava iris 104q seems to be a better option.
Good phone... Great site to buy from and for a better price. I got the phone on 15 January, and as on 21st February, there have been no problems. It is running in excellent condition. To talk about the phone, it has great specifications compared to other phones in its price range. But of-course to get everything for low price means there is a little drawback in quality. There are some minor problems with the phone, for example the 'back' button(touch) does not respond well every time, and at times acts as home button and there are some other minor but occasional software glitches... But if one can adjust to such minor glitches... This is a wonderful phone for them. Internal memory is mentioned as 8gb, but only 5.3gb (approx.) can be utilized by the user. Which might not be enough to install more than 2 or 3 big games. There are two Sim card slots one for Mini Sim and the other for Micro Sim. One of the great features offered is the ability to mount a USB storage device, like pen drives, to access the files directly without the aid of a computer.
Well, indeed this mobile is a head turner under 7K department. Seriously, it's a true competitor to Moto E and maybe Redmi 1s. After using it for 4 days, I have found this mobile user-appetizing. 1) Powerful working process - did not lag anywhere. 2) Great video playback and yes, including HD. 3) Has the options like - Default write disk change to SD card, Security features like Face and Voice unlock. 4) Rear camera works fine along with the flash only if you don't want some professional photographs. Front camera has no picture lagging, it always tries to challenge the rear camera in taking pics with some Ok-fine kind of pics. 5) Bluetooth connecting well, but for me it took very few minutes initially - don't know about the others in future. 6) Wi-Fi connected instantly. 7) 0.89 for Apps and 1.67 internal storage. 8) Initially I had more than 600 MB RAM free. 9) Faced very slight heating issue, but not for too long - so it's absolutely fine. 10) 3G connects superbly. 11) Haven't yet tried GPS, so cannot say anything about it. 12) Battery back up works neutrally - Sometimes it drains faster and sometimes slowly. I have used the mobile from 8 AM till 2 PM - installing apps, whatsapp-ing and checking the phone and the battery reached to 50%, but a battery saver app can save you for almost 5-6 hours before charging. I am not so sure about the battery draining from video watching coz haven't still done that. 13) Speaker quality is fine until and unless you don't expect Woofer sound system. You could consider this among Lenovo A6000, Honor Holly, Redmi 1s and moto E...
BASED ON ONE WEEK USAGE Battery Don't buy it if you live in a dessert where in you get to charge only once a week or if you are looking for a great battery. This phone has an average battery with usage as below. (It takes around 1 hour to charge it completely) 6-7 hours on High Usage: If you play a lot of games and internet usage it high battery will drain out very very soon. 11-13 hours on above average usage: Either game or internet or video watching 20-24 hours on Average usage: Normal usage like half hour game play and few hours of WhatsApp and normal internet usage can lasts the battery for a day. 2-3 Days: This was I tested personally with One sim in and Wifi on and the battery lasted for 2.5 Days. Camera Don't Buy this phone if you are clicking family photo precisely to keep memories, Camera is average but can't say it’s bad. Good to use for clicking for sharing on WhatsApp and using it as low end alternate of your digital camera just as a handy camera. Front Camera is good 2MP though. Performance This phone has an amazing performance I have tested few of the high end Games and all worked perfectly like Asphalt 8 , real racing 3 , GTA and others. Quad core and 1 GB ram make it snappy. Touch is very very smooth you would love to work on the phone. (Rooted same day and works fine) Display I have earlier read in some of the reviews that it has a low resolution which produces pixelate images and has a yellow tangent. But mind it, it has an awesome display, color reproduction is great and images look great on this display. Android A1 vs Unite2 ?? My brother has purchased Android A1 just before I got this, and honestly I really like Unite2 look better than A1. Although the features are almost same just the screen size is different but Unite2 looks are awesome it’s just like the old Galaxy S2 or more of Nexus 2. Overall it’s a great phone to buy at in this range. So if you are looking for a good budget phone with great looks go for it.
I was looking for a first time buy of a smartphone, which was to be a good performer, budget range with 4.5" display or larger. Was considering the Lumia 530 (dual SIM) and this. Made the decision based on user reviews and must say that I am delighted. It has a large and crisp display, easy readability and very suitable for a first timer. However, the ROM seems limited and the number of apps that can be downloaded and installed also fill up the space avl on the phone. I moved all the apps to SD card (those possible), yet the space was limited. Must have to find ways to remove the micromax apps preinstalled and a few heavy google apps that are consuming space and not useful to me. Wi-Fi performance is a breeze, configuration was all automatic. It runs on one regular size SIM and one micro SIM. Any SIM will work anywhere, regardless of the other. I have a micro SIM on the second slot and the first slot is not used. Build quality is excellent , fit and finish are good. It comes with a screen guard and a charger and the usual headset as accessories. Call quality is good, although the ringtone volume is a little less, but manageable (as compared to my NOKIA X2). Touch interface is responsive with the screen guard. Battery life with only data usage (light) is about 2 days. Camera takes good photos and acceptable videos. Night video with flash on Diwali day was excellent. All in all. a great budget phone. WiIl post more on usage.
Ok, so let me get this straight. If you're planning to buy this phone it means your budget is around 6.5 K. now ask yourself what all do u expect within such a budget? In reality, you shouldn't be expecting a perfect phone in this budget. But let me tell you - Micromax Unite 2 is the best phone that you can purchase within this price range. It has good features and the features justify the price range in which this phone falls. I have been using this phone for around a week now and here is my fair observation. My feedback is provided considering the fact that I have purchased a 6K phone and that I shouldn't be comparing the features with a 10k+ phone. Processor - Pretty Good; operation has been smooth without the phone hanging except for once or twice, that too was an application issue Display - Just about OK for the price I have paid; could have been better Touch - Pretty Smooth; Its worth it Battery - Decent enough; 2000 mAH lasts around 16-20 hours for me on average data usage and is Ok as per me Storage - Some of the applications can be moved to memory card and hence provides extra space for apps installation Looks - Very Good; I'm pretty much impressed by the good looks and sturdiness of this phone Camera - Just about OK; Dim light flash captures are mostly blur but images captured in good light are nice; 2 mpx front cam is pretty nice Music Quality - Good Enough
Very good phone in the price range. Dec 2013, I bought a Micromax Canvas 2 + and at that time that was the only mobile in 11k budget with 1GB RAM and other features like GPS, Wifi etc. Today Moto E and Micromax Unite 2 have brought the budget even down to 6 to 7k. I bought Unite 2 for my wife. Pros: Latest features - android kitkat 4.4, 1GB RAM, GPS, Wifi, Bluetooth, front and back camera etc. Cons: - The touch is not very sensitive (probably problem with my device only). Specially the back bottom does not respond unless u press it hard. - As someone else has pointed in their review, it shows < 1 GB internal phone storage. So not sure why they advertise as 4 GB internal storage. With Android KitKat 4.4 and probably with earlier versions too, you cannot move a lot of apps to external SD. So that is a constraint if you are looking for installing a lot of apps. Currently I have facebook, google maps, etc running on phone storage. Whatsapp and a few other apps run on external sd card. But so far, there are no Out of memory issues. - Camera quality is disappointing. It can take photos, but thats about it. I bought this over Moto E for its front camera. Will update after a few months to see how well it does.
My micromax unite 2 a10g with 8GB ROM is two months old now. It is awesome. Nice small budget phone with more features. Battery with okay with normal use. It last for one and half days and more for high phone calls and normal game play. Camera quality is okay with 5MP primary camera with flash light and 2MP for secondary camera. We cant expect beyond in this budget. With 1GB RAM I didn't feel any lagging or performance issues. Internal storage is 5.27GB but the apps storage is only 0.89GB. This is the only demerit in this phone. However this demerit can be overcome by rooting and repartitioning the phone. There are many guides regarding this (check- micromax repartition blog). I successfully partitioned my phone. Now my apps storage is 5.5GB and internal storage in 626MB (external memory storage extendable upto 32GB). Wifi connectivity and network connectivity are also good. Overall this is good phone with in this feature and budget. Simply go for it.
It has been 4 months i am using this Mobile. During the initial months u l find the device Great but slowly and steadily THE TOUCH RESPONSE GETS SCREWED !! The Mobile begins to Hang. But THE GOOD PART IS THAT : AS IT HANGS JUST DOUBLE PRESS THE POWER BUTTON TWICE "SLOWLY" AND UNLOCK IT. OVERALL A VERY HANDY MOBILE. CHEERS.
I ordered this from Gabbar deals on Amazon. opted 2 day delivery paid 50/- extra for this option. Was pleasantly surprised to see it arrive by 4pm the next day in Chennai ! The original packaging was all there & superb. I had done my research comparing lot of other makes & models of phones before ordering this by reading detailed reviews & customer opinions on Flipcart and amazon and other tech review sites. Usually flipcart contains lot of detailed reviews compared to any other site and the people there allow posting of bad reviews too which makes for unbiased site from ppl who actually bought & used the product. I had an LG Optimus Dual before for 2 years and played around a lot with its 512k memory with lot of rooted apps , and after rooting could practically move any and every app to sdcard (screen widgets and phone related programs should not be moved to sdcard) and its still working great but I wanted to see a bigger screen than my existing 3.2" phone as it started straining my eyes sometimes and the on screen keyboard smaller size gives lot of spelling problems in my emails which my friends who read the emails complained. Smaller keyboards more difficult to operate normally. This is no longer any problem with this new phone and i can type easily on this phone's 4.7" screen. The phone has 1gb ram (746 mb free since the seller had already loaded most of apps usually used). I am not sure how much ROM it has. I believed it had 8gb ROM when I ordered it based on the specs listed on amazon but i think maybe its only 4gb ! It had still some freespace in Rom in case you want to trf some more apps there so no issues here but vendor could be more forthcoming about the correct specs since on some sites this phone listed as 4gb ROM and in others as as 8 gb which makes it hard to compare prices ! Display is 240ppi 4.7" IPS display and I found it quite clear and fluid experience to use even though had some apprehension earlier as nowadays 340 ppi is common in high end phones (iphone 4s has only 240 ppi screen you know ?!!). Voice & sound is also clear. FM radio present but i heard some crackling maybe needs better antenna. The quad core A7 cpu and Mali 400 gpu are powerful enough for demanding apps. somecppl wrote about phone heating problems but my phone nener got hot. Only normal warm near camera at back when playing games or while charging. Charging takes 4 to 5 hours but its not a problem. The 2000 mAh battery lasts 8 to 10 hours even longer if you dont talk 8 hrs continuously (who does ?)! It has both internal card from mfr provided & you can use your own external sdcard. You can go to phone settings & select to which sdcard internal or external to save apps to ! Buy a class 10 or UHS 1 sd card for this phone and watch it fly ! I suggest you can use this phone with its earphones to get clear sound experience, there is a full equalizer with sound effects in this android latest version KitKat version and i used it. phone boots up fast after full shutdown (reboot time). Its size gives big enough screen at 4.7" yet can hold comfortably in your hand or keep in pocket being quite slim & light. guys ! I feel this phone is technically better specs than motoE which retails about Rs.3500 more ! In fact I had compared & selected this over that. Ran benchmarks Cpuz, Antutu, and others. Antutu gave 17500 score which is half that of htc one ! which costs 5 times more. Unite 2 has a keyboard for every Indian language pre-installed. Thats why its name "Unite". I recommend this phone esp as micro Max has lot of service centers and my experience past 3 days is good. If you want any doubts cleared you can ask me on my email or here !
DON’T BUY THIS MOBILE PHONE because 0.9GB only usable for application download even if they shown 8GB internal memory. After few applications download (fb, watsup,3games) memory will cross to 800MB, notification message shows as LOW internal storage (& also Mobile is having unwanted inbuilt applications (these are consumes some memory in internal memory so finally available storage is less than 0.9GB)).. But some application can move to SD card but for application functioning, some % of memory will consume by internal memory in moved application & So only few application can use. This is the major disadvantage in this mobile. Touch screen: Slow response touch screen compared to MOTO E in this range. Given earphone is Poor quality. I think these disadvantages features may update in Canvas A1. Except these features, remaining is good PLEASE GO WHICH IS HAVING MORE INTERNAL MEMORY storage (8GB & MORE).
Oh I'm use 4 months long , no hang and no others issue ..great one ..
A worth for your penny.Just excellent for standard use. But the lack of app storage (<1gb) is really frustrating for high-end tech savies. This one is truely blazing with high features. No issues detected of lagging apps. Go for it... Amazon,according to my experience, is perfect for fast & quality delivery in reasonable price.
Ringer volume is very low even at the max setting. this is a critical issue, since the ring is not audible when the user is in a busy area even when the house is having little crowd. battery runs out rapidly than expected when compared to other phones. not yet started to use the features, and hence unable to assess further
Another Great Product by Micromax. Loved it. Great Mobile at a REALLY GREAT Price. Was Surprised to know that my friend bought the same product at 8000. So hat's off to AMAZON. Just ONE Problem that it's Back cover is so PLANE that your finger marks get stuck to it. OVERALL A BEAUTIFUL PRODUCT.
Great Phone but not satisfied with after sale service provided by the Seller the phone's button malfunctioned just after 2 days of Usage the Seller "Gadgets World".Micromax fixed it in 2 Days Pros:- 1.Performance 2.Screen Size 3.Price. Cons:- 1.After Sale service by the Seller
Awesome Phone.......Loved the packaging and build quality.......Inside the box we get the handset,battery,headset,charger,USB Cable with a screen guard (Micromax official)......it also includes all of its manual,warranty card etc.I got it delivered in 5 days...Packing by Amazon rocks with air-bags and seal!! Pros: Large enough screen Liquid-Smooth Performance and touch Pre-loaded with google and mmx apps that hardly use any of the internal space.. It comes with Kitkat ver.4.4.2 out of the box! Good video streaming and smooth UI and Browsing Net Rear-Cam is not bad having 5MP Cons: It has poor audio quality while receiving calls as well as playing songs or videos Quite heavy Front cam is only 2 MP Overall the phone is great and is out for the Android L 5.0 update !! Stole it for only RS.5200
My rating is for the product but for Amazon's service is a 5★, there service is far far much better then any online service in India (my experience). NOW let's come to product review I purchased this product in the month of july 2014 and It's 6 month till now and during this tenure I had problem with speaker and had to get it fixed. Phone has a big space issue as all the apps get downloaded to internal memory which is very less and since this phone gives option to move to external drive but most of the apps doesn't get transfer due to which space gets full and you cannot download any app from play store. I would recommend not to go with micromax as they are not durable as the chances are less that they will make you spend on its maintanence within 1 year of span from purchase date. I made a mistake but please any1 else don't go for this.
Avarage Product, Not bad in Rs. 5300 Battery performance is avarage not good. Sound Quality- Good Camara- as per 5mpa is ok. Most Drawback is- During calling some time hang problem, this is my second micromax mobile and same problem(old mobile A91). next time never buy micromax.
Internal storage is showing very low and can't download and install any apps from play store to phone storage
A very awesome phone in 7k. Far better than moto e. the camera is awesome in outdoor. No lags runs smoothly also on high graphics games like real steel. Just 1 prob at the back of the fone the micromax logo is made of some metal so it gets heated, but late. The other micromax fone gets more faster heated
What make mmx unite 2 unique? -Both sim supports 3G ( Not in MMX nitro,12000/-) -Support OTG facility MMX unite 2 supports OTG.The only thing is that u need to root your phone…please go through XDA forum to know the details regarding rooting and OTG fix.I hv a rooted MMX unite 2 .now i was able to update all preloaded apps.was able to connect USB via OTG .no issues regarding low internal memory since i was able to uninstall/move preloaded apps to SD card with the help of link2SD app.better battery backup with the help of greenify app. Take a backup (readback)of stock ROM before rooting so that you can easily unroot your phone if needed. Rooting voids warranty.but in most cases they wont check ur device to know rooted or not. Last day i had repaired my rooted mmx phone from mmx customer care.
If you have a budget between 6k to 7k range then this is the best phone available right now. Specifically Micro-max Unite2 is the only phone which has 4.7" display in the the range of 7k. Display quality is decent so don't be afraid of any rumors about display quality Really fast and speedy since processor is awesome since it has Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 Sound quality is also reasonable unless you compare it with Chinese phone with lots of speakers. Design and look is also very good. Let me assure you that this is the best mobile in this range currently and far much better than Moto E only 1 drawback I identified was Camera quality not being good and it should have the 8 Mega pixel camera instead of 5 Megapixel. Also only 800 mb of space for installing applications which should have been at least 2 gb.
All my smartphones suddenly got out of order. I needed a backup phone. I went to Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon and went through specifications, reviews and prices. It took me 03 days to chose a mobile and I chose Micromax Unite 2 A106. I ordered it from Amazon.in and got it delivered in 03 days I am pleasently surprised to find a mobile of Rs 7000/- can be so good. Except for the camera and build quality I am satisfied for everything. The battery has superb performance with 3G and FM. Remember I generally use Galaxy Note 2, Apple Iphone 4 and Galaxy S2. And naturally the benchmark of comparison is high. But Micromax Unite 2 A106 has surprised me and make me happy. Thanks to Micromax and Amazon. and thanks to me for not choosing any basic phone. It would have been waste of around Rs 1500 to 2000. Con : It gets heated up a little at the back near the Micromax logo on heavy use of app in Vodafone 3G.
Although mobile is having best configuration in least price but mobile is slow, low internal space for applications touch screen is not responding many times. A new problem is arriving, Call is hanging after 1-2 minute. Overall i am not satisfied with the performance of Unite 2..
I got this for my dad. the product was delivered before time (and that was awesome :) very good packaging AND the phone is totally awesome,, good touch and screen size is really Comfortable while using in 1hand . Using it from 5 days ,battery backup is goood Whole day on wifi -what else do u want ? just some note- when i first installed the battery in my handset,it didnt start ,Also it was not charging ( i was really worried and thought of replacing ) but After couple of trying it to PLug it again , it started and totally working.. took me 15 min to start it :P ...... I guess it can happen some time..for a new battery ..i softly scratched the plug in points And it worked like miracle ;) well.. Unite 2 is Awesome in tht price range...
overall ok product by micromax some cons:- 1) Battery drain fast 2) If u insert memory card downloads and other goes to it phone memory then can not be writeable (5gb Can not be used directly to fill with downloads) if memory card is not inserteted then ok 3) Comes wd junk of default apps and games which waste memory 4) Only 1 Gb is avilable for apps but cannot able to download from playstore even if 150Mb is avilable (can install apk file indirectly) thats it for cons now some pros 1) quite attractive look and nice design 2) fairly good camera (rear one ) and Front one is better compared to other models 3)1gb ram is enough for basic purposes like fb and whatsapp and some games
1st at all amazon service is great..bought this phone before expected delevery date..packing is not so good bt this phone is really worth of money ..The display is very good..4.7 inch screen is not problem to handling...Touch is really good..& camera in daylight is really good..u cant expect more in a 7k phone Last the internet speed is very fast .i am not a gamer though i have seen games are running smoothly..720 0 & 1080p videos are running smoothly... Onely one problem is in this phone is heating when using 3G ..sound quality is very bad in headphone..bt jst use powe Amp music player & use sansung/sony 3.5 mm jack headphones.the sound quality wil then awasome :) :) So go for mmx unite 2 in this range
Every thing works fine untill now.The battery back up is also good Lasts for more than 24 hrs on normal usage.graphics rendering is smooth. Camera is good. The only concern is device get warm on the back side on backside while playing high end games.
A great step towards giving the latest hardware and software support in this price but the lack of battery power again makes it not useful for heavy gamers and net addicted people. Overall I can say a good phone for average usage personnel's.
This is my 5th order.. Now I bought this for my friend... I'm recommending people to go for this all rounder model.. I was bought when it was launched (with 4GB).. Happy about the Camera quality and overall performance.. Value for money.. Pls note: I'm not a Gamer. So there is no gaming experience.. As per other reviews, it is working perfectly for Temple run and equallent games.. Advising to install DU Battery saver & DU speed up aps .. Battery is great for one full day with bluetooth & GPRS on condition.. 60% remaining by 8pm for normal usage.. what else required ? If you enable "Wifi" & "3G" will drain battery...
Unite2 is a very good product from the family of micromax with lot of facility.I recommend this phone to all my friends.Only prblm is its internal memory for installing apps and low quality earphone.I rate it 5 star.Because i am unite2 user.
Good mobile, very good GSM signal reception in every corner of your house. Good battery life. Camera quality is very good for 5mp stills and 1080p video recording@17mbps. you need to set ISO during inhome shots to 200-400. Antutu :17800, Quadrant: 8841, Nenamark 2: 63.4fps@ 800 x 480. gaming is perfect with heavier game like Asphalt 8 and Modern Combat 4. quad core 1.3 GHz, 1 GB RAM, and you get more then 650 MB on your First start. 4.7" IPS display is very good with good viewing angle and direct sun light visibility is also good among its price bracket. apps can move to external storage but OTG is not supported at least in my mobile. it is better then Redmi 1s and Android one mobiles.
The bad thing about it is that the back cover, which is white in colour gets dirty quickly (in a day for me).. Its not glossy finish and it aborbs all dirt from our hand, when sweat etc.. Thats really bad.. Now itself, it looks old, because of that..!!! -- We cant install more than a few apps, if we start updating any app, it will show the message of insufficient memory..!!!! -- Only 0.89 GB internal memory allowed for APP installation, a major portion of which is occupied by preinstalled apps by google.. -- Its really a flaw from IMcromax side, that we cant move the apps even to internal SD card too..!!! --Except that, it works fine.. --It comes with a screen guard in the box.. No external memory card.. --OS is Older version of KITKAT.. --battery back up is better -- have lots of options to select ringtone, gallery option, etc..
Hey all. If you want to go for mmx then go for it. It has got lolipop update. You can be update your phone in your nearest service centre or thought OTA. After update to Lolipop you can uninstall many unnecessary pre installed app. After update Advatages found: 1) Memory size for app increase to 4.75 GB. 2) Battery life much increased. 3) Camera quality improved 3 times then kitkat. 4) High End game runs very very smoothly then kitkat. 5) The touch sensitivity has improved. 6) Colour resolution of Screen increased. Disadvatages: 1) Cant move application to SD Card. ( It is only for Lolipop ) I am very happy with the update.
The only problem is vid cam quality is not that gud up to 10 Feet its fine , but after that u hav to go vid hd mode which not that easy cause it demands very still handling . . . . . .else it is the best answer to moto g . . . N
I am using this phone, since a month. I would like to add just one note here for those who are thinking of buying this phone. The phone has 0.89 GB of free memory. [ Phone storage ]. Internal storage is 5 GB. External memory is upto 32 GB. All applications get stored in phone storage by default, so it becomes a problem. You always run short of space. Error comes, while sending whatsup videos and pictures, due to less memory and applications gets stored in phone memory. I am about to sell this phone away, after less then a month of usage. Other features are good, but due to less storage, phone seems to be useless & a money waste. Thanks.
I was incredibly impressed with the quality of this phone. It is a very useful phone at a very great price at Amazon. The display is really good and it is very easy to set up. This was purchased as a gift for a friend of mine in India. I had to setup the phone and make sure all the necessary files and apps that he would need were downloaded. The phone is quick to respond. I love the fact that it has a dual SIM card (both a regular and a micro) feature which did not need for me to cut down his existing SIM card to size before it would work on this phone. I would greatly recommend to anyone seeking to use a smartphone and this is a great beginner's phone.
Its hard flipcover saved my phone from being damaged , accidentally when it had fallen from almost pocket height no damage to device but hard cover damaged.. Hardest phone from micromax : unite2 . .... Thank you micromax
one of the best budget phones availble when i purchased the main disadvntge was camera its very low quality even in day light hdr mode is not helpful at all even the slitest shake photo become blur and pre installed apps was another disadvantage other than that i found this to be a perfect phone its not a gaming phone then also i don,t get lag (not used high end games) and most people were critical about mmx service i have to face them once with software issue but there the representatives were very responsive as they took less than an hour to fix my phone so my main worry didnt become true so overall a good buy for me
Battery drains quickly when opened net & heats up.I bought 8 GB mobile but when we going to copy from blue tooth or go for down load it showing no space.when checked space still 5 GB place,not able to down load,copy.
wonderful perfomance. MAD applications were very much disturbance. Smart delivery .Battery withstands 6hrs.Nice camera.FINE Resolution. Buildin apps are not up to the mark.Totally very smart for this price
brilliant phone. Fast and snappy. Runs games like asphalt and dead trigger 2 with ease. Best thing is that you can install apps directly to the SD card. Just buy a class 10 16gb card and you'll be all set.
Hello frnds .. This micromax unite2 is a good phn ...im ising this phn frm last 5 months ... Nd i didn't face any type of problm ....battry backup is good .. Its an excellent phone in this price ....
Micromax is cheating innocent people. Internal memory is claimed to be 8GB. But memory available for installing apps is less than 1 GB. The balance is internal sd card memory. Don't buy micromax mobile.
This handset is worth buying in this price range. Best set for starters. Best specifications. Display is very bright. processing is very fast. Giving competition to moto e.
Lovely phone received at a lovely time thanks ! I am very satisfied with the phone's performance. The only issue being that it is it has hooked my dad to whatsapp.. I'm happy for him
Right now we have 4 budget 1GB ram devices running Android 4.4 Kitkat. - Unite 2 A106, Lava IRIS X1, Moto E and Xolo Q600s. Each device has its own pros and cons. Performance : Unite 2 performs better than all other devices mentioned above as it is running a Quadcore mtk6582 chipset capable of running most high end games without any issues. Antutu Benchmark score : 16500 (Moto E scores around 13000, Iris X1 scores around 12500 ) , Nenamark 2 : 63. Display and Build quality : Unite 2 only has a WVGA resolution. A qHD display seen on Moto E is far better than the one on Unite 2 or on Iris X1. Lookwise, iris X1 tops the list,but build wise Moto E comes on top. Unite 2, though plasticky,has a better built quality than Iris X1. Operating System : Android 4.4.2 Kitkat runs the show here. The overall UI is fluid and easy to navigate. However Moto E has a slight advantage in this department as Motorola is promising software updates,but they are not saying it will get Android 5.0 rather, i guess the next 4.4.3 update. Camera : Moto E has a fixed focus 5MP camera only, with no flash,where as Unite 2 and Xolo Q600s sports a 5 MP Auto Focus camera with flash,plus there is a front shooter for video chatting. Iris X1 on the other hand comes with a dual LED flash 8MP auto focus camera. Battery : All these devices have similar capacity batteries which can get you one day of moderate usage on Wifi. Battery is sure gonna drain faster when using 3G data. Overall Unite 2 is a good budget device to own. I would have given 5 stars if this came with a better display.
A good phone for a small budget. The performance and the speed of the phone is awesome. comes with a 5.3 gb internal memory (very handy indeed). nice display quality. audio quality is quite good. It captures the signals well and hence we get a decent browsing speed even for a 2G network. The camera quality is the only negative aspect. The camera works fine in day light, but when it comes for night time photography, we get a horrible experience!!! Overall, it is good buy below 7k containing high performance configurations, except for the camera in dim light!!! And splendid delivery work from amazon. got it on the 2nd day of order. thank you!!
I am buying a smartphone for the first time and I'd like to say this is good.. The problem i found with this phone is that it heats up on playing good graphics games and drains the battery faster.. I have not tried rooting the device.. but as of now the the battery stays for only about 20 hours on normal use... Well the upside i s that it runs all the applications without any kind of lag.. Its really fast and there was no problem running multiple heavy apps... About Amazon delivery: It was ok.. it came in 2 days and I picked it form fedex office.
Excellent futures with lowest price and quality is very good and it's price also very less and it's looks very good and i thanks to Amazon for providing this product with lowest price
I like everything about this phone except internal memory. It has 1GB internal memory which is too low. The 5.5GB in internal SD card but can not be used to store apps and app data.
nice just get delivered in 3 days and awesome phone but honestly camera is not that good but takes good pics and user memory is 800 mb which is low for app and internal is 8 gb
Must read this review. I purchased this mob, but now it gets suffering with lack of apps memory. Only 890mb for apps and its totally the worst side. I didnt need the 5gb in phone, dats wat i dint understand why micromax gave only 890 mb for a 8gb phone. Battery backup is also poor. Main Cons: *Only 890mb for apps *Poor battery backup *No resale value Otherwise go for it
Product looks good and has nice features, but additions made by the Micromax to the Android are ruining the experience. There is lag in the touch, especially the back button placed below the screen. MAD feature, which intrudes during the call making is frustrating and adds to the confusion. I know this is a budget phone, but with competition on its back, Micromax could have solved the issues, rather than cluttering its product portfolio with so many non significant and confusing phones at each price point. They lack differentiation.
when it comes to performance..it is good in the said department..making a good choice in the budget of around 6200 bucks camera is also decent(both,front n rear) no lag in running too.. but cons is its internal space of .89gb only...(however i get rid of this problem by rooting n making a internal space of 3gb approx after rooting) and the other major problem is its back button located on the lower side of screen..it does ot get press so easily..u hav to press 2-3 times its interface is also not that good..
I just receive this mobile on yesterday. . I like its all features ... like as...Kitkat version, Display, sound, video clarity, camera, and also battery was also fine... but if in this mobile can add 1 more features so thn it become the complete handset and the features name is "Pen drive attached' this ..feature is also in the Lava Iris X1 but overall the mobile is...Gud ...at now and also thnx to...Amazon. because they deliver this handset in only 1 day..so very very thnx....to amazon
Micromax Unite 2 A106:- It is very nice phone at a given price level, a good deal from Amazon.in. Phone build quality is nice, camera with flash is very good, it generates very sharp picture quality even in low light places. 8Gb ROM is also a plus point for this phone. Display quality is very nice at a given price level. Sound quality of back speaker is good but if you like very loud sound this phone might not for you. Battery performance is also decent on wi-fi. Overall it is a very good deal at this price point.
The phone is awesome. The icons are more like those in iOS than those in Android. It has got Wi-Fi direct although I experienced some problems while using it. Battery could have been better. The quad core processor gives lag free experience. Minimal bloatware means u have got a lot of free RAM.You can move apps to sd card from the 0.89 gb of quota which is provided by phone. Although I have not yet figured a way to install apps which are more than 0.89 gb in size. Overall, the phone is best in its range...
very good spec for this price range. Camera quality also good and its fast than expected. would have given 5 star if there is option to uninstall pre installed app
Purchased from flipkart 6 months back. It is really a superb phone for its price range. Real life performance is excellent. you got almost 450mb of RAM free all the time. never lagged while switching between apps and and casual gaming is fine, It will heat up when playing high end games like Asphalt 8. Rear camera is ok but front camera is great. battery life is average, you need to charge it at the days end. writing this review because i'm going to sell it as I'm getting the new Yureka from YU.
Product is good, the only problem with this is that even after having 1 Gb RAM, and 8Gb internal memory, you can't download many apps, it shows insufficient memory error. Also pre installed apps are too many, and these apps occupy a large part of memory. Note: If you are also getting insufficient memory error, please "uninstall the updates" of pre installed apps eg. Google Apps. You can't uninstall the apps completely, but you can uninstall the updates for those.
Got the order in 2 days & it's 3rd one I'm having in home, everything's alright in this pocket friendly phone except that it has ONLY 0.89 GB for application installation. 8GB ROM is only to deceive people. One have to move app (obviously all apps are not movable) to SD card to free specified memory.
Hi all, I am writing this review after on month of use. I have brought this phone by studying its specifications and recommendation by friends. I think its a budget phone with some cons. 1. Touch become unresponsive some times. 2. Battery drains very rapidly when you connect to internet and while playing games. 3. Camera quality is poor but flash is good. I recommend this phone for those who are not using internet and games.
it is nice to have that level of affordable mobile in that price which is sophisticated for use and easy to carry and handle all the application
I purchased this phone almost 1 month ago.... It comes with awesome features in a much reasonable price.... The phone is working smooth till now.... The cameras(both front & back are awesome).... Everything else is awesome..... But the only problem is apps installation space..... I have very limited apps in my phone.... It is okay for me & people like me should go for this set but those who wants lots of apps in their phone should not buy unite 2....
I purchased a micromax unit 2(a106) one week back and want to return it because when purchased amazon web site clearly mention interal memory is 8 GB but really system memory is 89mb and facing problem to download the apps because of therevare no space in system memory. There are no option also to transfer this apps to sd card.you can see also other website mention internal memory is 89MB clearly while amazon mentioned its 8 GB. Susanta mallick
great mobile in this range. never hangs. gives very clear image. but not very good front camera. 3g with video calling. overall very good...,
Good phone with good features .camara v good. Battery good . ringing volumes are not good as expected .overall nice price .Thanks to Micromax
awsome mobile ,ive used skype for 1hr and battery backup is good ,,,loved this mobile ,plz buy this because it has a perfect price.....
Nice phone with sleek design worth for the money. The touch is very responsive. Best in this price range. Will write a long term review later
Don't buy this phone because with-in 7 months the battery failed and not able to charge and I visited Micromax service centre they saying that warranty period of Battery is only 6 months so need to purchase a new battery.......... THIS IS MY KLIND REQUEST DON'T BUY THIS PHONE I expect a good support from Micromax but not get from their end... but my bad luck is yesterday I purchased Nitro A311 may be this will be my last phone from Micromax..
Dear moto e might not flash not gr8 body. But. If hardware functioning n software interface. .its best. Only a quality guy can understand
Very excellent phone within your budget. Value for money. Hope Micromax will come with more options like this phone with reasonable rates.
Phone is good with few cons. Space reserved for apps installation is very low due to which limited apps can be installed. Touch response is not good compared to Canvas series phone's of Micromax. Back button at bottom touch response is very poor, one have specifically click on exact mark to move back page. Audio quality for music is average. Good part is the specifications of the phone considering the price.
Bought it for my mom. Everything about it is perfect. The only thing that bothered me is that the phone memory (not internal SD card), is very low. And we can't uninstall MAd and other Micromax apps (disabling is an option). Also, sometimes the capacitive button don't work, have to press them a number of times. Other than that, it rocks. If you want a low budget and are new to Android, I would definitely recommend this.
the worst mobile ever saw and used its been only 1 month and it has made me irritate so many time.. it hangs every time i use and if i start to play asfalt it stucks and need to remove battry camera is little bit good and all features waste i added only 2 gb of game to it but also it hangs this is a s*** i say u dont buy this kind of mobiles its just waste of money unstead u should try lenovo a7000 for long term use.
the phone gets heated up quickly in gaming and also just browsing internet sometimes. The network coverage is distorted for some reason and my data connection keeps fluctuating during browsing and does not get a quick response other than , the phone has tremendous performance in this range ,this phone is meant for gaming ,for just 7000 this is the best phone getting rid of the bloatwares this phone will be excellent.
Excellent set. user friendly operation, very good camera with 5MP & 2MP, 3G super speed, I used with BSNL 3G, Also u can run internet on PC with bluetooth tethering from mobile and u can run internet on mobile with USB tethering from PC, only bad thing is battery 2000 mAh lasts only for less than one day with 3G. Can not access Pen drive, But u can connect mobile itself to a PC.
Good Phone, with 8 GB ROM. But then too facing problem of low application installation space. Problem in playing HD videos too.
Micromax Unite 2 product is good for available price. I did find some drawbacks with the product. Ram is too low, no space will be left if updates(built-in applications) happen, can't install other application and run. Speaker is at back, which mutes the sound(ringtone), speaker doesn't respond properly with Skype call as a result end up with low hearing. Overall satisfaction is average with the mobile.
Product - Value for money. Love the size and features. I have been using it for a month now and am happy. On the downside, pre-loaded apps are a pain. They take too much space - 50% of RAM is Finished and cannot be uninstalled. Touch screen can seem little unresponsive, if you have used Samsung or Motorola earlier, which I have :-(. But overall good product. Battery life is ok.
I bought it for rs 5850.good product bt battery backup was not good when i use internet and camera otherwise worthy product..
Wonderful device still exploring well designed coloured set fast browsing does not hang as samsung liked it very much thanks
Awesome product worth every penny you spend.... I have been using it for 7 days and their hasn't been any problems at all... Only one noticable fault i have seen with this product is phone gets a bit heat on backside of the phone at the micromax logo... I am not quite sure what is making this fault.... Well I can say that Micromax Unite 2 is a great product and everybody should consider this product
Bought this phone a week before from local market for Rs 6700.Frankly i am not a MMX product fan.Usually i think these are Chinese craps selling products such in a low price with with high end configurations.Before this i was using SONY XPERIA U(ST25I) as i am a sony products fan but all i can say is that sony xperia was a Chinese crap so i thought to try this out.Coming to the phone so far so good.
feature wise it is a very good fone. camera result is also good. but if you are samsung mobil user you can easily distinguish the touch sense is not upto mark. especially when you want click on like button or comment button in fb or you want to directly click on some hyperlink you first have to zoom it and then you can click it. capacity wise & ram wise it is very good....flash light is also good...
Dont go for it if u want to listen to music. It is pathetic. Not only that it gets hot during even normal usage.
Average product in this price range ...build quality is low ... average camara...The main problem is its only have 0.89 Gb Phone memory is available ...if you install facebook on your phone its automatically installed on phone memory And its deduct Almost 40MB whatsapp Viber And other software Update Should Be install On Phone memory....So Think Before Buy...Phone Working Great No Lag Till Now...
Average product in this price range ...build quality is low ... average camara...The main problem is its only have 0.89 Gb Phone memory is available ...if you install facebook on your phone its automatically installed on phone memory And its deduct Almost 40MB whatsapp Viber And other software Update Should Be install On Phone memory....So Think Before Buy...Phone Working Great No Lag Till Now...
Theproduct it good. got it with the lollipop update itself. 3.5 of 5 but the touch is not at all good i would rate 2 of 5 for touch camera is good 3.5 of 5 front cam also good battery seems good till now 4 of 5 the space issue with kitkat is cleared with lollipop getting a 5GB The screen which comes with phone is not at all good
Ordered yesterday and product was delivered today it was fast before expected date thanks amazon The product was good no defects nthing just perfect bulid quality was nice mate finished back panel smooth kitkat ui,nice packing,screen guard,etc And who says the camara was bad its good at this price rang with flash the picks were nice. Micromax is making fab product's U cant expect more than this in just under 7k Keep it up micromax "nothing lyk anything" Over all the shopping experience was good with Amazon super fast delivery better than flipkart. Guys go for it.
Awesome!!!!!!!!!! 1GB RAM & 1.3GH quad core processor in so cheap rate is just cool.But due to low memory storage,running an heavy application becomes very hard.In this world of Applications running out of memory is not tolerable but keeping in mind its rate I appreciate it.By the way,it is very smooth and sensitive to use.If you are in budget it is really a GOOOOD DEAL for you__I SWEAR!!!!!
Nice phone to have specially gifting it to your partner or girl friend. Not too much heavy hand set, its a light and good looking phone to have. I am very happy to have this phone. Thanks Amazon, I would suggest you guys to improve your delivery performance, your product should be delivered in one of two days of order usually other websites do this, apart from this your service is good:)))
I'm writing this review after using 1 month this phone. Now one thing that I have to say "great phone at this price range". Its much better than Moto E. Processor, Ram, Display, Battery backup, Camera, Video recording all are great at this price.Touch is very smooth. Great looking smart phone. No hanging at all during 1 month. Just need to disable MAD App.So don't think friends Go for it.
I have purchased it from Amazon. Performance is fluidic though it has 1.3 ghz quad core preocessor. I am impressed! :)
Nice phone. Very responsive touch screen. Decent battery backup. I am not a frequent gamer. More than a day of power provided by the battery. Few inbuilt apps seems to be not of much use. Camera quality is nice. Memory given for apps is more than sufficient for my use. Apps can be moved to external SD card which is very useful. Sound quality is okay. A worthy phone for its price!
Love this device ! 1 GB RAM, internal 8 GB and 1.3 Quad core in 5000 bucks ! What more can you expect ! Using this product since yesterday and its just great ! Micromax truly is a great manufacturer ! No lags so far - nice battery life - smooth interface - powerful performance ! You've got 5000-5500 bucks to spend on, spend on this device !
The phone was defective as the touch screen sensitivity was bad. Had to return it back for poor quality supplied.
very nice & budget phone. camera quality is not bad. i-net is fast. display is poor quality. any way OK..... phone
Phone is good but its apps storage is low, otherwise phone is good. Micromax has to enhance its storage capacity.
The parcel came in properly packed case.Dilivered in time. A very good phone.you can add vernacular language in between sentences withbthe help of Reverie smartpad. It has Mad ad inbuilt.you can ear talktime by viewing ads. Handset get hot on long phone calls.The mic is not able to caputre the voice properly and hence have to cover the mouth and mice while speaking.
The day finally comes i recived my first android phone packing is good product is new n fresh Looking great
great service by amazon without 2 day gurranted delivery it reached on 2nd day phone is great at this range great camera , great gaming experience battery backup is good if you dont play too much games and only listen to music though the phone hangs sometimes and the internal phone storage is too low just 0.89 gb otherwise a great phone
I bought Unite 2 from amazon,& i am using it for 21 days,its heavy than that of other samsung phones,gaming is also fun!screen is good,1.3ghtz quad core processor helps to function it awesome,regional languages is one plus point,however i am no gratified about its memory,it should be more to install apps,otherwise in this price range it isolate itself from others.!
It is a best smartphone in 5k. it has good camera with flash so in dark night also it take good quality pictures. games like subway surf and temple run runs smoothly. the internet speed is also good. hd video is also playing good. only apps memory is For 1 Gb so you could only download Limited apps. from my opinion just go for buy it.
The device is faulty. The day I got the mobile (Jan 2015), every time I switched on 3G the signal would disappear. I talked to other Micromax users and came to know that it was a manufacturing defect and a common problem with all Micromax mobiles. I don't have the time and energy to run after customer care and service centers. I want the product to be replaced.
Good Mobile, Good facilti for this mobile, (May 2014 Release on Sales). 8gb Internal memory. 1gb Ram. 2gb Internal app storage. 5mp Back camera. 2mp Front camera. 5Mega pix (4.7) Display. Slim Mobile. Android Kitkat (4.4.2). Battery (2,000) Capacitive. Bluetooth 4.0v. Audio jack 3.5v. Usb Port 3v.
the back button is not so responsive,but every games that are downloaded from external websites like yourcrack.org works greatly but the games downloaded from play store like asphalt 8 will create problem when updating and camera is not so good as mentioned by others a good phone to buy at this range because i bought this thing
Awesome phone from Micromax. Trust me you'll not go for any other brand in same range once you used this phone. Thanks for giving such a good configuration in half of the price from other cheater smartphone manufacturers. Proud to buy from Indian manufacturer. Never lagged till now. Plays almost all games.. Smooth and fast touch experience..
Great phone in this price.... Brought it for 6.3k and its working in good condition.... And screen brightness in this phone is not so comfortable... At night even in lower brightness also it makes strain to eyes... It reflects more light... And screen touchin feel is as not as good as other phone of moto r samsung... It feels bit ruff compared to those...
This phone is a good deal ! The black and white color scheme makes it look sleek and sophisticated. Some of my friends said that this phone looks like it costs 20 - 30 K. One suggestion is that you might want to purchase an additional memory card. This way, you'll ensure that the phone is never short of storage capacity.
mobile is ok. Service is bad from micromax. Had to give this mobile to service center aftr 7 day of use because sensor was not working. they took 2 weeks to repair it with 100 of calls from my side. totally unsatisfied with post purchase service from micromax and will keep distance from micromax product from now onwards. Mobile performance is ok anyway.
Its really good phone and Suited my budget. It has all latest features The Looks and screen size is good. Camera is also good. Apps run smoothly without hanging. Gaming also good, Does not heat up like other phones Only Battery drains out fast when using Game. Earphone Music is also good Overall good Mobile Phone
This mobile has better look and easy on operating.No hang up while 3G browsing but tamil letters are not aligned properly which is not able to understand the words.Micromax should address the issue.Since this is my first android mobile I am not able to comment much on the mobile.Amazon's communication and delivery is prompt.Thanks to amazon.
I ordered this phone on 30th Oct @ 6153/- and delivered in 2 days. iam using this phone since last 20 days. I fully satisfied with this budget phone.fantastic phone. smooth working. never hang. i recommend strongly. u will not get so much features under 6500. battery backup is okay. Camera excellant. I already recommended this to my friends
I use this mobile for two weeks.It works well .In stand by condition the battery back up is ok,but if we use net or other programmes it discharges very fast. Moreover it gets heat while continuously working.The number dialing pad is high sensitive and we have to keep a great care while dialing numbers,otherwise the digits will change.
Phone is very good and camera is also good and got a screen guard along with this purchase like that.
Value for money.. Smooth transactions/animation.. No lag.. Better battery backup.. I had used mobile 2 days, 13hours (max) after charged full.. :* And one of my friend give me trick that is: I just added "&tag=getoff06-21" at the end of link and I got "Screen Guard" free.. 8-) feeling happy..
i have lost my phn please give me my bill's copy to fire a complaint in police bcoz the original bill i thrown with the packing i don't have any idea please deliver my bill's copy at my home with its info. mere pappa itne gusse me hai ki wo meri school band krne wale hai plz jldi se mere bill ki copy mere ghr pe pahuncha dijiye..thnx
Excellent mobile. Do not expect an iPhone performance from this budget phone. Overall performance is very good. Little disappointing thing is display's ppi which is less than 200. All applications are working good. Call clarity and battery life is very good. (Turn off GPS, WiFi and Mobile Data if you are not using them)
I order micromax unite 2a106 8gb, But i received 4gb instead of 8gb, Pls do the needful.
as m a regular customer of this site so some gift should be provided as a complementary .plz do it
Areal good service by amazon. The phn is the iPhone on this ptice range. Just a few spellimg mistakes in naming of a few icons. And the phn gets heated a lot. It is good they are making these phones available for such cheap rates... And people like me like it very much. Charger heats a lot and will reach its melting point soon
I used this product from last 3 months.nice display,camera and speakers are very good. overall am satisfied with this product. Pros: -Nice Display -Good Quality Camera -Speakers are also good. -while playing games it works smooth and phone don't get heat-up. Cons: -no Lolipop 5.0 Updates
The phone is not working properly within a short period of 15 day of purchase. Adequate space is not available for installation of apps. No battery. Bad Phone. Heatz up very fast and other problems too.
I love it so much.........according to cost its amazing, very happy to use this product............. i can't recommend it to others because every one has their own choices.Small issue is that phone internal memory is not exactly 8gb as it mentioned..... and every software has to be updated so much time consuming..........
I"TS GOOD FOR LESSER AMOUNT. I BROUGHT THIS MOBILE BEFORE ONE MONTH. its good but sometimes it is hanging. in messeges there is no separate folder for Drafts & Archive messages.For FM there is direct changing option. Otherwise it is good. Camera is too good. For selfie also its good. Go for micromax
One of the best product of micromax. Every thing about this mobile is good. Negative thing is that about battrey. Comparing to other mobiles. Battery power for unite 2 is little bit low. Anyway if uyour battery is low, you are going to charge. Delivery by amazon is very good. I give 5 star rating for delivery!
The phone is good but the 1.22gb ROM out of 8GB ROM is very less and u are not able to download customs apps. Everytime it shows insufficient space message. So need to disable some apps and clear cache to make space for apps that needs to be downloaded. Not able to install factory installed apps that negative point for this phone.
Very good phone. First time using micromax phone. It's camera is amazing and video recording is HD. 1GB ram give me a too good performance when i playing a high memory game like temple run,asphult,smash hit etc. Before i used sony experia and nokia but this time i learned that company can't give you happiness.
One of the best product from micromax... cheap but value for money...some of the preinstalled apps are not effective..else a good bargain.... using for the past 2 months ..fast and reliable....never hangs... amazon delivered it on time....thanks...Only problem is it's not supporting otg.... Suresh K
First time ordered a mobile phone from online, received a phone which has a powering ON issue , after charging also the same issue , contact between the battery and the phone wasn't sitting properly. Basically its a new mobile to look but completely defective one i got. Next day only i had return't it back.
Got a lollipop update and app downloaded memory is increased plus otg update also done..
Best phone for its price. Call quality is nice. Battery is also very good for its price range. The only demerit is the space provided for the apps. But then again, Its not fair to expect everything good in such an affordable budget. I liked the phone overall and i will be using this one for a long time.
received it before time issue with bill ---- amazon not giving printed bill display battery, function --**** appers of somewhat low quality built.. no big issue one slot is regular and other is micro sim card earphone ** value for money **** u can try motorolla e
The features of the phone are OK compared to the price tag. However the battery life is very poor even though it is 2000 mAH. It hardly lasts for half a day when charged fully in the morning, even if data is kept off. Now I am planning to check with Micromax service / Amazon Return policy & so on....!!
awesome mobile..Initially I was bit hesitate to buy micromax mobile as many of my friends discouraged me, but later it took chance of buying this mobile. Truly I feel very satisfied with this mobile I have been using it for past one year and no issues yet. More than worth of your money. GO FOR IT!!!!
Phone looks good. Nice big screen. Battery lacks the support to the screen. After first full charge, took about 30mins for the battery to drop to 73%. It shocked me, but then the battery started draining slowly. There's lag with the capacitive buttons. Over all its an excellent phone at such price.
Received a Defective phone , Voice not heard to the other caller, returned this phone.
best phone......in this buget i have used many android phone but this is too good coz u can move apps to sd card so 900mb of phone memory is good u can install dead trigeer asphalt 8 but please use 16 gb or more memory card...........itna paisa mei itna hi milaga....so dont think jst buy it......
The delivery everything is good the performance of the product is not as we expected.
Back key is not working properly. sometimes it doesn't work at all. I am very fed up with this. Now I have to go to service center and brand new mobile will be opened for repairing within one month of purchasing. Don't they check their product before sending. Customers has to suffer.
awesome phone..bought it from amazon..thanks for amazon overall the phone performs good..there is no lag in games...its rear camera is good in day light and not soo good in low light..the front camera does a very good job..display is good...sound clarity from loud speaker is too good
No issue so far except extended memory once inserted in slot issue start like not able to detect/access in-built memory files or extended memory files. Its completely un-traceable. So far working with not inserting extended memory in slot. Otherwise everything looks cool in this price-range.
Excellent phone at this budget.. Camera and battery is good.. Lollipop sucks.. LOL..
battery backup is ok but I expected much more on camera quality. camera quality just sucks. and the worst thing is that memory for app installation is very very low even after moving downloaded app to sd card it shows low memory because of which I am unable to update my apps
The touch screen of this product , the back botton is not working. Almost all micromax products are same problems. If any one buy a micromax mobile then he should take its to its crevice center within 1months. That much warrest products. I bought 2mobiles. Both are same things happened.
Firstly Thanks To AMAZON For The Price(5850) ? It's A Quite Good Deal And Coming To Phone Indian Proud maker MICROMAX At Their Best In The Price tag.Good Display,No lags I'm Not A gamer Just Plays Subway,and Talking Tom,That;s It.So No Lag No Heating And Good battery back-up.So Go For It.
Very good one if u value for your price..The only problem is that of storage..even though it comes with 8GB of internal storage you are left with only 0.89 GB of space..so,before installing any new app you need to free the space which is a big problem..overall the phone is good one ..
first of all....thanks for the great service from amazone...booked on 17th and delivered on 19th. about the product ...good light weighted...awesome look.... working with good speed no lag.....camera clarity not up to the mark...kit kat works smoothly..........greAT phone from mmx
Simply Superb!!! Very pleased to receive my order before estimated time. Product is as my expectations but there is insufficient disruption given here about dual sim... This model requires micro sim card for sim2 slot and it's nowhere mentioned ... So please provide full description.
It's a very good and damn terrific phone at this budget the phone dimension is something to watch which is vry good at 6k dis phone is the best the games run very smoothly the calling mic is vry good but camera is average as it show artificial colours but it's worth I would say.....
Awesome Mobile.. Contains All Latest & Updated Features.. No Lags, Runs Smoothly.. I bought 2nd one for my a gap 1 week. the price is increased and the 2nd phone only 4 GB memory but the 1st one having 8 gb memory. If you planning to buy pl. check and buy.
Phone with this price is very good. Browsing and Navigation very fast. Good Sound quality. Cons: 1. the back button does not respond quickly 2. Internal memory is completely occupied with unused apps from MicroMax 3. Cam good only in daylight and outdoor
it is a good budget mobile Pros:- 1.) Enough Ram 1GB 2.) Enough Speed 3.) Battery Backup Ok (considering normal android mobile) 4.) Camera ok Cons: 1.) Issue with clarity of normal Sound / Loud speaker (Micromax should try to improve it )
nice product. I am not feeling any lag while playing any game and all. one thing which I felt is the display which is bit less sensitive to touch but at this price we can ignore this. coming to the amazon delivery.....it wonderful. I got the product in the next day itself.
I bought is phone from amazon, got after 3 Days at a competative price and i am fully satisfied with the quality of this phone. super display, both cameras are good. Videos captured by this phone truly superb. Internet speed is well even on 2g. Design is also very good.
The mobile is a good one but don't know why the charging has been getting down from the last 2 months and I've even visited the service center where they told me to reset the mobile but the problem still prevails.........I just think I got a piece with a damaged battery!!!!!
Everything is outstanding at this price..speed display standby everything is fine.but internal memory for applications is only about 1 gb and the system apps already cover 500 MB of it..so after a few installation and updates low memory warning starts which is disappointing
Amazon's delivery speed was superb. I received my phone before 24 hours. The phone ia preety good. Its pixel density is very good. Camera is outstanding. With a better screen and lower price,it is always better than moto e. Go for it. But don't forget to buy it from Amazon.
Its not working properly.in one month its shotdown atomaticly.bad experiance.
A awesome phone in its current price range (<7000/-). The camera quality is good, gaming exp. is amazing!! Internet browsing is cool, and all other regular services like call, messaging, app management is great too! Overall I am pretty satisfied with this purchase. :)
not so happy with Product Reason 1) Phone has 5.23 GB Free memory but not able to install any app 2) The sound of incoming caller person is too low 3) the back cover provided by co is not perfect & loose. The only happy thing is PRICE at which I got this product on Amazon
Good phone in this price range..Delivered on time by Amazon..Better than moto g or any other smartphones in this price and proud to purchase an Indian brand. As a pleasant surprise, white color variant comes with 8GB internal storage as other color variants have only 4GB.
In this budget it is an awesome phone with so many features built inside. also has a smooth functioning. there is no problem playing heavy games and camera is also quite good anr better than all other phones in this range... overall it is an awesome budget phone..
First of all thanks to amazon for its superior service and pakaging. Micromax unite 2A 106 is an set that anybody want to have. Performance is better than any other set in this price range. So go for it. But it would be much better if a longer battery is provided.
I bought this 3 days back and now I want to return it as the wifi automatically goes off and it only come back if I hard restart the phone. I can not download any apps even it have all the space free it says the space is not enough to install the app. I dont know what will I do on this phone if I can not install any apps on this.
This is a amazing phone by Micromax!! I got it for Rs.5849 although its cost has decreased to Rs.6050 in ordinary market. Anyway it is a nice phone, camera clarity is better than other 5MP cameras.... For the first week and it works without any lagging....
I dont have option for negative marking els i would have given - 5 star. Always have no space to install application. I have un install existing application to install new. Worst mobile i ever used. If anyone have to spend 6000, go for other option.
This mobile is awesome, for this cost you'll never get anything better than this. Camera is good but only thing is front camera(2 MP), it should've been better. And other than this android OS v4.4, its cool. It's worth it to buy this mobile for the specified cost .
Oooossmmm fon... Gud in 7k.all things r gud bt btry bkup is so poor nd touchng pad is not wrkng sm tim. I bought it in 6500 bukks. Acordng the pric it is gud... Im disapont with btry nd the big disapontng with courier facilty. Aftr so mny prob atlst i got it.
Mobile charger gone faulty with in a week. Rest mobile is value for money
Micromax unite 2 is best mobile that i bought from amazone in 6000rs. I feel satisfied by using this mobile.Worth 6000!! One thing i want to mention about home delivery that it was not quiet good by FEDEX.They werw careless for delivery of mobile...
Please do not purchase any phone of micromax very poor service center. Got manufacturing defect in micromax unite 2 done sevral calls email spent many time and money in 3 months but not yet got it.please trust me dont purchase any phone of it. They make fools
Mobile is ok but it's headphone is below average quality. It's featured internal memory capacity is 8 GB but it's show total 4.89 GB internal space. Touch is good, sound quality average, camera quality is average, battery life is 6-8 hr on data on condition.
It was totally surprised me and met my expectations... Thanks for amazon
I have buy 1momnthf back from amazone.i got it within 4days. Everything is just ok. i dont know why media is behind kitkat!! There is nothing noticeable different jellybean and kitkat. Camrra is above average, front camera is good for selfe in daylight. I disappointed things are battery drains. Internal memory and batteeu packup could have been better.
Nice product ever... Special thanks to amazon and the seller. Very low cost only on Amazon. This is one of the best phones from micromax having 21 language support. The phone lack of magnetic sensor is one of the drawback but its an amazing phone @low cost
1.touch-smooth,no lags 2.camera-very satisfactory...even front camera is great 3.storage-8gb internal storage is appreciable.. 4.heat-rarely heats up...doesnt heat even if you play continuously for 45mins!! for 5.8k this is a bomb fone
I think this is one of the best phone in the world ECONOMY wise because it promises to give the best in nearly 7000 rupies its features are awesome and none of the top mobile componies can afford and cant give this phone bellow 10000 which micromax did kudos & praises for Micromax
Ordered on 7th may, received on 8th may. (Regular delivery) good mobile at budget price. Works smooth. First 15% battery drain fast then it stands stable. Battery lasts for 26hrs on normal usage. There is no lollipop update as mentioned in the spec.
Nice phone. Got it as gift for my mom in law and she liked it :) nd other family members too.. All the features which are there in any Samsung Android phone of range 12-15k are present in this phone at very less price.. Nice phone and good to buy :)
I purchased this on the next day price get lower feeling like cheated
It is very good phone in this price range... however there some other option are available from other companies too. The touch screen does not work well. Sometimes it does not respond to your choice especially playing a racing game. Rest is well...
Awsm mobile completely satisfy. Sm heating prob but doesn't matter . net speed on 2g 87kbps downloading in rural area n 3g awsm.sm battery drain fast but use power saver it happen in all smartphone. Dont think abt moto which is crap campairing this
Superb phone in its budget 1.3 Quad core processor in S duos 2 Only 1.2 Dual core processor screen 4.7 Inch and in s duos 2 4.0 Inch superb phone i am writing this review by my unite 2 Only... i am using this phone since 1 Months Excellent phone
its an awesome phone. dont listen to others who say this is not a gud phone actually these are the non micromax workers who say that dont go for it. u must go for it i have purchased this phone 4 days ago awesome phone. perfomance is just superb.
Using it for last 4 months..Amazon delivery was prompt. Touchscreen is very smooth, good battery backup, Running smoothly without hanging, although I am not a mobile gamer, Really good value for money. Within low budget best buy.. go and get it
Just does not work. Phones are every where and everyone has one. Looks micromax is finding it a rocket science. Screen does not respond, I had to remove battery and put it back. Still no response on screen. Next try other brand.
Phone was toooooooo good I just loved it and It's an amazing experience of using it It will never hang anywhere and touch was smooth so I'm playing games very smoothly so in simple words I will say this was the best phone I have ever bought.
Micromax unite 2 is the budget phone ever.the phone have 5 mp primary camara,2 mp secondary camara,1gb ram,5 Gb user memory ,0.89 gb for app install,quad core processer and 4.7 inch display.i think this is the best phone ever.go for it.....
Phone is good in terms of specifications and look but the major concern is that it hangs very ofenly not while playing games while using it nd the space for appps is very less fellls really uncomfortable with that all other things r perfect
Phone is really good on be half of specification and its price.but heating problem is there (little). and its not hanging, features are excellent. except heating all are excellent.if they can reduce the heating problem it will lead the market. It has internal memory of 0.98Gb for app storage and 5.62 for user SD-card storage.it is awesome phone,Better worth it.
Nice smartphone.. the perfect one. No hanging. Run smoothly..
Its very very special and affordable price.....fantastic cellphone
When I bought Micromax on Jan 25th 2015, it gave me a vey good feeling that I am buying one of our own Indian product, in fact i felt very proud about owning Micromax. When I started using the mobile, to my surprise and shock I realised that people who were calling me got my number as switched off or not reachable. Being a business person, it was dangerous to my survival in the market. We approached Micromax office in Kodambakkam, they replaced the entire software, but again the situation is status quo. The issue is this doesn't happen all the time and cannot say when it will happen. I have had to hear a lot of bickerings evn from my close near and dear ones that i am not reachable for them too. Sometimes the mobile rings too, I am at its mercy it appears. Ultimately it is regret and anger that remains why i bought this mobile. I call for an immediate repayment of my hard earned money or alternately give me a piece that works 100%. My mobile number is 9789864633.
Very very nice phone...easy to carry...good features in such low price...touch quality is also good enough...but as usual camera quality in most of the micromax phones is not good including this too..but else perfect phone in this price...
The phone is good but the internal memory for application is very low 8gb rom is not usable for application installment, whenever i open any games the notification comes that "smash it has stopped". Please sort it out this problem.
Nice product but heating while playing games, watching Video songs and movies, suffering internet like Facebook, tweeter, whats up overall Good product, good quality.,good looks.very cheap in price.must buy.very quick and fast delivery.
Nice mobile, i got this mobile 31 Jan15 , still i use its very gud phone, not hang by using many apps, gud battry life, and display is gud, cons, 1. over heat while using mobile data.. 2. Back camera is not satisfied
Great phone,except for the memory status.the phone memory is only used as the default storage,that too a part of it!! It would be better to download a cleaner and booster app for a better phone performance.other than that,no problems..
Very nice phone.Still a bit sceptical about its battery life but looks ok & as per company's claim.Still,could do a better job on battery & storage front.Still,a very good deal.Not,getting a phone at par to unite 2 in the price range.
Other phones has coverage (SAME NETWORK) But Microxmax Unite 2 A106 unable to do reach the network. Has any one faced the problem? Is the problem with the model or the Manufacture defect with the particular hand set? Please help
I think phone is not so good,because battery gets drain fast. And internal memory is 8 GB but when we going copy or download from Bluetooth it showing not enough space.I purchased 8 GB but seems to like 4GB only,other things are OK.
the phone look cool, however the problem with this phone is with the internal memory, company promises of 8 GB ROM however it has only 908 K (less then 1 gb) ROM available for the user, which is not sufficient for downloading apps.
i want to ask as it is having 8gb internal memory but 0.89 Gb is only for app installation so how Can i install more app and where can i use that internal remaining 5.3 Gb internal memory otherwise phone is very gud in this price.
Pros: Smooth UI Awesome Screen Good gaming performance Decent looks Good build quality Front cam, Light Sensor Flash Accurate GPS Lock-on Decent Battery Life Decent Camera Quality
MM Unite 2 (A106) is one of the best mobile offered in this price range. I have bought 2 mobiles. The users have shown satisfactions using this phone. The specification and user experience in this price range is just commendable.
I purches from store @5900/- Support SIM1 Video calling cons: Battery not good,Touch not so much sensitive not even geonee p3, Low app store space, sim 2 Micro SIM, BUT IT IS GOOD PHONE AT THIS PRICE
Another dhamaka by micromax within this range...I am very happy using this handset..camera, battary, touch very good..no heating effect..this handset is very fast..only one problem is that its sound is not very high but sweet
Go for it. No second thought. Awesome phone. No cons. You can feel best smartphone experience. It is worth for 10000 rs. Better camera n video quality. No hangs.. 1gb meets your expectations. Chalo go go go.... Hurry up.
Comparing the specs of other phones you will find out the obvious. So I want to stress on one important point. SAR value of this phone is much lower than Moto E, G ..Also with a few battery management ..the phone is awesome
I ordered the phone 8 month back. i comes in good packaging in in time commited by AMAZON. i am using it. no problem yet. good browsing speed, enough space, with good battery life. last for 2 days with regular internet use.
The phone has good features at very low price like 1gb ram, android kitkat, 5mp primary n 2mp secondary camera... The cons include touch sensitivity, internal memory, design. Those who can get away with the cons can buy it.
i purchased micromax unite 2 phone from www.amazon.in but i had bad experienced with this...phone has very bad battery back up, it gets hang..it gets heated while using internet...phone settings options are also less.
Good phone for the price but camera doesnt give good pics in night or dark area.The phone should have been in kit kat software but since it was not, getting the same done i service center an issue as they are less in no.
Its too bad experience i had... its not at all good... battery back up is too poor... hardly 2 hrs after full charging... i want to return it back... once i reach my home the first thing i do is return back the product
The touch screen doesn't work with soft touch. The phone is too heavy as compared to other models. It does not get connected to the net easily. I thought that it is a good bargain for the price but doesn't seem so now.
I am satisfied with the cell.. Cheap & Best... Less price with good quality, but the earphone is of low sound quality and sometime touch got stuck while typing.. All over it is nice. :)
Unite 2 is the best mobile in that range of phones. It has bigger display screen and looks elegant. Responsiveness is also quite well. I feel this is best phone in that price range. My order and shipment went smoothly.
I give this product 2.5 star. I got this product couple of days before. When you look at the specs it looks great. The product is also great. The only concern I have with this device is, this phone comes with a very small phone storage 0.89GB. This is the place that all the apps get installed even if we specify "Default write Disk to External/Internal SD Card". Few of the application supports Install on external/internal SD card, but rest of them will sit here only. I ran out of phone storage after installing facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, WhatsApp plus updates for the existing Apps. So no room to install the rest. If you plug in SD card. The internal memory of 1.67GB is of no use. The above things are not mentioned in any phone review available on the net. Camera is good. Phone sound quality is OK, battery is fine. Overall all other features are fine as mentioned in the reviews.
apps crash even after factory resets, battery life poor, amazon refused to exchange or replace as they said had crossed the 30 day returns period. service center said they cant do anything. never buying micromax again
Its a pretty good phone with a reasonably good battery backup and android kitkat OS. Only problem is that sometimes the wifi hotspot malfunctions(may be software issue). But its really cost effective with good camera.
fit in budget fone very impressive low cost more fetures very nice design slim nd cool unlike other micromax products im enjoying it no problem with it only de ear phones provided r cheap
Good phone at this price though camera is not good enough as 5MP and pre-installed with a lot of unnecessary apps. If you are looking for other features like performance , battery, sound etc then I'll say it 'okay'.
A Superb power packed phone. Stands apart in not only its own price segment but also in the high end segment. Better then Moto G /Moto E or LG or Nokia Lumia 630 or 625.Way ahead in technology and great battery life.
unable to use the internal memory directly. When I download any thing from whats up and internet, then it is saved in memory card. I can use the internal memory through computer.sometime I face hunging problem also.
I bought it for my nephew. He is happy with it. Internal storage memory shows 5.2GB, which sufficient. No need to put externsl SD card. But how to set the internal SD card to store the applications? I have tried much in it.
Good Product at this price range ,Value for money product
I received the mobile in advance and happy to receive it.I activiated on 02.12.2014.As of now it is ok. Only one comment i want to give speeker is having low volume while receiving calls.Suggest to correct.
I bought this phone for my father and I found it very useful for him. Camera is good as expected and battery life is also good. I bought this for Rs.6357, speed is good, worth buying. Delivered in four days.
This Mobile is Value for money. The sensors are good. Low in price with better features when compared to its competitors particularly Samsung. Micromax will do well if the quality of its accessories is improved.
Descent camera. Good processing speed. Extremely poor battery backup. Drains out almost 1% per minute usage of internet. Only 1 GB space for apps and 5 GB left otherwise. Don't know why they sell it saying 8 GB.
Nice mobile performance. with lollipop 5.0
Average phone . Moto E is much better at similiar price
very nice, very fast,only battery back up is a drawback.
The Very Good Mobile and Battery Backup is Only for Take time and Standby Time is Very Good Battery Backup but WiFi and bower is used battery Backup is fair.and Mobile Volume is medium..Totally Mobile is good
Very Good Phone.. no Complaints whatsoever. Great Job, Micromax!! Highly Recommended.. All Games work well enough. Scratch Guard comes with the box. Just invest in a flip cover for longer life of the product.
Ya! At this price I'm telling u this is the best phone... Good picture quality. 1Gb Ram. 8Gb Rom.(5.50Gb actual)..... And Many more........ And Amazon provides lower price as compared to other websites......
I dont want to say much about the product.But the delivery of amazone is lightning faster and return policies are also good and faster.about the phone it is a nice budget phone, but has some heating problem.
Actually When I purchase I am very happy and its working properly. But after 3 weeks it show the problem of overheating in the use of 10 minutes . So I recommend Don't purchase this product.
Downloding of extra not supported or otherwise delete old Apps. Battery drawn very fast if you use wi fi. Back cover is very poor and week and comeout with little or no force. Other wise it is fast on net.
The BAttery is a big downer. Says about 8hrs of talktime & some hundred hours of standby time. I am a very light user of my phone and yet, in spite of following directions for a 1st charge of 4-5hrs, my battery lasts not 1 full day, of which email checks and browsing is about 1hr and another 20-30min of phone talk time. I got the phone for my mom as well and feel bad to put her through the hassle of worrying about her phone dying on her all the time. It sucks having 2 phones, 1 in India, another in London, both functioning consistently well below their publicised talk time. I am aware smartphones' batteries last less than non-smart ones, but I see the lower end models lasting atleast 2.5-3days for medium users, so this does seem like a model battery issue.
micromax unite good phone sweet diplay. satisfied with product. but delivery was to too late . amazon delivered product late by 15 days. i would have cancelled order if not purchased on credit card.
white horizontal lines are there all over the display screen....even after factory reset...if there is any solution for this then tell me...otherwise i'm not going to prefer this product to anybody.....
Phone is worth the price but my set had an issue. During an incoming call the phone screen would become blank . Details of the incoming call or caller was not visible. I have returned the set
The worst product ever. Amazon should not sell such products.I returned this product to amazon. Again brought this from a telephone shoppee but again the phone gone dead in ten days. Never buy Micromax
But it should have used snapdragon, and one more thing i want to tell the mobile maker that they are not to provide more vacant space between keys . The size of the mobile is to be utilized completely .
SERIOUSLY I LOVE MICROMAX UNITE 106 PHONE. EXCELLENT CAMERA AND SOUND QUALITY. SMOOTHLY PLAY THE GAMES WITHOUT ANY PROBLEM. MY FIRST SHOPPING THROUGH AMAZON " THANKYOU SO MUCH AMAZON"..
i give this 5 Star. i hve used thsi mobile its procrsser is awesome but for app installation there r only 800 Mb phone storage. & internal storage is 5,1 Gb its amazing
Micromax unite 2 update 8gb version is awesome.it has 8GB internal storage but has a little apps storage problem.it has no lags at all.i can play asphalt 8,mordern combat 4 with high graphics.it has .
This is nice phone at an affordable price. Good specs and smooth operation. Nice build and big screen easy to handle.
Camera is not much but is good. Battery is also above average. And yes internal memory is not much after installing FB, whatsapp only and updating existing apps google etc, I was out of memory. So include a SD card in your cart ;-)
campera qulity is very poor not upto expectation
Superb mobile ... Touch also nice very fast mobile. And camera quality good . Dear amazon plz i want same mobile same (5,799) rate if u have rate this mobile plz inform me * THANK YOU AMAZON *
Amazon give offer rate.. Compare to others Amazon is always Better... Micromax unite 2 very slim.. Light weight.. Over all superb..,, but contact picture could not be set... But options available....
The phones features is very good. Clear display. Only problem is battery. It gets somewhat hot while using 3g net and games.i guess this s common among all smartphones. Overall its worth the money.. Added to this is my after 6 months review my phone's battery is dead. its not working. And also i cannot cover it in guarantee. Worst service .Don't buy this phone if you are thinking of a guarantee. They have used worst spare parts for this phone Which breaks even for a slightest impulse.
4.0 out of 5 stars This is really a good phone considering the price. I have been using it for last 20 days and it did not show any problem with performance. It is smooth and easy-to-use in one ...
Overall the quality and touch screen of the mobile is okay. One issue I find in my mobile is that volume of the ringtone is very low. If you really need the loud phone, don't go for this.
The look & performance of the phone is good. Memory, Speed, graphics are good . Sound is ok but the battery lets you down. Just ok for one day of normal usage. Otherwise a good phone in that range.
I am using this phone for last 6 months. Does not hang much, does not heat up (I am not a heavy user). I can play games like FIFA 2014. supports all apps. Considering the price it is a good buy.
This phone is really very good. Good in looking, Good to operate, Good in speed. Only dissapoint it in battery, but we can control it by using some battery saver app. Ultimatetly awesome phone.
Excellent cell phone, and an excellent deal on amazon using it from last one month works smoothly a strong competitor for samsung go 4 it guys, just only negative point is bulkier than samsung
It is one of the best smartphone. I used that mobile since July,14 and I am satisfied .So, I bought that one for my friend. I suggest everyone for purchasing unite 2 for its best performance.
Very good device at this price. Remember friends dont buy anything from Snapdeal as they have sent me faulty devices many times & did not provide any help. Their custonrr service is pathetic.
Good pick for money.if you are lucky you will get nice product from micromax.most of the product are defective.thanks to amazon for quick delivery.I got defective product amazon refunded it.
Good Phone with all features... I am now using this from last 1month and no lagging during operations video quality also too good.Front camera is not up to the mark apart from that suppeb ..
They Say That Cheap can Never be the best but micromax belie this by its new handset Unite 2. Its Cheap in cost and best in performance under the price range.. If you want to purchase Full Functional Smartphone under 7000 you are at the right place. It has Every Thing... Android v4.4.2 KitKat 4.7-inch IPS capacitive touchscreen display Quad core processor 1 GB ram Awesome Gaming Performance 8 GB internal memory (user memory more then 5 GB) 5mp Primary Camera (its Good Enough) + 2mp Front Camera (not Up to Mark) 2000mah Battery (Gives Good Backup) and all the others Features of a decent Smartphone... If you are thinking to buy it don't Hesitate Just Go For It...
i have ordered that phone on 19th dec it was delivered on 22nd dec but when i checked that the touch of the phone is not good it stops working smtyms nd the internet speed is also very low
If your budget within 5-6k just go for it. . . Lot of performance are there. I am fully satisfied with it. Because, Eventhough loaded with FIFA15 UT,Asphalt 8. Since there is no lagging....
Performance is not up to my expectations as compared to A110 & the MAd is annoying me while making calls. Pls tell me how can I avoid/delete the MAd. The set is lagging/ stucks some times.
super phone. speed is good. good clarity camera. only one problem is app memory. have 1 gb memory but there is almost 500 mb built in apps. so we can install only a limited number of apps.
micromax unite is good choice.evrything is ok.Overall performance of device is also good.only prblm is that there is not so much custimization in the ui.nd otg suppory is an another issue
it is very good but main problem is user memmory internal memory is ok but user memory only 1GB it is not enough to store my apps only few apps only can download from store other than ok
Nicely packed, came in with all the accessories along with screen protector. Great price! Battery backup is not very impressive, but that is something with all the Micromax Smart Phones.
excellent performance...but it has no 8 GB internal memory only 5.6 GB...even though i have no compliant..as it performance is more than i expected. delivery is quick and prompt...
BATTERY DRAINS FAST, NO EXPECTED BACKUP OF PHONE
Very slow and money wasting phone. Don't buy plz
Good Gadget.Just some minor Problems.Such as overheating while gaming,And Bad Image Quality.Rest Is Superb, Minor Lags at some junctions are also pretty frustrating.Overall Good Phone
its work very fine but when i types an msgs i dnt feel touch vibrate during typing... i thinks i dnt know how to on that future but seen all future but dnt strt tht future ... :(
Superb Mobile with excellent features ,very good camera quality both front and back..and it just for Rs.6,500 which is amazing. Really a good mobile for this price .A MUST BUY MOBILE.
The product has a issue. Though it says 8 GB. We are not able to use 8GB for apps. For app the phone memory is only 1 GB. The remaining 7GB is for Phone storage. You need to use a SD card compulsary otherwise your apps wont work when they cross 1GB. In todays world app with so many app. It crosses 1 GB even with my fathers use. I got this phone for my father. Once this memory is Full it wont refresh your mail, Facebook or News. The only idea to increase the App memory is to get it formated from a Mobile shop and increase the partition size. OR use a Memory card which is cheaper option. But this is a Design Bug from Micromax on Android
Mobile is good. With micromax u get all the features in half rate which u can get with Samsung. Only where this mobile doesn't meet expectations is its battery life and gets heated.
its a worth for money amazon service is good than any online stores camera is ok and little tower problem and also battery is little poor exept this mobile is very good for low cost
Got fast delivery. Overall satiafied with product. 5" size is bigger to carry with. Battery backup is very good. Showing memory full msg just after few app.
i m using micromax unite 2 a 106 and when i am playing game on this mobile it is heating back side near by rear camra.....very very heat....tell me what should i do..please help me
over all phone is very good in this budgets There is a litilebit problem with heating other wise good phone an other is that head phone quility with this phone is very poor .
5 stars for amazon's service. It has only 800mb for app installations Which is very low . By Considering its performance it is far Better than any other phone in this price range.
Nice phone , Having good features . I just want to remove preinstalled apps from micromax which I don't do that. that is bad in that. Kindly fix this in next software uprgarde:)
This micromax phone is really good, I'm using it for last couple of months. smooth working, gaming, videos apps. Camera is little bit disappointing bt its ok in this price range.
Phone is good bought for my Dad... but the ringtone is very low ... you can barely hear the ring tone when someone calls you... increased the sound volume to high but no good...
It is really osm,,but it hangs sometimes..!!and battery is not so good,,rathet than feature touch and many apps were osm.!!The main draWback is the keyboard stops automaticaly!
Good smartphone with all facility. But delivery was quite late by amazon.its better than all phones available in market in all aspects like money,ram,internal memory,camera etc
Please Please Please dont buy micromax mobile i was fan of micromax but after poor service from service center and poor quality of mobile i not gonna any more micromax mobile.
Awesome!!!! Second time relation with amazon.. bt packaging of delivery product must be more secure... consider these review for further delivery. Btw the product is fine...:)
its good, amazone service is also good, but this phone have is phone memory is only 1GB,there is 5GB memory is in inbuilt memory card its not a phone memory, so carefull
First hanging prolem many times and batterry need remove then started battery getting drain fastly so rechrecharge 100% show after few minutes 90% 76% show no internet use...
The product's Blutooth and Wifi is not working, and many time it automatically get off(switch-off). Please do the needfull. I have buyed this Mobile as a gift to my Brother.
Nice phone for the Price... Onething that doesn't good in micromax is that it should improve the Camera quality more.... Better than Moto E & Moto G(2nd Gen)
I brought this mobile before 3 days, It is amazing phone,compare to Moto e it is somewhat lacking in the performance and user interface after all best product in less cost.
nice phone but battery backup is not good and phone is heating when u play non stop games... other wise good phone in this price rang... thank amazon for awesome service...
Device is good but there are some functionality problem for which need support. On calling to Micromax Center, no one is picking up the phone. I think I been cheated.......
The Handset gets hot while using, and the internal memory was shown on web site is 4gb but you can only use .908Gb in actual, in which preinstalled apps had already taken space of .8gb, so you can not install any new app.. leading to slow performance and multiple time phone hangs. False information shared on the website, misleading information. Very sad to see such show from amazon.. My wife wanted to return this phone and buy another phone but the policy is only 7 days, which is lapsed now..
Very good phone at 6.5k Its performances was good in all other department but their is a heat problem associated with the phone when we use Internet more than 15mins.
The Phone is Awesome. No other phone gives you a 2MP front camera in this range. Cons. Subwaysurfer can't be played with the WiFi turned on as the phone heats up. The Space for Installation of Apps is very less. Pros Nice Camera Nice Graphics Good Battery (Lasts Upto 7 Hours With Extensive Gaming and WiFi ) Verdict: Don't Use WiFi and Graphics Together. It would consume less battery. The Phone wont overheat. Use Clean Manager to Detect Overheating. I would recommend this to a friend with conditions apply *.
Very nice phone. Applications run super fast with Android 4.4 , Large screen also helps browsing easy. I'd recommend this phone whoever wants to buy a budget smartphone.
I have been using this phone for about a week now and I can easily say that Micromax have created an absolute beast here at this price range. Obviously I am happy as I got my phone for about Rs. 6000 plus 10% cash back is pending via SBI which I will receive by December! It is a great phone. I also want to thank Amazon for being so good with the returns. I got the same model for about 7k earlier but the price was dropped and I contacted the CC guys. They are all very nice and helpful. I easily returned the costlier piece and got the discounted one and also got the refund in real quick time. All in all, Amazon rocks! So does this MMX Unite 2 A106!
Return button on the front screen does not work perfectly. It has to be press 3-4 times. Picture of main Camara is not goods and there is limited option of camara.
I bougtht this phone.its an awesome for all purpose.The internal memory and the camera clarity is low. But the video capturing is outstanding :)
I ordered this phone on 31st dec 14, and it was delivered to me on 2 jan 15. Very good service. Stylish phone. Features are amazing. Must buy phone
this phone is one of the best in it's price range.... the small problems- 1.less battery back up- but you should keep in mind that all andoid phones has less battry back up.so it is not a great problem 2.sometimes the phone gets HANGS when dialing a number....it does not happens always,,,,only some times...but at this time if we touch the red rejecting key it will not work....we need to switch off the mobile... 3...phone gets heated up after a long term use but overall it is a good phone from micromaX
Amazon sathavaru bosadi galu halada mobile kotare maraya unite 2 android kitkat alla maraya adu jelly bean ivaru silly helthra e mobile tagandre gataradalli hotakuda
Product have battery problem. Some times it showing 90% after some 2 minutes it is showing 20%, Really battery problem. But seller are ont agree to replace this item.
Good mobile I like it, With internet – No Battery back up Camera 5MP- There is no clarity Need to improve - Camera and Battery back up
It is not exilent but very good at that price. camra is medium quality. we can use only 4.9 GB Rom. Low backup of battery at playing multimidia.
Very good android Kitkat version set with almost everyday utility facility. True 8GB Vrsn.THanks to AMAZON for Brand New Pack Set delivery within a very short time.
Itz a Awesum phone in this price, There is only a problm wid it is tht sumtimes it gives problm in typin msgs....thts all itz battery is good n itz rarely gets hang
The most best ever mobile of Micromax. What a beatiful performance .It is a best budjet and well featured phone compared to moto e and lava iris q.Best phone to buy
The phone hangs very quickly . Most of the apps weren't working . I couldn't even do basic things like setting an alarm or listen to music through the music player
Awsome.bt some time a msg shown "OS ERROR" and battery down surdden and surdden,nd its shutdown.bt not an bichance it happens.either thn i like it vrymch.
Superb product , less price compared to other products , best in its range high quality video resolution, Display also far better than other phones in this range.
a nice package offered from micromax at this price.no problems at all while using it,except the internal storage which is actually 0.89 gb for applications.
Very great deal by Amazon @ this time the phine₹ is in market is ₹ 7100 but Amazon gives us @ very low and good price....... i m very with it and with Amazon.. .
Good job done by amazon. Mmxunite l am using for 15days working normally. Battery drain when play game . no lagging or over heating. Thanks amazone and reviews
Its a nice fone but Its gettin heated nea d micromax symbol on d bck i don noaw y wen ever i play a game or put d fone fo chargin may i no y its happeng like tat
Excellent.. Worth each penny.. Didnt expect this performance from Micromax.. Proud to buy an Indian product which has international quality at throw away price..
IT is value for money but there are few things which micro max can work on.. there are two may apps which does not make any sense already installed on the phone.
Micromax Unite 2 A106 mobile battery is very bed. Full charge battery is running in mobile for Maximum 4-5. Micromax mobile services problems in service centre.
cell is good.. except heating issues. Charger provided with box was not working since day 1. Also in this set we cant transfer app from Phone memory to SD card.
Touch Screen is bit slow. Need to swipe finger's several times to go the menu or its arrow key. Can't say with this will I be able use for a year at least.
Purchased 2 phones. Second one from amazon.Using from 5 months without any issues. Responsive screen for a phone for this price, doesnt ever hang like samsung.
A value for money phone.This is the maximum one can get in this price.Only the white back cover gets dirty.Grey would have be a better choice instead of white.
Apps crashing intermittently. Only 0.98 GB for app installation (I wonder why). Lots of unnecessary worthless Micromax aplications with no option to uninstall.
Very good phone and delivery was awezome
It's Work Fine. Delivered Very Fastly. When comes to packing. It was not good at all because the packing is like the package while ordering a memory card
Good one. But i have to manually change the ROM's partition to make more room for apps. Liked it, though the absence of magnetic sensor is a bit of a setback.
These phone is upto the mark..but the back camera looks like 2mp .front is good. other thngs is good ..micromax should go for better lence to increase value..
Mobile screen size n speed is good. Brightness is sometimes automitically becomes bright n comes to normal sometimes when phone is in contnues use in my cell.
Its fantastic phone.so many features are improved included 5.0 android version in phone. Earlier it was 1GB appli. memory now i can use 5GB. Paisa vasul
This MMX unite 2 is giving mouthwatering features.. i'm using this cell for 15 days... Battery back-up is quite good.... Micromax rocks.... <3
Very good smart phone in low budget. Just love it. Camera is good. All games runs smoothly. Battery backup Is gud.. Low budget Customers should go for this
BEST PHONE YOU CAN GET IN THIS RANGE...... CAMERA IS 5.0 MP BUT CLEARITY IS VERY GOOD ... NICE PHONE..... WITH VERY AVAILABLE SERVICE......
This is a very good smartphone at this price I mainly found only 1 con :- Battery it drains out too fast Besides this it is best
not good sound problem return to seller
UNITE 2 A106 is really awesome mobile.. it is just more than what I expected.. Camera is good.. Battery back up is also good.. prompt delivery by Amazon..
Memory sucks. To use internal memory one need to root his/her phone. And if one does so warrenty voids. So whats the use of saying 8GB. Its pure cheating.
Now I trust on micromax mobile. Actually I use the Samsung mobile before and I don't have trust on micromax mobile but now I am happy to use the micromax.
Looks are good...phone is pretty loaded with junk..Phone shows Roaming active even if I am in my home state..can is a waste..other wise OK type of phone.
BEST phone at this price and also upgraded to lollipop.Very fast multitasking and hd videos play smoothly.Thx to amazon for delivering the product fast.
I didn't like this phone because therr is only 1 GB memory for installation of app which is very low. Therefore u can't use this phone at all properly..
Very Good features. Looks awesome. Good Performance. Using since past two months and no complains. Bought in an offer for 5300 inr (including cash-back)
Very nice to all apps and good mobile.
One of the best product that I had purchased.performance of this mobile is very good and it is very handy.price is also low compared with other brands.
Decent phone, only problem is the phone storage for apps. It would have been the best if the phone storage was on the higher side, it is not even 1 gb.
Gud mobile.... find it well in all aspects.... pura paisa vasool product..... only whatsapp chalane mein I faced problems.... but any ways it's gud....
Best in it's class with choice of our favorites colors and Upgraded version of all it's specs. Economic 3G mobile
Its been two weeks since i m using it,working smoothly but only one problem whenever i started to play game n movie it goes heating beside camera area
I am happy with this phone. It is worth the money paid. No issues at all it works superbly good. Touch seems to be a bit less sensitivity ..
Great wonderful deal got cash back also, got in sealed pack no other comment on the product, product was simply superb at this price thank you amazon
A good phone at this price point...performance wise its a good phone...easy to hold .. Battery and camera could have been little better...
ya its good but very much heavier than other micromax mobile..And the look and feel is also not good.So its better to buy a xiome phone now a days...
as we all know best mob in this price but stupid battery u can iron ur clothes............so the reviews are useful........micromax = stupid battery
It is a good product in the given price range. On using its performance was also good. I found that memory space for apps is very small i.e. 0.89gb.
A decent android phone. A little bit slow to connect to WiFi for the first time, almost thought it had problems with the WiFi. Happy with the phone!
First of all, the service of amazon was great. I received the product in a day. The phone was awesome. At this price tag, it is one of the best phones. Believe me, this is better than moto e. Cons: Camera is not very good, just satisfactory ( Better than moto e though as it has auto focus) The cover easily gets dirty. No option to choose the time limit for the soft keys to light. Otherwise the phone is just awesome
Beautifull mobile. Simple weight and long battery life. Internet high speed. Camea good claritty. super shape. Micromax unite 2A106 is good phone.
Superb smart phone under 7k range. Good processing speed n all other fetures. Looking for a good smartphone at this price than go for it.
Battery doesn't last even 2 hours with net though claimed to be of 200 mh. If used as a normal phone, even then battery do not lasts till evening!!
Apart from low internal space,the mobile is absolutely brilliant ,camera is superb,no lags in the gameplay ..…a good budget phone from micromax..…
i love it its having all features and very good deal in this amount.i strongly recommend this fone to those who want good fone in reasonable price
better than moto e and g with high configration............ 1. front camera 2. flash light 3.1.3 gzh processer and much more
the phone is good and your service is so good. I am so happy using your services. But sometime phone is heating. But i think its not a big issue.
There is not a single phone at this price to beat it. Specially built quality is quite impressive compared to newly launched Android One devices.
Though the set has latest features and technology, it lacks the desired quality. Services centres are not nearby for easy resolution of problems.
Fantastic piece with specs as gud as a high end samsung. I was told this is the highest selling mobile of Micromax & now i surely agree with it.
whey you download new app its in phone memory and creating performance issue. internal memory should be more and pre loaded app should be less..
I will get the mobile yesterday its using to nice n thanks to a Amazon team delivery is too delay otherwise everything awesome i luv it!!!!!!!!!
Actualy its battery backup is not good secondly company told 8gb rom actualy it has not that much of memory so I rate the proudct only 3stars.
very good quality and fast shipping
Great Mob with all ur reqirement...
Avg battery life Good camera Low internal memory for apps.. Annoying pre loaded apps I can not delete them even if u want
The best for Indian standards for an affordable price !!! It has the basic and advanced needs of our daily life. Good sound is a plus point.
Awsome phone,good performance.im playing asphalt8 In this phone and its running very smooth.and amazon is the best place to buy this phone.
I got Micromax Unite 2 before 1 week.i install some apps like whatapp,specking tom after 1 week those apps are not responding.what to do ?
awesome smart phone.. just received it.. and everything is fine.. no issues .. working great.. thanks to amazon and micromax
I have Purchased the Micromax Unite 2 A106 (Grey) with huge expectations about its features at affordable cost. Features are amazing .
Very good of this price.nice but rear camera is ok like 3•5mp but it is very very nice phone•dont think people just buy and enjoy°°°°°°°°
Great Performance, Good Looking smart phone. Big screen, good connectivity, reliable do not hang, easy to use beautiful looks really great
Nice product in this range.. It seems that Micromax has improved their quality. Thank you again Amazon for selling it at its lowest price.
Great phone.. Bought it for my mum.. Perfect for people who are just switching to android.. Its packed with features.. All u cud ask for..
The mobile having problem like hanggin & switch-off atomitically and also send massage like sd card preparing .so bad to get this mobile.
Nice phone but facing Memory issues. Micromax needs to resolve it. Bedide phone is having 8 gb memory allowed memory for app is very less.
it is a good phone in this rate, but the internal memory we cant use for Applications , this is for your only PIC and vedio and other data
It has high end configuration but don't know why the mobile is heating if we use countinuous 15 min. Seems they used low quality products.
This product at this beast price is only available at Amazon.in nowhre else..the phone is good and delivery is alsoo good go for it guys.
Return button on the front do not work properly.useless Micromax apps.low quality build.battery drains very fast.App memory is very less.
Good phone at a very good price...my expectations were met.Thanks Amazon for a good phone delivered at the correct time.#amazon #micromax
1.IT HEATS AROUND THE CAMERA AREA WHEN USING INTERNET. 2.EARPHONE IS NOT GOOD. 3.DRAINS ITS CHARGE QUICKLY(UP TO 3 HOURS ONLY).
Its too late delivery. Bluetooth is not working properly,battery backup is almost satisfactory.At last,what i aspected is not fulfilled.
worth for money paid.. good phone... Luckily I ordered on 05-10-14 for Rs.6099/- and received on 08-10-14.. prompt delivery by amazon..
Awesome Phone But One Feature Sucks It has 2mp front camera It would have 5MP camera Then i will give 5 Stars
Good phone with decent specification. Very fast delivery & nice packing. Due to 1GB ram multitasking with out lagging.Thanks to Amazon.
Too many inbuilt app occupy lot of ROM, very less space gets left for other appsand the processor was not upto the mark as i expected .
Gud product in a economic price by micromax.and I want to mention here that amazon servixes are better than others like flipkart n all.
Its an awesome phone, it manages apps very well and its processor doesnt seem to be exhausted even when multitasking..... really great!
super fast processor , superrrrrrrrrr gaming only probleme is with the camera its very poor and audio quality is also not so good
very good product worth for money
memory for installing apps is too low (only 900mb in which half is used by pre installed apps) otherwise the mobile is awesome...
Good phone.everything is fine..but usb is not supporting..some erorr due to software problem.but i love this phone as it fix my budget
Nice display. Nice build. Camera is just ok. Battery life could have been better Its an overall good budget phone.
Really its excellent product from micromax in the low budget. Features are good and updated.. Anyone can purchase without any doubt..
Meets expectation's. Though market seeks Xiaomi....believe ...the coming days....the mammoth....makes all products available for ALL.
the best ever phone one can get at this price range. cam quality,video recording,screen clarity,applications evrything is jus awsome
Don't buy it. Because mobile is very smart but battery capacity is very bad and heat mobile. than any apps not download play store.
I like this mobile. and had a good experience with the amazon but it does not allow me to install many applications why?
good mobile around 6000. good design. good specifications. but per day one time charging required. until don't have problem. happy.
I am using this phone since july 1 And itvis very nice and it doesn't shows any problem to me and amazon delivery is very excellent
At this less price, it is like a super phone with awsome camera, long lasting battery and lightening fast processor.I am loving it!
Best phone to buy if you have tight budget.. Delivery was on time and packaging was okay.. The screen guard provided fits well !!!
overall gud performance... Batrry should be 3000mah & little bit heating problem..but happy at this price..n grt service by amazon
It's very good mobile phone with all smartphone features in very good price. i and my family is very happy with this mobile phone.
The battery gets discharged too fast, the speakers are not loud at all.I found it low in quality so I went ahead and returned it.
Good packaging delivered in time product is nice battery backup was less back panel material could be better
Excellent phone in this range...everything camera battery and working is good...i am using this phone since 3 Month it goes well
very good delivery nice Indian product far better than moto and Samsung encourage Indian production and save rupee value plz....
Mobile is good except for its battery, which drains fast even if we are not playing high graphics games but mere My Talking Tom.
A good product by Micromax with good configuration and cost effective model. Best service & offer on this product by Amazon
Good but battery pack up is low
Awesome phone..Works total fine. No discripancies yet. And flipkart delivery was done before the estimated date, as usual.
Battery backup is very very low and video play and browsing internet at a time the mobile heating. how to solve it this problem
This handset is a must buy if u r looking to purchase below 10k. I already had the same model & now gifted this one to my wife.
All things are good except the still photo . Having 5 M.P. camera , clarity of photo is not up to the mark. H D video is good.
My mom likes it very much so far. I think the product fully meets the expectation of people who never used smart ones before.
Price is killer. After purchasing I realized that it is a good product to use. As usual, battery is a issue for android phone.
Very good mobile, Battery power draining is the only problem that can be over come by closing all the unused or unwanted apps.
Delicate screen USB otg not working Battery drains in 8hrs ( 100% - 0%) :( But it's quite good for the price!
Im using this micromax unite 2 from last 1 month no issue up til now ...excellent hand set in chipper price...thanks micromax
output sound is very low in all Micromax Android phones. When a call came, ringer sound is not audible. Remaining is OK.
Specification is great at that price but unfortunately the phone is malfunctioning phone as well games.... That's why 3 stars
Back button is not working properly. I want to return this set. Any body tell me is it possible an what can i do for return.
Its a good phone in this price range. N micramax can be trusted, as iam using it for 3 yrs now n brought another for my wife
Good handset for ordinary users. Not suitable for installation of heavy applications as their is a limitation of app memory
Good product. Nice packing by Amazon, and timely delivered by amazon. Value for money product at this range of mobile phone.
i have used the for one week every thing is ok except the battery which is not so powerfull . apart from that i m satisfied.
Frst of all Amazon service Supr fast Lyk supr man nd Mob iz Gud 4 Gamers nd Multitasking Camera iz Gud nd Its Very Fast Mob.
Product quality still need to improve compared to other products like Xiomi 1s- Microsmax is far behind in terms of quality.
A worthy phone for this price. Amazing delivery by Amazon. I am advising to go for this site and this pnone.
It is good mobile with all the functionality available at less price compared to other mobiles with same features.I like it.
Awesome phone within...limited budget quad core,flash,front camera..cant beat this phone in its budget & its worth ur money
Battery sucks. Performance is OK but not upto the mark. Micromax disappointed me big time. I would not recommend this crap.
It has all the features that one desires of a smartphone. The size is just right and the brightness of the screen is great.
Excellent phone at this price. But the pre-loaded apps are a pain, there is an ad-app that comes up every time you dial a number, you have to disable it in settings, or if you root the phone you can remove it, & other apps (I did). Also, the phone does not have a magnetometer, although its not that important, its fun to have on a phone.
an excellent instrument for the price, which is very resonable .The delivery was very prompt inspite of it being sunday !
Very snappy and love the color. One can disable the annoying MAD application in settings ->apps -> mad disable app
nice mobile...user friendly..
Amazing phone for this price.
In these set cant save more app and games because it is set phone storage is 909 mb And its camera not 5mp it's 4 mp
It is ok in terms of performance. But battery backup is not so good. When you work on wifi the battery is draining fast.
it's ok, Micromax need to improve more, it's exploring, hope they can try better than good quality with least best cost.
Not happy with the sound quality while calling. The opposite person is not able to hear the voice clearly and properly.
superb mobile in simple cost, sound clarity,fast net browsing, camera ok so good product of "MICROMAX"
koi ye bata sakta hai jo is phone ko use kar raha hai ki is phone me kitne mb/GB tak application install kar sakte hain?
Fast delivery, Good options for choice and facility for cancellations and replacement Unite 2 A106 is good for the price
don't buy this product worst touch screen.. back button doesn't work at all speaker voice is also worst.
phone is grt....all goood.....delivery was not quite satisfactory. till i give score for the product..pefectly packaged.
ok this is nice phone in micromax good camer quality fast internet browseing this is low sound quality.
Its good mobile and it is best for low rate. never get this specification and quality at this price. Buy this and enjoy
I purchased it for my parents , very nic mobile. i got it @ Rs. 5872 only with screen guard. no problem of discharging.
A wowsome mobile unique and unite. Thats qute and quite for ur. Android one unite 2 a great thinking . A full support .
Nice phone ever......received with scrachguard free....... do not order scrachguard along with device... i love micomax
Worthy price after onside ring 15% cashback after payment with ski debit card... Other viz deal price is too high
It is a good smart phone. But kitkat is a bit unstable than jelly bean. Sound quality and audio output is good enough.
Baterry backup problem hai hang bhi hota kabhi kabhi isse accha hai xolo bhai log maine galti ki hai aap log mat karna
Best mobile in the range up to 10,000. Camera clearity awsome. Nice working. Just little problem about battery back up
i received the phone with lolipop update grt phone resonable price and grt seller experience and grt amazon tooo.....
the product is so good and delivery of the item is also so quick..... for low budget, this is apt product to buy
this was a great deal for me in this price. everything was genuine and factory packed. it's awesome and working fine.
best phone specification can get in this class and value for money.Big in size, fast, 8 gb internal memory good phone
It is very good mobile in 6500 rupees. but i have problem with device when mobile used data connection it is heating
Overall phone experiance is good, worth for money, Little bit Phone heating and touch sense is not that much quality
I liked the most about the phone is that it can play games like Temple run, subway without any lag. Plays had video.
I've bought this one for my friend. He uses his phones very extensively & has been an user of 12-15k phones. With this phone's cost at around 45-50% of his earlier phones, he is very happy about this purchase. The cost factor @ 5,872/- on the Diwali dhamaka sale is an influencing factor about the buy decision.
Too much battery drain. Pendrive is detecting but not showing any files. Need help. Except that everything is fine.
IT heat up quickly and battery back up is low. But apart from that it a good phone with a great price point of view
Not up to my expectations. Worst Camera and battery backup. When continuously uses the phone It will get full heat.
Very very fast shipping Good condition Very satisfy Mobile is very resonable for this specifications
I rate this product 5/5 because I didn't expect that it would be a Good Looking Smart Phone, It is an IPS LED Display and also it is really fit at the palm of our hand. I won't explain the best of its specifications but I would say this, that If you compare the same specifications of this Micromax Unite 2 A106 with other Android Smart Phones, It will cost you above Rs.12,000. So, this is the Best Choice for Android Smart Phones. Don't get confused on choosing Android Smart Phones, But Go For this.
Very satisfied with the product.All I wanted a good smartphone for me unite 2 worth 5 * for me. Thanks Amazon
Internal memory is a issue, not able to download much apps, and even not able to update the preloaded google apps.
I purchased Micromax Unite 2 A106 (Grey, 8GB) RAM but Received Micromax Unite 2 A106 (Grey, 4GB).They cheated me.
gets heated very easily and camera doesn't work in this condition. It stops working many times. No hanging issues.
Good Phone at competitive price. Nice configuration 1 GB Ram, 8 GB internal memory, 32 GB Expandable. Cute Phone.
Awesome phone i rooted after that i use one app then increase phone memory now i use whole memory for application
VERY GOOD FONE BY MICROMAX I M VERY HAPPY TO BAUGHT THIS FONE. PERFOMANCE ARE GOOD OF THIS FONE. I LIKE IT !
Really good phone at this price with good features.I am using from two days dr is no problem.I am well satisfied.
looks is decent.camera is awesome. but the internet browsing speed is slow in 2G for all network and also in 3G.
The best phone under this price range with all necessary features which are required to manage day to day works.
Phone is good to use.. But it heats up like hell. Even when its not been charging.... Else everything fine.
Touch responses is nt that upto d mark.and resolution or ppi also not good. Camera not admirable.battery decent
it's good at price of it back touch button is not good - it's required repeated touch overall it's Ok
Good phone working well supports 3G as well as 2G network very fast. Camera quality during recording also good
I will recomend this phone to all . Touch responce of this phone is not that smooth rest of it works very well.
This is a very very good phone ever and i can say its so amezing with affortable price.. With lots of features.
I recieve my order 4 days late. But itom packing was very good. Amazon service is very good. Thanks to amazon.
Prompt delivery nice phone
good piece of mobile with many options as was given in the informative site.I would like to buy one more piece
Product is Ok except the... front camera. also not up to the mark comparing other cams with the same pixels...
Very bad.. Too bad batary back up ..full 100% battery will empty with in a 2-3 hours without doing anything..
Its a nice device with decent specifications. Happy to hear that it will be upgraded to Lollypop within days.
The ram is not 8 gb its 5.4 gb only......the headphone is of poor quality.... However amazon service is good,
the internal memory is very low i can insatall only 2 or 3 app thats all but the mobile is very good looking
battery performance is very weak . touch is also not smooth. other specifications are according description.
Best smartphone ,all feather are good battery backup is nice when play the music.smooth gaming and handling.
The Battery is lasting for an Hour and there is an issue with voice incoming sound is not audible.Waste one
Not upro the mark . . . it have low internal memory which is irritating and installed apps in that again ..
Good performance and worth for money the problm i noticed was with ram only 825 mb can be used out of 1 gb.
only the problem i understood that in middle middle touch dosent work..but its not a big deal..............
I have bought the same mobile and satisfied with this as i got all the features in low price comparatively.
Amazing phone at unbelievable price...that's what I would say about my micromax unite 2 Go & Get it...
battery back up is not so good touch is not quite good to otherwise ok looking at its price go for it
this phone looked good but now its not up to my expectations .its very lagging it has very slow processing
Phone is good, features are very gr8 and its best phone in range of 6k-7k....... Specially its clarity....
This is a nice mobile having more features compared to Moto G. I recommend this between Moto G and Unite2.
i love this phone and it has all features in reasonable rates. I like this product and Service of amazon.
Very Nine Phone.. Good Display, Ram, Speed, Battery.. Only Problem is That App Memory is Little Bit Low..
Phone is just awesome. But the only thing is phone storage is .89 GB. So u can install only limited apps.
i am using this phone in few months... it have good battery backup.. no more words..it is good
I have purchases 5 Phones from this site all micromax unite 2 . Totaly worth . Low price and great phone
Everything is fine...only concern is for low loudspeaker sound and only 900mb for application storage...
Low coast good phone but when play the game it's hanging and Internet not work proper . Shailesh
Product is good. However hangs frequently. The hanging issue started from the 1st week of buying itself.
Superb phone but i gave only four star because i ordered the grey one but they deliverd the white piece.
Good service by Amazon and Iam satisfied with Micromax unite2 except battery back up. Good budjet phone.
Good phone, Value for the money. The only problem is the memory for application is limited to below 1GB.
This is a very bad mobil i am usingfor last oct . apps memory automaticly full .no space of downloding
Gud phone great performance but app inst. Memory is less only problem overall good phone
This phone is awesome regarding its speed, camera and all round performance. Battery backup is average.
Very good mobile...more dan enough features of device in this price range...display is better either...
Within this range Itz really a very good phone. Price is less in comparison to the market price. Thnx..
Its supported all application and working very smth. but while playing the game phone geting heat.
There is no doubt that this one of the best phone in this price category...i am using samsung smartphone for the last 2 year..i bought this phone for my wife..performance is really good. if single sim is used without wifi,then it stays up to 2 days ..otherwise 1 day..there is no pixelation and UI is also smooth..The only problem is that RAM and ROM specified in the phone is not completely usable..ie out of 4 GB ROM only 2.5 or so GB is only available and .6 GB RAM. So u need to buy an additional Micro SDHC for moving heavy apps n games to card. But still i am giving rating 5 , because in this price category u cant expect more.
my charger is not working.. i want to change my charger... or give my money for it.. urgent contact mr
Mene phone liya lekin propar toch not working i requast amazon mera phone reetun lekar muje reefund de
its really very gud phone at this price & amazon delivery was superb. Item was supplied within 12 hrs.
Its been 2months still running like a new one!! Delivery was late but quality is better than flipkart
In low price it is very nice phone and their is no hanging problem even how much application u run...
Nice phone. worth for money. but manufacture would have installed some full version games.a
Mobile was awsome but only one offer given for this mobile And this is the back cover for this.
Nice product,good luck, good battery life.EXCELLENT SERVICE FROM AMAZON.IN.even better thsn flipkart
awesome phone bt it gets little bit heated after playing for a long bt at this price best phone ever
simple and awesome phone which meets all the requirements of a middle class person. value for money.
Excellent mob at this rate. great configuration than Samsung. You can buy this without any thoughts.
This is the best phone in in my budget the touch is very smooth camera clearity is also ok
Happy with the Product Performance.. But set back the Screen unlock...rest everything is wonderfulll
Camera good battery low
Very good. The delivery boy kaushal modi was also very dynamic on helping us out with the processes
Again.. micromax best product with best price.. no comparison with any1 else..... thanks
The Camera is great...really smooth. sound quality is nice...A really great phone of low cost
Good phone. Am using this for field work using GPS and wifi. No issues till now. Recommended.
Si nice phone in this range.but its camera quality is not pretty good.but overalll its good phone.
Very nice product Micromax Unite 2 A106 (white , 8GB) good features camera + touch quality v nice
5 stars for the amazon service!! but product heats so much.. so 2 star for the product.
delay in delivery but good for packing and handling.items are same as mentioned in order.nice deal
1. Hangs alot 2. Poor camera performance 3. Poor voice clarity 4. Less user memory.
That phone is good to use in lowest price. only draw back is it's phone memory. that is only 1 GB.
Everythings cool except for the lack of sensitivity that I'm facing, its hard to pull the bar even
The phone is nice,everything is good but only bad thing is the quality of camera and the earphone.
Mobile is stunning. I liked very much in this price not any other provider can give this features.
Phone is good , back camera is good , frant camera is not very good go for it at this price
Phone performance is good.but camera is too tooooo bad.while using internet phone is getting heat
Look n feel is not appealed me so much and feature as compared to other smart phone in this range
Features are very good. for past two months I am using, it is working fine. battery is also good.
....... I am also impressed with this phone because its in my bugdet and also a smart phone.
the above mobile looking very nice and good supporting the battery and hand sett is very nice....
Delivered in time..no defect in phone.. Original Micromax. Till now faced no problem..
Though there is 8GB Internal Memory space in this device, only below 1 GB is available for Apps.
Micromax Unie 2 A106 is not upto my expectations. it has voice problem. echo and reound problem.
Nice phone but bit problem in key pad.... At times the adjacent letters get selected.
Camera clarity is very very bad. there is no new update from Android version 4.4.2 TO 4.4.4
Hi .. ! I'm writing this review after using this mobile for about 3 months. It's a decent and worth for money mobile loaded with hell lot of features. It runs on an Quad core processor which supports all the high end games like Asphalt-8, GTA, Batman etc. at high graphics mode, provides lightning fast response and no lag issues at all in due course. It comes with a pre-loaded *GB memory so no storage issues except for the app installation which has been provided only 0.89 MB which is a sad thing.Listening to songs are great and even can be said excellent while using headphones (which is a cheap one, But does the job very well.)The Primary camera is a good 5 MP AF one and shoots good resolution high/definition images and the front cam is of 2 MP which is to the perfection in quality and video calling is smooth while using Skype. The Touch response is smooth & has no Issues at all. The MAd app is something that would keep bugging u during calls(But can be disabled). But i would suggest u guyz, If u are planning for this mobile have an ice-pack with u all d time coz the handset gets hot like a furnace and the temp. even reaches 67*C if used without clearing RAM used by the unnecessary apps running in the background.Take care of your ears and that is the main drawback of this model. But one of the best handsets under 6.5K.
Awesome Phone with price range 7K. Good Picture Clarity for Rear n Front Camera's. 1.3GHZ Quad core processor with 1 GB ram, which will makes this phone more faster and the phone will not getting hang while multi-tasking too. IPS display will provide more picture clarity, even 1920*1280 pixel videos can be easily playable in VLC [.mkv video format will be playable in vlc player]/ Default Video player without any hang. Battery Back is good while comparing to the similar phones. 2000mah battery will get you 1 day full battery backup even connected in wifi. The one and only disadvantage I have faced is for application installation. The Phone have 8GB inbuilt memory in which 6GB is available for usage. In 6GB, 5.2GB can be used as mass memory and only 900MB can be use for application installation. We do get only 900 MB for app installtion, even a app like Facebook has to have around 80MB required for memory usage. Overall performance is good. I will rate 9 star out of 10. Useful Phone.
Micromax unite2 is reall y awesome handset than samsung at the same price. Thanks mixromax
I am using this phone for more 22 days and I have found Phone Great. One should buy this phone.
Budget phone with all features, Handy, Value for money. Dis: Low Battery Backup
It really works fast but the aap storage is only 1GB n camera is awesome n the phone is lovely
internal sd card is not work only 1gb phone memory card is work for installing any application
Amazing phone at amazing prise. And also the delivery of the phone was wery fast within a day.
Watsapp audio cant be hear in loud speaker .. Black light is not blink when incoming cals cme
cool mobile I like it , it is more worth than the cost. awesome configuration, touch is good.
low budget good phone
micromax unite 2 is a satisfactory mobile. both camera is good. battery backup is also good.
Nice. But batttery is not stable.it will lose 1%at every minute .how to rectify this problem
Amazing mobile in this price.I bought for 5850rupees.gaming is good.speedy.u can go for it.
DON’T BUY THIS MOBILE PHONE because 0.9GB only usable for application download even if they shown 8GB internal memory. After few applications download (fb, watsup,3games) memory will cross to 800MB, notification message shows as LOW internal storage (& also Mobile is having unwanted inbuilt applications (these are consumes some memory in internal memory so finally available storage is less than 0.9GB)).. But some application can move to SD card but for application functioning, some % of memory will consume by internal memory in moved application & So only few application can use. This is the major disadvantage in this mobile. Touch screen: Slow response touch screen compared to MOTO E in this range. Given earphone is Poor quality. I think these disadvantages features may update in Canvas A1. Except these features, remaining is good PLEASE GO WHICH IS HAVING MORE INTERNAL MEMORY storage (8GB & MORE).
Photo clearity is not coming properly and audio output not getting louder.phone is heating.
I m using this phone last 2 months, its a very nice phone not any issues occurred till now.
This is a nice android phone with much of new features ,at a reasonable cost. I like it :)
The phone wa sdelivered well within time span. The serivece was realy good and appreciable.
Gud phone at this price. And with cashback offer this phone is just awsome at Rs. 6000 only
Good smart phone. Battery is not enough.sound is less then amazing. Over all phone is good.
A good phone but App storage only 800 MB which is already filled... so thats the problem..
There is some delay process noticed in touch screen while picking the number from contacts
It hangs sometimes. Go for it if budget is a constraint. In general ok for the cost spent.
pretty good performance better than moto e as i compare with friend,good service by amazon
This phone meets my all expectations as i wants except there is very less space for apps.
I got this product with in 2 days with free delivery.this product the best in this price.
Because now only I am using it, I have to check the battery standby as of now It is okay/
It's the best economy mobile with all features which one perfect mobile should have.
Mobile is very good, for 6•5k its having all features which can we compare to 12k mobile.
Very good phone.....
I bought it from ebay and at that time it was newly launched so it costs me cheap [...] see all the queries in this youtube video moto is better in only 2 ways first it has better ppi and second it has a good battery back up Thanks
Right now we have 4 budget 1GB ram devices running Android 4.4 Kitkat. - Unite 2 A106, Lava IRIS X1, Moto E and Xolo Q600s. Each device has its own pros and cons. Performance : Unite 2 performs better than all other devices mentioned above as it is running a Quadcore mtk6582 chipset capable of running most high end games without any issues. Antutu Benchmark score : 16500 (Moto E scores around 13000, Iris X1 scores around 12500 ) , Nenamark 2 : 63. Display and Build quality : Unite 2 only has a WVGA resolution. A qHD display seen on Moto E is far better than the one on Unite 2 or on Iris X1. Lookwise, iris X1 tops the list,but build wise Moto E comes on top. Unite 2, though plasticky,has a better built quality than Iris X1. Operating System : Android 4.4.2 Kitkat runs the show here. The overall UI is fluid and easy to navigate. However Moto E has a slight advantage in this department as Motorola is promising software updates,but they are not saying it will get Android 5.0 rather, i guess the next 4.4.3 update. Camera : Moto E has a fixed focus 5MP camera only, with no flash,where as Unite 2 and Xolo Q600s sports a 5 MP Auto Focus camera with flash,plus there is a front shooter for video chatting. Iris X1 on the other hand comes with a dual LED flash 8MP auto focus camera. Battery : All these devices have similar capacity batteries which can get you one day of moderate usage on Wifi. Battery is sure gonna drain faster when using 3G data. Overall Unite 2 is a good budget device to own. I would have given 5 stars if this came with a better display. Currently this is priced at Rs 8250 on amazon, hopefully the price will go down soon.
Excellent phone .......Camera quality is too good and processing is also fine and smooth
This mobile is good condion but its back sencer is not working properly.so what do I do.
This phone is very low cost.but it is working very good. I am happy to buy this product.
good phone for the price.But some time phone heating and battery prfomance below Average
Nice phone..In this cost u will never got the best phone ever,best price best features..
Got this product before scheduled time.. Thanks and this is a nice phone for this price.
Not able to load much app in it, Micromax A065 can load & handle more app than this one.
volume is low and also the charging battery pin one, out of three not in proper way....
For app installation space is less.battery performance is just below average.overall ok
excellent mobile good display and camera. interface smooth- nice mobile value for money
Its not that much Great as it marketed. Cons: > Screen size > no new features > no use of multi-launguages > what new in Kit Kat.? > Worst Camera
Issues with phone. Keeps restarting! Service centre also has not helped. Disappointed!
Nice mobile everything is good but when I opening video and play game it becomes heat
great experience with the mobile, but battery life is too short, required daily charge
I bought for the cell is really nice only one drawback is more unwanted micromax Apps
Prompt delivery, and Nice product. My first android phone for my budget and I love it.
class one-ek number
Bought this Phone after Checking features : Good Enough Value for Money at this Cost
charging problems.if we put overnight for charging still only 19% battery is charged.
Dont buy it .it is only 4 Gb rom With bad touch pad . And gets overheat . Not good
In this mibile name & details shows 8gb internal but internal memory is 4gb wht this
POOR SHOW DON'T HAVE SPACE FOR APPS. DRAINS BATTERY FASTER , GETTING HEAT UP FASTER
Good phone only ! No issues as of now ! Awesome phone for normal users !
Good Budget Phone ... with good specs ... anytym better than pathetic samsung specs
Delivery was quick.....ordered for a friend and very happy with the product........
Only one day only the item have delivered . Good mobile At Good price thanks amazon
performance wise phone is great in this price point.battary life should have longer
Value for money. Excellent camera, 1 GB RAM & 8 GB ROM also good price from Amazon.
Excellent!!! love the phone, no problem at all, go for it. Good service by Amazon!
I really luv the phone It is under our budget.so every one can buy the phone.
Delivery was late. mobile piece is looks very old one. Not a finish product .
realy a good one. with less price it's fulfilling all requirement of a smartphone.
This phone is very useful for job holder. Because its cheke mail & reporting.
satisfactory phone
I love the way amazon.in pampers your orders i got used to their pamperinggg
It's also good phonein this budget but apps installation memory very low (.89gb).
Worst experience..got a faulty phone with speaker problems..Had to send it back..
Got phone 3 days back. Looks and feel are described in site.functioning smoothly.
Its working Perfectly.... No lagging ...! battery back up is not up to the mark
Superb Mobile in lowest price ...!! not a single problem issue in the unite2
packing was excellent and little late delivery. Rest all satisfied....
I orders this unite2 on 4th Oct 2014. After one month & three days phone is dead.
basically its a good mobile. but sometimes hangs when open multiple applications.
This phone is very good & its looks are awesome. very good choice for low budget.
This phone is aweaome in every field like bateery back-up, look wise and etc....
It is a very good for its price. My first smart phone and I am enjoying it a lot
Not so well performance of touch ie also poor not so good sim 2 slot not working
nice product i buy this for 5998 Rs delivered with good package thanks to amazon
Its s bst @ cheaper price...awesme mobile n good packing by amazon..i like it..
Good phone. Needs very good manual and learning by doing is too time consuming.
My friends girlfriend is using it.wo khush mera dost khush to main b khush......
For the price, the features are reasonable. Battery life on 3G can be improved.
Product is good, Value for money. Seller delivered the goods very fast. Keepitup
Good budget phone. Memory usable is aprox 05 GB. No lagging when playing games.
Phone is good.....Battery backup is not satisfactory ...Only one day backup....
It is working fine. I am reasonably happy with it. Worth the money that I paid.
I bought this phone to gift my family member. Loved the phone and the features.
100% good product & 100% good service by Amazon in best price. I am very happy.
Good phone but camera is very bad. Performance of camera is very poor.
good one for this price only issue with app memory. MMX need to work more on it
I bought my micromax unite2,, It heats up a lot when i use it, it hangs as well
Little bit struck up with wifi connection, otherwise,Superp and nice phone.:-))
Nice phone in mid budget. good for ruff and tuff use. back cover is also good..
Received defective. Also raised few times return request but still its pending.
Nice one micromax.. soft touch... this device is worth buying.. micromax rocks
superb handset, my mother is using it for over 8 months now...no probs at all
Mobile is superb about prize when v have over appa means it will hang bt pakka
Nothing to complain. Best features at this cost and awesome service by Amazon!
It is basically average as it's net is working very slow instead of being 3g..
network week into home. Battery, front chemra, Android version not as expected
Kindly replace my cell phone as i am facing huge problem while using the same.
Good mobile phone
Nice budget phone
Device had a motherboard problem in just 5 months of use. Service is pathetic
Its super phone updated with android 5.1, its priceless. 1 gb ram & 8 gb rom.
amazing app providing same product at cheapest price with better quality.....
i am satisfied with the phone but it took a long time to be delivered :( :)
Its to less to my expectations; i have been bluffed by purchasing a product .
Camera no good micromax give 5 mp but looking like 3 mp overall I give 2 star
Frequent touch problem, i want piece replacement or some other company mobile
functions are little bit tough and the camera quality is not up to the mark .
It was awesome....but phone storage is low and not the internal storage......
I was searching for good business and entertainment phone with budget of 10,000/- and searched many options on Amazon. After visited 2-3 shops, I finally decided to buy Micromax Unite 2. Believe me, this phone is as fabulous as any other major brand. There are two options which can be hidden by any reseller. Micromax Unite 2 has two models. One is 4 GB and 8GB. There is only Rs. 400/- difference between both the models. Ask to your reseller if he have 8 GB model and buy it. It is even very easy to operate. I love this phone and recommend to buy it from Amazon.in. It is trustworthy store. I am operating Amazon.in since 3 years and found very convenient for Ny products. Thanks Amazon. - Chandni Bhatt, Ahmedabad, Gujarat.
its back cover quality is very poor. their is no screen guard on the screen.
touch screen not working properly. unable to return to amazon online option.
Battery life is the main dissadvantage .. otherwise its a good product.
Firtsly this phone is awesome it comes with kitkat 5mp rear cam and 2 mp front cam the rear camera is not so much good in terms of day-light but in low-light it is pretty decent and with 2 mp front cam the selfies are captured very easily with AF camera and face beauty mode the 8GB ROM which provides around 6 gb to the user and about 0.89 gb to install the apps in internal sd card..No lags i have found yet almost 400 mb of ram is free after installing many apps and the phone just cools down very quickly and its supports HD videos but the speaker is not as much as other micromax handsets have.......Its a very good phone as its price .U can go for it if you like to have a smartphone around rs 5000 THANK YOU
Its okay at this price.. the contacts, contact history is organized badly..
awesome phone...everythins is good...good bateery backup everything is good
About the phone - phone is looking good, design is average, back side is matte finished which is prone to dirt but good for better handling. Performance-working good, no lag, applications are running smoothly (used it for about 4 days).Available ram on boot is about 550mb,very good. Camera - back camera is of 5mp delivering good pics, far better than my canvas juice a177. Front camera is of 2mp for casual selfie and vedio chat. Screen - i have only problem with its screen, not that much good when comparing it to canvas juice a177 but at this price point, it is mangable. Verdict - If you have a tight budget of 6k, you can consider it over android one and also canvas juice.
Very good phone in this rate, and fast delivery from amazon (Gabbar deals)
i bought this phone.when i open packinh is good.But mobile touch is damage
heavy weight and touch is not working properly.. it is a entry level phone
Don't go for it very bad product and camera is Also bad. Go for canvas 2.2
Its good Phone worth value Both cameras good and comes with excellent apps
over all handset is good but charger not work micromax service is very bad
All fetures is in one mobile. this mobile also a cheap prise. Thank you.
best value for money,original product deliverd before promised date..tanxx
no that much good as app download memory is low,and so many problem exist
It touch is not up to mark and other function is also not easy to handle.
Excellent phone in this Price Range. Good Service from Amazon. Thank You.
IT WAS FULLY DEFECTIVE....MIC PROBLEM..REPAIRED IN LOCAL MRKT...REST OKK
Working fine. Only thing is buttery last very sort while watching video.
very good phone with minimum price.....easy to handle.....user friendly.
Very good Smart phone at this price. You get all features in this mobile
Not bad only problem internal memory is too low to install any apps
Ab aap ne price km kr diya h please price km kr k lagana tnx
speaker sound is not so good,but overall other functional feature is ok
From the beginning day charger not working, how to rectify the problem
Camera low quality we want back cases there is not available back cases
nice color as seen in pic.......... product is gud $& cheap den in shop
pretty useful low price but look for other option too if you want
i purchased micromax unite A106 mobile..Battery backup very worst.....
Very good supply and perfect delivery of products before expected date
i love it i suggest all to buy this smartphone and enjoyyyyy
Good Phone at this price good battery back up, but volume is very low.
battery back up is very poor, by evening we have to charge, rest is ok
Very good phone in this price range. Also delivered in 5 Business days
Good Smart phone under common man budget. Camera clarity is very good.
That smart phone is class Thanks micromax Thanx amezone too
good mobile at this price, but back panel if white this DOES NOT GOOD
ok but compare to better other products of micromax its little costly
Best phone for this price... Apps memory s low but quite adjustable..
good mobile by micromax but need to press touch screen little hardly.
I dint get your order at final stage order cancelled . Its very poor
Damage mobile recieved. Sound very low. Battery backup only 4 hours.
This is not working. It is unable to open.Permantently switched Off.
This mobile superb but internal storeg is not worked &storeg is 1 gb
Very good Product.... Good pricing.... Good service... Good dealer..
Very niz phone....then long time battery backup..... Easy to handle
I have found the packet of mobile is opened, like used. But it's OK
Everything was fine, but the screen guard alone was a bit damaged.
nice camera and good battery backup......I love this phone.........
This phone have 0.9GB only usable for application download even if they shown 8GB internal memory. After few applications download memory will cross to 800MB, notification message shows as LOW internal storage (& also Mobile is having unwanted inbuilt applications (these are consumes some memory in internal memory so finally available storage is less than 0.9GB)).. But some application can move to SD card but for application functioning, some % of memory will consume by internal memory in moved application & So only few application can use. This is the major disadvantage in this mobile.
Worth for new android user. A b budgeted phone. Camera & flash is good. But application space is comparatively low. After installation of Facebook & Whatsap you can't install applications which need to remain in phone memory. I also own Micromax A116 HD. What I observed that unite2 occupy more space for same application than A116 HD. For e.g. Chrome uses application size of 38 MB in A116 HD against it 75 MB in Unite 2 for Chrome. Space is major concern for this phone. Users who use the applications like FB/WA/G+ at low activity can buy it. Otherwise it requires frequent space management.
Good Product..
Awesome phone.
Good Front Camera... and satisfies the mentioned configurations...
Its a good one, sirf its least price. good better best. Thats all.
the charge of this phone doesnt even last a day... please help me
nice mobile for micromax high internet speed and multi tasking .
I bought this phone 1month back.best perfomance and best quality.
value for money but will have to see how long the hardware lasts
I dont understand meang for 8 Gb pls explain .really i m confused
I love to bought this product, was so excitement...good condition
Battery 4hours coming down. Phone hanging.ring tone is not loud.
Best value for money mobile! Kind of challenging moto g(1st gen)
Sometimes run out of battery very fast..without even using much.
Working and all other thing is good but it has less apps storage
Awosome phone...amazing camera clearity. Everything is exallant,
Product is very good......But Local courier facility is not good
Not 8 GB, Internal memory, only 1 GB, and shipping after 20 days
Very poor delivery. one month delay.. And also not good packing
Its super and nice phone in 6000 micromax impover very very much
excellent - exactly what was expected and delivered as promised.
Its a very fantastic mobile and the dilevery of amazon is superb
Superb phone in this price segment. Camera quality is also good.
Good product at this price of Rs.7000. Will get hanged at times.
Budget phone, camera response poor, application memory too less.
i bought it for my father and average kind of reasonable product
Product is good ...but courier facility very poor and lazey....
too good experince except its APP memory is is adorable handset
Battery backup is very poor n mobile having overheating problem
Battery back-up is poor and other apps are good , overall good.
The phone is good, only problem is storage for apps and updates
this mobile performance superb, that model is look like a lumia
Its a very good mobile at this price, the configuration is good
Simply superb.. I love it.... faster delivery worth to take....
Comes with screen Guard, Nice Back cover, Video quality is good
It is gud to use at dis price ..no complains...gud battery life
Item is good in compare to other compsnies mobile below 6000/-
Nice phone. Having all good useful options for this rate phone
Worst product i got from u. Has so many problems in it...
Worth buying...with max latest features in this price range...
Good phone at this range according to the other mobiles phones
Puchho mat kharido bindaas .KYONKI YE SET hai BAHUT HI KHAAS
Nice Phone.... only one problem some time battery is heat
Net slow in 2g .battery slow when using browsing stand by 6hrs
Phone is nice but battery is not good at all. Disappointed. :|
Very Good Smart mobile with awesome features at low price. :-)
Iam not happy with the product as it is not working in proper manner. Many times touch screen funtion is not work. Some times it will not allow to go to home page during any activity. Its screen gaurd quality what I have got is very bad. moble display size is 4.7 . It's back cover is easily dismantle anytime during handling of mobile (it is not tight fit). So overall I am really unhappy to purchase it, bad quality back cover. I think, it is not checked properly before dispatched to me. i,m facing hang problem too. very bad quality
Delivery service is very very nice, Nice experience..........
This was for my wife and she is more than happy with the set.
Internet faster mobile is micromax Unit 2 mobile,simple model
service is good and battery back up is average not up to hope
Nice Product with Low Prices as per review and configuration.
working is nice but model body has very low quality material.
In that range good product to buy ,Battery is not much good
This product reached my requirements. Thats why I love it. :)
Good..nice...very comfortable product..good service by Amazon
Very good phone ! Apps can be moved to the SD card which is the best facility I ever seen in this price range.
LOL..... MRP Rs 8499.... And you offer discount in that....
It dosen't have 8GB internal memory. It has only 6GB memory.
Its working vry smoothly n its a vry good service by Ur team
The battery is Ultra poor! Nothing great about this product.
very good mobile include every features, in this price range
I bought this for my friend. Best phone in this price range.
This phone is good however touch sensor is not upto the mark
Internal memory part is too bad!!! 0.97 GB = 970 MB has been allocated for apps installation which includes Micromax preloaded apps. After installing Whatsapp and facebook most of the apps memory has been used, so any new app after these should be installed to external SD Card. So I can give you a nice suggestion: first insert micro sd card, go to settings of phone->storage then choose default memory storage as external sd card then try to install the apps which ever needed... Hope it helps!!!!
I m use this phone i month itss good no problem im satified
product is good but the courier service is worst...........
Excellent phone,with max. feautures at afforadable price!!!
This phone z nt gud. Battery z vry bad. Features r vry gud.
vary good camra good 3g spped good styil good batter backup
nice mobile with amazing price....amazon is just incredible
Its an O.K. kind of phone for the price charged ...........
The product was faulty. I have returned after 5 day of use.
I like it very much, there is only one difficulty that I am facing is it's WI-FI IS NOT WORKING PROPERLY.
Good Handset
gifted it to my lil brother. he is loving every bit of it.
Very good budget smartphone. Excellent features. Go for it
It's Very Good Product & I like the service of amazon also
speaker not working n amazon is not taking responsibility.
camera is excellent. Battery back up is not satisfactory.
Smart slim good looking mobile..highly valued for money...
Good phone compare expenses ones.your budget is low buy it
Took long time for delivery but Very good mobile go for it
It awsome fone in low budget, i will recommend this to you
Service of Amazon is definitely very good. The product was delivered in time and brand new. But, this is one of the worst product i have experienced. When ever downloading any apps, it shows insufficient space, while it has almost 8 GB internal and 16 GB external memory card. The customer care centre, Chennai of Micromax rectified the problem which was temporary solution. After downloading 2-3 apps, the same problem is persisting. So, I suggest not to purchase this product from anywhere.
Ph gets heated very quickly....battery should be better..
very nice and good delivery in talukapleases aslo thank q
Camera is not satisfactory... ovetall ok with the pricr..
Awesome no doubt, thank you amazon..i just love amazon :D
this is very good phone in this budget.good configration.
i am not satisfy the new Mobil because it is not working
its good but not as desired..color is dark blue not grey.
it is ok but earlier i had to face problem to on it .....
Product is good. The delivery is made in 24 hours time.
Micromax Unite 2 A106 (Grey, 8GB) is a good and great ph.
Nice phone. Good display. Lightweight. Fast. Good sound.
Really Good Phone in this Price. Good service by Amazon.
It,s Simply superb.but battery backup still one day only
Delivers High Graphics apps without lag easily - awesome
i have ordered the phone from Amazon and they delivered it within promised date in absolutely good condition its a very good looking phone at this price range ... for description you can see it online. Front camera is good in very bright light its ok you can say not good Rear camera is also not up to the mark its also ok. touch is so smooth , i have used it for 2 days and yet its not hanging till now so its the best phone in this range.
i love it ,value 4 money,cheap price with all features.
Excellent product with real prompt service by merchant.
not happy with performance. Would like to have a refund
awesome phone.. i buy it through amazon.in itss awesome
Very good Phone for this price...performance is good...
The mobile hangs up alot. And battery life is not good.
Good value for money. Indian products are always worthy
Great phone
it is a good smartphone in this range working properly
Except low app memory everything great worth of money.
Awsome phone made by micromax. Its un believable.
Very good experience. I found minimum price on Amazon.
Internal memory is less otherwise (*****) is a MusT :)
till day the phone is working properly and no regrets.
Not bad.... its quite good among this range phones....
good phone at this price but internal mem is very low.
Write your review hereMicomax unite 2 A106 Good pice
My micromax Unite 2 A106 is defected (NOT WORKING)...
Not impressed with the phone. Samsung is much better.
superb phone with extra battery life than the old set
Good in bajet but app not trasnfer to internal mamory
Nice phone camera clearity superb nd not hanging ....
battery backup is not follow as per description shown
not bad till now at this price its awesome
it is best phone this rate i am very happy this phone
Very good service and very good product zakassss
good product, received on time, strongly recommended.
good phone.... but unwanted games apps in mobile,,,,,
Fine...battery power low..thank u..no multi task too
Returned the item, it was not accepting any sim card
nice phone in good price but it does not support OTG
Was a gift for my employee.He is very happy with it.
Delivered on time & quality of product is also good.
Nice phone to this rate. Camera quality is very poor
Nice and awesome experience with Unite 2 Thanks
Good Item Dispatched and recived Quickly.Good Phone.
High heat produce this mobile and camera is not good
A very nice phone. Good speed., decent configuration
Perfect for people with low budget for mobile set !
A very good product, All sections are working well.
Nice Mobile good speed , high performance
Camera is not good and GPS system not work properly
Your service is very good but It's average product.
Good product and at very reasonable price at Amazon
nice phone but lots of pre installed junk apps
i haved unite 2 The best mobile best battery backup
Feature packed phone below Rs.7000/- from Micromax.
I got my phone today, I switched to it after HTC desire. Over all performance is good but Micromax gave plenty of useless app which consume a lot internal memory and these also not transferred to external memory not even I am able to uninstall them. 4star for performance and red colored device. People who are looking a value for money android device can go for it in 7k it is far better then MotoE.
Good phone with good features in affordable range.
Value for money. Nice design and good performance.
Service was good but the phone battery is not good
IT'S GOOD.CAMERA IS BATTER. ALL THINGS ARE BATTER.
Writing this comment from the same amazing phone!!
It's a very nice phone to have at such a low price
I RECEIVED IT YESTERDAY AT PRICE 6585/. DISPUTES I FOUND- 1.PACKING IS TOO LOW QUALITY NOW A DAYS. 2.MAD APP. UNEXPECTEDLY STOP. 3.UC MINI ONLY SUPPORT. BUT STOP AFTER SOME TIME. 4.OTG NOT WORK IN THIS PHONE(OTG SUPPORT). 5.EXTREMELY HEAT WHEN TALKING. 6.I ODER FOR 4 GB ROM MOBILE BUT THEY SEND 8GB ROM MOBILE WHICH IS DAMAGE PRODUCT. SO I RETURN THE PRODUCT.
phone was not very good but average at its price.
Good mobile, with that price its value for money.
Mobile is verry good. And reached my home Safely.
No this not 8 GB only 5 gb available in my mobile
Ya its good but battery performence is very poor.
Isse achha kuch nai...battery backup is quit good
Amazing Mobile It Is Truly delivering the Performance to the fullest. Its easy to use handy mobile. The quality of handset is awesome the screen refines the Premium Look. Far more quality better than samsung mobiles Cons is the Earphone should have been in-the ear category. Its very normal earphone given in the box and the sound quality is not good in earphone.
good product but rate are down after my purchase
android KitKat last time i got lollipop updated.
Vary nice Micromax Unite 2 A 106, good handling,
Mobile condition is good and no problem in phone
Best product fantastic quality works really fast
Nice phone Still faster then expectations.......
This phone giving so heat while using net,flash.
It is nice... Delivered as mentioned.. Thanks...
delivery is very late to me disspointed my hopes
it's amazing picture quality.and very smart one.
its worth the money doesn't lag good phone
Value for money... Good product.. You can trust
VERY GOOD PRODUCT THAN OTHER PRICE AND FACILITY
It is working nicely and it met my expectations
nice phone.......& nice service by AMAZONE...:)
short batterylife,having 5 gb internal memmory.
very comfortable mobile.any one can purchase it
my expectation was fullfilled.thank you amazon.
Excellent phone with unmatchable specifications
Phone is good. But often it hangs for a second.
Prblm only with btry bck up othr wise its goood
Nice mobile....exellent service on delivery....
Good product but it take more shipping time...
Not at all good take the asus zenfone 5 instead
all function is best but camra flas is britness
In comparison of moto e this phone is bakwas!!!
Performance not much good. Very low performance
mobile very nice, except phone internal memory
Superb mobile with less cost and more features
i got deffective device. microfone not working
heating problem at the time of gaming or call.
good phone best price camera quality poor
Pathetic battery. Battery drains very quickly.
surprised to see the screen guard in the pack.
Product is really worth the money and is good.
Reliable price.ontime delivery.extremely happy
Excellent
unite 2 is nice piece but it lags while movie
PRODUCT IS NICE BUT LIMITED QUANTITIES MATTER
Best at a lower price. Rear camera looks good
This phone camera is great Otherwise not good
Very good smartphone with 1 GB RAM, 8 GB ROM.
Nice features at such a low price............
Some times it doesn't work & becomes very hot
not able to download anything from play store
Really a good product.i got this phone for Rs.5874/- for my brother. amazon delivery is too good.I ordered 10/10/14 morning 7.00 am, the product delivered on 11/10/14 12.30 pm.Camera and touch is very good. mobile speed is also good.some of the apps were free installed. very worth able phone for that cost what i spend.
THIS PIECE OF ITEM IS TOO BETTER TO I EXPECT
Divice app storage MB is v less not suficent
Best phone..... Delivery very fast on amazon
I bougt it to my friend..he like the product
good but back button is not working properly
its very Nice iam very happy with this......
Apps storege capacity is 1gb .im filling bad
Good product.. at good price.. good shipping
Overall good..provided 1 screen guard 4 free
I m useing micromax A106 Unite 2 mast phon h
its has excellent performance… Its a good buy…… i have been using mobile for 2 weeks…there is no crashing or getting slow……… kitkat OS makes it alll easyyy……… Every app works fine……… cons : gets hot after use. only 1 Gb for installing applications 2 Gb is internal storage… display is not that great.……
Smartest phone in cheap price very gd phone
Price is very good. .and good delivery. ...
ok collction and delavry time ez very good
Good phone Great feature in this price
Farst and Care FulllyDelivery.. I like This
Great deal! Working good so far.. liked it.
Excellent Model and Price within the Budget
Nice product, but storage capacity very low
Good combination of features in this range.
Superb phone for that price. Simply superb.
Nice but battory drains like drinking water
Its a nice phone except storage and battery
Just fine, with the product, not too great.
Best phone except camera quality...........
It can play almost all HD games and has amazing battery life .
Worth for the money paid. Micromax is good
Nice phone but problem with right soft key
Very nice features in less price. Cheers..
is there Gorilla glass in micromax unite 2
A Good product for All group of Peoples...
white colour is dust absorbing dont buy it
The SIM 1 slot seems to have some problem.
best mobile ever in low cost by micromax..
The specs r too good for a 7k smartphone. Considering its low price tag, there's hardly anything to whine about. The delivery service is totally amazing. Keep it up, Amazon. Micromax has become my favourite now. This is my 2nd MMX handset after Canvas 2.2. Both are awesome. Totally satisfied with the performance!
If you wanna cash in ya money for a mob which has quite an excellent features then yes you can opt for this one. Amazon delivered the product on the scheduled date without any lag, packing and delivery is exceptional. 4 stars is coz mob is so far so good, would rate it with 5 based on its performance.
excllent
Its good mobile. Happy about the product.
It's a great phone in this price segment.
Good phone.... But poor battery backup...
Low battery life.But worth for the money.
Phone is good but i m waiting for my gift
Good one but camera is not up to the mark
The product is excellent in every aspect.
Micromax unite 2 Green it's Amazing phone
low prices high futures but good working
Pathetic service by the dealer Gadget world and Micromax.
the phone is very good, value for money.
It's really nice one gud to use it......
product is good but delivery is very bad
Device is gud but touch is not sensitive
Great phone. Great specs.. great price..
Nyc mobile...and amazon u guys r awsm...
Can't get a better mobile at this price.
This is the one of the best budget phone ive ever seen....totally full of features....in very low cost...my thanks to AMAZON for delievering this product to me in such a short period of time moreover the product was fresh and 1000% genuine........thx to AMAZON....i love this phone and website
Super fone...... Good package ....... Nicely delivered...... Solid feel..... Cannot expect a better fone at this price point..... I ordered this for my friennd...... He is saying tat itz not wat he expected..... Sayin tat itz too much features ..... Too much performance for this price.....
value for money phone in budget section
Quick and I'm happy with the product...
Awesome mobile... (y) And Amazon u rock
Good guality smart phone from micromax.
this heating up when using data or wifi
A very good product at a low price tag.
Good product. Working very smooth.
Nice phone within minimum delivery time
Is be a good at low prize thanku amazon
This is a good value for money phone.
Write your review here nice phone
Ok speed lesss but wort for money paid
Good quality phone with moderate price
up to expection.. and worth for d cost
good product for the cheapest price...
its amazing-very fast easy to operate.
the worst phone I ever used. IT SUCKS.
Available on gadgets guru at 6100 only
Just amazing phone with low budget....
good smart phone with smooth operation
I'M VERY MUCH HAPPY TO BUY FROM AMAZON
amazing
Cool... Lollipop is really tasty.....
very good smart phone for best price.
Best in all way( Kum me Bum) Great...
Best features at its low price range.
The battery is worst for this product
This is such a wounderful experience.
I am using it very fast does not hang
It is good. Devlivered at exact date.
small budget mobile , really Like it.
its good phone with reasonable price!
best cheap phone ever used...........
it' s very heating without any reason
Yes i am satisfied with the services.
Great product.....worth the price....
user friendly and smart smartphone...
Gr8 phone with awesome battery backup
Good performance but memory is waste
Its working good and cost effective.
Good to buy this mobile at 6000 only
For a mid range phone its a good buy
Awesome phone in this price range..!
camera is not so good in low vision.
very good phone at this price range.
Excellent phone and value for money.
always showing internal storage full
Simply nice phone no doubt abot that
Very nice phone.am happy to have it.
VALUE FOR MONEY. VERY GOOD FETCHERS.
Its amazing..... Thank to amazon....
It has all I need to work. Good one.
Am using this mobile is very good .
Good product. 100% - 5*
Nice phone with easy emi by amazon.
Minimum cost with maximum features.
Worth for your hard earned money...
Good product from Micromax Mobiles.
Mobile is very nice not a problem m
No battery backup It gets hang
Its Very Good. Performance wise Ok.
good but low memory for apps update
Very good smartphone with 8gb& 1ram
the phone is ok. camera not so gud.
Battery sucks!!!! Poor battery life
Camera not good.performance average
cotanct photos not saved is problem
excellent phone poor battery backup
Micromax Unite 2 A 106 is very nice
Budget phone ...best in its specs .
its a fantastic phone no lacking in any game i m playing fifa 2014 asfalt 8 and may other games with are more than a GB. its really worth for money and u'll not get any other phone in the same range with this configuration.its really awesome.
Verry cool phone amazon was great.
Working well. Nice to have a piece
nice phone in this price category.
USING 6 MONTHS NO PROBLEM IN PHONE
Good Product on genuine rates..!!!
Good phone.picture clearity v.good
Worth full mobile for this amount.
nice phone with nice specification
Nice product with reasonable price
Good phone and very powerful touch
Awesome product...Amazing deal...
in build memory space is very low.
Sometimes hanging problem occured.
There is some battery backup issue
This cell is very nice in low cost
they sent product through Indian post. not so much delayed. the small problems-1.less battery back up- but you should keep in mind that all andoid phones has less battry back up.so it is not a great problem.2.sometimes the phone gets HANGS when dialing a number....it does not happens always,,,,only some times.... 3...phone gets heated up after a long term use 4.
Battery not good,poor performance
nice product ...... fast delivery
Good product, worth for the price
very Nice mobile under this price
better to go for any other mobile
Nice phne as compare to its price
Best features in affordable price
Gr8 phone every thing is good..☺☺
superb mobile to use... best rate
Very good mobile in this range...
Faulty product but prompt refund!
Worth for Money and its good one.
AWESOME PHONE... BOUGHT 4 OF THEM
I got 4GB phone instead of 8GB :(
Wowww.
It's awesome I like it very much
Mobile is super thank you amazon
internet very slow working,heavy
Very nice phone on this price...
Nice one with all specify things
I am satisfied with the product.
nice phone i like this phone....
Very good smart phone. Must buy.
wonderful mobile the best price.
Good one and nice service Amazon
Its nice & superb in this price.
touch is not working some times.
Very nice phone.value for money.
Best phone in this price group..
This mobile give look very cool
it is valuable for the payment,
Good phone in this price range.
I don't like big screen mobiles
Thanks for Awesome Product ! :)
Good experience good experience
Not bad very handy till now ..
Good phone. Till date no issue.
Having Regular Battery Problems
worth product and fast delivery
best mobile very low price
thanks for connecting my choice
I recommend you by this product
Good one Worth Ur money !!
Nice phone. Absolutely amazing.
this phone is Superb @low price
Nice Phone and nice performance
Excellent mobile at this price.
Its very nice experience with u
verry good product with pakegin
Very fast and butifull dilivery
Money to useful & good product
Its nice phone in this price..
battery back up is not good...
best product and at best price
Happy with product and seller.
my wife using really wonderful
good product.. thanks Amazon..
Nice product but little costly
Good product but liitle costly
Back cover is not good damaged
Its realy vry vry good handset
Item is good and fast shipping
Camera . Prosesor. Ram exalant
good Mobile. at only INR 6350.
Excellent phone at this price.
its okay....at abt this price.
SET IS VERY BEAUTIFUL AND GOOD
budgeted smart phone amazing!!
Such a good phone. Raju Mandal
Not bad,but some hanging prblm
I am really addicted tot his phone. It has an awesome processor and also the best screen size for a phone at this price. Kudos to Micromax. Special thanks to Amazon for the express delivery.
ok, happy with amazon service
nice mobile for this price...
Very nice in that price happy
quility of material very poor
Superb mobile in this budget.
Very good phone from micromax
Its good i am pleased with it
This product not delivered me
Average item ,value for money
It's fantastic and very fast.
its a good phone...i bought 2
Very nice phone in low price.
good service and good product
sorry for delay feedback, I am abroad, today I receive my stuff from one of my colleagues, It's nice product from Micromax,I recommend this product in my circle and people love it.
I have purchased this device in Feb 2015. Its battary is working well, it stands for two days if a few calls only taken. Features are good. There is no storage problem if not used to install games. I have installed many apps and are working good. The MAD application is really a MAD thing. Better not have it. There are a few ads only, getting bored of these items. I could not share the internet of the device with my PC inspite of several attempts. The USB tethering is not at all useful. Its a worst thing that there is no PC Suite for this device. Even small feature phones also offer it, this one could not. Why? The customer care response is worst, worst, worst. No response from C.C. No.18605008286. I don't know why. If the problem is mailed the response is too short which not at all relevent. I suggest the company should think on these things to reach the people. I was about to purchase Xioami Redme, but thinking of our country product and better service availability, I preffered this device. TOTAL UPSET. - H. RAGHU RAM 9490029303
1) No wifi 2) No space 3) Micromax Bloatware 4) No Micromax support or Warranty 5) Used ATS(Amazon Transportation Services) Courier, which doesn't provide tracking details publicly. To view tracking details for a NON-PERSONAL order on a PERSONAL account is a very bad policy. ATS calls itself a courier service, but doesn't meet the standards. The wifi does NOT work on this model. For 8 months, I had a solid internet plan, so there was no need for Wifi, but then I stopped that and realized that there was no Wifi!?!?!?!? Now what is the point of an Android mobile without internet? It's just 6,000 rupees, but the listing said it had Wifi. In addition, I bought the 4GB model, which meant it had limited space and I had to buy an OTG pendrive and a Memory card for another 3000 rupees. Oh and micromax installs all this bloatware. Their annoying games and apps which can't be removed. This 'pay per call' was particularly annoying and when I contacted Micromax about it, I COULD'NT! I tried every day for a week. Their numbers don't work. The warranty wasn't valid either, but this can be expected for pretty much everything you buy online.
At first glance I was amazed. Until I received phone. The memory is crap! It has like 4 GB of space but shows 8 GB of ROM. However, for apps there's only 800 MB available space. Like 5 of the 8 GB you can't even use! I only had the phone 3 days and I was already getting message that I had insufficient space for app updates. Very frustrating!!! Plus, my icons would constantly disappear, move around, and double or triple on my screen. Every time I wasted time getting my folders and icons back the way I wanted them, they would screw all up again. So, despite the fact that price was a great bargain, the screen quality was awesome, the camera was amazing, the video was phenomenal, and the screen size was huge....it didn't seem to matter after the issues with the storage space and software glitch. I doubted trying this brand I'd never tried before. However, it sounded so promising. Too good to be true. And you know when things seem to good to be true, they usually are. I put in for a refund and was promised UPS would pick it up in a few days. It has now been a month and I still get called every few days asking if the phone has been picked up yet. I tell them no and they apologize and tell me it will be picked up the next day between 2 and 6. It never gets picked up and so the pattern continues...call, apology, promise, call apology, promise. Thankfully, they went ahead and refunded me regardless of the fact that the phone has never been picked up and returned to them. What a nightmare! Don't bother with this phone until you see proof that the software issue and memory has been resolved.
we are happy with this phone
Very good and in budget also
Its quite a good smart phone
Got a Bad quality product...
It is best cell. Purchase it
suberb phone with best prise
Good.camera clarity is good.
Nice working in every aspect
excellent one for this price
best phone compare to price.
EXCELLENT BUDGET CELL PHONE.
WOW WHAT A DEAL DONE UNITE 2
Nicely Working Till Date....
Nice piece with good packing
Excellent phone,fast service
Very good price n good speed
great mobile..... worth
Accelent and trusted service
A good device for the price.
Good service... Nice product
Waste phone i did'nt like it
Battery is creating problem.
In this price it is good one
A good deal with this price.
Amazing phone at this price
I am happy with unite 2 ………!
Best Product for Best price.
Awasome, Iam confuse...
Nice Mobile, value for money
Good Phone, Seller is good.
Delivered with latest lollipop. . Sooper smooth. . .playing thor. . Asphalt. . Mortal kombat at high setting. .
Satisfied for this product.
Very good & beautiful phone
nice product with gud speed
perfect phone for teenagers
Tanks for micromax & Amazon
Good product nd grt service
good product for office use
Good phone. Worth for money
Good feedback from my side.
very good directly purcahse
Nice to work,camera is good
good as compared with value
This prodak is not fathfuly
Good phone with great price
Good product, user friendly
Re-writing my review. For the last one year, I had become a fan of Micromax. Cheaper phones, high configuration etc. I purchased 3 mobiles a tablet and a TV. All from Micromax. Exactly one year after I got the First Micromax phone (purchased on 18th March 2014, problem started 13th March 2015). (display issues, dead battery, no network) Another phoen purchased around april 2014 and problem started feb 2015. (display issues, dead battery, no network) Micromax customer care is pathetic. they wont help you at all. I tried reaching out to local micromax service stations in Hyderabad. 4 out of 6 addres given are fake and the contact numbers never work. Highly dissappointed with the experience. I can understand that I paid less when compared to branded devices, but this is pathetic. I'm never gonna buy any more micromax devices. enough spent. Thanks Micromax for letting me know how CHEAP you guys are.
as alwayz great experiance
micromax i love this phone
Best mobile in price range
good one. worth for money.
Nice product on this rate.
Good cell best service....
I LIKE THIS MICROMAX A106,
BEST PRICE N FAST DELIVERI
Worth for the money paid..
Nice product n g8 shipping
There is no flip cover why
Great product @ this price
Loved it. Amazing service.
low price and all function
Good phone value for money
its good now i am enjoying
Nice but not wark on Wi-Fi
IT IS VERY GOOD SMARTPHONE
Its been almost a month using Micromax Unite 2...... Loved this awesome mobile... Great Display.. Rocking performance..Not faced any legging issue so far.
Simply superb service....
some function not workung
can not store heavy apps.
Good mobile in this range
completes my requirements
nice handset... worth buy
Amazing product on Amazon
Good phone in this budget
Best phone at cheap prize
Cool phone at cool price.
It's really a great buy..
Nice Product paise woosul
best quality in low price
Nice phone in low budget.
Nice phone yar don't miss
Very Nice phone. Must buy
Nice mobile in this price
what i expected i got it.
Best phone ever under 7k
Good looking with feature
as expected its very good
This mobile is very bad.
Good phone at less price
Vibration is not working
best phone at this price
Perfect phone@this price
Looks Good... using also
good phone on this price
Good mobile on low price
Good product from amazon
Good phone in best range
Micromax rocks love this
Nice phone in this range
good phone on this price
great mobile, works good
Fullfill all requirement
awesome mobile in budget
Good phone for the price
Best phone in this range
Picture quality is good. The internal memory is only 1.6 GB not 4 GB what company claims. The battery life is also poor only 3-4 hours.
This phone has best camera don't write false reviews. Good processor. Loud speaker. 1 gb ram nothing bad. In this phone.
good
One of the best device to have, in economy range with Android Kitkat. Pleasant experience with Amazon. Thanks a lot
I got the defective one
Gr8 phn with best price
Excellent to this price
value for money product
not so good............
Value for money product
superb product,worthful
worth for this price...
simple best super phone
very good product .nice
Its a nice budget phone
Best phone at this cost
Good one Go for it
awesome and money worth
Its really great phone.
Consums lots of battery
Very good at this price
Superb Buyer Forever...
Good phone @ good price
Good product good price
Good product Good price
worth for the money....
The concept Micromax using such as division of internal memory for apps and for data storage is really bad. The phone is nice overall but after updating all google softwares and micromax preinstalled softwares, there is hardly any space for other apps. Even if e can move apps to external SD card, some MBs are still in internal storage and hence limiting number of apps can be installed and worst thing is we can not uninstalled micromax's useless apps(micromax : dont go on samsung's path). The overall handling,performance,touch,speaker volume are very good and you will not face any issues with the cell. I will give 3 stars as I got irritated by storage error and people should consider android one phones launched recently before buying this. :)
going good. No repent.
Excellent Product..:-)
Good phone , go for it
A good phone in budget
Nice & Good product...
its just awesome...!!!
good, prompt delivery.
Fulfill all desires...
IT IS VERY GOOD MOBILE
Great..... thumps up..
good operating systems
A best and cheap phone
Been using this ph for last 3m..satisfied..pros- u can read it in d specifications..jst wud add dat Battery back up is really good..now d cons- 1.internal memory of 1 gb dat is left to install aps is v less..cant update d aps as space finishes..hav to uninstall few aps to make space to update sum aps..aps do not dwnload directly into memory card..so initially installed in ph memory only..2. Sound quality is avrage..ext speaker sound is also just so so..3. Phone hangs wen switchd on after power off..its frequent affair...4.everytime d ph is switched on d customised home apps diaapper n has to be reset again..overall a gud ph at this budget but as memory is v v less so forget about installing much aps or a few games...u hav ur choice...
the battery gets charged fast and loses its charge twice faster thn tht. And most importantly it gt heated on the bck side in jst 5/6 minutes while using internet..memory also shows not enough space left.......so for me its not the ideal phone....bt I must give 10 stars for the service of AMAZON ,got the delivery in 6 dys, used and informd about the problems in the set. and it took only 4 days for complain + Picking up the set from my place + Refund of full money.............so m fully satsfd wth their Servce..and one more imprtnt thng abt the ""Call me now"" servce,,which is provided to talk to the customer service,they rang us in 1/2 second,it saves our money from callng the customer care.... its jst awsome..
best phone I have one
Got in good condition
An average phone.....
good mobile over all.
Its a nice smartphone
A good economy piece
it's cool.....awesome
it is a great product
value for money .....
Cheap and best mobile
beyond expectations..
great deal...........
ITS GREAT I FEEL GOOD
good display and fine
happy to to be hiered
Wonderful performance
Yes, i have received item according to given specification, but very upset, because it shows internal memory is 8GB but product have 2 specs like phonememory -1 gb and internal sd card memory - 8 gb, and extra sd card called external sd card- whatever u put, but the main problem with this model is apps are stored in phone memory we are enable to use the internal sd memory. As in normal phone, all apps stored in internal memory, this is very fruad to customer, we assume that their is having 8 gb internla memory but we are getting only 1 gb memory, without internal memory anoroid phone is use less. Please dont buy this model is very upseting model.
nice phone i like it
very very good phone
low cost super phone
Its worth for 6000/-
i love my mobile....
good for this price.
The cell phone is ok
good one by micromax
A very good purchase
Better than the best
Yes is it good phone
good phone.go for it
nice phone go for it
I ordered this phone on 08 July 2014 on COD basis and although the order acknowledgement said it would arrive between 10-12 July it actually arrived on 09 July. It was a pleasant surprise. Thanks Amazon! Well, initially I was quite happy with this phone and I even gave it 4 stars in my earlier review but after some time I started getting a problem. Everytime I tried installing an app, I would get insufficient memory error message. I am sure many users of this phone have similar or same problem. Right now I have only 5 apps installed on this phone besides whatever came with it. So, this is very disappointing. So, prospective buyers...beware!!! Please don't buy this phone if you want lots of apps on your phone (and that is what a smart phone is for isn't it???). Buy some other phone.
the price is high, the product is not getting for the rs 7000, in all site the product is above 7500
They should have concentrated on the ROM available for installation of Apps. Too many bloat wares, which could not be un-installed at all, and which were constantly running in the background, prevented useful apps from installation. The remark "The Phone do not have enough memory" was faced all the times. So I had to return the Phone, even though i was very sad to do it. All other Features of the Phone are really good. The Camera is excellent. I would like to re-purchase this, if they could sell me at the same old price Amazon service is simply superb, no second thought about it
best cell in 6000/-
The product is good
Superb phone.......
Meet my expectation
Low Battery Life...
ITS A GOOD PRODUCT.
its excellent phone
I purchased this product on 6th Jan 2015. The product was looking nice. First time itself in the screen one black dot was their. I thought it is due to the screen guard. and the dot increased day by day so i thought of changing the screen guard.while removing the screen guard I understand that it is not the fault of screen guard instead it is the lcd display damage. So when I wanted to return the item. the account says your return time frame is closed. While purchasing the item the time frame was 30 days and the time frame was closed 10 days before the actual time frame. This is a bad thing by the amozon
I am not happy with the product as it is not working in proper manner. Many times touch screen funtion is not work. Some times it will not allow to go to home page during any activity. Its screen gaurd quality what I have got is very bad. It is not correct in size (it is around 4.5 inch whereas moble display size is 4.7 inch). It's back cover is easily dismantle anytime during handling of mobile (it is not tight fit). So overall I am really unhappy to purchase this phone online b'cz I got wrong screen guard, bad quality back cover. I think, it is not checked properly before dispatched to me.
I buy new Unit 2 A106 before one month, this is good phone but this phone does not support more than 1 GB applications. I have install following applications in the phone and now i am unable to neither download any new application nor update this applications due to storage issue. 1) whatsapp, 2) WeChat, 3) Line, 4) Facebook, 5) Flash Light, 6) Gupshup, 7) Monster, 8) Naukri, 9) OLX, 10,Photo editor 11)FB Messanger, 12)Pxlr express 13)UC Browser, 15) Viber, 16) skype, 17) Outlook, 18) shine job. This is very bad, I am unable to install new games.
The mobile is good,..bt in it 1 Problem i faced Now days whenever i coneect or on data plan of docomo conection every 5,10 Second after it flash the remaining Data balance msg for that reason aftr every10 seconds Internet conection disconect or network is gone...in the begining i think that problem happen by tata docomo,.. Bt after confirm from cutomer care they said the problem accur in mobile setings i try and check out many setings in mob bt. No solution find out. Pls tell anybudy how to solve this problem and tell wt changes i wil do in mobile setings for solving this problem.
It is simply super
Good one to choose
Basic good mobile
good one work fine
bad camera quality
Excellent product.
I love this mobile
Gud one nice phone
Excellent, Superub
gud phone no doubt
Good budget mobile
not bad wonder ful
Nicely with useful
Very good product.
This is good phone
thankyou very much
Inbuilt memory low
bad battry backup.
my favorite mobile
It's working good.
Ok... Not so good.
no battery back up
worth for money :)
camera is not good
phone is very good
Good and low price
all features are good but sound quality not up to the mark. cant hear ringtones very well
Excellent product
Excellent.....!!!
poor buid quality camera didn't give 5mp quality
superb phoneeeeee
it often hang up.
Nice Budget Phone
I love this phone
i love this phone
What a nice phone
Touch is bit slow
Very good product
A very good set .
Good budget phone
Look is dam good.
Its good ........
Value for money !
Excellant Product
Good phone. .....
hate this product
Nice set with Android kit kat O.S and quad core processor. Not impressed with the camera, but its worth for below 7K. It has 0,89GB internal memory. If you install whatsapp, facebook and other apps it will consume space from the internal memory. There is no option to transfer the files to external SD card. When your internal memory got full apps got stuck. Amazon service is Amazing. I Brought if from Gabbar deals...thumbs up. Bad service from transport company...Gati limited. But can't blame amazon for it.
Got this mobile on December 2014. Good service by Amazon. But the mobile keyboard is not working properly. It is working weird. When I type a letter 'a' it is displaying as 's'.
Good one from micromax.......
Nice
Excellent phone... Android kitkat is a really good feature for a 7k phone. Amazing processing speed. No lag whatsoever... Decent camera(both of them).. Not so good speaker.. Not very good battery backup and not too much space for apps.. But considering the price, this is a work buying phone... Good display and looks great... Slim and smart looking with a decent built quality... Hats off to Amazon for their superfast and reliable delivery even before the expected date... Overall an amazing buying experience...
Very good phone.
Good performance
its awesome..;-)
Good product....
i like very much
Good as expected
perposed product
Very nice phone.
Very nice phone.
Very good mobile
Rich claas phone
Highly satisfied
simply super avg
It amazing yaaro
Very good phone.
phone is heat up
Its a good phone
Value for money.
fine smart phone
Awewome phone...
Nice Smart Phone
Good Product....
nice mobile gud.
Everything is ok
very nice thanks
Wow.. that is the only reaction i have after looking at this phone. I bought it for my mother. I have most of the Samsung & Sony mobiles in the family. I was not so keen buying Micromax but then I had this money constraints in this case & with this price tag + feature list there was no other option. I was considering to buy Micromax fire 2 though considering it's beautiful looks but then i loke features of this one more. The phone is fast enough, camera clarity is good enough. & no other issues.
It prove that cheap phones aren't always one who does not meet expectation... It is sometime the case that other branded companies are snatching extra bucks in the name of their brand. Below are pros and cons of the phone: PROS: - Budge phone - Acceptable picture clarity - No lagging - Sturdy build - Indian Brand CONS: - Weak Battery compared to other high end phones Hope my review would be helpful to others
value for money
Very nice phone
Excellent Phone
Awesome working
very nice phone
very nice phone
Nice no problem
Worth for Money
Very good phone
value for money
wonderful phone
Value for money
excellent phone
really good one
Very nice phone
Value for Money
Product is good
Value for money
Very Good one .
Love this phone
I buy with Emi
Its awesone...
Gr8 experience
worth for cost
Great Phone...
I am loving it
It was amazing
Nice...an good
Cheap and best
Good still now
great phone ..
Amazing mobile
ghatiya camera
nice very fast
Value for mony
cheap and best
i love amazone
Awsom Phone...
Do not buy Micromax mobiles as after sales service is really pathetic. I have undergone a horrible experience and till date my dead mobile is with them without any response within gurantee period. Although phone looks good, but phones are not upto the mark and gives hell out of problem when in use. Do not go by the beautiful graphics advertisements and box cover of the models. You will surely regret for buying micromax products.
Superb build quality.. Fantastic performance.. Overall a great product.. Would have given full 5 if not for the heating up while using 3G and quick discharge during 3G. On full throttle use of 3G, battery stands only for less than 4 hrs. (Continuous 3G use). If not using data, battery backup is very good. Will comfortably last for more than 1 day. Overall, a great phone from Micromax. Excellent value for money.
Phone is nice
Its a nice ph
Good and fast
nice phone...
+919418772907
Working good!
mast hai boss
find it nice
Nice phone...
Nice product.
Excellent....
Awesome Phone
Good One.....
Super se upar
superrrrrrrrr
It's so fast.
Nice Product
amazing phone
amazing phone
superab phone
Best product.
Product is OK
awsome phone.
Really good!!
Superb phone…
So far so good!!! Some Problem with Storage!! but we could handle with 32 GB Expandable M. card. Battery back up awesome!! Touch very good!!! cons are only with storage and with headset. Worst headset i ever received!!! It stop working within a one day!! So order another one headset as well!!! still its 4/5 go for it
I have been using this phone for 15 days. It's performance is awesome and have no lag. Just few problems I have faced are: Keyboard stops working rarely, so simply just lock and unlock to solve it. Second touch some times works weird. We touch on a particular place and it effects a little bit lower. Overall This phone is worth buying in this price range!
Exlant phone
good product
Akeel ansari
Good product
Good handset
Super mobile
nice product
nice product
NICE pRODUCT
GOOD PRODUCT
Good Product
good product
Nice product
good product
good product
Good product
Nice Product
Just love it
good product
Good product
Its nice.. .
Good product
Best of best
Exlent phone
Great phone.
Nice Product
Good. Handy.
nice product
nice phone..
Awsome phone
NICE PHNE...
nice product
Good mobile
Its awesome
good mobile
Its useless
Good mobile
Money worth
Super phone
Nice mobile
Good one 
Very nice..
Good mobile
good one...
Gr8 Product
Its so good
Gud product
Good mobile
Hassel free
Good phone.
Nice phone.
Great phone
Great phone
D GooD
Nice Phone.
Nice choice
GENUINE REVIEW FROM SURVEY 1.Great Phone, Looks Great, 2.Fast and Never Hangs or Stucks. 3.GREAT DISPLAY 4.In Budget NEGATIVE: 1.LOW Battery Life, 2.LESS STORAGE FOR APPS. 3.CALL Drops between ongoing calls. 4.INTERNET DISRUPTS SUDDENLY. 5.GETS HOT VERY FAST.
Mobile is good. Camera is drawback to mobile
Good phone
Best phone
Nice phone
nice phone
nice phone
Weryy good
nice phone
nice phone
Good phone
nice phone
Good phone
best mobil
Good phone
Good prod.
Good phone
great deal
Godlike!!!
So bad....
good phone
nice phone
Good phone
nice phone
Nice phone
Nice Phone
Works fine
Good phone
Realy fast
go for it!
Excellent.
Nice phone
good phone
Good phone
nice phone
nice phone
Nice phone
It's okay!
Good phone
it is good
I am 100% satisfied with all products that I bought from Amazon(amazon.in) till now. I choosed this rating because I am happy with product. I liked this product because it was my need. I will recommend this product to all my friends, friends of friends & my family.
mobile is good. display, net connectivity, battery, touch sensitivity is also good but while restarting date was not updated automatically. every time date and time will be re set manually. why this i don't know even thou settings for date & time set as automatic updation active.
This is waste product because 8gb internal memory is not there. its only 0.89gb internal one. Only 2 apps you can install after that you will get phone memory is full better to buy one more mobile phone. Amazon kept blindly in the website it as 8 GB, with out quality check. Yak
good phone in this range... only 1 gb space for downloaded app in which half is full of google apps. micromax's own app is bogus.. sound and loud speaker is little low. touch is okk..fine.. otherwise by processor and android and other all features are d best...
Pretty good phone at this price range
This phone is overheating when connected to internet. The heat is so intense that it could actually cause burns. Plus it hangs sometimes..The photo quality is not best. Though they say it is a 8 MP camera, the quality is not even upto 5 MP of samsung mobile.
Very Good
Not Good.
i love it
Very good
Very good
Cool phne
VERY GOOD
Very good
very good
very good
i like it
Excellent
Very Good
Excellent
very good
ffgjgfjhj
very good
Good Deal
EXCELLENT
excellent
Excellent
Very NIce
very good
i like it
nyc phone
i like it
Thank you
Thank you
Very nice
very nice
Excellent
Excellent
nice deal
it is gud
Very nice
very good
Very nice
very good
Very nice
Excellent
excellent
exalenate
Excellent
very good
very good
Awesome big Screen, best performance .. i have played gta sa, asphalt 8 and many other heavy games no lags buttery smooth, long battery backup :D more than one day and beautiful camera .. I'm 110% satisfied with it .. love you amazon for great delivery
I bought this mobile on Dec 3. I have also attached the invoice or proof. So here's my review: Display Good for this price range. (The colors are much warm) you better be a fan of warm colors for buying this handset. Touch Response: quite good and no delay yet. Camera: The camera part is fine for the price. The images are kind of a sharp with enough light Low light performance is on the down side but acceptable. Overall handling The phone got a 4.7 inch screen which can easily be used single handed. easy for call reception and all. Battery The battery life is average. Will last for a full day if you are an average user. Performance: The performance is quite good.Handles most of the games with ease The android UI is good and smooth. sometime [only in some cases]It lags if you have so many background apps running[but its normal] Conclusion: i would say its an OK handset and a value for money stuff.I bought this for 5.4k (if you can get this at this price then it's a good bargain) Other options are the android one devices.which has a slightly[only a bit] better battery life(and of-course updates). but still i do prefer unite 2. _______________________________________
Really worth for the amount... Good product.. I am happy with this Micromax Unite 2 A 106.. A Good one fro the recommendation...
The product gives you a complete value for money. The only issue with the mobile is its network catching capability which seems lower than its Samsung counterpart. Otherwise its a descent phone which meets all basic requirements of a smartphone.
Lesser device memmory space..only 890mb..due to this i cant install more apps in the phone and also there is no method to transfer the apps in memmory card.. In amazon internal memmory mentioned is 8gb but remind it is only 890mb for apps..
Micromax's answer to Moto E Finally micromax has understood that even budget phones need to have good specs. Now I'm not gonna post specifications of the phone since it is already displayed on the product page. it is jus awesome.......
I got the phone a dayback . as said the pho e is very fast . one thing is it heats up a little while using internet. Otherwise camera .,, touch ,, games and all excellent. Nice look.this phone is a complete package under 6k budget .
Its nice
itz grt!
Good Job
It is ok
good one
its nice
Fine set
it is ok
Good VFM
Awesome!
Good one
Worth it
Perfect.
Good fon
Its Good
good one
NICE ONE
Vry nice
Nice One
Best one
Good one
nice....
nice one
Nice Buy
Good one
good one
i likeit
Very bad
nice one
recomend
Good one
Its good
Its good
When we create wifi hotspot share internet connection then Internet does not work on peer devices. My Xolo Q800 works fine in similar conditions. Flash Transfer also does not work. Returning the phone back.
This phone is available at this time 10:31 PM June 4th but unbelievably, Amazon has not handled it properly. They intend not for public sale so at end it gives "here was an internal error in our system. We logged the problem and will investigate it later. Our apologies for the inconvenience." Shame Amazon Micromax Unite 2 seems to be a good product. I do not know how people start review when it is not available on Amazon.
Battery Backup is very Poor
Camera quality is not at all up to its mark. Its not anywhere near 5 megapixel. One of the inbuilt app hanged my phone completely. Its been 4 days since i am using this phone So that's it.
So good
Average
ok good
Nice!!!
Perfect
Not bad
Awesome
Nice...
nice...
exclent
Nic phn
Satisfy
amazing
Awesome
Its a good model. But my wi-fi not connecting with the mobile. I returned and purchased another model. its working now. Instead of going for cheap mobiles. Go for the Good branded mobiles.
Really awsum phone...value for money...it is actually better in realty than it looks over here. If this is your budget, look no further....This is the phone you should go for..!!!
This mobile earfone is not working properly.... when attending call, caller getting echo so it disturbing the call.... so plesae take care while selecting this mobile..
The delivery was very quick, I got this Micromax Unite 2 A106 mobile phone within 3 days. I liked the Phone. Nice product. Overall happy with this. regards, Ajay
This phone is Value for money... I have just started using.. More review to follow. I ordered and got this phone in 2days. Thanks to SSDN store.
bad battery, wtsup hang problam, when we open wtsup it takes 5 second sometimes, mainly hang problm when we open some apps. i will not sugges to by this.
Its ok
Exlent
Superb
nic ph
Thanks
Cooool
Excellent service. Product is good considering cost & its feature. Browsing Speed low as compare to other model. Camera is really very good.
Awesome mobile .. All heavy games ex ( asphalt 8, modern combat 4, gta 3 .) easily handle .. Very smooth mobile.. ( great Amazon service )
its total reward of the money, in thes range all these features are really great. Also it works like a charm. I love it
it is very good because in this range it is latest and updated because it is very good in this range i like it my friend also
Very Nice phone...If you want to buy a smartphone under 7000 go for it...nice camera at this price...the phone is good for gaming....
Internal memory is less than 500 mb Touch is not so good Problem occurs in wifi driver ,sometime runs and sometime not.
Sharp
ok ok
super
Super
Good.
Vr gd
Good1
Super
Super
Good.
Super
Super
Good.
A very good product from Micromax @ a very good price. Delivery was excellent. No issues found till date and am so happy.
battery backup is too poor. apps hangs every time and 1 gb ram is waste i suggest that dont go for this phone
i got this mobile in problematic condition on speaker and back button option symbol i am very diss appointment
Its getting heated while using phone is there any problem? Not much mad its just good getting less price in amazon
Very bakvas phone All switch are defuced many time switch of in one day all switch are cracked
But for the difference in the claimed camera clarity and actual It's real value for money phone. Gud to own
unfortunely its not 8gb.......hangs a lot ...showing phone memory full as i transfer only some 1 gb data!!
excellent mobile for featuring photo and running whats app in addition to best quality voice communication
Not good. Sim 2 is not proper working. Battery not good want to return plz pickup & payment me rs 6700.
overall good phone. Apps installed on phone memory only and I am unable move to internal SD card.
good
Nice
Good
Good
Nice
Nice
nice
Good
Good
Good
Nice
Nice
Mass
Best
good
Good
Good
good
Good
Fine
Good
Good
good
Good
nice
Nice
Nice
GOOD
nkjn
good
Nice
Nice
Good
Sexo
Nice
good
good
Best
good
Good
Ggud
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
best
best
Nice
Good
Good
good
Good
Nice
good
good
good
Good
Good
Nice
good
good
Nice
Nice
Best
Good
good
good
good
good
good
Nice
nice
good
Good
good
Good
nice
Good
good
Nice
good
Nice
Good
Good
Good
good
good
nice
Good
nice
GOOD
NICE
good
good
GOOD
good
good
Good
Dont like d mobile , its get hanged while calling , even battery is not good , discharge soon
otf not working,phone gets heated up very quickly, dont buy this phone am disappointed.....
Some problem exist with the touch system. And camera also not up to the mark as it claim
Not really as expected. The device gets hanged. Many apps work only on wifi.
When im using it first tym i m going to love it. ^_^ its performance is very fast. Its to gud. Touch is soft smooth n so good. Thank u amazon online shopping. I got it wd in 2 days. so gud delivery.
Its really very good mobile, and it really fulfill my dream compare to cost.
Expected performance but the touch response is not that much. Good phone
Very good product with low price range I also three mobiles of unite 2
Excellent phone at 6k to 7k range.Smooth, fast,camera quality awasom.
Gud
Noo
Gr8
nic
Bad
Gud
Here providing the main issues when I start using Micromax Unite 2 A106. 1. App installation memory is very low 2. Speaker is too arrogance
This is so bad quality feature phone. Never go for micromax.
Its 1 GB Memory Not 8 GB Memory making Fool to Customers
nice & excellent ,worth buying in a limited budget price
many problems,yet for this price you can't expect more.
My phone is dead after charging....please replace it
I think 8GB internal memory not there in this phone
A very good phone......worth money spend!!!!!!!!!!!
Unite 2 is worth for its price. It is a good buy.
its a good product to buy for an average budget.
not worth for money.battery is too bad.......
awsme very happy best for the price
I love it I can say I am the mm user
Its awsome, in lower price best in segment
ok
ok
Ok
OK
ok
Ok
ok
Ok
A!
ok
Ok
ok
Ok
Ok
Its awesome to use. Price is just amazing
best product in indian market under 7000
superb phone except the battery problem
good..we have to see the performance...
Mobile is nice but app storage is less.
I have face lots of problem in it
touch problem otherwise its fine
Previously using Canvas 2 A110 n very satisfied with the performance Decided to buy Micromax Unite 2 A106 after a lot of research on internet Specifications are good but performance not upto the mark for a Quadcore processor with 1gb ram Internal storage for app is app 900mb out of which app 700mb occupied by OS very less space for android market apps u cant download more than 10 apps after that it shows low on storage u cant even update apps keeps on giving low storage error Touch is also not good Watsapp performs with a lag GPRS not works with a 2g sim card whereas in canvas 2 its very very good n fast Performs like a dual core handset with 512mb ram Battery backup is average last only 12hrs after a full recharge on average usage Not at all satisfied with The product Not recommend to buy this handset
Best handset for micromax
phone voice is not clear
Good phone for Rs.6700,
It is a very good product in this range. The best part is that it is having 8 GB ROM (Internal Memory) as 5.21 GB usable. High speed as 1GB RAM and 1.3 GHz Quad core processor. Good display and touch interface. Amazon.in is giving this product at very competitive price and delivered this product in three working days in a safe and good packing. Overall amazing service by amazon.in..
good value for money
I was a first time user and did not want to invest in something expensive. I chose it for the brand micromax, known to have many features in lesser the price. When it arrived, not just me but everyone around me (who already owned smartphones of big brands) liked it. Very good looking, sleek, and just fine. No complaints. I think its the best one can get in this price.
good process mobile
touch was not good
I Like it!!!!!!!!!
touch is not good
Perfect Product
very best phone
it good to use
SOME HOW GOOD
Jus Awesome..
nice mobile
Its so nice
Its awsome
Nice Phone
Decent one
Horrible will not recommend to anyone. Cant run whats app, facebook or any other such sites as the allocated memory is so low & cannot move to SD card.
just after one month of buying phone i have to get it software update and after giving at service center they are just extending days of retun
Very Good
Its good.
Nobody can beat amazon,amazon products are very good don't be scare to purchase.this purchased for my friend he also very happy to use...
amazing!
Nice one
Average
Not bad
Please don't buy..worst phone!! After sale service of Micromax is disgusting!!
nice
Useless micromax. Can never be equal to Samsung.
