B00K3KEU6C
Its awesome phone, very good sound quality, good display, gaming performance is very well.. Buy it guys..
GOT IT DELIVERED WITHIN 60 HOURS AS PROMISED AND GOT THE BEST OFFER AVAILABLE WITH OTHER LEADING ONLINE STORES.ITS MY 3rd PHONE FROM MICROMAX WITHIN 10 MONTHS AND LIKE OTHER TWO THIS ONE IS AWESOME AS WELL. PROS: >THE PHONE HAS INBUILT 8GB ROM WITH KITKAT4.4 WHICH IS NOT MENTIONED OVER THE WEBPAGE. >IT HAS BLINKING LIGHT SYSTEM WHICH BLINKS WHEN CHARGING OR FOR ANY NOTIFICATIONS. >EXCELLENT CAMERA QUALITY,NOT SUCH QUALITY WAS EXPECTED FROM MICROMAX CONS: >AS SAID EARLIER BATTERY DRAINS QUICKLY. >EARPHONE IS NOT GOOD i.e ITS LIKE ANY OTHER ROUND EARPHONE NOT WITH BUD AND NOISE CANCELLATION ,EAR STARTS PAINING AFTER CONTINUOUS USAGE. >NO SCREEN GUARD PROVIDED LIKE ALL OTHER MICROMAX PHONES. OVERALL THE PHONE IS GOOD,I LOVE THIS PHONE.
I bought this one after extensive comparison and reviewing on various sites, friends and shops. I am fully satisfied. Speed : Pretty good RAM : 1 gb is quite good / wish there was a way to increase it. Interface : Pretty smooth and quick. Net Speed : Mumbai Vodafone 3G - ran like a blaze. Storage : 8gb is pretty good - I added 16 gb - Class 10 SD Card - no problem at all. Camera : Great and *VERY* quick -= very good quality. Flash : A bit weak - but not complaining Game : Not much of a gamer but NFS and Spiderman runs without any lag. Only bit of a let down is battery 2000 mAh- if it was 3000 mAh - this would have beaten crap out of competition. Beats 9000-20000 range Samsung and likes - any day.
Value for money product... I have been using this phone for about 3 weeks.... Overall i am very much satisfied with this device ...the custom user interface they have provided is very good...the only problem is that it just uses so much of ram... Camera is also good ... it takes good pictures in daylight ...OTG support is a great feature of this device.... The headphones they have provided is also good and sound quality both in a call and for music listening is above average...the HD display of this phone is great and it has great viewing angles... It has 1080p video recording and its plays full HD videos without any glitch.. It also supports very high end games and render all the details.. A small problem about this device is it takes about 5 hours to get fully charged but battery last for about 30 hours of average use...
Hi, well done Amazon.... here is my honest feedback, m writing till after using it for 2 days, Delivery:- I ordered this micromax colours a120, on 22nd night and i got the delivery on 24th Afternoon.... wow... very nice thanks to amazon and seller (Gadgets Guru). Product:- All user on Amazon has dobut on this - Andriod version... It is coming with 4.4.2 with 8 GB rom mentioned in notes of seller gadgets guru, although the price is higher than the lowest i ordered from this seller only because of this. I also want to thank Micromax on this product at this cost. I was using Canvas 2 earlier sold it and decided to buy this , believe me its awesome:- Pros:- 1 GB RAM (User Available 510MB at least, good for kitkat version), for apps 8 GB ROM (5.6 GB at least, very good), for pics and videos... Andriod Version 4.4.2, good at this cost. 8MP Camera, believe me it will not disappoint you either, i fact its far better and my Canvas 2, Shutter speed, picture quality all are good. 5 Inch HD Display Many more options and features. some people are constantly commenting on Battery problem, If you are first time andriod user you are definetly feel so, not only in this mobile but all mobile. Please go to google and search for different options to save battery. till today it has not heated up at all. Headphone till today i have not got chance to use it so will revise by experience afterwards, Some feedback showing Micromax inbuilt app not working, yes it is not working initially , i tried 2-3 times , you have to update it, in 2-3 attempt it will start. Cons:- 1. White color back panel will get dirty very soon, i have to buy flip cover for the same/ switch on other panels. 2. for 5inch HD screen MMX could have atleast given 2200 mah battery for more better user experience. 3. No Facebook app in defalt app, it was not expected frm MMX. 4. many non-usefull preloaded app in phone. 5. none of the pre-loaded app is up to date , to use it your have to download the latest version. 6. As always no good game pre-loaded in mobile, all games are of no use. Verdict:- Go for the latest version in this stunning mobile. hope this review is helpful....
I have been using this phone for 2 weeks now. Its a wonderful device.Everything is amazing.The camera quality,the gaming experience,the video play. The call quality is also very nice.The major cons has to be the battery. It drains out very quickly. Maybe its happening because the battery is new. Apart from that everything else is very good. So if you are a moderate user and want a under 10k phone, this is a very nice phone to have. Plus just wanted to say amazon has a great service. Ordered two products and they both came before time. just in time for diwali presents.!!!!!!! well done amazon!!!!
Good Value for your money - 1.3 GHz MT6582 Quad Core Processor - 1 GB RAM - 5 Inch HD IPS Touchscreen Display - Dual SIM - 8 MP Rear Camera With LED Flash - 2 MP Front Camera - 3G - WiFi - Bluetooth - FM Radio - 2000 MAh Battery. - Free two Additional color Back covers
I ordered for Micromax Canvas 2 Colours A120 and I charged mobile as per guide instructions for 4hours for the first time. The battery is not working properly, it takes more than 3hours to fully charge and it dont even works for 3hours, kindly provide me an extra battery new one or atleast replace it. Ready to re rate if i get new battery or a replacement. Will wait till midnight of 17th April else on 19th I will return the Mobile.
This phone is best in this price range It can play most hd games without any lags No lag whatsoever App and app data are movable to sd card so there should b no problem for those people who are complaining of low internal memory Camera also take decent shots Only little problem is battery backup which is only 3hrs of heavy usage At last phone is best in its price range.Better than any other branded phone
This phone is a perfect competetor to Galaxy grand 2 as per specifications but price is equal to s duos2, This mobile is having hd screen and the camera captures Full HD 1080p videos ( in online websites , & Micromax official website they are mentioned as 720p but it is recording 1080p 3gp format videos). This mobile also supporting 21languages . It has a 8mp camera, The image quality is nice and HDR image quality is awsome. Build quality of the mobile is very nice..Even the extra covers provided also very nice mat finish quality. This is the best mobile with full facilities and very low price.
display is excellent, 8 Mp camera is much much better that 5 Mp of other models and 2000 rating battery is nothing to worry about, it is reasonably sufficient.
Excellent mobile , have everything including a quality camera, Good display, kitkat, 8gb rom, 1gb ram, descent battary and all in a very reasonable price. 2 Extra Color back panels fulfilling its name. If u r having vodafone than put in this and u will get 500 Mb data every month for 2 Months. Better go for mmx than chinese mobiles. It has service centres in almost each city.
Hey All, First I wanted to thanx MMX for this great phone in this range. I have been using this phone since last 8 month and got a very good exp with it. 1. Greatness about the phone is its processor...Believe me I don't have any memory when I had to switch off my phone due to hung. 2. I used to play almost all kind of game in the phone without any lag or hung issue (or game not responding s***). 3. Camera, Wow!! you will experience a very sensible quality while using camera in day time (If you are comparing its 8mp to any 8mp phone which cost INR 30000+ then probably you are a dumb) but in dark it is just average. 4. Display is the second best feature in A120 after its processor. You can enjoy 1080p with ultra high quality IPS display. 5. Look wise it is very rich and I like this very much. It doesn't look like it worth only 9000(When I purchased). Also it is more thin (If you didn't use Galaxy S4 kind of phone). 6. A phone by Indian company with better specification. (Don't cry it made in China even I-Phone also now made in China) As nothing is perfect so here are negative points of phone 1. Battery goes sucked up faster in comparison of other phones if you are playing game or surfing the net, but if phone is on ideal mode even with data pack on and with full brightness it will stand with u till about one and half days. 2. Memory is 1GB that's ok but with time you will feel that this is very low as you could use only 500MB while its max memory is full with OS only. 3. Got heat up when you are playing high resolution game and charging at same time for more than 2 hours. But that's ok as all phone have same problem Overall I will prefer this instead of spending 30000 on the other phone with this kind of processor and gaming experience. Specially when you get its fantastic looks in your hand. A thumbs up for MMX
This is my first budget android phone... used many high end phone but wanted a second backup phone so bought this awesome phone .first off this is an honest review i love most of this phone and hate some so i start with what i love......first thing i noticed is the box its fancy and a gr8 budget mobile box and its sturdy anough to protect the mobile while its in transist.. and right after unboxing what you'll get is ear phone 2 swapable punchy coloured back covers.i got yellow and blue back covers they enhganced the look of this mobile i prefer the yellow one over blue one..... and you get ther charger and a USB Cable and with manuals....right after i got his phone in my hands its felt like a budgetly premium smartphone the build is seriously sturdy solid awesome at this price tag its made of plastic but you'll never be reminded of that this phone is made up of plastic. and coming to display it the BEST colours look punchy detailed and vivid and viewing angles are great. and 294ppi makes this display sharp you'll never a pixel untill you stick your eyes to the display. OTG IS SUPPORTED and camera is 8mp snapper at rear and 2mp at front,..... and 8mp snapper with led flash gives crisp images and colour reproduction is good but nor gr8 and i love the camera app. and performance is gr8 no lags are experienced on UI and ran some heavy games on medium settings they ran fine without hiccups on medium settings..and there's a bit overheating but its bearable its not chip burningly heated....and batter dropped 100% to 70% in 40 mins of asphalt 6 and some video with full brightness. and coming to the things which i hate is firstly is its UI its ultra childish and ugly as hell never seen a UI like this really the UI sucksss so i installed the nova launcher and the ui is so awesome now and its lag free so i recommend to install a custom launcher..and another thing i hate is there's a gap between display and eargrill it catches lot of dust and should be cleaned everyday with a sharp peice of paper and ear grill will get loose if u wipe the with cloth screen too hard thats what happened to me. and theres a led a light in ear grill which is good but it looks like cheap quality one when its lit up. and the battery life suckssss its gives 2 hours of onscreen time on heavy usage with birghtness cranked to 100%. so overall this a gr8 smartphone with some compromises i recommend anyone to buy phone...you'll surely love this beast and you'll surely hate the battery backup
I recently purchased this phone and i would like to share my user experience. Regarding specs its all said and known however this new model comes with android kikkat 4.4 and 8 gb rom which is a good improvement from earlier version of this mobile. First of all the display and touch is very good while the camera is very good outdoor the indoor pic is not upto the mark. But still at this price we wont get samsung or sony camera. The battery life is average like most of the smartphone and with only 2000 mah we dont expect much. It also comes with three additional back panel cover. Now coming to the cons the speaker sound quality is average but good while using a good earphone. The earphone given in the box is ordinary. Having said that the clearity of voice and network availability is good and it is one of the best mobile with low budget and mid range specs. So i recommend all to purchase it. Lastly i would like to thank Amazon for their prompt service even flipkart fall short in this matter. Thanks once again.
Best surprise was FULL HD i.e 1080 recording of video, which was not mentioned in features list. That apart, looks are good, camera,RAM,storage, processor speed- worth more than what i paid for. Drawbacks are its weight-480grams; pulls on my shirt when i keep it in shirt pocket. Also crapware cant be uninstalled. I could root the phone with instructions from http://androidxda.com/root-micromax-a120-canvas-2-colors. Overall excellent buy !!
About Amazon : My product was delivered in just 3 days. About Micromax Canvas 2 Colours : I'm totally satisfied with the product. This is one of the best android phones in this price range. I also get two additional back panels free with this of Red and Green colours which makes the phone very attractive. Pros : 1. Premium Design : 5 inch Display, Rubbery back panel, made for two hand operation as it is slightly wide. 2. Reputed brand : Now Micromax is the Ranked # 1 mobile manufacturing company of India. 3. Processor : It has a quad core processor which handles all types of applications without any lag. 4. Capactive Touch : Very good touch screen sensitivity (5 point multi-touch). 5. IPS Panel :Very wide viewing angles. 6. HD display : 720 x 1280 Pixels. 7. RAM : 1 GB. User available is 847 MB. 8. ROM : 8 GB. User available is 4.99 GB. 9. Android Version : Out of the box it has Android 4.4.2 Kitkat. 10. Camera : Very good back camera. Its best in class of 8 megapixels. Front is 2 megapixels and it is ok. 11. No Heating : There is no heating issues in this device. Maximum temperature I observed is 44 degree celcius. 12. Gaming : All high graphic games are playable without heating and no lag. I've tried Dead trigger 2, Nova 3, Frontline commando D-day, Asphalt 8, Asphalt overdrive, Temple run 2, Temple run oz, Temple run brave, Subway Surfer, etc. all works fine. Cons: Only one downside of this phone is that it has just 0.89 GB of internal memory for app installation. Some part of apps and app data are movable to external sd card. Conclusion : In kitkat ART mode(Android Run Time) is also there which makes loading of apps very quick and switching between apps very fluid. So, I believe that it is really awesome device and I am enjoying a lot with this device.
Hi, well done amazon...I ordered this mobile for one day delivery and I received it at right time thanks to seller(GadgetDirect). The phone looks good in all aspect and the best part is camera quality it looks great, I have never seen such camera quality in this price range from other manufactures. I have also got two additional colour back covers. The battery life is average like other android mobile and we should not expect much from 2000mah battery, sound quality is average but using good earphone its very good, the earphone given in the box is ordinary. This is one of the best mobile with low budget and mid range specs. So I recommend all to buy it. Lastly I would like to thanks amazon for their prompt service even other online seller fall short in this matter. Thanks one again
Its a very good phone. Outstanding features this price and the look is awesome. But the real problem is the battery. You have to charge twice a day if you use net and make calls frequently. Pros: 1. Look obviously and 2 back covers included in the box. So change the back cover the phone will look like a new one. 2. KITKAT 4.4.2 and 8GB Rom. 3. 1 GB RAM. Still there is no lag in operation. 4. 5' HD display. 5. Sound quality and call clarity is good. Cons: 1. as said earlier the battery. 2. phone sometimes getting heated buts that is tolerable. I would recommend the phone as because at this price ( I got it at 7,089 with 10% cash back offer) you will never find anything better.
My phone is not working properly.I am not able to hear any calls incoming as well as outgoing calls.Today on 8th day of purchase the phone has developed this defect so i want immediate replacement of this product or else i would wish to return the product
I ordered for micromax canvas 2 color has been delivered today but i got this with 4gb Rom and android 4.2 jelee bean whereas some buyers got same with 8gb Rom and kitkat verson i was delivered old model of may 2014 i realy got dissapointed.
i received this from amazon in next day delivery . So for used for a month Pros: Camera No Hangs Display Cons: Disappointed with the space issue .The biggest problem is the Phone memory , i cant able to install more apps. Often it ends upon low memory, so i want to uninstall other apps .The Phone memory is nearly 900mb in which most of space is used by os and micromax inbuilt apps.(If they have made the Phone Memory as 6.2 gb then this would have been great . They have maintained internal SD card(5.28 Gb) separately) Signal Problem . (We Cant able to set GSM mode manually.If they fix this then there wont any problem)
I got the mobile with latest android kitkat version. Most of the reviews I found that telling poor battery back up but It's coming two full days for me with Airtel network and if I use Idea it drains quickly in one day, Battery back up is fully depends on which network we are using. Performance wise I don't find any lagging and games are also very smooth. the only disappointment is internal memory. Its basically 8GB but you can use hardly 300mb for apps rest is kept for media files and inbuilt apps. Amazon is superb as I got this mobile for just Rs.6400 and got 10% cash back from my credit card. We won't get better deal in any where except amazon
Well all the mentioned features are true as said.. 8gb internal, 1gb ram, 8mp af, 2mp secondary, 5" 294ppi performance is pretty good. 10-14 apps can be seen working in background through the recent app button. camera is very good in this price the best phone con- the memory is divided into 3 parts i.e. phone memory, internal sd & external sd. Apps on installation goes only into internal phone memory which is 1gb so very limited for installing apps but the apps can be moved to external sd, so a little relief. Suggestion- if you have limited apps to use then go for it.. else go for moto e
This phone is really amazing at specs, and performance and specially at given diwali price (only 7000 bucks). The screen clarity is amazing, camera is also very good both front and back but the real struggle is the battery. It is powerful and you love to play game or surf net but It drains of so fast that it needs to be charged twice a day if you play games (even for 1 hour) or keep the data transfer on or wifi on. Micromax needs to work at better bettery performance. if micromax can work at battery life like Lenovo/ nokia, this product will be no.1 and can beat Xiomi, Samsung or any other chinese phone any day.
using this mobile for 8 Months. Here r some pros & Cons. PROS: 5" display gives royal look 8MP primary camera beats anything. it never hangs thanks to quadcore processor. HD videos can be watched without hesitation. Cons: 1) battery drains 1% In every 3 minutes standby time is good 2) have to cleanup the cache frequently orelse it wont allow you to install anything. 3) secondary camera is a nightmare dont use it comment: Best smart phone have to charge in 8 Hours. But the specifications are unbeatable. GO FOR IT with regards, Dhaya
Phone is good bt not excellent. Camera quality n video quality is very good. Price is reasonable. There are some issues with this. Memory for apps is low(.89gb), Even though it has internal memory 8gb. One more drawback is downloading problem.. either audio r video from web. When i press for download it shows play option. Earlier i used canvas hd in this no such problem. Phone is little slower. I bought it from amazon. Delivered in time.
Battery backup is very bad.Also app storage space is very less. Except the fact that it has an affordable price tag with other few good features, I wouldnt suggest this phone to anyone.
Very nice phone ,All latest features available in it ,Good camera nice pictures,User friendly try to purchase the latest version kitkat with 8gb rom and 1gb ram, Screen guard is provided by micromax ,it would have got 5 out of 5 if micromax had provided the flip cover ,,To get original flip cover in a fairly good price is next to impossible ,All duplicate flip covers available on line Only after you receive the package you realize the covers are duplicate.and not up to the mark.request micromax to supply at least one original flip cover with their phone.
Hello guys.. :) I had ordered this phone a week ago.. and I recieved it on my b'day..!!! And yes, it is an awesome phone.. with all requirements. The best part is, it has got 8GB ROM and 4.4 kitkat OS..!!! which was not mentioned in specificatins..which made me extremely happy!! :) The additional coloured panels are flawless, very funky.. SUITS EVERYONE ;) AMAZON's service was good.. Happy to be it's customer :) Over all.. a very good phone ,within the budget.. I would prefer anyone to go for it!! MICROMAX- nothing like anything!! :)
Dis is da best android fone i ever used . it has many pros n very few cons . sum r listed below. Pros Big screen hd entertainment Super fast with quad core cpu mali400 gpu n blazing fast 1 gb ram (gamezz like temple run n subway surf play very well) Classy back panels. Colours r good wid matte finish Camera quality both front n back r crystal clear Superb battery life Cons Only 0.99 gb to install apps Overheating Less free ram Overall very gooood fone at dis price point.
Screen glass quality is worst... Guys please be careful with drooping of phone..... With in a month of purchase it dropped by distance of 1-1.5 feet only and its screen got damaged....It took almost 20 days to replace screen at authorized service center of Micromax Again in next week it happen the same....it got dropped by distance of 1-1.5 feet and screen got damaged....Now its too much frustrating....again you have to go through the repair cycle of 20 days and cost of screen of Rs. 1400
I really liked the phone amazing touch it works really fast no heating or hanging problems!! display is too good front camera is really good in day light and the product was deleivered with in 24 hrs but i would suggest to go for a COD option then the delivery more quick I have ordered two other products making payment in advance and there a was a delay in delivery!! Pros Display speed Touch Cons battery life Camera is good only during the day light call quality
I am using it for about 5 days & I am totally satisfied. Had initial doubts about the configuration, my item was packed in January' 15, and it had 1) Android 4.4.2 2) ROM = 8 gb 3) had a screen guard for free + 2 extra back panel. there is an issue about the ROM support. we can go to File Manager --> Internal SD card ( cut the items that is to be removed) ---> external SD card ( paste here) If any one knows any other better way then pls share it.
i mean wow..!! this is superb..!! 1 gb ram 8gb rom with android kitkat this is the best phone at this price..!! but one thing is really dissapoint me is only 0.89 gb is available for apps :( except this battery drain like water >_< otherwise phone is awesome 5 inch screen camera is decent no hanging problem but it heated while charging its not big issue..!! if u dont need many apps then u must go for it..!!
Nice 5" display.. Very very good rear camera, front camera is also good. Found 2 back replacement panel within the box. RAM management is also okay. You can play basic and mid-range games for a long time.. There is no major heating problem.. But, the internal memory is very low. only 1gb. There's a partition in the internal memory 1+7=8gb. After installing 20/25 apps you'll notified about internal memory running out of space.. and this very annoying. But you can move some apps to the external SD card. Yet, you will must facing low internal storage issues if you are a heavy user. Micromax has tweak the UI. Looks very cheap. That's why using 3rd party launcher. There's many bloatware too.. Battery is average. If you are a normal user then it can last a day easily.. But if you love to always explore your mobile then you must have carry a powerbank.
Best phone I ever purchase. Awesome camera quality. Sound quality is also good. Now I take all photos from this phone instead of digital camera.
Micromax Canvas 2 Colors A120 is good mobile with a good hardware configuration. Despite all the features, it still lacks a few punch. Pros: Great Camera (8 MP) Good hardware specs - 1.3 Quadcore CPU and 1 GB RAM Cons: Mediocre build quality Flash is not strong 8GB internal memory is split between 3 gb ROM and 5 gb internal SD Card Remarks: A good product with some flaws in design and build
Hi guyz.., i am posting my review. First of all i thank to Amazon for making the fastest delivery(2days), And regarding the canvas 2 Colours, its an amazing smartphone available under the budget price tag.., truely excellent,simply superb... Its better than Moto g2 ,,, In my usage., smooth performance.., lag free gaming in even high end games.. If u want to buy a phone under 10k .., u can buy this amazing smartphone., Thankz guyzz...
awesome smart phone at this price..so much satisfied with the mobile processor speed provided by micromax and the product shipping speed by amazon..but the profile pic of this mobile in amazon and videos on the net seems the display is dull and piece is like an old model but...when it is in my hand iam surprised because its just like an iphone with the white back pannel..n the disply is soo tempting to see the H.D videos n to play games..
Micromax Canvas 2 colors [white] is a very good smartphone.I bought it before a month. A very good looking and sturdy phone. This phone is good for: - Camera- Amazing pictures (8 MP) for this price and Video player is good and has new features. - Music- Good quality output, speakers are really good. RAM of 1GB & quadcore processor, Screen size, Excellent display at this price range with a 1280*720 HD pixel density of 320 gms and touchscreen is butter smooth with no lags , durable battery, Both SIM supports 3G.and has USB OTG support. Overall stylish look in reachable budget...Value for money Notification Light (inside the earpiece grill). It glows red or green depending upon the type of notification. I got my mobile before the delivery date...... hats-off 2 amazon.in for good service!!!!!!!
Phone appears to be good value for money, going by its specs but soon I found that it has only less than 1 GB phone memory where all the apps are stores. I got the new model phone with 8 GB internal memory, but when I tried to update some apps I got this message: "insufficient memory". I am still not able to move or shift any apps to internal memory which has about 5GB usable space. Battery is very poor. Camera is also not upto the mark.
The canvas 2 colours phone is really a good phone but two things i didnt liked are: 1) Phone is much heavy. 2) The material of the body is not too good because it becomes dirty (ballpoint pens marks) and for house wives not at all good, because at the time in kitchen, the hands are not good...i mean they are full of oily or something ...so that marks are not removed...so there should be a metal body.....and dirt proof.
After a lot of research I purchased this phone and It turned out to be a great buy for this price. Pros: Camera is pretty good- both front and back. Touch response is good. Battery life is decent. Looks really good. Cons: The screen is large, so phone cannot be used with one hand. Location service is not that responsive, sometimes gets stuck and keeps showing older location.
Its a very nice phone. Nearly a year now. All high end games work on this phone. But phone storage is low so you have to root phone.
Excellent product and amazing service !
Handset is not good wen i start using internet r play a game r watch a video the phone ll automatically get heated in top part
Bought this phone for sister. Working good. It's a great phone considering it's price point. Colour back covers that comes with phone makes it even more great. Value for money. Abt Amazon: I got the product much delayed though I opted for 1 day delivery option. However they resolved the issue by refunding 99Rs charged for 1 day delivery, still somewhat dissatisfied with the time taken for delivery.
Unfortunately the mobile had to be sent to service centre since only with a week of its use, the same could not be switched on. Apparently there was some internal problem. The camera quality is not good, inspite of there been 8MP rear camera.The image breaks if one try to enlarge the same.Further, the keys at the bottom of the handset have to be pressed very hard.The sensor is really very poor!!!
pros: colors resolution performance is Ok Cons: camera (u always end up getting blurred pics and Moto E's 5MP is better than this 8MP) limited storage for installing apps:0.89GB (after installing 10-20 apps u will get insufficient storage space error, and u will get irritated as not all apps can be moved to external sd card) 8.6k is too much for it
A very good phone for the price you pay for it. The only backdrop and the main reason I returned the phone to the seller is its storage capacity for apps. The phone only has a 0.82gb space to store apps, which was used up just by 3-4 apps like whatsapp, fb etc.. There are a few apps that can be moved onto the external SD, but not all apps can be moved, hence not enough space for all your apps.
Exceeded my expectation, very good value for money, has two cameras front and rear with very good resolution. WiFi and Bluetooth connectivity is very good, so is GSM 3G connectivity. Worked very nicely as a hot spot with a 3G data card. I added a 32 GB Micro SD card but since not all the apps are movable, I wish the phone had more RAM than 1 GB which is too low for today's usage pattern.
I received this Mobile 2 hours ago. and i really shocked about the camera quality. it is only 8 MP camera, but the quality is really great. I have another micromax A210 mobile, compare to this Micromax A120 have better camera. A210 have 13 MP camera and A120 have 8 MP camera. but A120 camera is really really great. Best Mobile for Best Price. I really love the camera of this phone.
The touch pad of phone is not working.. Nd the battery is draining so fast.. I guess it's not an original product..
Its showing 8mp camera but the camera is like 2mp..very worst flash light..micromax is making us fool by showing 1gb ram.u will get only 400-500mb ram and the rest is used by its internal apps.. processor is good.all games are running lag free.display is also good.. This was my first micromax mobile..and i understood that SAMSUNG IS SAMSUNG and micromax is micromax.
RECENTLY PURCHASED MICROMAX CANVAS 2 COLOURS A120...PRODUCT SEEMS TO BE GOOD WITH THIS PRICE RANGE. PERFORMANCE IS GOOD OTHER THAN WIFI CONNECTIVITY...NEED TO REBOOT EVERY TIME TO CONNECT WIFI..IS THERE ANY SOLUTION TO AVOID REBOOT EVERY NOW AND THEN...HAPPY THAT AMAZON DELIVERED THE PRODUCT AS COMMITTED.WILL CONTINUE TO SHOP FROM AMAZON IF GOOD OFFERS COME MY WAY.THANKS
after 1 month i am writing this review.Fully satisfied but my half of my backlight on my keypad is exhibiting variation but i dont care because at 7400 it is more than enough with gud luks gud performnce internet on 2g is fast gud screen i am getting charge more than 1 day with moderate use i love it and i love amazon 2 super fast delivery Just in1.5 days keep it up amazon
I have had this product for a month and it seems to work well for me. However I do not use it for games but for documents mainly. Its battery life may be 60h on average use. The screen responds well and fast. The rear camera does stick put a bit and may get damaged more easily than other designs. The photos were good though the flash does not come on automatically always.
If You Are looking fir a quality gaming as well as photography phone dont think much just go for it. Daylight pictures are amazing and i was even surprised to see the low light imaging this phone has everything u need. If u find low ram availability. Upgrade to kitkat around 600-700 mb is free gaming is amazing no lags at all . but in nova 3 there is a little frame delay
worst service of micromax Service center they not solve properly my mobile problem and mobile have no quality...
Got it well packed & Sealed. It was 8 GB ROM and Android KIT KAT The Display is excellent & the 2 extra back cover in the box is additional benefit Camera is excellent both the rear & front Touch is very smooth Size of screen is optimum according the the current need Only thigh lacking is that processing is a bit slow, don't know why?
This was more than expected. Simply superb. I have presented this to my spouse and she was very happy. Greatone
Using this phone since 20 days(21st Oct 2014). Build is very good. Very handy & slim. Supports external memory upto 32GB. Performs good. Comes with 1 GB ROM & Android KITKAT. But very less memory partitioned for installation of Apps i.e. 1GB only. It is very difficult to install apps as you need, because after installation of hardly 10-15 apps, it runs out of internal memory & alerts memory low & suggests to remove apps. Almost all the pre-installed apps consumes all the memory limit of 1 GB. For ex. Chrome consumes 80MB, Google play 63MB, GMail 35MB, Hangouts 32MB, Clean Master 26MB, Maps 22MB Drive 22MB. Disabled a lot of preinstalled apps. Just installed only 10-12 apps i.e. Office, Whatsapp, Quickheal, Viber, etc., out of which almost all apps moved to SD card. still there is no more memory to install new apps. A good budget phone for normal use. At last Android OS is not good as it has limitation on App installation Memory.
value for money. awesome screen display, a bit heavy though. camera quality (both rear and front) is best in class. everything is perfect except the absence of expandable memory. Some times phone speaker has some issues and one cant hear the voice of other person while calling.overall a very good, performing phone with rich features that too in affordable prices.
liked it its working well and with this price range its worth to buy it,i had sony experia L for 17200 and sold it after few months comparing it with A120 the pic quality sound voice clarity and more it support Otg which is and added feature with this price range, i say go for it at Amazon. And one more how can we claim the warrenty period nothing was mentioned.
nice product and super speed delivery. Screen size 5" seems a bit bigger but image/color quality is good
Superb fone in this budget great display.camera sound quality. Battery also good N0 CONFUSION JUST PURCHASE
At a glance it seems very good but problems like low device memory are common. I dint experience mobile hang, but N/W fluctuations were there.Better not to buy Micromax. Micromax service are really very bad, My Motherboard was burnt by just charging my mobile with some other charger and i have to pay 5000 bucks with really bad service centres.
I have brought a Micromax canvas 2 colours white . I have seen many review of 5stars and in fact of 1star also. So there was a doubt. But after buying I want to tell that it is the best for the money. Containing each and every feature. Here it is told that some features are low, but is wrong. You can believe blindly on it. From Saghnik Majumder.
GOOD PHONE FOR LESS PERICE. 1 GB RAM WITH QUAD CORE. BUT NEED TO BE IMPROVE IN BATTERY WITH MORE POWER.
Bang for Buck...!!!!!!!! The inbuilt UI is a pain..........but it works just awesome with TSF or Go Launcher........ except for the battery .........it just serve the purpose..........be it fluidity, speed, display, gaming, sound.....almost everything! U can always opt for a 3000 mah battery to replace the inbuilt 2000 mah one!!!
The phone was superb.Amazon has delivered before the date they have said,packaging was superb. No lag at any time.Good gaming experience.Camera also descent.Its screen brightness super even low. The -ve one is heating problem and the stupid battery backup. Overall the phone was fantastic except of battery and heating problem
everything is perfect about this phone and i am happy with it.... i deducted 1 star only because of below average battery backup... I think it will be solved on 4.4 kitkat update....... camera is pretty good for the price.... games do not lag but high graphics games like the dark knight rises do lag a bit.... display is just fantastic...
To be frank I was a little tensed before placing order but after using the handset for around 6 months I can proudly say that I have made right decision. It's the best phone in this price range. 100% recommended. Again, I can say about the delivery .... it was really fast... I got my handset within 3 days. A nice experience.
Mobile is quite good in features. But it would have been a lot more better if camera was having more features like Samsung galaxy. But overall i m quite satisfied with my decision till now. Product is good according to price as i m also using Samsung galaxy Grand 2. Almost all basic features are same in both.Good job done.
I find everything that i wanted in this phone :) Some people compained about battery but i think it's OK. Just only the user memory allocation could be better. We get upto 1 GB out of 8 GB. Videos are real HD, best like my sony camera (Full HD) Touch is OK. With this price, this could be the best phone.
most of the features are good but front camera has stopped working after two days only. it has few service centres and that too woork in office times of 10 to 6 on weekdays . it is very difficult to get it repaired. micromax should focus on proper testing of products and services if it has to survive in this competitive market.
I bought this mobile. Looks sooo niceee. Battery back is fine. Camera also fine but not looks like 8MP quality campare with samsung. So for so good.. you can go for it. Plz dont bye this (HQ Antiglare Matte Screen Guard Scratch Guard Protector For Micromax A120) Screen guard for this mobile, its not correct size.
Simply Bakwas, don't buy Micromax handset. This handset after Three Month not detected/connecting to 3G working only in 2G network. Another story regarding A111 (doodle) . This time when I am writing this, my Handset is with micromax since 06Dec2014 and this is the second time I submitted due multiple issues (This is replacement of my Original A111). Please don't buy just because of low/less price.
Nice phone....it's only pros is battery backup is average...nice camera,heavy gaming suppprts..
Overall good phone. Camera better then grand. Good processor n everything, handling multiple tasks n good graphics. But but but. THE BATTERY drains quickly that's the only disadvantage. But if u don't use it won't drain On standby.I'd say just go for it. I was so fed up of Samsung grand hanging again n again.now m happy.
The phone looks good. But heats up after 15 minutes work. Also the battery drains away very fast. Last but not the least though back camera is ok type, the front camera is very very bad. Did not expected this things at a price rate like this. In this price one can get Moto E (Gen2) which don't have this problems.
You can't more than 2 apps because micromax itself will occupy 7 gbs. and you need SD card to move apps. Apps like facebook, twitter cannot be used since it cannot be moved. I bough this phone 5 months back, now it is not getting charge and i'm roaming for service centre where there is no proper response :( :( :(
good mobile heats up fast while using applications battery not enough good to buy
i bought mmx cnvas coors lat week. I got the pack filled with kitkat OS, 8 GB ROM.etc. Everything is ok except battery. If mmx could replce battery from 2000 Mah to 3000, It will be a great fone. Thanks amazon for providing this deal just 8k. Also pls take care of the quality of the packing when deliver.
Problem with screen and returned back to Amazon. Response for returns was amazing.
nice product. value for money. Front camera is good for selfies. Battery is also good.
My budget of buying a smart phone was for Rs.12,000. And i found this phone for Rs.8,500 (actual cost Rs.11,500) in Amazon. Why wait i just ordered. Its good to use and doesn't slow down while running apps and i like the extra two panels (red &green). Im sure to recommend this phone to my friends.
The draw back is Battery back up is very low. Besides this, there is no provision to show the missed calls and messages received. Last month I had bought a Doodle 3 A 102. In that hand set this provision was given. On the screen itself number of missed calls and messages were shown on the icon.
Phone is good except for the battery. The battery gets drained at super fast rate once data connectivity is ON. If you are fond of facebook, whattsup, Twitter or any application which needs internet connection, don't go for this phone. Within 45 minustes your phone will get totally drained out.
i am using this phone from last 8 months,didn't found any lag or prob.works really good.one of the best from micromax.display is awesome full HD.camera is not soo good in night and low lights,but really takes nice pictures at day.battery lasts for 20 hours with good usage.highly recommended.
1.Excellent phone in point of all aspects like camera, display resolution, Speed,Videos viewing. 2.Best phone in affordable price range 3.The battery backup is also good. 4.The only one negative thing is phone storage for apps is less.Except this, all other features are good.
Best Mt6582 phone to buy between 7-8k, many people complain about battery but it will give you 4hrs screen on time which lasts full day for normal users, for advanced root users, we have many custom roms by me, search "Cleankat" and "DarkL" on google if you are intrested...
Excellent phone.Value for money ! With 8 K a very good featured phone.Using since a month & very good performance.Insted of going for branded phone,it's really wise to go for this brand.All most many features are bundled in this model.Excellant clarity of images & Video. A bit bulky !
Really Amazing Phone At this Price ... till now no lag or hang ... phn is awsm....
I ve ordered 2 phones among which 1 was delivered soon but other one was a bit late, but no worries i am happy wid my phone as i went through all the reviews n decided to buy this phone, more over i received KitKat 4.4 version instead of jelleybean m very happy for dat. thank you Amazon
After using for about 1 Month..i thought to write about the product, everything is fine, but everything that is installed goes to the phone memory,and it later prompt msg as less memory.. And the battery is xeptionally poor,it drains very soon,xcept dis two cons d product is amaing,ii
good phone for the price , very good battery and camera. For my usage the battery last the complete day. I keep my data on whole still by the end of the day its 20% Battery left. Only issue is with internal memory limiting to download apps. I can give 4 Star rating.
Mmx a120 is better to buy for that cost. If u browse net r using wifi it is getting heated. Compare to other company mobile its weight is more. Nighttime in dark place flash is working but picture not that much clear. Some large pdf files r not opening. feel better for max 1 year.
I m vry vry proud of my decision of slctng dis fon. Nd i dnt hv any prblm in dis. Rear camra is nt mch gd bt instd of it it is bst fon in ds price nd i didnt mk any mstk in prchasing it. Nd also a big thnx to amazon fr giving me such a wll conditioned thing in ds suitable price.
If you're looking for a budget phone or a budget micromax then this one provides the best value for money. Best in the canvas line so far considering the cost. A much needed upgrade is the 720p HD display which IMO is an absolute must for a 5" screen. Quad core CPU is a nice upgrade as well. The phone actually looks better than most phones of this budget and probably the best looking micromax as well. The product image shown here(atleast at the time of writing this) isn't the correct one and the actual phone looks much better than this. You could probably google it.
I just loved it! the phone is awesome and so was the delivery by Amazon. U guys rock... many of my frnds hv started using Amazon. about phone as far as looks d looks is concerned the phone is ok. but when it comes to features this the best phone within this prize range..
Nice handset!!!! Lag free performance..... Doesn't hang at all good ram management...... No over heating..... Display , camera all features meet expectations at this price point good buy up to Rs8000..... MMX only need to focus on there after sale service now....
Defected piece delivered. I wanted to replace it, but Amazon only do return.
It is an awesome experience by getting it.100% satisfied with this product.
Good budget phone. One of the best phones below 10000₹ having all the required features. I dont know why it is not advertised much. Although micromax can improve its camera quality in night & earohones also need enhancement. Rest is ok.
As per specifications this mobile does not support otg(on the go) cable. Phone supports just 8 GB card . If we increase the memory card storage then phone bata slow. Worst mobile of the year . Lekar phas gaya hahahahaha. Joking mobile is worth as per the price
Expected 4.4(Kitkat) OS version but got 4.1(Jelly Bean). Overall a good product. Started facing some issues recently: There is voice distortion when calling at both caller and reciever's end. Slight noisy disturbance at irregular intervals.
It is best ....micromax colour 2 a120 is really a true smartphone...it had meet all my expectation...likely it has a cool look wit awasome colour pannel...it has good camera clearity...plus nice slim body...all i need is fullfilled by amazon...thanx..amazon.in
Othennu than the battery life which is slightly on the lower side the phone is a great choice... Definitely better than moto e... Plays all the HD games.. Supports 2k playback.... Excellent screen... Ui is pretty smooth.. Overall it's good value for money....
The phone s very good. I hav been using this product for over a month, and i dnt hav any issues. The camera quality s good. Front camera clearity s also good only wen clik'd in bright light. Total space memory s 5.28Gb. AMAZON DELIVERY SERVICE WAS VERY GOOD.
1st of All i wanna thanks amazon for it fastest delivery... About phone. Its just awsOme at the price of 6,998.. Loved it.. Looks cool.. Camera is also gOod... But just storage problem their is only 900mb for apps installation.. Apart frOm this its awsome
I was a bit worried about people saying about heatup but Mr.GOGI from gogi.in confirmed in his review that its normal. I bought it with confidence. I think the grey panel has a black coating inside, that is causing the heatup for people who says it. I am using yellow panel, looks like a big lumia. Camera is outstanding in daylight and average during night. USB OTG works perfect. Sound output is very good. Screen is awesome, viewing angles are fine. At this price, a very good buy.. Becoz you cannot get a 5" 720p Quad Core OTG enabled Great Camera Slim Swappable Cases phone at this price range..
Except for the battery which drains out quickly, there are absolutely no issues. This mobile phone is sturdy and can be used roughly in daily uses. The best part is it is very fast and responsive than expected from phone of this specifications and price.
Nice phone in thiz price. Gud camera, sound quality, nice display, average battery backup.. N it never lags. Dnt think much go 4 it awesome product... Bt only one thiz is tht it's temperature rises very fast, bt it's adjustable guys dnt worry....
The phone heats up real fast when put for charging and also when we take photos using flash. The camera is 8MP(as what they call it..) is satisfactory when compared with the price. expected more from it. Else overall its a good phone
very nice piece with two back panels. But disappointed with the specifications. Didn't get the all specifications as mentioned on the website. only got 4 gb internal memory but on website it shows 8gb. Thats cheating with customers from amazon...:(
Its Wonderful Experience, as I have used smart phone for first time.
After some time it gives me the "Not Sufficient Space" error despite ample of space. Then i have to factory reset it and lose all my data just to get rid of this stupid error. Many people face this error but no legit solution is out yet.
After using 15 say i am writing rewiew This is excellent phone except internal memory is 8 gb but allocated for app installation in only 0.89 gb which is creating problem when its full and install new apps otherwise phone is good performence .
Great phone..worth buying..ter r many additional features like flashing Led light for msgs n mails..no hanging...u cd move applications frm internal card to sd card..no heating..but make sure u charge it for 8 hrs continuosly for the first time
Micromax Amazing Innovation is such affordable price range!!!!!!!!!
all i want to say is this phone is awesum ips display is excellent and camera quality is superb coming to amazon packing was first i liked it very much and delievery of the product was 1 day early as mentioned ...amazon plus colours rocks...
Good phone with it's price range. Battery is not that good, but it's okay with normal usage (not that bad). Good Display and as it mostly contains stock android UI hence working is smooth without any lag. Camera is also good; took quite good photos in day time, but flash is not very bright. But you cannot expect more at this price range. The only issue I felt was regarding the low internal Memory for application which is just 0.89 GB allocated for App installation and rest 5.XX GB for Internal Storage. You can move some of the application to SD Card but again this is limted as basic application like Facebook and Whatsapp will not move (which take most of the space). Though I figured out a solution and used ADB functionality to change default application installation from Internal SD card to External SD Card. This solution also let me move Facebook and some other application to External card which was not working earlier. Overall very good phone with good quality build, I suppose :)
Awesome phone, true value for money and nice built in. I was bit scare when placed order but.... after seeing and using it it's just awesome. Photo quality is also nice.Amzon packing and delivery is so fast and gr8. Thanks a lot
Gr8 product, even if written 4GB rom, i got 8GB one Camera is not up to the mark at night. All other features are excellent, Iam even able to play god of war chains of olympus at 89%speed with psp emulator available on playstore
the mobile is good.it is very thick and having 8 megapixel primary and 2 megapixel secondary camera.but the big disadvantage is its phone memory it is very limited.so we cannot install all the apps which we like.....it is very restricted
Phone is working good but needs to improve battery life. Also facing some difficulties during installation of new application because internal memory is not sufficient so need to uninstall some old app then only we can install new app.
Pros:Good screen resolution and touch. Cons:The handset is lightweight but looks little bulky. No issues so far. Power button is little tricky. Best bet at this price, but if you have more budget go for a slimmer device.
Good product as I expected. good camera, clear picture both rear and front camera, processor is also good, no handing problem, display is also good. only issue is battery. battery looks bit weak. otherwise its ok.
Re-writing my review. For the last one year, I had become a fan of Micromax. Cheaper phones, high configuration etc. I purchased 3 mobiles a tablet and a TV. All from Micromax. Exactly one year after I got the First Micromax phone (purchased on 18th March 2014, problem started 13th March 2015). (display issues, dead battery, no network) Another phoen purchased around april 2014 and problem started feb 2015. (display issues, dead battery, no network) Micromax customer care is pathetic. they wont help you at all. I tried reaching out to local micromax service stations in Hyderabad. 4 out of 6 addres given are fake and the contact numbers never work. Highly dissappointed with the experience. I can understand that I paid less when compared to branded devices, but this is pathetic. I'm never gonna buy any more micromax devices. enough spent. Thanks Micromax for letting me know how CHEAP you guys are.
it is good bugtd phone ,camaera both front and rear is goood ,,it comes hd disply,kitkat version,8gb rom ∧ screen resolution also good ,iam using this phone fom 3week it never hang and lag, totaly iam satisfaid,about this phone.
good product from micromax to beat the market but it lags because 76MB RAM available with minimum usage and no heavy application after 6 months usage.... heats too much and after sale services are very bad and irritating
Nice Phone.Awesome Camera & have 8 GB internal memory.Also have 4.4.2 kit kat processor. i like it's yellow back panel most. Thanks amazon you give me a right phone with all specifications in reasonable cost.
Excellent speed build quality Display quality videos & sound quality Very good touch response battery life & camera quality Does not have heating problem like my previous Phone xperia M Overall a great device to own
I BOUGHT THIS PHONE ON 18TH OCTOBER AND IT DELIVERED ON 21ST .I am very glad for this service . In MMX CANVAS 2 A120 all features are good.Mobile looks very beautiful but it heat at the mmx logo back of the smartphone.
Its best phone in this budget. Camera is the best feautre in this phone. Battery back up is averge . All the application run smoothly. Back covers are very attractive. If you need a gud phone with gud camera then just go for it.
Best phoe look vise and functions vise. App mamory can be increased by easy few stap Go to xda site and read how to increased app mamory in MMX canvas 2 colour. At the and go for this it is a very nice phone.
Mmx cheated me.. Except internal memory and touch.Cannot download extra apps. If you want u must be root it. . This is a good one.. Good , sounds.... But now I replaced it with Lenovo a 6000(no Otg) SUPER LENOVO.. THANKS
Received this product on 13th August and to my surprise, i received Android 4.4.2 kitkat version with 8GB ROM. Its good than expected. Pros 1. Good Performance 2. Good Camera. More than expected. Even selfie shots(front camera) are coming good in day light. i never expected this. 3. Display is too good 4. Call volume, ringtone volume was fine 5. Wifi, 3g, 2g is also working fine. Cons 1. Less Phone storage for Apps. Even though they give 8GB ROM, i dont know the use of it. Only 0.89GB for Apps installation and in that 600 MB has been occupied by pre-installed apps. My Facebook app alone taking 100 MB and what to do with the remaining phone storage. Only few apps can be moved to other storage and that apps too take some space in the phone storage. I am getting insufficient storage space after installing some 12 apps. Just 80 MB phone storage remaining and it is unable to install new apps. 2. I was unable to sync FaceBook contacts. This option is not available in FB app and need to download an external app for that. Don't know why this problem occurs for certain micromax mobiles. The same thing works fine in Canvas 2.2 A114 in my friends mobile. 3. Display is too good so that its eating the battery. But, it is manageable. Verdict: I feel it is real value for money. Anyhow, not recommended for app freaks who will be installing bunch of apps in mobile.
Nice Phone with 2 Back Covers... Delivery Time Excellent, Meet my Expectation as well, Excellent Camera, Only Problem Ver Much Heat Up in the Back Side All & all Nice Phone, with that Price
Nice product in a reasonable price... Delivered in 3days...
Decent phone with good configuration. 3 panels are available with this phone which is a good idea. Display and touch sensitivity is good. It would have been better if it had good battery (still it lasts for 1.5 day)
Very good phone. Build quality is good and screen resolution is good. The best feature is camera. Its 8 Mp clicks good pics in lowlight as well. Only battery drains quickly. If u can compromise on battery go for it
The overall performance of the phone is satisfactory. But the battery is totally disappointing, It do not last for more than 4 hours by disconnecting all application like net.I would like to replace the battery.
Worst thing about Micromax is the company's rigid and adamant attitude in providing after sales service. I have a very bitter experience with Micromax Tab purchased from Mobile store in Lajpat Nagar, New Delhi.
Features of the phone is very good but battery is wrost and phone has 2000mah Li on battery but i think it is not when using internet the battery getting down faster i am disappointed by battery all over good
Amazing phone at this price!!! Bought two phones, one in back and the other in white, (The only difference though is just the colour) with the tech specs that other brands would cost alomst the double.
The Best Phone for its price!!! I am using it for about 1 month and still have no problem. Using any battery saver app should increase the battery life, but better change the battery to 2500Ah
Internal memory for apps is less than 1gb . its to bad
Experience with Android Phones- 1 year Pros- Can be found anywhere. Display- The display is exactly in the centre i.e the space around the display screen is evenly distributed. People who like symmetry will like it. UI- Customized UI fells pretty good. Cons- Heating Problem- Not a big issue, it just gets a bit warm will using wifi, gaming and charging. RAM- Only around 400 MB of RAM is available, remaining 600 MB is used buy the phone. Weight- A bit heavy. Battery- 1+ day with moderate usage. Case- I din't like the colors i.e. Blue and Yellow. OS- No Kitkat (No Update Available) Verdict- You are getting a mid-range phone at a lower range price. You can definitely buy this.
good mobile & camara result is very good but battery back up very bad i have.. battery drains so fast.once i switch on the mobile data..it would drain so fast.. ant solution for this? plz hepl .......
Another Good Product from Micromax. With HD display and good speaker. No lagging issues at all, everything is smooth.Battery backup is moderate.camera is fabulous in this price range.Overall excellent.
Micromax canvas 2 Colours A120 - Best Model with good speed and touch is fast , hd videos runs fast and clear - keep it up MICROMAX , PRICE ARE VERY VERY REASONABLE AND FUCTIONS ARE WORTH RS. 50,000/-
micromax canvas 2 A120 (white) is good looking and nice cellphone for better price. All good features are available. :)
Very good for the Price and Specs.... damn good for medium to high end games ... no lag . only prob is the battery wont last even 2 hrs when used for games...
Its awsm luvng it . Dis phn has all the features that Full fills ur basic needs . Am hppy abt ma phn
online youtube hd/full hd video viewing poor quality, that is even HD videos are not clear while viewing, otherwise its a good product
The product was received with 2 days of delivery thanks to Amazon for this superfast shipping. The micromax a120 has awesome specification at this price. It meet all my expectations. Guys go for it.
Fast delivery by amazon. This is the best phone in the price range no complain abt the phone. Gud work by micromax with the camera
It was a nice device micromax has done a great work but at battery part it was the looser as its battery drains too fast unluckily i got defective product but it was nice using it
I got a diffective piece with camera and flash. its realy good display with new technology. good luking with 2 color panels
A nice decent phone for a normal user with good processing speed and with a decent battery life.good looks as well
All d performance r satisfactory but charger provided not working properly! Also charging takes a lot of time essz ....
Lovely product with all key features of a premium handset. No lag, excellent display with equally nice sound. Haven't experienced heating or low battery issues that I read from some users. I think the product is simply awesome. As a feedback, the charger cable is too short. Could have been longer Highly recommended product for those who have a budget of <10K. I think this is the best handset so far in this range.
i bought this phone just three days ago...and im loving it...camera is great..speed is great no lag in between playing games..sometimes heats up..but not an issue.. best phone in the budget..and lastly amazon service was amazing.. though i would like to ask micro max to install the swift keyboard in their mobile like the on in the Motorola phones..but even without it the phone is superb.
I am fully satisfied with each aspect of the phone except battery time which runs only a day after heavy use. In all other aspect phone is as par with other high end phones.
A really gud phone . have all the features with nice looks at such affordable price. Best phone as far as cost to features ratio is concerned. Using from past 20days and no problem of any sort. I will strongly suggest for this phone. Best value for money phone with a relatively good brand name. Go for it.
i m using this phone a month ago. I dont find any lag in this phone, the display is quite good the games( Nova 3 Asphalt 8 Gta, dead trigger 2, mc5 gt racing 2) that i played were quite smooth , this is the best phone ever in this price bracket for gaming as the games can be moved in the sd card., and after the guaranteed kit Kat update, the update boosts the phone performance, after the update free ram increases, phone doesn't heat now and phone doesn't lag now at all that is why this is the best!! phone ever!!!!!
good for low usage - in 3g heating of phone occurs. but over all worth spending money. because of hd screen display. God know when FOTA updat for Kitkat will be available from micromax. May go for Unite 2 also for same budget.
I bought this mobile 2 weeks before. So far so good. Pros: 1) Looking very nice. 2) Camera quality is pretty good. 3) Viewing angles are good. 4) Battery life good but not so great. 5) Touch responsive good. Cons: 1) Internal memory is less. 2) Difficult to use to unlock button. 3) It heats up(few times) while playing games. Overall worth for the budget.
touch and volume is very poor as its cost and v cant save image from facebook like micromax a101 mobile
It is great phone with quad core processor 1 GB RAM and HD screen in JUST 8600 INR. No other phone is available with same features at this price.
Wow it was an awesome deal superr nice phone no problem till now , hope things go wel lll lll
Nothing to say about features as it is exellent... Only problem is that it gets heated near the earpiece while using internet or gaming for long time. Battery backup is just okay as 10% of battery drains in around 8 hours standby time... Display is exellent and crystal clear. No hanging observed yet. Camery is good exept in dark conditions.. overall its good product in this range..
This is a good phone in this price range. Camera is excellent. It has face lock option which is amazing and also has some smart feature. But sometime it is going to hang. Rest is good.
for a cell under 10,000 rs its absolutely Divine!!! xoxo love it!!!! i suggest u buy it in an instant!
good buy. features are good at this price.services provided by amazon are excellent. internal memory and RAM are adequate for day to day use.
satisfied good display, good clarity, good look, overall satified with this phone, price is good compare to samsung and nokia
Great service amazon keep it up and great phone too.... For this price using it from last 20 days and no drawbacks
its really amazing ... the mobile price actually it cost more than 12,000 in open market but i bought at 8,700 somrthing itsd really great to have such a mobile at thisd price... full worth for this price very happy not yet used full option ... still its in process but till now its great
Yesterday i purchased this mobile.. every thing is well but i am not satisfied with three things. 1. its camera quality. It is 8mp capable phone but samsung 5mp camera is better than mx a120's camera. 2. it heats up too fast.. 3. its flas light is worst... :(
Amazon - Prfct online shopping service.. Good service n nice packing.. Abt phone- itz jst awsme with all features n 2 standard yellow n sky blue colored back case.. ♡♡♡♡♡ for thiz price.. thnxxx a lott amazon n micromax!
Worth buying....superb mobile Its better to go for brands like Micromax, xolo, laava....rather than Samsung Half price for same features...
Phone is very nice, scree is bright and clear, UI is very good. you get two back panels also. very good service form Amazon
rest is almost fyn. Looks are good. Camera is OK. rest lets see how it works in future. 3* from my side
i am using this product its picture hearty is awesome and very good in budget phone its amazing very good
Fantastic phone .. got for my dad.. he loved it. Super grip fast processor big screen and nice layout. Go for it at under 9000 budget
Good fone.... superb camera.. superfast functions.. overall exelent.. battery back up is the week points that i saw.. otherwise superbbb
Ev thing iz fine baas btry ki problem hai...btry.backup thoda kaam hai aur amazone ki service bahoot kharaab hai....dnt buy
A good mobile which gave me more than what is given in the specification. It has proved to be a pro thanks A r khan
I ordered this from amazon.in and opted for a quick one day delivery. I was astonished the package was in my hands just within 18 hours of my ordering!!! Well done amazon in that aspect. Now, about the mobile I don't talk about all the technical points as they are available everywhere over the Internet. Personally what I felt about the phones design is very good, build is good, and the looks are pretty decent. The performance of the phone is very fast for tasks like takin pics, videos and browsing. You can surely go for as there is no any competetor for this for the price you pay!!!
The phone looks like Nokia lumia. I bought white and it came with Red and blue back covers. Decent spec and works great. Like the form factor.
Awesome Features in the less price. Good Experience. Paisa Vasool Phone. Still Waiting for Kitkat Update!!! Micromax Nothing like Anything.
Good budget quality phone Should improve their overall performances Okayish camera but a fast gps Worth buying at this price
good phone.using it since the last fortnight.haven't experienced any problem.worth ur money.fast on the internet and camera is of good quality too.battery lasts for a decent time.a little big for a shirt pocket.
Was delivered on time. The phone works well. No complaints as of now. I ordered the white one. So 2 free back panels included were red and green. Best past about the phone is its resolution which I think is the best in this price with hd video.
seen its specification online. just using it. feels good.better than other Micromax fone . good option for less than 10000 phone.
A very good phone at amazing price, however I feel that 2000 MAH battery is less. It should have been min 2500 mah...thanks
Nice product of micromax. Fully satisfied. Mobile is working fine. I got only one drawback its battery is not good. Overall best smart phone in this price range.
Very disappointed me such a branded product any way every thing depends there luck.great releaf my cash back offer from tense.m/s amazon doing good job.
Just been using this phone for two days and here are the things i like in this mobile. Pros: 1. HD display 2. Awesome camera 3. Responsive touch 4. browsing speed is great 5. Games work good 6. extra back covers Cons: 1. Average battery backup . ( not an issue as this is common with all android mobiles) Verdict: If you have a tight budget and need a decent smartphone... blindly go for it.
Canvas 2 colors A120 meets all my expectations except missing gorilla glass in this price range.The camera quality is not as good as 8MP.
liked a lot..Awsome features and valuable for money...i suggest this phone to buy and get a worthy smart phone..go for it..
Phone performance and every thing is good but i dont love the theme of it......Light weight and slim... Flash is powerful
recently I have buyed this handset micromax canvas 2 colours its nice handset but the problem was some with handset it's lag in playstore and in browsing also handset lags but the main problem which I got in my handset sometime network show some time not.But thanxxx to amazon nice service within 10 days they given me refund.
superb phone....i got it in 7500. just one issue with this piece is that they have give less memory in app.... so whenever we download some new app. we need to clean all the apps data
Got 3 days back wonderful phone .Only one issue --dont know why am unable to update Clean Master which is laready there hence was forced to download CC CLeaner which is also working fine and awesome
Got the phone as i expected. Mainly ordered the mobile for its battery backup. But it is not upto the mark, draing very fast. But phone got good value for it desing and usage, other than battery!!!!
I have bought micromax canvas 2 colours a120 from amazon. The phone is working very fine and its worth to buy this mobile with all features at this amazing price of 8k. Well done micromax and amazon
Micromax Canvas 2 A 120 Colours,is an excellent Android phone when comparing with other phones of the same specification. Very good quality photos and videos just like taken from a SLR Camera.
Canvas A120 is looking wise good piece but whenever we will do some application then some time it will heat, so company has to rectify this things in this model. Battery back of A120 is very good.
A very good phone , i had seen a lot of complaints that other people has raised about this phone . But after using this phone for about months I think this is one of the best phone for this price
Good to have this mobile in this price range. Good screen quality, battery back up is OK, Good call quality. Only think which I feel not satisfy is Camera quality. Camera quality is just average.
the phone is excellent. but its battery backuo sucks. if u want a good battery go for canvas 2.2 its available for same price. but the battery of this phone is pathetic. it drains within 4 hours
Amazon delivered the product in a rural area of Haryana in 4 days is superb. sold by gabbar deal and i m provided two screen/ scratch guards is excellent. But bad thing is that i got a mobile with defective camera. it is not opening, shows message can't open camera. Hope that will be sorted out
The set which I received had a manufacturing defect; Screen was responding on its own without touching it. Thanks to Amazon for their Refund policy; I got my money back within a week.
So far so good..value for money..same feature Samsung grand cost me Rs 13700. coincidentally I have recieved the product on my wedding anniversary day, much befr the assured date...thax amazon
Battery back up is very poor when using internet or seeing videos and phone was hanging some times. ear phones are not working and quality also very poor Camera clarity is very good
Micromax canvas 2 colour is good at its price. Good outdoor camera quality... No laging Good display Disadvantages: Low batterybackup Heatup fast
It is amazing and worth for this price. Really this is pretty good one..... Super camera and user interface... And special thanks to amazon. In for the fast and careful delivery of my order.
Value for money. No lags and crystal clear display. The only issue is battery drains off quickly if we play games/ surfing the battery should be at least 2300 mAh else the best mobile to buy
Micromax always prvds u a better quality in others comparison. So don't think so much and go 4 it Good HD screen gd cam qlity is awesome Not any prb in playing gm & brwsng.
low battery backup and voice is not sufficient for videos and calls.even though having 8 MP cam photo's quality is not 100% matching original colors.over all other aspects phone is good.
Very good mobile earlier I had Micromax A 177 now I bought colors its having very clear camera of 8 MP and it's internal memory is 8 GB which is quite sufficient for camera And what's up
Its good mob. But ram space is not sufficiant. it is sujjested to decrease rom to 4gb And then so to increase ram to 2gb. without sufficiant ram space rom feels worthless
when i open the "you tube " window its hanging ,the streaming is not proper, and a lower version is micromax A74 which I have is doing well for the same internet connectivity.
Nice android phone good picture quality but the flash light- pics aren't good rest hangs smtyms also!!! If u insert a filled SD card it would say its a damaged sd card!
Nice phone at this price. Loud and clear sound of loudspeaker. Very nice display clarity. The voice while talking through hand held (not through loudspeaker) is low.
It is simply awesome..great deal..Nyc performance camera display memory..battery s disappointing..bt such a feature rich heavily packed phn at below 9k-10k s really commentable...
Batery bach is only for half day.. Screen sensors does not work properly ...very slow..heat problem....camera is not up to the mark...low quality...wants to return but can't do.,
I m using it last two months & its good phone.
good mobile. Value for money as compared to samsung. The package contains everything fora startup 2 back covers, scratch guard. the only con is that the battery back up is poor.
So far it's good enough.Although I am not venturing every ins -out of the device.Still it's worth in this range. Thanks Amazon team. Expect your prompt service as usual.
I was purchase this mobile on 18.10.14. I am satisfied with mobile. This camera is to good. There configuration is equal of higher price phone. Hence i recommended this phone.
not upto the mark. Do not buy this . Camara not upto the mark. User memory 0.89gb not not enough for any android smart phone. The main core factor the user memory not enough.
worst battery service.If u use it thoroughly, the fully charged battery will last for 4 hrs max. and in any case you have to charge it twice a day irrespective of your usage.
ROM is 8GB not 4GB :) , received the mobile with Kitkat, Loved it. Unbeatable price from amazon. I bought a white one & got Red & Green back cover ; appealing ,decent colour.
the delivery was slow but the phone is awesome. the camera quality is great. one can easily play 3D games and download apps. the phone doesn't lags. over all it's good phone
Good product. Quality of camera is good. The colorful back covers which come as a part of the original packing are simply superb. Have fell in love with the vibrant covers
Micromax Colours Mobile bettry backup is not satisfy. Micromax Colours Mobile bettry backup is not satisfy. Micromax Colours Mobile bettry backup is not satisfy.
This is overaly good and new stocks the rom size increased from 4 to 8 gb but for app only 1 gb so it is not allowing to install any other app due to insufficient space
again amazon deliverd a defective product..
Good price for quality, easy and comfortable to used... Camera very good, battery awesome, over all very good.. Experience the reliable... Gangmei frm delhi
Everything's gud bout diz phone, but it's camera quality and battery backup suck's . I juz bought it yesterday. I wud prefer canvas Knight cameo rather than colors2.
Very nice, fast, stylish everything I need in one piece. Thanks Micromax for designing such an excellent product and thanks Amazon for quick and fast deliveries
The Service provided by Amazon was fantastic .. Keep the good joob going amazon.. :) The phone is bang on money .. It has all the features of a good smart phone ...
nice product on first look. In amzon and Micromax website product details It is a jelly bean version. But it is Kitkat. very fast delivery by amazon. Thankyou amazon
Really good mobile touch ,camera , speed all are awsome .i have big dout wile order its 4 Gb r 8 Gb Rom but i got 8 Gb kitkat os . only thing is late deliver 2 days
overall all the features are nice. the only negative portion that i found is comparatively less battery backup and dificulty to see the things on screen in sunlight.
The Best phone in budget and with all features .... Awesome phone .... With minimal usage of internet i got 2 and half days battery back up... Superb phone ...
I have got the new version with 8 Gb ROM ,1Gb RAM & android 4.4.2 KitKat from Amazon....But the battery is not good yet.... Amazing delivery by Amazon... Like it..
Im very happy that i thought of using this amazon site... And im very happy with a product i purchased but.. The battery backup is not so good as i had thought of
The phone is good in this price category, only I wish if Micromax can do something about its frequent charging issue. Amazon as always was great in delivery!
This is my first smart phone & The phone is verry good I bought this phone 30-6-14 from amajon amajon service is very good & Micromax also good just ammezing
Great product at affordable price. Unmatched specifications in proce range 5000-12000 till date. Value for money. Fully satisfied with the product.
M nt satisfied with this product, i hv ordered this because of its camera and 8 gb rom . It gives poor battery backup and what i got hs kitkat version of anaroid
smoooth functioning , amazing display great phone for 1st time android users !!!!!!!!! awesome service by amazon ....... it comes with 8gb ROM and kitkat 4.4.2 .
I bought it last month. I like it. Camera is good. But I have two problems. One is I couldn't save photo as contact picture. Second is battery backup is low.
This is a good phone for the price. it worked well as soon as I assembled the sim,battery etc. I am using 8gb memory card. no probs so far. I like this phone.
This is a very good phone .High Resolution and many more.Only demerit is for apps memory is .98 GB only .Rest of all very good if are with a 32 GB Memory Card
I LIKED EACH N EVERY FEATURE OF THIS PHONE AS THIS PHONE IS TRULY THE BEST SMARTPHONE IN THIS RANGE BUT THE ONLY MINUS POINT IS THAT IT HAS LOW BATTERY BACKUP
I love this mobile. Best for this price better than xolo q800 . micromax android one . best camera,ram ,display,core not bad...battery is also not bad .
In orders shown in gadget guru 1GB ram and 8GB ROM but deleverd only 4 GB ROM and Jbean.indiapost is ssuperb delivered only 4 days. Overall product is good.
A lot many functions at a very reasonable price. And it functions so well. But "yeh dil mange more". If only some more features had been included.
Got It Soon...Nyc Delivery!!! Covers Are Fantastic......Good Colours..... Android KITKAT!!!!! Not Expected.... Go For It
Its a very good product. I am using micromax product very first time but i am very much satisfied with product performance. Thanx micromax and Amazon....
Althogh I got good discount on this product while purchasing and was delivered within 2 days, I feel the product has too many small small issue which at times are annoying. You can not set external ringtone, evenif it is set, settings get reset if the phone is restarted. All the media files gets stored on Internal storage which causes the phone to slow down considerably within few days. Overall I would rate this product as ok, but too many small flaws which must be corrected.
Nice phone Available in lesser price with more qualities Best cameras. Excellent processer & android Available in 3days Good packing
Nice Device ever at this price tag . All features are amazing . But battery backup is poor 2000 mah.nice camera and speaker .., quad core processor .
Got the ph on 21st july but now exactly after a month or so, the battery is not working...dont know what to and where to contact...really disappointing. The phone screen cracked automatically and the sim isn't working...wow....ridiculous.....worst part...no one is reverting either from Micromax or Amazon....am never ever going to order anything else from Amazon now onwards...also...will advice the same to all family and friends
Dear ...By mistek 2 phone click only one phone reqd..................... Dear ...By mistek 2 phone click only one phone reqd.....................
As of me happy with the phone but was bit upset with the delivery whch has taken 7 days were as some of my frnds got in3 to 4 days but finally happier
Its been 2 weeks since I bought this beautiful device. The built quality is premium . The camera quality is amazing, the best phone under 10 k range.
Micromax Canvas 2 Colours A120 (White) nice product and looking good Micromax Informatics Ltd.camera is gud...battery backup is bit low..overall good
Best and good looking smartphone its compare to galaxy grand 2 Camera is superb and vid quality is very good i was purches this phone price was 7600
i ordered this a120 on 17th of september and got delivered on 22nd of sept...thanks amazon for fast delivery,though i expected more fast delivery..comming to this product it has 8gb storage and kitkat..performance is good...still otg is not working..otherwise everything is superb...no complains..i think jb version support otg rather than kitkat..though usb storage is showing but it cant detect my pendrive,i mean no notification of detecting pendrive...
Really Execellent phone Screen display is amazing vibrant colors In camera picture quality is really good & detailing is exceptional
i have to say dis phone is just amazing from micromax i have been using it for a month nd its very neat in touch nd specs,cam quality is just great
8MP autofocus camera is Awesome. Smooth user interface with kitkat OS. 8GB internal rom,1GB ram ensures smooth running of high end games.
The price and the configuration of the phone is just perfect . The best entry level plus smart phone for a really affordable price. Its smart and is good to look at too. Big screen, twin sim its great. On showing the phone to my friends, two of them wanted to buy it. I bought another piece through amazon itself for one friend and the other one is going to get it locally. Real good smart phone. Real good price. Real good configuration.
I was using samsung s3. I compared a120 vs s3. But I realise a 120 nowhere near to s3. Always shows internal memory full. The processor very weak
A smartphone under 10k..Just go for it...No issues..For people complaining about heating issues, all smart phones will heat up while browsing....
I like this phone. It's worth of price. I don't have any issue while operation this phone. Overall performance of this device is perfectly fine.
I saw tat it was upgradeable to Android Kitkat.. But i couldn't upgrade it.. Tats why a star less.. But overall good phone for this price range..
VERY NICE THANKS TO MICROMAX &AMAZON
I ordered this phone on July 9, 2014 .first the delivery took a week more than promised, than we get a defective piece which just refuse to work. This phone has crashed within 3 days of use, the battery had drained put it for charge and now only the canvas logo come. On contacting Micromax they refuse to replace the phone. the service centre says it will take a week to 10 days to fix it. A total let down by Micromax...
Good bang for the buck although phone has tricky storage settings. Otherwise the 6 gb of internal storage and expandability is well appreciated.
I ordered canvas 2 colors on 9 oct and it was delivered on 19th oct.about phone it is good to buy at this price with this kind of specification.
I am loving this product. Thank you very much for selling this product on lowest price and its worth buyn on Amazon. Keep it up guys.
Camera of both front and rear are laggy, touch sensitivity while playing games is not good. This phone is good for basic use with good display.
Really i'm a big fan of mmx but this time mmx make me so feel bad i buy this phone from amazon, always superb service by amazon deliver too fast , the configuration is too good but the soul of any phone is battery life the phone has 2000Mah battery but it drain too quickly to do any things like play games, access internet, playing videos, n also a big problem is the phone its heated too much & smell like a burning.
It is not as good as per expectation, Internal Memory having issue of storage, When download any new app it shows no storage space available.
Its gud bt dere r alots of apps which makes my phb memory full nd not usable 4m my point of view. Otherwise phn is gud nd i satisfied vid it.
It is good in budget but having heating problem if u use wifi/internet/fm for more than 1 hr. slightly heating problem. Everything is fine..
Poor battery backup drains quickly... as compare to samsung core 2 Micromax Canvas 2 Colours camera is not so good music is below average..
Using the phone since last month . Better phone at this range. Topclass build. 8gb internal. Animation camera shot is very good feature.
I received 8gb rom instead of 4gb rom i received internal memory 4gb instead of 6gb Updated kitkat version4.4.2 Good product
I m not satisfy this product.good camera quality but it is waste of money.it is heated eaisly.and its battery life and loking is not good.
Great phone at this price point...... Simply amazing.....with quad core processor 1gb ram hd didplay 8gb rom and much more......superb....
Very very satisfied with the product.Suggesting every one to have a try on this phone.It's superb.It has everythin a android has to offer.
Good phone But processor speed is avg Screen touch is also avg 2 extra color available with phone 7800/- is good price
This is really an amazing phone that is absolutely ready to beat big giants in the market......Keep up the good work Micromax's Guys......
There isn't a single feature in this phone that you won't love. But, the real concern is the battery. 2000mah gives very poor performance.
i m not satisfied for this mobile. Phone device capacity is very low (0.89) and by default apps installed in 785 MB. Additional apps you have not installation in this phone. I have selected many times Internal & external device but new apps have not installed. every message is displayed on screen the space is insufficient. So i have a feeling of remorse. Pl i m suggest all of you don't purchase same mobile
A good budget cell..evrything is good battery life is bit less but same can be managed with a nive battery app.kikat 4.4 does its magic..
The phone is good, purchase was neat on Amazon. But the phone battery is bad. It does not stay for more than 3 hours. Very poor battery.
Its very trusted site for purchasing a genuine and original brand. Packaging is very good. It feels like taking a thing from a showroom.
Superb configuration at this price only at Amazon. Other sites have more price of Rs 1000 to 1500. Quick service by Amazon is reliable.
Great budget phone, works great, nice screen, ok camera, but too much apps that use up the ram overall at this price its worth a steal.
Awsm phone in dis price range...camera a bit average...bt nt too bad...ill suggest to go on wid dis phone...its more than satisfactory.
Nice phone for the price. Hd screen, good camera (best in its range), less charge time etc. Happy with the product and amazon service.
A very good product with excellent features and amazing touch- screen. The battery life is a concern. Gets hot after an hour of use.
very good phone.nice display. touch screen very good. 1 minus point battery backup very poor. average is best phone of this range.
Bought the phone from the seller Tecki-Home and got the 8GB ROM version. One of the best android phones in the 8K range. Go for it!
Excellent mobile. received with KITKAT OS and 8GB ROM. Mobile is so cool. Picture quality is superb. There are no cons from my end.
good phone but limited place in internal sd card. only 0.89 GB internal space in phone storage thats why no apps can be downloaded
Nice mobile but battery backup is not satisfactory and heating problem is also their little bit, otherwise it is very nice mobile.
In fact My all Colleagues have purchased Micromax colors and the performance of the device is owesome. i am buying the same for me
Features are awesome wen compared to other brand phones with the same budget. Worth phone but the only problem is battery backup..
THE BATTERY HEATES UP & PLAY STORE MEMORY IS ONLY .89 GB WHAT IS THE FUN OF 8 GB INTERNAL MEMORY IF YOU CANNOT DOWNLOAD MUCH APPS
Camera quality excellent. RAM very less (.89 Gb) main problem battary, it is only 2000 Mah. Extend battary backup or replacable.
Overall good phone with lots of good features....sound is less...there is a little heat up of battery during longer operation....
Semma phone. Kaasukaana muzhu madhippu intha mobile ah iruku. Amazon mass.book panna moonavthu naal delivered.i am very happy..
I bought it for gifting.....So I've not used it...but heard it is working well...& the person to whom I gifted, has liked it...
Colour pannels are best part, battery is fine, camera is also satisfactory and amazon delivery is superb. Overall worth buying.
21july 2014 My phone come its internal memory 8 Gb and 4•4•2kitket but my badluck its 3,5 Audio jack fulty and i am returned it
The phone is poor , shows low memory in spite of ample of space battery problems and many more . Pathetic . Do not go for it .
Below par performance.for anything you download it says no space onthe device.applications could not move on external sd card.
Nice camera but heat up early during net service going on. Night photo is not very much in good as it has 13 mega pixel camera
They mentioned on site 8GB internal memory on product detail but, I got 4GB in delivered my phone. not correct detail on page.
Whenever we surf in the internet the phone will heat extraordinary,and when we keep this phone in pocket feel some disturbance
seems nice. root and remove the unwanted system apps and the battery lasts for more than 24 hrs. It's not getting hot either.
received on time. 5 inch big screen and decent touch feel. no issue with performance. value for the money. nice look and feel.
The back covers get dirty very soon and they cannot be cleaned. However, the phone is amazing. Therefore, go for black colour.
After using this phone for three days... i am writing this review. First of all on time delivery done by amazon.. packaging was so good.....fully sealed and no flaws... u will get 8 gb rom ( 1gb for apps, remaining for internal storage) and android kit kat version with this phone which was not mentioned in description pros. 1. effective HD screen in this budget 2. processor is smooth and fast for gamers and internet users. 3. camera quality is good. 4. latest user friendly android os. 5. all latest sensors are included in this like gravity, proximity, etc.. which are working perfectly fine. 6. got two extra back panels & screen guard with this phone, saving money cons. 1. battery life is not that good with continuous net usage and gaming, but with normal usage( calls and other regular functions) it is good. conclusion: I don't think U will get this Quality and features in this price range with other brands . so just got for micromax canvas 2 colors..
Bought Micromax Canvas 2 Colours A120 on amazon for my son who recently started going to college. While it was on the top of his shortlist (based on its features), I arrived at the same choice after comparing with similar phones - Nokia Lumia 525, Moto E, and Karbonn Titanium S2. My son was thrilled that the phone arrived a day after ordering on amazon.in. The phone looks well-designed and well-manufactured. It has a large, high-resolution display that produces crisp text, images, and video. Camera is awesome, call quality is good. Performance seems pretty good for games and videos without any lag. Choice of number of megapixels for images is great for the different purposes - tweeting or keepsake for example. Built-in search is good and offers hints as soon as you enter a few characters. Need to charge battery every day - runs out even in normal usage for calls, much faster with camera, Wi-Fi, and media usage. Max audio volume and ability to faithfully reproduce audio across frequency range (esp. lower end) can be better. Some operations are not intuitive (e.g. changing ringtones, deleting SMSs, SMSs occurring under messages as well as Hangouts - need to delete twice - must watch out in case of sensitive messages). The phone has been a hit at home and has caught my wife's attention :-) with its camera, Wi-Fi, ability to do live tweets and chats. Since it comes with 3 backpanels of different colours, she finds it easy to match with her clothes. The larger size of the phone makes it challenging for her to hold and operate comfortably - hence, it still remains my son's phone, not hers! :-)
Very very nic phn ...all functions are work properly....buy it as soon as possible wtout any hesitation... thanks amazon
satisfied good display, good clarity, good look, overall satified with this phone, price is good compare to samsung and nokia
nice phone .. value for money.
inbuilt apps are so strange..only 300 mb ram can be used for ather apps installation..other than this cons it's a nice phone
Gets heated very soon . Not good if you use 2 sims . Charge goes down very fast though I dont play games or browse very much
camra clearity is very good and all app is run faster but battery backup is not enough for long time whan using the any app.
Bad performance..slow performance and very bad UI as compared to the other variants of Canvas. Not happy with the purchase.
Mobile of my choice. It has all the features i wanted. I got 2 months of internet free. Only I did not like the ear phone.
Value for money offering. Micromax has to make its logo more classy. Can reduce few free loaded apps that are rarely used.
this phone has more than enough features for its price. The display is good and brighter. Battery life also good
PHONE IS VERY GOOD LOOKING, SLIM BUT BODY IS LIKE A LOCAL ONE. DISPLAY IS EXCELLENT BUT AUDIO QUALITY NOT UPTO THE MARK. POWER BUTTON NEEDS SOME EXTRA PROJECTION AS IT IS DIFFICULT TO PRESS. EAR PHONE IS LIKE A LOCAL ONE. OVERALL GOOD INDIAN PRODUCT NEEDS SOME IMPROVEMENT. SUPPORT INDIA BY BUYING INDIAN PRODUCTS
Super....excellent in sub 10k range...display is great...8mp camera is better than expected!!!! Great value for money...
Ordered it on Nov-2014 ,still working best ,no problem so far ..... Got more than i expected , Kudos to Amazon team n the Dealer . Keep it going !! Gonna recommend a lot more ppl...
Happy to buy a Indian Product, Value for money Indian Phone. I bought this phone for one of my friend.. he is loving it.
So far i liked this phone time will bring out the truth. Hope it stays in good condition for a very long time.
performance of phone is brillient in its price range but the backside micromax logo gets heat up after sometime of use.
Very nice product. I bought it for my wife; she liked it extremely. Only issue that I found is that it allots 1 GB for Apps and hence it goes out off memory for apps by and then. Since there are a lot of inbuilt apps which are of no use but can't be removed! Apart from this, everything is good for this price.
Initially I was very doubtful but this mobile is very good.. Easy to use and did not find any issues with battery usage
Yet today the phone works 2 gud. Camera is great. Internal space is not enough. Touch is also great. Thanks for asking.
i like it, nice and good looking phone in low range. with good color and features, and good discount from amazone.
Phone is awesome.Lots of feature in budget. Few cons are: Phone little bit heavy battery drains quickly
Mobile performance is good..
The product is good but storage for apps is very low. Packing was not gud it was in a bubble polythene without a box.
I have been using this product for almost 10 months now. Very nice phone for the price. Good Value for Money product.
Amazing delivery by amazon. I am able to give diwali gift to my sasu mom. Very nice phone with free back covers.
Since this was a git fo my cousin, she was extemely happy to get it and as far as my knowledge, its working vey well.
The battery drained out too quickly, had to return it. Lenovo and Xiaomi have much better options at the same price.
Mobile worth 9K. Battery back up is good. Build quality is sturdy with rich feel. Camera is ok. Resolution is great.
Micromax canvas colors 2 mobile is really worth for money....I'm highly satisfied with the HD clarity of the mobile
Good phone....meets ones expectations expect the battery life, but any touch screen phone consumes more power fast
All i can say is its top class feature packed phone for excellent price tag... Satisfid fully with amazon and mmx
Got my phn on 4th day aftr oder superb phone.. no hanging problem.. supports all high end games..
Never buy this phone..It is a poor quality. Its not even one yr and my navigation touch buttons are not working.
Phone gets switch off unexpectedly any time and battery is charged very slowly.hence i want to change this phone
well it's too good android smart phone..... It's camera quality is very nice.....thanks for this..............
mast phone high end mobile cameras are good mast speed good sound good hd screen very good looks in grey colour
You wont regret buying this phone. Very for the price its being offered at. No lag at all. You just need to have good wi-fi or reliable service provider. I have read the reviews that battery gets heater very quickly but its been a week now and I have not experienced any such major heating issues. Only if your usage is very heavy, then you may feel the back panel getting warm but its not burning. Battery does evaporate on heavy usage like watching movies & videos, playing games, surfing net for a long time and downloading. For me, its been good so far as I have not really experienced any thing major. Very very minor flaws can be ignored. No phone is perfect. If you ask me whether to go for it not- I would say "GO FOR IT!!!" :)
a really amazing phone beast in its range really happy with it but battery drains very fast....
Good mobile. Though the box shows memory card inside, but the same was missing. Even then it is a good mobile.
pathetic battery performance when you are dual SIM and tethering.. evey min you loose 2% of battery life.....
Superb clarity, good music, fastest browsing speed , camera 8mp back.....excellent product at lower price....
App Installetion Memory is very less only 1gb and headphone is very poor quality. Overall phone is very good.
The mobile is amazing. The only disadvantage is its battery life. Other than this, everything is perfect....
Its good. One thing to think was heating issue. When playing games it get heated.. Overall value for money.
Super phone. . very happy
mike properly not working
Great Phone @ Great Price
The mobile has storage problem..... Its showing insufficient space for any downloads from play store......
Mobile is good but within 4 moths the headset is not woking properly. I am wishing to go to customer care
Satisfactory performance...but fr 1.3GHz processor nd hd screen battery should be 3000 mA...overall good.
battery , look is good but camera quality is not that much good and phone get heated up when we use wifi
Very good Smart & nice phone Sir One small Request flip cover is missing Pl send me
Super phone.i got kitkat android version.over all performance is good.excellent service done by amazon.
Value of money ...some have to change options.plz provide gorilla glass to next version and front flash
Good phone but get heated up faster while using WiFi and internet big display no battery back up but ok
My dear frnds l am using this phone since 1 Week and porforance is satisfactory according to the value
The Micromax Canvas 2 is quite user friendly. Have to use it for atleast 30 days more to give report.
Very good phone..better than Samsung phones..mins lo price best quality..and SWADESHI COMPANY ALSO...
Yes. I am satisfied with Micomax color A120 and service from Amazon. Thanks, Dalvi A R
The Smart gesture features sometimes do not work properly. A mic in the keypad is nt avlbl. Ok to buy
Not bad ,but case you cheated .Didn't look at my complaint still . first do it. Then rating i will do
great buy..nice build quality and good screen resolution.only downside is the poor battery backup...
Purchased on May 25th 2014. After 3 months hard keys are not working. Worst micromax customer care.
Product is good but long time use the key buttons not working properly and the is heating around..
Provides quality features at low budget. Go for it if you plan to have low budget smartphone.
Excellent product. Worth the money. The seller is a good one. Delivery as informed by the website.
best mobile in this range..phone looks is the est part of it i love it....next is, it has kitkat and 6gb internal memory that not mention on it...betry loose fast but its ok can manage....its to slim like a iphone.....overall its osam
So far phone is working good. No problem. Looks good. Specs are excellent. No complain so far.
Good one in terms of performance and usage.. Internal memory is low is the only disadvantage
it is good but battery backup is very poor and the mobile getting heat if we use for a long time@
value for money. if battery capacity is high than this is one of the best phone with this price.
This is a good phone to buy at this price... But there are some issues as well... Pros:- 1.Android Kitkat v4.4.2 2.Good display 720X1280p, and 5" screen 3.Great camera, both front and back 4.Supports hd video recording and playing(i really liked this one) 5.Removable battery and supports external sd cards Cons:- 1.Very poor battery life(BIGGEST drawback), only 2000 mAh battery, always have to carry the charger 2.Touch response is Ok, not very good 3.Pre installed apps and games are of no use(atleast for me) and u can't uninstall them, eats a lot of device memory 4.Is a bit heavy and will create problems for those who keep it in their chest pocket 5.Not suited for heavy gamers, doesn't runs all games smoothly 6.There is a little bit of lag (not always, sometimes) when u swap between apps, but not much to worry 7.Heats up pretty quickly As for me the cons. list is bigger than that of pros. one, hence average rating.... Still I think if the battery would have been better, the rest cons can be ignored.... BIGGEST issue battery life, what's the use of a device which goes of just after 4-6 hrs of use....
mm canvas 2 colour ,8gb rom kikat version ,micromax had improves their products to very large extents , the phone is awesome with great speed in normall use , i was not try any game still so as the other gamer users says that it is best in game as i follow them in this , now comes to specification 8 gb rom 1gb ram 1.3 ghz mt6582 gpu in 8gb rom version is mali mp single core gpu earphone comes wich mm c2c is good enough and can give u good sound quality but my other ear phones are not supporting canvas 2 colour [i tried nokia earphones , se xperia pro earphones but not supported the sound get muffled ] so better u buy Bluetooth headset ,i tryed my nokia Bluetooth headset works good . screen quality is bestest can beat any hi brand phone touch response is buttery smooth can move almost ,all the app to sd camera is just gut not best both front and rear , built quality is very good looks verygood not feel like cheap phone. over all the phone is value for money last but not least battery , batrry is gud enough i think , it drains fast but if u r light user it can give u 12 hours back up as my gives me in normal use of 3g internet ,surfing of 2 hours .so i say battry is average and also depends on your uses. pros :- screen clarity touch response built quality move apps to sd signal strength is very good call voice clarity speaker sound and volume is loud and clear too. all apps work fine value for money . cons :- not able to use other earphones. battery is average not best cam quality is average no noise cancellation feature ,but call clarity is nice phone is gud enough value for money ,dont expect very much in budget phone ,this phone is lot better than other same budget phones .just buy and enjoy
wow awesome mobile at this price range. every this is good with this mobile. I am sooooo happy
Phone i fine but its bettery performance is worst, it drain 1% in one minute almost of 3g use
On time delivery. Awesome product equivalent to products of range 12k from other competitors.
Low battery backup...
value of money...but internet working is dam slow...in some cases it does not work too......
Best phone = best budget Mob is now upgraded to kitkat version 4.4.2 n its just awesome
Good to use with all the configurations of Galaxy Grand and of course at a very cheap price.
Timely delivered but its icon to switchover rear camara is not working. Pl. Do needful.
This phone is satisfactory camra is not like 8 mp photo is not very clear batery is not good
I have bought white color Canvas 2 a120 for Rs7763..... I have got KitKat Version alog with 8gb Rom, also got 1 Screen guard and 2 back covers. Now I am starting my opinion on important features one by one. Build : It has Very good build quality. Display : Crisp and clear 720p HD IPS display. Camera : Good but not the best 8mp shooter....front cam also good....flash is very effective in low light condition. Ram : On first boot I have got about 650mb free ram. Touch : Excellent touch response. Performance : Lag free performance. Gaming : Not tried any games yet...i will update it later. Battery : Battery backup is not good but it is OK.... Heating : It heats a little bit while using. I am satisfied with Micromax Canvas 2 Colours A120.....Those who are average user can buy this phone but for gamers battery may be problematic. Thanks for reading my review:).
This product very very bad I brought phone software problem I am not using return the phone
Good 1 mobile. Timely shipped by Amazon. I would like to give 5star for micromax nd amazon.
nice... received with 8 Gb ROM and kitkat version, sceen gaurd which was not mentioned here
Everything is good.But battery drains quickly, thats one of the disadvantage of this phone.
The phone is really very nice in terms of its appearance, Clarity and the Quality of the photographs and sound. The other two covers (blue and yellow) are also good, specially the aqua blue back cover. I liked the cell phone as it is having good features also but only problem is with the battery which is not working properly. First day when I charged it, it was getting hot and after removing it from charging also it was still hot. In the starting I thought since the battery is new it is getting hot but after 2 days the battery backup get lowered and I need to put it on charge 2-3 times in a day as I cannot put it on charge because it get hot and I am afraid if it get blast :P. It is getting discharged very fast which was not the case on the first 2 days. Except the battery issue I didn't find any issue till now in the phone. I would like to give a good rating to phone because the phone is really very nice.
Sound good display good but sort of apps memory only 1 gb cant install more apps
battery is draining very quickly. for 5 INCH SCREEN THIS TYPE OF BATTERY IS NOT SUFFICENT
Camera non functional and it is in the service centre since one month. No sign of repair.
This is truly an amazing phone. Very young design and slim. Good to hold in the hand. Won't go into the specs but this phone can pull off all the high end games till date. I tried playing asphalt 8 on full graphics and it worked like charm. So a good performance is guaranteed. It has 1gb for applications but there is app2sd option, so no need to worry about that. Screen looks great. UI needs improvement. Hope micromax fixes it in the next update. Camera is decent too with a powerful flash. 2000 mah is a bit low for a 5 inch phone. But then every android device has that issue. A good power bank should fix that. All in all a wonderful purchase. Undoubtedly the best phone under 10k considering the form factor, looks and performance. (:
Not good enough .. I bought it some 6 months back and started observing some problems .
Great phone..i hv got the kitkat version and new interface.. Practically it looks much better than its appearance on the online shopping apps..no lag and i m playing fifa 14 without any issue..battery back up is not that much bad as told by some reviewers.. Its decent and can last for a whole day..did not feel the heating issue..camera quality is awesome..the best phone within 10k..can go for it easily widout any doubt..thanks Micromax...
good features, battery backup is tooooo low otherways ok bad batteryyyy
Good graphics, only 0.98 Gb for apps is an issue but overall its worth your money
Internal storage problem,,,,can't install apps after a few apps have been installed.....rest everything is good........
very slow phone.phone's mic volume is too slow please dnt buy this...phone is heating
Bought It In The Month Of July Till Now There's No Lag, Worthy Product From Micromax.
Hangs a lot.. specifications are awesome....camera is awesome...speakers are good....applications dont install.. phone range is not good... worst phone in my life
I am very happy to get mc2c A120. My all staff members also want to buy the same one as they are impressed to see this one I feel PROUD that I selected this beautiful piece.THANKS alot .
Got it with 8gb rom. It also had 3 different colouerd back covers. Very classy look.
Not the best one around when you get better spec mobile like Yureka! for less price.
the best on e available in the price range but memory insufficient for too many apps
Vey nice mob at this price bu only problem is mobile sometimes hangs while charging.
I'ts a good phone at this price, you can go for it , the only problem is the battery
Bought it for my sister... She just loves this phone...awesome phone in the price...
one word AWESOME :) i got it delivered in 2 days and yes it came with KITKAt n 8GB internal storage , PLUS A SCREEN GUARD too :) i m very happy :D i have purchased it from flipkart too for my mother 2 month ago for 9K that too came with kitkat n 8gb but there wan no screen guard in it. it is awesome this came with screen guard n it costed me just 7.5K here :) ( KITKAT + 8GB int. Storage ) Everything about this phone is superb but only battery backup is not upto the mark cant complain much as it cost under 9k with HD screen . On an average day, one can get easily 3.5 to 4 hours of screenon time onmoderate use only, with heavy usage you can expect 2.5 hours of onscreen time with WIFI on whole time + game like ASPHALT 8 :) But it gets charged really fast so not too big problem :)
Good phone Mega Hight Ram 1GB Hight camera megapixel 8.mp with HD display
A versatile smart phone at incredibly low price. The touch screen works wonderfully
good one......really satisfied till date.......don't know about the durability.....
Worth for money With less money more features similar to HD A116 Micromax mobile..
One single advice to all just go for it....... Wish it had all colour pannels
MObile is good expect battery 2000 Mh battery still battery life is not good
a good product indeed. Value for money.... Thank you Amazon for bringing it to us
If u dont worry charging ur phone twice daily,this is the best phone u could get.
Almost 15 days has been passed to using this phone & i fully satisfied till date.
superb budjet for smooth users not for rough users camera, ram all are good
Every thing is good, but my phone is only one month old some time it gets stuck.
Very good product then expected .. good camera result and it has Kitkat OS 4.4 .
The product is working satisfactorily and it is a good mobile. Value for money.
This phone is good quality,for price,battery,and.operating.i m fully sutishfy .
Very bad ... When I got item it was not working. OS is not load in device.
Features and look of the mobile is good.Not sure about the battery backup..???
Its a good mobile in this range, I was little worried with brand but its good.
This phone is a good budget phone. Just some time it lags while playing games.
Good phone at this price. Really satisfied. Working good even after 6 months.
Good Product...Battery required to charge daily basis.. Ram getting full
This is one of the best mobile but it became heat quick. All thing is right.
Worth to buy. with all features, go with it. Awsome service by amazon!!!
Good one with 8 GB ROM & 4.4.2 android kitkat, the new version is excellent.
This phone camera does not work so please change this mobile with other one.
Good prodcut as a whole - good call clarity, display & build, camera is ok.
Has a nyc look.... But needs to be improvised on its touch n camera quality.
Wonderful phone.... With quick delivery...but battery backup is very low....
Had battery charging problems on receipt of item which forced me to return.
Value for money..best buy at this range.and ab update to Kitkat is possible
i have used one month. It perform well.but internal memory filled quickly.
Its gr8 product......n I'm happy tat d info in review were given honestly
nicely priced cell phone with kitkat update and good colours back covers.
EXCELLENT SET; BUT THE BATTERY CHARGE POWER CAPACITY HAS TO BE INCREASED
Phone is good . Touch slow . Battry drains very fast. Try to improve .
very Good but batree is just ok same comment applicable to memory too
Good quality and better response mobile. Battery back up is also good.
Best deal in such a price bracket. Camera for day photography is best.
Except below average battery everything is perfect espacially camera .
Value for money. Best phone at this cost. Got 2 back covers with this.
Superb phone in the price range. No lags on the screen. Works perfect.
Nice phone for that price. Cons are heating and battery drainage
Because of 1 GB Memory allocation for Apps, phone frequently hangs...
Its a good phone. Only problem is internal memory which is quite low.
Excellent mobile by micromax Take it with your eyes closed
I like this very much. I got what i expected at such resonable price.
it's higher than my expectation thank you so much Micromax and Amazon
best phone under 9k. Only cos is its bit heavy and camera is not good
It's an amazing mobile made by micromax. Really I love the product.z
micromax canvas 2 colours kitkat update http://youtu.be/DxvPEkW0UbU
Its a very good smartphone. Got very fast delivery before the mentioned date and I planned delivery on my wife's b'day. Pros: Very good 5 inch hD display, hD video recording, Fast Quod core processor and 1 GB RAM. supports 32 GB sandisk card, three color back panels, Battery does not heat up as said by other reviewers... Cons: Almost 800 MB RAM is used by normal running apps. I don't know how...May be its because of Android Jelly bean and MX UI over the top. Battery life is average, based on usage. Overall at this price excellent product...compared to Nokia / Samsung / LG...
need to recharge everytime and will become hoter when using any app
This mobile battery not run 2-3Hrs& Heting in running time quickly.
Good One for medium price Good futures compares to Black Berry
it's good phone....... only the problem is low battery charge.
I god a good price. I could have shopped it in any other Mall.
I have received a faulti product. Its not getting charged properly
Its really a worth phone in one word i can say is all in one
the phone is awesome. and im loving it. giving competition to 20k phones.like sony, htc in front of this phone nokia is nothing to this price range.. good sound quality. camera is very good ear phone ch they provided is not that much good video quality is awesome supports 1080p video recording is also good. really satisfied with this product don't waste yr money in samsung nokia htc and any other brand.. at this price point u will not get this much of function.. . :) :) but cant say any thing about durability ...
VFM product. Happy with the prompt delivery from Amazon as well.
Good phone considering the price. Has 2 GB of application space.
I'm really happy with this product. It's really worth the money!
Very good product phone is never hang and running Very smoothly
Did you all get back panels ?? I wanna buy this product...
Good phone and accessories.Good to see that the OS is upgraded.
Good product. In built memory is poor but overall good product
service is very fast and as well as fone function is also good
Mobile was awsome only battry back up is very poor
Genuine products... gentle delivery...amazon always amazing...
The phone's performance is good. Battery backup is manageable.
Only bty life and 1gb ram is problem. Otherwise phone is good.
it is best mobail phone ,it net speed very high i like it
Cool....!! Worth buying it.... !! Happy with this phone.....:)
Nice but batterys get down Very fast and heatimg is very high
its nice product & value for money. and packing is very good.
Great smart phone from Micromax and fast delivery from seller
Good mobile. Gr8 value for money. Prompt delivery by Amazon.
Awesome camera and reaolution,but battery backup is not good
Micromax, if you are reading this. take a cue from samsung on how to test your devices before shipping them to gullible customers like me. Shame on you for having wasted my time, effort and energies on your 3rd rated piece of crap which got incorrigible and observed and found to be defective in it's 14th operational hour. Wouldn't mind spending another 3 Grands to buy at least a lowly Samsung which appears to be trouble free in usage. Would never recommend your product to any one.
Gd ph,,lookng sofisticated...gd features n easy operating..
Great Phone for a Android Starter... good camera quality...
Its a very good mobile. It commensurates with price really.
Nice Phone.Ordered for my friend.. till yet no complaints..
Phone battery is pathetic. And needs to charge twice a day.
Mobile restarts automatically. Defected product by amazon.
Excellent product. Very good touch and feel of the product
good mobile but camera become very heat during vediography
touch is good. No hanging. execellent one and nice to use.
Every thing is good, except battery or battery consumtion.
Very good i bought three sets five star product
Nice mobile for this price. Excellent touch. Good camera.
it is a good one @ this price........good delivery......
good ......They could have supplied a flip cover........
thanks for prompt service by amazon. the product is good
awesome phon but packaging was just in packet not in box
Perfect device under Rs.8000/- No compromise on quality.
good product so far I am satisfied with the product
good phone but memory for app ids very low .onlu 0.89 gb
Super phone... Super product....super seller. Thumbs up!
Superb... Dont Think Too Much Trust Me and Buy it..
Great product, needed more RAM, 1 GB is not good enough
NICE PRODUCT VALUE OF MONEY SELLER SERVICE IS VERY POOR
Best in this prize. Good phone but less internal memory
Very nice and product quality is awsum! Amazom is great
Excellent service veey competitive price.....keep it up
Awesome phone it is a great phone in this price range.
Bought the phone before one month.. Pros: Superb camera quality HD display HD recording High speed Cons: Low battery backup: It has to have a nice battery with a high back up to use all its features,, but unfortunately the battery drains rapidly , which is a very nasty fault from the company... Go for it if you don't have problems with low battery backup.. Otherwise go for any other nice phone
Good phone.battery life & other features are also good
when we work with internet battery only 3 hour working
Value for money! So far working fine,at times get hot.
A great deal really..@tis price.. Giving premium features at an affordable price tag...if u r fr a below 10k phn js go for it.. Regarding the phn, performance s awesome..as the quadcore , 1gb ram n 8gb rom(new) altogether puts in a mind blowing n powerpacked performance..gaming s superb in tis phn..kitkat in newly rolling out models s nyce bt jellybean seems to b a bit more friendly as far as UI is considered..camera s gud, display is superb..bt as a cons.here ter s a poor battery backup...battery drains like anything if ur surfing or gaming continuously.. No heating issues..nothing to say as a negative,except its battery,at tis price tag... Great wrk mmx...superb phn wit an elegant appearance n premium features...thumbsup
Good Product, got it perfectly and nice packing......
I get the original product of micromax canvas 2 Color
Nise phone in low budget...but batery back up is weak
Worth for money, nice look & touch sensitive is good.
Phone totally is very good. But batrery is very popr.
Thumbs up.. Great service.. Continue this nice work..
Battery back up is pooor im so sad but system is good
very happy with yr service...... welcome to India !!!
Phone is Really superp. but back cover is a problem.
nice mobile in this price range but poor battery life
my experience is very bad phone is hanging sooo much
i get more than my expectation.it is really good ...
Battery backup is not good but phone is vary good.
Although the hardware is great, the software sucks.
battery life very poor and net not running properly
The Product is good but battery backup is not good.
Good phone. Better than what i thought it would be.
THIS PHONE BACH BUTTON IS SO HARD .AND VERY TIGHT.
Camera, touch screen& battery backup all are good.
Is it supports only 2g.with sim?? (.not with WiFi)
good phone, but only 1GB can be used to store aaps
Value for money, it's good one gazeeeeeeet.......
Its micromax, Don't compare with branded company.Low battery backup. I changed touch screen in 1st month bcs no sensitivity.
Fine and super model. but dispatch was very late.
It's very good mobile by future and Looks........
Nice phone & easy to operate,good battery backup.
Excellent mobile with all features, good to have.
Best phone in this range.HD display is very good
I ordered grey colour but I got white colour, :(
Nice phone...but camera is not that much good...
Had a worst experience after getting this phone.
Battery drains very fast. Otherwise good phone .
Value for Money. Nice product with wide option.
nice mobile. touch is good and colours are true
Nice mobile.far better than samsung Grand duos.
Suprb....one of the best phone of micromax…………
Headphones are poor. Phone is good.
Amazing phone. Its video clearity is too good.
Excellent
I bought it a birthday gift to my wife and she has been quite happy with this mobile. Earlier she had MMX Ninja A89 and she wanted to upgrade to a better one for around 10K, which I felt this is really the best to buy at this rate. Except the unavailability of KitKat, I dont see any other feature missed in MMX Canvas 2 A120 compared to this rate.
The product was great and In good condition..
micromax canvas 2 colour A120 nice cell phone
Sach a great phone.but small battery problem.
Gud phone but app storage memory is very less
It is good except battery backup and volume .
Design and Battery is POOR, rest all is great
The phone is simply mind blowing. Also got some unexpected features which were not listed wiz. 1) Instead of 4gb Rom it has 8gb of Rom 2) Also instead of Android Gelly bean, it has KITKAT. Most recommended in this price range. The display is nice and quite decent. And lastly hatts off to Amazon.in Service. Amazon simply rocks!!!
Funtastic product,funtastic sevice of Amazon
Good product, 10% cash back not received????
Actual experience will come after 3/4 months
Excellent product Good value for money.
I like the product. It was worth purchasing.
Everything is good but battery backup is bad
Wonderful product at the best possible price
Ordered this for my sis. She just loved it.
Satisfied with what I have. Very good phone
Condition is good & also battery backup....
Good!! Bought it for Mom.. she liked it! :)
What i have expected it is completed thanks
I am using this Mi A 120 I rate it as good.
This is a great buy. Real value for money.
THE WORST MOBILE EVER I SEEN M IN MY LIFE.
hanging sometimes, very low battery backup
phone is heating like iron after 15-20 min
very good product with excellent delivery
Good product. No issues in last 4 months.
Very nice cell according to my experience
Decent phone. Camera is not good though!
The product is Amazing and Amazon rocks.
More than expected from Micromax in 7500
Nice product by micromax n thankz amazon
only problem is high battery discharging
Great mobile in this price range 1.3 GHz quad core processor 1 GB ram 8 GB internal memory 5 inch display 32 GB external memory smooth, responsive touch 8 mp + 2 mp camera 720p display what else is expected ? Great value for money.
Its working fine... Nice battery backup
Nice product..good deal from amazon. Using it for last one month without any issues. Giving 4 star just because back button sensitive is not so good. It might be for the product I have received :((
I didn't like this product by micromax.
Gud phone...thk u Amazon for best price
Every thing ok only battery problem....
Good packing ..worth for the money paid
Nice phone, but only one desktop screen
The producy is satisfactory. Thanks...
Nice mobile set,economically best one.
Very nice mobile in reasonable price.
VERY GOOD PRODUCT FOR THIS PRICE RANGE
Very nice phone in performance manner.
superb one...photos very good quality.
Quality product. Super fast shipping.
Superb phone... Value for money.
Yes, It fulfill my expectations......
nice performance.. only battery issue
One of best mobile from canvas series
Phone is good, but heat very quickly.
i have ordered today now i check what
Thank u Amazon..For my lovely phone..
Really nice product with its pricetag
Class performance , value for money !
good but pic quality is ok type.....
great competitor at its price range.
nice mobile.camera clarity very good
very fast delivery, got the product on 2nd day itself and this was the latest variant with 8 GB ROM and 4.4.2 Kitkat version This phone is value for money with amazing performance. This product came with screen guard and two back panels.
Very good handset and good service.
Jst go fr it. No second thought !!!
Amazing phone . good video quality.
nice cell, really lyk a lot........
Little Heat. But ok... Worth buying
good one...consumes lot of power...
Battery is problem Very low backup
fine,great expierence with Amazon.
nice product ...... fast delivery
Unexpected good product. Love it.
Product is ok, but camera is dull
Worth each penny. Buy it blindly.
Good product. Good Camera Clarity
Very nice .i have no any problem.
Best phone to have considering the price. Easily comparable to high end phones of other brands. Good value for money!!! Completely satisfied with the product. Fair delivery time by amazon.
Best Quad Core , HD display, 5 " display, 8 megapixel (Better than Samsung I9500's 13 Mega Pixel Camera), 1 gb ram @ this WOW price. Superb Multi tasking. Excellent phone reception. And swappable Color panels.
Its a good phone.value for money
real valueable item of our money
I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS MOBILE
Excellent phone for the price!!!
gud phone,,unbeatable perfomance
good ph but internal meemory low
Within a month this had to be sent to Micromax customer service due to faulty screen buttons. They returned it after complete one month and still the problem is not rectified, Micromax customer service, yucks!!.
Quick delivery and good product
What a phone with great feature
Micromax mobile nice.very somrt
Phone was supurb worth for 7000
Need to improve battery back up
Super mobile with Good Price...
Super smart phone..im loving it
Battery Backup is completely not good..however mobile reviews are good..coming to battery life is not upto the mark. please don't go for this mobile as battery is not giving even 1day also...
Geat phone, good battery life, camera very decent. Phone is fast also, no problem with the games. Overall a great buy.
Best handset in ur budget and two more colour back cover make it beautiful. Excellent service of amazon. I got it in two days.
We'll. I've been using this for over a month now. First I would start with the downsides. Let's say, this is a pretty impressive phone from micromax, which I am surprised to see the quality of phone. There is no hardware related errors in this. Yet, there are minor glitch with the software. Which, you can completely forget if you are not a heavy, graphic intense user. The kernel, has a bug in it. Which is responsible for battery drain, associated with gpu. If you use for normal tasks, you can't even tell it's there. If you transfer files using wifi direct, you have to download an app for it. Since it doesn't have built in app for it. There is no other glitches which I found. Now the good parts. And I don't want to bore you with much details on this. Good performing Chipset Vivid,sharp and bright display Good camera with near to perfect AutoFocus Decent battery backup. Solid and this time, satisfiable build quality Sturdy materials. Verdict. For 8.5k, you are getting some state of art features from micromax, which I seem to enjoy. So give it a try unless you are in requirement of Lenovo P class battery backup, but great performance nonetheless. The kernel glitch might be going to be solved in the 'scheduled kitkat update' said by micromax. Let's hope that's gonna happen. Enjoy your phone.
Pisa vasul Nice phn Good features at lower cost... . . . . . . . . . . .
The Camera quality is at its best loved it!!! Overall experience is gr8!! Awesome!! The mobile is very capacitive and user friendly.
This phone is really good but if you want genuine and good product on time then donot purchase it from Amazon. But it from Flipkart. If you purchase it from Amzon you will never get it on time else delayed by 3 -4 days .. and no gurantee of product ....
Very colorful and trendy mobile. And comparable or even better than Canvas HD which ruled 1 year back but at even lower price. Good job by Micromax. Still comes with old model headset which is the only thing I don't like with Micromax. Please make in-ear headsets.
It is a wonderful phone I think It's cost should be around 10k. Amazon's services are very nice and policies are transparent. Keep it up.
All good except battery backup
good phone at cheaper price...
just awesome no complaints yet
Amazon...dis phn iz amezing...
Very Good Experience I like it
Abt amazon Delivery : got within 24 hours. Abt Phone: Brilliant Performance Con: Very Worst Camera Clarity even they mentioned it as 8MP . Is it ? I think the clarity seems 2 MP only .
Good mobile with lower price.
It is a good quality ........
Very good aateactive features
Excellent mobile......!!!!!!!
Very nice smartphone. You advertised it is jellybean& 4gb ram but it is really kikkat 4.4 & 8 GB ROM thanks to amazon.in Below Rs 10000 it is really worth buying compare to samsung
I bought this phone one month ago in 7500 rs. Since then I have been using it. Really very nice phone. It has 8GB Rom, 1GB Ram, 8MP back and 2MP front camera. Display is really very clear and bright. It has 4.4.2 OS and has App Permission functionality through which I can set the permission of the downloaded apps. So even though apps have got all the permissions while downloading it, I can again manually set permission. This is really very nice feature because whenever we download apps they ask for permission which are not necessary for that app. So now I can override that permission. Because of the quad core processor games run very smoothly. Sound quality is also good. I keep my wi-fi on for whole day but still battery lasts for 24 hours. Only if I keep my Bluetooth on then it starts draining quickly. Before buying phone I had checked many android phones of different companies but only micromax offers in such a low price. All other phones with this specification are around 10K. So if your are thinking to buy phone with this specification you should buy this. You will not be disappointed.
Firstly i am a mobile geek i have a350,a250,a117,a116,a114,a110,a120 i used many mmx phones bought this also but i didnt like it much, so will only talk about the cons Cons - drains battery a lot the phone software has some bug(will be solved in the kitkat update) build quailty is very bad open the back cover and c for yourself that if it falls once its gone mmx is just trying to bring the price down n down by lowering the quality instead i would recommened buying mmx unite 2 8gb with kitkat for 2000 less than this u get a same configuration but 5 megapixel camera and 4.7 inch screen, rumours are they are launching mmx a120 with 8gb rom and kitkat if u want to buy this wait for the new launch i bought this for 8650 recently the price dropped to 8k so watch the price also if you are buying this for selfies's i dont recommend this handset the front camera is very bad you cant even c yourself clearly in daylight my view is go for other handsets of mmx not this
super
I am not getting the product
battery back up is very good
Amazing mobile in this price
Very Nice Phone in micromaxx
good phone.buy it every one
Batttery pickup is not good
GOOD PRODUCT FOR THIS PRICE
good phone for students....
Smart phone, Good features.
Its really nice and phone..
Nice (Phone+price+service).
Good phone in this category
Very poor batterylife......
I am happy with this phone.
All of you know about its specification and pros. but i m telling you the truth faced by me 1.looks great but heated so much in 2 min. of surfing or gaming. 2 camera stopped some time when sd card no inserted. 3 back panels are gets permanent stains by hand. 4 hangs while using youtube with wifi 5 700-800 mb of ram always used by system and cause you afraid of hanging. 6 lowest battery backup i have ever seen on any smartfon 7 not good for gaming because - heats very much and quickly high ram consumption by system do not show any signigicant performance by GPU internal memory is always full 8 if you use it while charging it will burn your hands and with wifi also 9 doesnt have search option in music player so you have to scroll down songs one by one untill you reached their Over all gud fone in specification but real life experiance is different so DONT BY THIS MADE IN CHINA CRAP SHOULD GO FOR SAMSUNG OR OTHERS THEY ARE DOING WELL. THANKS.
Good phone with less price
Buy it online and Save 500
Nice phone at good prices.
Amazing budget smartphone.
Nice Phone at lowest price
Got for it no lags at all.
Very good value for money.
Nice product from Micromax
Nice phone... Great Display and camera quality!!! Also Looks are pretty good. came with Kitkat pre-installed and 8 gb ROM. didn't expected that.
Best phone at this price.
Worth phone at this rate.
Battery back up very poor
best phone in this range
So slow in playing music
Battery back up not good
Amazing. Wonderful phone
Its really a good phone.
Received the item in just two days n packing was very good One word for the phone Simply beat grand 2 OTG SUPPORTED
good
The phone i received had a defect in its display...the bottom of the display had a blackish shade which was visible only when the screen was made complete white.. But thanks to amazon they refunded me my money... Pros of the phone:- 1) Mind blowing Camera..never expected such camera at such low price. 2) Superb display clearity...it gives you the full hd feel also feels like a led display. 3) Nice audio clearity. 4) Smooth phone operations, no lag whatsoever. Cons:- 1) Worst Battery life...you can see it draining in every minute.. 2) Very less call volumes... if you think you are lucky enough to get a good working model and can find a high mah battery of same size then go for it..
Its really good piece and working better I am very much happy with the features Quality of the pics also very good
A battery eating device
Nice to buy the product
A nice sleek phone.....
Good phone. Camera quality is very good. Good performance.battery backup is not good. Otherwise I would have given 5stars. Good seller
Camera quality is good
its superb,outstanding
Very nice phone..worth
Truly value for money!
Meet my expectation...
Awsome n great product
not very good but good
This is truly an amazing phone. Very young design and slim. Good to hold in the hand. Won't go into the specs but this phone can pull off all the high end games till date. I tried playing asphalt 8 on full graphics and it worked like charm. So a good performance is guaranteed. It has 1gb for applications but there is app2sd option, so no need to worry about that. Screen looks great. UI needs improvement. Hope micromax fixes it in the next update. Camera is decent too with a powerful flash. 2000 mah is a bit low for a 5 inch phone. But then every android device has that issue. A good power bank should fix that. All in all a wonderful purchase. Undoubtedly the best phone under 10k considering the form factor, looks and performance. (:
Excellent Perfomance & Great Screen 294 ppi, if u compare this phone to micromax A116 Canvas HD (which is very costly like 15,000) then this phone has same specification 95% matched....then why we would spent 15k instead of 8500k....This phone has great display quality & camera quality in this range....quad core processor with 1GB ram....u can even play gta san andreas android game which is 1.5GB size game.....This mobile xomes with 2 extra back panels of 2 different colors...so don't worry.....u can play HD videos without any lag....I would recommend this phone to all buyers who wants to buy 5 inch phone under 9k...go for it.....FLASH LIGHT is so powerfull also....great camera picture capture quality with tru colors...Thanx amazon
It's very coooooooool
very poor bettry life
This phone is amazing
Nice and Smooth Phone
very beautiful product , display colors are very vibrant , viewing angles are good , received 8 gb variant with already updated kitkat version , battery backup is good it stay for two days with zero brightness and 1 hour use each day , there is led notification it blinks with every new message , email , what's app arrives, camera clarity is very good better than grand 2 , no lag no hang , super smooth , little bit heat is there but not feels you uncomfortable , everything is perfect , i am completely satisfied with product , i love u amazon for the product you have provided and your services and delivery is also perfect reached before time
excellent one.got kitkat.very good camera.HD display is also excellent.got before d proposed time.thnks 2 amazon..
This phon is superb.
Very good phone.....
nice phones & thanks
best value for money
A good smart phone at this price..... heats little bit..... rest is ok..... camera quality is very good...
I had ordered this phone from Amazon on December 3rd 2014. I got this after 3 days from the date in which I had ordered .Thanks to fast delivery of Amazon.The phone is awesome. Great display, excellent camera, one day of battery backup. The only con I had found in this phone was less storage for apps and for 8gb kitkat version, the different smart gesture features was not available though it has been available with 4gb jelly bean version. Some of the customisations are absent for the kitkat variant. Except this I was fully satisfied with this product. Once again thanks amazon for delivering this wonderful product.
nice phone under10K
Superphone at this price i just started to love him so i dont nomoreabout this but it is supeeeeeeeeer
Great Product for a low rate. + sides > Android Kitkat >8MP Camera, 2MP Front Camera >HD Video Recording >1GB Ram & 8GB Rom >Very Fast >Dual Sim >Battery is good - factors The ram is 890MB. So after installing many apps, "No SPACE"message come. I solved this by uninstalling unnecessary apps & games. I also moved some apps to SD card. The internal memory usable is 5 GB. If we use internet, battery don't last long.. After all a good product. Thanks Amazon.
Better than elanza
Value for money...
Got the best price
It's Nice handset.
I, Seriously suggest to grab the piece before its too late. The phone comes with a KitKat 4.4 updated version not the 4.2 JellyBean as mentioned in the description. It works with out any lag. The touch is decent enough if you haven't used the phones like HTC One x etc... It would have been more attractive if the icons were like stock android mobiles but that's not an issue. I've returned the Micromax Canvas A1 Android One and orderd this piece because of its competetive features like 8MP, 5'inch screen and greater pixel density and last but not least the battery 2000mAh.
First of all the delivery was smooth.. I got this phone for 9549/- Pretty good price. Pros. Hd resolution . Full Hd video playback . Big Screen . guaranteed update 4.4 . Good Battery Cons. U will only get 877 mb of free space for app installation . Camera performance is poor when low light conditions and night . Flash is also not good . I will recommend it to all have tight budget . U will get nice display resolution and. Good ppi. Go for it. Internal memory is low Keep it mind.. 
Very good product
Product is good..
love the micromax
I love this phone
best product 4 me
Amazing Product..
Gud but not great
Superb Phone Ever
wow......delivary is very speed...this is 4th day im using there is no problem at all,no hanging,..batery is good. cam is xcellent>> the design is very very nice..looks like xperia z ..>> i surprised that its a 8Gb rom+4.4.2 kitkat+screen gaurd are given (which are not mentioned in a website) ...its an (AMAZING) phone from micromax canvas.. and special thanks to (AMAZONE).in because amazone only provides least price (8640) comparitivlely from others>>>>>>>>>>>>>
i bought it bt after a week its display having a number of lining..... it is so annoying....... battery drain out very fast... hardly lasting even for a day (in normal use)... recommended to hav a portable charger.... although this is the best phone in this price having good camera clarity, smooth surfing, no lagging problem, screen clarity is awesome, other than that it have the otg function, you can use pen drive, and also keyboard and mouse. wish hardware should be long lasting,,,,,,,
I got this mobile in Amazon. I liked the look and feel of the phone. Performance was good. Camera was not bad. However, the phone gets heated up very fast near the earpiece and within 3 mins usage of just voice call I could nor bear the heat. During wifi and 3G internet usage the phone becomes very hot and cannot take it to the ears when you get a call while surfing or gaming. I am looking out to buy another phone
touch quality so bad software problem camera so so sound quality poor never recommend
Quite good phone but there are some problems with this phone first it has very low space for apllications only 0.89 Gb which is very sufficient and the second thing is that whe i upgrade the jelly been version to kitkat version some of my useful apps got disappeared like kingsoft office and smert gesture fascility of mobile is also got disaapeared And it's internal memory is also very low but new arrivals of this phone has 8 Gb rom with kitkat version. I got kitkat version but how can i got 8 Gb rom. Plese help me.
I have Canvas 2 colors(A120) (3 weeks) , and Canvas 2.2 (A114) six months i think a114 is better than a120 ... bcas in last 6 months a114 is working very well , not showing any prblm and better camera is also.... but my new a120 in three weeks it stucked 11 times i can't power off or reeboot . every time i removed the battery then reboot it is going well .. may be the next day the problem is repeated .. just remember i am not heavy user ... it's camera is not 8 MP it is like a 4 or 5 MP Camera
Good in function
Nice mobile good
Hanging too much
Very nice mobile
very nice mobile
Avg performance.
It is nice phone
Pros are very good but these are Cons Bad sensor Heavy weight Heating on charge and on playing high end games High sar value high radiation u can't use this phone for a long interval of time if u do so then u will have head ache and eye pain Low internal storage for apps Touch is not good Design is poor No gorilla glass Poor front sensor Should be amoled full HD and 1.5 gb ram but it is not. But according to price specs are enough
Value for money
IT is very nice
Value for money
product is dood
Economic mobile
It is very good
Good one.......
Lovely Product.
Very Nice phone
very good phone
value for money
camera clearity
Very good phone
Value for Money
Value for money
Value for money
very nice moble
not bad phone with hidden problem - Micromax A120 Phone is really awesome in range of 10k. All necessary features are there and working fine except internal memory. This phone is sold saying 8GB ROM but, only 0.98 GB for apps. How can anyone use this mobile? After installing few necessary apps like FB and Whatsapp, phone memory get full. WHAT RUBBISH... Plz do not buy this phone unless you get solution for the internal memory problem...
satisfied...:D
Nice phone....
Nice mobile !!
working awesum
Simply Awesome
evrege product
Good and cheap
Must Phone hai
The phone was awesome in all the way... amazone given me the best. phone is performing like bullet no dought in it. but i am little bit upset that i have to pay prize by debit card. amazone delivered the products i have ordered before between 2-3 days but this time they took 6 days to deliver my package. i have got 2 free backpanels (red,green) in box and screen guard, with android 4.4.2
Awesome Phone at a grab away price ( 8395 rupees only) . I would like to tell that although it isn't written in the description of the product, the phone i got was running on android 4.4.1 kitkat and had 8 gb on board storage.. But only thing i don't like is the color of additional panels(seriously yuck !!) But believe me guys white color is worth it. It looks much better than grey one.
Super phone !
Good1..worth.
good features
good product.
awesome phone
Vry nic phone
good futures,
good product.
A good phone.
This product with similar specs is being sold at 2x the price, by other known competitors. If you are not too brand conscious & looking for a great smartphone with ALL required features, then go for it ! I simply love this product as it can run all heavy applications with such a great ease & that too on a 5 inch HD display. 8MP camera is equally great. Simply WOW.
good product
Poor battery
Good product
good product
good product
GOOD PRODUCT
nice phone..
Nice to use!
Good product
Nice Product
Good product
Satisfied ..
Hi everybody, I have bought Micromax canvas 2 colours a week ago. I was new to smart phones. So somebody please suggest me the best ways to handle the device in issues like apps, battery maintainance, and all. Which games would be good? Can i install the games from EXTERNAL SD card? Thanks in advance
mobile good
Great.....!
nice camera
Good mobile
Good mobile
Super value
Awsome!!!!!
great phone
It is good.
good mobile
Good phone.
Received the product yesterday. It worked fine for few hours but suddenly speaker stopped working. Rest all features looks very good. I suspect the product piece was defective. Please let me know if any one else faced similar kind of problem in this set. Amazon return policy seems very helpful in this regard.
A simple feedback on A120.. Good phone with Android Kitkat,equipped with 1GB RAM But Compass apps are not working And also GPS is not working and not much accurate comparing to phones in the same range. Overall a best buy if you are not looking for above features,,
I have bought Micromax canvas 2 colors A120 from amazon, my experience is good for this phone, but its battery back up is not well,,,,which is not good. My problem is that phone back button is not working properly so please if anyone buy this phone ,kindly check properly between warranty period.
I received the mobile.... but battery is flunking.... :(
Good phone
Awesome ph
Superb one
GOOD PHONE
very good.
Good phone
Its good..
nice phone
Not bad..☺
Gr8 mobile
good piece
Nice phone
Good phone
GOOD PHONE
good phone
good phone
I would have given 5 rating but recently i have faced issues in the speaker. When i played some songs, i have started to observe humming noise. It clearly means that speaker needs to be replaced. Rest specs and performance is Good. Screen clarity , size and weight is perfect.
Deliver the Product on time,Micromax canvas 2 colors is really worth and camera, Touch screen,I loved it so much I compared this product with others but, i didn't find this spec in other mobiles so i ordered it, Even I recommended this mobile to friends those who are looking to buy :)
Phone is good for this price,good display,looks,camera,connectivity. Not received the Kitkat update as promised,main and serious complaint is that i am not able to contact the customer care,none of the numbers are working,Micromax pl look into this.
Very good
excellent
i love it
beautiful
nyc phone
nice deal
fantastic
Worth it.
Very nice
Bad phone
i love it
GOOD DEAL
Excellent
Wonderful
Wonderful
Very nice
ecxellent
Very good
nice sets
excellent specs ..not only on paper/screen...but also in real..using this one from last 7 days....working very smoothly..no problem with games..net speed..sensors..excellent picture & video quality..very much satisfied with this one and from amazon.
i was also confused before buying dis phone about its heating up.still i bought it.Its ok with heat up.u need not to worry about that.but battery drainage is little bit faster dan any other micromax...still u can do trust on it.
This is the Product for which i was looking since very long. It provide me best quality in very reasonable rate. Five persons have purchased the same product nearby me when I introduce the function and quality of this phone.
good one
Very Gud
GOOD ONE
exellent
Nice one
nice one
its good
GOOD ONE
Its good
its cool
Its good
Subject tell every thing... Great resolution, Very nice gaming experience... High speed downloading. Only disadvantage is Battery life same problem for every android phone it should be more than 2300 mAh
This phone is very nice and simple. Design size camera screen clarity sound touch all is good. But have a major problem phone storage is very low. So we can't install more softweares. Its an major problem
nice product.battery is very good.even after 24 hours,the battery stays at 94%.only problem is overheating while playing games.if you are looking for a nice phone at low budget,than i recommend you this phone.
Recommended seller shipped on time and original item, but the item is worst, worst battery back up even the display clarity is not good although being hd display. SO item not recommended. Go for other brand
i like service and nice phone very good and Good phone in this price range Good job by Micromax. phone becomes very hot and cannot take it to the ears when you get a call while surfing or gaming.ssssssssss
Battery was worst. I have to charge this phone every 8 hours. So I returned the phone and got Samsung Duos GT7582
First tym unhappy with Amazon regarding this product. The product was found defective. Leaks dust particles into the screen and front camera
why not 4 star.. coz.. delivery time is perfect, low cost, working perfect and easy touch.... the only cons is too much heat if i play games and make call for longer period
I find that product has all those things which we generally require ,more over it fits into your budget completely. I had compared it with other brands also but this comes out of that like star.
This phone is perfect in terms of its design and performance. The one and only thing that affects is its battery backup, which is nice but if you are heavy gamer and net addicted then not sufficient.
I bought this from somewhere else @7358, great phone at this price point. Camera is superb in daylight. Noisy in night. battery drains fast. This is main drawback. also facing problem that subway surf an templerun are not running. Screen jus show blue color. any one can advise how to fix it
Nice phone with good looks, decent display and absolutely value for money, but the battery on the phone is a huge problem. Does not last even 24 hours even if low or medium usage. MX certainly needs to rectify the battery issues on this phone!
I m using it since june 2014 . and it is good for playing games only. My mobile has a problem of camera as it always shows cant connect to gallery when i open my camera. And after servicing it again shows the same msg. So use ur brain before buying
Don't go for meaningless comparisons with the ones priced 5000+ extra bucks. If you want all the android smartphone experience(or even more!) within 10K bucks, don't even think again! NB:- Battery charge and heating issue is common for all android smartphones if you use high end applications. It's the same with this too. In my opinion 2 - 3 hrs less battery life is not at all a matter to worry about in this price range as we have battery banks available in the market as cheap as 500 bucks.
I bought Micromax Canvas 2 colours A120 (White) through Amazon and the service of Amazon is excellant. I am satisfied with this phone. The only problem is that, there is no flip covers and screen guards available in the local market for this new phone of Micromax.
camera is not so good at night sound quality is perfect heating problem for 1 week bcoz processor are new charger pin sucks...
Gud phone..only problem is battery back up. Software updation is not yet available.camera is ok.asphalt 8 Game runs smoothly.heating problem.
Nice mobile..best value for money..stylish smooth n wide design..go with gadgets guru merchant in amazon..should be convince with camera..cant take clear pics if objects moves little bit..moto g also have same issue but that is 14k
Best value for the money.as every other day new phone models keep coming .you can always keep changing rather than buying expensive phones.it has got big screen,bright screen,considerably fast ,only disadvantage is the camera is very sadddd.
*****Never ever Buy this phone very bad battery backup and lacks Ram customization only 180mb ram available for your apps and data. And when you install facebook clear memory status start coming.
Super!!
amezing
Awesome
awesome
awesome
Amazing
Awesome phone !! Surprised to receive Kitkat 4.4.2 as preloaded and ROM as 8 GB Very light and fast. Best phone with best features at this price !! 100% VFM
Very heated and amazon sell old modal of colours2 A120 in same rate now in market new modal of colours 2 A120 with 8 gb internal storage and android 4.4.2 kitket version
dis is bakvaas mobile phone, I m bought dis phone 15 sep 14, and battery back very low, now i m facing hanging problem, so I m not suggest purchase dis phone.,,
Superb
Superb
good 1
Superb
Awsome
Within 3 months of purchase, it stopped working. Amazon people declined to replace/refund and I had to visit Micromax's pathetic service centre where some 50 people were sitting to get their phones repaired. I was returned my phone after 3 weeks. However, after about 1 week of using, it again went blank. The phone declines to even start. Hopeless Micromax and its service! Indian company selling cheap, BUT compromising on its quality. My phone is sleeping in a corner and I have wasted 9,300 on it.
BEST AVAILABLE PHONE IN THIS PRICE. WORTH BUYING. PERHAPS IT IS THE BEST PHONE MICROMAX LAUNCHED TILL DATE. MUCH BETTER THAN MANY SMART PHONES OF SAMSUNG.
Good Mobile Beautiful Looking Nice touch Battery lasts for 10-12 Hours with normal Use Satisfactory Results but i need more covers :)
slow to respond. keypad problem. it is defective. avoid buying. brightness and vibrancy of display is low compared t others
Fast delivery by amazon gud. This is the best phone in the price range no complain abt the phone. Gud work by micromax with the camera
super
Nice.
Best.
super
good.
osm phone but poor battery backup, a big no for those who do not charge their phone often. but otherwise a good phone.
Wich is best phone between canvas2.2 and 2 colours ( i need no hang and lag and good performance)
NICE
Nice
good
Good
good
nice
good
Good
Good
Good
good
good
nice
good
NICE
nice
nice
Good
nice
Good
Good
good
Good
Nice
Nice
nice
Good
Good
good
Good
good
good
good
Good
I am happy with the service provided by Amazon, however not satisfied with the quality of the product. The touch is not working properly from day one. When I press one button, the letters on other buttons are getting printed. I am now looking for an authorized service centers
Phone's camera is good . But lack battery back up . Have to charge it compulsorly twice a day .
Very good phone at this range. Specs are nice. Delivery of the product is very fast.
*****never ever buy this phone micromax canvas you only get 230mb of user ram . Pathetic
The product is so fine , with good timing of delivery, the features are also so nice
The instrument is worth for but the battery requires recharge every now and then.
The product was good and all the accessories were completely packed with invoice
Cell phone is good but damn heating problem is too much. Phone heat up frequently like a fire ball. Touch is not too good. Camera qlty is also not good. So plz i recommend do not buy this cell phone.
May i know what is the Gift-wrap available by buying the phone please anybody reply me...!!!! Is their any net offer they giving.. if their is giving any net offer for this phone tell me which sim have offer..
Gave it a 3 star because of low battery life and only 1gb device memory
micromax canvas 2 colours kitkat update http://youtu.be/DxvPEkW0UbU
Gud
Battery charging drawn very quickly weather we are using the phone or not. so without battery backup this phone is waste and also its temperature always on high
Good mobile..nt any heating prblm..bt battery sucks....only 3 hrs use after full charge....if u want battery back up then i will suggest gionee m2...
batterry's tempreture going hugh& High while using net.
AweSomE phOne..& it ws dlverd 2 me within 5 days..
Excellent Cell Phone. Easy to use. Great in look.
OK
Excellent at 7.5k.....no words to say....
nice phone but internal memory is less
a little les user friendly. passable.
good features and services of amazon
very bad about product and amazion
Very Good buy @ this price range.
yes.......it is awesome mobile
*****Really awesome. *****
I ordered my mobile through Amazon and I received my mobile within 3 days. This is really appreciable. Thanks to Amazon. My bad luck I selected Micromax instead of branded mobile. Service is really poor. Unfortunately my mobile fall down and screen broken. I had visited service center near Marahathalli (Bangalore) on 5th Jul 2014 and till now (27th Jul) it is repaired. I can suggest people before buying micromax please visit below website.
very good product
Good Experience.
average product
good product
Wish there was a cover designed specifically for this phone to make it easier for carrying it around as it is a little too wide for the palm. Some kind of a cover with wrist strap may be?
super thing
There are many deficiencies in the handset. Needs improvement. I had wrote to Micromax Customer Care about problems with features of the phone and suggested some ideas. No response from them. Sorry state.
As no one micromax inbuilt apps are working. whenever i tried to open, it throws an error message "Some error occured".. really frustating...
Bad bad device. Bad camera. Bad screen resolution .bad battery back up. Find just wastage of money on buying dis
Best in class phone with HD display, 8 MP camera, HD video recording, slim design, good battery backup.
Do not even think of buying a micromax phone...do not dare
Good
When i opened the handset it's good but the packing was not good the packing was the risky part which i got bad experience from amazon.handset lags as a new handset sometime it lags in playstore or when browsing in some games also then i return this handset today to amazon then see what happened the seller is doing either they are return are something else.
Phone is good but its camera result is so bad, also vga camera result is best than This Phone.. i suggest that dont purchase.
