B00KD8B6GG
I didn't get this from Amazon, but here goes the review: Lumia 630 has a number of advantages going for it, but the first thing that struck me is the aesthetics of the device. It's like looking at the next iPhone C. The device has no skeuomorphic elements (like fake leather stitches of brushed metal finish that's actually thin plastic) and it's a single piece of PC shell that wraps around the front bezel. The back is beautifully curved with a bold sharp edge on all sides that makes the side profile of the phone surprisingly thin (and is a good design choice). The plastic is however a little creaky at times with the rest of the phone but dirt and grime wipe off easily (I got the white one for myself). The front is pure black (thanks to ClearBlack technology) and seamlessly blends with the black bezel which makes the device seem more worthy than its price (add to it Gorilla Glass 3). The display size is pretty optimized for one-hand use, as is the size of the phone itself. Coming to the performance, the quad-core Snapdragon 400 flies through most tasks, the limiting factor in some cases being the meager 512MB memory. But they are sufficient enough for versatile uses and I could hardly notice any lags in my day-to-day use. Battery life is moderately good, and gives a days run at single charge. The charging is however, painfully slow. The display produced good contrast and rich, vivid colors. The one area it lacks is the run-of-the-mill resolution but that's granted for a budget device. Reading books (in Kindle) was an enjoyable experience, as was watching a movie. In some intensive tasks, the device does get pretty warm, but not hot by any means. Camera quality leaves something to be desired for (coming from another Lumia), but for the budget Android demographic should be pretty terrific. I personally never used the flash that much and I don't find the omission that glaring. Nokia also cut some corners by omitting the two-stage camera shutter key and hardware buttons. While I'm in great displeasure with the former, the latter one performs as good as the physical ones I had before. Another thing worth noting: you'll find the lack of a ambient light sensor much more frustrating than a proximity sensor, because the display-off-when-put-to-ear works like magic. As for the software, WP 8.1 is a significant improvement upon WP8, and brings some parity to it with iOS and Android (the device packs Lumia Cyan firmware out of the box too). Action center is the one feature I found myself using the most, followed by Battery Sense. Xbox Music/Video still look like unoptimized pieces of bloatware, but at least they're updating it bi-weekly. Live tiles work flawlessly, as do toast notifications. Switching between the two networks (of the two SIM cards) is a breeze, and is very organized. The option of saving apps to the memory card is welcomed, too. In short, this is a phone you'd desire if you find yourself looking at the boring app drawer all day. This is a very modern, stylish device that has a lot of points going for it, the least of which is its attractive price. The downsides are of course the ecosystem, lack of Google services and a front-facing camera (or maybe the camera flash).
if u need a daily life smart windows phone..then u should definitely go for it....its amazing...never hangs....play games nice camera for casual clicking. awesum price and a smart buy.
Cool phone to use and with a minimum budget ...user friendly .good charge back up .... excellent features from RAM to everything..Full satisfied..Can buy this without hesitation
best phone under 11k in the market for windows based phone..it performs well in multi tasking thanks to its 1.2 Ghz qualcom processor and also camera is also good even in night clicks..it comes bundled with good apps which makes it perfect companion...
World Class Feature and Performance Touch : 5 star Sound : 5 star Screen Resolution : 3 star Performance : 4 star Battery : 4 star UI : 5 star
Purchased my lumia 630, two weeks ago. I had a-nearly-great-experience with this phone. Pros- Fast OS. Win 8.1 is truly amazing Good touch response Good camera Premium look n feel. Cons- No secondary camera Overheating while gaming/multitasking Expected a better battery from nokia, although it lasts for a day easily. Some app features doesn't work well if they are moved to sd card storage. And also in my experience, there's also been some trouble with network and internet. Sometimes the network goes down n it never comes bak without restarting the fone. Really uncomfortable. Some of the apps doesn't work as expected compared to android counterparts. May be it will be fixed in their updates, as win phone 8.1 is fresh. In an average, a feel- good phone which gives absolute value for your money.
Windows phone  are better than Android in speed smoothness and many more features. Why to buy 1. Dual sim 2. Windows phone 3. In built office apps 4.superb camera  . Don't hesitate as it is 5mp, better than 10 mp of any other company. 5. Fast internet over Android Cones 1. Front camera 2. Flash, though you won't need it Best thing Best in class for the price tag.
"i am writing this review after buying 3 lumia 630 for me and my friends" IN BOX: nokia lumia 630,battery,charger. NOTES: this is windows mobile. it has its own positive end and negative end.don't expect to get all features in Android in this. PROS: best user interface a good camera at day time good call quality nice camera apps good processor faster USB transfer speaker is loud enough SPECIAL FEATURES: cortana ,bing vision search,music search,here map,office,project my screen. CONS: worst camera in low light less RAM but enough for day to day use less apps in store Bluetooth transfer is very slow removing memory card is very tough very bad design only work properly with the compatible Nokia headset no front camera and flash
I have been waiting for a windows phone and was debating whether 630 was good enough. Now that I have bought it and am using it, I think its more than adequate. The voice quality is superb. I also found the HERE maps extremely useful. Another feature that is good is the dual SIM. Great product. The ability to add a card enables me to have extra storage for my music and files. Initially I was sceptical about the 512MB RAM and wanted more. Now using the product, I do not find a limitation. This is awesome and kudos to Nokia and Microsoft.
I would actually consider giving this phone a 4 star rating, but if you bring in the price factor, then this phone is great value for money and that tips it off past being just a 4 star device. Build quality is decent, and form factor is excellent. Battery backup is pretty good as well. Lacks a front facing camera and flash for the back, so if you're looking to use your phone as a regular camera, you might find it lacking at times. But nevertheless, the back 5MP camera is really good in good lighting, and does manage to make a half-decent job in less lighting. The OS experience matters the most, and it brings in a first class and fast Windows Phone 8.1 experience. The app store is getting more mature as well. A good time to be a WP user.
the mobile is really good !!! 1. The screen is nice but little black edges are clearly visible. 2. The apps are less but they are of better quality although improvement is desired in easy to use and langauge support. 3. Voice support is not there which is desired at such competitive market. 4. Here maps are good and they are offline the best part. 5. Camera is awesome in daylight outdoor pics but not good in dark areas. 6. Voice clarity and signal reception is good well I am using mostly it in indoor places. 7. Not a game lover but most of games are running without lag. 8. The phone really never hangs on 512MB amazing !!! with 16 gb samsung memory card but with 64 gb memory card it was like hell not a single application was running smoothly, why?, whey they say it supports 128 gb memory card. Wasted my hard earned 2000 rupees for that memory card. 9. the design and features are good, pretty slim phone, but missing the camera button on right edge. 10. most of the famous apps whats app, facebook etc are running without lag. 11. A flash is desired in the camera for better pics in the indoors 12. Can play most of the video and audio formats but improvement is needed in the player apps for .dat files so that we can play the movies directly. 13. Much better than laggy android phones. 14. the default storage sense, music(audio player) app is not good so i down loaded other "files" for managing files. 15. Mix radio is good. 16. live tiles is great 17. with 4.5 inch screen it is easy to hold and grip. 18. the screen is protected by GG3 but highly vulnerable to finger prints smudges. 19. if not require flash and front camera go for it as it is the best phone with that price tag and great brand nokia lumia, does not look cheap while holding.
The new NOKIA LUMIA 630 is the bst phn i have evr seen WITHIN the budget of a student belonging to a middle class family.... It is the 1st trustable model to provide Windows 8.1 in a considerble price..... BT THE ONLY 2 DEMERITS OF THIS IS 1. IT DONT HAVE FLASH IN THE CAMERA 2. IT DONT HAVE PRIMARY CAMERA (NOT AT ALL SUITABLE FOR VIDEO CALLING) BT ITS 5 MP Secondary camera gives awsum clarity in day light....
The sound system was crashed down in day 2 due to which I had to return the piece. Its completely a nokia problem. thanks to amazon refunding my money..
I placed order for the phone on 28th January 2015 & received the same on 3rd February 2015. The phone has started malfunctioning within a month of delivery. THe problem is that when a call is made or received on it, The voice totally breaks down & nothing could be heard on either side. The call has to be disconnected again and again hampering communication. I have tried using different SIM from my Airtel one but results have not improved. SImply hate Amazon and its products.
Except the 5MP camera and no front camera, there is nothing I can complain about. The screen is brilliant especially when I compare it with the 520 and 720.
Excellent phone for the price in which they are selling, except the LED flash and front cam. However, facing issue with Nokia account and unable to login due to Network error. Hope to get it fixed soon. And to mention about, Amazon - Trustworthly and reliable!! Struck with Amazon for a while now and dont feel like ordering thru any other website.
This phone has a serious heating problem and bad battery backup. Even if you talk for 10 minutes on this phone you can easily feel much heat. Battery backup is pretty bad even on standby, with data off and the phone on standby you can easily loose 10% of the battery every hour. This means the total standby time is 10 hours only.
Windows 8.1, Action Center, Apps to SD are just mediocre features which don't appeal much. Looks and live tile display are the only relief! Don't buy if you are an avid music lover because there's no equalizer. Got in a deal for 8499, 1200 lesser than the original price. So, worth the money for the WINDOWS EXPERIENCE.
an ausumn phone from nokia in a ausumn price... what 2 say bout d speed ..u know it's a quadcore guy..so power of a rocket.replies a second after d command picture clarity and bateery back-up relevant 2 other smartphones in dis budget..No 1 can beat it''''' A FUUL PAISE WASOOL
Received a demo phone from amazon. Scratched my head for a week trying to understand why there are some basic options like setting up phone lock password and some other stuffs not enabled...the contact list having some unknown names in it...which u can't remove...and all such weird stuffs...then finally took it to nokia care...where the guy asked whr did u get this phone from...it's not meant for sale...it's a phone used for demo...thts why demo version is installed in this.. Wasn't expecting such experience from amazon...Thanks to nokia care who atleast reinstalled the fresh software and now it's working fine.
I own this for past 3 months, and so far, I'm LOVING IT! Before anyone takes a "fanboy" impression, let me clarify that I was an advanced user on android platform for a long long time. I juiced the max from the droid, seeing it change from gingerbread all the way to kitkat (but via Cyanogen, AOSP and a couple of other ROMs that were available for that phone), so I'm being unbiased in my review. Before you buy the device, ask three questions to yourself. 1. Are you buying a budget phone with fast and simple UI being a priority? 2. Are you ready to PAY for apps, instead of scam off the pirated ones? 3. Are you ready to get adjusted to a new UI? If you answered yes to the three questions, look no further! Windows phone 8.1 update 1 has brought the OS to a new level! From an OS point of view, it is light on the hardware (heck, I never had any crash or hang on my set, but I did have a bit of lag issue which was resolved after the recent update) as well as the battery (assuming you dont opt for developer preview, as they are still buggy and not release worthy YET, so occasional updates can reduce it a bit. Not the case with the normal update channel though! Works like a charm). A common cry about the platform is cry for "no apps", which I believe is stupid. You will find ALMOST all of the USEFUL apps or at least a replacement app to fill up the time the actual ones get ported. In point of games, however, it is not the same. Though the scene is rapidly improving, the games collection on windows platform is still pretty bad. But you have the ones like Asphalt 8, PVZ, Cut the rope, Temple run series, and a bunch of other popular titles. Coming down to this phone in particular, here is my review: Build: BRILLIANT build quality! The phone feels pretty good to hold. Everything fits on nicely. No funny sounds on normal stress. The phone feels a tad bit heavy, but not that much to worry about either! The plastic body feels well built and strong. I've dropped the phone on the road during heavy rain and it survived to tell the tale without even a scratch! Frankly I was very impressed seeing that! Performance: One thing to remember is, IT IS A BUDGET smartphone, not a gaming phone! As long as you remember that, you will never be disappointed! In fact, you will be pretty amazed with its performance when compared to most droids in its price range (9k when I bought it). The Snapdragon 400 provides a good overall performance, and though the 512mB RAM may feel low on paper, it is more than enough for pretty much all the tasks you throw at it! Gaming on the device however is DECENT at most! Asphalt runs without a lag after the last update now, but the detail level sucks! Its a compromise they made. So if you will be gaming more on the SMARTPHONE than actually use the "smart" functionality of the phone, look elsewhere. However, if SMARTPHONE is what you are looking for, this is DEFINITELY worth a look! Software: Other than my view about the OS mentioned earlier, some other noteworthy packages that come pre-installed on the phone are: Cortana (The virtual assistant. Trust me, she is SUPER useful! If used properly, can greatly improve the productivity! Fell in love with this one!) MS Office (With Lync and Exchange for the IT folks to be connected) Nokia Camera package (A whole bunch of "lens" you can use, each having something unique!) HERE maps, off-line maps storage with life time free navigation (one of my fav part of the phone! The lock time is <10s!) MixRadio (free for a month, has a subscription plan after it. Really cool app to get customized playlists from REAL USERS rather than program suggestions) Camera: It's no secret that Nokia was leading the industry when it came to mobile camera! Luckily the same continues for this phone as well! Pretty good image quality from the 5mP cam. However, it doesn't come with flash. The lowlight photography is a bit terrible. Don't even dream about clicking photos at night! But if you are gonna click pics when the world is awake, you will be smiling a lot with the pics it clicks! Another thing missing in this department is no front cam! If you are selfie addict, fret not. You can use the "Selfie" app from Microsoft (was known as Glam me before the recent launch of 830) to click selfies from rear camera. It worked surprisingly well! However, if you wanted to use the phone for video calls, sorry about that. You should look at other sets available at this range. Display: If you want the technical details.. as mentioned above, 4.5" screen, resolution of 480x854 (~218ppi, which frankly is pretty sharp! Is fair enough for most of the usage scenarios, except when a page has really small text. It sucks in that scene. The colours look pretty decent. Watching videos on it is a decent experience, but dont think about dumping 720p movie collection. More suitable for watching youtube vids or other online streaming services. Battery life: Well, for my usage (wifi and GPS always on, brightness 70% ~5 hours of whatsapp/FB/office mails, 2 hours of music an hour and half of gaming, 2-3 hours of speaking on the phone) it leaves me with around 40% at the end of the day! So as far as I'm concerned, I'm pretty satisfied!! One more thing to note is that I keep my location tracking and step counter on too. Music: The loud speakers live up to their name. They are amply loud! Haven't heard any crackling of any shrill noise in the playback that I've seen in other phones which are this loud or louder. Music playback on earphones are satisfactory. Nothing that great, nothing that bad either! If you are an audiophile (even partly), keep no expectations from this phone. Calling and network: Given we are talking about a phone, it is obvious that even this point be covered. Though a dual sim phone, it is a SINGLE STANDBY set. So while you are attending a call on one sim, the other one is as good as useless! That is the only one, but a major issue about the dual sim feature of the phone. If you dont expect much calls to come on both the sims at the same time (home and office sim), not really a problem. Call quality and reception is flawless. Nothing to worry about here in this department. All in all, this is a great phone and as an ordinary user, I'm VERY satisfied with it. Those of you who are hoping to install cracked apps (it is a crime, refrain from doing so! support the developers!) or custom ROMs (none exist, it is a tightly closed environment) will be disappointed though. But those of you who want a good smartphone which is affordable and at the same time is feature packed, this should be your choice. However, visit some shops and TRY the phone yourself! Reading reviews is helpful to only filter down the number of options, not the adviced way to make selections! Go to a retailer, try it out yourself, see how well you agree with the review you read about it when you compare it to your interaction with it.
i would like to share my personal experience with this phone. well the phone looks sexy, loudspeaker is good, camera is mediocre, windows 8.1 is amazing. now microsoft has direct competition with apple after acquiring nokia. we all love windows in our laptops and desktops, now is the turn for portable devices.and who says windows dont have applications ??? lastly you wont ever feel that the ram is 512 mb really the software is so nicely optimized that there is no lag at all . for example is can run asphalt 8 with no issues whatsoever. just rock it and ya one more thing sound quality is too good in earphones believe me.
awesome phone.......1st time users,android users ,I agree you will require some time to get use to the windows os........but its ultra smooth & convenient UI..........go for it.....
I am loving it...excellent phone, with good features. By now, every smart phone user knows that though these gadgets have many more additional features as compared to the older gen simpler phones, BUT, some of the desired features (like different profiles (of ring tone, combination etc) that were useful for office/meeting/night/market etc..) that were provided in the older phones are missing in these phones. But overall, good phone.
Very good quality .. extremely happy with this phone. Highly recommended. enjoying one drive and other connectivity features. Very good processing speed.
For the price point, this phone performs extremely well. The camera is great for photos during day time. I personally do not need a front camera. Never use it, as a matter of fact. Missing flash does not deter me from taking the Nokia brand. The processor makes up for everything. The feel is crisp and smooth. No visible lags or stutters. The supported games perform extremely well. Battery life is good, but could have been better. I absolutely love the offline navigation in the maps feature. Saves on a lot of data. Internet Explorer 11 is awesome as a browser, but needs to render the pages as it goes and not wait for the whole page to load before showing the page. 512MB RAM is sufficient for the phone, coupled with the Quad core energy efficient processor, creates wonders of sorts. SensorCore works well for fitness apps. Its quite accurate too. I absolutely love the phone and the mostly genuine apps in the Windows store.
It really completed my all needs. Dual SIM, 3G, Big screen, Best screen touch, perfect typing experience, Unlimited Music, Other Multimedia feature. And it is best cost. I am really happy to have it. It has some drawbacks, like No flash and front camera and 512ram. If you want a good camera and wanna play games, then it will be hard to use. But if you have a normal usage like mine then it is perfect for you..
Nokia Lumia 630 is one of the best phone under 11k.with dual core processor works very fast.finally it's not the good better but the best.
Very good phone. Windows 8.1 has improved very much and very good new features. Only problem is flash. Front camera is not so useful (for me).
Not expected such beautiful and user friendly interface with zero lagging on multiple tasks. I can't say much words but I loved it.
Everything that you need, it has it(except for Front camera). Period. Don't think twice. Great phone. Great work by Nokia !
Full marks regarding the order. Though packaging was not satisfied but no problem with the order. Got what I asked for.
Finally one more rival in <10k budget.. Qualcomm Quad core processor, Lumia Cyan (out of box), dual sim, big screen, decent camera.. what else you can expect. It deliver the best. Unlike other phones from micromax and carbonn, it has everything standard. Windows OS is smooth and fluid and doesn't hang. With 8.1 its more awesome then ever. The touch buttons are on the screen and not separate as in lumia 625,720 and 820. But work perfectly. Some people might think that it has lack of some sensor but believe me, it doesn't affect this one and this mobile work perfectly. Unlike android the OS is decent with no fancy thing here and there and no showoff.. feels professional.. windows store is flooded with games.. go grab some and it will suffice you need. Overall decent bargain and a perfect phone for one's need in 10k bracket.
Bad service from Amazon! I came to you since I am working, at an Out-of-the-way place. My company sent me to this place with a company SIM, hence I had to go for a dual SIM. Your service said 7-10 days for delivery, that I accepted. However the Gati transport co. Refused to hand over the package at the Office address that I had given. I was asked to travel 60Km to the nearest town to collect the package. Bad service Amazon. If you cannot deliver at my address - tell me that it is not feasible. I will then go elsewhere. coming to the Lumia 630. I owned a lumia 510, so I thought it would be a seamless upgrade. The 510 had taken time to learn but the lumia 630 was EQUALLY a steep learning curve. The bigger size hardly helps as the screen starts 1 cm below the top and finishes 2 cm above the bottom. This 630 heats up and is uncomfortable to touch to the ear. I go to speaker mode because of the heat but voice quality suffers.It is extremely sensitive, there is no nokia 'flip top' available hence I have to gingerly put it in my pocket with the screen outwards. Some of the features are an upgrade over the 510 hence there is some relearning required. On the plus side the processor means a faster response. Apps can be downloaded without a problem. Just check out your data pack/ wifi settings prior to downloading.
hello mates,after using this phone for 25 days i am writing this...so it vl be quite helpful for u all... this phone nokia lumia is quite good only, i have used android for 3 years...so i have decided to switch to windows now.. !! i wasted couple of weeks to select this brand n this phone..i personally want a phn which can provide a good battery backup, a better camera and perform multiple tasks without lagging...!! according to me this phn almost meet my expectations ..battery backup is truly good i can say...charge it for 2-4 hrs in night n it vl give u back for complete day with continuous using of wifi n ur mobile packet data.. In short this is better for those who chat alot on whatsapp ,fb,bla bla bal....ultimately windows 8.1 comes with a lot of features so design n everything is classic i can say..!! i dint test dual sim facility till now..but i knw it wont be a big thing after all its nokia guys..!! cortana is superb !! here r some pros n cons... PROS- 1)battery- 8/10 2)design/display- 9/10 3)voice clarity and sound- 10/10 (better than i expected) 4)camera- 8/10 ( v can use multiple lens with a single click...n quality n apps like nokia focus makes alot of difference while clicking, it can give the best quality pictures) 5)bluetooth- normal 7/10 6)wifi- 8/10 CONS- 1)the only thing i dnt like abt this phone is it gets heat up sometimes ...like if u use ur phone while charging...or u play games continuously. secondly its SAR value is little high 1.5 i think ...compare to other devices...so ur phn gets heat up while on calling sometimes..or while using 3G/2G net...this phn comes wid quad core processor n only 512 mb ram...so this might be the reason for heating issues..but anyhow its normal i think...!! 2) no earphones n data cable... 3) no front cam n flash... over all this phone is good only...:) if u want a good battery backup phn...go for it...!!
Great price. I tried to purchase from open market but the price difference was about 1500 Rs. Thanks amazon.
The phone had no issue with packaging or delivery it was good. However, the phone that was send was a Microsoft demo phone. This is not acceptable. We have already placed a return order for this phone. It is a inconvenience. Kindly make sure such mistakes do not happen. Seller was MobiGenie
I have been using Nokia Lumia 630 (Dual Sim) phone for almost a month and I am very happy with the decision I've made. Frankly speaking I am not a gadget freak (I change my phone once in 2 years) and prefer buying phone's more from a utility perspective than whats trending in the market. I am fairly surprised by the features & applications of this phone, specially when connected to a wifi network. The Nokia music store is amazing. The camera is good, could have been better with the flash in it. The processor is really quick and switching from one app to another barely takes any time. For the price its definitely value for money. The battery does not last more than 9-10 hours, if the phone is used extensively. But overall I am extremely pleased and very satisfied with the phone.
This Phone is one of the best in its range .No compare with any other phones. Fantastic speakers DSLR control camera this means that you can play with the shutter speed, light, focus, white balance and all. Very crisp display Good battery life Go for it ...
I bought this phone for its unique interface and product design, which is stripped to mere essentials. Am kind of a person who often forget routes, in that situation the HERE Maps app really comes handy, which works best on Lumia's own platform(Its available for Android aswell, but still requires data for location, whereas on Nokia its can offline, effortlessly.) The apps are somewhat low, but i have all the major apps in it already. People waste their lives looking in their phones. It lags somewhat because of its RAM, but if you're closing the background apps as you switch, it won't be an issue. Mix Radio, Cortana, Health Steps are some of the other apps I love on this phone.
It is a very good phone for this price range. the Screen size is comfortable, for it sits in my pocket easily. The weight and build is optimal, for it is not too heavy or light for everyday use. I am most impressed with 'Windows phone software', unlike the android which sometimes feels like a poor imitation of IOS with its icons, zooms etc. The window software feels like it has been reimagined fresh from ground up. As a previous owner of Iphone, i can vouch the windows software feels fresh. The phone itself is a tad slow, but then is good enough for everyday use. Can highly recommend if someone is considering a smart phone but at a cost effective price range, and carries it in his shirt front pocket.
reallyy good phone why all of u going for motorola (moto g,moto e)like i would say motorola service center are worst i would say that go for lumia its really fast and fluid eco system os never hang at all recently i bought lumia 630 iam love it and amazed all apps are really available for free in windows store and in service support i surely tell that nokia is one and only best service support in the world and also well experianced in mobile field almost 35 years go blinndy to lumia phones and amazon service support is really gud and fast customer support far better than flipkart and snapdeal really gud iam totally satisfised with the product and support of amazon and a nokia
We got delivery on time but the handset is defective . It does not catch signal properly.We showed to nokia care and they did something but problem remains the same. I am not happy at all we are unnecessarily engaged to repair it
It looks great to me. The GPS through HERE DRIVE is terrific, camera is also quiet good. But as we know, there is no front camera, so no selfie. The lumia selfie app is definitely not the best selfie producer here. It hangs sometimes, especially during calls. In general, it is slightly slower than the android phones, and Microsoft continues to provide poor apps for Google services like mail, drive etc. However ms office is bulit in, and that is far better than kingsoft office. Sound quality is very good, so is the video displaying quality. If you are read to use microsoft products like IE, outlook etc, this is very good phone for you. Batterywise, it is very good.
I purchased this mobile four months before. Again nokia made me to applause its product. Full customer satisfaction. They give what they promised. I fetched one star out of five star due to limitations in windows phone. There is no flaw in this product. You can not download anything in background. Sometimes it pinches me that it does not have flash facility in camera. but overall performance is commendable. No hanging. Even my child pour water on my mobile again lot of claps for robust construction of Nokia. No problem at all. I have used android phone also but that didn't give me satisfaction. Good job Nokia !!!!!!!!!!
It was looking for a phone for almost 2 months and searched many websites and visited many stores. Finally decided for LUMIA 630 considering my uses and found the best deal on Amazon. The phone is just amazing best suited for my work. I wanted to be connected to my gmail, Outlook and social sites (FB & whatsapp). Beside this there are so many good features. I think being a windows phone I can do my office work on this and dont need to carry my laptop all the time. My son loves to play games like TempleRun2. Beside this I think the shape and durability are good compared to other brands.
The OS, , response, touches voice clarity, network signal , sound, interface, battery backup all are beyond excerpted level. But if you are a music lover then it disappoint you. No equalizers! Sometimes it heated up. Lacks of wp apps. It has no antivirus, mobile security etc.. Microsoft claims it don't need security app. I have no idea about windows phone security system. For indian users no Cortana, live folders. No wifi transfer between other platforms. Can't synchronization google contacts. I think Microsoft will overcome all this issues
Nice mobile phone with very attractive price . Win 8 works very nice . Previously I was used to android phones , so I was little bit afraid . But once I use this mobile and its features I was very much satisfied now. The win 8 apps are also loaded with this phone which gives an added advantage and you do not have to search here and there. Navigating from one to another is also very easy . With dual SIM , I think this is the best phone in this price range . The only disadvantage I could make out is no front camera and on magnetic sensors .
The phone is good for the price range it comes in. Most of the things are good and would meet anyone's expectations. So sharing cons only here: con: 1) lacks flash as mentioned in product description. 2) phone can hang sometimes -though generally that is rare. 3) it heats up to some extent. But with so many optimizations in the product - like data saving browser apps, people app and with various other wonderful applications (including inbuilt ones). You surely won't be disappointed.
Runs smooth.I have been using it for the last 20 days,till now the phone has shown no glitch whatsoever! :) Looks killer...(I have the white one).Cam quality-Frikin' Awesome!!Video recording is also okay. 512 mb RAM is enough for running 8.1...and those who think that windows phone don't have enough apps on their store,lemme tell you that windows store provides sufficient apps for its users...Of course,you don't get to change your launchers and everything once in a while,but actually you don't need them.
Nokia Lumia 630 and Moto G (1st Gen) have same hardware - Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 400, Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, GPU: Adreno 305. While, pixel density is lower ~218 ppi and 630 does not have front camera, Lumia is faster and more efficient. I use both daily with 3G and WiFi. There are multiple mails running all the time and I am a huge data user for office purposes. Having said all the good words, I like Android 4.4 over Win 8.1. I would have preferred a few more features in Win 8.1 (not just apps).
Within 20 days of the purchase - The speaker stopped working. When the call comes - no more ringtone sound. Really unhappy with the product. Returning back to amazon.
mobile is good with Skype integrated features, but i didn't understand one thing, why the heck there's no front camera? i wanted call recording features to record calls that too is not there in the phone. In windows there are no good variety of apps to use, compared to android. This is my first smartphone life and i believe i made a mistake, i should have gone for lenovo or micromax! This can be called as basic smartphone but without front camera it doesn't come under that category!!!
Don't consider 512mb ram, flash and front camera. The phone is excellent in processing speed. The camera is excellent even at night with out flash takes great photo. Nokia camera applications are very good. Word, excel and power point are the advantage. Whatsapp is working fine. HERE maps is what I needed. at Rs. 7200 its the best phone to buy. for e-mailing-facebook-whatsapp smooth functioning, as a gps device, as a gaming companion, taking photographs and great battery life I am just loving it.
A decent phone (Windows 8 OS, Gorilla Glass, 8GB internal memory, built-in MS office and good performance) for a competitive price range. Recommended for those looking for a functional smartphone without burning a hole in your wallet. Don't expect top-of-the-line features, but most users who use their phone for email, office, whatsapp, music and regular browsing/social networking won't be disappointed The phone doesnt sip with an add-on Micro SD card, so had to buy one separately.
It's gr8 to use Nokia lumia 630 (Dual Sim). The Apps are also cool, So u don't miss the Androids.The Clarity of the phone & the resolution is also cool.The battery life is amazing. The only draw back is it doesn't have a front camera. If u want gr8 music then this may not be an ideal choice. You can go for Sony Xperia for music.Although some times the phone hangs but all in all a gr8 phone & good value for money. I recommend this phone specially for business minded people...
Slow processing.... Screen takes quite some time to reappear after a call. However..very hardy, excellent sound quality, and amazing battery life.
Its a great phone. Recommended couple of my friends to buy this phone. The only cons with this phone is it doesnt have a front camera and a rear camera flash. Otherwise a wonderful product in the form factor that it comes. Its comparable to an iPhone. A lot of people have mistook this phone for an iPhone and am glad I got this product.
Build quality is good Screen is acceptable but not competence Good collection of Nokia apps Value for money Good audio
Mobile is not bad..but there is some problems while call and skype call. Its screen goes blank when i touch on the screen while calling.
I ordered this phone with a hope that it will makes my social networking easy and i am happy to say its an awesome mobile phone , though android users may find this lil complicated but if you are new in smart phones world then it will definately surprise you with its super speedup operation and design . The camera is also too good you will fall in love with lumia camera apps . I recommend this phone to all technology freaks
great phone. good display clarity. dual micro sim. voice clarity is good. using with 3g internet , no issue. battery backup is also good, with heavy use it last for the day. it doesn't have light sensor so brightness adjustment is manual LOW, MEDIUM, BRIGHT. in medium setting it display is redable in sunlight too (without sunglasses :)) no dedicated camera button. camera clarity is good. no secondary camera.
Excellent functioning, However gets bit hotter on use for some long time May it be requiring some more improvement in the Battery.
This product is working fine and good quality also. The concern is the display is not clear. The look of the icons in the display area are not looking smooth and bright. I am comparing this quality with the my Nokia 820 model which is crystal clear. Otherwise working fine and price also reduced. So I am giving 4 star. Not purchased at amazon but at different (my regular online seller) seller. Writing the review here.
I got the phone about 3 weeks back and been using ever since. My first smart phone. No issues so far. I like the Mix Radio. Most of the important apps are available in the Windows store as well. Love the style and finish. Touch is buttery smooth. Good Battery. Lasts me 2 days for my usage. The Tile approach is something I really like. I got the phone with headphones. A great phone and I am absolutely loving it.
GREAT PHONE WITH GREAT LOOK TO MAINTAIN A DIGNITY AND AWESOME FEATURES AND GREAT TO USE AS PC . IT IS VALUE FOR MONEY .
i was purchased nokia lumia yellow dual sim, all are perfect but data cable missing, can you please send data cable agianst my nokia lumia order. if i purchased directly they are ready to give with data cable, charger, ear phone. But first i was purchased online in amazon.in, i am not satisfyed with this purchase. thank you satish 7386749396
Its touch vry smooth , really if u r looking for a good phone then go for it..... & its work highly speed...
Pro: -Nice Phone -Excellent UI -Nice Battery Life -Good Performance Cons: -less n low usefull free Apps available in windows Store for music n video, file manager apps, utilities,etc. -Bluetooth is a headache: Everytime u have to Save the incoming files if not then it simply removed or discarded. And no other app is available for it.
I have been using this phone for last 6 months, and this is very good for those who is looking for value for money phone and love Windows. Very important and useful feature is Here map/drive which is from Microsoft, you can use without internet connection to find the way you are going. Pls go for it Nokia Lumia 630. Batter life is good, compact, and good speed. Thanks
Its my best experience of use windows phone ! After neglecting it's minus point (no front camera, no flash etc) it is best phone! I haven't faced hanging problem even when phone memory is full! Camera  also cool.. And phone is very smoothly works . After my one month experience I can really wants to say that this is a very good phone. Thank you amazon!
A Great Product from Nokia... Only Cons is a flash light and at least a front cam... Nokia should work on it... Excellent Battery as compared with other stupid android phones of this range and in 1830 mAH battries... 512 Ram doesn't makes any difference as its equivalent to 1 GB RAM of Android... Though I use Android too.... Windows 8.1 is amazing and best part its secured and paid from Great Microsoft... Idle for Office and fun purpose... For the only cons mentioned above i am deducting 1 Star otherwise its 5 starts as a mobile phone in 8K range with Dual Sim....
if you dont take too many photos and want an awesome battery life for your daily usage, and ofcouse, light on your pocket, this is the phone. dont even think about anything else. i bought a 32gb micro sd card to store all music and apps and videos. The OS is just amazing. i dont understand what the fuss is about with the lack of apps on windows store. almost all major apps and games are there. The color options are also good and dual sim is the cherry on the cake. Yet to see a single lag or a hang. 512mb ram is more than enough for simple functionality.
Purchased the product two weeks back, its good for the price range. Quiet tough to get apps since its windows OS, however I am happy with the product as I didn't expect much. Battery back up is good, it stays alive for 2 day with minimal usage. I would give 4 stars for the product as I just liked it.
At this price the phone is great. The UI is good. Nokia could have given a front cam also. Good enough phone for my daily usage. One more thing, I received this phone after the promised date of delivery, I would suggest amazon to improve its delivery, since in my case it took an awful long time (15 days from Mumbai to Shimla)
LUMIA 630 is good phone in windows platform.But it doesn't give big satisfaction because it not posses a front cam and flash.I bored about the 512MB RAM.But the NOKIA CAMERA gives a wonderful experience in day light.Even Better than other high range phone.At this time i prefer to anyone Lumia 535 because it is perfect partner
Excellent Windows phone. Pros: 1. Windows , so no lag unlike android 2. Build quality is good 3. Display is pretty good and so is the gorilla glass Cons: 1. At this price, you need a selfie camera 2. Sound quality not that great, although good for the price.
 Unbelievable price (Nokia Lumia 630) I bought it this week nice to work...sure to purchase  this phone from amazon.com and compare to other shopping platform...and delivery is good, inside of the box ok...(things) but no screen protector...My rank is a) good b)better c)best Ans be(st)ter total I'm 
Nothing new to add about windows 8 or Lumia 630. Both are great, much better than android or iOS. However I received a single sim version when I paid more for the dual sim. Didn't exchange since I noticed that after setting up the phone, and didn't need a dual sim anyway. But didnt expect this from Amazon.
This is the first smart phone for my FIL. With in a day he could get familiar with major functionality. Switching from a basic phone he finds it lot more convenient for some of the things like sms and email. In this price range it is a very good phone. No lag and with in built office this is a great phone.
Many time it is going to be hanged during processing.I don't think it as a good product.
Good phone with all facilities on such low cost............thanks amazon for such wonderful delivery............ picture quality is awesome......i m fully satisfied with this phone but have given only 4 stars because of heating problem while talking...........otherwise phone is as per expectation.......
THis is a good product though it is lacking a Flash and a front camera which by the way now available to lumia 535 . there is a problem of network as well . suddenly the call drops . thats why its just a ok phone at this price . DOnt buy this when Lumia 535 is already in the market :)
lumia 630 is an awsm phone in the range of 6k.no doubt there will be sn other better option cz its performance and quality is great but if u can spend more than go for lumia 535 which should be made in 2015 cz which handset was made in 2015 is no touch issue so go for 535 if u want to spend 7k..
Value For Money Thing Con Flash front camera Pros Good Look Average Material At This Price Good Ram Is Sufficient because of Quad Core Camera Quality Outstanding Perfect Handling Clearity Of Screen Good Use Of Color Per Pixel Is Outstanding
Simply awesome mobile in this budget. Processing Speed is very fast & also I didn't get any problem in gaming with only 512 MB RAM, so it will not bother you. And about Amazon- I think now they give the fastest delivery in India. I got this product within 3 days by India Speed Post.
Nice Handset, very Comfortable Handset in Windows Mobile series, very light in weight, real fast processing. However few areas it need to work on like full support for Social Apps like Whatsapp. Its good deal if you are looking for a Windows mobile with Dual sim and in a range of 10K.
As I started using Lumia 630, I was impressed initially. Moving from Android WP 8.1 was refreshing. Battery life is really good and the hold of the phone on the hand is also good. Even with 512MB RAM, Asphalt 8 was smooth. Graphics rendering is really good and the black backlight makes the display a beaty. But the dual sim management for Data connection seems not to be working at all. Even after we switch off data for the second sim, it gets automatically activated. We need to set up a data limit to stop the unintentional data connectivity. Would request MS & Nokia to resolve this at the earliest. This is very annoying.
Awsum phone but the earphone is not dere with d phone thats not fair. They have to give the earphone also
Awesomely Fine.....just go for it....nice cam clarity...slim and handy to use...
lumia gave me an amazing experience when i startd usin it for d first time...it has got good display to go on... i suggest android users to go forth witout hesitation if u r plannin to buy a lumia phone..!! u'd find All d necessary apps to go with...amazon services are great..!!!
worst service from amazon and defective model from Nokia with ample of bugs....
This phone is superb 'camera is awesome;lots of apps are available. I brought this phone at amazon 3 days before everything is better than android but the battery doesn't work longer. That's working 7 to9 hours .i don't know what the reason but a awesome phone Good.luck
games run smoothly in this fone and display is flawless its sound clarity is very good and clear and it shows only 3.33 GB free as it is shown that its internal memory is 8gb and I'm disappointed with its touch. its touch isn't that good but its OK for this budget.
Just allowed the phone to do all the necessary updates that it wants to as soon as you open it! I suggest doing a factory reset after this update process so that all unwanted old/new files are removed and the phone is fully upto date with all necessary files.
The mobile looks Robust. it has the typical feel of nokia. no problems yet. I basically bought because i did'nt want that extra crap which i hardly intend to use plus so far nokia has kept its tradition. A man with extreme badluck has to visit nokia gallery.
Package delivered before estimated time. No complaints regarding Delivery and Package. . Mobile is working smooth, Power backup is not bad. But battery charging is very slow. Light weight and back panel is weak like Chinese piece.
It occurs sim problem.. It cant catch network.... Mainly for sim 1...
just what i wanted..... this device is made for Apps.. :) I prefer to go with "Nokia Lumia 730 ds" becouse : >No compass (Nokia city Lance Not Work) >512mb ram (sosme Games not work)
Best phone  with no issue and much better than android. Having all the essential apps and would provide u a great experience of photo,video  and documents editing. High quality games and much more. Just go for it !!!!!!!!
It would have been better if you include one hands free as I did not receive any hands free/ear phone. I had received only the mobile set including battery charger. To avail smart phone features hands free/ ear phone is highly required.
Not user friendly.I have purchased this item assuming this is good product.but it has not worthy for the price i have put.Regular basic phone of Nokio 1100 upgraded to colour and having small feature of Windows.This was not expected.
wifi not supporting. A sim card slot is not working. Other features are perfect. But I am not satisfied. I want to replace my "lumia 630" with a new one. Please help. It is my request. I am trusting Amazon.in.
Nokia Lumia 630 is awesome phone only one thing i am getting missing in this is that Nokia not provide data cable along with this model . So it get difficult to transfer data for that you need to buy new cable for this handset
overall its good i like it but i thing i want in this product is secondry camera and system memory consuption in increasing without installing new app and some time whatss app is working slow this issue face after 8month
Nice experience over all. Only draw back I saw, it don't recognize new SD card and to get it working I need to reset the phone and all is well. 2nd NO front facing and flash, After sing this for while i feel its must.
This is best phone in Nokia Lumia 630 .IT has great experience in windows 8.1 phone. It has no drawbacks about its price .the camera  quality is best with 5 mp  .and thanks to amazon for fast delivery in my area.
Very professional looks and built. No lags. Great performance. Probably not for 'Apps enthusiast'. though i did find all the apps i needed and even more. Very entertaining and useful phone. 100% recommend it.
Even though it was a brand new phone I had issues with it as the ringer speaker wasn't working and since it was under warranty I got it replaced but such issues should not have occurred in the first place.
Well, this is the best window phone you can get under. 12k. Since screen touch is 4 on 5. Fast processor, and I love window ecosystem as it so responsive. Apps can be transferred from phone to SD thanks to windows 8.1. Although no flash, but camera quality is good ( hd and 30 fps video recording). Overall a great buy.
Please let me know is Head set is available along with handset? Also update where to register to get a free handset after buying the handset
Wants cutting edge like Lumia 520 which looks vibrant. upgrade RAM to 1 GB, and full resolution,wants dual camera for Skype. flash for camera in nights photos shoot.
good cellphone and trust of nokia ........ though would feel bit uncomfortable from android to windows but it is the perfect business phone once used to with it.... new models have also came up
Its Primary sim Slot is not working since I got it
Great phone for this price. NO lag, very smooth, smart dual sim and many more. All r good. Bluetooth transfer is not great like android, thats the prob. But performance great.
You dont get anything better for this price.....Go for it..... Though a few cons are 1. No flash, so images are not that good in dim light 2..No front cam(if you use it)
Nice mobile at this price , have been Using from 1 months no cons. from my perspective, because this is only used for internet surfing other than playing games and social networking.
Very good product in this price range.. If you are App crazy think for some other android devices. But this has all necessary apps. Got it for 7k in Diwali Dhamaka offer..
Absolutely awesome phone, in budget, bought it for 7919/- from amazon. Excellent touch, excellent appreance and an awesome GUI experience. Thanks AMAZON. Thanks NOKIA.!!
Windows phone, sth different from android phone. Camera clarity, battery backup, big, clear screen are plus points. Amazon's providing good service. Not having front camera and flash are minus points. Overall, good phone in reasonable price.
Its an amazing phone , great to use windows phone and full marks to Nokia. The only things which is missing is the front cam for video calls....Otherwise its a gem of phone.
Ok type phone ...it does need front camera. Video playing is another issue.. need to hard reset it to get video playing.. and yea...why it doesnt have a compass!!!
Nokia has been through ups & downs and after buying this phone I would say that Nokia brought this good quality phone in market at an affordable price. Value for Money
Thanks to Amazon and seller for give me good product as well as fast delivery in low cost. - good battery life - camera resolution is fine - voice clearing
I love this Nokia lumia mobile, Because that time I already have Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 (Android) it is not good so I decided to take windows phone. It is very good mobile.
I am using Lumia 630 from the last one week,I really like windows so Lumia.very good phone.I purchased it for 9k.thank you amazon for good product and very fast delivery
Dropped it a few times on hard tiles yet the phone is still working and no glass breakage. Way better than my experience with other phones such as HTC. Build to last.
there should have been a headset along with charger and phone ...during my last purchase for lumia 520 i had received a headset plus a usb but this time i didnt....
Overheating at head .cant talk directly on phone.didnt expect such kind of product from amazon.really disappointed with this product.have to charge it twice a day
I am extremely satisfied with the aesthetics and the function of the product except an important flaw!! There is no option for Static IP address configuration!! Since the server in my work place does not provide DHCP I cannot connect wifi at all! I selected this phone mainly for the wifi connectivity and if I am unable to use that function I may have think of to selling it and going for an android phone! Let me know if there is any update from the Nokia Lumia team which gives me an option to select DHCP or Static IP!!.
Memory Card reader was not working at all. I was happy with other phone features though, but had to return this phone because of this memory card reader issue.
mobile is showing horizontal lines when screen is off or kept in specific angle. Is it because of clear black display technology or a defect ? please help
Delivery was prompt but one of the sim in the dual is not working. Took to Nokia service and they said its broken and will take atleast 3 weeks to fix it
a great phone in the low price tag. Comes with Windows 8.1 OS. Nokia Camera 5mp is giving ample opportunity to take enough photos But no Flash
Kinda out dated phone. Poor Screen resolution. Not bad, but I think considering there are other better phones in the market now, this could be better.
A no nonsense phone optimum functions.no hangs no delays.user friendly.will recommend this phone for serious users who like a little bit of fun too
Awesome phone! Took a while to figure out how Windows works but excellent value for money. Yes, the camera is a drawback - else itdeserved 5 stars!
Excellent phone... All the misconceptions about this phone are wrong, Excellent battery life, smart look, very light, excellent performance
Gud phone but data cable wasnot in box, shud hv made clear from beginning, only because of data cabl m not satisfied, felt like being cheated.
Very good budget phone. Does most of the things efficiently. Win 8.1 is smooth. An LED flash would've made it a perfect product !!!
The price is the lowest one.Delivery was good.But the device can't be charged in switch off position.Otherwise the mobile  ls amazing.
this product looks good but not for use. after talking 10 mints phone will get hot and ear also. i bought this just 2 months back only.
Great phone at such price . Even supports Asphalt 8 and FIFA which is far ahead of the perfomence given by Android with similar specs.
I bought it last month, good phone with decent look, good battery backup.overall good! Compared to android less apps in windows store.
I bought it when everybody asked me not to buy it. As always, Nokia is the name of trust ! It has never disappointed me.
Best phone under 10k. Value. For money, great performance,....I wud recommend this phone to every buyer to buy from amazon only..
It is one of the best phone in market. Very good in quality and phone has a very good operating system, never gets hang etc....
1 star is not for the product but for anazon I didn't got the product. The phone is very good faster than android phones.
for a person who has used the IPhone and the like...this is just an average phone....nothing to make one go ooohh aaahh :-)
Amazing Mobile from Nokia in the Reasonable Price. If it would have been 1GB RAM, then it was excellent Mobile from Nokia.
As expected. One of the cheapest providers. No extra gadgets or covers.. Not enough instructions or descriptions, however.
Lumia 630 met my expectation but, i would have been more happy if provided with the necessary accessories like Head phone.
good but sadly less GB in ram
my first expirience with a touch phone , and i find it easy to handle and operate , also has all the apps i need to use .
nice handset. battry backup is great. without using net or any playing games, it gives 4 days backup. i love it
I like the way design, Operating system and feature… Felt little heat when more usages of mail, phone calls and others...
Wonderful Mobile at an affordable price.... Looks funky and works well.... It's actually Neon Green not Bright Yellow :)
its superb,lumia 630 is beyond expectation,awsome product from nokia,i will suggest my friends for lumia630,excellent
Its good. supports games but gets overheated if u play for long. u need to pay for some apps cause its windows
Its good, but not very good, Camera is pretty nice, Overall look is also good...but something is lacking in it....
I love this mobile because it contains Ms office in it. The five MP camer. is so clarity. And 4.5 inch LCD screen
yes it is good phone with lots of features. only draw back is cumbersome process in usage of android applications.
Camera should have been with flash. Headphone 3.5mm plug does not fit properly snug. PRETTY GOOD OTHERWISE.
Value for money , i bought already 2 phones same model it being 3-4 months now .The screen touch is same as new.
This product is very good. but price always varies. that is not good... Sometimes price varies too much..
I like it, specially at this price the phone is great. The camera is not as good as my old 620 but acceptable.
Extremely satisfied with the phone.. the only back frop is Nokia should have introduced secondary camera too..
I am using the phone for the last 4 months. I find it a good, device, user friendly, in all respects, almost.
too difficult to manage and operate they didn't give pc suite for this mobile or not available latest version
Good product n awesome delivery but there is a no data cable or earphone in d box. But I give you 5stars
It’s not bad nor to good lacks with options like Splash Front Cam which makes me to give it average rating..
After one week of purchase microphone and speaker stopped working. Never expected such product from amazon.
Thanks for the timely delivery and its a nice phone... better with quality than the sample piece what I saw
phone is very good but company not sent any head phone lead nor any data cable.so this is not 100%perfect
Excellent Phone. Value for money. Amazon delivered it before the scheduled time. Thanks for its service.
lumia 630 is good phone by windows, but it does't have proximity sensor which is a basic requirement.
As I start using more I find more issues on usage. It should be 30days refund policy ..need to change
Mobile is awesome, best camera, no hanging issue on 512 MB RAM, but amazon service are very poor....
Very good phone. Value for money. Definitely better than most android phone at the same price point
Good product. Timely delivery. I am very much satisfied with the entire dealing through Amazone.
Purchased this phone 2 weeks ago because i was bored of android and believe me this phone is awesome ! Doesn't lag much like android and is very smooth. A front camera would have made this phone a steal but overall a good phone !
I am writing my review after 9 Months of using this phone, so here it goes. Starting with the inbox, you will get the Lumia set, battery, manual and charger only. There is no USB cable or headset included Pros: Nicely Designed User Interface with smooth functionality Great Apps developed specially for this Lumia Phones ( Cortana, Bing Vision, Lumia Selfie, Cinemagraph, Creative Studio etc. ) Comes with windows 8.1 and supports the windows 10 Technical Preview also ( If you decide to upgrade ) Nice Camera Quality not that much great, you need a good lightning condition Audio/Loudspeaker quality is also great Free Access to Office, XBOX trial, Skype all essential apps are built in Nice Battery Backup Lag free Phone with quad-core processor and 512 MB RAM ( 512mb is still faster than 2GB of Android ) DUAL Sims CONS: Less Apps Available in the Market NO Front Camera, Flash Also Missing, So No Video Chat at all Less RAM but enough to make it lag free Compatibility with only Nokia headsets, Extra Charges ( Doesn't come Inbox ) Windows Phones Has its own Pros and Cons. You can't expect every Android features in it, But it is best phone you can get at this price with lots of special functions, tools and apps.
Lumia 630 DS (black) with windows 8.1 a very good phone. Pros: 1. buttery smooth touch, very fast. 2. good battery for smart phone. Without Internet it can goes almost 2 days. 3. Kids corner. 4. Application s/w can transfer to SD card. 5. Crystal clear display. 6. Build quality very good. 7. In day light camera performance is quite impressive. Cons: 1. No front camera. Skype/Selfie is not possible. For Selfie user have to download "Nokia Selfie" application s/w from store. Then indirectly using rear camera Selfie photo possible. 2. No flash. Forget about low light photography. 3. Using only one password Master screen as well as Kids corner can be opened. So kids can easily access the original one. 4. No logout option for inbuilt email (like outlook, gmail etc.). 5. To open/Close the display only one key is there (right side of phone). You can not open/close using touch method for this 630 model! 6. Unable to assign different ringtones to callers except the inbuilt Nokia tunes !!
I like it because it has the things what i need and giving me good display and performance. Nice design and apps. It satisfied my intentions that would like to come out from the Android. feel good factor ;) and serving better.
all is good but you can not share vidoes via bluetooth and flash is also needed in this phone
NIce phone. Liked it . Also amazon gave it for a good price when compared to other websites.
Battery is getting hot during charging........otherwise everything seems to be fine........
4 stars + 1 star for the price. Superb display, superb sound... Very good phone.
Nokia always awesome.I think infront only the better,best and smart mobiles are only NOKIA
It is a good product. Apart from the flash i find it very good, processing speed is great.
its nice but i have to get habituated with windows as i was using android phones earlier.
Really a nice product from NOKIA .......... and also a nice service from amazon....
I am giving 3 stars only because the box I received did not have the headset. I would give 5 stars for the phone. You would actually start appreciating your buy ASA you receive it. A seriously good configuration for this price range. I would say this is the best phone you may buy in this price range.
Fabulous working with no lag ... Cam is poor other else all features are too cool
I got my lumia 630 ds today overall superb phone, But it has super heating problem.
Satisfied with Lumia 630. Excellent camera. Cons - Headphone is not given by Nokia.
Excellent phone and very user friendly UI. I would recommend this for others too.
with in 1 month of use 1 black line in the display arise. don't know what to do?
I liked it very much.A good basic phone to experience whole windows eco system.
Nice budget phone keep it up nokia, in terms of gaming its better than Android.
very professional & smart looking and better nice performance to android mobile
Awesome Features. Nice performance. Clear view .. Camera features are too good.
Mobile is really good in all respects only limitaion is Flash and front camera.
The nokia support though is poor and lumia 630 gets hot unlike my lumia 625.
Very much satisfied with the packing, model, and the condition what received.
Amazing fast browsing and good display .And totaly good buy phone under 10 k
i love this phone,got in 3 days from placing order...... satisfied.....
Good. Can go ahead who ever want to buy new mobile with good specifications
Awesome product. No defect with the device. Good packaging. Thanks Amazon.
loved the phone!!!! got the phone before the estimated delivery date.
Best battery life but what's app have some problem working on 8.1 windows.
Though not using for games playing etc--. battery is discharging quickly.
A good product. A flash and front camera would have made it excellent.
phone gets hang up while calls are incoming and windows applications cant b stored on phone memory
good, budjet dual sim phone with windows , amazon delivered it in time
Good phone form nokia, better than android. pl. upgrade the ram to 1gb
very nice phone
Its a good and under budget smart phone. I recommend this phone.
Awesome Phone... My Dad used it and is really happy with the Product.
Very nice product, I bought 3 pieces for my frds also excellent phone
Got a faster delivery in two days and the product is really awesome.
im just loving it.... and amazon is the only one with least prices
Product is beyond me expectation. Nice features. Packing is best.
Battery back-up is not as per claim, as I have to recharge it everyday. It should contain flash and front camera also
First time online purchase.... truly as per expectation,,,,great
reviewing after 8 month..phone is damn good ..battery is superb
it is good but no data cable has been given and no front camera
Has a plastic feel to it but the functionality is exceptional.
amazon services are awesome but .... sim 2 slot not working...
good one; but in display a black line arise within 1 month use
Good phone but no front cam and no flash. Good as per price
GOOD EXCELLENT AWESOME. Thank you :) KEEP IT UP
My second order, was good. And am liking the phone as well
It is awesome and quite fast with a very good touchscreen.
Great Phone.. Very good battery life.. Display is nice..
Does the purpose. Quad core has not much effect though.
Nice phone and excellent delivery service by Amazon!!
Good phone compare to android in same price range..!!
Very good device in this price range. Great job Nokia
...smart choice....good product,,,overall satisfied,,
No Call recoard Ultimatley its great deal
Seriously great product!!!! Great delivery by amazon
camera options and clarity should be improved still
the dev ice suites me verymuch.i like it very much.
Very happy with the service and the product, both.
Best price and fast despatch good condition thanks
Nice Phone
fully satisfied. its working and looking are good
Good allround budget phone with latest window 8.1
I received package today but headset is missing.
Everything is good but no front camera nd flash
it is good product and justified with its price
The phone back cover was defected though the defect was minor but the defect is still defect..i placed refund and got it in time..that is why i said everything was good except the phone... Its may be the seller fault and not amazon but they can makes opinion based on such feedback whether to keep or remove the seller......... Thanks...
Nice phone thanks techphone....i am very happy
Awesome Phone.Great performance.Nice Looking.
Some Problem with my phone noise with speaker
Very nice phone as compare to lagging android
Nice phone in a decent budget.. Easy to use..
Excellet product.. thank you nokia and aroma
Apps downloading is powered please help me!
I didn't get an ear phone and an USB cable.
Great product, brilliant speed of delivery.
very good phone & great service by amazon.
while speaking heat will too high.........
Just one word is enough to explain awesome
Good delivery and awesome phone in budget
Exceeded expectation. Miss a front camera
Suits me.... Nice phone for everyday use.
Brilliant phone. Extremely user friendly.
Nice phone, very handy. worth buying it..
the phone performance is not good atall.
only front camera reuqired in this phone
matches my requirements!!!! nice product
Nice phone.. With good service by amazon
the phone has all feature of smartphone.
Very smart phone in this price segment
Good Item Received , Value for money.
Excellent model as well as apps also
Excellent phone at reasonable price.
This phone performance is very good.
A fabulous Phone at affordable price
Best cellphone according to budget.
Very Good and cool mobile i love it
A great phone at this price-point.
please don't buy any windows phone
Good mobile and working very good
nice mobile for affordable price
nice phone,battery backup better
Its good, at pay my expectation.
Nice delivery ..nice product...
received but headset is missing
In the box there are no headset
Excellent. Super Fast and handy
Amazing product!! Great price!!
nokia lumia 630 is very asmome
Good buy considering the price
ITS WORTH BUYING THIS PRODUCT
excellent phone for the price
Excellent service and product
I have a Moto G and I purchased a Nokia Lumia 630 for my wife. She has not used a smartphone before so ease of use and battery life was the main consideration. Another one was availability of service centers, just in case if the phone has some problem. She has been using Nokia Asha 202 and was very happy with that. I have not used all features of the phone yet. Build Quality: 1. The screen is a finger print magnet and tends to get dirty 2. Feels plasticky and is not very easy to hold in hand. 3. Back cover tends to get dirty 4. It gives me the feel that even if the mobile falls down nothing will happen to it Call quality 1. Call seems to be digitized and do not sound natural though the calls are clear and crisp sounding. Speed, interface and hardware 1. In spite of the fact that the RAM is only 512 MB, there is no lag found and the phone is very fast 2. The interface is very fast and very user friendly. Especially for the first time smartphone users 3. There is only one camera. There is no front facing camera and there is no LED flash for the camera. 4. The Nokia here appears to be much better than google map at navigation 5. There is no earphone provided in the box. The box contains only the phone, battery and the charger. There is no data cable provided in the box as well. 6. There is an option to switch off the background data individually for each app which is very helpful. 7. Transferring contents from the old phone(Asha 202) was very easy and Battery 1. Battery lasts very long compared to other smartphones having battery of bigger capacity Notifications: 1. There is no ambient light sensor which means the screen brightness will not automatically adjust in accordance with the lighting condition 2. This also means that if you have flip cover the phone screen will not automatically turn on or off when flip the cover. Also the screen will not turn off during calls using the sensor but using the proximity sensor 3. There is no LED notification light for missed call alerts or messages. This means unless you turn on the screen, you will not know if you have any missed call or messages. This is unlike the phones that have a notification Led.
signal problem after 30 days
awesome product of Microsoft
compact and very easy to use
nice buy and timely delivery
nice phone for office users
amazing product from nokia
Good phone value for money
too much delay delivery...
good product as i expected
Great offer. its really wo
nice product.nice service
Good economical phone...
nice and worth the price
Nice phone touch is good
it was a good experience
good
very gooooooooood piece
It has good performance
Value for money mobile
Not up to expectations
I bought the mobile on sunday (24-08.2014). Have been using it for three days. Just love it man..!!! UI and other stuff r awesome. I rarely use the front cam or rear flash, Hence I find the mobile Extremely Good for this price. Physically it is very slim and from the side angle it looks like an iphone.. The screen size is also very decent and optimum for a field person like me. volume output is a bit low as far as my concern. Google needs to develop a few more apps for lumia phones. I don't find any drawbacks or issues till now. The only drawback what i felt really annoying was there was no "Headset" or "Data cable" inside the Kit. Only handset, battery and Charger was available in the kit.
Mobile is awesome....
best of the best!!!!
good one from nokia,
I loved this product
nice 1 at this range
Excellent experience
Very good mobile...
Very nic. satisfied
best phone in world
very low resolution
Very good thank you
6500/- IN FLIPKART
good one, go ahead
Great budget phone
Superb Mobile....
gud.....and smart
Though I got it after 15 days of lodging order at amazon,residing at 100 km away from Kolkata,i.e. Burdwan in West Bengal, but the product is quite good, like as, very user friendly, speedy surfing, good battery life, resolution awesome, camera is 5 mp without flash giving more or less good picture, windows app store is also helpful with enormous apps & games. In this phone you can have tremendous experience about gaming . But product can be better if it has flash, front cam of at least 2 mp & has been launched with better ram, at least 1GB.
they have not supplied earphones with that and i m not at all happy with the product.
A good one.. But hadn't got earphones with that. Don't know reason behind this. But afterall...my verdict is it's a good phone but not the best Looks nice but have not that much feature. That's all...
It's amazing phone  from Nokia Lumia team thank you 
Awesome delivery of amazon superb product
Yes good product
Awesome Phone..,
Value for Money!
GOOD. I liked it
its a good phone
Great Mobile !!!
Awesome Phone :)
Best phone ever!
fully satisfied
it hangs a lot
Amazing Lumia.
Guoooooodh yar
it is so good
Very Nice one
Brilliant....
Working well.
good features
nice phone...
Item was Nice
Excellent vfm
I am not able to able to hear the voice of person who called me and also i am not able to call as the person to whom i called is not able to listen voice. .... ols pls pls do not purchase nokia lumia 630 as it is defected as i also check in one of the blog the person is describe the same issues so i think in nokia lumia 630 there is defect so pls don not buy.
Good product
Nice working
GOOD PRD....
Nice Product
lovely phone
It is worth.
nice mobile.
Nokia is bad
Good phone.
its good :)
great phone
Pretty gud phone. the lumia 630 is really smooth . but may take a lil time to get used to windows, especially smone moving from android to windows. other than that , the phone is really gud to use . excellent build quality and got its on elegance. they cud have added a front camera too... i dropped one star for that.
I have been using Nokia Lumia 630 for the last two weeks, the phone is good, but battery life is not up to the expectation even without using the phone, the battery drains down by 10-15% and by using the phone and checking mails end of the day it is down to 50%-60%, I have to recharge every alternate days....
ok,not bad
Nice phone
NICE PHONE
I liked it
Very Good.
good phone
Nice phone
Good Phone
good phone
good phone
very good.
Good product. Am missing camera flash and front camera though. Handset feels nice to grip because of the proper edges as compared to the 625 model. Ear phones not provided with new set which is strange. Nokia/MS should think on these issues also. Overall I give a 4 star rating.
No voice recorder facility for incoming, outgoing calls , sending bluetooth for another mobile facility are not available. This mobile have these two important option I think it is a best mobile. This mobile have not these important options. So I could not like.
I like the windows interface and all the required apps are also available in store.. Some inbuilt nokia apps are great eg- nokia music, here maps...The phone works really fast... But con is earphones are not available in the box and camera quality is poor...
excellent
very good
very good
satisfied
very nice
Its good
Its good
This phone is really bad...its hangs a lot.Microsoft account is nt opening....problem with audio system...we couldn't hear songs in headsets.. And the charge is also not so good. Its a bad mobile..plz dnt get dis mobile
Great look... R u Bored To android so use this windows 8.1 .... Nice Job Nokia And Microsoft... Windows 8.1 smooth and great Operating system Thank You amazon give me This mobile in best lower price
ok good
Good quality phone but battery drain out faster as compared to what was expected from nokia mobile. Call quality is good on this phone. Overall i will recommend others to go for this also,
After few days of use I found that the phone gets extremely heated up. With very simple browsing through wifi or WhatsApp chat. Especially on the top where we keep it near the ear.
Nice phone. Happy to Come back to Nokia after a full round of using Samsung/Chinese/Indo-chinese like micromax. Same reliability. Hope it continues with Microsoft too.
Suberb price at this price. Don't go by 512 ram, it has absolutely no lags in all the major games and processing. Asphalt 8 and real racing run very smooth.
superb
Good !
superb
Happy with phone. VFM. Need a front cam. good low light pics . smooth operation. good battery life. Like the display and the beautiful contrast.
Delivered on time. Works well. Love the windows 8.1 OS. Missing things are frontcamera and auto flash. Otherwise awesome mobile for the price.
Good value, can be a bit slow downloading, you get what you pay for I suppose. No earphones supplied or any accessories other than charger.
nokia lumiya servis is very goog, but I dont recived in phone box :- hed phone and data cable...so plz send this itme......on my address
great
great
Low level product received this time. This time I feel cheated low standard of screen guard and the mobile cover.
The great phone at the price parity only what lack is secondary camera in this phone rest all lumia 630 rocks..
***** Pros... one of 100, its a NOKIA cons... nothing i wud say.. becuz i liked everything in it. *****
great at most times. has some glitches but which smartphone doesn't? all in all a value for money buy.
Good
goog
good
Good
nice
Good
Good
GOOD
Nice
ggod
good
good
good
Nice
good
good
good
nice
good
Good
good
A bit slow in response. NO FOLDER SYSTEM AVAILABLE DESPITE BEING BASED ON WINDOW OS !!!!
within few days the mobile started hanging. facing difficulties to down load what'sup
I purchased Nokia Lumia 630 yellow, this item is very good and meets my expectations
Has a huge huge heating problem and app support issue... Not for power users... Phone is also slow but not laggy still.... Just one good thing is camera... Moto g or e are much better alternatives.....
Reg ; Amazon The packing is very poor. It actual box is covered with some chart paper and taped tightly around. As the product is coming from Hyderabad, It took 4 days for me to deliver in the Chennai city ( near Guindy). About Product : In the pack no head phone and no data card. However the phone has the facility to use it. Battery life not is satisfied. If you are music lover and use your phone frequently you have to charge 2-3 times for a day. The mobile is heating up when use it for about half hour. if you just attending the call w/o using anything it will come for a day. The camera and sound quality are very good. More options to edit pictures Overall it is lumia 520 + dual sim
A good mobile, but it runs on MICRO-SIM ONLY. Dealer didn't mention it.
Very poor shipping material used for such a delicate product.
Returned, gorilla glass lacks a coating hence very smudgy.
Not satisfied with the supplied product quality.
it is defected mobile please replace the mobile
A very good smartphone at a fantastic price.
excellent mobile handset. Value for money.
A+
For this price its a good choice
very nice to use. I like it.
I bought brand new lumia 630 from Ernakulam 2 months back. On one fine morning when I tried to use the phone, it's touch function was not working. When I approached the authorised service centre at Ernakulam, they bluntly told me that water entered in to the phone and it can not be serviced under warranty. I personally know that no water fellen into the mobile. I had made a complaint to nokia contact centre and I got a mail that my complaint has been registered. But after that there was no action from nokia. This shows the Callous attitude of nokia. I had been using Blackberry and Samsung phones trouble for years. This is the first time I had made a mistake of buying nokia. Dear friends, it is an inferior quality product from a drowning company. Please keep away from nokia.
not up to the mark
windows 8.1 is far far behind from android.. i m feeling sad after getting this handset.. no problem with the quality of nokia.. but the os and apps sucks... zero star from me.
Perfect
This is the first phone in India had preloaded 8.1. Nice response by the touch. The phone don't have physical keys. New layout is just awesome. Quad core processor is doing nice job. And the gorilla glass 3 is simply superb. Coming to the negative, the update also won't give an option for usb teatering ., no flash, no front cam , . Battery is removable. Design was good. windows phone have to travel a long distance to meet Android/ios. Verdict 3/5.
I have purchased this device 3 days back from local store & immediately after 3-4 calls i faced the problem with voice on calling & it continues till date, as i went th' all the sites later i came to know it is the common problem of Lumia 630, there might be some bug in the software.. This is my personal opinion, just go for Anroid.
the phone's software has a bug in it which is not fixed by nokia, jus 2 days after i bought the phone it has lost all audio on calls. people all over the world are facing the same issue with this phone..
boring phone.....
I hate it
i want to give 0 star but there is no option of it so i am giving one. i am not able to update of download any app. each time it says error,error and error. my old idea 3g aurus is much better than this. i am really not sure about it's nokia brand.
Nokia lumia 630 do not meet the expectation. the worst phone i ever purchased. it is costaly for feature what they are providing.. no font camera..screen resolution poor,.. no call recording function in window 8.1...
