B00KAYOY3K
From my view, * very nice graphics display * superb slim mob for better look * camera as hd video quality thats awesome * front camera will not nice hence it s used for only video calling not suitable for selfie's * RAM 600 free * battery backup was nice( that ll be better if u use by proper method) If battery backup was not nice thats ur fault * loudspeaker sound ll be very less( thats not problem u can use vibrate mode) * earphone that in d pack will be not nice hence u hav to buy better headset ( sound quality was very nice) * variety of back cover available in ebay (Safety is very important)
This is absolute junk. It started giving me problems after just 1 month. The phone switch's off itself even if you place it on a table. You should place it very very gently. If you are driving and you move over a bump, the phone is dead. Again you have to switch it on. Battery backup is ok. Camera, performance etc are good. But with the problem of switching off automatically, there is no use of other features as you cannot use them. Gave it to service center for repaid, the problem still exists and occurs randomly.
the phone is quite awesome..with great configuration..the processor is quite enough good.. but it's only drawback is poor battery backup
It was delivered within the time they promised. But I got a WHITE model when i had ordered for BLACK. Overall the product quality is good and gives value for the money.
Charger & headphones are not original. Charger wasn't working. For lower cost they replaced original accessories with cheap Chinese accessories. Not satisfied.
NICE PRODUCT. AWESOME CAMERA CLARITY, BETTER THAN SAMSUNG GALAXY DUOS 2 & MICRO MAX CANVAS. GOING TO BUY ANOTHER ONE FOR MY BROTHER
Xolo q700s good handset..but record sound very low..camera clarity better..galery menu very very better and cute........******
Bugdet device with good performance.
Reasonably good smart phone under 8 thousand,Reasonably good smart phone under 8 thousand, Reasonably good smart phone under 8 thousand,
