B00KVF31JG
OK for the price 4K. Its slim and beautiful. The battery backup is not go good. For average users the battery will last for a day, but if you do a lot of chatting and net usage it will drain much quickly. About the SIM cards: 1st is micro sim, and the 2nd is normal sim.
Nice slim phone....works fine. rear panel is very fragile and the clips keeping the rear cover attached to the phone will definitely break after a short while so that seems to be one issue. All in all a good phone with decent voice call quality
awsome phone for this price range.5k xolo rockz ...1.3 ghz 514 mb ram.. 3g+ frount facing camera good phone to buy...
Good......as per expectation...it had a touch issue at the start but it was rectified by downloading an update of xolo..... battery lasts long even on Wi-Fi....good handy phone
Excellent mobile for this price. battery backup is around 3 days. Camera quality is poor. battery dries on browsing. Very slim and easy to handle
In this price group it is the best product i can get .And thanx to amazon.in which made it possible
Been using this phone about 10 months. The best phone for 4k. Battery is not so good but cannot expect more than for this price. Camera is decent, not good but decent. The best thing on this phone is it's price. Wort a device for 4k. BTW.Xolo did a good job by sending two screen guard.
very slim and gorgeous finish. Xolo displays are the best.
It is a Very Very Good Phone in Under 5k! Love it!
over handset performance is ok. But battery gets drain faster as compare to other handset. Xolo service center was not having any expert to resolve any issue.
Nyc phn at such a cool price of 4k......fully loaded with excellent features....n last but not d least gr8 delivery by amazon at just 2 days
Excellent product - Good battery life and good performance for a budget phone Superfast shipping and delivery by the seller
very fast delivery service of amazon, i got phone only in 2days, phone was awesome. Xolo A500s Lite has a 4-inch (480 x 800 pixels) touch screen IPS display, powered by a 1.3 GHz dual-core MediaTek MT6572 processor and runs on Android 4.2 (Jelly Bean), similar to A500s but this has a 3-megapixel fixed-focus rear camera with LED flash, instead of 5-megapixel camera. Other features are also similar including 512MB RAM, 4GB of internal storage with expansion slot and a 1400 mAh battery. The Xolo A500s Lite is slightly thicker at 9.2mm and has a leather finish on the back. Xolo A500s Lite specifications 4-inch (480 x 800 pixels) touch screen IPS display 1.3 GHz dual-core MediaTek MT6572 processor with Mali-400 MP GPU Dual SIM (GSM + GSM) with Dual Standby Android 4.2 (Jelly Bean) 3MP camera with LED Flash 0.3MP (VGA) front-facing camera 9.2 mm thick 3.5mm audio jack, FM Radio 3G (HSDPA up to 21.1 Mbps; HSUPA up to 5.6 Mbps), Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 3.0, aGPS 512 RAM, 4GB of internal memory, 32GB expandable memory with microSD 1400 mAh battery
nice phone...in such budget
Best phone at this prize range Good looking, superb quality, I orderd it for my sister and she loves it
battry back up not good.
east or west amazon is best, i became a fan of amazon so friendly policy amazing
Good for the price. Camera not good in soon
nice working but sometimes it is slower....
phone was as expected and delivered on time
Nice..phone Amazon service gud..
I didnt get this product from amazon
Its an awesome phone in these price.
Average phone. Average Touch
Battery life is not so good ..
Awesome Mobile in low price
your product is too good
Very good Xolo branf
xolo for us ....good
very poor product
I Like this phone
It has 1,3gh processor so its running very smooth and fast no any overload or heating battery remains between 23-26'celcius touch is very smooth and sensitive but screen guard make it less sensitive (dont use that one given with phone) battery backup is too good camera quality is also too good but less responsive in dark all sensors are working well its awesome for first android use i will suggest to go for it its best 3g phone with this price range the delivery was little late
nice product..!
touch is poor.
Camera not good which they said!!! Otherwise gud mbl
RAJESH KUMAR
Very good :)
super super
simply good
Nice phone
Good phone
Good phone
Its good
Its good
good one
Awesome
it good
awesome
not bad
touch is not good at all. :'( Rest all good. ;) Is it worthed ? ehh Dont think worths the Touch.
1st of all got a defective product.......but would suggest yo spend some extra money and buy a decent phone
good
good
Nice phn in low range. Have all features. Camera and touch is not very good but not bad either.
wow
Looking good. Poor cam quality and touch sensitive.
This mobile features is not good
