B00KAYP3SA
Nice phone nice camera front and back but battery backup is not sufficient, flive cover is excellent but intrupt the camera proformance
It's been Seven month that I am using this mobile. Initially had a microphone problem and a problem in charger. Now the problem had been resolved. All the more the specifications are amazing, specially the 8 MP camera. The picture clarity is a good feature of this mobile phone. A must buy for buyers whose budget is below Rs, 10,000. Only problem is that the battery gets heated up fast. Otherwise it does not create much problem.Another problem is its accessories like the earphone. Could not survive more than six months though used minimally and care were taken while packing it while carrying.
Mobile is good quality. No issues till now. good speed and HD quality is also good. Camera is also good. Delivered with proper packaging. Cons: Battery backup is bit low compared to other mobiles.
my only issue with the phone is that it shows my SIM CARD on ROAMING all the time and the speaker is at the back in the middle. Otherwise kudos to the makers.
I never used this type of phone but all is good only the speaker contains less sound and camera also excellent
Awesome performance..... But battery is not Giving more backup...Price is reasonable.....display is too good.... Earphns quality of listening is suprb .
I just used for a week. worst mobile company ever. Useless service.taking lot of time to repair. still under repair ( more than 3 months). please dont buy xolo mobiles.
Simply Superb. very fast, VDO recording and Still photography is Superlative. Little bit low Sound but still good enough.
this product is really amazing... i found absolutely no problems....using it for a week now !! i heard of speaker problems .... but i dont encounter any !!
it's a Good Mobile
Satisfied
The Look is good, And the performance is also okay. I have returned this product due to the battery problem. The battery starts heating after continuous usage of 1/2 an hr. The heating is really more than the normal. If this could have been resolved. Really this is a good phone.
