B00K74QBQQ
The mobile HTC Desire 210 is excellent but the mobile ear phone are not good for hearing .. ] So please u able change my ear phones..
very reliable brand..but i'm facing battery problem...it discharge within half an hour..i think i have to buy a new one...that will be an extra cost...but it happen when u buy a product online..u cant check every thing before buying..risk is always there..other than this i have no complaint with phone..
i got this mobile in one day and also got free flip cover but when i was checking the mobile after delivery it was fallen down by mistakely by me and the screen got very bad scratches it is to sensitve mobile once fallen down it got scratches so pls dont buy it freinds
HTC desire210 nice handset problem is ram is 512 only bcz of diz sometimes it will switch off d mobile automatically.... but how ever brand iz brand for d price of 7600 it iz nice......
The ring tone is very low and impossible to hear while you are out on the road. After using Nokia and Samsung Smartphones. finding this one a bit too complicated to handle.
Its delivered before schedule and got flip cover with the mobile.
color in the image and the actual is different, although white, does not gives good appeal. disappointed.
very poor reboot problem shut down again and again phone become dead with in a purchase total loss of money pls do nt buy i bought 2 useless hardware
This is best n cheap product from HTC. Amazon is best seller for this . I got this product before time
Taking price into consideration, it is a good product. Front camera quality is too low.
Good performance good battery life smooth tech screen very good camera clarity
excelent
HTC desire210 Mobile is good .......
Product is good..Excellent Quality
HTC desire210 Mobile is good.....
NOT GOOD QUALITY. UNSATISFIED.
HTC 210 is very nice phone.
It's ok but not much more
Good
Great Mobile in Budget.
Worst thing ever seen
product so so. battery back up is very less. appox 30 min only. its ok product.not good. processor is slow.
It's amazing mobile
i love this phone
It's a good deal.
Lovely Product
Hi i have purchased the phone on 31st july 2014 and recived on 3rd august. 2014 I have one quiry can any one solve this abt the phone The quiry is that is there calling senser in this phone. coz when i pick up the phone lights of the phone is not closing and when i take far from ears then lights is been not on self.
it is good
good
nice
front cam too bad
