B00KNXYIMU
I guess the mobile phone shipped to us was a defective piece, which the retailer has deliberately shipped to us. We have still not initiated the refund and will not initiate the refund, but the amount of excitement just went down, I could have bought another smart phones with some more money. Also that Nokia XL is a bad product.
This is the Worst Manufacturing Gadget I have ever seen by Nokia, After all while I thought of Switching back on Nokia, but again DISAPPOINTMENT, truly they have lost their Standard & only reason is they themselves, PLZ PLZ PLZ its a request do not buy even if you get 100 % cash back...
Its ,OK .in this budget great phone, Whats'app working properly, only one concern camera in not good & Sound quality also not good Over All good phone.
fantastic Phone working nicely thank you! for this product
I liked it. I ordered this phone during last week's sale and got it for a decent price of 7499/- Amazon delivered it very next day which was of great help as my previous phone was dead already. I read many reviews wherein people said the resolution is not great, audio quality is not good etc; I think resolution is good for the price of the phone. Even the picture quality is decent. Nothing less nothing more. Audio quality is very good...I did not find any issue so far. I spoke for many hours over the weekend and I did not have any issue. The battery too last long enough. As far as I explored the phone, I find it very worthy for the price I paid. And Nokia has been my go-to since a decade. Sure it did not fail to impress me this time.
All feature is better but mobile battery will be require minimum 3000mah
ultimate phone...with the perfect blend of windows and android..
I purchased orange nokia xl. I am satisfied with this .
Delivery process is not good or can say its bad...
It is nice and have got it what I want
I didn't like the product.
worst mobile and colour
Not fully android.
A good phone.
Nice phone
good !!
A huge phone with good camera. Value for money.
Very nice phone...orange looks great and Amazon is awesome...I got this mobile just at @,6999....
Good
Good
The best phone ever this phone has everything so fast and the camera quality is also good
Good phone,good features,great built-in apps especially here maps.
POOR PACKAGE
