B00LA1J586
A good deal. Very fast phone and picturequality is very good.Very good phone in this price Thanks to amazon
Good Phone , Good Camera , Will be more happy if the battery backup is little more. Battery drain in 1day if I surf net on phone. Overall a good Phone . A Changeable back cover will add color to it
Awesome Phone by Microsoft. Does not hang at all and runs all the android without lag. Camera superb in Day Light and suffer bit in night. The dual core works really well and allows to phone to run faster & smoother.The 4.3 inch is amazing and enhance your writing experience for Qwerty keypad.Battery is about 1800Mah and works well(come on after all it's android which sucks battery)So overall, it's very nice phone and looks very ambitious in your hand.So, Go for it and grab it.
I have use nokia lumia 525, nokia x, nokia xl but this is the best product for this range in 7.5k. Camera is excellent , no lag found till now, interface is also user friendly , game are also running smoothly eg- temple run, plant vs zombies,etc and no stretch on screen till now I have not put any screen gurd . The best android phone. Plz don't take chip Samsung or microns phone don't think and buy it.
Nokia X2 review Performance is best. High end games running well. Google maps, sync, Search, voice, youtube, goggles, translate running well. Fastlane , user interface is pretty. Battery backup is good. Camera is awesome. And flash is powerful. Body Design is also best. Internet speed is superfast
Its almost 1 month since I Purchased it.. Till now no issues or lagging.. everything works perfect.. As I am not a game lover so did'nt tried any games. I use what'sapp, skype, microsoft email, google handouts 24x7 and sometimes youtube too..Am getting a battery backup of 1 and half day.. Camera is very good day times.. overall the phone is perfect but Green color looks very ugly better go for any other color
Its been a month i have been using the Nokia X2...Here is my review: Style wise- many people just went to check out the phone just by the green colour and the bar shape design. They were also excited to hear the use of android app store using Nokia X software which will soon be taken over by Opera store.. The camera is pretty ok.. Battery backup seems fine.. The call voice is way better than my previous Xperia Neov V. The music player and the loudness is managable... The touch screen is smooth. My verdict - for a 7k worth phone a descent purchase...
Superb camera ir will beat others compony 5 mp camera, nd superb nd stylist build quality , its run all android app, and some Ideot people say its not run whatsapp its false, best phone in 10000k budget, thos who people intrested to use china phone like , micromx, xolo,lava, this alls are" BIN BHAROSE WALLI COMPONY" go with nokia, u will be use 2year nd more+ NOKIA KAA BHAROSA
My first Mobile Purchase online from Amazon was Awesome Thanx amazon for the prompt delivery within 24 hrs Regarding Nokia X2 Pros: Nice Display Nice Design Good Battery Life Android app Compatiblity No lag at all Touch Screen Nice and responsive Cons 5.MP back Camera is bull S*** Front Camera is of no use as gives bakwas image quality
Nokia X 2 looses the signals at many places where that other phones of nokia and other companies show good signals. It makes very difficult for me to be connected while travelling.Nokia should bring back all Nokia X2 Phones and return to the customers after resolution of the problem.
Its realy a best 1, picture quality s best, all android apps run smoothly.
Nokia X2 is one of the best phones that Nokia has released so far.First the appearance of the phone is very good.The screen is 4.3inch which is (medium).It has got the design and durability which Nokia phones are famous for . coming to software it has got Android 4.2.2(jelly bean).It has dual sim GSM,WCMA both micro sim.It comes with 4gb internal and expandable upto 32 gb ANd free 7gb cloud storage.Camera 5MP main camera with HD video recording and 0.2 MP front camera. which is good for skype calls.It comes with some cool apps like Skye,Plants vs zombies,Temple run and many more.For music lovers it has a cool app called mix Radio brillant app.It has WiFi,Bluetooth.Going to internal powerful internal system driven by a dual core Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor clocking in a speed of 1.2GHz.with 1gb ram.Battery 1800Mah.over all it is the best phone for the price paid.
This phone has all the good features and all apps. are supported,It only have android a little less(4.3) and google play store unsupported otherwise it is the best phone.
In this price range its a excellent phone
would not support most of the Android Based apps, as it wont support google play services. Even HERE Maps does not work for me, camera is bad
Most famous APP WhatsApp is not running on tgis Mobile. Let me suggest what should i do. Otherwise I've to retuen
Simple, elegant, amazing! Got this for my mom as her first smartphone and she loves it!
Unable to download some apps like OLA cabs App, otherwise the phone is good
No technical difficulty, good product but need to charge daily.
not satisfied
nokia x2 is awesome.... love it !!!!!!!
Cool phone at cool price at Amazon.in
worth for the money spent
Good one.. nice to buy..
Good luk nd lv it :-)
very good product
Simply nice :)
Good item .
Best iteam
very good
Doesn't perform as a Nokia product,cheap build quality,Poor battery at approx 13hrs. On 3G network,No Direct video call,small screen compared to the picture shown,Signal strength is very poor.camera is worse than Micromax canvas phones.
so good
Exllent
ok
its to much.. yesterday i saw Nokia X2 dual sim Green model price is Rs 8499. now its cost is Rs 9999 ..
