B00L7E9XM4
Received the product in time. Amazon service is excellent. Talking about the product... its awesome budget phone. The back panel has a premium look. The mobile screen clarity is awesome. Bang for the buck
I really liked the phone, good processor, good speed and response, no lagging, most of all good memory, touch sense you cant compare it with Apple or Samsung or HTC, but overall the touch is good, camera is good only for the day light, night time its not good. Best part the back panel has got a hard plastic which is a kind of a glass look, it really protective too. I would rate this phone 4.5/5 (Y) People for the sake of using a phone, or like buying a smartphone for the first time, I would recommend this phone for first use. The rate is also worth. Micromax Good Job!
battery backup is poor. battery drains out at the end of the day.
Very nice phone at 5200rs. Sometimes touch gets struck.. And i'm not satisfied with sound quality..
1. A good phone but has some drawbacks- - the battery drains very fast. 24 hours only in standby mode. - the phone is very heavy, Almost double the weight of a similar phone from Samsung etc. 2. Overall an OK phone.
The Mobile phone is not functioning well. There are problems in IC & Mother board of the set. The Micromax customer care not responding well for the replacement or repair of the set.
Product is awesome but the delivery was little bit late. The phone looks and working good. No compromise in phone's speed. And you can really enjoy it with 1GB RAM. Go for it...
It was second time for me. It is not according to my expectations. ROM is not as it was mentioned in advertisement and on box.
A good phone overall... The only negative thing is that it takes time to charge and the battery drains extremely quickly...
had to return the piece. Shut down automatically again and again. Pathetic battery, drains completely.
in this range this good phone but when i play game its very heat... its only 1 problem.
Gifted for my Girl Friend, Product is ok. Camera Disappointment.
This was a gift.. And the person who received it loves it.
Good product.. Value for money........ Good touch response... 3gb memory for storage and 2.5 for apps total 5.6gb available out of 8gb......it also has light sensor which is not described on specs....looks very nice like a glass body.... Built quality is very nice ....quad core + 1gb ram enough for good performance...camera is also good in day light.....flash is below avg only for close shot.... In day light it gives you 5mp like pictures... Overall happy :)
Best mobile by Micromax in that price.
Best product at great price...
Budget smartphone. Must buy
Nice phone.Timely delivery
i bought this product on dec 10 and i received it on 12th with normal delivery.initially was very happy to own a quad core as i want only 4 inch phones.and that too i wanted below 5k.it looked as if this was the perfect phone for me.i had also posted unboxing video on youtube under sangeet41.but after a couple of days,i noticed that touch wasnt that good(maybe only in my piece).one had to touch it twice or thrice sometimes to register it.some of the apps were also not working.it also restarted on its own a few times after hanging.though all maybe only in my device.so i wont say dont try this product.though now i will most probably purchase only standard brand products though they are overpriced coz they have great after sales services while im not too sure about mmx.
Good phone under 5 k,
good phone.....
Good product
Its okay ALl
good
Good
the phone hang during calling, where the service station at surat
It simply Superbbbbbbb. It has light sensor toooooo.
Excellent product,
Superb
