B00LTUN476
This phone is superb with a very reasonable with a good price.
I am using this phone from past 15 days and its really a superb phone.Its processor is very fast.Display is also very good.And finally its worthful in 10 k .
About amazon, my product was delivered within 2 days. About Micromax canvas HD plus A190: + Display / camera both are awesome. + Decent battery for normal usage. * Would've been better if kept both SIMs at normal size. Primary is normal size SIM with 3G secondary is micro/mini SIM. - Request to Micromax not to pre-load applications. Most of them are waste. We can't even uninstall them. Hike is preinstalled with lower version it can't be either removed or updated. 
Awesome look phone... Its worth for money... Technically very good... Looks like almost samsung... But now comes other branded phones with best configurations for 10k budget..
An awesome phone... Love the camera....performance is also good! Totally worth buying
Sooooperb phone....! Micromax rocks..! Amazing service by Amazon...!
amazon kindly change ur description This set is 5 inch not 5.5 but the set is ultimate excellent
REALLY AWESOME PHONE. IT SLIM, LIGHT WEIGHT , VERY SENSITIVE & SEXY. PIC QUALITY IS AWESOME, SOUND IS LITTLE LOW BUT VERY CLEAR. DON'T UNDERESTIMATE BY HEARING MICROMAX. THEY ARE BOOMING. U CAN COMPERE IT WITH SAMSUNG GALAXY S4. I GOT IT WITH AN AFFORDABLE PRICE FROM AMAZON.IN. DON'T THINK TWICE, GO FOR IT :).
Very nice experience. But courier service was not good.
Can Anyone tell me what is the internal memory for the User
Awesome Phone: Pros: 1. Good IPS display 2.It does not lags while doing continuous operations. 3. Having hexa core processor it handles all the big stuffs. 4. Great design like Apple Iphone 6 model 5.Camera Quality is too good like high end phones like samsung phones Cons: 1.Battery drains fast when u r using 3G connection with lower bandwidth
Micromax HUE AQ5000 is the best phone amongst the all models.it's a combination of iphone 5+Samsung s3......The best phone
A perfect smartphone and in lower price. Happy to have this. Thanks Micromax and Amazon for quick delivery.
Phone is worth only for what you pay for. Although the mobile is packed with all the features you will find in 40000 rs phone, but expecting the same matching quality will be tough ask. Overall satisfied with the purchase and would recommend to all those who are budget minded people looking to upgrade from basic phone.
Very good smartphone... I will 9/10 for this. A few drawbacks r as following . Its int memory is not 8 gb. It is 4 only Also it is getting heated when using 3g for a long time. Less hanging is der... Also the music system is of low quality.. Still it is highly affordable under this price tag
Very low quality phone secondery camera very poor low sapce full hd not support
Excellent camera quality..Good battery back up...very good HD quality
great product...! the delivery was very good and the phone is great with android 4.4.2 the phone is slim and stylish and the product is worth the money it has a 8 mp rear and 2 mp front cam which make it even more stylish
It is a nice Phone Specially its Camera and display is fully HD, I like it.
Really good and user friendly Than Samsung it is fine
I LOVE IT . SOMEBODY SAYING THAT IT DOESN'T HAVE POWERFUL BATTERY. NO ISSUE GUYS. I AM USING FOR THE LAST 055 DAYS. BATTERY BACKUP IS NORMAL. I AM GETTING 24 HRS BACKUP WITH FULL USE. LOOKING AWESOME. NO LAGGING. BUT 01 SIM IS MICRO SIM NOT REGULAR AS MENTIONED IN SITE.
Go for it if battery is not your concern... Performance is good
GREAT PHONE ,,,,,ONLY PROBLEM IS BATTERY ,, only 5 hours
Budget phone in this range...dual sim. One is micro sim
Superb phone with good processor. Light weight. Big screen. Video clarity is superb. I didn't come across any mobile which is having hexa core for this much affordable price. Worth to buy
Had huge expectations with the phone...liked it very much with all the features and performance till i found that it got a faulty display...missed my 7 days of replacement guarantee as i was furiously searching with my contacts on whats happening with the display as it is flashing when i take certain applications and color backgrounds...handed over to service center and now they said they will get the display replaced and not the entire phone ....sad....its the very first time i am getting this kind of experience from online purchasing..i've bought 3 phones (2 samsung & 1 micromax) online and they are working fine and good...but failed on this one...Expectations are down with Micromax.
This is in total a good phone with all the features. Only thing which is worse is its headphone. Either issue is with headphone provided with set or jack is not proper. Thanks
excellent product... (but volume is much lesser compared to other phones).... its light weight... with good touch response... and no lag..... i strongly recomend this product.....
The Product is awesome, I took sometime to review because I wanted to use it before reviewing. Now that I have used it for more than 15 days I feel its very fast and me being migrating from Windows OS. This phone was a perfect choice. But what made me give 4 not 5 star is, I received a faulty charger with the product. Since I had my old charger I did not use the charger given to this phone at all, but recently when I used it I realized it was not working. Earphones are all normal, nothing much to mention about it. Overall its a good phone for the price.
i bought this phone, very nice packaging by amazon, phone is very good good camera clarity good sound, call is clear sound satisfied, i add a pic check quality
nice in all. Slim phone with all functions.
I bought this phone after reading lot of positive reviews. However to my disappointment the phone turned out to be a complete disaster. The look and feel of the phone is very good. However the battery drained every 4-5 with average usage. Also the phone was getting overvheated everytime i would call a person. Called upthe amazon callcenter and they agreed to take the piece back since there is no replacement available for the same. Its said Micromax phones are a lottery. If it works fine u r Lucky.
Good phone. Light weight. Good looking. Camera and video qualities are excellrnt.No issues at present. Best compared to other smart phone in the same range.
Its really a nice Fone for this price.
Phone is good,recommended to friends
Excellent mobile with good features
This phone is very good for it price...it is very light in weight & it's battery life is also very good...camera quality is also very good..
So baato ki ek baat ankhe band kar k khareed lo.Ham is k saath k char pH.use kar rahe hain.aur panchva book karvea hai.Ultimate phone Hai.
EXCELLENT SMART PHONE... AT REASONABLE RATE... LIGHT WEIGHT WITH SUPER CONTRAST HAVING HEXA PRO.... SUPER GAMING.... GO FOR ITT!!!!
The mobile is very good looking and handsome.I didn't found any defects in this mobile. You can purchase this mobile safely.
It's simply out of the world experience to use this phone.one falls short of words to describe how good this phone I.
battery draining like anything . No games installed 8 calls per day . connecting to internet as & when required.
Performance is good but battery backup is unsatisfying me. And while playing games its back turns into hot metal.
Mobile is awesome in reasonable price, expect battery back up and design of edge is not comfortable it's slippy.
good phone. it has a problem with power button. like its not comfortable to use feels irritating....
Nice phone .....I m using this phone currently.... Its give great performance.... Now u can buy.. This phone
Haapy with the product. Very light weight and good camera quality. Just a veey good value for money.
It's best phone in this price range All the features are awesome Including battery backup.
It's grt value for money. Awesome mobile. Seller service brilliant. Trustworthy seller
VERY GOOD PRODUCT, IN TIME DELIVERY. I REALLY APPRECIATE WITH THIS PRODUCT AND SERVICE
D phone is good BT d battery is vry bad n d connection with charger pin is also nt problem n it takes hrs for full charging n just looses d charge after using for a particular of tme n d most shocking whch I observed in des 2~3 days in dat before I go to sleep I'd battery is 70% n whn I check it in d mrng it's 35% or 40% means inspite not using it for almost 7~8 yrs d battery is been reduced.
very nice micromax canvas HD A190 mobile and good service amazon Campania
Good looking , stylish thin phone, hd is clear and crisp. Pics , and video is superb But ring volume is low
Excellent Product with Superb HD+ Display, light weight, 1GB RAM, with some internal Memory, nice speed, use it with class 10 memory card, after purchasing this model persons who are near you definitely they will realize why they purchase the other brand's Model. Only one point i.e. Battery 2000mAh which is lesser, it should be improved from Micromax side. After purchasing this Model my 2-3 colleague have been purchased the same Model without any recommendations. For Micromax - it will be more proud to us if we purchase an Indian Brand with Tag line "Made In India".
It's very nice
For basic users of Andriod this mobile is best at its price...
its pasia vasul overall performance of my mobile set is good
Battery has some problem and mobile function is little slow
Nice. Good one. Best mobile. Good Quality. Good camera.
its a very nice phn.gud camera bth primary nd secondry
very good mobile & light weight ,simple using method
Very good to use this mobile and user friendly....
Micromax Canvas HD Plus A190 (White) Mobile is Slim,Weight less,Full HD,Good Music System and Awesome. I had been using these mobile from 1 month and after using these mobile i had not faced any issue. And 3G Internet works cool and faster has its Hexacore processor. I Recommend these mobile to Buy. But the worst thing is i am not able get flip Cover for these mobile.
Very good
amazing phone with smart price, good camera
Everything is good EXCEPT for the sound!!!
execellent smartphone......go for it....
Nice mb. Camera clarity is also good!!!
Phone features are good. working good.
Nice looking...!!! Awesome...!!!
Is good but sometimes it gets hangs
wow nice product at amazing price
I give it 4 star because by the problem in setting bcoz I insert a16 gbbmemory and set my phone to move apps and whatever I download from net to SD card but it is not going automaticlly menans u have to move apps to SD card
Awesome Phone in This Price Range... All Thumbs Up for Micromax A 190 I have been a Samsung user but after using this phone i had to change my mind... Micromax Bravo For this Phone...
Good Product in this range..
Re-writing my review. For the last one year, I had become a fan of Micromax. Cheaper phones, high configuration etc. I purchased 3 mobiles a tablet and a TV. All from Micromax. Exactly one year after I got the First Micromax phone (purchased on 18th March 2014, problem started 13th March 2015). (display issues, dead battery, no network) Another phoen purchased around april 2014 and problem started feb 2015. (display issues, dead battery, no network) Micromax customer care is pathetic. they wont help you at all. I tried reaching out to local micromax service stations in Hyderabad. 4 out of 6 addres given are fake and the contact numbers never work. Highly dissappointed with the experience. I can understand that I paid less when compared to branded devices, but this is pathetic. I'm never gonna buy any more micromax devices. enough spent. Thanks Micromax for letting me know how CHEAP you guys are.
Goof and excellent service
Good product from micromax
good phone at good price.
Thankuu Amazone....
Good phone with less price. Camra quality is excellent with this price. Single disadvantage is batter but it's acceptable with this price.
Good
Good
I am using Micromax canvas HD plus A190.its a excellent works.but mobile is large its comes Out of pocket.
Its a nice phone
Value for money
GO FOR IT NICE
excellent..tnq
Amazingly good
nice yaar....
Nice mmx phn
Nice mobile
Nice phone
nice phone
Nice one.
Firstly i want to inform you that, this is a defective pc. due to less time i couldn't informed you. If you can put this on table, it's not sit parallel, it's showing some curve in this. and front camera is totally useless. and speaker is not so clear.
Its good
This is a very nice phone .camera is nice . it looks elegant (white one) . Display is hd and u can feel the difference . Its light . .... Overall a nice phone. Only battery gets exhausted in say 12 hrs .
Nice phone . friends you can buy this phone . There is no problem with this phone .I got problem only once but after rebooting it get solved .overall performance is nice as excepted....
So good
I had to actually return the product. The touchscreen worked erratically. If you try to open one application, some other application used to open.
This phone is good. But we cant use 3g net on second sim. Camera clarity is bad. Captured image size of camera is below one mb.
poor performance...dew to network porblm rit now its in service center aftr 15days of purchasing.......... not satisfaid with set ..
Good
good
Good
good
Nice
As always Amazon provides best deals in the country. Very good phone at a decent price.
It is slim,stylish and meets almost all my needs of a good smart phone
Bad
I purchased this mobile but they give me defect product
becouse its not look same as on side image ( Not slim )
Good
This is made in China phone
Good mobile for the cost.
Value for money
Nice phone
Not 5.5 inch
I haven't find this mobile up to my expectations, it's waste of money - planning to return the same.
