B00L3WC6BU
Very good product. Thanx to amazon for quick delivery. First of all am reviewing Xolo Q1200 with my first time user experience. Xolo brand is a pretty gud for guys who looking for all type of mobile and tabs. Xolo Q1200 is a mid range phone with great features. Its powered by 1.3Ghz quadcore mediatek processor, 1Gb Ram. The big 5inch display with 294 PPi is beautiful in color reproduction, its also protected with corning gorilla glass 3- u can forget about scratches... 8gb internal memory and support of 32Gb is gud. (in internal 4 gb is user available). OTG support to connect pendrive, joystick etc. Currently in Jelly bean, xolo promised a Kitkat update. they released one beta Kitkat version too..But its not stable. so, its gud to stay with jelly bean until stable Kitkat version is released. 2000mah battery power up the device and it gave me a full day backup with Connected in wifi. Overall its a decent phone in this range. main things i need to highlight is it camera, great cam in low light conditions, thanks to Sony EXMOR sensor technology. Front cam is average. Games running smoothly. Even its 5inch its handy and stylish. Gesture and hands free features are good. Volume in speakers is great. Maybe because of 2 speakers powered by DTS. SRS certified. The things that i worried little is, there is no notification led. Little bit heavy (maybe its gud for some users, boldly stick on hands). Performance of headset is average.. Bass very poor. Treble is ok. But the new design of head set is stunning... Thanx Xolo for Giving freebies like premium leather finished flip cover, Screen guard and OTG. Any way am happy with my new Mob.
I recently Buy XOLO Q1200. I give 7.5 out of 10. Smart Gestures (Wave Access, Voice Reg, Cold Screen & Dual Window ) - 0.5 Mark  Wave Access support Default Launcher Only. (Not Support any Other Launchers. To Change Home screen, Lock Screen & Gallery Without Touch.  Voice Regon in use without Internet Call attend, Click Photo & Snooze alarm (Best) just say one command  Dual Window only support Video Player (It's bad)  Cold Access ( I don't Know in the Access) Cons:-  Problem is Sensor in Top. So you wave your hand in Screen Top.  Dual window, Cold Screen Access & Wave access is overall waste Screen (Gorilla 3) - 2 Mark  1280 * 720 HD Display  5 inch 294 pixel  Corning Gorilla 3 Glass (Very Safe)  Super Quality Flip Cover in free (Safe)  Nice Picture Quality OTG Support (USB Pen drive) - 2 Mark  Good Quality OTG cable in the Box (Best Feature)  To Copy your File & Pictures Mobile to System Very easy. Not available in the feature any other costly mobile. RAM / ROM & Processor - 1 Mark  RAM 1 GB  ROM 8GB o Application 2 GB o SYSTEM 1.94 GB o Mass Storage -4.06GB  1.3ZH Quad core (4) Processor • Maximum 2 core only used. Better Performance Cons:- Now day must Need 2 GB RAM & Minimum 16GB Internal Storage SOUND & LOOK - 1 Mark  Dolby Digital Sound ( 2 Speaker ) Very Good Performance  Look also nice Cons:-  Over Wight ( Gorilla Glass & Inbuilt Battery) Battery (2000 mah) - 1 Mark  Back UP is Good. ( Performance Give Usage) Cons:-  Inbuilt Battery  Must Need at least 3000mh Battery Over all I Give 7.5 Mark in this Mobile. Over all usage is nice. So I Personally Suggest buy this Phone without any Doubt.
It does not have full HD. There are some other phones in this range that have full HD support. Also please check other sites like http://www.gizmomirror.com/phone-deals/phone-deals-list.php before buying. They have good deals on recently released phones that have full HD and other imp features.
its a good phone to have but after some days it started lagging. Another thing is that the battery drains away in just 3 hrs. This issue should be fixed. Overall performance is amazing
battery backup is low,single sim system is not good almost other mobiles have now four four sim capacity. camera is good,sound quality is good.
good and worth price and the product is very good. Really it is worth to purchase through amazon.com
I bought this mobile on Amazon 2 months ago and have been using it. But this cellphone has got lot of issues. It gives different warning messages every minute like "Removed SD card", "reformat it", "sd card inserted" and so on. And start working as if new SD card is inserted. I am dissatisfied with this mobile. Also it gets heatedup very quickly even if you use it for 10 minutes. I will not suggest anyone to buy this product. If you pay another 2k more will get moto g which is really good. You can buy this phone if you have money and ready loose it :(.
Battery Back up is Poor.. Otherwise Phone is best in this Price.
Its great phone with full featured in this budget i m so happy
IT IS VERY VERY GOOD .& ONE DAY DELIVERY.NICE.
user experience 9/10 Phone rating(specs and features) 10/10 overall rating(service,accessories,brand value..etc) 8/10 let me start with cons first!!! 1.single sim... 2.2000 mah battery (2500 would have been better!!!) thats it!!!! i thaught for 10 min!! i dint find any more cons about this phone. Pros. 1. looks like a i-phone(uni body construction). 2.awesome camera (sony exmor sensor is good under low light!) 3. Corning gorilla glass 3... 4. guaranteed kitkat update in july first week!! 5. flipcover, screen gaurd OTG cable etc comes with the box... u save 1k for these accessories
its good ph plz use indian xolo phones
Nice phone xolo q1200 & good features
Very good phone, great camera
DON'T BUY ANY XOLO PHONES.
THE PHONE IS EXCELLENT WITH MOST OF THE GREAT FEATURES HOWEVER THE EARPLUGS PROVIDED AREN'T GREAT BUT OK. OVERALL SATISFIED.
My dear buyer friends.please for god sake read my review .this phone is a crap shit a sluggish outdated and idiotic phone..no battery life no performance.if u can use a phone without a battery then go for it.trust me dont ever buy this .if even u get this for 1 ruppee.dnt waste u r money.please trust me .dnt buy this xolo q1200.dnt buy any xolo phne..pls
Nice phone. Nice UI , themes etc. Overall best phone at this price . Flip cover is of best quality like leather and shining(black). Only problem is screen protecter given free is slightly big so doesn't fit with it and quite heavy phone. I played modern combat 4,5 , asphalt 8 , fifa 14 , nova 3 NONE OF THIS LAG NOT EVEN MINOR LAG AT HIGH GRAPHICS.
Nice Phone
the phone is good....everything like the processor and ram is good....camera is good in daylight but not so much at nighttime.....battery is awesome....also the speaker is too soft.....other than that it is a worthy purchase...
Operating features r bakwSs ..camera n sound quality poor... BT volume good. .its presentable only... Cost wise very poor
Best
good
Wow .wow.wow its price should have been 15000. Except of its battery everything is of great quality.
Its very good phone in this price
Awesome facility provided
battery is bad
This phone heats up too much, even till 50 Degree Battery Temp. Very inferior quality battery. It got swelled up in less than two months to the extent that the screen came off from the right side of the phone. Design looks good, but it is not fit for Xolo to manufacture non-removable battery phones. Because if the battery swell up, the whole phone gets damaged, also if I was asked to pay for the battery and services though the phone and its accessories are still under warranty. There are several software issues in this phone. Mediatek Hardware are not meant for good performance it seems. This phone has bad audio quality in headphones, no matter how good your headphones are. Xolo's headphones are of inferior Chinese quality. Also Company promised Kitkat update in July first week, and till now it hasn't arrived yet, September is about to start. Also the worst part, Just pray that you don't have to visit any Xolo Service Center in India, You are going to have a mental disturbance and sense of loss. Worst ever services. Also, for the minor issues like replacing battery, They take more than 35 days, that too is not guaranteed. Xolo should work on its customer care services, they are very rude and unprofessional. I would not recommend Xolo at all, instead you must buy any already well established Brands, pay a little more, but you would enjoy the services. Xolo is like Beauty but with less life and low brains, also Xolo Care is too slow and sluggish. Xolo Care doesn't really care.
