B00LAQ41GW
it may good looking phone excully we require config good , xolo mobile looking is very good but config not good what they sowing on box , but while operating it half willl cut, before taking xolo read this massage carefully
Its good buying, Huge screen, ram is ok, processor is running fast even when playing Temple Run, Resolution is also good. So overall its a nice one on this price.
Its battery backup is very bad and antutu benchmark is not available rest all is good
Only in 10,000 rs greate actually 15,0000 price but deu to competition and new technology it only in 10,000 rs grate Xolo q2000L Better than Gionee m2 (except battery back up) Greate processer Big display and also wireless display sharing/broadcast/ telecast full HD 1280x1080 for TV ,projector (it only happen with this processor 1.2 GHz Broadcom Processor (BCM23550), Quad Core) this is the best processor ever in this price range) One of the Best Indian mobile company Iss phone sencer ,camera , etc jo bhi he vo sab processor ki bazh se acha he intni kam price me ye processor vala phone to paisa vasul For more knowledge plz click on http://www.broadcom.com/press/release.php?id=s771153
Good phone at affordable price. soft touch. Gud camera quality. Rear camera is nt as gud like 2mp. but u can go for it. If u r not a so called brand lover.
I loved this phone a lot.........
A GOOD ONE BUT THE SOUND VOLUME IS LESS AND BATTERY BACK UP IS ABIT LESS. BUT REALLY I MPROUD TO BE THE OWNER OF SUCH A SMARTPHONE.
Pathetic Product and as it is a sister company of Lava so the same quality in different name.Redimi is better option then this
Its a good budget phone but its speakers is not good and sometimes ph has hang too much otherwise its good.
Nice product I love it so much shipping was so fast I m impress from smaller
can any one help me by saying the details about touch screen of xolo q2000L....calibration,,,type of touch etc
It's a great phone at this tag price.
Good phone and worth for the money!!
Camera is not that much good
Nice phone and nice service
Primary camera is not good
Good phone. Bit heavy.
Good Phone....liked that
Good luck large screen
Not good mobile
Nice phone...
Nice product
Good.....
There are not much ring tones in the phone and also the sound quality is little low. The touch screen sensitivity is not up to the satisfaction. But over all the phone is nice...
NICE
Good
