B00L0YFXVQ
Its an awesome phone! I had been using Android phones for last 3 years, but the joy of using this one is uncomparable. I purchased it in september (1.5 months ago). Review is after heavy usage! a) I dont have to worry about the battery. It comes one full working day. (Am a very heavy user, average 2-3 hours of concalls per day/using mails on phone constantly/on twitter 24*7). b) The interface requires some getting used to. But is very clean! c) Angry birds/Temple run/asphalt etc., are nice. NO LAG whatsoever d) I dropped the phone accidentally 3-4 times over the floor- No damage wahtsover! e) Speaker Phone is extremely good f) Touch Screen is as good as it can be. g) MS office is awesome. I can edit excel sheets with ease. navigate through the outlook as good as I can on my lappie. Did not miss my laptop while travelling on a vacation! (Ofcourse, family was unhappy :-p) h) Only Drawback- Camera is not good. Very Basic. Buy Another phone ONLY if you want a good camera or loads of dirty interface apps ;-) UPDATE after 3.5 months of use. Am still loving it! a) I dropped the phone a dozen times on the floor (by mistake of course) and on one occassion broke the screen and replaced the lcd from a local service centre (costed be ~2.5k vs 4.5k from a nokia care). b) continuing to love the speed of emails. c) twitter and some apps have slightly slowed down and there is a slight lag. wondering if this is because i have not inserted a sd card yet and there is already whole loads of data on the phone memory. will clean up the phone (or install a memory card) and update in next 1/2 weeks. d) voice and clarity continues to be awesome e) most apps working well and crisp. Again, the phone is NOT EXCITING. its a stable functional/dependable phone for the now minority budget conscious folks out there!!
Recently got my new Nokia Lumia 630. Earlier I was using Nokia Lumia 720, but i must say lumia 630 didn't let my expectations down. I simply loved it, Buttery smooth touch, no lags or hiccups on heavy uses (thanks to it's quadcore processor), Good battery life, crisp & sharp display, voice clarity is good, Airtel 3G is running like charm, no drops in Wifi connectivity (even with 24 Hrs connectivity), no battery heating issue. Although ram is 512mb but it's not noticeable since phone is running very smoothly, you don't even think of its hardware specs. Nokia has used onscreen navigation keys in-spite of hardware keys, i am missing the windows sign on bottom side of phone, Nokia must have include this in all its smartphone product range. Secondary camera, flash & dedicated camera button is also missing. Over all, it's a very good phone with this price bracket, you'll get more than you have paid for, don't compare it with high end Nokia Lumia series. Way better than Android handsets. If some one is planning to migrate from boring Android to Windows phone then this is perfect budget Windows phone available in both single & dual sim variants. Go for it without a second thought.
Hi It is mentioned which purchasing that headset is in the box but the same is missing when I have received the product. Pls provide missing headset ASAP. Thanks Shubhashish
Cheers to Amazon! Commendable service. To consider this phone or for that matter any Lumia alive in the market, you have got to understand and love Windows, period. Product Review: Good- Battery life, Color schemes, Build quality, Potent camera, Quality apps, An (intelligent) option to move all apps to SD card, Class leading Map and music apps, Larger storage space, MS office on the go is pretty reliable, Corning gorilla glass looks promising too and still finding... Not so good- Display could be more crisp and punchy, Plastic switches on the sides do not seem durable, Lacks camera shutter, Navigation keys integrated with display. Verdict: For the price you pay for this little piece of sense, i dare you to complain! Thanks. :)
Absolutely satisfied with the phone for the price I paid. This is my first smartphone and I'm pleased with it's smooth performance. I've not tried games on the phone though. It may not have as many apps as android, however it performs basic tasks like email messaging surfing photography music, Microsoft Office, social networking - Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp , other functions like navigation, calendar, tasks, exceptionally well.. Would recommend the phone for entry level smartphone users..
EXCELLENT VALUE FOR MONEY. there is no interface as easy as windows phone. Club it with NOKIA application and you a have a device with power packed features (software wise). In Rs. 9k you get the best hardware from nokia, with exclusive good looks :)
. JUST SNATCHED IT FOR A UNBELIEVABLE PRICE FROM AMAZON.............. EXCELLENT ON TIME DELIVERY FROM AMAZON... PHONE HAS A WOW FACTOR TO IT...... ITS JUST AMAZING.... KUDOS TO MICROSOFT ......... PROS 8.1 OS DISPLAY WID GORILLA GLASS 3 FAST PROCESSOR( SNAP DRAGON QUAD CORE... ) EVEN THOUGH RAM HAS NOT BEEN UPGRADED .. THE PROCESSOR MINDS REST OF THINGS VERY WELL .... SO RAM IS NOT A BIG ISSUE HERE ...... CONS CAN BE MADE USER FRIENDLY... MOST OF THEM WHO ARE NEW TO THESE HAVE A TOUGH TIME WID THESE OS........
I Love this cell.If u want to buy don't hesitate.This mobile having gameloft,whats app,twitter and all apps which u necessary.For video calling this mobile not having front camera. The tlles on the first screen can be created and designed as u like by cool tiles app.By creating microsoft a/c u can download apps and transfer ur files to mobile.the bettery life is very good.if u think out of the box this is the (nokia/microsoft windows8.1)best mobile.the future lies with windows only.
It's a great phone, and value for money if you are looking for alternatives other than Android phones in this price range then go for this pros 1) Comes with cortona, (Even though it is not enabled for india, it can be enabled by changing some settings) 2) Performace is not bad for the price tag 3) good display 4) Battery life is good 6) There is no proximity sensors, but other features of the phone makes up for it. ex: When on call if you touch the screen other than the buttons, display is switched of, this is great considering there is no proximity sensor Cons 1) poor display in outdoor condition 2) No Flash 3) USB Cable is not provided in the box
It requires micro card... Was not aware. Phone processor speed is very good, compared to android phones in same budget..phone has very good battery, RAM is less but not facing any issues like hang or else. Overall happy with the purchase.
Just an amazing phone. Its crisp display, smoothness of touch, and the overall feel makes this product worth possessing. People might complain lack of applications compared with Android, but who cares! The overall experience is what matters.
Best VFM mobile currently available in the market.Using it for the last 7 months. Pros: 1.Top notch 5MP snapper for the price.Way better than all Micromax 8MP cams and some Samsung 5-8MP shooters. No-one can beat Nokia in this segment. 2.Crystal clear audio output 3.Spectacular call quality 4.Very good build quality 5.Absolutely no lag at all. Cons: 1.Menu and back buttons are inside the screen 2 No backlit for in-screen buttons 3.Absence of front-cam and led flash(acceptable for the price) 4.Bundled accessories are less(may be to cut costs)
Unbelievable price. Nokia Windows phone. Good quality camera . Camera is very good like a digital camera. Slim and beauty. Good battery backup. No hangings like a android phones good speed internet speed in 2g network is very good. Yet I am no tried on 3g I don't think 3g is required for this handset to browsing. To watch video and download video 3g is required. Otherwise 2g is sufficient for this handset I am using idea 2g good speed. Very fast charting. My mobile data connection is 24 hour on and i used browsing more then 4 hours battery is still 46% good battery......
This was meant for my 65-year old mother who had never used a touchscreen. I'm not a fan of WP, but the interface seemed to be right for old folks, and it is! After a little setup she is able to quite easily handle the phone and has put it to much better use than the N85 I handed down earlier. Screen is much better than almost any phone under 10k, the speaker is loud and clear and the camera, even without a flash, takes surprisingly good pictures when the light allows. I'm actually quite happy with the purchase, especially since I had very modest expectations.
Pros: 1. Price - comes pretty cheap 2. Build looks solid. 3. Runs Windows Phone 8.1 seamlessly & smoothly without any problems. Cons : 1. Lack of the Camera button on the side causes accessibility issues around enabling the camera. 2. The camera is again not that very great. 3. This is more of a personal preference, but the Orange colored back cover is not exactly glossy, so some people might not like it. Overall : Nokia Lumia 630 is a very nice package totally worth the money you pay for.
Got this phone after much thought over the efficiency of its 512kb RAM, but am extremely happy with its performance out of the box. I also perceive the call quality on Lumia phones (we also have a 525 in the family) to somehow be much better than the nexus4 , blackberry curve, iPhone 5s, that we use... Not sure if anyone else has perceived it too.. As its never highlighted in reviews.. I believe the Lumia 630 (single sim) is super value for money when compared to what else is available at the price point (7,500/-).
I lost myy fav lumia 520 on16th mar and after some searching on17th ordered the 630. It arrived on 19th nicely packed and cod. Main diff now I can trxfr things to SD card n screen bit larger. Microsoft ac helped get my all data back. Its amazing. Battery much better than 520. And all there for rs 5555/-. Windows phone is a treat to or fingers. Nokia store has no non sense apps etc. Just grab one lumia n experience windows. I also use android tab n iPad mini. So u may trust me.
When compared with Android and iOS the windows apps are not upgraded and not so efficient. Very few apps are available in market and the nicer versions are paid. The main drawback for this mobile is NO flashlight, NO front CAM and NO ear phones. Positives are: It doesn't hang even you install so many apps. Its the best product for office purpose but not for entertainment. Superb battery life, it lasts for 2 days when you use normally with whatsapp and phone.
An entry level smartphone from Microsoft that feels anything but entry level. A must buy for its simplicity, functionality, all at a humble price. Buying tip: compare phones based on specs to shortlist/narrow down your options. Then physically use/test the shortlisted phones and buy the one that you are most comfortable with. Please do not buy based on spec comparison only as each phone provides its own unique experience which is different for all users.
good phone, no lag so far, but battery charge lasts for approximately 1 day- while using only calls, internet social media sites/apps and no games
Very good.Amazons delivery is really Amazing.Within Oneday they delivered.But packing is not that much good.Amazon should improve that.Coming to mobile..Its good and I like it.It is stylish handy and also comes with good build quality.One can go for it,It doesnt have front camera,brightness sensor and camera flash.Apart from this it is awesome buy... The one which i liked the most is the 30GB free One Drive storage and other offers on Media
I am a Windows Phone Fan. Especially Lumia. I Love to use Lumia. Bought this phone for my mother. Nd got it for an Amazing Price of ₹5555. While other Online Store & Retail stores sell it for ₹8.5k - 9k. The Product was excellent, without any fault including all accessories. (earphone included). For ₹5555 Lumia 630 was a deal breaker comparing to Moto E.. Phone is working without any issues..
i am writing this review just after 2 days of usage of this phone . Regarding packing of amazon , could have been a liitle bit better . i expect a lot more secure packaging . But fortunately no harm done . coming back to the phone , i think this is the best phone in this price tag . i got it for 8k . touch is extremely smooth . call quality is superb . zero lag ( i am not a gamer ) .mix radio is awesome .
I have been a Windows Phone user since Windows Phone 7.8 days. The OS is really sorted and hardware is really good on this phone, although an LED flash would have been a plus. Windows Phone 8.1 does lack the deep social networking integration that Windows Phone 7.8 offered which is a bit of a shame. However, overall the Windows ecosystem is unbeatable and I am happy with this device.
its very good product & i got this product very much in timing and there is no allegation with it ...... thnx amazon
Nokia 630 is excellent smart phone. I purchased after using HTC wildfire, Panasonic P51 and Samsung Galaxy S III and I find it very good for all my needs i.e. phone, email, scanning documents & it is pleasant change. It is value for money and of course it is windows operating system. Lastly inserting sim is not difficult like in samsung. Migration from google is simple.
Very nice device. Look nice. operating little different from android phone but worth buying this model. On the delivery part Amazon is very good in terms of onl time delivery but the packing was not satisfactory. . Packing should be improved. Overall it was happy online shopping with Amazon. Thiru maran
I like the phone. Best low end windows phone but it lacks certain essential features. The most I miss is the proximity sensor. Coz it is a problem in Skype calls and other calls. But overall it is the best. Cool design and cool features. And service from amazon the best in India. Cheapest price and awesome delivery.
Thanks amazon.in for delivering the mobile at right time. I am a frequent buyer at amazon. Their service till now is really good. About the phone, I am satisfied with the product. only that the camera doesnot have that clarity and that no flash for the camera. Best thing thst I liked is the kids corner.
Super performance and Snapdragon does its work well and Clear black display is awesome.
Nice Product. Reasonable Price with given features. Above all i like the look of phone
The phone has not slowed down unlike my 520. However, there was significant heating produced only a month after purchase. It had to be taken into the service center for corrections. It seems to be working fine now. Still there is a fear for the worst always. Pondering over switching from Windows.
A good value for money phone....2 features I liked is the screen projection feature and the Mobile Data bandwidth saving options when Wifi hotspots are available. Easy to use with decent apps available like Skype, EconomicTimes, Gaana, Hungama etc. Not very friendly to Google Apps as expected since this is the latest 8.1 Windows phone.....overall satisfied with the phone....
I am rather disappointed. Did not meet my expectations. Small screen display creates lot of problems especially typing and that too, for a senior citizen. I prefer big screen, say, 5" or more than 5" screen display. I do not know what will I do with the Lumina 630 I purchased.
Such an amazing phone by Nokia. I am loving it. Although it has 512 Mb ram but there is not any issue of it. Everything running fine. I am playing asphalt 8 in it and believe me it is running very smooth. An excellent phone by Nokia in this range. Over should buy it for sure..
the delivery of Nokia lumia 630 yellow made by the amazon.in is beyond expectation and is excellent. And Nokia Lumia 630 is excellent mobile in average range. Battery back is very good. There is no hanging Problem. One should must go for this mobile in average range.
feels a nice build quality..elegant look..weights not so heavy also...the orange mat finish at back side is awesome..but should have added a camera flash also...hoping upcoming windows 10 release will prove value to lumia brands in its functionality part....
Pros great price .... but whats the use if you have to replace display you have to spent the same cost as buying price !! Cons Delicate display ... I had to spend Rs 4000 to replace broken display !!! Display clarity not great
Shipping speed is too gud. Excellent guys and the quality of the product is perfect. Actually i live in washington dc, for the first time i ordered a mobile to my mom on her bday. I feel very happy that the tracking order is also too good. Perfect site
The phone is good...eventough its 512mb ram its works very fast at the time of opening any apps.But u find bit heating on the back panel at the time of installing any apps like instagram or etc...Overall its a gud handy to try...
Thanks Amazon for living up to the next day commitment and also selling products at such competitive prices. The packing etc was perfect and the product itself is great value for money looking to use a smartphone for basic usage
It is a good Phone and my wife has liked it. The onle issue with it is the flash which she has failed to access and some internet connections which are taking away her Air time with out her requesting for such services
Bluetooth tooth somewhat difficult to connect with normal phones,for phone locking only number lock facility is available,music quality is not good compared to sony Ericsson phones,i think its monosound,remining all ok..
its really a ausome device.windows phone is really best phone ever according to me.And lumia 630 its ausome device only two thing missing that is no flash and no front camera but thats not a big factor.(pratip ghosh)
good looking phone with very nice performance and display...Win 8.1 is nice and user friendly..also got it at an amazing price at Amazon..with timely and safe delivery...nice experience ordering from Amazon
Flawless performance, simple yet wonderful design, slim, long lasting battery, beautiful interface, amazing Cortana assistant, simply the best!! Thanks MS and Nokia!! Windows phone are underrated!! Love it!
did not work. it was hanging all the time. data was erased. a different person's emails were being downloaded to the device. switched it with Nokia Lumia 630 dual sim. So far dual sim looks good.
although the set is ok but somehow I am facing a problem that sometimes the touch screen stops working. has happened 2 times since purchase. I wonder whether the hanset has any problem.
one star less coz there are better products now.
Excellent product. Exceeded my expectations. Go for it if you need high end mobile features and look in a budget price. Amazon packaging and shipping time are top-notch.
DON'T EVEN THINK OF ANYTHING BAD ABOUT THIS PHONE. JUST GET IT. LIGHTNING FAST DELIVERY FROM AMAZON. HAPPY WITH PRODUCT AND SERVICE. THANX AMAZON.
Good product, I'd one is not a heavy user. Gets heated up on heavy usage. No front camera, works for me as I carry out just for calls and messaging.
A phone which is best for camera.even with the 5 mp cmr it takes amazing photos.but many of its apps have to be bought on the store.android is good for that
super phone.camera very good. iam using bothsingle sim and dual sim versions. best windows phone. scratch proof screen. great buy at low price. grab it
Its amazingly wonderful. I liked it. Very good gaming experience, eventhough less than 1GB Ram. Good reception and good one in this range of prize.
Product is good but delivered after the occassion date. No value for me Faulty deliverable commitments. Last Purchase from my side.
Amazing phone at great price and i love the orange matte finish at the back. Thanks to amazon for delivering the product on time as promised.
it's a amazing gadget from NOKIA! despite of lower RAM, processor response in quite OK. only worry is sound. i don't think it is optimum.
Good battery life touch is very smooth no hanging problem over all very good phone at this price 7773 u amazon offers me at low ptice
Thanks a lot, happy with service
Terrible, had a start up problem with the phone and had to return it. Picked up lumia 625 instead and that has been working well.
Nice phone, I purchaged it for my sister. Amazon is amazing, they delivered it in time.sister told she is happy with the phone.
it is worst phone in the world . dear guys please dnt dare to buy it . its really mentally and financially irritating phone .
Got it for my Dad, he never complained. Big screen and clarity and battery is what all they expect, which this does very well.
if u can manage without front camera, it's a Best One for 6300/- I m using it since last 1 month, never disappointed me.
The product is good the the piece I got was made in Taiwan n not of India or china .Therefore not so sure about its quality
Awesome mobile for awesome price Con's: No ambient light sensor Rest all is good only Its a nice try
Lumia Is The best. Please go for it for a rich and genuine use. You will love the handy and user friendly interface too.
It was great experience with amazon and Nokia thanks for your instant co operation Also thinking to order in future
Veru good Windows phone,meets all requirements for personal use. Very good service for prompt delivery from Amazon.in
Nice phone, would recommend
genuine original nokia product only at amazon.in , best products at cheap price.alwasy shop only at amazon.in
Smart phone that is actually smart, more so becasue of the Windows Os. Very fast and very good value for money
Except the browser(Internet Explorer) all the features in the phone is working good, fast and ease of access.
pretty happy with this device... awesome.... but problem is that no front cam and less ram..anyway happy...
GOOD PRODUCT. VALUE FOR MONEY WITH BEST FEATURES Little upset as no head phone is included by Mfr
Its nokia microsoft at its best only a led flash and a front camera was required over all great product!
My rating is 3.5 but as it is not possible to provide 3.5 as a rating here so I have gone with 4. The real life and soul of 630 is Windows 8.1. It is the best Windows Phone OS from MS. Well for those who are new to smartphones and are looking to buy their first ever smartphone Windows 8.1 will definitely satisfy them. Those who are hesitating to buy 630 because of it's 512MB RAM should not worry because the OS runs very smoothly and even the apps and games compatible with this amount of RAM are now available. Good Sides of 630:- 1) Windows 8.1 2) Design, build quality 3) Battery performance 4) Quad-core processor 5) Camera does a descent job in open areas. Bad Sides of 630:- 1) Display - Only 854X480 resolution is not enough. Even Moto E has more resolution. 2) The display screen is a fingerprint magnet. Within just a few minutes of usage the screen will be full of your prints and you'll end up running the screen like the Alladin's chirag!! 3) No front facing camera - Yes at this price the camera quality of all front facing cameras are disgusting but still Nokia let the customers decide what they want to do with the camera. 4) No flash light - Camera is of no use in dark areas. 5) No headsets included in packaging -Definitely to reduce the price Nokia did some cost cutting on the packaging part of 630. Conclusion:- You will get only what you pay for and not a bit more.
It is great to use such dynamic phone having all required function. I am happy with this phone.
Impressed. Sensors a bit of problem.got windows 10 preview. Loving it for the price and build
Awesome phone but windows still needs improvement. Let's see what happens with windows 10.
Phone back cover was not aligned with the camera..looks like a faulty piece sold with discount. Never expected such acts from amazon. Here after i ll think twice before purchasing anything from amazon
i got the Nokia Lumia 630 safely and its working fine thanks a lot for your services.
If you love Windows 8.1, you will love this phone. It's really light weight too.
Worth the money....sleek and a solid design...different from the normal Lumia design!
No screen guard,no headphones. The delivery was on time. The phone seems to be good.
Good
Awesome purchase..
You have not give us accessories like earphone, computer cord, memory card etc
i have purchased it for my daughter who is very happy very economical price
go nd just buy it becoz if u want best luking phone then its best..........
Good piece but the cover comes of v easily. And it slips easily from hand.
The Phone is great. Just was disappointed with the no front cam feature.
Better than android junk, windows innovative think made Lumia a success
Best value for money phone within the Windows phone portfolio till date
Great phone. Value for money. Simple to use and very stable and fast.
I Purchased this phone only keeping in mind the qualitative aspect of Nokia brand.the Phone lacks many common features like front camera, Flash light. The internet speed is the slowest of its kind. The Phones biggest disadvantage is you cant charge it by keeping it in switch off mode, coz it automatically turn on when plugin the charger. The Company doesn't even provide a headphone with the cell. It has no voice recorder or in call recording facility. But, only thing that satisfies me is the Quality of nokia phones they are long lasting. Inspire of all these drawbacks this is an awesome phone in this price range.
Fantastic quality. Never hangs; decent battery life 2-3 days
Quality product from Nokia and one of the best budget phone.
Good Instrument, Hope to have a smooth experience with it
Good phone and better than my previous one (Lumia 900)
Its Dual SIM not single SIM Its good as expected
good phone but not provided cover and scratch guard
Excellent Phone. Nice screen resolution. stylish.
Got it in awesome price, Rs 5555/-. Thanks Amazon.
Amazon ... Excellent .... Product ..... Excellent
I bought this mobile and not switching on at all
Keep continuing to delight your Customers :-)
Escaped from Lagggingg android... great phone
Phone is very good it reaches my expections.
Good,but device was getting heat while using
Thanks for Amazon best and original product
Product is Awesome and service is fabulous.
good speed on the internet, easy to handle
price could have little less!Product is OK
Delivery is fast,product quality is good.
Always hanging...have lots of limitation
Good condition andworks fine till date.
Good product with long battery backup
Expected performance for the price.
very good phone in this price range
Bought for my dad. He is very happy. Lacks front Camera
smart phone with smart features...
GREAT PRODUCT. EXCELLENT DELIVERY.
I'm satisfied with this factory.y
Very good phone at given price.
Excellent phone for the price.
Good phone for the money paid
It is compact package for me.
Amazing product - 5* service
Rocking performance 
awesome....go for it.......
great value for money.....
Nice Phone & easy to use.
Excellent mobile by nokia
its a good mobile but i do not get any headset along with it. i am also ordered a flip cover but amazon does not give me.
Good phone to have it
happy with the phone
Great Budget Phone
Nice budget phone
Amazon rocks!!!!!
Value for money.
Very satisfied. I bought the single sim phone. You can also buy a dual sim model. Many people have asked a question - how to locate files once they are downloaded. There is no built in way you can locate them in mobile. But this problem is easily solved. You just need to add an App named "Files". Its a very small app. It helps you access files and also sorts them according to its type. I love this handset. Camera quality is also good. No issues.
Value for money
Good phone...
not gonna buy this cuz of lack of front cam and flash
I am happy.
Good mobile
nice phone.
Gr8 Outlook
Good phone.
Best phone
nice phone
Nice phonw
good phone
I like the slik interface but microsoft can further work on making the interface more user friendly. It doesn't hang like android which is a great relief :) But I am not able to use the contacts on my sd card nor m I able to sink them with the phone. That's a big issue.
ITS OK..
Recently I bought this wp from amazon.delivery was too quick,thank you amazon for the delivery,one thing I don't like about from this phone is the back cover it is made with using cheap kind of a plastic.otherwise ok.
Nice Phone... Looks great, Fast enough... Best feature is "here maps", which is offline maps another best feature: "nokia mix" radio Recomend this to other users
Not worth purchasing this product. The speaker gets heated up quiet fast as well as the delivery person told us that please do not purchase any product from Amazon. Got Suprised!!!!!
Not bad
The phone is good but I found that there was one photo of one of the guy so it gave me confusion weather it was used one. Rest I don't have any issue
Product is awesome. If this would have come with 1 GB ram it would have killed all value phone market. Thank you Amazon for nice package.
Needs to be more user friendly for elderly individuals. Copy/paste is cumbersome. Speed may also be improved further more .
Good
Good
Good
Facing Heating Issue During call only after 5 to 10 minutes , Never expected it from Amazon
good windows phone good battery back up only upto 16 gb card works
cool phone. amazon's one day delivery is awesome. thanks.
Simply awesome. Great grip. Compact. Fast. Love ❤ it
Very good deal .....satisfied wth amazons
go for the 730. This isnt worth it
not much good
Poor memory and technical specification as usual with Nokia phones. This price you can get a better configuration phone in other brands. I purchased as it syncs better with Ford Ecosport as its Sync is on Microsoft platform as this Nokia phone.
I bought one NOKIA LUMIA 630 from M/S ZAHRA PHONES PVT. LTD., LULU MALL, KOCHI on June 2014. The phone bought was for my daughter. She is using the phone sparingly. Yesterday morning when she opened the phone, display is on but the touch screen was not working. I went to the NOKIA authorised service centre at Kochi today and on examining the phone, they informed me that there is rust in inside the phone and it has been caused because of falling the mobile in water. I told the people the service centre that my daughter is using the sparingly and there is no water leakage in the phone, but they never considered my requests.Attitude of the service person sitting at the counter was not at all customer friendly. I am using iphone 5S and Blackberry 9780 BOLD and my daughter was using SAMSUNG. All these phones never give any complaint to us. I had made wrong choice by choosing LUMIA 630.Dear friends never ever buy a LUMIA MOBILE PHONE.
Worst product. Total waste of money, disgusting phone.
