B00L7QZX9Y
Awesome mobile, octacore processor really very happy, battery life and user interface amazing,
I had bought and gifted this phone to my wife a year ago. She was earlier using Samsung s3. When she confirmed that she is thoroughly satisfied with octane and is better than Samsung I also bought it recently. I find this phone really impressive fast and usefull. No need of buying costly phones for same features.
battery will be down instantly otherwise it is OK
Good performance, very smooth operations, no problem with hanging etc., good battery life. Worth the money paid...
phone is good,slim body,look is fine,only one negative point face,when i push calling number that time calling sometime calling fame zoom,otherwise phone is nice in this price.
Dont buy any Karboon Mobile I Have Used 3 Karboon Mobile From last two Years, that my experience told Pros Good Looking Cons 1 ) After 2-3 Month Will give u something Problem in hardware. 2) Not Good service, even in Mumbai like City. 3 ) Small Problems also took 2 to 3 month for servicing 4 ) in service they will create Another Problem 5) More of Warranty Period Goes to Servicing Even More Than Half Of Warranty Period. that's why 6) they Makes Us Full with good Design, 7) Dont Buy Any Karboon Mobile they r wast of Mony & Time u can Go For Nokia for Good Hardware Or Micromax they give good Service
IT'S GOOD TO USE, TO LIKE, TO LOOK, AND EASY TO USE THE NICE SYSTEM AS PROVIDED. BUT SOME TIME WHEN I USE THE NET CONTINUE ON MAP ITS HEATED. SO HOWEVER ITS EXELLENT PIECE OF KARBONN.
Dont buy any karbon mobile its not good product
This phone was awesome but it getting. More heat when i saw the video and put charging pls change this mobile give the another pieace
It's very good mobile phone at a very compatible price of Rs 8200 with 5" HD screen, 1.7 GHz processor, good camera.
phone is good but the problem is with battery. it stands only for 5-6 hours on calls.
Its Camera is definitely not up to the mark, other features are ok,
Your response was amazing. Thank you for co-operation
Good to use...better than the other costly mobile...
Phone... Very nice but camera not good
I'm using this product from August 2014 no any problem occurs in this product so according to me in this price range its an awesome product
good mobile but battery life bed
Smooth and fast... I like it...
Touch not working properly and camera not opening at all. I returned it and now purchased one plus one from your website.
The mobile simply awesome. Octa processor is great. 13 mp cam... <3 great lookz. Low price.. Love thz phn....
its a good phone......
good set in the price
Its A Nice Phone !!!
What a design....
Awesome phone really worth each penny.amazing features and a very light phone.has a descent camera and battery life as well and a very smooth touch interface
Super camera good feature and light wt better purchase it worth while
Superb quality
Good Product for the said price... The only problem is heating.... the specifications offered by Karbonn are the best.....
Awesome Camera , No hangs, Cool display, Slim piece,Octa core Processor .. So far so Good!
Good mobile for budget price with awesome slim shape
The Amazon said this mobile has 16GB of internal memory; wherein I found it to be LESS THAN 8 !! Do not buy this phone !!
nice......
Best at this price..I couldn't be happier..
Awesome
its best product for best price ...... don't watch anything just by this ......... its good but when we use the net then battery goes down and its all android mobile problem need to improve battery o/w nice ........ thnaks AMEZON ... i like it
Fantastic handset, worth buying!!!
Poor BT................ Or problem
Karbonn Titanium Octane (Black) is OK but battery back up is low, camera is not which is specified 13 MP, its seems only 3 MP and front camera may be 2 MP more over touch is not fast access - Karbonn bluffed us - Gouthaam
Its nice, sleek instrument. packed with features. but it hangs sometimes. that becomes an issue to the extent that you have to remove battery and restart the phone
Nice
My relatives bought two karbonn mob n it had too many problems. You can buy Sam. Grand neo or Xiaomi Mi3 in this price or Xolo phones
I received karbonn titanium Octane 1 month back. Good phone, sleek & smart. But accessories are not good. Battery backup not much.
Titanium Octane is another and latest Smart Phone from Karbonn. But the question Is this factual combination of low prices and good features? Here is rating based on my experience. 1. Design- 3.5 2. Display- 4.0 3. Software- 3.0 4. Performance- 3.5 5. Battery Life- 3.0 6. Camera- 3.0 7. Value for money- 3.0 Total- 3.0/5 Two Best Things:- 1. Good screen 2. Good performance in synthetic benchmarks Two Worst Things:- 1. Awful cameras 2. Apps
Looks good , display amazing. Its quite different than my earlier Android which was Jelly Bean. So far it seems to be good. The only damp squib was the charger in the box is not working. I charged my phone using an older charger. The brand new one not working so thats too bad especially for charging it for the first time. Another complaint is that there are too many E-commerce apps which can't be removed. I have disabled them and got them out of sight but there should be an option to make them removable. Phonewise seems to be good so far. Any major observations and I will edit this.
Very Good phone...octa core processor in such a less price..front caera is just awsome
Good one Thanks
heaviest mobile in the world.. 939g . really helpful for the girls to kill anybody .. mobile is far far better then s5 and iphone. go for it.. made up of titanium alloy .. enjoy ur true killer mobile experience.
Good product
Heat problem when use for 10 -15 min
Not clear whether the description is for 13/5 MP cameras of Karbonn Titanium Octane or Karbonn Titanium Octane plus 16/8 MP cameras. please clear to make decision
Good
13 MP Camera is not actually click good images
Delivery time is good..but product is bad.
very weak touch glass
