B00LA1JF0Y
[UPDATE March 2015: I have installed custom ROM Nokdroid 1.1 from xda developers website and now google play store/services as well as youtube are perfectly working and syncing. So its a fully functional android phone from nokia] Note- I purchased from flipkart.. I have used android for past 3 years so was looking for something different. Microsoft won't promote this much as this is probably the last line of forkdroid phones by nokia. They would eventually kill all these (asha and X series) in favour of low end lumias. This is one of the best and last hybrid phones from nokia stable. First thing, i updated my phone to 2.1.0.12 (based on JB4.3 AOSP project) using nokia care suite through nokia data packet manager.It now supports some google services. It was 899Mb download. For some reason i was not getting the OTA update 1) The screen has clear black display not too large/small ..so fits nicely in hand, feels and looks good, nice contrast. 2) Previously I faced several issues (hardware) even with sony xperia range-like screen stopped working or usb malfunctioning. It seems Nokia's Build quality is much better than similarly priced droids with traditional nokia style back shell. My asha 501 still works fine after 1.5 years. 3) Two micro sim slots are there. I have also tested with fully filled 32gb class 10 card.. works fine. 4) This is the only phone where i can run HERE maps (fully offline-whole country) and google maps side by side!!!! 5) Nokia store has all the necessary apps we need.. Also there is 1mobilemarket, Aptoide, Yandex stores where we get tons of android crap apps....along with ability to side load apps. 6) Built in Email client is nice and easy to use.. no problems with gmail.Google contacts can be synced up and arranged without any problems. 7) All the communication apps like hike,whatsapp,line,wechat,skype etc are supported. 8) Opera is the main browser, its fast but if need arises then we can also install chrome,uc browser, firefox etc. 9) Battery life is better than i expected. snapdragon 200 eats less juice it seems. 10) Fastlane interface is butter smooth doesn't eat up ram and joy to use.It was introduced with asha lineup. Uptill now even lumia users dont have this interface! 11) Camera is nice in day light conditions it has flash along with autofocus. 12) I have played some casual games, adreno GPU does a fine job. I am enjoying this one!! I recommend this product. Correct buying price should be between 7 to 7.5K
its ok product but no one repairing center or even no one NOKIA SERVICE CENTRE TAKE CARE of when we purchase any online product,,,,,, what to do??/ NOKIA SERVICE CENTER even not treat us as a customer , they said that "this is not our product you go where you purchase this product" ,,,,, sooo what to do when we purchase online any product????????
Awesome product by nokia at this price range, runs super smooth, i like the GUI, supports almost all the android apps, camera quality is good, love u nokia....
Thanks to amazon for its quick delivery of only in two days of giving the order and also for offering lowest price as compared to other online stores. Coming to mobile. This is an awesome phone in this range, and the brand name nokia meets the true build quality. Pros: 5 mp cmera is too good, excellent pics can be taken, hd camera. Battery backup is sufficient for the given screen size. Gos on for 15-16 hr with moderate use also net use. Brightness is more than compared to moto e. No lagging till now, plays all android games and apps smoothly. Calling is also good. No issues found. Updated my phone, no problems, its just was a 2 mb update. 217ppi is sufficient for 4.3" screen. Cons: Pics in low light or in the night are worst.....but what can we expect at such a price. Internal is only 4gb.....and only 2gb can be used. Android Themes cannot be applied. Overall a good phone to buy specially for those who are bored of the same android cells..and guys....I must say, Nokia has a very good quality..
Hello Every one Here is very very simple Review for NOKIA X2 - Dual Sim mobile phone in X Series 1. Nokia Brand 2. Size is Easy to Handle and Sleeky Glassy Look 3. Speed Superb : 1 GB Ram 4. Display 4**** 5. Semi Android/ Windows: Looks awesome by downloading Nova Launcher 6. Aptoide Market helpfull for downloading Apps for this phone 7. Music, Video, Internet Speediness Pretty Good 8. 32 GB expandable memory 9. Battery best in the range (Avg 1 Day) 10. Strong fight to all other phones in the market in the range Allthe above for just below 8K......worthy pick from The Nokia Fans
There are a huge number of phones in this range but I chose this one because of its atrong features. I am happy with this product. Here are some +ves and -ves +ves 1.Camera quality is quite good. Even in low light 2. Ram is big 1GB 3. Brand is Nokia so I can hope long lasting quality and support for this set unlike Micromax Gionee Lava etc in which one or the other problem occurs in later years...Overall this phone is good for those who dont change phones frequently. 4.The main spark of this phone is its ability to run all the Android apps. Unlike Nokia's other sets which are based on Pathetic Windows OS this one saves the day. 5.Easy to Use Interface -ves 1. Screen size is small; for those who are fan of Big Screen phones this phone will disppoint u because of its 4.5" screen size.I a much lower price and same config u can get Micromax Unite 2 with 5" screen but thats "Micromax" and in Microsoft(Nokia) phone u may buy Lumia 535 but thats totally Windows Based...so This is Nokia X2 is preferable there. Overall I am happy as I have my separate parameters for judgement.
Good Phone for the price. Microsoft phone which allows you to download android apps. Camer quality - bad. Clicks good picture only in proper light Speaker - bad Music - Speakers pretty bad. If u have good quality ear phones the problems solved touchscreen- good Does not hang up. Battery last for more than 24 hrs on moderate usage.
Whatsapp works just like in any other android phone. But you have to download the apk file from whatsapp website and install manually. All free apps from play store can be installed. Use the website http://apps.evozi.com/apk-downloader/ to download the apk files. If you already have purchased any paid app from play store that cannot be installed. Google maps can be installed and works well except that you cannot sign in to your google account to see your saved places if you have any. Any one of the two sims can be used on 3G network. Camera sound can be turned off. There is no notification LED. The vibration while pressing the home & back buttons cannot be disabled. Very heavy for its screen size. But not a big problem. Looks like a premium device, especially the black one, in my opinion. Considering the specs and price, overall performance is excellent. No need to worry about that.
great product. battery life lightyears better than the much hyped galaxy series.... easily lasts a full day with data connection all through.. works much much smoother than the samsung platform which often hangs. very thin and the black version looks like a costly phone. the only bad thing is that the in-built ring tones are horribly pathetic.
Excellent phone from Nokia, now Microsoft. A polished version of Nokia X with good specifications and performance. Price of @ Rs 7,000 is really value for money. Ergonomic as well has a relative broad width. Too bad that they did not continue the series at this price point.
Nokia x2 is a best android phone for nokia,with low cost best quality,all of them buy this phone its amazing an support playstore also,but packing is bad, only box pack not available in bubbles packing,,,
Nokia will be able to deliver its best if product is manufactured in India rather than china, I have shifted to samsung only because my previous nokia phones which i bought was manufactured in china and it did not last long,the disadvantage of samsung is that flash player is not supported and in sites namely www.janasanyogassam.nic.in, the flash player support disadvantage is clearly seen so for nokia this are my suggestion make a phone like a desktop all else will disappear
Very good best in this category no hang no lag Good looking running all android apps And last but not least its microsoft brand
i am great fan of nokia..it is the best decision by nokia(microsoft) to choose android os for their mobiles... lowest price compared to other cheap mobiles...quality is ok.. camera: in lday light condition main camera is great but in low l8 condition it is dissappointed..front cam is wastage of india...touch is ok...fastlane is ok...headset quality is low..customized jellibean is great...
Excellent phone from nokia.smart features n looks..very user friendly..great buy..quick n prompt delivery by amazon
Writing after about 3 months of usage... great device ... break from android!! Pros Great display n fab looks Good n smooth touch Great voice clarity Both sims usable for 3g data Nokia here drive... the best offline nav sys Cons Lesser apps as compared to android Overall a great buy...
This is the best product ever i had from nokia at the price of about 7000. Product have nice IPS+scratch resistant display and design,amazing fast lane feature with 1 GB of ram and dul core processor which works is so far better then any chinese make brand.No lag at all.All android apps are working fine.Go for it blindly.
Well nice design,camera is good but not best,use data very fast thats the main problems i face with it, but have some good apps,this mobile is good but not best so go for samsung galaxy core are gionee mobile have best option than this mobile,ITS JUST 3 STAR MOBILE. Dont go on gsm arena ratings.
Received this on 12th Oct..everything is just fine..the GUI..the processor...apps runs without any lag.. But the camera is a bit disappointing..Lumia 520 has a better camera than this.. But still at the price no other phone is as smooth at running all those android apps.. Best for the price tag..
mast hai boss... go nd grab it...evrything is best in dis nokia phone... i love it..
nice mobile good battery and best graphic engine play all hd games like ashpalt 8
Its a good phone with very good battery backup.battery lasts for a complete day with maximum usage.have a good camera.nokia store is not good.only a very few apps.little software issues are there.double tap to wake up screen doesn't works.nokia is not updating its software.
Its great android mobile. It lacks few functions but thats ok. Never hangs. Nokia should not have discontinued it. I was eagerly waiting for next android device with more better specs. Battery life is good and with launchers its same as other market androids.
Good Phone..Almost like an android fone...pure value for money
I never thought Nokia would bounce back....and LIKE THIS awesome phone. Gread looks and superb performance. Move aside other brands...The king is back. Thank you Amazon for the brilliant service..You guys are the best
Hi, I bought this phone 1 month back,, an i really love it..... it meets all your expectations,,,, speed... clarity... just have one minor issue battery... only one day.... except awesome product by nokia......
1. Data cable not provided. 2. For google play store we need to downlad a tool in pc and then run the programe. So this is to draw back with handset. Other wise good to operate.
while incoming cal the screen is shaking
Awesome phone, no prob till now...
this mobile is very papular colour
Everything is good but the only problem is the camera, it's not as I expected, disappointed with the camera, otherwise everything is fine
excellent phone for this price
Nice smartphone with good camera clarity but problem to install whats app and other google play application.
Good phone in this price
nice phone at this price range I can suggest to buy this phone who has a budget of around 8000 Rs.
Excellent phone and great value for money with the discount . Bought for my wife who just loves it .
I m pretty satisfied with the device as its loaded with all the features at a very reasonable price.
Mobile was superb.....
mic problem starts as soon as buy it and service center not accepting bills issued by amazon.in
Its looking very good but eska camera itna acha nhi hai or phone games main hang bhi hota hai
Good for students!!!
Best value for your money better than any branded phone in this price range no lag , tile UI (can be changed) powerful battery big screen and so on for lag free android experience ,just grab it
I LOVE IT BABY...
Very nice phone and touch exeland bt amar phone ta defective chilo....
The phone met my expectations. I wanted a smartphone for usage limited to accessing 3-4 apps and in-built features. The camera is excellent, the phone runs without any obvious issues for a good 20-24 hours once fully charged (I use 2G). It looks pretty cool, too. The battery heats up if you use 3G non-stop for over 5 hours, but I don't know if others have faced this issue. The speaker decibels could've been higher, but I usually use headphones, so that isn't a problem for me. To conclude, I think it is a very good phone, with excellent features and is available at a great price! I'd recommend anyone looking for an affordable phone to go for Nokia X2... It's totally worth the money!
As Nokia brand is.. the phone is reliable.. good product at best price
i love the mobile thanks to amzonnn......i day delivery so gud....
X2 is very good phone its price very less awesome
Nice Phone
very good by considering all the aspects........
it is great in function.like camera fm and apps.
Good phone but problem in updating of whatsapp
Satisfied with the product and quick delivery.
Best anroid phone with best price Rs.7200.
Good hai
Nokia X2 is a very very good smart phone
Nic phone but its not support many apps
Good mobile in the price range by Nokia
Didn't got update to x 2.1 version yet.
Everything is fine except for quality.
woow to very nice cell phne i like it
<b>Ok phone.</b> Not so good not bad
Go for it,1gb ram ,design is super
2 and half star tks Ali
Wonderful set.....user friendly
Excellent touch. Nice Colours. Clean and Clear graphics. Runs smoothly. There are only two problems. Camera quality is not upto the mark and battery does not run for long, otherwise mobile is excellent.
Working fine..... till now....
Not satisfied with the product
Nokia x2 Complete personal review Recieved it yesterday, tested the phone 1st thing never felt like an android phone. secondly it's that lame microsoft built product, which looks like a dumb windows phone. 3- Camera is awful, doesn't feel its a 5mp resolution, my opinion its just like a china made lens. 4- Speed, well i don't think it can handle high end games for long as the phone heats up a lotwithin couple of mins which doesn't seem to be normal in this case, claims to have a dual-core with ddr2 ram which i think was decent, would been better with quad. Screen display doesn't look rich especially when you play games low ppi 217, even other wise it doesn't look good sound clarity is average, with no preset equalizer. Never got a chance to test wifi. positive - looks and outer build quality which felt standard. Overall i suggest go for this phone only if you are a windows fan n looking for a good looking phone with absolutely no features.
nice.
Its best in its price level
Performance - Ok Nokia X Platform Update - Problem (Bad) Camera - Ok Music on Headphone - Not Good Battery – Average Sound Quality - Average
The Best phone for its price Superb battery life Free RAM around 300-400 mb always. Nokia music app is the best app out there, no ads and free music!
Nokia X2 is one of the best phones that Nokia has released so far.First the appearance of the phone is very good.The screen is 4.3inch which is (medium).It has got the design and durability which Nokia phones are famous for . coming to software it has got Android 4.2.2(jelly bean).It has dual sim GSM,WCMA both micro sim.It comes with 4gb internal and expandable upto 32 gb ANd free 7gb cloud storage.Camera 5MP main camera with HD video recording and 0.2 MP front camera. which is good for skype calls.It comes with some cool apps like Skye,Plants vs zombies,Temple run and many more.For music lovers it has a cool app called mix Radio brillant app.It has WiFi,Bluetooth.Going to internal powerful internal system driven by a dual core Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor clocking in a speed of 1.2GHz.with 1gb ram.Battery 1800Mah.over all it is the best phone for the price paid.
good
best in the range......
AS PER MY EXPECTATION.
realy..super phone...
Very very good phone
good smart phone
Very good mobile
it is ossssssmmm
[...] Nokia X2: Not A Good Value for Money Nokia X2 has been launched by Microsoft last week in India and the price band is ranging between Rs. 8500 to Rs. 9,999. Obviously being the fresh launch, at some online portals the price is exaggerated. It is better to check its best price here. The model comes in Orange, white and Black colors. The difference between earlier Nokia X series and this one is the front buttons in this model. App list is the new feature in this model that assists you to use multiple apps simultaneously quite easily. It has 1.2 GHz dual core processor which is Qualcomm Snapdragon. RAM is 1 GB and display is 4.3". 1800mAH battery is almost standard these days in most of the smartphones. Primary or rear camera is 5 megapixel and the front camera is .3 megapixel. It supports dual SIM. It runs on Android. You get 15 GB of space on cloud on OneDrive from Microsoft on registering your smartphone.
I loved this phone..specially at this price - you are getting almost everything. we can use whatsap as well :). Most of applications can be installed...but if you have any specific requirement for apps...then please confirm the installation before you buy. I couldn't able to install magicjack that I was earlier using for international calls. Rest at this price full marks..
Phone is good. Camera quality is also good. No hanging problem but windows sucks. Nokia store does not has whatsapp. I am not able to install whatsapp on it. Also the original gmail app is not there in store. A lot more apps are missing from the store. It is a mess. I purchased this phone in the name of Nokia. Guys be careful before purchasing a windows phone
good valu tk
Nice product
good product
previously i had android mobile, which is to support google applications at faster rate. comparitively it is bit slow, but display, and voice clarity is good. for games it is not advisable, it heats faster rate and touch response for temple run and other games not good.
WASTE CELL
Satisfied
Its Good
its good
Good smartphone with appreciable features. Batt life not so good.
great
good
good
GOOD
good
Hi
ok
10% cash back. Till now not credited
Pros: 1. Speed- Awesome ( Never lags for single time) 2. Build Quality- Best...also very good look 3. Camera - Best camera in the range , but not great like Lumia 730, 830 etc. 4. Display- Good (not exceptional) 5. Battery backup - Best (1.5 days almost for moderate usage i.e 1 hr call, 2 hrs wahts app, facebook & mail, 1/2 hr game daily) 6. Secure & Best apps 7.HERE maps (fully offline-whole country) and google maps also. 8.Low cost (Rs.7,000 is really value for money) Cons: 1. Music on Headphone - Not Good (Change the headset for best result). 2. Battery backup is good but not exceptional like other Windows Phones (May be due to Android). 3. All other features are not up to Nokia Standard still better than any other Android phones.(Samsung, Sony , Moto & etc) Buy this smarty If 1. Ur budget less than 8-9 k 2. Want best Android phone at this price range 3. Love Nokia quality I will recomment go for Windows OS & Nokia brand (Now MS). If you cant then x2 is good option.
Got this phone today. Was really disappointed. I was delivered a faulty piece. Did not except this from Amazon. The screen seems to flicker immediately I switched it on and some minute red dots in verticl lines are clearly visible on the screen. Earphones are the worst part of the package. Nokia, please wake up and look around. Brands like Celkon and Micromax are offering better specs and quality.
good phone.
