B00LSPH89C
it is quite a good phone, serving all my needs
Awesome phone and very nice features quick touch response and good battery backup and also delivered on time by amazon thank u for your great service.
Bought Device, as Samsung reduced the cost to Rs.7,900/- But I'm Really disappointed after using. WVGA 800 x 480p screen Pixels resolution for 4.5 inch looks bad display, needed still better pixel resolution(900x540p) with wide viewing angle. Samsung Claims this as Successor of Galaxy Core Duos with Quad core Processor, But Fact is most of the features are removed to reduce the cost. Cons: Bad Camera Performance, No Light sensor. Performance is slightly improved than Core Duos by providing Quad Core Processor. But Device heats and lag some times while playing Higher end Games, Only 700MB RAM provided, Needed 1GB RAM for handy performance. It's maybe 1.2Ghz broadcom chip set, should have tried Qualcomm snapdragon 400 instead. Samsung kindly don't make customers unsatisfied. If you are a gamer, be completely away from this. Google's Android One with Micromax is far better for price Rs.6,000/- Click this review helpful, if you agree. So new buyers be-aware, And Samsung notice and make further development as per Need, and also fix the price as Features Provided.
I Purchased 2 Handsets of the Samsung Galaxy Core 2 SM-G355H (Black), 1st on 23-12-2014 which was perfectly Okay and the Set and Battery were of 'November 2014' Batches, but the 2nd Handset with accompanying Battery that I bought in January 2015 were of 'June 2014' Batches. I find the Battery to be Weak from the very Start. The Seller has be Careful to Dispatch Products of Current Batches to Buyers Consistently so as to maintain the Goodwill of 'amazon.in'.
I bought this phone before one month and I am fully disappointed with its performance. From the second day after purchasing the device, it began restart automatically, without any reason. The problem still continues...
Excellent
I specially liked its design and it's a quite good looking phone with considerable features and also with a good user interface but a major defect is its ram and internal memory which is less than it should be according to me.
Ya it's Nice to Use...., But this is not a Gaming Mobile...., this is not a Faster mobile...., This is Just a Mobile for Android Learners....,
I bought this phone 2 months back in sep since then i m using it , have not tried hardcore gaming but i dont see anything problematic. This phone is absolutly fine now the price has dropped makes good choice to go for. I think this phone has been overcticized.
quite a cute smartphone with all features. only weak factor is battery backup,it is not satisfactory.
Received in good condition. Working fine. Thanks for quick delivery.
It's Totally worse mobile. It's low perfomance..multi tasking is not psble in the phone...i totally disappoint. In this phone there are no proximity sensor. At night the camera quality is not good. Its display is also hard. If anyone purchase this this phone pls take it from me.
First of all,Thanks to Amazon's excellent service, I got this within 3 days. This is an excellent phone for the price. The Camera Quality Is superb ! It's a 5MP Camera which shoots better than a 8 MP Camera. Performance is also quite nice after I got a 5 MB update from Samsung. I can play HD videos on this device! I can play games like temple run 2,subway surfers,Dead Trigger ,Real Boxing, Frontline commando, Fifa 14 & 15 WITHOUT LAG !!! Asphalt 8 Lags a bit but is very much playble. Display is awesome ! Battery life is okayish. But I recommend u to switch to power saving mode when u aren't using it ie. on standby. Do disable it when u play games ! The new Touch WIZ UI is sexy <3 .The phone design is sexy too ! Looks a lot like Galaxy S5! Sound quality is nice. Yeah... the default headphones suck. I tested it with my sennheiser and skullcandy, sound was pretty nice ! Build quality is good too! I tested my graphics performance on Nena Mark 2 ,it got upto 59.6 fps !!! More than Grand 2 (54.6~57.2 fps)!! . Only 1 problem! Apss install on sd card but arent fullt movable :( big games dont work when installed on memory card:/ Overall a great phone . Go for it guys!
This is a damage set having many problem, many times it shut down automatically,which is the great problem 4 samsung galaxy core 2, so i request 2 all the intreasted person on samsung galaxy core 2 don't buy this one
Friends dont purchase this model mobilei am disappoind cell automatic off and on ,display conduct number changed automatic service enginner told software problem no software available at samsung service center.
Nice Device. There were many options in similar price range. Selecting this device was not east task. I compared latest Microsoft Device and Micromax. Finding that selection was a right decision.
I am writing this review using my newly bought Samsung Galaxi Core2 mobile phone.I have been a mobile phone user since 2004.I have used more than 8 phones by this time.This is the best one.
Satisfied with the product and seller as well.
Worst dealer, delivered different phone and then aurguing a lot to defend himself. Not at all cooperative. DO NOT DO BUSSINESS WITH THIS DEALER, they will give you hard time.
Fraud brand samsung price falls 3700 on all core 2 devices 19/09/14 8000rs current market price
Internet is very slow, even 3g doesn't work well with this device. Screen lock takes more than one swipe to get open. Overall functions didnt meet my expectations.
A good purchase. Phone works excellently.
Best phone ever seen at this price by samsung i am using it from 4th april and till now no complaints and also the best service by amazon really impressed
This is Very Good and Nice Phone ....
Mobile is heated while continues use or while charging which should not happen actually...apart from that i didn't notice any issue in it till date.
Love to buy products from AMAZON for ur punctuality in delivering the right product in right time, unlike fraudsters like flipkart and snapdeal...
Very good phone..got the delivery also pretty quick. Bought this phone for my father and the joy on his face holding the phone makes me smile to.
The Battery is v v bad drains of two times in a day, my mom hardly uses the phone..Its just been a month since i bought this phone...DISSAPOINTED
good item.big screen.value for money
Phone is aswome all function is very good, touch is also great but the battry is not good, 2000 mah battry but bakup is only 15- 18 hour
Buget mobile......I am Satisfied.
Product delivery on time....but product received faulty there is camera not working. kindly unable the return option at earliest.
very good fone best for skype and for using apps like whats app ,amazon app etc . but the problem is it gets hot when used for 1 hr.
Very nice product ,battery backup very good, display size nice ,browsering fast , full phone
Very nice phone. Very happy to own it. I want to buy 1 more, please can you let me know when the price reduces? Thanks in advance.
User friendly with more options
This Good Budget phone With Excellent Features But Problem is so fast charge will show Low-Battery solve the problem
nice but problem is ram and display not hd sensor is issue when call is on display not off automatically
I purchase core 2 then before 1 week it's LCD broken itself am very disappointed and go service centre and they nt agree for
It not so good because it's back side very hot when surfing the net & net call. Battery backup not so good.Remaining is OK.
Delivery was fast but poor packing. About the phone: I am not satisfied with the Casing but the phone is good.
Perfectly buget model.......
The product is good with this range (<10k) of price as a smartphone.
Good product for the price
Nice phone at this price but lacks proximity sensor. You need to unlock the phone everytime you call some1.
what's the length and breadth of this phone? what's the lengthwise cms and breadth-wise of screen sizes?
You will say wowww after see this ph first time nice look camera n flash quality is too good, big display 4.5 than galaxy core 4.3 with ram 786mb but can't issue for ph speed enough for os android kitkat
Awesome phone...but has a bit problem. It sometimes hangs due to low ram apart from that its awesome
While on call the screen gets locked. Any method to remove this setting? Otherwise ok for this price
Product is good. nice features ,& nice looks, nice camera quality ... but have some heating problem
Good choice by me, as usual, fastest delivery by amazon and let's hope the phone will work well.
Good phone it's cost
Great phone by Samsung for under 4K. Go for it.
Not fully satisfied... brought it from a outlet but performance is not upto its standards
Nice phone & prompt delivery. Hats off to Amazon & such amazing foolproof technology!
It is nyc phone working very good and delivery also on.time satisfied. Thnks amazon
very useful for me
Don't even think of buying it...it hangs, camera error displayed..waste of money
the mike piece is not ok, people other side of call are not able to hear clearly
this phone is good but it heat so much wher i use this mobile more then 20 min
This would have been a great device at the given price point in the year 2012.
Basic phone only. Similar available for 4k from micromax etc.
I bought it for my mother in 8000. For her it is a nice mobile but not for the people who wants many apps as the RAM is not even 1 gb. Camera is 5 mp but it takes photos like 8mp, i love it. Display size is also big in this range of phones. Overall nice phone in this price range
I am pretty happy about the phone as well as amwzon's ontime delivery.
I am using camera good flash good but spiker and vga camers not good
Received in very good condition. Anyway the phone is still working.
very very good
Product is as per my specification and happy with the performance.
some time battery is very hot so mobile is turn off at that time.
Its very good
Phone is not bad but it is available in market only for 7500 .
Screen display is good....expected more in this price range.
simply great
I bought this phone one week back with the price 7850/- it is nice and i am satisfied with this phone.
Good product. India Post is a poor delivery organisation.
Everything is good....but the camera clarity is worse..
Worsttt phone in the world...people dont buy it..!!!!!
Good and excellent but price are same in market also
Bad display quality dont purchase Speed is good
VERY GOOD,
Nice......
good phone
The model is excellent and up to my satisfaction.
Delivery not in time otherwise everything was ok
no value for money. Shape is very ols fashioned.
I am very dispointed for price.I have buy this phone in market just Rs 7800
Great product and a very prompt delivery......
good one........ upto expectations............
very cute
SCRACH GUARD AND COVER NOT RECEIVED TILL DATE
This mobile is not keypad from body not light
its awesome product with quad core processor.
Good. ..
Its good
Good one
it really worth for 6700/- . thanq amazon
Excellent mobile.Good features& friendly.
Cash back not credited. SBI 15% cashback
Excellent..delivered on time.keep it up.
Product is great and delivered on time.
Very nice product at deal price of 5499
No ! The cover I received was broken !
performance ok but battery is not good
Low range branded company good phone.
Working good since purchase 10 days.
best phone in this rang....no issue it is grate
For some reason this phone has not yet made it big in the advertising of Samsung. Its one of the best phones i this price range and I did a lot of testing before buying it for my wife. Now she wont art with it. Is recently released so maybe there is some time lag in buyers posting its reviews
Gr8 mobile.thank u amazon.......
Awesome Phone for the price !!!
very worst phone i never seen this kind of experience when am using micromax phone also. please stop if you are chosing this, it hangs , it will become heat, and display is get blank screen even have put 4gb memory card and using only 2gb ,
good quality with good service
Good Product & timely delivery
I purchased this mobile (core 2) from local dealer kannur.7/9/14. Rs11500. Very very bad mobile ,display clarity is very poor, and touch is working very slowely , net speed very slow,low battery. Totally this is very local mobil .Dear frnds dont buy Any samsung mobile for ur life, because Avery day price dropping.Now core 2 price is rs 7500. Los 4000. jst 10days.Very bad company.cheating company samsung.
5star
Good Service Like It :)
best mobile in best price !
awesome product for gaming.
Its very delay in delivery.
It is ok phone nothing great slow
What abt warranty of this product. Becoz samsung denie to give warranty and any support for online purchasing mobile and other product of samsung. Plz reply
every thing in this piece
Nice
nice
3g options to be there.
More heat battery lost
cool......super......
Bought this product on 9.10.14 for Rs.7990.Good phone at this price Good service from amazon as expected.
charger is not work
CAMERA NOT WORKING
I like this mobile
Not so user friend
It's a nice piece.
battery backup bad
This phone is simply awesome.. And i thanks to amazon for delivery it with in a certain time..
please do not buy
very good prodect
Nice budget phone
Very good product
below average
good phone...
no battry packup
Value for money.
Good smart phone
Fine and satisfy
Core 2 tuch & screen resolution is not good & amazon service also very poor.
nice this price
Very nice phone
Don't know how people rating this more than 2. Either they have no idea about smart phones or content with what they have!!! To tell you, Samsung has become useless brand fooling people now. Better not late, they should role back this phone and compensate its customers for selling this Useless phone with their brand image.
Average....
This phone is exelent and very good,if u want to buy and thing onine plz buy it from amazon.in is india,and amazon.com is usa.any where you want to buy its a same product,and faster delivery from amazon.on the amazon the gives you fast delivery if u want,if you want within a day they will give you but offcourse they will charge u because within a day product is at home.good and exelent product.my dear friend buy it on amazon.thanks.
It is amazing.
Niceee........
very nice maal
Excellent.....
Good phone....
rate down 7800
working nice.
Good Product
Satisfactory
Nice to have
plz contc me
The Best !!
just gooo..
Great phone
Ammazingggg
nice mobile
Not so good
nice phone
Good price
Nice Phone
very nice
fantastic
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
satisfied
Weri goob
Excellent
Amazing service. Reasonable pricing.
i like it, it is a good phone to use with nice camera & great features. I had purchased 3 nos. from amazon.in for my family members also.
not good
good one
Good not
It is ok
Niceeree
good one
awesome
Super..
Not upto the mark as compare to market competition sound quality is okk but the main problem is battery goes very fast even Can not last for half a day it show low battery !!!!!
my address mahim east
Sound quality is good
good one in low price
so, so
Supper
I good
Super
Under expectations due to slow performance and display quality is very poor. Really I am saying I trapped to get it.
Nice
Good
good
Good
Good
Nice
Nice
Good
good
Good
okay
good
HAI
latest software like skype,whats up should be added.
i can't review on this,but i purchase for my friend
should buy Xiaomi on flipkart or from AIRTEL
This phone is fine but its speed is slow .
ok
so so not good due to pdf file not open
Good
Last week its price was 8000 here equal to Samsung official website. And now is 9000.amazon should set some rules for mrp of the products been sold.
good android phone for Rs 8000
Moto G is better than Core 2.Games are very slow .....
Nice phone at this price
Wonderful phone. Value for money.
wow.... very gooood....product..
Very bad courier service its showing in transit from the last 6 days and its in kolkata from last 4 days , i dont know what these guys do. I think these guys have taken oath for not to delivering the product before the date they have put...really disappointing..... And am not going any more item from this amazing a amazed amazon
Worth of money
Good Product
Bahut bekar
Bast phone
Best.
good
good
good
Packing quality is very bad mobile phone is not safe
Phone is so good, but screen! Was not HD
bad phone
