B00LY3PKRU
Mobile is good but I did't notice that it is not with the 3g feature,as it will not catch 3g signal internet runs very very slow. In current generation people use mobile mostly for data usage which lack in this feature. I have received the product on 1st of feb and requested for return the product but there is no response from AMAZON. I didn't not except this kind of service from AMAZON and one more this is that second slot will not support data usage at all. Finally I suggest not to buy as the smart phone purpose is data usage which is not supported properly with this mobile and if your purpose is just calls you can go for this otherwise waste of money.
Good phone in its range but its 512 mob ram makes little uncomfortable, but for small scale its very good phone
Vary bad mobile, not having 3G, hanging problem...
Pros: 4.3 in screen size. 3mp camera with LED Flash. KITKAT android 4.4. 4 gb internal storage. 3g and all other features. CONS: 512 mb RAM. RAM should have been 1 gb.(moto e has 1gh ram too.) Battery is not that good but okay.
Nice phone bt need at least 1 gb ram for efficient users .... bt if u treat ur phone as just a calling device nd only sometimes use the android feature then it is good for u nd go for it!!!!!
A good mble phone by samsung jst the ram shuld have been at least 1 gb as its common nw a days bt overall a gud experience happy to buy the mble and excellent service by Amazon.
This mobile is 1.2Ghz Single core only
No front camera but overall good phone with new android version 4.4.2 kit kat and led flash and also low price
This rating is for amazon and not for d phone because i m using this and d phone is really good in its price and amazon is selling this but the device isnt compatible with d amazon app -_- I am hurt U dont know how much i want to install d app caz i do lots of shopping from here :(
Those who are not satisfied with this phone, go for Motorola MOTTO E...an ultimate branded smartphone...with almost same price...less than 7k... the best smartphone below 10k...according to me..;)
Features of the phone is good except screen resolution (480 * 800), it is suitable for 4 inches screen as the screen is 4.3 inches its resolution is not good. Pixels per inch is less than 215
It's not worthy to buy as don't have 3G compatible.
star advance is better than microomax android one
it's ok phone, camera is not gud. Purchased in Rs 6600 but got 10 % cashback + 1000 Rs freecharge so cost me 5000 Rs which is gud & satisfied for this brand.
Packaging and Amazon service is very good as usual.. Galaxy star advance is a little expensive for its specs..didnt get the promised 10%cashback(SBI offer)..
The phone's quite impressive from each and every point of view. Just the RAM is very less which is a weak point for the phone
The phone is good.as shown in the picture,I got a black version.overall the product came within the delivery time estimated.
Nice phone with this range of price there is an issue they do not provide data cable with box its bad and no memory card
Wow.. Its Great Mobile.... Nice Speed. Good Engine Android is... Good... Nice Inbuilt Apps....
Slow charging rate and excessive heat generation when in use are the two negatives.
We have not received user manual . We are facing problem while using the hND Set
Hi the phone is very good and 1 GB ram and 1.2 GHz duel core processor very past
Amazing android phone but they did not mention that we should use microsim.
when i buy that phone speed very slow then i send samsung service service centre they download new version now work fast totally not bat on that price
Phone is not 3g its 2g phone it has single core processor very slow internet looks great price is little high
Good procuct only samsung tag is there nothing else.. In it
Product is good but very slow. Delivery was very fast
Very handy. Works excellant. Internet usage is slow,
IT IS 2G PHONE WHICH IS MAJOR DRAWBACK OF THIS PHONE
good phone in this rate. doesn't have front camera
paisa adika market price is 5900 ur price 6600
I not buy this item bcos its too small
Good product. Competitive prices. .
Its Good. Price is for brand only
in this budget this is good phone
bad phone not dual core it single core processor
Awesome phone at awesome price.
average phone have more option
Nice phone, battery is poor
Do not support 3G. Only 2G.
It's nice for this cost !
good cell. Cheap and best
This is a good phone....
good
best phone in thi price
The phone was perfect
Very good experience
not perfect but ok
its also good.....
It is a good deal
Very poor speaker. 3g, 2g reception awful. Will reccomend everyone to skip this product.
Hats off to Amazon. Best & speedy delivery, product received in just 2 days, product same as described. For product, Samsung Star Advance comes with latest 4.4.2, 1.2ghz singal core Processor with 512mb ram. Which is very low - atleast it must come with 1gb of ram which is very normal nowadays. Camera 3 mp - average camera, in daylight snaps looking natural, battery having last 1day in moderate usage. Overall good phone to buy for beginners, may found some lag during usage.
Great phone
Nice mobile
best mobile
nice phone
good phone
Very good
Good work
i like it
SATISFIED
i am unable to assess which is the medium android phone of samsung. much confused. i own a mobile of samsung 7562 duos. since i need an updated one, i am searching. my budhet is Rs.15,000/ please suggest me, that it value for money.
Good one
not bad
Lack of even basic features, slow and erratic. Wonder how samsung after launching so may excellent featured phone, bring such a waste in market..
good for free use
2 gud
Best
Nice
Good
Good
nice
fine
There is a problem with speaker/hearing calls after a little conversation.
Gud
Dear amazon team realy nice working keep it up FedEx so nice
Good piece,at this price. Delivery was fast.
Vg
nice phone but we have to cut the sim card
there is no doubt that Samsung is know for its light weight mobile with lots of feature. this is the best moble phone for new generation according to there budget. it has 4.42 latest Kitkat version with large display of 4.3 inches display. 4 GB internal memory with 1.2Ghz processor. i have been using this phone for 25 days. simply its a awesome product guys.
