B00LVQ5JZI
Pros : Gorgeous look in brown & white color big screen, phablet in budget price, very nice IPS HD resolution screen Very good 3000 mAh battery service. For moderate use, It lasts for 2.5 days at least, Good Network for 3G & 2G both Superb sound quality for FM, stored songs/videos with graphic Equalizer, Surround sound, bass boost options. Music lovers will like it very much same as me. 8mp rear camera is very nice & lot of picture modes with perfect auto focus Good packaging Supplied with screen guard and artificial very good quality leather flip cover. The flip cover looks very elegant & stylish Cons : When placed on even surface with rear side on the desk or table etc, the ringing sound becomes lower because the speaker gets blocked by the surface. So it is ok if you put the phone front side on the surface. Little getting hot some time. 2mp front camera is so so..not so great but quite ok Supplied headset is very basic one . not so good quality head phones. Music lovers should buy a good quality compatible headset like sony, panasonic, bose etc. Picture size of 8mp rear camera is little smaller than compared to other phones or even to 5mp camera phones. For Application loading, only 875mb space allocated in internal storage. Remaining 7.2 gb space is for storage purpose. So you can't load a good number of applications in Internal storage but definitely you can load applications on SD card (need to attach seperately)
The good part is: 1- you will save money on a cover and screen guard. 2- if you have normal mini SIMs, you won't have to cut them 3- its <10K for a fairly new android version 4- the screen is big, and still fits in your trouser pocket (I am 5'7") 5- the camera is okay if you use the flash everytime 6- have used it for a month, and its not slowed down yet like some other reviews said it would. I don't play any games The bad part is: 1- the ring tone loudness as well as the vibration intensity are not too high (much fainter than equivalently spec'd Samsung phones). You miss calls if you are travelling in a non-AC city bus, for example. 2- an annoying inbuilt Viber app keeps stopping and jamming up the phone till you disable it 3- some icons for downloaded apps keep disappearing mysteriously - if you see the attached pic, in the bar at the bottom, the empty 4th place (next to the green messages icon was occupied by the Whatsapp icon, that just vanished on its own. Whatsapp is still working though...) 4- its got an pre-installed antivirus, but it won't update unless you buy a plan. And you can't uninstall it in case you don't want it. 5- its a bit heavy at ~340 grams with the flip cover.
Lava Magnum X604 is a quadcore dual sim handset running Android Kitkat. # Highlights and Review # Display and Build Quality - This is phablet sized. The display is a 6inch,720P(245 PPI) one with good viewing angles. The build quality and design are excellent. Even the flip cover included in the box is of good quality. The back panel is matte finished giving it good grip. # Android Kitkat - 4.4.2 # 1GB Ram - Kitkat and 1GB ram works well in letting you to day to day tasks without much issues. # Quadcore Processor - Unlike many other budget devices out there, this is not powered by a Mediatek Mtk6582 chipset, rather its powered by a 1.2Ghz Broadcom chipset. Performance-wise this lags behind Mtk6582 quadcore processor and can be clearly seen when you play games on this device. Many HD games need to be set to lowest graphics in order to work lag free. # 2800 mAh battery - It can easily last one whole day of average use with Wifi/data on. # Sensors - Accelerometer,Proximity Sensor and Light sensor. # Camera - 8MP Rear and 2MP Front. You can get good pics in good lighting contitions from the rear camera,nothing revolutionary,but gets the job done. 1080P video recording is supported. # Misc Info - 5 Point multitouch. OTG is supported,you can plugin your pendrive via an OTG cable. Installation of apps on to the SDCARD is supported. Antutu Benchmark score 14700, while Mt6582 devices scores around 17000, Nenamark - 30fps, while 6582 scores around 55fps. # Verdict I would have very much liked this phone if it had come with better performing quadcore Mt6582 instead of the Broadcom 1.2Ghz quadcore + VideoCore IV GPU. The phone often lags. Apart from the processor, there isn't much to complain about the phone. If you are power gamer, i would recommend other ones, as the processor gpu combination is not that powerful to play HD heavy games. For general use, this is quite an excellent phone to own,and is not over priced.
its a good phone.... it works nice. the only thing i have a problem with this phone is ... the phone is not audible while taking.. i have made all changes in the settings but in vain.... iam using earphone to attend calls.. it would be my pleasure if any body could hep me in rectifying my problem..
Battery back up is not as mentioned.........complete drain out in 3-4 hours.
no words to say anything.....my first android phone....i love it.....
Amazing phone.....I have been using it for last 20 days .....must buy
nice phone i like it
Its some what ok.
