B00LOBK6XA
Pros: -2 GB of RAM -Glove Sensitivity feature -Keyboard Settings is great -Camera Low Light Mode -Voice Search, It's a cool feature..... Try it... and you will love it. -Mira Cast: Cool to control your computer remotely over wifi. It can be used as a remote, to watch a movie or browse etc.... Cool... -What's Next: I really like how it shows my schedules in one screen in a tree format, and also shows the time left for the event to occur. Cons: -The media player does not have the common features like time slider, or previous, stop.... etc... - The speaker/ringer volume is very low as compared to the Loud Indian Traffic. -In-built Battery Conclusion: From my experience, I can definitely say that it's the best phone but under priced drastically. Similar phones cost over 20-25k. And over all you get a ASUS brand. I think that this phone will surely be a game changer and the toughest contender in the price vs features market. I read some concerns that Radio is missing in it, which could be a game changer. However the truth is that FM Radio can be installed and played. I hope the above lines clear all your left over doubts for purchasing this phone. Thanks for bearing my thoughts and experience. :)
I am in love with this device. Want to know why? Let's find out- Good points- 1. The handset feels solid and sturdy. The phone's ergonomic design and good looks are its best features. 2. 5-inch IPS HD (720x1280-pixel) screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for protection. The screen's 294ppi pixel density makes text sharp and clear and the viewing angles are good. 3. Runs Android 4.3 Jelly Bean and Asus has promised that the handset will receive Android 4.4 KitKat update. 4. It features an excellent camera for the price, 8 MP rear and 2 MP front. 5. ZenFone 5 is easily the best sub-Rs. 10,000 Android phone I have used. There was no lag, and multiple apps including heavy games such as Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger 2 were handled with ease, thanks to it's dual-core 1.6GHz Intel Atom Z2560 processor and 2 Gb of RAM. 6. Notification LED Bad Points- 1. 5 inch screen is highly reflective and gets washed out a bit in sunlight unless you really raise the brightness level. 2. Low-light shots taken from it's 8 MP camera had far less detail though noise was well under control. 3. Heat from the rear panel iss noticeable after long gaming sessions, though not alarming. The handset also does heat up a bit during prolonged data usage and calls. Conclusion - The Zenfone 5 is the first device to truly offer competition to the Moto G.
It is the best budget phone currently in the market. Supports all high graphic games with fluent and excellent performance. The rumour that it does not have FM radio is completely wrong, it has got. Most useful apps are pre installed. The drop down menu provides quick access to many necessary functions. Works really fast without any hang up problems,all credits to its 2 GB RAM (it's not 1 GB as misdirected by some).
i bought this phone.... it is over all awesome.... but the only problem is battery back up... its fine but for gamers we have to take an extra power bank and go.. advantages : 1. look is good 2. no lag at all 3. 16gb rom awesome... i took another 16gb external card and using it in it... 4. video and cam clarity is awesome 5. its almost like a nexus in usage. very smooth and fast. 6. 2gb ram with very very fast processing speed... i love this device. at this cost we cant get a better one right now. because the build qulity is awesome.
If I have written this review a week ago I might have given it 5 star. Considering price, specs and comparing it with Moto g2, it is must buy. But now after using it for almost 2 weeks, I think I can give better review. First thing it's 2 GB RAM! I never got more than 1.4GB free, even after killing all the applications and using its own app for RAM Boost. Keep the phone aside and after some time RAM available show less than 1GB!!! No app was used then how the RAM uses increased? Then there are many ASUS app pre installed and force you accept there terms. One example is What's Next. I did not want to use it but until I accepted the terms it was giving notifications continuously. Its screen wake up automatically sometimes, either it is in charging or not. Due to this reason I do have to use password, even I don't want to use it. To test its RAM and process, I am gonna install Asphalt then I will update this review. I have observed some heating problem but most of the time I was out door and temp was 35+. I will update this section as well after playing asphalt in ambient condition. Its UI is nice. Its look is good. Battery backup is okay.
After use of just 2 days!!! A very nice phone in such a low price... "no earphones in the box , that's a negative point..." Screen is even more smoother than u can expect... Camera is not up to mark,they provided many edit and different capturing options... Awesome speed of the overall mobile... Aesthetics are also very fine... I read many reviews about battery,but I really don't find any quick drainage...there is normal drainage of battery....still not experienced about drainage and heating(no heavy games in my mobile so) My last mobile was Samsung grand and I can say that this mobile is far better than that...but I should get more experience in this device...otg is supported...
Awesome product. Nice colors. Camera quality is good for social networking sites as well as for 8 x12 prints. Never hang. Touch is awesome. Screen is marvelously clear and feather touchy.with Gorilla 3 HD. Color is so luxurious.Gold.
Asus zenfone 5 is a great phone in one word. Look at pros side. It has a great hardware for the price - 2GB and 1.6 GHz Intel Atom Z2560 Inside Its well built and sturdy.The display is OK.(Not a full HD 1920x1080) It has 64bit architecture.The phone has no lags. Zen-UI is also good and soon its going to get lollipop update. The camera quality is good and the selfies are great. It is expandable up to 64Gb But the Cons are not that ignorable. It has no backlit soft keys which makes it almost impossible to work in the dark. Audio is mediocre.The sound is too low that you can here it only when there is total silence.
Actually this product is a varient of asus zenfone 5. This is Asus T00J. And if you purchase flip covers, screen guards of zenfone5 it will not apt to this. This is slightly bigger. .. and the next is battery backup, you've to connect your device always with charger if you want to use this. 1% charge lose in 1 minute. Very bad battery backup. ... ram is 2GB but small lags. ...in the box there is no any Manuel or something which provide the information of the device. ... clear display. ... this is my first purchase on Amazon.in and I'm unsatisfied with this purchase. ... and lot of problems, ... you can see the product name from the picture which I attached with this review..
I got Charcoal Black for Rs 12916/-, with in 50 hrs (Considering remoteness of the delivery address, Fedex is the team) after I booked it. I dont know whether it is really better than MotoG but I liked the looks and the price which gave more features what Moto gave. May be MotoG2 is worth waiting now, but MotoG2 still have not planned external memory, though they are planning for more internal memory which will attract more Features I Liked: 1) Display quality. 2) Auto focused Camera quality including Video Recording quality. 3) Device finishing. 4) Expandable external memory. 5) ZenUI. 6) Gorilla III scratch proof display glass. The few issues I could realize are: 1) Zenfone's ZenUI should offer a "Close" application button, may be a wrapper over the current app on OS level to avoid running apps in background even after we close the android app. 2) Battery specs are bit weak. They should offer Zenfone 6's strong battery on Zenefone 5. I meant instead of 2100, they should offer 3000+ capacity battery. I am ready to upgrade my battery. 3) ASUS have not yet released its own Android KitKat 4.4 OS for Zenfone models. This does not sound good for basic OS version which itself is quite old now and Google might be thinking to come up with 4.5 or 4.6 soon in future. 4) Provide separate "configure" app button, which may provide one of the option that allows app to be run as service (Always or whenever required) or a process. Also, it should control and close services and/or processes automatically if not being used by any any other user/process/service. This feature can always be coded as ASUS release its own wrapper over Android flavor. 5) Would have been great if it was built water proof. 6) Speaker is not that powerful.
I've been using this for over 6 months now. I bought it flipkart at it's original price which was 12999INR. When I got this device, there were many unbearable issues with its software. But everything was fixed after the software update. And it's also getting the lollipop update in April. This phone's got everything right. The Audio volume may not be too loud but the sound quality with the earphones is great. The camera of this phone is also more than capable of replacing your old point-and-shoot camera so you won't be disappointed with its camera but yeah you can't expect it to match the camera of other flagship smartphones. It's also good for gaming. It can play any game you throw at it with decent graphics and frame rates. But it gets heated up after a few mins of gaming. The battery is a bit of letdown but after turning on the smart saving and reading mode,the battery can last almost twice as long without those two features on. And last thing I want to mention is its looks. It looks good,it feels good in the hands and it is good. So the review ends here. I hope this will help the people who're willing to but this phone.
Those people stating that it has a poor battery backup should get a life outside their phone and make sure they use their phone as a PHONE. My battery lasts sufficiently well and i'am really satisfied by what the product has offered me in this range. The interface is amazing in itself also the camera provides vivid options. Its fun using this phone and if you are planning to get it add it to your cart already!
The phone looks good, feels light on my hands. There is a increased heating only when I charge (when compared to samsung) but it is forgiveable. Camera is good, interface is smooth. I do not use a lot of games. Overall a very good phone for under 10k. There is almost no competition. RedMi note gets incredibly hot, so this is an excellent alternative for people looking to buy that phone.
The following review is purely based on my experience with the product till now as of july 24th 2014. Product can best be described classifying into three segments as follows: 1.Look and Feel All Asus segment phones including this (Zenfone 5) has an cute slim look one cannot have fear of slipping out of hands.Its size happens to offer rich feel to hold weighing more than 145 grams.The three touch switches present on the front panel You will not feel pixels at all.Though the screen is of 5 inches as said, the overall length is way more than 6.3 inches. 2. Functionality: With its 2 GB RAM & Atom processor this works seamlessly without any hassles and hiccups as many apps u open and run in the background.Camera gives excellent clarity at good light but slightly fails at little darkness but offers many features to your pictures taking each pic a minimum of 1.25MB. Speakers seem to be present only on one side of speaker Net but has good volume on ear phone and good clarity on Mic. The constant andriod updates from ASUS team appear to show considerable change in which ever functionality they put on.i had three updates so far. This is a broad description of the functionality 3.Features: This has wide number of apps pre loaded into the system like mailbox,quick memo, games of few varieties, few messaging apps, one browser and Asus specific apps(4 in number), these are good to have and good advantage to get way off using typical USB cable for file transfer. This looks very cool to use. i Didn't see any lag in the system so far after all putting all efforts to put on heavy loads. 4 Value for money: i fee this is much better than its competitors motos' in terms of its configuration, speed, heaviness,looks ,features. Yes gives good value to money which we spend on (13K - 5 % cask back on or after July 22nd). I feel this would help you to make better decision while you choose your phone on Android platform if looking for best features.Thanks.
A good looking phone that is really fast too! No annoying problems like lack of space for apps or frequent 'hanging' etc. The big problem is that the battery needs to be recharged often, and once the low battery sign comes on, you don't have much time left before it dies! If that was fixed, this would almost be a perfect phone. Good touch screen sensitivity and display too.
Hi to all, I bought Asus Zenfone 5 -16gb 3 days back, First of all the product is too good for the price. I owned almost the smartphones available in market (iPhone,4s, htc desire 820, Moto g, Samsung s4..etc). Am a great gadget lover, so i can give the best user review About the Zenfone 5: The best in best phone available for the affordable pric Pros: Best built quality Best design Display clarity is awesome Asus UI give u the best interface Connectivity is great Battery and camera OK Cons: Poor Speaker No headphones with the box Heating near to camera region while user continuously (not a big problem) I was using this phone continuously for the three days i am satisfied with asus zenfone 5 , battery backup is ok, i cant expect same as nokia 1100 battery backup because this is an smartphone with higher configuration. i recommend of them who are planning to buy a phone (i cant call this phone as a budget phone because it gives better performance than my Samsung galaxy s4) in range of 8k to 16k just go for Asus zenfone 5 -16 GB
I do not know what rating to give for the device honestly. Having used it before from a friend of mine for an extended period, i loved it back then, that's why i purchased it. The device in general has a smooth UI. The camera is surprisingly good and so is the call quality. I did not receive headphones as it was not part of the purchase but even with my samsung headphones the quality was excellent while testing on the preloaded media files. The confusion for the rating is that, the first time i use amazon instead of other e-commerce sites to order a product expecting it to deliver quality, i was left disappointed. The promptness of the delivery is in no doubt excellent. So are their customer care executives who helped me solved the problem. After recanting the return order when initially faced with problem, hoping the problem would solve on its own through updates etc the phone hanged on me twice within 10 hours of cancelling the return order and within 26 hours since i received it. So although i wanted to give the phone a chance, now i am returning it for sure with a heavy heart because since there is no replacement i do not know if i would be able to purchase the device at the same price. As stated earlier having used the device before, i know this device to be in particular well lets not call it faulty, not optimum is the word i would use because the phone heats up way too quickly. I mean without gaming or playing music, just on normal use. Once it heated up even when it was idle and when i mean idle it wasn't even on charge. But overall i do think the product is a good buy in terms of its user friendly nature, the specs it offers for the price and its sleek and well designed exterior. For heavy users though be warned the battery is a drainer. You will at least need two recharges a day to keep it going. So hence anyone who reads this can understand my confusion on the review. Personally if the product was replaced when it is faulty in nature i would have jubilantly accepted the replacement but as amazon does not cater to that aspect in their business model, i guess refund it is.
Awesome!!! Is the word that I would use to describe the item. It is just mind blowing with the kind power that you hold in your hand when you own this phone. 1.6 GHZ Dual Core Processor with hyper threading technology (I mean where do you get that kind of technology for this kind of price), 2 GB Ram, 16 GB Internal Memory, HD Display, Amazing earphones, Dual Micro Sim and of course premium design. The best part about this phone is the camera, what an amazing camera for the cost that I paid. There are camera features that you will find in a premium phone only. The best feature that I like is "Depth of Field". What more would you ask for? The only reason that I'm giving it a 4 star is because of its battery (I've heard that its competitor the M*t* G has a battery worse than this, its a secret :P). But the battery issues are fixed once you update your phone and follow a few online tweaks on how to enable deep sleep for the processor, over the web. After enabling the deep sleep the battery performance has improved significantly. I bought the phone in white and I'm very happy with the purchase. Ordered it with 2 day delivery. As always Amazon, always lives up to my expectations. Delivered it on time as it was a gift. Amazon is the savior in this case, for me at least. :P
I received the phone last evening and features are really better than my Galaxy Ace Duos and LG L7. Pros - Screen Size and Resolution ZenUI Performance Cons - Yet to identify for phone Delivery- Delivery date was a guessing game since Amazon uses India Post. Tracking no never updated in India Post site. But at the end delivery was satisfactory(Ordered on 1st Nov night, received on 8th Nov) Will update the review after few days usage. Update after 2 weeks usage: New Pros: - People around you get attracted towards it. :-) New Cons: - Battery drains 100-80 within 40 min of usage, but after that it becomes stable. OK for my usage. Its not as bad as written in some other reviews. - Initially, I faced SIM card detection issues, but when I started using 2 SIMs, this issue went away strangely. - 3G network sometimes don't come, while my friend's phone shows 3G. - Camera is just OK, don't expect everything in 12.5 K. Overall I am keeping the earlier rating of 4.
Best quality phone compared to other brand phones in this range. Pros.: Dispay gorrila glass 3,internal memory for app 12gb usable,2gb ram,asus support they always working for product improvementimprovement,best quality camera in day lightlight compared with all other brands Cons: In night the camera has grainey distortion
I loved it. Yes I did. At first look u'll fall in love with this phone. Looks are not all you'll look into a mobile, there's something ,more to it. I am trying to give you a honest review. Since I am not a Mobile JARGON, so mine is a base level review. Pros;- Looks Screen Touch Feel Camera Response. Gaming Speed with no lags. Cons;- The Battery is little low considering the specifications given in this mobile. Heating Issue. Not easy after sales service. No easy availability of Accessories. I am coming back after using this phone for one month.(21st Oct'14) 1)The best thing the ZEN UI it is a fresh out of the box interface. Makes the mobile li'll different than the other smartphones available in the market. 2) The camera does makes it a good out of the pocket handy device. 3) The prob.em which I found was with the app running in the background.The kill the battery like something. Can be resolved with app available on offer. 4) Battery is the biggest let down of this phone. After charging it it shows 100% charged, but after 1 hr or so if you keep it idle. The battery will show 98%, I saw that and the point is Internet WIFI nothing was on. 5) RAM is may be 2gb but at any point of time available ram is 1 gb max, you need to refresh it every time you'll work with it. 6) Yes it does give lag at the start of SUBWAY SURFER game, but as the game progresses it gets better.It behaves like a EN-FIELD BULLET going ahead. 7) Internet usage is smooth..LIKE MASKA with 3G. 2G is also okay, but 3g is better. 8) Every thing said and done, but one must applaud ASUS for there R&D and updates. After buying this mobile I have received 4 upates including the KIT-KAT update(Anroid 4.4.2). and few more firmware updates. Great JOB ASUS. They are hands on better than any other competitor.Specially better than LG and Samsung ( I have a LG mobile and also had an Samsung Mobile). I repeat once again I am not a mobile JARGON, what I have given here is a basic level review, which I came across during my daily usage. There are better sites to give you better review about this phone. You can see NDTV gadget review. My last words are if you are looking for phone with in a range of 13000 and have no hang ups about the cons, then this is the best decision that you can consider while purchasing a mobile. Because the COMPANY which offers this phone really works hard to make this one as the best option.
I just received the phone yesterday and I am not really happy with the product. The phones speaker does not have a good output, keeping in mind the loud marketplaces and surroundings we all have. The downloaded the Skyforce game from Play store and wanted to test the performance for gaming. I was extremely disappointed with the laging. Tried downloading Asphalt 8 and faced the same issue. The phone is not at all good at multi tasking. If you are in between an app or are playing for example and you are receive a call, the screen goes black for 2-3 seconds and then shows the call menu. Even the home button misses sometimes. I have to repeatedly press it twice or thrice. ASUS has only done a good job with the quality of the touch screen. The keypad isnt impressive as well. It's day 2 for me and I am already regretting my decision of buying this phone. I feel the processor should have been a better one.
This Phone is no rating class(It is Garbage).Chaina make phone are best from this. 1. Battery dropped very faster. 2 phone hangged no any display on phone 3 Application not properly working. 4 no user friendly 5 Some time phone start automatically when it is log off 6 Some application are operated but application dose not start
good phone, bt there is no earphones. why?
I bought my Asus Zenfone 5 Gold 16gb mobile on 16 November 2014 from Alpha Vile Parle, Mumbai. Before this I was using mini Sim. New mobile uses micro SIM, so shopkeeper cutted the sim using sim cutter and then I started using this mobile. From that moment it started displaying the Pop Up very frequently to select network between SIM 1 and SIM 2, although I installed only 1 sim. Fed up with this for 1 week and thinking it could be sim problem, I raised request to get new SIM with old number retained. I got new SIM and installed into Zenfone mobile after 10 days I bought new phone. I also tried updating Android software 4-5 times. It loaded 500 MB of data each time but failed during installation of file. Policy of ASUS for new mobile replacement is 7 days is very short. Owing to my low self confidence on old sim, I did not approach service center immediately which proved costlier. After getting new sim with old number retained of Vodafone, it added further to my miseries as call were getting dropped between conversation. The call duration could not go beyond 5 minutes. Pop ups were reduced but call were getting dropped when I used gprs connection with 3g internet. Frustated with this I contacted ASUS customer service center on 30 November by calling them and dropping them mail as well rc_india@asus.com . They adviced me to go nearest service center and get it serviced. I stay and work at Wakad, Pune and Service center is at Compuage infocom ltd, Sadashiv Peth, Pune. The distance between these two is approximately 20 kms (1 hour drive 1 way). The service center works 10-5 and not open on Saturday and Sunday. Since I am IT employee, it is extremly difficult for me to drive and drop my new mobile at above mentioned timings. I finally manage to drove all the way and dropped my mobile to service center on 2 Dec 2014. I requested him to fix the problem at one go and not make me travel to and fro again and again. I did share and provided screenshots of network drop to prove him mobile is defective. Technical Assistant informed me to collect my mobile on 8 Dec 2014 as it was fixed. He assured issue is fixed and motherboard was replaced for the mobile. Android was updated to 4.4 from 4.3. He even did not make sure that problem is fixed and verified since motherboard was replaced. I managed to collect my mobile on 10 Dec 2014. It took me 1 day to realize that problem still stays in mobile. Calls were still getting dropped. And if it stayed idle for 10-15 minutes, network goes blank. I once again called Technical Service Engineer that problem still persist with my mobile. Ruthlessly, he said to come back to service center and get it verified. There was no trust between me and service center guy of my words. I returned my mobile to service center on very next day 11 Dec 2014. He did not believe my words and used my mobile for 1 day to make sure what I was speaking was truth. The moment he put up his SIM and I called him, his calls started getting dropped and sometimes message came that 'Mobile is switched off'. I had to go to this limit to make sure that mobile definatly is defective one. I had to prove mobile defectiveness and it was not responsibility of ASUS technical service center to make sure mobile is defective. Now, Technical Service Engineer did admit that mobile his defective and requested his Regional Service Manager to replace it with new mobile. So far on 16 Dec 2014, there is no reply from ASUS service center guys i.e. Technical Assistant/Manager about replacement of defective mobile. Mobile still is with service center guys. I am very frustated owning new ASUS mobile and it turned out to be very bad experience dealing with service center guys. Nobody takes responsibility or trust words of customer. It is really hard to believe this is coming from ASUS who built Nexus 7 tablet which I own previously. I would not recommend this mobile owing to Post Service and DON'T Care attitude of ASUS.
The phone is not as per the features appeared in the specifications, be caution in use, it is more delicate than any other phone, I did not found any other phone's screen crack/ scratches so easily than this one, this is not good as claimed by the company in it's feature, it is not with Gorilla glass, customer use it careless, as it was claimed scratch less and tough, where my phone was damage just on falling from six inches on a table top, it was equipped with screen guard and flip cover, but the screen developed crack in a normal fall, the service center asked bill for more than four thousand for replacement, there was negative response for asking the feature Gorilla glass, their service center accepted it is not a tough/Gorilla glass, the crack feature is common and I am not alone whose phone is damage with in a week time of it's use. There are so many good phone in market, I suggest not to waste money at this product, otherwise you have to suffer further losses due to quality problem, Battery was also not good, it drains fast and you need a charger or Power bank in normal uses, at every 12 hours, The company is misguiding the customers with big feature pack specification but it all proves bogus as it is not good as claimed by the compaby.
I usually don't get the time to write reviews on Products I buy from Amazon or Flipkart. But after having ordered this Phone from Amazon, and after having received it within 24 hours or ordering, which was almost a day ahead of the scheduled delivery, I was compelled to visit this page and write a review. First of all, Amazon you do great deliveries. I went ahead for this phone after having read numerous reviews about it here as well as on Flipkart, but I felt the reviews here way more genuine and frank than ones out there on Flipkart. This Handset is way ahead of my expectations, in almost every sphere. Having used all the premium handsets to the tune of i5S and/or Samsung Note III and so on, I had bought this handset for my Father almost a month ago, and having seen him use this handset for over a month, I decided to go for it for my own use as well. The Phone's ZenUI is just incomparable. It's simplistic, minimalist, and yet so functional and user-friendly, Samsung needs to learn a lot from Asus here. The Apps Asus has pre-loaded on this phone are very uncluttering, functional and yet simple. This Phone N.E.V.E.R. hangs, has reflexes better and faster than Samsung Note III and and feels much more sturdy than iPhone 5S. Anyone looking for a G.R.E.A.T. Phone under the price-band of Rs. 15,000/- or even upto Rs. 20,000/- can and M.U.S.T. go ahead for this Phone. Asus, you did great Job and this Phone's a rocking performer. Thank You Amazon and thank you Asus.
Its been a month I am using this phone now and the phone meets every expectation I had in mind while purchasing it like camera quality front and back, processing speed everything seems to work perfectly, the hardware they have put together under 13k is quite good. Asus has also done quite a job developing its UI. The to-do list on lock screen and direct access button make the lock screen even better. One thing I felt that Asus need to improve in this phone is battery, battery takes too much time to get charge and in the phone like this where process are running 24*7 the juice runs out very fast. But still with minimum use of mobile internet and wifi i was able to get it to work for the whole day. All in all you can say that Asus is able to give you some pretty good deal under 13k, if battery isn't your concern I would defiantly recommend you to go for this phone.
top phone in terms of price-performance! I am becoming a fan of ASUS products after using their notebook, tablet and phone - which exemplifies top quality at a reasonable price... with the exception of Padfone Infinity - which is their most innovative product but priced too high
I usually give 5 stars to the electronic items i purchase, mainly because i research well and make sure they are to my expectations. However, Asus Z5 was an impulsive purchase. I don't quite regret it, but i should have opted for some other phone. And the reason - Very POOR battery backup. I never believed the customers review when they said battery drops 1% per minute. It is TRUE. Even at highest battery saver mode, and screen brightness at ZERO, and NO APPS installed at all, Using 3G eats up battery like anything. Lack of a Headphone in the box is also a downside. Its more of an entry level BUDGET phone than a mid range. Now for rating Screen - 8/10 Display - 10/10 Design - 7/10 Battery - 4/10 Camera - 8/10 Zen UI - 8.5/10 In Built apps (music n VIdeo players) - 6/10 Loudspeaker quality - 5/10 Call Quality - 7/10 Volume - 6/10 Overall - 7/10 Is there another option- Maybe yes. The Moto G is more sturdy built in all aspects. REDMI is also a good choice(only 8gb) internal.
Phone is the best .. battery backup is less but it depends on your use. Volume is less on speakers.
I am writing this review after using ASUS Zenfone 5 for more than 1 month now. Pros: Looks are very good, Build is good, camera is nice. call quality is good. Touch is flowing. Cons: Battery drains very fast as compared to other phones on this range of battery(2110 MAH). There is heating problem as well, if you are using download, gaming. Due to that some times it gets stuck and even touch does not response. I saw it once, it restarted automatically. Ringer is very low in volume, even cant hear from other room or 10-12 feet away. Some time when any call is coming, it goes directly to message like (i am Meeting, Call you later), then if you want to receive the phone, you cannot go back and pick the phone. You have to cut the call or send the message. This very embarrassing.
Phone Rating is 5/5 For simple reasons like, feather touch panel, Extensive response, Bass Effect Quality Head phones, Kool design, For Automatic Updates, Asus Brand and Intel chipset, Camera Quality and features speechless, Zen UI - For a new flavour i liked it. what else can't think of much on the first day of use. Amazon Service- 3.5/5 Package Quality not so good, The Delivery boy did not Ask for my identity nor he did take my signatures, when i asked do i need to sign some where-he said No Need! Follow up from Amazon on Tracker was Good but not too great compared to other E-commerce service companies. Thanks for your time in reading this, Just to conclude Asus 16GB on this price range is the best pick.! Thanks Amazon and ASUS.
The phone is very good. The con aspect is its volume and speaker quality, which needs to be improved. I was supposed to get a 10% discount on ICICI credit / debit card as I purchased on 14Jan when there was a scheme going on, but I have not received the discount yet.
Firstly, amazon rocks! Amazon have been providing best quality servics to its customers. I am a frequent customer of amazon. I am quite satisfied with this phone. Good picture quality, excellent screen quality, secondary camera is not that great bt still its ok. Speaker sound is not that high bt earphones rock. Built quality is excellent, sleek, handy. Good for playing games. Multitasking is also great. Good processor, speedy. I dint find any lag in processing. Kitkat rocks! The only problem i facing with this phn is the battery. It hardly lasts a day. Games n videos drains the battery in no time. If phn is kept idle, it might survive for 30hrs or else 6-8hrs. Asus should really work on its battery. 5' inch display needs atleast 3000mah for an average use.
Its a brilliant phone, gives you the optimum features kitkat 4.4 could provide and multi tasking is smooth too, I guess there is a minor problem with the battery as it foes drain soon because of lower holding capacity, other wise, the phone is crack for its price...
This is the best phone I can have in this price category. Xiaomi MI3 looks good in terms of specifications but it lacks dual SIM and expandable memory hence Asus Zenfone 5 is the one which is suitable for most of the Indian Customers. Amazon's delivery was also spot on.
Smooth like butter... no hang problem.. biggest advantage is in gb internal memory nd 64 gb expendable..supports pen drive via otg cable... u can use it as a laptop too.... battery backup is d concern... bt v hav d option of powerbanks.. Overall m satisfied..
Happy customer. only drawback is saw with the phone is , it's low ringtones. Else decent camera, hd video recording. Loads of free utility software from Asus I would recomend everyone looking for budget phone..."Go for it"
This is the review after one month usage of the phone. The apps, camera and all the features are running fine. It has good display. Watching videos gives a good experience. The main constraint was its battery. I dont kniw whether it happens with all the Android phones. The battery degrades 20% for every one hour with display on. No doubt the standyby is very good given 19 hrs and more with mobile data and gps on. No lags in the processes are gaming. Another constraint was it dont support some tge apps related to citrix while other devices do. So i couldnt access to my company mails and services through this. So no suggestions. Features wise good, may be check with battery life of other android devices. It its the same then one cant opt for Asus.
I thnk guyzz u should this phone. I checked the reviews of this phone in many website where many people written tht this phone is not so good but for me this phone is the bst becoz 1. U are getting 2gb ram 2.12 gb free memory 3.getting updated anroid frm amazon tht flipkat and snapdeal is nt providing 4.with superb camera tht u cant imagine and bst for selfies ;) 5. Many people says tht their phone heats up lot but guyzz if u playing games and using phone without giving rest to phone then of course tht every phone will guve rise to heat . 6.And at last tht it have little bit of battery back up prblm but in my case their is no battery prblm. I think guyzz u should go for it....:)
The asus zenfone 5 A501CG is a stunning awesome phone . i have used it for 2 days . There arent any lags in this phone. it is a 5 inch phone with ips 720x1280 pixels hd screen the screen resolution is very nice. It has 2 gb ram.sc it is very much easy for multitasking. I have played games like Asphalt 8 ,Dead trigger 2 ,amazing spiderman 2 ,Gta sa ,Gta 3 .Gta vc,NfsMW etc games without any lags and no bottlenecking. FPS is also very nice. The camera of this phone is 8mp. we can take some decent and crisp images. Overall this phone is excellent. i have bought it at rs 7000 with 10%cash back. in this price range its a decent phone and more than enough features
Nice touch & look... Processor never hangs... Good battery life... Just 1 drawback is that surrounding sound is too low... which actually doesn't matter cause we always use headphones... Best phone with that much price...!!
Good touch, extremely well made chassis, feels premium. Fast processors. Gets hot on hr of gaming as expected. Sd card installation is fake (even when it says sd card, its internal mem only) Overall very good mobile to have
A perfect mobile for the users who expect maximum @ less cost. The phone is working very smooth without any lag. Thanks to the intel for using its technology in mobiles. I got it through amazon last sunday and enjoying the fine experience
I ordered an ASUS Zenphone 5 16 gb from Amazon.in on August 06, 2014 and the phone was delivered on August 21, 2014 after calling Amazon.in and the courier GATI PVT. LTD. The phone would not charge more than 52%. I called Amazon.in to see if the phone can be replaced; unfortunately, this service is not available in India. The options I got was (1) return the phone for a full refund (2) show the phone to an ASUS service centre. To avoid the hassle of returning the phone, I took it to Compuage Infocom Ltd in Kolkata. The phone was checked and they recommended the battery be changed...no cost to me. I was called after 4 days to collect the phone, when I went to the service centre, I was told that even with a new battery the phone was not charging beyond 62% and the service centre techs feel that the phone would need a new Mother board. I am to go back on Tuesday, September 02 to check if the phone has been repaired. It is a shame not only for ASUS but also for Amazon.in for dealing with distributors who sell faulty gadgets through Amazon.in its seems what you get is not what you expect and you just have to deal with a situation(s) that just makes so angry, frustrated and helpless. Neville from Kolkata
Hi guys. It's a love at first sight .. It was gift from my mom and she gave me the liberty to choose I'm not very great with technology nothing close to a techie freak so I was a little worried as i wanted the best. Trust me I picked it through the reviews and I DO NOT REGRET. From the time I switched it on it was a self tutorial. Most of what I use is already in the phone except for sound cloud I haven't really downloaded anything. It's very very lite so a lil delicate on that . Sounds good, I love the champagne gold back ground it looks classy. I have no issues. My new BFF in town :P .. Thanx Amazon
I have used Blackberry, Micromax, Samsung before buying this ASUS brand. This was a new brand which i was trying out and was quite sceptical. However after having used it for almost close to 4 months i must admit that i am a fan of it and now planning to buy a better version of the same mobile for my husband too. I can easily say that everything of this mobile is a pro and the only con that i could find in the last 4 months is that it heats up the batter while charging, but then that again i found that it happens only when i use the charger of another mobile, this problem do not comes up when you charge it with the charger provided.
Pros - Very good phone for the price you pay. Touch screen movement and slide is very fast compared to other similar phones.Zenui feathures are very amazing. Call recording feature is good especially if you want take notes. SPEED is remarkable. Cons - Battery gets drained even when not in use, not sure which apps is running in back ground. Camera clarity in low light is not so good my previous phone Samsung Galaxy Ace was much better. Unable to add contact details to message body while sending SMS not yet found a way. Overall the phone is really worth for the price you pay. i have been using it for a month now.
Absolutely awesome phone. Exceeded my expectations. Prompt delivery .
Great phone for the price. Has really good specs. The UI is pretty snappy. I like the customizations Asus has done i.e. the ZenUI. It is not too heavy but at the same time it provides some nice features missing in stock Android. Most of the features are provided as Apps, so you can easily turn them off. Battery life is also pretty good, but then I am usually on Wifi, not GPRS. I get around 1.5 days of battery with normal usage. Camera is not up to the mark. Whereas you have some good software enhancements like Selfie mode, GIF Animation, HDR. But the overall focussing of the camera is not so good.
Best phone....but battery capacity not sufficient for game playing
Phone is worth purchasing in performance is good but it is with undetachable battery ( inbuilt battery) and also very weak to support 2 sim for 12 hours. In 2gb ram . Only 1gb ram seems to be usable
I have been using it for past 1 week, returning it. Problems: 1. Battery back up, until unless you are ready to sit in a place and connected with a charger 24x7, don't buy this. 2. Heating issue, just by keeping it in pocket.[Not always, some times]. 3. Getting weird noises before and after call[Not always, some times]. Worst battery back up I have ever experienced with smartphones. What can we do without battery back up with all this fancy config?. Battery not even lasts for more than 5 hours even If I use it for just for calls. Worst product from asus.
It's Very Very Veryyyyy Good Phone.....After using it for quiet 4-5 days .I'm reviewing this= 1. Modern combat 4, FF6 and many other games are working without lags. 2.camera is OWsum Quality 3.Battery is good and charger as well as. 4.Phone touch screen gives a quick response. 5.Phone is far better than Motorola ,Samsung etc 6.Screen is scratch proof and phone is hammer proof. I Played modern combat for about 2 hour and my batter dropped by 9% only!!! owsum phone. I bet you that you'll not get any fone like this in 11k ONLY 11K.
The Asus zenfone 5 is a fabulous phone. It's camera is decent. Although Amazon' s delivery is a bit late but I got a decent mid-range phone. It's atom processor proves an output like a snapdragon 800 processor.. it's 2 GB ram has a promising performance. Never got any lag in any hi-def graphically -intensive games. I have tried, dead trigger 2, 1, modern combat 5, dungeon hunters 5, bladeslinger, nova 3 etc but never got any lag or frame drops. It's camera is a hand held digi-cam. It's performance is extraordinary. This is an honest review of Asus zenfone 5 . I got an 16 GB variant.
very good phone.i bought it from amazon..very gud delivery from amazon..its a very gud phone..still it has some disadvantages such as low speaker sound..bt still go for it guys..worth of ur money
(TO MAKE THE REVIEW AVAILABLE AT TOP, RATED 5 ) Just got it on 07th may'15 packing was okay not so good and this is not review but a warning to all buyers of this model that you wont get headphones in the box, this is very worst part of asus, why cant they provide it with earphones; ofcourse it is not mentioned in the description, but would be better if provided with earphones and may be that is the reason they provide this model nearly 2000 less than launch price as they excluded headphones and this is an ultimate cost cutting, VERY AWESOME STRATEGY BY ASUS FOR COST CUTTING AND LEAVE BACK CUSTOMERS WITH DISSATISFACTION
The phone is nice. It has a descent look and a good speed. Comes with so many installed apps which you would not need. Battery is no that impressive but otherwise a nice phone for the price.
I bought this one when the price was lowered a little, and the next day when i checked it again for my friend it had increased by 3k and continues to be so online. I've rarely been this lucky. Dor the amount i paid, the features and specs far far exceed it. I Love this phone which has all the specs you would desire. The fact that the quality never drops for any of these is even better. The best phone available in Indian market at this moment.this combines the rare quality + brand value+ superb specs. The rear cam is ultimate and is loaded with many features. the phone has got every premium option that we can think of. The only small niggles i found were, that this phone heats up rather quickly, but not a majot issue as the heat maintains at one stable point and doesn not increase too much. Have to see how it effects for long duration gaming. ! hr that i tried was fine . Also, while the looks are awesome and super slick, this also makes it super slippery. build quality is good and back panel is changeable, but you may still want to buy a case for this one. Lastly, the battery barely runs for 20 hrs at medium usage.... but most phones with these specs would have similar issues. FOr me, this phone is a dream come true. Love it.
1. Battery back up is very poor - not even a day, not expected this. 2. Volume lower key is very hard & difficult to use - want to know.... 3. How do i get the VAT invoice.
Its awesome handset. Over my expetections.... I will says to all of u frndss that none other than, the one an only asus zenfone 5 is the greatest mobile in all android handsets.
I bought asus zenphone5 a month ago. But gorilla glass broke into pieces when my phone accidentally fell on the floor. Now I don't know where to replace the new one. Please help me.
Alert! alert !Dont buy it from amazon.Its a hoax.Its original price is 10k not 14k.and i bought this phone from flipkart @7500.Be wise!!! and ts a best smartphone i under 10k
Awesome phone.....just love it.nice camera.But battery is not that much good.But all over best in class.you have to try this...i must say just go for it...u gonna love this phone
It's a great mob with this cost. I am enjoying using this.It has met my expectation.Only one drawback I could find is battery back up. Battery stands maximum a day.
nice & fluid phone. Never lags. All the benefits of higher priced phones are provided in 10,000! Enough RAM (2GB) & rom (16GB) with Intel atom Worth it...Must buy
"IMPORTANT 16GB MODEL DON'T INCLUDE EARPHONES" 1] The Built quality is really good, Its lite weight, Touch is Really Sensitive. The Battery is not That Good But Its Depended on the Usage For normal user it may last for the Entire Day.Use some battery optimizing app I use DU battery saver pro to kill the background apps. Rooting is good way to optimize the battery as u can control the activity of apps.But Rooting will Avoid the warranty. 2] If ur Confused between Moto G And Asus Zenfone 5 I will Recommend Zenfone 5 As its AnTuTu are much more, Its Camera Quality is Much Better Compared to Moto G. 3] It can Run all Games available in market I had played mc3,mc4,Asphalt 8,Brothers in Arms 3,CSR Racing,GTA San Andreas,Real Racing 3,Gangstar Vegas ......EtC 4] The Option To Move The Game Data as well as the APK to SD is Great which is not available in many of the high End Phones of well known brands. 5] The Games that uses OBB files as data Can Be move to the SD along With the APK. You cant directly copy the data to SD You need to install It In the phone first and then move to SD using the option In the app INfo. 6] The games having Files Other then OBB cant be Moved to SD. Its ok as most of the game in market Has OBB files. 7] Always use the latest update of Game to Avoid Crashing. 8] Always Reset the phone before applying System Update. 9] Buy the accessories on Ebay I had Purchased Slim Armor Case which is Worth for its price and different color Back Panel Cover are available for about Rs.900 which are costly but its only available on Ebay. 10] While Playing Games It phone get heated At the upper-middle Part of The Screen. 11] It is Mentioned that it has Dual Core CPU.But It Has 2 Virtual core That is It has 2 CPU core + 2 Virtual Core= 4 Core. It is clearly visible using apps like CPUZ. 12] The Earphones Sound Quality is really good Compare to Earphones I got with Note 2. _______ Go for It Friends Worth For Every penny _______
I bought the ZENFONE 5 and within 20 days the ear piece- speaker konked. Thanks to amazon.in, I got my refund. Loved the manner in which TechFone (seller) sent across the phone to me but, There are many Asus Zenfone 5 customer complains which I learnt after I went to the authorized service centre in Andheri, Mumbai. Then I went on to buy the NEW ZENFONE 4 A450CG (checkout online). Within 24 hours of purchse of this phone, my loudspeaker started giving harsh sounds and the micro SD card was not getting accepted by the phone. This phone heats up even with simple messaging. I had to ask for a refund as this phone is not stable. Asus ZENFONE 5 and 4 are NOT stable versions. The brand needs to get the quality standerds a little more higher in order to stand within the fast growing Indian market. Will not recommend ASUS brand to anyone. Amazon team, be careful and don't put up this item on your stock, avoid the trouble. All the best to all buyers.
i got this phone on may 2..... i got this phone by two step delivery... build quality is superb... plz note that earphones dnt come with it... so i recommend u to buy sony mdr zx110.. for 750 bucks.... camera is superb... battery gets heated but not that much... some say it heats a lot.. bt i havent found it till nw after a usage of 45 min(playin games, listenin songs).... overall this is a best smart phone anyone could buy.. if u are planning to go for a phone like this one, jst go for it!
It's the asus soul within it .every game is running at ultra .sound quality is superb.screen quality is too good with splendid display to set color intensity
Great phone, economical than Xiaomi Mi and moto g... Intel processor... 12 hr battery life with calling+3g... Using since nov 2014... It contains FM radio..
Must read before you buy My brother brought latest Motorola g2 lollipop version from flipkart And i brought this awesome ASUS ZENFONE 5 16GB BLACK COLOUR SMARTPHONE Here r the comparison between then Motorola g2 lollipop version and ASUS ZENFONE 5 16GB ABOUT the ASUS ZENFONE 5 16GB. :- Pros: -it looks smart comfortable and quality made product THAN MOTOROLA G2 LOLLIPOP VERSION -the screen and the touch quality is just awesome it is very quick and fast in its class even better and smooth then the Motorola g2 lollipop version and also the screen is bright, clear, big and has great hd pixels then Motorola g2 -it is getting the latest android lollipop update in early April 2015 -now it works on Android kitkat which is also the latest -asus ui its just awesome and looks smart than the Motorola g2 16gb -1.6 GB of Intel RAM { nearly 2 gb of intel ram} -it doesn't lag only lags after very very heavy usage All games works smooth whith this phone than the Motorola g 2 like the asphalt 8 with best hd quality lag in Motorola g 2 but works very smooth with this asus zenfone 5 16th gb -Glove Sensitivity feature -Keyboard Settings is great -about Camera 8mp rear with flash and 2mp front both the rear as well as front camera are incredible any stunningly awesome it records full hd pictures as well as videos with auto focus and different sensors -it has lots of modes in camera (selfie mode, low light mode, auto mode, hdr mode, timeline mode, gfx mode,..... And much amazing features) - 16th gb internal memory and 32/64gb upgradable external memory - the asus smart flip cover the must buy accessorie it shows all important Windows on the flipcover like the Samsung gear watch -mi 10500 mh battery backup (powerbank) works best with this asus zenfone 5 16th gb -reading mode -dual sim card -Voice Search, It's a cool feature.. Try it and you will love it. -asus remote link :- Cool to control your computer or laptop remotely over wifi or Bluetooth. Phone can be used as a remote, to watch a movie or browse etc. Cool -What's Next: I really like how it shows my schedules in one screen in a tree format, and also shows the time left for the event to occur. -it has auto brightness option -and much more features than Motorola G 2 lollipop version Cons: - The speaker/ringer volume is little low as compared to the Motorola g 2. - does not have backlight button ( but it has the great vibrating feedback) -it supports latest micro sim card concept on both sim card slot like other latest smart phones which is common now a days Conclusion: From my experience, I can definitely say that it's the best phone but under priced drastically. And even it is now getting the latest lollipop update this coming April 2015 now it works on kitkat Similar phones cost over 20-25k. And over all you get a ASUS brand. I think that this phone is a game changer and the toughest contender in the price even better than the latest Motorola g 2 lollipop version I read some concerns that Radio is missing in it, However the truth is that FM Radio is installed and works well. So the winner is ASUS ZENFONE 5 16GB but if u are only looking for little loud sound speaker phone go for Motorola g2 but it is not the value for your money I hope the above lines clear all your left over doubts for purchasing this phone. Thanks for bearing my thoughts and experience. :-) Have a nice day
i have the same but in 8gb version... like others i was in bit confusion that should i buy it or moto g finally i bought this one because of expandable memory but seriously i am in love with my zf5 i will seriously recommend this in front of grand and note series coz they look toyish in front of this handsome mobile ;) looks 5* u cant resist urself from buying after feeling it performance 5* it never lagged sachi ;) camera 5* with pixelmaster the camera is plus point of zf5 battery 3* on 3g my onscreen time is just 3hrs so u can understand if battery life increase i will surely buy 2 more :D software 2* still running 4.3 what asus don't u want to be a good known company in mobiles...? if yes update the zf5 to kitkat ui 5* something new Samsung users will fall in love with it simple attractive and affective ;) speaker 3.5* low but audio quality is good hardware 4* hmmm... intel was one of the reasons i bought it over moto g but some apps don't support it right now sad ;( gaming 4* every game runs smooth even dead trigger 2 and other high ends as well but the problem occurs at the starting anly for 3 sec i donno why... i am not a geek just a simple user so cant talk about details :) sorry but i don't want u to buy it because i don't want it to become common :P just kidding buy it and u'll fall in love with it ;) tc
been using it for a month.its a very good and the best phone in this price Range.the phone has a premium look and build quality..there is no lag due to the 2gb RAM n intel processor.tried many heavy games upto3gb nd the phone was very fast.camera quality is just amazing.the full hd videos are better than a dig cam. i have recommended the phone To many the only drawback is the battery life...heavy use can lead to battry lose n heating..expect this the phone is the prime of all.
Nice phone. Olny one drawback i found that its bazel keys are not backlit, little bit struggle while using phone in dark. Top class service from amazon.
I bought this phone on ebay.in Asus 5 gold color with 16gb for 11021 only using coupon code EOSSAXIS14 ( valid with axis bank debit and credit cards only) . Speaker voice is very low .......rest everything is good......and yes....as this is new entry .....u will find hard to get original accessories.......
Best phone in dis budget only problem is d battery life of dis bt Dan dat u can sort out wid power bank.... Pretty much satisfied wid d product..... '
Well first of all the phone was marvellous ly built, great features, screen was beautiful, touch was better than snapdragon in short it can outperform competitors chipsets all thing being good The main drawback was SOUND below below par very poor Even worst battery with power save mode on and very light usage lasted 12 hrs i can surely expect 6 to 8 hrs on moderate usage forget heavy usage Beaware of the battery its worst than you would expect
Phone body is superb Pros: 1. Sleek design, easy to handle 2. Beautiful finishing, good value for money Cons: 1. Design is good but the flaw is it is not having background light for back, Home & background process buttons which makes difficult to operate phone in the dark. 2. Majority times when you try to hit space button on onscreen keyboard , Home button gets pressed. UI is amazing Pros: amazing UI provided by Zen UI Interface. Cons: 1. Sometime the screen intermittence has been observed, whenever an app screen is up , the home screen appears for fraction of seconds as if the application is minimized. 2. Phone screen awakes by its own even in case of screen is off. Hardware: Cons: 1. Only few times the network connectivity issue has been faced. 2. Battery consumption is bad for the capacity 2110 mAH
The phone is amazing as well as it was already updated to Android 4.4.2(Kitkat).The camera functions are nice you get 12 gb free.The ZenUI just look awasome,you get a new look.If you want a new look in Android and a photo freak its the best for you.No problem with gaming you can play HD games with high settings.But battery is lacking you need to charge 2 times a day.Its also supports 1080p videos but for .mpg file you need to have MX player which is no issue.
Simply Amazing ...Great looking handset The look of the home screen and the menu bar is refreshing! Average Camera... indoors ...outdoors I have not clicked pics as yet Made a couple of calls, The call quality is excellent ! Transition between windows and multitasking is flawless Battery lasts for a good 10 - 11 hours for an average user ( 60 mins phone calls, 20 mins whats app , 10 mins FB , surfing for 10 15 mins ..emailing ...in fact it lasts longer then my Samsung mobile Go for it guys!!!!
Just one word.....awesome.....updated to stable kitkat. Absolutely no problems at all. Fair battery backup. 2 gb ram makes device powerful enough to handle any task. Gaming experience is very good. Can play every game ever existed without lag at al. Almost all softwares are inbuilt eg. File explorer, zip archiever, power saver, pdf viewer, so there is no need to download them so it saves si much of your RAM. I will recommend it. Just GO FOR IT......
The mobile is the best in terms of Looks, Display clarity and Camera. I Purchased it on 11th March 2015. But Its Shocking that with 3G use the Battery life is only 3 Hrs. I am terribly Upset that Such a wonderful mobile Battery is worse than any other in the market. I suggest DONOT BUY IT. I Returned it on 22nd March 2015 at 11am and Thanks to the prompt service of Amazon that I received the refund in just 2 HRS. Unbelievable service from Amazon.
Awsome mobile in this price range. Forget samsung and other brand as they never come with good features like this in this budget. Gorilla glass 2gb ram intel processor and many more. Asus is good quality brand in computer technology. So dnt wry about quality. Go for it.
good phone with HD display and 2 gb ram so fast and smooth so i suggest u this device you shood bey it for Rs:9886 k bai
phone is awesome. product is same as described in internet. screen size looks little bigger. in all together you can go for it without any doubt.
phone and its performance is pleasant , only problem is battery if you use wifi, data, or other facilities , you can use POWER SAVER application of the phone plus you can download DATA SWITH and WIFI ON OF SWITCH from playstore if you individually control the both , you can also check your battery consumption by applications in settings ...and above all if you want to use your phone with games or lots of functions on, use power bank..
this device is so hit & Battery backup is very low , this device on major problem is over hit, camera gud, other wise its totally good
- Product had issues like heating up when getting charged. - Issue with sound quality / hear a lot of static in calls randomly.
its good but batter is finishing fast...
Best product you can buy in 11k. Purchased in August. Even better then buying 30k Xperia z in all means. And i really mean it
Its an amazing phone in 14k...better than moto g... Good ram, memory, screen... Looks are classy... All games supported.... You wont regret it... Dn read d negative reviews... Most look like competitors
The phone is aweson.....but the sound is not too loud considering indian environment....apart from it no problem just buy it
Let me be frank, the packing was horrible ! Amazon could have done better to pack a 10K phone. But delivery speed was fantastic. Coming to the Cell: It is very sturdy and has a very classy look. 2 GB RAM makes it pretty fast and ZEN UI is also very very smooth. Gorilla Glass is also a great feature given the price. Overall, A good buy for 10K
Best handset within in this range . Great looks . I am anyway big fan of asus products . Excellent design and great quality
Awesome phone. I ordered 2. But in my wife's phone the icons do not sort alphabetically. That option is just not available.
Ordered this phone on 24/02, got delivered on 26/02. Quick and excellent service from Amazon.in ! :) Totally in love with this new phone, no issues with the phone.. Having a good battery backup, great performance as well, great camera features.. I would recommend this phone to others who are looking for a good phone under 10k. ! Good work Asus & Amazon !
Expectations and specs are genuine real !! Iam getting a medium battery backup thats ok for me ! recommend to friend !!
Beats any other gadget in the same price range hands down. Be it MotoG or Xiomi MI3. The design is so sleek you can hardy feel the it's widdth. Asus has a custom UI that feels intuitive after a few days of use. No function needs more than 2 taps to execute. The camera is good and with the camera 360 app from play store the filters will make your photos rival ones from dslrs. IT HAS AN EXPANDABLE MEMORY CARD SLOT. NEITHER MOTOG NOR MI3 HAVE ONE. This means you can effectively kiss your laptop and tabs goodbye. Speakers are on the backside due to which the movie watching experience might be affected depending on the source volume. Songs are not an issue. Another good thing is ASUS issues regular updates to fix bugs. I've been using the phone for a month now and 3 updates have been issued already which shows how committed the company is towards enhancing user experience. After the second update my camera started hanging up and the phone would take a long time to respond, eventually restarting by itself. This pissed me off greatly because the you cannot restart the phone by removing the battery as it's fixed. The next update solved the issue and the camera
Lovely phone, worth the money in every way. And for those who complain about battery, it is enough for a day of college, so i dont mind at all. Camera is amazing for the price, and the phone is very fluid. Haters gonna hate. buy it to feel it. And this phone is better than a moto g in every way possible. Even the music app is awesome. zenui rocks, and the phone looks fantastic.
A great phone. Some issues with the battery and the charger I received was bent and faulty. Else good value for money.
Very good awesome handset,micro film excellent app,only the battery haveto develop,so that am giving u 4.5 star rate.
it is a very bad phone its display brightness is very low and battery backup was poor and it is charging at 5-6 hours
Excellent phone. Very smooth operation. Good design. Only down side: poor battery life, apprx 15 hrs of regular use.
I purchased Zen fone pearl white.one problem with set. Two shadow line display in screen.I want to change this set..
its a good phone but only 4 small problems 1. it heats up very quickly specially during calls or watching movies or playing games 2. battery is in-built 3. battery capacity is a bit low in this model where as the other asus zenphone 5 8 gb has got much better battery backup 4. sooo many pre-installed appps some use full some not at all but just take memory.
This is excellent phone....Awesome super clarity, super camera......extra ordinary Intel performance.....best buy
Phone was amazing.up to.my needs.battery backup is superb.if u r gamer then it won't suit u.Pakka business phone.
awesome phone...... first order this phone found it damaged.. but thanks to amazon i got refund thus it took time but m happy i get back my money.. then i ordered same handset in red and its working awesome but as usual like other smart phone it has battery problem ignoring that part asus rocks that Amazon for such a good service thus u r attender are irritating.....
i got this phone s little bit late. do not blaming amazon. now come to the review. pros nice look very handy slick design love at first sight amazing UI Mind blowing RAM, Played heavy games without any lag camera good speed is very good and many more cons only one i think battery backup needs charging frequently
Good phone Superb looks Battery should be improved But for the price I paid very much satisfied
100% genuine product supplied by Amazon. I took a 1 day delivery at a premium of Rs. 99. I received the product in less than 24 hours. I am totally happy with this. The battery is an issue with the phone as it doesn't last too long. But apart from that it's a much better device than Moto G2 or Xiaomi Mi3. I would describe this as a must buy.
The phone's really amazing,it's got a 2gb RAM & is really fast. The camera quality is also superb it's better than most sony & htc phones with same megapixels.The display & touch response are also appreciably good. The only drawback is that the phone gets really hot while playing games,watching videos & on hot summer days i would suggest a cooling pad...
Very Disappointed with the product.. The phone was found defective on delivery.. Had a scratch on the back..
Got it today good packaging by amazon the mobile is all good but there was no headset from Asus sad ABT that
I am not an expert to review a phone but to help the developers to make it more efficient 1)Too many pre-loaded ASUS Application in the phone, though they may not consume much space but it is quite irritating. Battery can be improved. Screen size good. phones working smoothly. not installed too many games though. but whatever is installed runs smoothly.
battery life is not good. camera of Moto G2 is good than Asus Zenfone5 . Some time it is stop working.
asus zenfone 5 sound s good but 8mp rear and 5 mp front doesn't sound's good bcoz if they had taken 10 k the features should be more up to date android jelly bean and 2000 mah battery for 5 inch fone atleast should be 2500 mah . If someone need to spend 10 k on android fone one one should try redmi 4g . In the end just above average fone.
Happy with product but heats so much and battery backup is very bad... Too many apps will make it slow
Guy's plz dont take asus zenfone 5 mobile. I am not happy with camera performance. Its too bad.
This phone though boasting superfine technology amazing design and a great UI needs update every single day. Something of Zen Apps needs update daily. Even though it means continuous improvement in the phone one will surely get irritated by these updates. In terms of specs this is the best phone better a few in 20K segment.
dont buy this product. it takes more time to charging compare with other mobile. price is also high
ZenFone 5 is a value for money proposition. I really liked it... Looks very premium to its price tag. Great form factor. Feels good to flaunt it publicly. One thing which still requires to upgrade is its camera performance... I feel it's just at par not brilliant but otherwise no complaints at all. So friends grab yours ZenFone 5 !!!!
Thanks amazon for fast delivery.--------------------------------------------------- 1. Display is very good 2. light weight mobile 3. slim and looks stylish 4. Power button and volume buttons are very good 5. Intel processor giving good performance((neutral)), no laggings. 6. Touch screen very responsive 7. Camera is "awesome" 6. Sound output is "OK" 7. Headset - good 8. 2GB Ram is quite Sufficient 9.battery is drain fast
It is very good smartphone to buy reasonable price.good processor speed.it ill not get stuck while playing games or while using apps. Ya it has draw backs like Low Battery power as it drains quite quickly even though mobile is not in use. It has heating issues. M sure Asus will look forward to resolve these issues.
Except the battery, an amazing phone with really good features at this price. Best in performance
Good phone it this price, But somthing it hangs. Also asks so many many updates on daily basic...
awsum phone... great features.. value for money... thumbs up for this phone... (y)
Recently bought this phone... all things are superb.. camera quality is fantastic.. sound quality is also good... very fast processor... kitkat update... zenUI id the best.... call quality is also amazing.. value for money... its recommended to the user who love good camera phones..there lots of mods for picture capture..good apps given by asus best notification bar... n at the end amazon one day delivery is so best...love amazon...:)
Dear Amazon I purchased this mobile 4days ago....but in this mobile am unable to insert sim card(micro sim) After inserting sim its getting signals for only two, three minutes after that its showing as insert sim...I tried more than 5 sim card for all those it's showing same error.... Will you help for this...
Just go for it! Only speaker sound is low but it doesn't matter for me..5 stars for performance
Excellent Phone with awful battery performance. After turning the mobile data on you can practically learn numbers as you see the battery dropping down. Heats with mobile data on. If you want to buy this item be sure to add a power bank along with it. Performance is excellent even better than any phone below 20K
VERY NICE PHONE the phone is good no problem of heating or hanging 2GB ram applications run smoothly does not support some languages like punjabi the only disappointment from asus is for camera pixels blurr on zooming do no go for update it sucks your glove touch option and no improvement in phone
On price point, it can be compromised. But for such a big brand like asus, things need to be looked minutely. I purchased this smartphone one month back. Its battery is very poor. I wonder really it is 2150 mah or just printed. 1 hr of net usage drains battery 25%. Though android kitkat 4.4 says to run on less than 512 mb, zenfone shows 700 mb using only for it, apart from google apps and third party's. Guys, plz think about these.
Phone is really good in this price,picture quality is good,watching movies is a good experiance because of its picture quality ,drawback is only this phone gets something heat when I play games, and one more camera is not so good, otherwise this is really good..2 gb ram you run many apps in this phone.16 gb memory..
All the qualities of the phone are good. Only the camera quality is not upto the expectation
Superb...phone. Don't upgrade too kitkat. Battery drains fastly.. otherwise i'am lovin it:-P
It is very good phone for 10k price. Superb touch experience. Light weight and looks so cool
wonderful photos from Asus. photo clarity is very good. Phone is working absolutely fine.
So far happy with the phone, is very light as compared to its size. Is working flawlessly for general applications. Display is good, sound on speaker is OK, on headphones to the mark!!.There is no slowness in access of apps or browsing. Internet is working great. overall a very good phone for the price, infact for higher price range too...I think this phone with Moto has set a benchmark on quality for lower range phones. Good going!!!
I have used this phone for the last few days now. Its one of the best phones, feature wise and look wise too. Apart from the battery issue, I didn't find any other issues at all. Before buying this phone I have compared it with several other phones and tested a few ones too. Today I am completely satisfied.
How can a purchaser decides whether it is 8GB or 16GB? Please respond with the details of this product belong to.
Awesome phone. Outlandish obb to sd feature, even in android 4.4.2.(i have 3 GB worth of apps (includes asphalt 8) and only occupied 1.4 GB internal storage). Good customer care. Stunning elegance and features. Good Camera. Excellent 2D and 3D graphics. Plays asphalt 8 at high quality without loosing a frame. Excellent UI. Antutu benchmark v5.1 score of- 23000 Only disadvantages are- ^Battery ^intel processor (causes some issue with some apps) But trust me this is the best phone you can get at this range.:):)^_^
Awesome Phone. Nice look...does not get heat even after continuous long use. Processor is really great.This phone is quite fast.I install lot off android apps,games etc.....I did similar installs in other/my older android gadgets..but performance of Asus Zenfone 5 is really appreciable.....
Very nice phone, after a long search for a good phone in a budget category, jumped and bought this 2gb RAM baby. the photos are lovely. and the Gorilla Corning glass helps alot. Thank you for the lovely phone and an unbeatable price. Does not have HDMI out for viewing contents in larger led screens.
Amazing phone for the price dont think . just get it already asus is gonna release its new line of phones soon so probably you should wait for it . battery wise the phone is decent contrary to what the majority has to say . just turn off the flip cover thingy love the phone
great one everthg is ok exept the battery backup..its a good choice and value for ur money..great over all speed excellent camera and gaming.. and this phn may easly slips from ur hands.. CAMERA 5* GAMING & GRAPHICS 5* STYLISH 4* OVERALL SPEED 5* BATTERY BACKUP 3* :(
Best product. Do buy. I was about to purchase moto g but this product is way better than moto g at the price. I bought it for ~11.5k. Recently we are provided kitkat update and android L is also confirmed. People around this budget go for this product especially from amazon as people who bought this phone from flipkart are facing a lot of issues as most phones from there are turning out to be defective.
A good smartphone at this price ........and i should clearly say that you would get everything what you desire at this price. Great work from Asus....however the battery discharges very quickly and it cannot handle heavy games. Apart from that, this phone is a perfect power packed budget phone.
Good phone but it has less volume for listening m music and movies... Rest is good..
This phone is amazing and no competition in this price range. If u r a brand name freak then u can choose other phones but just compare the config and performance with zenfone 5. You cant get better than this even after spending 3-4 k extra. So be a part of change and try it. You wont regret.
Everything is already described by others here. I am simply in love with the phone. And yes two famous cons battery back up and Low loudspeaker volume are true. Battery back up is average but its a smart phone , you shall not expect much anyways. The 5 star is given for the product. Packaging was horrible though. No bubble wraps, no plastic air bags. A simple piece of cardboard through the four corners of which the phones box was easily visible. Thats not how a smartphone should be packed i suppose.
The phone is good with all cool features and stuff. I'be been using this for 2weeks now...n it seems good..keeping up to my expectations.....initially though I had a problem with the keypad...after resetting it...it's working fine.....recommend for anyone looking for a budget phone.....
I can rate it 5 star but cant due to its battery.life....other than it its superb
The Battery is little low considering the specifications given in this mobile. Heating Issue. Sound Quality is poor Specifications wise its good but battery a series drawback... i kept for charging in a day 3 times.. too much to take it, returned the product...
Sound quality, very bad Low sound. Some operational limitations also.
All features are good but only one problem which is battery backup are not good
A good one. 2gb ram almost fast processing & 16 gb internal gives an advantage over all other phone.The main problem is that of Battery.With such Specs it deserved a good battery life.. And in the box no Earphone U have to buy it separately.... Just thats it. Worth Buying
on the first day it was a bad experience...mobile strated with display issue..
Just O.K. Ring volume, speaker volumes are average, battery drains quickly.
Actually I like the phone the configuration is just excellent. It is a really light phone. Also touch is excellent. Only one problem with it is Jelly Bean. Also update for kitkat came but when I tried to update it showed error. I lost my 500 MB for the update and it didnt update. Delivery is excellent I got it within 3 days.
bad choice....phone heats too much..battery sucks....apps crashing problem
the phone is very good in this price range . I like the look and touch very much.Also I got KitKat update and phone working smoothly. The Drawbacks of this phone are 1. The speaker volume is very low 2. The battery can be of high rating for full day use
Wonderful phone....I am quite happy with the product.....only thing that could have been slightly better is the battery back up...you need to charge it at least once a day as the battery drains quite fast......hence the 4 stars.....otherwise it deserves 5 stars.
I purchased ASUS Zenphone5 in November 2014 and in 4-5 months itself when it slept from my hand while walking its Gorilla Glass got broke totally. If you want to buy a phone go for anything than this as you are gonna get frustrated while looking at your phone. Don't waste your money in this illusions proposition. Giving single rating as system does not allow a zero. I request you all to stop thinking about this phone and go for anything than this
i hv lovely experience with that phone.......touch is smooth and no hang
I bought this one from Amazon and deliver the committed date. Amazon fulfilled device service are awesome.Very good phone. Display, ram speed,call quality,camera are excellent. battery backup in standby mode good but in browsing it is fully drain in 3hrs.
Nice. Fast browsing...It beats samsung smartphone which i already have.
Very nice phone and super only one mistake this phone not for headphone
nice n i posted ds after using it for a month.. phn z good.. no hangs,,, bang fr it !!! campaign gold colour z best though i hv seen red and black too wd hands on exp... but gold z best n consider transparent baqck cover fr ds phn..looks cool wd color...
HI I am using this phone since 5 months. No issue till now. It is best cellphone at this price. The touch of this phone is really awesome. If you are planning to buy cellphone, this is the phone I will recommend to you.
Excellent.....best phone for this price. Go for 16gb internal memory.
It works well, happy with Instrument and service provided by Amazon.
Superb fone... no lags no hangs... excellent design..camera was awesome, little bit disappointed with its music player and battery life....but overall a great fone and great value for money.. hoping that asus will produce more great fones like this
Giving it 5 stars .. coz its the best phone in this range ..good phone .. good looks..good camera.. good processor.. good storage space .. there is one problem.that it heats up too fast ..and dat there is no headset given with this model ...
This is not a review, it is sort of confirmation for everyone out there who is confused with the ROM. Guys, THIS IS 16GB version of Zenfone 5 and it is just more than awesome. You can go for it with no second thoughts. I am loving the piece.
this product is battery is very poor. and the sound quality also bad
EXCELLENT PRODUCT EXPRESS DELIVER SERVICE ANEROID KITKATE 4.4.2 GOOD BATTER BACK FOR NORMAL USER CAMERA QUALITY LIKE MOTO G 2 ND GENERATION UNDER 10K BEST BUDGETS PHONE SPECIAL THANKS TO AMAZON FOR GENUINE PRODUCT
I had brought Asus Zenfone 5 (16GB, Black Version) Mobile is performing as expected and great value for money. There are so many pro's for the mobile like design, display, smooth screen, System Ui, camera features, ram, sound system (when plug in earphones or speakers it will amaze you.. with it's sound), Gaming, Updates and main thing is it's Memory (16GB in +64Gb SD+ OTG) There are also some no's for this device like sound in the device is low (amazing when plug in), they said it ha gorilla glass but i got minor scratches by using without screen guard, little heating, The main thing to consider is it's BATTERy, it drains very fast .. the biggest minus for this device and other biggest minus is the CAMERA quality sometimes it is ok but the pic taken are very noisy and not expect more with camera quality.. (i think it will be fixed in upcoming updates.. :) ) But another good thing is Asus is trying to solve each and every problem face by users they are collecting the problems of the device software issues and they are fixing them in next updates..so we can expect more from them.. And coming to the point Amazon had delivered it very fast without any damages I recommend it to my friends who doesn't cares about battery or manage it by using power bank.. and i believe that other software related issues will be cleared by Asus in upcoming updates..
Good built and finish .avg cam and continuous gaming results in over heat .Its 4.2 but told to be 4.3 jelly bean .I do no if its we to upgrade it...but with other specification s and price consideration and service I had to give it 4star.
Superb performance. Battery always an issue, hardly lasts a day. Top class performance from the processor and good ram management. Display is pretty crisp though full HD would have been awesome. Anyway , Value for money. So far so good
Volume is very low. Cannot enjoy music. FM recording is not available. Radio look is boring. Need to be lively. Radio volume is very very low. Cannot accommodate more than two persons in selfie. Front camera should have wider angle.
Item received as expected . excellent service by amazone . kudos
This is the best phone I can have in this price category.Good touch, extremely well made chassis, feels premium. Fast processors.The phone is working very smooth without any lag.But the phone came without the head phones in the box,
Bought one for my uncle...he is impressed... Product is reliable...go for it if u hav a service centre near by in case.... Specs an performance wise... Grt... Amazon pls try improve services in south... U r dng good.
Its great phone in this range...mostly all heavy game run...but asus should improve the cooling system i think...over all it best companion of new zen smart phone..and asus zenui luncher is aswom...and some good feature..love it..
Mobile built quality is really good.Most attractive factor is speed and display quality. ZenUI is really good. Every one was telling touch button in the front panel is not provided with back light but i think its not an issue, we know where the home key n all in our mind after a week / couple of days usage. Touch is outstanding. Played asphalt 8 , there is no lag. Battery life is okay. Packing is really good. Sealed in a transparent plastic paper . This color is really good - champagne gold gives a premium look to the mobile. Packing also very attractive. Camera with flash is average only. But lots of options where there. ISO from 50 to 800. Sim card supported - Micro Sim Fall in love with the device. Thanks to asus for providing such a low cost mobile n thanks to amazon for provide the mobile for much lower price (11.65k) for 16GB variant. Really a good mobile guys... go for it.
This mobile is best And amazing phone And best prize
product is awesome. only problem is speaker sound is low.
An Amazing phone, it also comes with gorilla glass display. feels & looks like 20,000 INR worth phone. performance by Intel Atom processor is awesome no lags or delays. 2GB ram makes it multi-app usage .
its great about service ......of amazon ... need compleate garunty and warrenty about perchase on amazon ...... hp , sony, asus , dell ..... not giving warrenty ....on perchase of amazon ..... also need perfect packing ....
So far more than, I expected. I have to charge 2 times per day. I try to order, but not getting u? I received products well in advance, congratulations keep it up. Explain product details s excellent. Overall I mark 4.5
zen 5 purchased one month back got shut down and i went to ASUS service center in Kilpack and got my touch screen changed after on week.Some times it shuts off and on automatically.Facing lot of problem sometimes icons automatically vanishes.Very bad experience.
Using this phone for quite a few months now. Absolutely no issues till date. I am a medium user and 2GB RAM is a blessing. Battery back-up is good enough for me. And the price is great. Thanks Amazon :)
1) heats a lot 2) doesn't come with headphones 3) also the screen stays awake (glows ) anytime and stays on until we off it. Thus draining the battery completely Other than that touch is very good and smooth
Nice phone but battery problem.even not work end of the day
I have been using this mobile since last month and I find this product as the best product in this class. Heating up is a small issue since when using camera, otherwise everything at this price point is really excellent.
This phone is amazing with one major drawback . Its battery is really poor. If you use all the apps it will stay charged hardly for half a day. Lookwise and performance wise it is okay.Didn't experiment much.
1. Mobile performance is very good. I am very glad that I get this mobile at this price. 2. Camera is good. 3. But battery performance is not up to mark. 4. Mobile size to screen size difference is large.
Great phone and the initial experience is good. Would have been good to receive the headset with it too. Another feedback for Asus though.. You should provide longer USB cables as the current one is tiny to be frank.
Its vry gud phn . I orderd on 23rd dec i got with in 3days
Awesome cell phone i m in love of it....... Cool 2 gb ram no chance for hang ...... Evry one try this cell phone....... camera clarity superb and so many intresting funcions and features in built ........
Fantastic value for money. Good camera. Fit and finish is awesome. "Looks like an expensive phone and not a 12k phone" is the comment from everybody who sees the phone. Overall, very happy with the phone.
Excellent phone, I have used this for two months. UI is awesome ,I like it very much.. No doubt ASUS done good job.. one little cons in battery backup need to be improve.. overall nice design and specification..
I have purchased new ASUS ZENPHONE 5 from amazon on 27th of November. Got the delivery in just one day.hat's off to amazon for that. It's actually a great phone in 13k package. Smooth run, no lag at all, Zen ui is awesome. Camera is unexpectedly good. Main disadvantages: 1> Battery is not great. Very poor performance of battery. Won't long even for a day if you have continued usage. Even my battery stops working just in a three day. It can not be charged by it's charger. I have ordered a refund from Amazon .Hope will get it in some time. 2>Conectivity to the internet is not great. The signal will be lost at some time.3G can not be used on both card at once. 3>heating problems is there. it gets heated if you use it for straight one or two hours.
Its good nly but sometimes heating problm will be come..
rubbish phone ....... I am using zenfone 5 from 6 months I never let touch the water to my phone and suddenly the battery stops getting charge.I rush to service centre and they said your phone have water damage which is not cover warranty. I argue that I never let the water to touch to my phone then he said "May be your cable would be wetty or your sweat in pocket could affect it!!" This means only Asus's phones affected by these things other smartphones cannot? And the bigger problem of the phone is Intel processor-- On which they are marketing a lot is making a phone like chimney. Its heating like a chimney but service centre said now your phone has expired your warranty!!! My opinion "do not trust on this company"
its really an awesome deal from the seller. the product is in good condition. for ll the new zenfone devices it comes without headset. battery life is really poor.else overall performance is good.
After using many other mobiles I find out my perfect companion. The best mobile in this price. Suggesting it to every person. And why not it is upgradable to lollipop. ASUS Zenfone 5 the love of my life.
This PHone is awsm. 1. Fling finger option. 2. Mirror. 3. Mira cast-remotely control computer. 4. Superb touch. 5. 2GB ram. Jux in 10K and brand Asus. Not possible anywhere.
Only one lacking feature is low ring tone less volume.
Awesome phone.... not less then any high end phones out there. Battery kinda drains out really fast though.. not meant for heavy usage. Overall I think its one of the best phone out there in the market.
excellent product and prompt delivery... few cons: but battery is little low and headphone in handset at highest volume is noisy.... rest every thing is up to expectation....
Purchased it for my daughter. She is very happy with it. Meets the expectations. Great value for money. However, battery life is not good... cant expect anything more for a product in the 10K range...
It is a good purchase. But I am not sure about its battery life - if I consider my limited usage of the phone. However, its definitely a very light-weighted phone with super-sleek look and appearance.
Delivered on next day. Seller quoted 50% discount on MRP of Rs.13,999/- whereas the MRP on box is Rs.10,499/-. Battery drains very quickly. Loud speaker output is poor. Other features are very good.
Just got it yesterday with 1 day delivery option. Amazon was good at delivery as usual. for all those cribbing about the price.. its 16gb and the price is less than flipkart.. flipkart selling it at 13k i got it for approx 12k.. now coming to the phone. as it has been only a day but the the initial impression is really nice. the only drawback is the battery. though i have not tested it to the limit. but rest all is awesome. need to perform some battery benchmarks and stress test then will update about the performance regarding battery. but at this price tag this is really awesome. including the memory display performance. and yeah the loudspeaker sound sucks a bit. but thats not a concern for me. Go for it !!!
Could use a more powerful battery. Takes too much time charging and not much discharging. Sometimes changes its settings autonomously. Otherwise, an excellent phone. Totally worth the money. 
Hi, I am interesting in this phone. It is really good for gaming purpose . I am addicted to games and don't do much stuff other than games purpose. Hi guys , let me know . Is really worth the time.
I always wanted to own an ASUS Phone,finally i have Zenfone 5 :). About the phone everything is top notch except for poor battery life,but its fine for me i only use it to make calls and msgs.
Really underrated phone, brilliant phone at exceptional price, the huhulla about the battery life is overhyped, the batttery is just alright as good as any such phones, works for almst a day.....
Good brand with 2 GB ram but not support video call
Quite a good phone. Don't have any trouble with it!
I want headset in that phone & bring me a new pack
Little less battery. But performance is awesome...
Amazing phone, with 2GB RAM, 1.6GHz Dual Core Intel Processor. 8 MP rear camera, 2 MP Front Camera with LOW LIGHT Photography. BEST IN CLASS CAMERA AND PHONE... MUST BUY IN Such a Low Range.
Very good phone, excellent specs at a very affordable price. But if you can manage the Moto G at the same price then go for it! I have used both and one can tell that Moto G is better built.
Pros :- Display - IPS panel 5.05 inches : Way better than other phones in this price model Processor - Intel 1.6 GHz 2 core 4 threads : Smoothly running all apps OS - Jellybean (Kitkat update is available now) : Zen UI on top of Kitkat is good with lots of intuitive features Storage - 2GB RAM 16GB Internal : Sufficient for supporting numerous apps Camera - 8MP front 2MP back : Images are of high quality and low light images are good Sound : At par with other smartphones Cons :- Slight Heating : Upon high usage, Phone heats up slightly Battery - 2110 mAh : Will last one whole day with average usage. Medium Gaming drains battery.
Asus fits minimum requirements for people who dosent want spend more bucks, its just 11k and i loved it. U'l go crazy on its UI , AMAAAAAZING. OVERALL TOTALY ,ABSOLUTELY WORTH PRODUCT.
Awesome product. Have been using for 2 weeks now and feels so happy for selecting it. Ps: Do remember to change the display brightness from auto to manual to save your battery :P
Everything was fine until one day the speaker went dead. Should be hardware problem and since I stay at place where there is no option for service centers have to wait till I get to India.
Good Phone.... but I am facing heating problem...
With 2 gb ram 16 gb internal......awesome back n front camera.....makes the phone worthgoing in 9350rs......till now i m not facing any type of problem .....and at last this phone is good
It is the best phone available inthe market in this range .they using intel motherboard and intel processor so hardware side it is the best,but its sound and battery is not upto the mark
The product delivery of amazon is very good. Asus zenfone 5 16 gb variant is a good phone. The only problem is with the battery. It takes a lot of time to charge and drains very fast...
Very good Spec Mobile and good rate by Amazon...
Its getting too heat. Other than this it is good
Only battery backup is the issue.Rest is superb.
Good bt long procedure of exchange disappointed.
Over all its good but I didn't get the headset with it :-( n when m applied tempered glass a moisture arrived m again applied new one but same happens he told the mobile dameged :-(
good phone at this price.. but heat up quickly.
This phone is awesome. The only problem I found with this is the battery backup. And all d times the screen light turns on by itself. Couldn't find the setting to turn it off.
The phone is pretty awesome buy. ... Delivery of the Amazon is some what late.......cmeing to the phone the battery may b sme what more.......on an average its a good one go for it
I'm satisfied so far. Only problem l have is that I've not found any simpler way to disconnect the calls. Simple things that touchpad make complex. Pressing all over complicates?
Its really far better than samsung smart phones in performance as well as in style. Looks really nice and works better. sound is little low. but its headphone is good. Go for it.
I got this on last month. Phone is good and fast for browsing, typing and gaming. Performance is great. But the battery lasts only for half a day.A charger is needed at any time.
ever worst camera nd functions....fake company
Very Gud functions in such a nominal price....
If i turn the whole flip cover while using it the phone gets lock automatically..which quit anoid and irritating otherwise the phone is quit good and worth ; good in that price
Poor battery. Drains very fast even if no heavy use. also the back button is on left side which is very difficult to reach with same hand. call audio quality is also not good.
Product is good...but this product is getting warm while talking. And radiation also too high. I got ear pain and headache also..today I will decide this product return or not.
It is a very good smartphone for the given price tag. I have been using it for a week or so and till now i did not experience any lag in the software. Also the new zenUI is great..!! The touch quality is incredible..!! And as usual Amazon's fast service shipped me the smartphone in 2 days..!!! I really don't regret buying this phone..!! The only Backdrop is that the sound quality is little too low for this great piece..!! You wont be able to hear it if you are in a a large crowd or far away from it..!! But all in all its a well built phone that has some great hardware for thus much price tag...!!!
Nice budget phone with good specifications...
Its a very gud value for money branded phone.
It was a great deal by amazon at 6999. worth buying this device... at 9999 this phone is bit expensive but overall this is pretty decent phone for day to day usage.
The seller mentioned mobile specifications like 2gb ram ..1.6Ghz processor and 2 mp secondary camera. But I got the mobile with 1gb ram 1.2Ghz and VGA secondary camera.
Good in all features, battery lasts a day for generic wifi, 3g, and good whats up use including videos. Charges in some what 2.3 hrs.Haven't tried the service center yet :P.
i would give 10 stars if possible such an amazing phone in such a low price. the best thing is you can keep updating the android version whenever asus launches it
The phone is pretty good for the budget, but has one minor issue, it gets overheated. Amidst that, this cellphone is one of the best smartphones you may have come across.
Excellent phone and no problem till todate........ i would suggest that zenfone should also provide user manual......... that would help to access more features
everything as expected,but the bettery backup killing me,it drain much more faster than i think..over all i am happy with this price,6999 with 15% cash back.Really good.
Every thing is very good except camera. 8 mega pixel camera of my Samsung note 1 and 5 megapixel camera of my iphone 4 captures much better quality of pictures.
The phone is beautiful in gold. The user interface is extremely user friendly with built in apps. the only problem is the battery life, which is not upto the mark.
good features but the battery performance is poor. At 10k this phone is nice..New Zenfone 2 and Zenfone Zoom will be arriving soon..with more features...just google it.
The colour, Cherry Red,I thought it would be glassy red. but is metallic mat finish. Simply superb. Performance, in general, is fine. Really worth for the money paid.
It's a budget smartphone, having good battery backup,no hanging prblm and overall good performance except camera quality but it is acceptable in such a small budget.
I bought an asus zenfone 5 ,8 Gb.when I'm on a call all of a sudden the voice gets garbled, and funny noises occur,and it shows no network, in spite of good network.
Awesome device ,Light and powerful camera.
It met my expectations but only issue I observed is all of sudden it switches off. Gr8 look, very good performance and decent camera.
Camera result is worst only in my phone.. I checked other zenfone 5 bt its good bt mine is worst.it shows sunlight on face at o exposure while other phone dont.
Delivery of the phone was good About phone Good as per cost but laggs sometimes.. . WiFi have some problems for a moment only Good than others..
Amazing phone. Got before delivery date.
DISGUSTING EXPERIENCE POOR BATTERY LIFE
it is a good phone for this much budget
Awesome phone.Shipping is on time & all the accessories are provided .Infact i know that the headphones doesn't come along with this piece so rest all I got.
awesome phone ... worth every penny spent. I was a iphone user but after i switched to this phone i do not regret it even a bit. would recommend it to all.
No headphones provided with d box piece
Excellent usability and functions.. Brilliant speed of operations, gaming + multitasking+ video calls+ camera. For the price one pays this phone delivers
The biggest mistake of my life,battery backup is really worst end in 4 to 5 hours.otherwise the phone is best overall with 2gb ram and camera pixelmaster.
Nice Camera and definitely more bang for the money. Unfortunately doesn't come with headphones or protection cover. Battery life is the biggest let down.
In this pack,head phone not available.what about headphone? Whether head phone is not provided by asus or missed by amazon.otherwise mob is good sofar. .
Display had Flickering Issues. After I bought, just one day it was fine. Next day i was able to see display flickering bright and dull and disturbances.
Good mobile but poor battery heating problem and camera is not that good. Speaker volume to low hear. I recommend other to go for xiaomi redmi note 3g.
Very good mobile but only network problem . when we want to use 3g data it receives only 2g network. Infect I prefferd only 3g in the network settings.
very nice phone... but.. no option for switching the network type to 3g only.. :'-( need to do it from *#*#4636#*#* all the time..
Excellent product.Battery backup will be fine if mobile data /WiFi is off similar to other phones. Worth for 9k compared to 18k phones in market.
Ultimate Zen UI for this price Segment Phone Excellent Service by Amazon India while you orders the devices from amazon it show expected time of delivery in the Cart as well as below the Products with no any extra cost. Asus Zenfone 5 has Excellent Display with no lagging 2gb RAM with 1.7ghz processor Powered by the Intel Zen UI with feel like you are using the device ie HTC,SONY OR SAMSUNG Voice Clarity also have awesome
Good phone, worth with the price charged against it...excellent camera and features Looking for a smartphone in the range of 10k go for it
Very bad phn issue not solved by asus
Working good and shipment also with 3rd day delivery. I have purchase 4 units for my friends. All the pieces working well. I try to purchase zen2.
Excellent
when the price is criteria this is hte best mobile phone configuration we can get.. best value for money..
No doubt Product is good..... This is my second Asus Zenfone 5 bought for my brother; however, this time earphones are missing from the box.
Its a Good Phone.. many features are in built like video maker,etc.. which spares the phone's in-built memory from an externally downloaded app..
It is a cool phone. Using it for over a month now...no complaints as such...value for the price...overall satisfied for the price that I offered.
best phone but speaker volume is low
Except the length everything is fine
Not bad. Little bit probs with charge. But can be used for a day if u dont play games alot. And heating probs while gaming for more than an hour
It's better than my expectations. in that lower prise no other smartphones gives so many functions. And thank you for faster delivery
Sound is very low and when i connecting charger with in sec mobile is getting heat, once resolve the sound issuse this phone rating is 4.5/5.
with 2 gb ram and excellent camera quality asus zenfone 5 is the best phone smarrtphone under 10k and also thanks to amazon for quick delivery
Good product according to its price
1.Hangs often, 2.Worst Primary and Secondary Camera, 3.Battery Drains like anything when kept Idle 4.Video Quality disappoints
phone is very slow and overheating
It was good but no headse provided
Perfect phone for everyday needs !
At its price... this is a steal...
i have purchased this mobile.all the feature is amazing except battary backup just for one day.camera is really awesome.you can go for it.
Pretty decent phone. The phone has good signal strength. The performance is quite decent. Cons: The Camera was little disappointing.
Day before yesterday my asus zenfone 5's display went blank and am not able to use it anymore. I bought this phone just two months ago!!
Amazing phon Better than samsung device Never hang a phon 2 go ram run smoothly But asus should put 3000 mah battery
I am happy with phone features and enjoying in familiar with operational capabilities.A good choice for money spared for this facility.
Zen fone 5 is good futures but very sensitive batteries backup is not good cemera brightness is very low out spaker volume is very low
Great product with quick shipping
This phone is not user friendly even though the features are good the handset showers hot to your ears when you talk even for 2minutes
Within a month, the headphone symbol is on all the time. Now I am not able to use the phone for calls. Please suggest any fix for this
During call, I want to see messages etc ... the sensor is not working. Again I have to press lock button please give the solution....
I love it . Best phone for this price just only one complain...battery life could have been better but apart from that it's brilliant
good buy. However the phone gets heated very fast even if been used for few minutes. This does not effect the performance .though.:-)
It does not have battery back up for atleast 2 hrs ....... But good festures... budjected phone for 9500... power of 2gb RAM...
Better but looses charge quickly
Phone is awesome 2 GB ram and feather touch sensitivity...awesome camera ....best buy in such low prices..all stars for this phone.
Coming to the phone it is awesome until now . Have not seen issues , but it is too early . Will wait and monitor the performance .
Good phone, value for money @ 10K Good touch Regular software updates Nice App SuperNote ... --- ===
Nice phone at this range... the display is cool I love it...also the batery life bt it's little heavy and bigger in size
Nice phone in this range fast 2gb ram 1.6 intel processer 16 gb internal memory camera also good screen protect from gorilla glass
Display brightness is very poor. Even to watch HD video songs also not good. I am tried various setting but same brightness exist.
features are good, but battery backup is poor. If we using net it'll drain in 5hrs to 6 hrs, u hv to find power source every time.
If you speak for more than 15 minutes, u will not be able to hold it anymore.phone becomes damn hot. Pathetic battery.
Very very excellent smartphone... It also has one defect...sound quality is very low....I suffered a lot due to this problem
no battery backup so bad mobile
I feel it is very good overall.
In this price this is the best.
# Nice Product @ low cost # Best Service from Amazon, as always expected. # Finest Display # Long Battery Life *
Simply Superb in this budget . Great Looks , Decent camera with many features & settings . Highly recommended . Welldone ASUS .
Good phone. Lives upto expectations. At times, it looks to be struggling. Snap dragon anyday a better processor than Intel Atom
After using it for 3 months very satisfied with the phone. Battery life is good. Some features are excellent. Value for money.
Camera is working, but picture clicked is cracked and which is not visible. i mailed the same to asus but there is no replay.
Very very sad phone. Extremely bad battery back up. Low volume, colour clarity very poor. When asked to change, order refused
Worst Item delivered by Amazon
Wifi is getting off in betwwen
The phone bartery has an issue
Good performance since 2 months of ownership. Suggestion- A high rated Batter capacity like 3300 mah would have been better
Good phone & also a great service of amazon... loved the phone ... Excellent performance with good battery backup n camera
Inbuilt battery,only 2100 mah
Battery goes down very soon..
best is all purpose phone use
It's always really very super
battery discharge very quikly
No back light in back buttons,battery life below average with 3g usage (last not even a day) and speaker volume very low.
it was good untill it stopped working and it changed my opinion about it.and now i feel i got fooled by the specification
Can't give 5 starcharge charge stands for only 20 hrs.Camera clarity is super. Amazon delivered my phone in just 2 days.
Real value for money. Some little tweaks that Asus made to the android are quite helpful. The browser lacks flash though
I'm very satisfied with the product. It's just the best. It can't be raited with stars but for me it's the best in class
Very wise decision to order Asus zenfone 5... very much comparable to phone with costs around 18-25k... amazing camera..
All is good no hang not working slow btry backup good btry charging fast screen touch so good but speaker volume is low
capacity is low 16gb internal memory more usage but battery capacity low other all the features is best ,user friendly
Lovely handset by Asus and reliable as Intel chip and at this price you get 16gb storage and 2gb ram.......awesome.....
Really a value for money fone, but unfortunately the price got reduced to 600/- the next day i received the product :(
No headphone .... in packing
Good but charging is - point
Only battery life is problem
Good one and prompt delivery
Battery is very disappointing, only last for 5-7 hours with moderate usage, very large bezels adds to disappointment.
This is really some thing amazing made by ASUS. Using from last one month and every thing is excellent, specially UI.
Earphone was missing from the box, tried reaching Amazon and ASUS but it seems they are least interested to respond.
* Impressive design and UI. * Best price. * Regular updates (now updated to kitkat). * Excellent camera powered by pixelmaster technology. * World class brand. * Useful inbuild applications. * Battery backup needs improvement, but still better than my previous samsung device.
Good working, battery week,
Good Phone with this price.
there was no headset inside box. jus now i got this product. when i open the box i get shocked. i feel very bad.
Nice phone in this range.....sound quality little bit low in comparison to moto g.....rest all features are good
phone is good in ranfe of 12000 xcpt battery backup.. battery sucked instantly while using wi-fi or games..
Amazing phone... Worth the money... little bit of glitches while too many apps open but resolves in few seconds
battery is not good enough
great phone in less price.
1) Buttery smooth performance. Absolutely no lags. Games are running fast. 2) ZenUI is something different and nice. 3) Superslim and beautiful body. However its a bit slippery. 4) Gorilla screen makes for a hard screen. 5) Battery is OK, charges in 2 hours to 100%.
All is good,not good who are fan of music ,very low sound even during talking,battery should be improved
Product is sleek. But, main camera does not work. I understand many other buyers have found this problem.
Awesome phone to have. U will love it. Only a minor problem faced is with the battery charge.. But tats okay.
Working like a gem. NO lags and hangs. The main asset is its camera takes good pictures even in low light. All the games are plaed without hangs. This is the best phone for its price and it came from the brand ASUS. This is my fourth product from ASUS. All are working great.
best phone in all specs...dont have second thoughts....just go for it....dont waste time in comparisions...
Though many good features in the phone but have issues related to battery life, loudness, connectivity
Everything is good but only the volume level is not upto the mark.. Sound should be more loud than it hss..
nice phone at great price
Nice phone..worth using..
Full Filled my Expections
Nice phone. Happy with it
Superb touch quality Amazing experience with the ram speed Battery is also draining in fast rate
Good budget phone,as like other smartphones battery back is not good and headphones not provided,what about lollipop version or update
Don't ever try to by Asus phones ,it's having poor service and the product also won't last for long time.
I bought this mobile six month back. My display became yellow on one corner. I don't know why.
Its a fantastic product.
A value for money phone.
Nice phone in best price
Thank u Amazon for giving the mobile 6999/- only in summer sale. Mobile is supper and good performance.
This is an eye catching bee with lovely speed. The camera functions are very good. Worth more than paid
Awesome performance.But Battery has to be improved. So I give 4 stars. Otherwise it will be 5 STARS...
Its a very good product for its price range except it produce some heat on the back side of the mobile
Good phone. Solid build. Batttery on par with similar phones. The screen glare is bit bad in sunlight.
Superb phone with best features...but poor in battery performance by evening we have to charge mobile
Very bad for battery life. It maximum 3-4 hours life. Otherwise it is very best powerful performance.
Packing worst because i have received as without charger and without headset....cheating packing ....
Battery is too bad.. The built quality is bad. The back cover doesn't fits the body. and makes noise.
Very nice phone in this range it gives me all expectations but uses more internet memory and battery
Model was too good.....in website over all good specifications not displayed.very nice phone by asus
Except Battery .... Backup everything is Value for Money. Kitkat update must come else useless.
Its more than expectations. Stylish, light weight, fast. Only thing not able to get a cover for it .
Battery backup is poor.
It looks good.Battery backup is moderate. Camera again is good but not excellent.Overall I like it.
Very good phone. Regular updates are received as and when they are released. Good value for money.
Amazing phone in this price...go ahead and buy this phone..till now i have not faced any issue....
Very good phone , having all feature , very light weight , sleek phone , screen is very impressive
Asus Zenfone 5 is a realy good phone at this pricing range . It has all the features u need and expect from an above 20,000rs range of phone . i am really satisfied with this product and it works above my expectations till this date.
Asus releasing so many specifications with this model. So confirm the spec them place the order.
amazing phone battery (2150 mah) power is better then other phones with same battery power.
Nice phone normal heat
really worth for money
It is an awesome phone
Love this phone... Speed of Asus zenfone and delivery speed of Amazon both are up to the mark...
Its been just a week I guess. Over all I will say its a glitchy phone. I had a couple of calls dropped. Secondly, the feel is light, soft, like an egg shell (especially the back cover). I dare not put it in the back pocket of my pants. Battery is pathetic. Really, if I could use a word worse that pathetic I would use that. Oh one more thing, it has dual sim, but 3G is only on SIM1. Oh and you better get power bank with this, it can ditch you any time. Sound is feeble. The first time I got a call on this one, it sounded like a lizard licking on the wall. I pulled up the volume and all other things, and then it was barely mumbling. And it becomes hot, really hot while talking, so better use you headphone, or better a bluetooth, stay away from the battery in case you dont wanna burn yourself. But there are many big things this phone has. Big hardware and big apps. Oh this one is made in China and it proudly says that. 2GB RAM in 12K and it lacks quality of a good basic phone. I dont know if there are any service center in India. Nokiaaaaa, curse you buggers. You could have been in the market and shown these elements what phone really means.
I am in love with this device. Want to know why? Let's find out- Good points- 1. The handset feels solid and sturdy. The phone's ergonomic design and good looks are its best features. 2. 5-inch IPS HD (720x1280-pixel) screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for protection. The screen's 294ppi pixel density makes text sharp and clear and the viewing angles are good. 3. Runs Android 4.3 Jelly Bean and Asus has promised that the handset will receive Android 4.4 KitKat update. 4. It features an excellent camera for the price, 8 MP rear and 2 MP front. 5. ZenFone 5 is easily the best sub-Rs. 10,000 Android phone I have used. There was no lag, and multiple apps including heavy games such as Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger 2 were handled with ease, thanks to it's dual-core 1.6GHz Intel Atom Z2560 processor and 2 Gb of RAM. 6. Notification LED Bad Points- 1. 5 inch screen is highly reflective and gets washed out a bit in sunlight unless you really raise the brightness level. 2. Low-light shots taken from it's 8 MP camera had far less detail though noise was well under control. 3. Heat from the rear panel iss noticeable after long gaming sessions, though not alarming. The handset also does heat up a bit during prolonged data usage and calls. Conclusion - The Zenfone 5 is the first device to truly offer competition to the Moto G.
I bought this phone after comparing it with all the available options in this price. I was looking for mobile with big screen size for browsing and reading and occasional gaming. MotoG was other option but I opted for Zenfone because of better specs. I used this phone for 2 days and returned it back on third day. The phone performed good, there were no lags. Screen size was also good and the software Zen UI was also good but what really hurt was BATTERY life. While using the phone I could see battery discharge 1% every few minutes (2- 3 minutes). I was forced to close all location syncs, gmail syncs and keep phone on low brightness. Basically I was having no fun :) The standby performance of battery is good, but somehow when I used it for browsing and playing (temple run, asphalt ) the battery was draining really fast. For me battery life is a big concern, also if evrything is kept to minimum then it is not true Andriod experience, hence I returned it back to Amazon. And I realized at this price there is only one good Andriod phone which I had ignored initially :)
Excellent service by Amazon and TechFone. Phone got delivered in just 2 days from Mumbai. Delighted with Amazon services. Got the phone in 11800(Lowest prices in the whole market by TechFone)...Firstly I was worried about the product quality because phone price was 1200 less than Flipkart and asus exclusive stores. But the product quality, packaging and other services were just awesome. Delighted with Amazon and techfone services. Now coming to phone review. Its an awesome phone. You cant get such specifications, quality and brand in this price range. I use 2 sims(Voda and reliance), 3G thru reliance, Usage is normal like calling (2 hours), FB, whatsapp, emails, little bit of you tube, Music (1 hour), No gaming. battery lasted almost a day. Speaker volume is good enough. (Why would you need a louder ringtone in office or classroom). Battery lasts for a day (No complaints because price is very low, even 30K or 40K phones last for max day only) Smooth interface, No lags (thanks to 2gb ram and intel processor) Back cover feels like cheap plastic though (becasue i was using an all metal phone so dnt like plastic)
Battery back up is the only major area of concern. Otherwise the phone is amazing for its cost.
It's a great phone battery back up seems little low, it's not a big thing to reject this phone
Horribly battery life. Require change once or twice a day. It even discharges when on standby.
Front camera is better Than the rear one.. smooth touch.. i wish the speaker was a bit louder
The phone is good, properly work.but in a play games & internet suffering phone will be hot.
I have LG G Pro. I started using this b/c I needed dual sim. I must admit that I felt this is better than LG G Pro. 1) UI is better than G Pro 2) Screen resolution is decent though not comparable to G Pro 3) Battery is OK. If I don't use games, occasional WIFI and 3g usage, full battery charge is coming close to 2 days 4) Camera is also decent 5) There was sound problem. Both while talking and specially while using loudspeaker. There is AudioWizard inbuilt app-> change setting to ON. I have seen a world of difference. 6) Phone looks lot sexier than G pro. G pro weighs too heavy when compared(I know G pro is 5.5 inch) 7) Asus gets updates lot better LG 8) Install Go launcher on Asus I felt it is a premium gadget. Lesson - devices are getting upgrade faster and we are buying and changing them frequently better buy sub Rs 10k devices. though you will miss few features like IR buster.
The phone is nice. having very good features but there is one problem that battery backup.
Amazing phone go for it. Use WiFi to frequent ASUS updates. Trustworthy Brand
amazon service is really wonderful ...amazing ...and asus zenfone 5 is awesome mobile ...
Its an amazing phone..somany features and such a cheap price ...asus zenfone 5 is rocking
Its awesome phone...

Great Phone, Everything is fine except battery backup.... You can go with this Phone....
screen broken its not gorilla glass glass quality not good not happy and battery problem
Its a excellent phone..also i m receiving various firmware updates which is a good thing
I bought this phone for my son, as his 13th bday gift.... He's absolutely in love with it, very satisfied with the quality and performance of the phone! Great product + awesome price = happy customer
This phone is must buy under 10K.. Has Exellect audio quality.. my sony earphones produce an exellent bass output when plugedin.. Display is top notch quality with gorilla glass 3... it fell from my hands while i was ridding my bike... but then too the screen and phone stayed intact.. Camera is also the best under sub 10k segment.. has very good focus capabilities to take macro shots..! But HDR mode performs wierdly on this phone..its meant to give u natural looking photos but over here u get completely unnatural looking photos on HDR mode.. Am a gaming freak so I play a lot of heavy games on this phone.. as 2Gb ram couple with 16gb internal storage acts like a boon for me.. Final words.. Havent seen better than this under 10k.. Good goin ASUS... its only competitor is the Moto G 2nd gen... but costs much higher...
Everything is perfect.But battery capacity is low.It makes me to give four.Otherwise 5
I am happy with it.
Nice....good job...
This phone available in another site for very less price. Good phone but bad pricing.
Although it is a very good phone in this price range.but the battery is not so good.
Is best suitable to my requirements, & covers all features exactly I want & I need.
Exceptional phone at unbelievable price, there is no 2nd thought, super performance.
What a mobile! superb mobile. like google nexas 5 !!  !   !
Very good fone. I like this phone. Good performans. Superb. Good servise by amazon.
My phone is very heat on charging time.. Please help for solution on priority.
Best fon ever in market . But battery backup must be strong enough . Try zenfone 2
I have not received headphone.....grow up ...please specify the in box contents...
Except battery and heating issues, you ll get whatever you want in top end device.
Worth its price !!
Phone works really good value for money, one issue with Android upgrade to latest
i am facing many issues in this model with in 3weeks of time, now suddenly phone switched off, not rebooting, tried the reset as well, now i have to carry to service centre
at this price Rs.9422, very good product, but asus company not provide earphone.
In the box headphone not available.camera quality low.overall phone good in 10k.
A good phone at its price tag,only thing is tat the battery needs to be improved
Only drawback is screen quality is bad..display got broken after fall from table
Excellent phone. The best at its cost. No need of second thought must buy phone
Everything is OK except the packaging and delivery. otherwise mobile is awesome
Best smartphone in 12k range . You can't expect more from a phone in this range
Can get it 4m flipkart below 10k ...y such a hih price??? Plz drop da prize....
Let me explain more The company is of singapure...... I had buied this product from flipkart @9999 Ausome product with 8gb internal rom where 3.9 gb is reserved for system.2 gb ram and 64 gb expandable memory.there is 8 mega pixel primary camera and 2 mp front with flash.batery is 2110 mAh ...the is a very small or neghlable problem in batery that it heat up.it is haing ips.and 3g with wlan with intel core processor with dual core of hyper technology means it act as a quard core when many app is runing.it is 4.3 jelly bean butcan be upgradable to kit kat.it is having glove touch which helps you to touch while you are wearing gloves.it is having reading mode. At last i will say that u can buy it without any problem
Not at all meeting my expectation, Seems to be very hard usage, no feel at all
Totally Satisfied with amazon as well as with the product at this price range.
Good budget phone .Nice Zen UI interface launcher along with.camera also good.
Bad Battery backup, phone is Laging and over heating, 50% battery drane in 2hr
Its very nice.. i need one more phone to the same price..!! is this possible ?
Very good product
679573 pincode not available latest mobiles and this model so iam not satisfy
I really like the phone, its just awesome. but the packing was unsatisfactory
Nice products, Amazing features, best in class mobile. Awesome products.
OK first of all its a nice phone , but battery backup is poor  I have to charge my phone 2 times in a day.... Though I am a heavy user and a hardcore gamer but this phone never give any kind of lag. Gaming is awesome but the heating problem is also a big issue while I play heavy games like modern combat 4 or asphalt 8 ..... But in every day use this phone doesn't heats up which is great.... Call quality is awesome , I never found a single lag... The best thing in this phone is its camera which is better than nexus 5's. Screen is also good even colours are better than other phones in its level.... Viewing angles are awesome.... And the intel atom
As expected. Very good performance by a brand like Asus. No problems at all.
guys dont buy this phone 5 hrs bettery backup picture quality poor
Good phone with 16 gb memory ,nice camera, good looking ,speedy browser ....
I like the speed, features, design and worthy price. I like this phone.
It's a nice phone wid reasonable price n good features happy to have it. :)
This is an awesome smartphone. Totally delighted with it. So glad i brought.
good phone. worth buying, lots of features, please dont hesitate to buy it
No Hands free is supplied with mobile and it is also not informed anywhere.
Nice phone with good speed.Cost wise it is a good set. I like it very much.
Got this Asus smartphone today but didn't get headphone.give me the reason
Excellent phone with awesome features & live ASUS support.Value for money!
good performance
battery backup is poor around 8 hour. except that the phone is very good.
Far better than Samsung models (upto Rs. 20K range). Speed is very good.
The product has been delivered on time .It's a great phone in that budget
Phone has started hanging. Can't move apps to sd card which are moveable.
phone overall good but battery problem and speaker volume is so quite...
wow, amazing product in a cheap price in india by Asus company,Fabulous.
Fabulous phone....must buy...just loved it....recommended to everyone...
I like the Phone as it is cheap, durable and useful. Thank you Amazon!!!
Ordered this phone.. Received it the next day on paying just 90 rs.. Extra... Regarding the product, This has to be one of the most elegant and worth the money phone.. In the market 2gb ram, 16gb internal memory.. Is wonderful Played asphalt 8, worked without a glitch No lags.. Battery is superb.. It takes a little while for a new Android user to get used to the zen ui Buttery smooth scrolling Everything is super responsive... Great clarity of the screen in sunlight.. Camera is pretty much decent. Overall amazing phone.. Maybe Amazon could send the package in a bubble wrap.. In the future
Battery back up is Damn bad, discharging rate is faster and charging time too high. Bad phone in prospect of battery backup rest is fine.
its is good phone but package does not have headphone good quality
Plzz can anyone tell me That it support 64gb expandable memory....
Nice phone..... 2Gb ram makes it really fast with intell atom processor
Except for the battery backup rest i cn say it is the best in its class
I received the phone with not working condition and again i contacted the local service center and they change some parts . Now its working .
This is my review after using phone for one week. This phone has a great build quality . I dropped this phone on the first day with glass facing towards the road and not even single scratch on the glass only a small scratch at the corner. About the performance it is good and you dont find any lag in the interface. games run good. Main thing is about the battery performance. battery will run down fast when compared to other phones of the same battery capacity like galaxy grand due to the ui issues and can be improved through system updates But after a recent update battery performance has improved drastically.
Over all good and friendly user but the quality of speaker is very bad
It is awesome product. Great gaming experience, camera quality is good
Battery should be improved. overall a good product in less price.
excellent phone
Value for money
Very very bad not give us to all accessories of mobile except charger
good phone, bougt 2 months ago, working fine. problem faced till yet.
All features are gud but except the display quality. Broken easily...
Great product for this price. Inside the box there was no headphones
Getting heated very faster.... n 1080p videos structs in between....
It looks good,battery backup is Moderate. Overall Very good device..
Delivary is very fast. Product description is very proper. Thank you
Very nice mobile. Working properly. Delivery from amazon is perfect.
very good phone with ample space only camera could have been better
Just awesome'
Phone is awesome only battery back Up problem while playing Games.
Excellent phone worth the money you spend;only prob battery backup
I received the phone on 5th of August and have been using it for last 15 days. It's just cool! The design, the weight, the speed, the surfing experiences, the gaming experience all great! Better life is ok, not bad. Music in earphone are very good but is not much loud on speakers. Camera is the thing can be considered as con of the phone. You can't compare them with HTC or SONY. Overall it's a smart choice of you buy this phone. And it's giving you more than enough features in just Rs. 10000. Delivery is too slow from Amazon. 1 out of 5 stars for delivery.
Not meet my specification. As not able to read GUJARATI language.
Hey There is no earphones in box. It is come with zenfone 5 16gb?
Nice budget phone with big screen, good processor, and dual sim..
Best Android Smartphone of its category, Totally value for money.
Delivery of is too long time compared to others. Not acceptable.
It just has a low battery life. Otherwise the phone is best..!!
Nice and good looking device. Performance of phone is very good.
It's an amazing phone for the price. Pearl white has a rich look
Absolutely worth the price.. Superb camera and fast performance
this is a awesome mobile. but its battery back-up is little bad
its awesome ... i really love asus zenfone 5.. thank you asus..
Awesome Phone
Well i bought this phone a month ago, so sharing my experiences.. they are as : 1. Look and feel - Its slim and light in weight, still for my protection i got a cover for it so that even of if it slips from my hand it doesnt do much damage. 2. OS : Earlier they had installed Jelly bean but best part of Asus is their constant updates on system.. I mean back @ the background just they try to make this phone much better and better. Also i got my upgrade to kitkat within 2 weeks, So no problem with that. 3. 8GB internal memory they say it but our entire OS only consumes it more than 45%, so the remaining is what is usable to us. 4. Camera Quality is good 5. Battery is the one big concern for this device, bcoz though hving 2100mA it still doesnt last for half a day. So u need to keep it charging again and again. 6. Now here's the worst part, the phone has serious heating issues. The temperature of the device rises to almost 50C while playing games. So if u r trying to buy this one, and if u tend to play more games i guess it would be a damn bad idea. 7. Cost - I had bought it from flipkart here they were selling @ a higher range. Conclusion - I would recomend this cell still for all those who keeps their budget first as priority then the features of the phone, coz here in India we all expect from the cell to be more durable, good looking, fast and decent camera quality. Also opting for expensive cell these days i would say is simply a show-off, as u know after 2-3 years most smart phones they get slow, performance is hampered, Camera lenses gets scratches and so many things happen that people eventually after spending so many bucks everything goes in vain, but such is a lifespan of a smartphone, So as a smart buyer i would suggest always try to go for the cells that hv almost 70-80% of expensive phones features and regardless of the brand, check for the reviews for that brand from the customers, compare it and always opt for an avg cost smartphone.
Phone is average in quality but Amazon service is ultimate...
Very good mobile and sliem mobile but mobile is heat .........
Need to improve battery power and sound also, others are great
It is heating while playing video songs and flash light is ON
Good phone, best processor, but battery discharges easily....
I have been using asus zenfone 5 16GB for 3 weeks. Didn't face any problem yet. Touch is very responsive. In addition to this extra sensitivity is added for glove touches. Great UI and no hanging problem because of 2GB ram with superfast ram speed and intel's dual core processor with hyper threading technology. You can have several apps open in background without any problem with processing. Sound and brightness are a bit low for outdoor uses. Battery attached to it isn't much capable and cannot last a day for hardcore users.
Great phone at this price. Good experience, fast delivery...
Economical and very light mobile... Performance is also good
Very good phone. Got delivered in less than estimated time.
Best phone in this category. 2GB ram giving desired speed.
battery condition is not supporting the full enetertainment
great phone in budget.. But difficult to get accessories :D
Quite a rocking piece of hardware at an unbelievable price.
Awsm phone..
AFTER 3-4 MOUNTHS HE HAVE THE PROBLEM OF CONNECTED THE PD.
Only little battery problem. All is superb,excellent.
Amazing and cool phone....... Just go for it.....guys
very good phone, nice look, I am satisfied with this model
Battery not up to mark, camera super,phone look Super
A Good Smartphone!! Lacking Battery but features are Gr8!!
Phone is heating up fast.....near speakers it's Damon hot
Only Battery life should be enhance. Other things are ok.
Good phone for the price , battery could have been better
Awesome mobile with all features. ... at reasonable price
Value for money it is. Battery could have been better...
it is really the best phone under this price segment....
Awesome product and quick delivery for a very good price
amazing Phone... i think is the best phone in this range
nicely featured phone ...battery not up to expectations
Cool performance have a earpiece bug solved after update
Better than expected, at this price. Gold looks awesome
I m not satisfied with camera remain excellent mobile.
Plus+ Great value for money! Love the look, the size, the slimness. The camera is great! Minus- True to many reviews I read before purchasing, sound volumes are low. So I can never hear my phone ringing higher decibel area. Also, interface for saving contacts is ancient! Doesn't allow you to save multiple nos. for a single contact. I find this a big big disadvantage. But otherwise, for the price, I'm glad I went in for it!
Excellent product. the UI is butter smooth, and the camera quality is super... no lag in phone even when playing heavy graphics games.. the phone heats up when high end graphic games are played (but that issue is there even with Iphone's) battery is a issue which drains fast. but gradually improves coz background apps which are not used will get stopped automatically. hence improving the phone and battery perforamance. overall its a very good phone.
Good mobile
Its battery is not good at all. Don't buy ASUS Mobile.
Thanks for quick delivery. Working Fine. Awesome one..
its a good mobile with best screen but moderate backup
When i started using the phone it seemed a good buy at 10k range, but its when i discovered the video & picture quality, i regreted buying this phone. The camera is 8 mp but clarity of pictures is bad, in the auto mode the colors of pictures get dark.Taking a video from this phone feels like hell. The image stops, there is a lag in the sound and the video movement. I wish to break my phone with a hammer. Wonder why i bought this phone.
No happy with performance. Speaker quality very poor.
Phone is good but overheating and loe battery back up
Except battery everything is fine. UI is just Awesome
It's amazing mobile phone. I love it. Easy to handle
Very very nice product but screen size is not 5 inch
Nice ph good performance only battery problems
great experience but be aware of the battery back up
Worth of Money ... Amazing features and design.
My friends are using same handset and are satisfied. But I really don't know why that piece was not met my expectations. It took 6 hours to get fully charged and by 2-3 hours it shows battery low. There may be factory defect in that particular handset. Or else I would have given it 5 star rating because handset was awesome,touch and functions were too good. Only the complain was regarding charging and battery issue.
Very great,headset sound quality super,like a Apple
awesome phone ! works amazing. camera is too good!!
Very amazing phone... I love that mobile so much...
Have been using the phone for a month now, below is my opinion on the item Good: In-built apps, call clarity, phone design, Speed and Performance. With optimised settings, gives good battery life. After fully charged, with 3G active all the time, the battery lasted for 17hrs and on Wifi, the battery lasted for 33 hrs. Look and feel. Not so good: Camera picture quality.
Decent phone with slim looks and shape. Great performance. The phone did not hang so far while playing games. It has great screen display. I am not too happy with the camera or may be i am not able to get the right settings as it has too many options to choose from. The phone is has a upgraded available from 4.3 to 4.4.2.. 16Gb phone has almost taken 6Gb for various software and OS. Great smooth touch.
Excellent service n very good phone in 10000 range
I didn't get charger and earphone and screen guard
i ok, rate is same in showroom price in our place.
Battery drains very fast.. Other features are good
The phone is really nice... I recently purchased it and found it very good... processor nice, pic quality good... overall good value for money... :) Only problem what I am facing is battery life... looking at mAh of the battery, I was under impression it will last atleast a working day... but on 3G, it is giving only 6.5 Hrs service life... which is very big disappointment for me !!! :'(
Good phone
Nice phone
A good one
Best phone
Nice phone
Nice phone
just using
OK not bad
came before the delivery date. Very good handset.
Sound is very low, battery timing low 3hours only
I m not giving this mobi... but it's a nice one.
Awesome phone worth to buy in this price range.
A very Good Phone at a very Attractive Price...
Kindly tell us ..,it is 16gb or 8gb phone Thanks n do u hv 8gb phone .on flipkart there are two variants
this was a gift to my sister and she loved it.
Product is working good and no problem at all.
Excellent phone, cool UI but low battery life.
Best handset but battery backup is not so good
One of the best phones in the budget category.
I LIKE MOBILE VERY GOOD FEATURE AND PERFAMANCE
Good product with prompt delivery from Amazon.
This a good phone. if ur not looking for a brand name like moto g, This model is the most fastest thing i ever seen .i have been using the iPhone from a very long time. so it was a tough decision for me move from ios to android. i though of getting a flagship phone of other bland,but hesitated to make hugh investment. Meanwhile i thought why not try something which is cheap and yet powerful. So . i bought this phone . it is a clear winner in mid- segment phones. don't think too much just buy this device. i m sure u will not be disappointed.
Fantastic
Excellent
Thumbs up
Fantastic
ITS GREAT
Great service amazon and great product at 10k
had a great experience using this cell.... ;)
ITS A FANTASTIC DEAL I LIKE IT AMAZON SERVICE
its amazing phone...features was very good...
Phone is good but UI is really cheap of type.
Nice phone ,battery backup is good depending upon the use,no serious issue of hanging,smooth touch,fast processing ,all over it is a good phone by asus,one thing about to notice is that it doesnot have option of video calling,to use this feature you have to install additional video calling softwares based on internet like viber,wechat etc..
What can we aspect more than this its awsome
Why it is not working some apps gmail etc...
good phone with great features n low price..
Original product, best deal..amazon rocks :)
Excellent product and delivery by Amazon !!!
Personally this product is awesome. It has a great processor, a 2GB RAM, 16GB internal memory (SD Expandable), HD display, 4.(something) screen etc. Why i did take one star off is (sadly) because of Amazon. The product shipped to me was damaged (faulty display) and the return process is more cumbersome than I imagined. I would recommend this product to everyone, but do confirm its specs before ordering it in Amazon(a LOT of details are not given, some of them very important).
everything excellent ... except loudspeaker
good hand set, good performance, satisfied.
Nice Budget phone with awesome features....
I am very much satisfied with this product.
for this budget its fantastic fone...lol..!
Its awesome and best under its price range.
Works good.....excellent performance......
Nice phone with good feature & conditions.
Good phone but lacks in Battery Backup....
This is good phone but battery is not good
all over good experience Asus is also good
Good one
the mobile is fantastic and i enjoyed it
Not got headphones . but the best ..
Ear phone nhi aya he or pn hit ho raha he
Need more Battery time otherwise else OK.
No doubt, best phone in this price range.
Good phone. Only con is the battery life.
Xcellent fone with total value for money
Fone is good but battery backup very bad
Very good phone. battery is average
Heating problem other wise good mobile.
The best in the forever evolving market.
Good phone except for the battery life.
At the time delivery .........excellent
Best phone... Better than Samsung
Thanks.. but headphone was not there..
I purchase Asus mobile is good working
Its a vry nyc phone at a less rate :-)
Good......cannot be used for rough use
Asus zen5 good but music sound is poor
This is a great value for money stuff.
A very nice phone for the price. Smooth interface and great build quality. Was very impressed that they have provided a speed charger with the device along with a pair of good earphones. The phone came with KitKat installed so it saved me some trouble. All in all positive
Awesome
This mobile good results in My mobile
I did not get headset with the mobile
No headphones only charger and phone
NO HEADPHONE POOR BATTERY BACKUP
Good phone but heating problem occurs
Great Phone with in the price range..
Nice... and very strong... handset...
Great phone everyone should buy one.
Good phone but slightly big and girly
Good value for money speedy delivery
Amazing Features in this price......
Good phone but getting heat quickly.
value for money..... good handset...
Only Battery life should be enhance.
its a great phone fitting my budget.
Awesome phone at reasonable price!!!
Its a good phone in this price range
i like this nice phone, its Amazing.
Fast, no hang issues. Battery is ok.
Excellent product. Prompt delivery.
Don't buy it, my personal experince
GOOD PRODUCT AND VERY NICE SERVICE.
Yup...very good pgone...thnx amazon
its performance is rocking..zen ui is amazing i hv been using tis sinc last month ....no prob of lag...but battery stands only 8-10 hrs.......thts it ...if u hv no prob of tis battery life...thn go for it....big bang...real value of money
This phone has awesome ui customized by Asus. Camera has good options of various modes. But the gallery crashes too often. Not too smooth considering 2 GB of RAM it has. Very unprofessional packing from the seller with minimal of padding.
Gifted it to dad. He is loving it.
There is no ear phone. disgusting
VFM Item, Great service by Amazon
Excellent Phone, value for money!
Best phone on its range.. Amazing
better
I had used it for a month and it is really really awesome phone that i have ever seen. good camera, OTG support, 5gb for user available space that is nice, there are so many features in it.. LOVING ASUS.. (^_^)
camera is not as per expectation
Great phone for very fair price.
value for money no issues so far
Its smartest phone in this price
We Didn't received ASUS Headset.
Good phone at a decent price....
awesome experience with new look
Great phone value for money.....
Very good product in budget.....
Nice phone in this price range..
A wonderful thing in small pack.
voice is not clear and after one week the sim was not detected. We given the company service and they told that there is mother board problem. It is so delicate for outer body. internet speed is good
Awesome Phone with every update
Wonderful mobile in thes price.
Good product at resonable rates
good phone ..... worth of money
Great look and awesome features
Good voice quality and clearity
Value for money. Great product.
awsome phn...i reffering to buy
Poor battery back up. Heat up on charging. Charging takes long hours to reach 100%. Software crash notifications often. After having so much competition in market, how can a manufacturer lack in R&D.
Great Mobil I'm really like it
one line....Don't go for this.
Looks Gud... Processing fast..
dont think just go and grab it
best product that i have got .
Battery is the only mejor problem...otherwise good phone at this price. As I said battery last for 5/6 hour max after full charge so think it will b more problematic after some time use
Good phone and fast internet.
This is real value for money!
best phone no problem at alll
very good in reasonable price
Headphon nat avalebale in box
Workers battery ever seen...,
great working, nicely operate
Its a nice phone. Go for it
Excellent excellent excellent
Good phone....i liked it...!!
The phone is awesome but camera quality is too bad given the price and expectations mentioned in the catalogue. Also speaker quality needs to be improved. Best part is its great touch.
I am in love with this device. Want to know why? Let's find out- Good points- 1. The handset feels solid and sturdy. The phone's ergonomic design and good looks are its best features. 2. 5-inch IPS HD (720x1280-pixel) screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for protection. The screen's 294ppi pixel density makes text sharp and clear and the viewing angles are good. 3. Runs Android 4.3 Jelly Bean and Asus has promised that the handset will receive Android 4.4 KitKat update. 4. It features an excellent camera for the price, 8 MP rear and 2 MP front. 5. ZenFone 5 is easily the best sub-Rs. 10,000 Android phone I have used. There was no lag, and multiple apps including heavy games such as Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger 2 were handled with ease, thanks to it's dual-core 1.6GHz Intel Atom Z2560 processor and 2 Gb of RAM. 6. Notification LED Bad Points- 1. 5 inch screen is highly reflective and gets washed out a bit in sunlight unless you really raise the brightness level. 2. Low-light shots taken from it's 8 MP camera had far less detail though noise was well under control. 3. Heat from the rear panel iss noticeable after long gaming sessions, though not alarming. The handset also does heat up a bit during prolonged data usage and calls. Conclusion - The Zenfone 5 is the first device to truly offer competition to the Moto G.
I am in love with this device. Want to know why? Let's find out- Good points- 1. The handset feels solid and sturdy. The phone's ergonomic design and good looks are its best features. 2. 5-inch IPS HD (720x1280-pixel) screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for protection. The screen's 294ppi pixel density makes text sharp and clear and the viewing angles are good. 3. Runs Android 4.3 Jelly Bean and Asus has promised that the handset will receive Android 4.4 KitKat update. 4. It features an excellent camera for the price, 8 MP rear and 2 MP front. 5. ZenFone 5 is easily the best sub-Rs. 10,000 Android phone I have used. There was no lag, and multiple apps including heavy games such as Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger 2 were handled with ease, thanks to it's dual-core 1.6GHz Intel Atom Z2560 processor and 2 Gb of RAM. 6. Notification LED Bad Points- 1. 5 inch screen is highly reflective and gets washed out a bit in sunlight unless you really raise the brightness level. 2. Low-light shots taken from it's 8 MP camera had far less detail though noise was well under control. 3. Heat from the rear panel iss noticeable after long gaming sessions, though not alarming. The handset also does heat up a bit during prolonged data usage and calls. Conclusion - The Zenfone 5 is the first device to truly offer competition to the Moto G.
I am in love with this device. Want to know why? Let's find out- Good points- 1. The handset feels solid and sturdy. The phone's ergonomic design and good looks are its best features. 2. 5-inch IPS HD (720x1280-pixel) screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for protection. The screen's 294ppi pixel density makes text sharp and clear and the viewing angles are good. 3. Runs Android 4.3 Jelly Bean and Asus has promised that the handset will receive Android 4.4 KitKat update. 4. It features an excellent camera for the price, 8 MP rear and 2 MP front. 5. ZenFone 5 is easily the best sub-Rs. 10,000 Android phone I have used. There was no lag, and multiple apps including heavy games such as Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger 2 were handled with ease, thanks to it's dual-core 1.6GHz Intel Atom Z2560 processor and 2 Gb of RAM. 6. Notification LED Bad Points- 1. 5 inch screen is highly reflective and gets washed out a bit in sunlight unless you really raise the brightness level. 2. Low-light shots taken from it's 8 MP camera had far less detail though noise was well under control. 3. Heat from the rear panel iss noticeable after long gaming sessions, though not alarming. The handset also does heat up a bit during prolonged data usage and calls. Conclusion - The Zenfone 5 is the first device to truly offer competition to the Moto G.
before few days ago i was little bit confuse whether i go for it finallly i post some questions about to this product within a day i get my questions answer and finally i purchase it lets come to the review from my point of view about to this product i purchase this product at a cost of 9450 at amazon. i am giving you a review after updating it in to kitkat 4.4.2 1) display is awesome you will never find this type of display in the range of 12000 - 15000 2) battery backup: on one day i kept it on charging at 11o'clock battery get full and i went for a bed to sleep and next day i wake up around 6:am and i found battery was 97% but whole night it was on sleep mode and power saving but in case of browsing, listning music you battery will drop 1% @ 4 min or 5min but if you are listning music and you keep it on sleep mode the battery will drop 1% @ 6 to 7min at last i want to say the display sucks a lot of battery you can not do browsing more than 4 hour 3) sound quality again more than my expectations i have never seen such type of sound quality in mobiles like xolo Q1010i, moto G, Xolo Q1200 4) performance again awesome as you no it has 2 Gb ram and no lag i use 25 apps on back ground but it doesnot hang 5) camera Quality bad in comparision with xolo Q101i , but i didnot find any use of owl mode can it replace your flash no, can you click pics at night without flash no then whats the fun of owl mode this is just a gimmick to attract customer and make them fool 6) from my point of view battery and camera matters a lot in mobile. i think you can go for another mobile instead of this
I am using this phone for past three weeks now. This phone is working far above my expectations. The processing speed, touch, sound quality, built quality, User Inter-phase, Operating system, everything is up to the mark. The overall comparison for this price makes it complete value for money. This is the best smart phone one can get in this price range. The Asus deserves appreciation for such a fantastic product. I was using a lenovo android before this, this phone performs much beyond capacity of my old phone, except the battery performance. The one star less is only for poor battery performance. The battery lasts only 24-16 hours without playing any games for normal usage of phone, email, whats app, etc. The battery performed even poor after the Kitkat update. The battery drains very fast if you are using Wi-fi. (The company has tried to compensate battery issue by providing a fast charger, however, this facility is of no use if you are traveling., Above all, the battery can not be removed from phone, so u cant even keep a spare battery.) I would give full five star rating if the performs better for battery usage or increase the battery capacity.
I am really happy to have it
Very nice in a great budget.
asus is goood cellphone... t
great product at great price
Best smartphone at the price,but battery backup is not good enough
Coolest phone I ever bought!
Good Seller. Amazing mobile.
Nice & very nice smarty mobo
Good Service and Grt Product
it full filed my expectation
-Screen display good -Battery recharge twice time in a day -Speaker volume is very low so problem litioning ringtone -Amazon service is excellent -overall this mobile nice but need more improvements
Battery backup is very poor
Very nice. Prompt delivery.
Battery backup is very bad.
Too good .excellent service
Best phone of the year 2014
This is very nice phone....
Awesome............. Phone.
Good phone, got it on time.
I have bought this mobile a month ago. Amazon as promised gave the mobile in good package. Let me get to the pros and cons of this mobile. pros Slim feel and great screen resolution even in daylight. The camera gives nice sharp images and the software for camera gives lots of great options. Especially Low Light and Night options are great to use. The 2 GB RAM is good and applications runs smoothly. HD games are playable. The mobiles gives 16GB of internal space out of it under 2GB is used for OS. The ASUS UI is great to use. Every time it gives a great pleasure to work with. Navigation to apps is easier. Apps can be made folder and saved it in Home screen itself. Cons : Battery backup is not great. Drains very fast and need to power up for atleast 8 hours once and even charging takes time, which is highly irritating. All together its okay phone for its price.
Just the thing I needed :)
Worth phone for the penny.
Awesome awesome awesome...
I want to cancel the order
2 gb ram only for name....
Battery backup little weak
Good and promised delivery
its a nice phone.i love it
excellent value for money.
Best phone with best price
Its a wonderful product light weight classy and performer. I wish its sound was a bit higher volume. the quality of phone calls is excellent. My dear friend While buying Cell pls also note the weight of Phone / Size of screen and Pixel density. No reviewer focus on on weight of cell its 145 gm only sleekest design.. Its touch screen is damn sensitive. It has many new features for pics quality modification. I will always convince that its better to buy ASUS phone than Samsung models.. which is known to suffer Frequent hangs n higher price At this price below i compared it ASUS GENFone 5 on Net-- It compares so well with Samsung phone of Priv=ce higher than 25000Rs DOnt go for high price Cell phjone n Popular Names Go for ASUS its better to buy a Powerbank something like 4000-6000 MAH ( buy light weight PB which u can easily carry
I have used many mobile phones but first time I love this device. Good points- 1. The mobile phone feels solid and beautiful in hand. The phone's design is with best features. 2. 5-inch screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for protection. The screen's 294ppi pixel density makes text sharp and clear and the viewing angles are good. 3. Runs Android 4.4 Kitkat after update. 4. ZenFone 5 is easily the best approx 9 K with 2 GB RAM and fasr inter processor.. 5. Notification LED 6.Zen UI is adorable.it adds beauty to this phone. Cons 1. Camera is just ok for price. 2 Screen Unlocks automatically after kitkat update. I am still waiting for any fix for this. 3.Battery drains fast due to heavy apps loads. needs to kill background apps RUNNING time and again to keep battery Conclusion - The Zenfone 5 is the first device to truly offer competition to the Moto G on all aspects.It wins.
Good phone for this price
Good phone at cheap price
Best Mobile phone of Year
It is simply very slow!!!
Solid phone h bosses!!!!!
A big thumbs down to Amazon customer support , as i accidentally gave the wrong pin code, i contacted the customer support right after i made the order and they agreed to provide the correct pin code to the courier people, but even after that they delivered to the wrong pin code so i had to travel 2 hours to go collect my package. These courier people were also unsupportive, although i believe its not their fault. Anyways i got the package withing 2 days, that's appreciated. Apart from that i love the zenfone 5 its super fast , runs most of the high end games smooth, battery life is decent(nothing to say too good or too bad), doesnt heat up as much as i anticipated, and the phone looks sexy * only drawback i found was the speaker volume on this phone is on the lower side, which is not much of a big issue as far as i'm concerned
Sometime set is heating.
Very average. Not liked.
Battery life is an issue
nice phone at this price
Very bad microphone due to which caller cant hear you clearly. No alert of calls if you are playing games. Very poor battery backup
Hoog
good
nice
Good
good
When i got this Phone i was completely surprised by its performance and it was very amazing device. Next day Morning the touch screen never worked and it was not dropped never any misuses that day. I would say that this device is really amazing within the given price. It was my bad luck that i got faulty piece. the only difference about this product buying from Amazon is, you get a headphone with this device, but i got another one from Flipkart and that package didn't had a headphone included. Phone Purcahsed on Amazon: This phone was included with the headphone. It did not had an updated software. Phone Purchased on Flipkart: This phone didn't came with a headphone and the only best thing was it came with the latest update.
It is a vry good item..
Awesome awesome awesome
When I was searching for a Smartphone below 15K budget, I come across Asus Zenfone5 & Moto G. I don't know why I impressed with ASUS feature, when all my friends preferred MOTO G. I have done google for more than 1 week and finally decide this. Pros & Cons on ASUS Zenfone 5 compare with Moto G. Pros: 16GB Internal memory + 64GB expandable memory, 2GB RAM, 8Megapaixel + 2Megapixel, ZenUI(when i bored up with usual Samsung Android UI, it looks pretty different(not much)), Inbuit apps, Slim & Sleeky, Cons: Big screen good for images & Videos, but not much handy. Good for big screen users. Comes with Android JellyBean(not the latest KitKat, waiting for update). Eventhough Kit Kat gonna be a old version in future.
This is an amazing phone. I bought this phone for 12,600 and what a great decision it has been. Pros: -Looks amazing. -Games run flawlessly. -Zen UI is amazing. -Touch screen is super smooth Cons: -Battery drains up a bit too soon especially when on Wi-fi but it is not much of a problem for me. -Loudspeaker volume is low. I read a review where someone said that if you insert a manually cut SIM card into this phone, it will lead to various complications. Nothing of this sort happened in my case. So, I guess, unless you are getting it cut from a professional, it won't create any issues. So, in conclusion, you can definitely go ahead and buy this phone. Cheers :)
supper no battry pakep
bad battery and camera
Superb phone @ 10000/-
Very Nice smart phone.
Very good phone......
Bettery backup to low
It's amazing phone...
It is a nice phone!!!
Bought this for my dad and undoubtedly its the best phone in this price range given the features that its packed with.
Asus is brilliant, have gr8 technologies as i think. Phone is go gr8 thank you Asus for this lovely phone.
Nice looks. Good smooth touch and responce. 2 GB Ram. Zen UI is good too, offers easy access to apps and various settings. Fast internet surfing at 3G and quick downloads. I am not a gadget freak, use phone for mails and surfing net. i am happy to have bought this phone. Waiting for the Kitkat upgrade. I have heard that it is being rolled out, so waiting my turn. My only grudge is, as with most phones, that it could have been made a little shorter in length. Reducing 10mm in length would have been great. Build quality is good. Screen slightly shiny under sunlight, but OK. Has a good and comfortable grip. Camera is OK, at Rs.14000/-, do not expect much.
Awesome performence.
Bogus..equal to zero
Good ,amazon is best
Best phone under 10k
It's a worth product
Good feature phone.
excellent phone....
Excellent phone :-)
Too good product...
Nice something new
Not up to the mark
Good Phone in Asus
best phone ever...
Product is so good
ITS AWESAME MOBILE
worth for money...
good in this range
Good to see again
Very good product
Overall...AWESOME
Nice Budget Phone
Good Mobile Phone
Very good product
Very Good Product
Very good product
Pros - Love the unique media features in built in this phone. There is so much you can do with the photos. There is 25GB storage free on Asus cloud Good camera and options Cons - Battery life is worse than my my moto g. A fully charged phone will lasts about 5 hours if your not using high density apps like maps Faced some issue with incoming calls. looks like a bug where you dont see the incoming call button but you can hear the ring Overall it is great for the price point.
great product at this price!!!!
Good Phone . Prompt Delivery with minimum hassles. Very good price
I m loving it
very good phone not hanging beautiful looking
The best phone one can get from a reliable company with these specifications and this much price. I love it really.
Good, Go for it.
very nice mobile
Very nice phone!
Its good product
Good Smart phone
*** FANTASTIC MOBILE *** *** TOUCH SENSITIVE AMAZING *** *** PROCESSING SPEED SUPERB 3G *** *** NOT HANGING *** *** GREAT LOOK *** *** BUT DELIVERY BOY WASTE *** *** NOT DELIVERY TO ANOTHER BOOKING *** *** I AM BOOKING SCREEN GUARD BUT DELIVERY BOY RETURN TO COMPANY *** **** SO DELIVERY BOY IMPROVE AMAZON *** *** YOUR PRODUCT SUPER BUT DELIVERY IMPROVE OK *** *** I AM GIVE FIVE STAR ONLY YOUR PRODUCT *** NOT DELIVERY OPTION OK ***
very good phone
excellent piece
Fantastic Phone
Very good phone
Awesome phone .
Very good phone
EXCELLENT PHONE
Really good one
Very good phone
Awesome Phone..
VERY GOOD PHONE
worth the price
It's fantastic.
Worthable price
Excellent phone
I ordered this phone on 8 of august and i get it on 12 august.on talking about phone it is simply awesome,first of all when i opened the pack its look like htc mobile.the higher end games like asphalt 8,fifa14 and all games running without lag.the speed of wifi also very nice.it has micro sim.Its awesome than all micromaxx phones and its even better than htc desire 816.If you are want to buy phone around 15k its the better phone than any one.
Awesome phone.
It's Very nice
Very good nice
Nice mobile...
so far so good
It's a great phone, camera quality , I loved it..I have galaxy grand 2 which is also 8 mega rear camera comparatively Asus camera is far better it's worth in this budget. The defects are battery and internet speed is very slow. I use 3g net , samsung gives up to 3 mbps but Asus is max 350 kbps, little bit upset with internet, other wise it's good phone. It took 4 days to get from seller from the date of booking.
Excellent performance and perfect phone with best specifications in this budget. However, the body is fragile and you need to buy a flipcase/cover for its protection. I had to return the phone within 10 days as it was not detecting my second SIM card due to some technical snag in SIM Slot 1.
After a horrid experience with Sony Xperia Z1, I decided to not spend big money on Mobile phones. It may cost 1/3rd or 1/5th of other Android flagship phones, but this phone is a beauty. Haven't encountered any problem. Only one issue, the battery tends to drain fast. Most of the time I keep it tethered so that I don't have a phone running out of juice when I REALLY need a phone. :) Highly recommend.
amazing phone
Very nice mob
Awesome Phone
Amazing phone
Good phone ..
Best mobile..
Amazing phone in this price range. Very smooth touch.
Nice product
what a phone
Love it...:)
good product
superb phone
good product
Awsome Phone
Good Product
Good product
superb phone
Best phone.
I like this
Nice mobile
Good mobile
It's good..
Great phone
superb fone
It was good
Satisfied.
Nice phone
Nice phone
tooo goood
Good Phone
Its awsome
Nice phone
nice phone
Good phone
Nice phone
Good phone
I Love it.
Good phone
Nice phone
good phone
Amazing ..
Phone is having very low battery life not lasting for 24 hrs also. feature wise is good but battery life should be more. if you are buying smartphone go for higher battery life and known brands having service center near you. amazon delivered one day later then expected.
Phone is a 16 gb, 2gb ram 5", screen a tall wonder, decent camera Low battery. Complain of missing earphones and spare ear buds. Amazon was cheaper than the rest but is the discount at the cost of accessories? I m worried about my next order
Very good
Nice hone
Ghgghu:tt
Nice sexy
Good deal
Excellent
VERY NICE
excellent
Very Good
Very good
Nice spec
Best fone
Excellent
Very good
Everything is fine with phone except the backcover which didn't fit properly from its first (manufacturing defect) gap near the volume buttons to the phone and phone appears to like used one which has data from its past usage.
Nice big
Good one
Good one
Good one
superbbb
exellant
worth it
very bad
Asus zenfone 5 has great features and more stylish compared to other phones in that segment. I bought this phone and used it for one week. Suddeenly the earlevel speaker got repaired. It didn't work at all. Then I called amazon and mentioned about this problem. It's really amazing service from amazon. I got the money back within 36 hours. It's really amazing. Withing this period, amazon has arranged courier people to come to home and collect the faulty phone from me and deposited the refund. Asus zenfone 5 is really fantastic phone which moto g (2nd gen) do not have. Actually moto g (2nd gen) is nowhere comparable with asus zenfone 5. Such as stylish phone it is. However the piece that I got was faulty. So I can't suggest the readers of this review, whether to select asus zenphone 5. It's up to you to decide.
phone look premium than its class and asus has been consistent in providing updates only problem experienced is the poor battery life. the seller and amazon has done good job in delivering the product within 2days.
The phones camera ok.. sound not good.. battery back on 2g is max 10 - 12hrs.. gets too much heated up while using applications and games. Not dissatisfied as of now but have a feeling i'll be after some more days
I bought this product just a month ago and now my speaker has gone out of order,battery quality is also very bad when i acess net...but stil the camera capture majestic images and video quality is excellent.
Very bad phone. I had given my phone to service for second time. No battery backup, network issue, over heating. i got electric shock too. Now there is no parts in service center also. Never buy zenfones.
no delivery available for this as well as many other good sets in lucknow (226016) veru disapointing.... i was waiting for this from months and not when this is stock , it is not available ...for me
I purchase zenfone on 5th, delivered on 7th march,suddenly touch not working and OS booting problem,I don't believe on OS,please refund money as earliest.....Harish,Vijayawada,AP,pH no 08886300084
too gud
not bad
Awesome
dsfgfdg
Average
Not.bad
Awesome
Asus Zenfone 5 is good but only problem is with wifi, signal continuously dropping out even though signal strength is full. Asus needs to release official patch to resolve wifi issue.
Been using it for 4 days and i must say... the battery is pathetic....should have bought moto g2 instead.. lags when i play candy crush and subway surfers..useless 2 gigs of ram...
Great smart phone worthy for money almost got many feature under 10k bucks. Its really awesome.only Disappointed with no lights for touch keys. Otherwise top of the list.
Bought this phone @ 12060 from Amazon. Awesome phone and features. Must buy this phone @ even Rs. 13000 as it's giving the features of even more than of Rs. 20000
Hmm..k
superb
Everything is good except battery life... Battery backup of this one is worst.... was unable to use it for half a day also... dont buy it...
Its a good phone with 2 GB ram and 16 GB internal memory in the range of 10000 . Only problem with this phone is its speakers output is a bit slow
GUYZ ITS 16GB!!! don't worry its a exceptional phone at decent price i ordered it on 25th of July and got the order on 28th, The box was sealed.
It is one of the budget smartphones with good camera and stylish look and includes the best specifications of a current generation smartphone
WiFi not working.
I bought ths phn n within a 2nd week..it started troubling... It gets automatically switch on switch off and that so continuously..
Great
goood
Gud..
Super
So i been impatiently waiting to buy this phone... i went to flipkart first but this phone got out of stock just in couple of minutes as asus released this phone there! Flipkart doesnt have asus zenfone 5 in white colour in 10,000 rupees! I ordered this on Amazon at 28th july lets see when i get this phone in my hand and will write review as i get my hands on this...
worth for money, very big competitor of samsung Grand 2 touch is very good and camera is more clear then Grand 2
Asus Zenfone 5 (Charcoal Black, 16GB) is a amazing phone, smooth touch screen, light weight, sexy look I loved it.
Good Phone with very good Specs.. No Lags while playing games. No Heating while using 3G. Good to buy.
This phone meets my expectation by every means, the camera, the UI, the softwares by ASUS and the hardware.
Build Quality and Performance is good.. Battery backup is the only drawback.. Does not last even a day..
Just I bought this zenfone 5 on july 20th 2014. Now itself earpiece is not working. Very worst quality.
Dont even think to buy this device bcoz this device is so much heated during charging nd data usage
Mast
good
Nice
Best
good
Cool
Five
good
Best
GOOD
Good
nice
good
Best
Nice
GOOD
Good
Nice
Good
nice
Wonderful phone compare to other smartphone  2 gb ram stunning performance No lag
You will not be getting headphones for sure.. Please note this point before purchase...
Sometimes mobile restart while talking & operational connection come after 4 to 5 minute.
battery backup not good compare to my previous mobile and sometimes hanging problem
Its Dose't Supports Gujarati Fonts and inputs so i cant prefer this phone
Bad camera Bad battery Bad phone Turned out a bad gift :(
Awesome phone Only cons are battery backup is low and call clarity
Bad
mobile camara so good.and dispala super.but battary bakup varry bad
BAttery life very low 5 hrs only work standby mode 10 hr workolinf
its Heating too much when i put it on charging... too bad Asus....
Hi All, Could you please confirm whether this Asus Zenphone 5 comes with Corilla Display... Since i didn't seen anywhere in the product specification. But some people update zenphone 5 comes with Corilla Displayin in their review.... Also please update me which color is being good in this zenphone 5. Please update....
Battery backup is very poor..it last for around 6-7hrs nly
Hands-free was missing from the new asus zenfone 5 box.
I am using.... no problem... everything is good... :)
Everything excellent only problem with video calling
There was no earphones and screen guard in the box
battery life is poor ,otherwise its verry good.
Good budget phone with all required features
please see on flipkart this is only @ 9999 if amazon give me this on 9999 i want to buy immediatly
Only problem is heating while heavy gaming
Ok
Overall good phone. Battery is weak
finally we will keep calm, thanks.
It's awesome with all the features
Box does not contain headphones.
Awesome experience wid Asus..:-)
Timely delivery and good product
Awesome product with good price
Awesome phone at great price.
Simply Superb for this price
POOR BATTERY PERFORMANCE
Good One in 10000 Range.
battery problem,sound problem,heat problem
I have purchase Asus Zenphone5 on 02.12.14. After 10 days mobile front side of bottom has been opened and I have gone to the asus authorized agents to repair but they denied to repair without charges. The safety ot the mobile is very poor. As such my suggestion not to purchase asus zenphone5. A mail has been sent to company and they also denied to repair. I think the quality of mobile is very poor.
OK
Worth for money given
this is good mobile and nice result.
best in that segment
Hi, I got my ordered product (Asus zenfone 5), but i'm totally disappointment because there is no headset provided in the parcel. Attached screen shot for your reference. Would request you to provide the same, thanks. Awaiting for your valauble comments. Regards, Mahalingam
camera is not good
Worst experience
Sound is too low
Best phone ever
Phone is not ok . some software problems in equaliser,daydream off or on. Browser addressbar is not working. Phone is medium. But seller response is pathetic. I send email for phone replacement. And seller said update your phone jeally bean to KitKat
perfect mobile
WASTEE MOBILE
Great Phone.
On first day Of asus zenphone 5. 1 : Most pre build apps throw error:code x1291. 2 : It contains android android jelly been outdated.(Seems like even if they update to 4.4 there will be problems FOR upgrading versino next to 4.4) 3 : Not able to upgrade android 4.4.4. 4 : Speaker phone sound quality is very bad. 5 : you can checkout Youtube videos for more errors
good mobile
So nice pic
Very Good,
good fone
The zenfone 5 8gb is avil in Flipkart at 9999 Amazon is to expansive it also official avil in Flipkart by asus Amazon services is very bad
The Phone is available in flipkart for 9999 rupees. They have sold out their complete stock. Dou you think that people will buy this from amazone by spending some 2500 bks extra? No way..I will delete this review once the price is reduced.
Buy it.
worst
good
Good
hello,I am getting problem of airpiece volume.....
Phone received without ear phones.
Phone recevd without ear phone
this version u provide 16 gb or 8gb i need the answer bcoz of ur website not publish the inbuild memory
I have already buy.thnx
Not Original!!!
I am not feel good when i am using it because memory card installation has damaged frequently...it doesnot show any external disk even i insert micro sd card
Why the hell a website like amazon is hiding such an important detail for internal memory. 100 % people purchase the product after clarification on all the features and amazon is hiding the most important feature of the phone Amazon very bad
Undoubtly it is a great phone but I am confused whether it is 8GB or 16GB phone? Same phone in flipkart is under 10K.
getting heated quickly, battery also discharged quickly.
mrp is 9999 but they are selling for 11759 or 13999.i didn't expect this from such a high class website amazon.my rating is negative actually.
This phone is awesome. go for it
Available on flipcart for rs.9999.
I would like to know whether this mobile has 16gb orb8gb internal memory. Reply asap please . I have cancelled the order i placed as im not very sure of it
