B00L7EA5AI
MARK MY WORDS!! this phone is better than 90% of phones under Rs 10000 INR.,Especially from samaung phones of same rates,in terms of features,Storage,performance, and ofcourse PRICE.Micromax should have advertise this phone by comparing to other phones. Just one problem,front camera is vga but it must be ignored as of its low price and other mindblowing features.
If anybody is looking for a phone in range 5 to 7k, this is just awesome. It has no lags. Lots of ram which gives great gaming experience. It's back panel is muaaaaah! However its camera quality is not too good. Yet I would say this is the best budget phone in this price range. Love it!!!
Good phone. Very nice touch. But battery is not so good. Memory card problem comes unexpectedly about card removed. Also very nice clearty of games and videos. Processing is also very good. Screen guard is awesome with it.
I bought the Micromax Unite A092 (Grey) last month. I have not faced any problem with this smartphone till now. A best buy in this price range. R Sivakumar, Chennai
It is the good phone at this price.. But battery is not that much good. When we use internet, mobile heats up. I got this mobile on last month.
very nice & premium looking phone. working at Lightning speed. amazon packaging & customer care is marvelous.lowest sar value.
Music player is not working, internet is not working, camera is not working, waste of time and money to buy from amazon site
great experience paisa vasoooolllll.... effecient than 15000 rs phone
Very nice phone its a good product never creates scene smooth working
happy with this product only camera is not impressive otherwise okkkk
very nice mobile. and now also i saying amazon packing is superb.
Superb smartphone ever in this range from Micromax. Even it beats the Samsung phones is in range of 10000/-. 1GB RAM is awesome. 5 MP Camera Picture quality is Unbelievable. Fast Processing. Guys I have tried every Android phone is in range of 10000/- in Digital Stores in Delhi but this Phone is Amazing in every features that comes with. GO GO GO.... NEVER MISS THIS DEAL. JUST BUY IT!
Mobile is good and durable for this price tag.
Mobile is good bt camera quality is bad
Its worth buying in this price range.
VERY VERY GOOD AND ORIGINAL
1 GB ram with low price.
superb phone in 5k to 6k
Phone was amazing especially 1gb ram, 2.99 gb memory and the processing speed. Excellent phone for 5245rs Go for it
Worth for Money
It is very good mobile, the only problem is it sometimes heat.
Nice phone...
very good phone...as of now good performance....
One of the best 3G Smart Phone I am using now.
Excellent mobile with the price and feature
Awesome 3g Phone at this price.
good one
For the price it is alright
Awesome Product with features like quad core processor, 1 GB ram, 8 GB Memory.. What people can expect in this range... Really handy and nice product.. I can say MUST HAVE!!!!
NICE PRODUCT...
The camera is not 5MP even though it says it is. The touch is faulty. Very bad sound recorder also.
Ek Dum mast
good in this price range,camera quality is limited.
I FEEL THE BEST & SPEEDY EXPERIENCE
betry bekup and typar are not good
VERY GOOD .I LIKE IT.
Phone is very good
price wise is ok
Bad looking
ITS AMAZING
battery hot
Awesome
