B00LVQ5CF0
Lava Magnum X604 is a quadcore dual sim handset running Android Kitkat. # Highlights and Review # Display and Build Quality - This is phablet sized. The display is a 6inch,720P(245 PPI) one with good viewing angles. The build quality and design are excellent. Even the flip cover included in the box is of good quality. The back panel is matte finished giving it good grip. # Android Kitkat - 4.4.2 # 1GB Ram - Kitkat and 1GB ram works well in letting you to day to day tasks without much issues. # Quadcore Processor - Unlike many other budget devices out there, this is not powered by a Mediatek Mtk6582 chipset, rather its powered by a 1.2Ghz Broadcom chipset. Performance-wise this lags behind Mtk6582 quadcore processor and can be clearly seen when you play games on this device. Many HD games need to be set to lowest graphics in order to work lag free. # 2800 mAh battery - It can easily last one whole day of average use with Wifi/data on. # Sensors - Accelerometer,Proximity Sensor and Light sensor. # Camera - 8MP Rear and 2MP Front. You can get good pics in good lighting contitions from the rear camera,nothing revolutionary,but gets the job done. 1080P video recording is supported. # Misc Info - 5 Point multitouch. OTG is supported,you can plugin your pendrive via an OTG cable. Installation of apps on to the SDCARD is supported. Antutu Benchmark score 14700, while Mt6582 devices scores around 17000, Nenamark - 30fps, while 6582 scores around 55fps. # Verdict I would have very much liked this phone if it had come with better performing quadcore Mt6582 instead of the Broadcom 1.2Ghz quadcore + VideoCore IV GPU. The phone often lags. Apart from the processor, there isn't much to complain about the phone. If you are power gamer, i would recommend other ones, as the processor gpu combination is not that powerful to play HD heavy games. For general use, this is quite an excellent phone to own,and is not over priced.
I have bought this phone from last 10 days ago 11400 Rs from Amazon. Its LCD Screen automatic cracked in my pocket and when I go to Lava service center to repair. They told me the repairing amount is 6900 Rs INR. bullshit. mobile cost is 11400 and LCD repairing is 6900. I am totally disappointed to join this company.
It is quite a good value for Money . I was amazed to speed of delivery within 3 days . Lava should initiate a high pressure campaign for this model as the comparable model of other brand is far more expensive . except the slight lag in tight reaction,it is a pleasure to possess It . I have recommended this model to many of my friend . It has almost replaced my notebook . Thanks to Lava.
Big screen phones seem to be the new thing these days with more and more manufacturers bringing out phones with bigger and bigger screens. While I was always curious about owning a big screen phone, I never actually bought one because they were usually too expensive or had woeful specifications. I think Lava may have planted a bug in my brain as they launched the Lava Magnum X604, a phablet with good specifications and features at a price that won’t punch my bank account. So I finally bit the bullet and entered the world of phablets. Initial impressions: The first thing I noticed when I got the box was how compact it was. And the same feeling continued when I opened it and laid eyes on the phone. I guess, like many other people I bet, I was expecting a phablet to be as big as my nexus 7 but it’s actually very compact. And thin as well. The first thing I did was put it in my pocket and walk about a bit and it wasn’t too bulky and uncomfortable which was a pleasant surprise. The phablet also came with all the goodies you expect along with a flip cover and a screen guard as well. Powering up: The surprises continued when I powered it on. The huge screen HD is brilliant. After the usual start up sequence of putting in your email and everything that you have to do for every android phone. The main menu came up. First thing which I did was swipe about the menu screen and get a feel for the device. I must say that while everything is nice and peppy, there is a micro second of lag when I compare it to my Nexus 7 although it was better than my old android phone. The inbuilt selections of apps were pretty decent and there doesn’t seem to be anything that’s pointless. Next stop was the camera and the display Camera and display: The Magnum boasted an 8 mp camera and I was ready to stretch it to its paces. The camera is very good and the pictures it takes are phenomenal for its price. The phone seems to be very good for normal usage and works pretty decently with macro shots. The low light photography capability is pretty average though it is good enough to post pics and stuff. The display is quite sharp and is really detailed. Checking out the pictures that I clicked as well as some of the pre installed wallpapers was my first taste of it but watching HD videos and movies is something else entirely. The large screen means that you don’t have to squint to see details and gives a nice feel to the phone thing. It’s perfect for people on the go who love movies but don’t have time to watch it at home. Battery and conclusion: The phone comes with a 2800 mAh battery which is much bigger than my old phone and hence works longer as well. The phone easily lasts for an entire day of heavy to moderate use after a charging it through the night. One the whole, I really enjoyed using the Magnum X604 and I would go so far as to say that i changed my perception of phablets in general. I feel that this a great phone for anyone considering a phablet on a large screen device that is feature rich and doesn’t cost much.
Bought Lava Magnum X604 phablet in last August 2014 from Bareilly UP market. Only draw back is very little space i.e. about 1 gb for Apps though the inbuilt space is 8 gb. In most of cases insufficient memories restrict applications downloading.
This phone is good in all but it doesn't have it's back case cover it will be pleasure for me if someone tell me about similar back case suited with this magnum phone
everything in this mobile is good, but battery geetting low soon
verry nice
Very good
Awsome phone, i like phone design , features & value for money product.... thank you to lava.... i love it
