B00LB3IO9E
Internal memory is very low and not able to move apps to SD card. When contacted HTC they tell 516 do not have facility to move apps to SD card. Audio is very low.Will not recommend to any.
I have purchased this phone last month. Phone is good. I didnt liked few things of things - camera is just 5mp and 2mp - phone is bit heavy - call volume is bit low Apart rest is good.I like it
It was unfortunate that I received the damaged handset and gifted the same to my relative on Diwali. Issue is not the money I paid , but I lost my image and prestige in my relatives eyes. Amazon Lost one of its key customer forever, bye bye Amazon................
IF UR PLANNING TO BUY A SMART PHONE YOU CAN GO FOR ANY OTHER MODEL. NOT THIS !! I AM FEELING BAD AFTER BUYING THIS PHONE. HTC DESIRE 516 has only one problem which is a major problem,you can't move apps from phone storage to sd card. How are we going to install mutiple apps,when you have only 1GB of storage. Its not an user friendly phone, camera is ok but sound quality is bad.
Never go for this phone.i have been using it for 3 months.it is a phone of cheap quality except the htc logo on its front and back.camera is 5 mp and is very very poor in quality.even my old nokia with 3 mp camera takes pics with more clarity when i compared both.low volume levels both in speaker and ear phone is the other drawback.u cant even hear a song while travelling in a bus.screen is average,not smooth and is not ease to handle.somehow battery back up is good and performance is also not bad.overall the phone is not up to the level.never expected this from htc.much disappointed with my htc desire 516
I strongly recommend plz don't buy this product, its only waste of money and price is so high of this phone.all features are same as Micromax. and 4gb is not internal its only 2 gb usable,Camera quality is superb bakwaas.HD mode is only for bakwaas ,its totally waste of money.i request to Amazone plz refund my money.its gambling yar .i would like to say the price of this phon will be not more than 8000.
I got it 2 weeks back, but it showing the internal memory only 2GB, other 2GB for os Iguess, we are not able to use that, we can use 2GB only for our installations. except this the phone is very good speed, touch also good. camera clarity also good in day time, flash light images are not much effective.
This phone is so good but i am not happy with its camera flash its creates problem in night mode and my friends says abuse words for this phone and they compare it to micromax and says that micromax is better than htc. I suggest my friends for buy htc 816 or 820 they dont belive my words. Please solve its flash releated problems....
the camera is not much good as sumsung in the night its quality is very poor So I recommend not to but his phone
Touch is very bad. Phone hangs a lot. Not worth of buying it.
Camera is not good as I think ..I prefer HTC due it's camera clarity but this phone doesn't meet my expectations.this phone is not worth of saying HTC BRAND ..
Its a good phone especially according to its price it has much more features than should be available. Only the in call volume is a bit low but it is manageable or else it is superb. The white back cover gives it a better look.
sucks big time. cant use sd card and in built memory is only 4GB which isnt enough. i regret buying this phone. If only i had know how much it sucks
Another over priced phone with inferior specs A phone that costs almost 10k has no HD screen - What a Joke!! Xiaomi Redmi 1S costs 6k & offers HD screen. Lenovo A6000, which costs 7k, not only has HD display but also offers 4G. Rest of the specs are generic so I wont get into the details of those. Asus Zenfone 5 offers 2GB of RAM for 8k. If anyone has extra money to squander please donate to charity than buying this. So I URGE anyone looking for a phone below 10k to consider other BETTER OPTIONS and never ever think to buy this GARBAGE(aka Desire 616).
This phone is a piece of junk. Don't even think of buying it. It is powered by an inferior snapdragon 200 quad core SOC which isn't even close to the new Chinese mediatek CPUs. You'd be better off buying the lenovo A6000 or a xiaomi. Even xolo has some marvellous phones under its hood. The 4 GB memory is rubbish when you are paying almost 10k. Guys please don't go by some of the positive reviews as ppl writing them are absolutely technically challenged.
phone quality is best but there are some things that should be improved 1. weight should be decreased 2. camera quality is poor
the main problem is the back keys are not working and camera clearity is not so good ,,,,night camera is worst,, not hearing sound in bus not upgradeable to v4.4 os mobile weight is more.... no battery backup
Except camera, other features are good. Camera is too sensitive to its position (how you hold it) while taking the shot...depending on its tilt the objects in the photos look shorter or longer than the original size. Similarly, even a slight movement of the object while taking the shot blurs the photo. I had earlier used the Samsung Galxy fit before this HTC phone and never had any such problems with its camera.
Every accessories works properly good interface processor works good. You can try it.
I am not satisfied with this product given by Amazon. The phone does not work properly. Amazon has cheated on me. The touch at the bottom icons are not good. The phone hangs there. I think Amazon has given me a defective piece. Very disappointed. I will not buy anything from this website now.
Sir I purchase HTC Dizer 516 Rs.9708/- but it is not work proper back tuck bottom. I discusse your customer care Mr. Majestic. My account details below. Sanjeet shrivastava State Bank of India A/c 30027919022 IfC SBIN0001851 RAJKOT
Do not recommend buying this... Why... 1. Camera quality is not good, even with 5mp 2. Very low internal memory 3. Touch response on device home button is horrendous 4. Audio output through Bluetooth is extremely low in par with normal Bluetooth output
Hi, Its a very good mobile as a reputed brand. Speed is good, an adequate internal memory to store your Apps. Display resolution is very good. Decent rear camera. Major Con : Audio quality is not like older HTC models. I dont know why HTC reduced the quality of audio. Hanging up when you install several Apps. I recommend this mobile though its bit costlier (Brand is Brand) :-)
No sound from speaker
Internal memory is less. Else it's a good mobile within this price.
Phone is just as expected...!!! I loved it. U know smthing ....one of it's own kind..it's amazing... But..... That phone flip cover is not of good quality. It doesn't fit it perfectly...quite upsetting...
lot of glitches, screen keeps flickering, videos don't play.
Shipping method is too good. Its almost equal to US shipping and we can track the package regularly. Pefect site for ordering a mobile and package was too good. The quality of product is gud and im happy.gud mobile
Screen brightness is very low..u can't see contents in direct sun light even in full brightness. Ear piece volume is low. Front camera is not so good...otherwise performance is good
Very less sound, can't hear any conversation without speaker phone, and even speaker phone sound is also very less. Display is not so good and HTC ui is also not good
Feels Good Choice loaded with requirements
Touch problem & camera not good quality.
the battery back up is really very poor.
TouchWiz not as effective as it was expected. It had couple of other default configuration issues. The Outdoor/Loud audio profile didn't worked as expected.
A very bad phone...very heavy.. Lags a lot more then expected..very bad camera..very bad touch response. ..overall a very bad o Phone....
SYSTEM (MACHINE) HANGS TOO FREQUENTLY.
there are few problems in this model. i bought and put tempered but its back, details button are very hard. camera is not that great. touch is so so...
Delivered in time. Phone works fine.
I like to purchace cloths /shocks/shorts/round neck tee shirt also house hold goods- on line by cash delivary system, please inform accordingly
In this price below 10k this phone is good there is some small problem but i think there is such problem in every phone.else very good to use.
The phone is really good.Satisfied
Phone is not like htc Fitures Back button is slow work Front camera is good It's not awesome but ok ok
HTC Desire 516 is good phone but battery backup is poor ,heavy in weight,look wise good but I don't recommend this phone to purchase.
If fullfilled. My expectations. It has all most all the features as required and wanted by me.. I love the camera quality as well
Its awesm to use such a branded mob at less price preety cooll buddy , pls dont buy this as it then will becom common to every one
At this price its not worth it. You will get much better option at this price Don't buy this if you are hardcore htc fan
Really Good phone I faced few problems in call quality .volume is lesser than normal..overall good phone battery life is also great n camera feel like awesome..
product is excellent,,, but some problem lies with the hardware the button used for back operation doesnt work properly...
Good Phone, Battery problem, Get empty after 2 hrs of game/Net, Back touch not work properly Overally Good Product.
Very good mobile. Very user friendly. Good sound and soft touch. I strongly recommend this mobile.
Worst camera quality. Too bulky,highly priced,outdated os,low internal memory and much more. Dnt buy u will regret
This is one of the best in smartphone,also amazon is quick delivery to before estimated delivery time , i like it
Within 2 months i got sm problm in its handfree jack..at present its in htc care centre for about 1 month
Mobile is working so cute.. only drawback is the Flash light is some what Dull compared to others.
Camera quality is poor
Please read carefully. It's long but worth it.  I'm a tech savvy student and was a huge fan of HTC until a few months ago. My first android was a HTC Wildfire. It turned from a good to a terrible phone in 6 months. I still loved HTC. I went ahead and bought it's flagship phone, the One X+. It had the best specs that time, 64 GB internal memory, beats audio, 1.7 Ghz quad core Nvidia processor (fastest that time). I was impressed by the phone. Lag free, didn't hang, everything was perfect Until one day when HTC made a public statement that the One X+ won't get any updates(the M7 was shortly launched before the announcement). So here I was, stuck on Android 4.2.1 when even budget phones had Kitkat. I still have the phone today and regret it. HTC and Nvidia played the blame game against each other and the end consumer suffered.  NEVER EVER go for HTC. All HTC phones suffer from Poor battery life (after a few months) , lack of software updates. I spend a huge sum buying this phone and this is what I get. Software support for even less than a year. Stuck on old software.  HTC is a careless company, never ever keeps its old phones updated, even flagships.  It's an honest opinion folks, never go for HTC ever. Even the budget Lumia series is better than  all HTC phones. 
I have bought this phone exactly a month back through amazon.in and what ever i mentioned here below are my user experience with this phone. Major drawbacks 1. Very low internal memory, certainly not enough for the typical mobile users like myself. Remember you need to move your apps to SD card , as you face the insufficient memory / memory low issue with in 2 / 3 weeks. As well as with photos, videos etc. 2. Touch sense and Bottom bottoms (Back, recent Apps) - Touch is not the way HTC used to be, it feels like normal quality. some times the bottom buttons wont work. To make it work you need to press the lock button and unlock the phone again. 3. Primary Camera - one word pathetic ! 4. Call quality - ok but at some times its not so clear and very low voice reception. Loudspeaker produces bad quality sounds with noise. Cautious Advice: Do not keep your phone on your ear when the phone is plugged in charging. The call speaker above the HTC logo gives electric shock. As much possible use only ear phone, even when the phone is not plugged in charging. Minor issues (For you it may seems to be a major issue) 5. Android in this phone seems to be customized and not very intuitive. I find this interface not so cool like it was in my 2 years old HTC Desire V. 6. Battery backup - like most of the smartphones you need to charge frequently in a day. Things which works fine for me 7. WiFi reception seems to be good, saves my day ! 8. The look of the phone and panel is nice From my user experience, i can advise any one not to prefer this phone. As there are many vendors who sells better phones with much lesser price than this. If you prefer the one word "HTC" over the cons of this phone, then you will regret ! BTW i bought this phone in amazon lightning deals for 10600 INR now the regular price itself the same. It simply means i am fooled ! And the amazon delivery is spot on and phone is well packed too. Thanks to the seller BTW !
It's not working as per expectation..back button not working properly..disappointed..:(
I like the phone, screen quality is great but little bit disappointing by its camera.
good to use htc desire 516 because not any problem at the time. so it's fine for me.
Awesome product love the hd pictures best phone!!!Happy with amazon services.
The display is not so great... Except d display m camera everything was good
cheap n fully loaded... but fragile screen flickers once dropped...!!!
Its good nd easy to use i brought it for my father nd he z happy to use it
Amazon and Delivery: For the price offered it is a best buy. Amazon has the least price all over the online shopping market. Shipment was delivered as promised. Product: Good mobile with decent features. HTC is competing with the local players offering quality product with max. features. The price being offered is too low for a product like this. Cons: A bit bulky and heavy. Screen resolution is on a lower side. Battery backup is decent. But, again for the price being offered everything is accepted because comparatively no mobile is offering such features with a low price and the brand HTC (At this time, dont know about the future).
I have problem in my phone sensor.so pls send me service center address
amazon.in sevice is very good but htc 516 mobile is vvvvvvv bad phone.
Mobile is good but its delivered late respect to mention time......
The handset it hang, most of the times the lock key is not working.
Its very good phone ..... very good features like play newsstand, hangouts, messengers, and mainly it supports android 4.3 jelly bean....which is wonderful..... phone hang problems are doesn't taken place due to 1GB extended ram quick in operation ............ worth for its price.. i love it....thanks amazon
Product is good & working proper. but it's made in China & genuin.
Not worth of spending 12000 rs. Looks like Korean version of htc.
Camera quality is very bad...sometimes I feel that it's not HTC ,
The Design and the display is good, except for the camera quality
Wasnt satisfied with the product faulty product was delivered..
Nice mobile with suitable for everyone and good performance.
Nice phone.good battery back up. Camera quality is excellent
There have no option to store in external memory directly.
Although . The battery is for just a day but phone is good
its super phone. camera clarity is good. but sound is low.
I LIKE THIS PHONE BUT THERE IS SOME PROBLEMS OCCU IN THIS
Micro SIM information was not mentioned clearly anywhere.
Front/secoundary camera was not working, what can I do?
Not so good
Bad battery back up .hang in games heat never purchase
Extremly satisfied with the product and service,,,,,,
Push button  not responding and app view not good never purchase this
Over all the phone is good and have good features.
very good price in this pric segment with HTC tag.
Nice phone
Battery power is. Low. Require charging everyday.
Not good by camera or sound plz dnt buy this ....
i am not liking this phone it is west of money
Ver good smart phone and is reasonably priced.
It's good
Camera clarity is the main issue. very bad.
Delivery was late but product is quite good
damn gud
love htc... good phone.. value for money
and 5/5 excellent is the new Lg Nexus 5
Touch is good. No hangout problem
A best cell fn by htc in lowest price I like it ,delivery is too late, I purchased 516 dual SIM dark grey it looks styles nd friendly 2 use. Internet connection is also better downloading speed is also fast I love 2 use it ,experience after four days...
Very nice mobile at this price range
i used this product it really good.
Excellent product... HTC rocks
Hello guys in this range of price the mobile is so good in look wise and very fast processing. After using it for one month i can suggest you people that everything in the mobile is best only i am having problem with the battery,its daring so fast without using much.i am not listening to music and not playing games too only using whats-app and Facebook not all the time also.Rest everything is good.
very nice and good battery support
Its keypad is not working properly
Awesome Phone it is!! Loving it :)
For me its perfect which I wanted
Good mobile but flash is not good
Excellent service & good quality.
Worst thing a person can buy....
good product in very cheap price
touch not working properly.....e
Superb phone in amazing price...
Touch is averger.battery is gud
Nice pH & good look slick style
NYC phone I liked it very much
nice phone but till bit wait
I am returning this item. Bought this only to find that the speaker volume is extremely slow. The voice is hardly audible. Also, the back key did not work properly in my handset.
satisfactory performance...
Plz dnt buy this phone....I am getting different problems..I was fully irritated...mainly keys are getting problem so I installed another app to lock the screen...
It is not working properly
Awesome & excellent mobile
it is perfect in its range
it is good smartphone.. and amazon delivered it bin very short time.. it covered all function. BUT in this phone the snap shot service in not available
Good product at 13rupees
lot of hardware problems
Worst mobile I ever used
This product is not upto the mark of HTC tag . Phone hangs most of the time and the response is very bad . It better not to buy this phone
Call Sensor Not Working
Baittry backup not good
Nice but very weighty
Front cam not workin
it is extraordinary
phone weighs 2 much
Very nice to using.
Great deal on Amazon. .... bought at only 12775/- whereas its retail price was about 13700/-. Saved 1K. Delivery is also a point of appreciation...... Thanks AMAZON.IN. . HTC DESIRE 516 is awesome phone. ... if your budget is within 13K and thinking about 5" screen, dual camera with flash, dual sim, qualcom snapdragon quad core processor, branded mobile..... then go for it....
good. budget phone
Very bad cellphone
Night shots are absolutely dull.....pliz don't buy this phone if u don't want to regret later.
Very Poor Battery. Not able to download pic & video from hike & whats Battery only 4 hrs
Like it it's good
mobile is ok but chargeing time mobile whare hite
Good Keep it up.
very nice mobile
good phone smart
Nice cell phone
good smartphone
value for money
Nice product !
Good and Smart
The item was delivered as advertised and it is working well.
Nice one. :)
It's to good.
Price to high
Good products
Good product
easy to use.
not so good
not so good
Increase my stadus this phone thanks for amason
HTC Brand is always excellant. worth the money
Amazing Phone at an Amazing Price. Must Buy.
I lyk it..
Nice phone
nice phone
Good phone
Good phone
it is okay
love it ....becoz its first tym(personal)
Saw this phone at 19,999 at snapdeal but got it on amazon at jut 9,999! AMAZON is the best! And this is a perfect combination of great price + great product. Gifted this phone to my mother as her 50th birthday gift. She loved it so definitely all my money is worth it!
Worthless
Good fone
very good
I LIKE IT
It's good
Very good
Not good
Good ...
Not good
it sucks
The One Day Delivery from Amazon was very good. The htc 516 is a good phone under budjet but the pearl white colour is not exact white. I am not happy with this. But i am happy with its functions...
not bad
Nyc phn
Awesome
Good Product
Very bad phone by HTC. Internal memory very low. Screen not bright. No auto focus in camera and results in blurred pics. Low volume. Will never recommend this phone. Not even for free
Best smart phone in its price bracket. Dual Sim works seamlessly well. Comfortable for one hand use, no lag even when we play high res games like asphalt 8. The only problem I find is the ear piece volume is low comparatively and it sometimes gets difficult for you to understand what the person on the other side is talking about. No problem in taking call indoors. Camera is ok not great, front camera is decent. Again for the price you pay, there are some hits and some misses. So if you need dual Sim capabilities, good screen size, a international brand phone and can manage the shortcomings of camera and ear piece volume then this is a easy pic.
Speaker volume is very low. The biggest drawback is you can not move apps to sd card.the back button response is very slow. Inbuilt memorry is 4gb but space available is only 1.5gb
keys dont work properly
Superb
Super
So so
Great
I like it very much, but the flip cover supplied with it is of no use, there is no matching of white and black.
Good
Good
good
good
best
nice
nice
Good
nice
Good
good
very good phone in this price no hanging problem camera is good and front also good in room
Good.. One
Battery backup is not up to the mark.. Overall phones performance is average...
snapshot is hold power button and volume down button for 2sec then u can take
Very poor battery....needs charging 2-3 times a day for below normal usage
There is a prob. On back button when mobile oprate with screen gurad .
Ok.
Gud
Second hand product was delivered. I am really cheated
Does this have otg support and Bluetooth connectivity
Awesome phone for 10K. Plus being htc its brilliant.
Suppa like to this model... wait for the price to drop... it is worth to money... the needs of a common man r comeletely fulfilled... 1gb ram works good... front cam is a little worry in room bt... good... must buy... u vl love it... :))
i purchese only single piss mobile & COVER
Just a massive cell with in mid range...
Sorry this oder is it was by mistake
Back button not working properly.
Goood phone with nice features
Internal Memory is Very Low & Camera Should 8MP is batter
It's total waste of money
good service.. like it...
this product is good
Very good product
NOt Bad ....
nice phone
Good phone
Excellent
I am facing lot of problem with this phone, like network issue, net connectivity, unable to download pics in social networking sites , tried with resetting d phone still same problem.
Good!
Good
good
Good
Gud
the display was spoilt.....shocker !!
