B00LSPHFCC
Average phone...low inbuilt memory...android kitkat gallery do not support sd card files.....consider better devices moto g,mi3
It is available in just 7800 in open market and also battery is too weak to sustain for even 10 hrs,hanged while you use it.bought it 20 days back from Samsung store noida.
Good news for core 2 buyers samsung reduced its price and now it available on estore at 8000 now its good for this price
device was restart every 15 minutes from the date of delivery realy hate amazon for this type of material supply!!!
very very good serviese very fast deliverd thank you somuch
there are many good phones available in the market for just a thousand or two more than the price of this phone. samsung tries to conquer every segment in the market therefore it launches a new product without even analyzing the demands of the users. pros- 1. android 4.4.2 with touchwiz out of the box 2. expandable memory upto 64gb 3. dual sim cons- 1. low resolution screen(480 x 800 pixels) 2. low inbuilt memory(4gb) 3. average battery(2000 mAH) 4. average camera 5. low resolution video recording in camera, i.e. 640x480 (VGA) even after being launched in mid may of 2014 the phone is hardly able to beat last years launches in the same price range like moto g. come on samsung we expected more from you. Not a good buy
Its not good for battery point of view but amazon service is best they had returned this
please dont go for this phone *display problems *network problems *slow performance
Battery backup is not good.
This is my bridge of a phone after I lost my Note 2 and I am waiting to buy on contract Note 4. Note did not meet the expectation 2 years ago but I am excited to get Note 4, Finally I will be able to use Note writing and all features in Note 4.
Its a very niece and cute phone and best in budget too....i got this for 6800 and with 1250 amazon gift card...amazon is always awesome,i got this delivery in just 2 days.The phone is well built with all the needful features.
This phone was functional but very poor quality through the first few weeks of use. Finally returned it after everyone complained that they couldnt hear what I was saying while using the phone.
No, it's not. I am planning to return the product. Sound quality is very bad. Battery generates lot of heat, just for few min of usage of mobile. Overall I didn't like the model.
5* for amazon's service, 3.5* for product
Yes I found this device exactly how it was described on Amazon website and it is nice set in budget segment, RAM should have been at least 1gh.
best delivery service but core is not so good sometimes its display show contrast on screen and when you making call its screen lock lack of censer
GOOD FOR THIS PRICE. I PURCHASE THIS FOR MY WIFE. At only 7990.00. Only sensor problem. when calling a lock simble come to screen but when u double tap screen its clear. VODAFONE OFFER ONLY GIVEN 2G DATA 1GB FOR 2MONTH NOT 3G DATA PROVIDE .SO, VODAFONE IS LIER. wHEN I CALL TO 3TIMES COSTUMER CARE HE WAS NOT KNOW THIS OFFER. PLEASE CARE TO THIS OFFER.
rate is high compare to out side market.here I have paid 7700/- but outside 7200/- only and I have selected touch screen pouch but I didn't get
The product is the value for the money. It support only micro sim card. Wifi hotspot is available. Very good product from Samsung in 8k range.
Samsung knows how to fool the people . I still wonder how they priced it at 11900 initially. This dumb phone done not have any good features. This Samsung filthy company would like to sell s*** to indian customers and they have lunched this phone. Days are very near where Samsung will become like Nokia. Need not to say, already it had lost it goodwill & brand value . Hang-on we will see this company dying very soon.
very good product and cheaper rate
This is a good mobile in low budget,,, operating systems is very good and looking slim handset,,, I am very happy for this mobile,,, nik**
Not a good product, network, slow performance, and many more issues with samsung core. Not worth to buy this samsung core 2.
Worst packaging ever seen but thank god nothing happened to mobile. ..screen card was damaged...otherwise good product. ...
This is bad product so many time switched off. one time given customer care he updated software, problems is not solved
Very good mobile, very nice flash. The cost reduced considerably by SBI cash back and free recharge of Rs. 750.
good phone @8k
This phone is average...very low battery life...very low memory.....better buy lenovo A6000 Plus..
Do not buy core if you are seeing this review in 2015 core is bore, really very bore!!!!!!?
Looks and Features are good but when i just use Internet and play games it is really worming.
Very nice phone. Only problem with smart phone is the daily requirement of battery charging.
not good, i am not happy because of hang and other problems, totally waste of money
Good product with a competitive price and fast delivery by Amazon. Its a good buy !
Very very nice phone... plz purchases this phone.. primary camera is very good..
Satisfied with the product. amazon delivered it in just 2 Days too good
very good mobile
Its a average Phone. low battery , gallery dosent support sd card .Instead of this buy micromax canvas A1 android one.Its much better that this.
Range me bahut achha phone hai par bahut jaldi heat ho jata hai...
As usual it came very quick...as per my expectation...very happy
is the best mobile for photo internet use, downloading & gaming
Samsung Galaxy core 2 is available at Rs. 7990/- official price of Samsung and amazon is selling it at Rs. 8900/-
Nice budget phone. Working fine. Best cell phone in its range
I love it, but the battery back-up of this cell is not well.
Really shocked to see so many bad reviews. I have been using it since 2 months and had no problem whatsoever. Though priced a bit high compared to local brands, i still find Samsung mobiles as best in terms of longevity and user friendliness. 1.2 ghz quad core processor and 768 MB Ram are very much sufficient to function without hanging. I am not an avid gamer but games like temple run and subway surfers played smoothly. Though internal storage is just 4 GB, but expandable option upto 64 GB is great. Camera is also good enough with 5 megapixel in rear end and 0.3 megapixel in front. Samsung's 5 megapixel capacity is equivalent to 8 megapixel of other local brands. 2000 mah battery makes sure that charge lasts for a day easily. The stylish design gives a great feeling to hold in hands. Overall a great phone and worth the money.
Its a worst phone battery problem hanging and no sensor .
good but many hand it phone did not support onr broswer
MRP PRICE IS REMOVE ON MOBILE BOX. WE NEED TO RETURN IT.
Great product at a fabulous price with quick shipping.
The product was lately delivered so it was. ?.....,..
Basic phone with high resolution camera and screen.. battery life is very low.. the handset geting very hot after few minutes of use..
Best Android phone in the price range of Rs. 8000/-
The system of this mobile phone is easy to handle.
Your way of product delivery is very good,,,,,,,
Value for money can save you even big bucks now.
go for it
Very good
Am happy with your service and product thanks
Very bad.... I got this item after two weaks
Battery life is not good.. rest of all is ok
Nice phone wid leathery types back panel..
very useful, no hesitation to recommends.
Very good sarvice ....thanks amazon.in
An excellent product, value for money.
excellent Phone with great features.
excellent features with low budget.
Its a good phone at a good price.
Good no issues on the product...
Smart phone in reasonable rates
This phone meets my requirement
camera was not working at all
At low cost excellent product
good product in this rate.
It was received and liked
best at this price 7800'.
satisfactory not vry good
amazing nice love amazon
Good
I am fully satisfied
Its just awesum...
As permyrequiment.
nice phone.....
I am disappointed with Amazon for the first time. I have never been disappointed. While the product, packaging, and delivery time was good, they didnot provide me freecharge coupons worth rs 750 as was mentioned in the offer at the time of purchase. Upon mailing them they baselessly denied and said that the offer was not applicable for Samsung galaxy core 2. How is this possible? I saw it with my own eyes. And only after seeing the offer did I order the phone.
total vestej mony
Very Good Mobile
Its simply fine
awsome phone...
battery not ok.
Jakkaaas phone
very satisfied
Fantastic.....
it is awesome
Good not bad
this is nice
Super Mobile
AWESOME!!!!!
Very good~~
Good mobile
nice one :)
it is pretty good phone and is in your budget!
Good phone
excelllent
Ammazinggg
Lovely !!!
Good phone
Excellent
very nice
excellent
Very good
very good
Nise pice
nice phone. Loved it. Camera is best. I recevied the phone before the delivry date. Also get 10% cashback on sbi card and rs. 1000 recharge coupon of freecharge. After the offers price of my phone is approx rs 6190. *Thanks to amazon.in*
Well, I placed an order for this mobile by seeing its features. But, after i got it, i noticed that its rear camera is not working. And the mobile is so slow that it took hell lot of time to open an application. So, returned this mobile.
Worth it
not good
Good one
not bad
Like it
Not meet my expectations Guys go for Moto G ...........u will gate value for money
__||__
bakwas
its ok
great
nice
Nice
good
good
Good
nice
Good
Good
Okkk
Good
Good
good
Good
good
good
Good
Nice
nice
nyc
good samsung mobile in this price range........fully updated with new technology....... smooth working
no
True to its budget, it is really good
Software is not good
its good and smooth
Cheap & best
VERY GOOD
good
No
Superb, ausumn
All in one..
Gr8 phone .
deepthi chowdhary am confused
