B00LM58I7Y
Xolo win q900s is best window phone and it is very light weight phone,slim mobile but its battery backup is very poor but this phone is awesome not hanging issue or etc. thanks amazon to fast delivery service I buy this phone on 10 February 2K15 and I got this phone 14 February 2K15 it's awesome device
5stars for Amazon 5stars for Seller 2stars for the product Pros: Most gorgeous looking phone Brilliant screen as good as apples retina Camera quality outdoors only Cons: Earpiece started cracking from the day I received it Hopeless Battery didn't last for more than half a day (moderate usage) Problematic wifi. Almost useless Camera quality indoors Please save your hard earned money, don't buy, it's not worth it! Buy a Lumia instead!!
Try to stay away from this product.Shipping was rapid. Got the phone the next day, Packaging was great, sleek, came with a extra flip case too. All this excitement of the lightest windows phone and great spec. was short lived with the ear piece spk. not working on 8th day. service center would not replace the phone unless its down with in one week of purchase, irrespective of the fact the phone is received only on second day, they go by invoice date. Replaced spk. jarring even at 5 outof 10 vol. setting. Screen locks up and touch screen would not respond every now and then. Atleast has a removable battery for rescue. Remove the battery and reinsert to restart but loose all the settings, the date and time goes back to May 2014. Updated the OS, the problem is still on. Working with WIFI is tricky, my phone and router have their own mind when to work and when to go on strike. Now planning to change the router hoping that would help. Headphone, Spks and Spk. phone, all low volume. Signal in the lift was solid but while on tour, my old windows samsung phone picked up 2-3 signal bars, Xolo win q900 did not pick even one. on a brighter side had a relatively undisturbed vacation. Over all not the windows phone I would call my favorite. Got it now, so no other go, will use for a year if it lasts. S.Guru
Win Q900S doesnt promise as expected.. There are so many problems with the phone as i have experienced by using it.. I ordered the phone on 13th october and got it by 17th october.. I have experienced some good things and also some equal bad things.. Problems i have faced are, 1.Camera is not even comparable to a 3MP camera.. Rear camera is really very bad in medium or low light and fine only in very good daylight not nighttime even if it has very good light.. Front Camera cant even be compared to a VGA camera tats how it is.. So if u r into a camera phone or a phone wit normal camera option, i wont suggest this phone.. Better forget the camera option if u r buying this phone.. 2.It does have network connection problems.. It shows apps like 'Whatsapp' cant connect repeatedly unless i open it, den only i can receive the messages that were sent back like 2 days ago even the 3G connection is "on" for 24/7.. 3.Another problem tat should be taken care of is the sound quality tat gets drastically reduced when calling others and cant even hear the other persons voice properly n i had to use loudspeaker only to hear the voice.. 4.On the very first day, battery withstanded upto 7 hours even though i didnt use the apps or any other things.. Battery usage after 2 days using apps and others cant even withstand 4 or 5 hours.. Normal usage gives the battery upto 7 or 8 hours at the max.. 5.Phone sometimes lags.. i read so many reviews in here and other websites saying that this phone doesnt lag but i had that rough experience after 4 days.. Sometimes when u simultaneously go through apps, u might get this wilder experience and also when u r playing games like 'Subway Surfer' or 'Temple Run' or any other equal games.. 6.When transferring files via bluetooth, i experienced that not more than 3 files cant be transferred to other devices at a time and the bluetooth connection gets closed after that automatically.. i tried multiple times with different phones but got the same result.. Pros are, 1. Good User Interface 2. Friendly and easy to use device just like Nokia Lumia series 3. Smooth touch Experience 4. Great customization features 5. Very good Windows experience Finally i have to say that apart from windows experience, the phone lacks so many good things..
Xolo Win Q9000 is a light weight Windows Mobile. Good Screen, Brightness, Touch Sensitiveness etc. It is Very Handy too. The only Problem with Xolo is that the updates are not released. Microsoft has relesed 2 versions upgrade in Windows 8.1. Which will support Trucaller and some other Apps. But this will not run in Xolo mobile as we don't get updates. So I will not suggest even my enemy to buy this. Better go for a Microsoft Mobile If you are interested in Windows Phone.
This handset is quite good.I am satisfied by its quality at such a low price.A slim windows phone with goid specifications.
speaker complaint will be rectified by the service center with in 10min .range of wifi low due to slim design
Premium smartphone at a very low price. Looks awesome No hangs So slim
Excellent and awesome mobile.really amazon gives suitable phone
Nice brand it's best from another Windows mobiles
from first day on wards receiver has some disturbance,after 4 days receiver is not working at all, all calls are managing with speaker i need a solution for it
I have used xolo for 7-10days, after that it not working properly. With out speaker i cannot listen the voice of the people to answer the call. That is bad experience and photo quality not good. I request users to do not buy this mobile
Phone worked well for a couple of weeks. Last week, couldnt hear any word from caller. Spoke with Xolo call center and got the service center details at Vijayawada (AP). Left the phone with service center last week, and got a DOA certificate today :( Just a faulty piece? or, are others having similar problems too? Have to return the piece
Very poor data connection through sim card. Also the earpiece not working after 3 days. I cant hear anything while calling.
Its not lava its Xolo Better than Lumia 535 but some apps is not available of that available in Lumia series
very bad phone it is over heating and it not supporting some android games battery backup only half day
ALL ARE OK BUT BATTERY FINISHING IS TOTTALY ROUGH CONDITION,KINDLY SUGGEST WHAT CAN I DO FOR THE ABOVE.
This Phone is AWESOME
Xolo win Q900S is really bad phone related to its Camera, Wifi Connectivity and mostly HD video playing capacity. Being a user of the phone I would like to share my views with those who are thinking of buying this phone. 1. Camera is said to be 8 mp, but the picture quality in very good light is compared to 5 mp. It's very poor in medium light and low light. 2. You can not play HD video, its a draw back of Windows 8.1, as there is no video player available, it will play like -2x (Slow motion movies). 3. Battery is not very good, though its a draw back of almost all smart phone, but still it drains battery by appx. 3% every hour in stand by mode. Otherwise the resolution, video viewing angle (480p) is very good, touch is very good.
amazon service is good But It does not have compass (magnetometer) as shown in xolo site and amazon as well,what’s the need to show fake things, cheap strategy, very disappointed by missing feature of compass. Phone is good as using from 5 days.
excellent....
i love this one by xolo. amazing phone by amazing price
Its quite a good device in the range...
Hi, I Haven't bought the phone. But for the wifi issue i recommend you set your IP manually in wifi settings. Google for how to set ip manually. May be that will help. Windows 8 has issues assigning ip to its devices. I had a simillar problem in my laptop.
Great phone!!!. I got it in 8700k, really worth in this price. It's very light, very handy from usability perspective. Processing speed is very good..doesn't get hang at all. Only two issues I have noticed - the 1st one is that the battery gets discharged bit too quickly if you use it very much like watching videos, playing games etc.
One of the best phone at this prize... go for it.. Pros: 1. Exremely light weight 2. Simply awesome display 3. Very good battery life.. 1.5 days with active 3G and location on Cons: 1. Nokia apps.
good
everything according to expectation, good seller, on time delivery.....overall a very nice product....I recomend
No one should buy such a worst quality phone -- lots of bugs, poor quality sound, erratic Wifi, Not able to call 1800/xxxx/xx numbers. total waste of money. Data Connectivity Very Poor, Cant dial a number starting with 00,
**DO NOT BUY THIS xolo PHONE at any cost**, This phone has only problems, I have brought 2 pieces, both has network problem, low wifi connection, bad data connectivity, worst camera, Pathetic battery backup.. low quality.. Xolo takes 45 days to repair the phone.. Better buy a China Phone. In 3 months, I visited service center 3 times.
useless phone. very slow and windows work horribly on it. Dropped it from my lap and the screen is broken. now given for repair and was told it will cost me another 4000-/-
Ear piece stopped working in 1 week... Seems to be some design flaws... Found the same problem with other users too...
Microphone stopped working after 2 weeks of purchase. WIFI connectivity is also not stable.
nice phone
Good one
It has less functions than android phone
poor network,call drops frequently....
External memory not supported
Excellent Battery backup and a budget windows phone. A must buy for Windows Lovers!!!
Problems. In mobile
very late delivary, nearly 2 weeks, so i star less
f***f ing phone i had ever seen, lost my mony
