B00LPIJSWC
Ringtone volume is low.Battery is poor.Quick drain.Hanging repeatedly.Not meet my expectation.
The product is as described and is working nice. Congratulations Xolo for such a nice phone at that low price, camera is very good at that price, I am happy with the product. Amazon is Amazing as usual :) Quick delivery as promised, a trustworthy service, Thank you.
Very good mobile and very cute attract all people
I really like the phone and its amazing features, it would have been great if its flash was good but then again its low price, beautiful look and fast processorsmakes up for it.
Great stuff.... Bought it for my Mom..... Smooth touch....great looks......Can't comment on the utility as we have put it to a highly active social/gaming life.
Dear Sir, I really liked the mobile a lot, gifted on my birthday. Thank you Amazon. Regards, B. Sathya Abhinav 22/01/2015
Phone matches up the expectations at this point of price It is amazingly good Just a little problem with battery backup sometimes it drains very quickly
heating problem... battery takes 6hrs to charge full... memory space not as mentioned in amazon specifications.... money total waste :-( hate this....
This is really an amazing mobile phone.. Looks hot and capacitive touch and never strucks... Its all features are good at such a cost... Amazing....
Really it's a good phone. Good looking. And also clarity is good. Its seems to be very nice. I'm very much satisfied. Amazon service is very Good.
ram is very less...512mb. so all app freeze when you install greater 50mb application. Clearity with super display..also nice camera
Nice phone but low battery backup,handy,trendy,slim.....own this one if you would want a budget quadcore KitKat phone..,
This is a good phone with a reasonable price, i got earlier than i though. There can be no perfect so i give 4.
Everything was good but it says internal memory as 4gb BT I got only 2gb internal storage...:\
its been 4 months... Facing many many many problems... :( :( :( :( hating it... regreting...
acha phone hai in this price range and best part is u can move your app to external sd card
The radiation from the mobile is very very high and charging is worst
Good phone for first time smart phone users. Have no issues so far.
nice .. with good camera quality, with Microsoft, nice features
Best mobile with full HD recording, don't use unwanted apps
Best mobile ,charging is very slowly but quick battery down
best product at best price at timely delivery thanks
Battery life is very poor. rest other things are fine.
Ear mic is very bad rest the phone is value for money
last 15 days i use XOLO Q500 IPS, Pro: 1. OS 2. Batter back up 3. Processing speed 4. Style 5. Best Price CON: 1. Tech screen response very low (compare to Sony) 2. Sound low 3, Service Center avail only Metro city only. My Succession best Price with good Phone. last week also I Purchase another one for my Friend.
very good product by xolo worth RS. 4400/-
I am not getting the proper memory
I am satisfied from this product.
Very good looking and nice phone
Camera is good but flash is bad.
Nice, good looking, Very smart.
Good phone in cheap price
USeful for price paid
Very good quality
very good product
Good cell phone
I am using this phone for last 6 months.. Very good phone in this range of prize.... Never gets stuck...good touch response. Only problem is with the battery backup.. While playing games and using Internet it dries very fast. All other features including camera are good.Attractive design.. I faced a problem with its headphones.. 3.5mm jack is not supported in this ..and I don't know what to do.. If any one knows solution please help me.
Super mobile.
Quit pretty
Good phone
very good
Excellent
Good one.
Very good
Hey, its the same as xolo a500ips. Just change the processor. Dual core to quad core. Then full are same device.. I'm purchased for my wife. Battery backup is average. Not satisfied.. But a500ips is good. And average camera. Its OK.. Flash is poor..
very good android mobile, working speed very smooth, nice screen resolution, I have taken more 10 mobiles for my family and friends.
super
good
Best phone for me according to my requirement. Meet my expectation... Exactly what I want it...
Nice Android mobile with ths range ..
very good product
high price...
Mic dead within 2 days.
