B00LA1J9B4
I have use nokia lumia 525, nokia x, nokia xl but this is the best product for this range in 7.5k. Camera is excellent , no lag found till now, interface is also user friendly , game are also running smoothly eg- temple run, plant vs zombies,etc and no stretch on screen till now I have not put any screen gurd . The best android phone. Plz don't take chip Samsung or micromax phone don't think and buy it.
Nokia X2 is one of the best phones that Nokia has released so far.First the appearance of the phone is very good.The screen is 4.3inch which is (medium).It has got the design and durability which Nokia phones are famous for . coming to software it has got Android 4.2.2(jelly bean).It has dual sim GSM,WCMA both micro sim.It comes with 4gb internal and expandable upto 32 gb ANd free 7gb cloud storage.Camera 5MP main camera with HD video recording and 0.2 MP front camera. which is good for skype calls.It comes with some cool apps like Skye,Plants vs zombies,Temple run and many more.For music lovers it has a cool app called mix Radio brillant app.It has WiFi,Bluetooth.Going to internal powerful internal system driven by a dual core Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor clocking in a speed of 1.2GHz.with 1gb ram.Battery 1800Mah.over all it is the best phone for the price paid.
awesome phone the best from nokia dont think anything and buy it first thing that it runs with android 4.3 the camera quality is superb after update it supports some google services
For who love in Nokia.. Previous Nokia x series mobiles are not upto that mark.. But this one prove what Nokia can afford for the price we given.. The only con I think is backlight for navigation key, surely an cost cutting.. Anyway the product is surely an value for money.. They improved lot from previous version.. The a mobile is not like basic Android, ui is simply awesome.. For the price we paid cameras is awesome..
It is very good smartphone by nokia..its 5mp camera is very excellent.. its so clolrful smartphone..its music system is owesome.....nd my bro is using this mobile and he so happy :-P..thanks
Good one with reasonable price. Camera quality can be increased. Voice and audio clarity not to the expectation.
phone is good,price is reasonable and shipping was fast.
Very good delivery. I am fully satisfied with nokia x2.
Everything fine except camera. It might be better.
supper phone... no defects till now...
this mobile is very nice and good
Wat a fone from nokia
Everything is good.
excellent mobile
Nic one..

