B00L7EACCO
Nice phone with great feature no lag at all multiple app support at a time. only pro camera is not very clear as aspected 5mp . battery life is enough for one day work but it req charge next day. touch and sound quality very good as of samsung sets.
3.75. I order the phone on 24th October and received on 27th October. I received the package in good condition and amazon supports also good. Positive Side The phone is a good range i.e. 1GB, 8 GB Inter (for App 2.42 & 3 GB for Mass Storage). My purchase amount was Rs. 4797/-. Negatives : The Batter is very low 1500 mah, atleast it has 2500 mah it is the best device than Android One serious and Moto E. I know all android phones have only 12 hrs for calling purpose and heavy handing upto 10 hrs. The phone gets heat. I am play a video at Youtube with 3g, the video is only 8 minutes. After the video finishing the phone heating degree is 46. Normally the phone heating degree is 31-36. Otherwise there is no negatives. It is value for that money. Note : I am not using any android 3g mobiles before this purchase.
Battery not charging since morning its showing 20% battery.... I bought on 6th feb 2015, even within a month amazon not showing option for replacement. I think flipkart provide 30 days replacement guaranty :( very bad experience with amazon, feeling like a cheated here :(
Good Item Dispatched and recived Quickly.Good Phone.
its a very good mobile phone.everything is good,like sound ,battery,etc only camera quality is not great in comp.to other micromax mobile. ill give 4.2*/5*.
nice... i got it in rs 4051 here (500 refund, for s***ty earphone ;) ).. what else do i need..till date there is no other phone which provide 1GB + Quad core in this price with this quality. the screen is also good.. just the MMX pre installed software are a pain in the a.. Camera is also not very good.. but a good phone to gift your mom.. who just need to whatsapp and use internet
Nice Phone..Good Camera qUALITY..
Impressed with delivery time and the phone is as expected. However the screen guard was damaged from the edge.
it's worth of amount but the case is little difficult to open,else it is a good product in this range.
I have purchased this phone to my Dad and now I repent on my decision to choose this product. Its taking 4+ hours to charge the battery. battery performance is very poor. The phone often heats itself during use. Very bad choice.
This was an awesome buy. The phone is amazing in its speed and resolution. Camera met the expectations. The fine design makes the phone fascinating in look. Really a budget phone in this price range .
fine product at this price. I broke battery connector pin while opening the case and battery as it's a bit difficult and now facing problem getting that. so beware of its spare parts.
superb mobile any one in the budjet of 5k can go for it , only the defect is battery which is having only 1500mah capacity , except battery capacity everything is good.
good Item dispatched Quickly.
Nice buy at 4,500 in a offer from amazon good clarity wise in camera and flash compared to other mobiles in this price.
Nice build quality and gr8 features like 1 GB RAM and 8GB internal memory. The 5MP camera is gr8 for taking cool pics.
It good phone in this price
It is a very good product .touch is very good and 1 GB ram +jelly bean and quad core processed wow it is to good.
when i bought this handset it was very low at price.and the 5mp cmera is very good but 0.3 mp is not so good.
Best phone in the market in its price range! I couldnt find any flaw except for the okayish camera...
Got only battery problem other than that it is more than awesome for the price.
Great Prize...Great Delivery time... thank you
Product is nice but the delivery is late
i ordered today n im waiting fa it ..
Great price. Thank U Amazon
Very very nice phone.....
battery backup not good
Good budget phone.....
Its average phone.
value 4 money...
Good
good
