B00MQL7NHO
I have this product from a retail shop at the time this model was just launched at 9k . its features comparing with its prise now a days are just little bit low but quality doesn't have boundary by prise in this kind of cases . Pros - 1. Its camera is awesome in day light. 2. Hanging problem is much lesser then micromax , karbonn, HTC and even Samsung as well 3. Smoothness in working with its unique os gives a great experience . 4. Games and apps runs with a overall good speed . Cons - its battery back with 3g mode is quite low comparing with great devices. 2. Once I have tried running asphalt 8 but it can't run that game but every other game it can run with a great smoothness And one more little problem is the covers are not available in market you have to order that online Overall - a quite good quality device if accepted . all features you needed in this price range is here.
Battery back up is excellent. In this budget this mobile is superb. Touchscreen also very good. Camera quality also very good.
The phone cannot record audio or does it at very low audio. Raised the issue with customer support. I was told that this is a standard feature. Feels funny that you can record as many videos as memory allows but the accompanying audio wont be audible.
It is hanging suddenly , require to reset and restart the mobile except hanging problem no other problem observed.
Outgoing voice not clear for receiver, sometimes problem with memory reader & charge pin problem
it is very nice product in this range.movie clearity is not good.Photo capturing is very good.
1st of all yeah budget may aide aacha mobile nahi mil Sakta hai....I am happy with eluga A... Touch is awesome. Battery backup is mind blowing itna backup toh mera grand 2 bhi nahi zeta hai.. So too for it..
The phone is exellent.no hang and other features is very nice.plz sent update for kitkat.
It is very good product in this range,but camera clarity is good
The phone speakers are worst but all other features are good.
Dear Sir, I Jatin Ray bought a phone Eluga A ( IMEI no. – 354848060636630)on 4th of December 2015 from Reliance Mart, Motikhavdi, Jamnagar, Gujarat. But only in one month of use the phone started showing problems in screen. It started flickering, went blank and eventually a shut off. Hence I showed it at a service station named VM Enterprise, Jamnagar. It was said that it would take 12 days to repair/replace. But even after 2 months of continuous follow up with service station personnel, sales manager, general manager and every other concerned person nothing was done. And on 26th March a said new was offered to me by service center. But the handset was not a new one, it was in a very poor state, damaged and clearly a falsely repaired phone of another person given to me as a new one which also didn’t function properly. So I immediately returned it and now when I want to know what is the status of my phone, no one gives a clear reply, no one knows anything about it and as of now my number is also blocked by them so I am not able to ask anybody about my phone. Whether it will be repaired or not, will a new handset be given? Whether I will be reimbursed my money? All these happenings have made me restless, disappointed in your service, frustrated by your ambiguous replies, tortured by tiresome and unyielding conversations with your so-called customer care. You do not have any care for your customer. Your company is just interested in the money we pay you. This incident is the worst I’ve ever encountered. It has been 3 and a  months of mental agony. I will not think twice to go consumer grievance center and lodge and formal complaint against your company.
Very nice product.
good
please some one let me know,.. can we upgrade it to kitkat4.4 version?
worst mobile ever used
Nice
I happen to use this sleek and lovely product courtesy Amazon it has all the attributes of very presentable and worthy cell Two things must however be stated it would have added it's attraction if it was provided with 8GB internal memory and instead of 4.3jelly beans be Kitkat 4.4All said it is worth it No regrets
