B00M3RILJU
# Main Highlights 1) 4200mAh Battery - Can easily last 2 days of very heavy usage. 2) Quadcore - Mtk6582M processor 3) 1 GB Ram 4) Android 4.2 Jellybean. (Update : M2 is gonna get Kitkat update.) 4200mAh battery is unheard in a device shipping at this price range. The other 2 handsets that ships with similar battery are Lenovo P780 and Xolo Q3000,but both are priced much higher than this. Due to the huge battery it needs to accommodate,the device is bulky, and a little heavier than other smartphones. The display is a 5 inch one with a resolution of 480 x 854 pixels,which is not that great,but OK. The viewing angles are also not that great. The processor/gpu combination is powerful enough to play many of the games without much issues and the jellybean on board runs smooth. Gionee has opted to ship this with a custom UI instead of Android stock UI. # Some Misc Info This is a dual sim phone - One is the normal sim slot, while the other is a micro sim slot. OTG is not supported Sensors on board - Accelerometer,Magnetic Sensor,Light Sensor,Proximity Sensor,Orientation sensors. Capacitive buttons are not back-lighted always. # Camera Impressive for the price. 8MP rear camera takes good pictures. When it comes to video department,this can shoot 1080P videos at 30fps. #Benchmark Scores Quadrant ; 5800 Antutu : 17200 Nenamark 2 - 55fps. # Verdict - Overall a great handset with a huge battery that can easily last 2 days of heavy use.Real Value for Money. This one is an 8GB edition,there are 4GB editions available on Amazon priced a lil lesser.
awsum phone with sexy battery back i preferred my frnds to buy. its phone in range of 10000 camera features are awsum its has touch shot, autofocus, eraser mode n many more like frame shot and you can change keypad theme according to your choice its best in this range it doesnt heat. it heats untill u use it over like u using internet,call,game at the same time on charging then its goes heat which is common whether u take i phone also so guys i prefer dont go on company names coz all comp. made there phones in china dont believe just look your old android phone u will see n search gionee on google u will find the difference its popular in many countries where samsung failed. thank u for reading such a long message
I got this phone as a birthday gift for my dad, who had been reluctant to switch from his old feature phone to the world of smartphones. As his first smartphone, and knowing his stubby fingers and tendency to drop things, I wanted something that was large-screened and sturdy. Another requirement was good battery life as I could see my dad not bothering to charge his phone every single day. This phone has turned out to be an excellent purchase seeing as one charge lasts him 2 days easily, it's very easy to use, doesn't lag whatsoever, doesn't do any funny things, the screen is big which makes typing for him easy, and the phone, though heavy, feels solid in hand which is reassuring. I don't think I could have found a better phone than this for my dad and though I was initially skeptical about how my dad would accept it, he absolutely loves it and is inseparable from it. The cameras though high in megapixels aren't great but that's not a problem for us since my dad is not fond of taking pics anyway. If you're looking for a great camera, you should look elsewhere. But if any of you is looking for a phone that you can simply buy and forget and which will keep serving you like a reliable workhorse, I suggest you go for this one. And if you are also aiming to help your father get into the smartphone space, you probably won't find a better place to start. The package contained a magnetic flip cover as well as two screen guards, all of it for around 10K. Honestly, no complaints whatsoever here! :)
Guys this phone is just amazing... Truly loved the phone in this price range... The size of the phone is big but it is quiet heavy in weight.. I've used apple and samsung both, was firstly reluctant bout buying this phone but the reviews helped me a lot... The touch is gr8 , it has flash, different photo options n all... All in all value for money.. Better then samsung for sure..if u r looking for a good looking phone with long battery back up just go 4 it guys... The only problem as of now is that it doesnot ve light on the home bar, which is quiet a draw back.. But as u'll use it, u'll come with the term of the touch without light... All in all a good investment.
I have purchased this mobile Gionee M2 one month back. Really this is an excellent Option at this price. 4200 Mah mammoth battery is the main advantage, losts two days even if u browse continuesly. Rare Camera is pretty good, front is not bad. Video recording is excellent.. It is dual sim GSM-GSM, 2nd sim slot is micro. Phone is not at all heating up even if u talk continuesly for 2 hours.. Internal memory is 8 GB loaded with lots of pre installed Apps but u can uninstall useless one's. Phone is bit heavy (200 grms)because of huge battery but I like it. I am enjoying using this mobile.. I will give 5 star...
Totally successful. But 1 folt. Iski sensor key jo niche hoti he usme home, back & menu key ki light jalti nh. Raatko andhereme voh key dikhti nh. Bas 100% mese sirf yeh 1 hi problem he. Thanx
Any one please say truely . Is this hanhset get heat? Wat about battery backup whn continues usage of games and net? Diaplay quality is good? I am willing to buy
I bought this phone 4 days back, looks absolutely fine with processing, sound quality, battery, features and many more other options. Camera is given 8 MP but quality is not like that, also little bit heavy but overall good quality phone at this price range.
Totally satisfied with the product. Price, battery life, and all other features are better than expected. the only disadvantage is the lacking clarity in the camera and a few lags here an there due to resolution. The processor is good enough to deliver high quality images but resolution given on the device messes up the clarity sometimes.. Its the only phone in 10K that offers a good specifications and a very long battery life.
Please don't buy any gionee mobile for very very bad service related issues. I purchased this phone on 15 October. Within 10days its display start malfunctioning. I went to nearest service center which is DIYA COMMUNICATION, they denied for DOA and accepted it as a warranty basis. After one month they returned phone and said that your display has been replaced. Again after 5days its display starts malfunctioning. This type of things happen 5times. And it had taken around 3month for problem solution. I wested so many traveling hours and money to reach customer center. So based on my personal experience please don't buy any gionee mobile. After 3 months I realized that I could have brought Sony mobile. Beccause it is good to consume more 1000 rs. Rather than being fooled by gionee.
One of the best phones.. I have a apple, a sony and a gionee but none other phones batteries last as much as this phones'. Quite impressive. Loved this phone. Only it is bit heavy. But thats not a problem looking at its features. Btw it says 8mp camera but it shoota photos none less than a 16mp camera of my sony xperia.. Cool phone. I recommend this phone 2 everyone. Never got a lagging problem. Awesome
Ya good phone but camera is not good, low colours, this is not a slim phone, over all its good..
phone is okay. but it is not light weight. too heavy. otherwise it is best phone.
The features are excellent and had no issues using it so far. Only the kitkat update had to be updated manually. After this, all the updates have been OTA. With minimal use per day, the battery is lasting over 8 days. Using it as a backup phone.
AMAZING SMART PHONE WITH AN AMAZING BATTERY BACK UP. ORDERED THIS PHONE ON THE 28TH SEPTEMBER WITH A TWO DAY DELIVERY ROUTE FOR RECEIVING IT ON 30TH SEPTEMBER 2014 AND WAS EQUALLY AMAZED TO RECEIVE IT ONE DAY AHEAD OF SCHEDULE ON 29TH SEPTEMBER 2014. AN EXCELLENT SERVICE FROM AMAZON AS USUAL. HAVE USED THE PHONE FOR LAST THREE DAYS AND FOUND IT TO BE EXCELLENT IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.A TOP CLASS SMART PHONE FROM GIONEE WITH AN AMAZING BATTERY BACK UP OF 36 TO 48 HOURS ON 2G/3G/WIFI USAGE. THIS IS A GREAT PHONE AND I'M LOVING IT. OTHER THAN THE WEIGHT (WHICH IS HEAVY BECAUSE OF THE BATTERY), I CAN'T FIND ANY OTHER CRITICAL CON. I'VE GOT THE 8 GB VERSION AND HENCE DON'T HAVE AN STORAGE PROBLEM. THE 8 MP BACK CAMERA IS ALSO VERY GOOD. THE 3.5 mm AUDIO INPUT PORT IS ALSO OKAY AND ACCEPTS ALL THE EARPHONES I HAVE TRIED WITH OUT ANY PROBLEM. THE SUPPLIED EARPHONES, CHARGER AND SCREEN GUARD ARE ALSO OKAY. THE SUPPLIED SUPPOSED TO BE CASE COVER IS ONLY FOR SHOW AND DOES NOT SERVE ANY USEFUL PURPOSE. IT DOES HELP IN COVERING THE PHONE WHILE CARRYING IT IN THE HAND BUT DOES NOT SERVE AS AS A FLIP COVER. I HAVE PURCHASED MY OWN FLIP COVER. LASTLY THANKS TO AMAZON FOR THEIR EXCELLENT SERVICE.
With lot of guts i bought this phone as my frst andriod phone.i took this phone after 10 days of continuous research and knowing about the service centre and even making a fake call that my phone is damaged ,wether they even lift it or not. They humbly siad ok bring it. I bought this phone one june 2014. My observations are as bbelow Probs 1. 4200 mah long battery keeps u longer than u think and if ur battery draining fast that mean unnecessary apps r runing at the behind. Use battery doctor app type of app to control it 2. Super fast internet with airtel 3g 3. No lag, no heat but charger may heat bec its made to do so 4.no lag in games 5. Super touch 6. Today is 27 aug .getting kit kat update on 5 sep 7. I felt 2 times but didnt happen anything 8 . we have a special group on Facebook name gionee m2 where we discuss alot about the features about the phone and help each other to solve there problem if they ever faced any Cons 1 . no lights on 3 buttons. Guess what those 3 buttons will be there life long ,y to waste money to put that feature 2. Heavy as battery is so big 3. Side angles not good, i wonder y people tend to see them from side when they can see from front 4 . camera could have been more better
Really nice mobiel good display nice camera well battery back up supports 3g and 2g and supports video calling and skype calling. really wonderfll product and thanks to amazon for fast delivery
Awsome mobile.good price. Thori heavy hai battery k karan bt battery back up kafi achha.thanks amazon Jo given time k under delivered kiya. Gionee me complain k liye abhi kuch v nhi.
Good phone but display light off in 15sec ,I reset my phone 2 time but light off 15 second & I select 1 minute but auto forwarded to 15 second please help me 9218880051 my no
mobile is good.as per other set such as micromax karbon this set is much better. i use it n fnd ye apne feature par khari utri hai.battery.camera nice performance better.....
Amazing battery backup.. I really love it :)
good performance i enjoy with Gionee
Battery backup is very good. Charge it and forget for 1 week. Recommended for more in built ring tones. On setting half volume can't hear the ring.
It's a very good phone. My main satisfaction is in the battery life. Other comments are about the smoothness and speed in operating it..
very good value for money. Battery life excellent. Also comes with screen guard and cover case. So, no need to order them separately
I am happy, my dad is on android with this phone and it's a good experience for him till now. Everything is good about the phone.
Excellent Mobile, Nice batter back up, even after using data connections, best support from amazon for purchase also
The Gionee M2 is a total value for money. Battery is the biggest plus point. It is quite heavy though.
Its a great budgeted mobile with all features. one suggestion the android version must be upgradble.
Its not upgraded version this is 4.2.2 Jelibean o.s.But your add is 4.4.4 Kitket.so please convert it.
Great phone Best bettary 4200mah give me 2 day stand by Better than i expect
Its very good quality smart phone. Service also good. And delivered within short period.
Great phone gud battery packup totally so gud bad is weight that is not a matter.
Excellent phone. Specifically the battery life. Battery runs for a long time.
The best phone I've had - social media with a phone couldnt hv been better.
For good battery
Really very good phone with reasonable price.it fulfill my expect ions.
I got good mobile.It is up to my expectations.Battery backup is good.
ITS VERY GOOD AS PER MY EXPECTATION AND DELIVERED AS PER REQUEST
Very good phone in this price....battery backup are very good
90% satisfied call record should b cleare other features NICE
Best Phone for price with decent spec and Powerful Battery.
I like this set. performance is good and good battery life.
Very good for a low budget phone...was using apple iphone 4 and switched to M2 and you can say i am satisfied...screen resolution is good but best of all is the battery backup never thought an android phone would last over a day n more without fail. I'm using it on 3g and i would say i has surprised me. Limitation front camera id very poor lower category phones are giving better pictures then this company needs to improve it...and its not meant for girls because its damn heavy...
its veryy nyce phone..and excellent service by amazone..
Just brought 2 days back. 1 lesson learnt that we shud not have very high expectaion but I think if somebody is budget bound and needs sonething in range of 10k then this is a very good buy. I just didnt like the camera though they say its 8mp but color n image quality is poor in the nights specially. During day light its satisfactory. So if somebody looking for good camera then he shud reconsider n look for other options in increased budget.
Nice piece
Camera is not at all good. All pictures come dark
Very nice mobile All future are very good
Just the best can't get better than this..!!
This phone is realy sexsuest phone for girl
Excellent delivery, my father got surprised
very nice phone , overall very good quality
Nice mobile anyone our team also very nice
so nice phone...loving service frm amazon
Wow man what a phone in just 10,000!
did not reached my expectations..
Budget phone with Good features
greaat deal for the price range
excellent phone for good user
Nice seller....awosome price.
satisfied but not 100 percent
Good Item, Very fast delivery
After doing lot of research on nokia lumia 625, lenovo s660, P780, Moto g_e and lg l90 decided to buy gionee M2. I Bought this mobile on 3rd Oct.Earlier used samsumg galaxy s4 and karbon titanium s2. Prons: Super battery backup. With all day internet on and 2-3 hours of daily calling can give you 2 days battery backup with 38 to 40 percent available battery.I suppose none of the mobile can beat gionee m2 when it comes to battery backup. Clear and loud sound. Good camera compared to Indian companies like Micromax and karbon.Difference can be seen while taking pictures of newspaper font and zoom in it. Good processor, processor comparasion can be seen on YouTube. Lag free operation. Solid built like earlier Nokia phones. Upgradable to kitkat, but I don't recommend. As phone performed better on jelly beans. Customized easy interface by gionee. Cons No led for missed call or new message alert. Little problem while watching videos from slighted angles. PPI is low compared to some other high end mobiles. Over all I strongly recommend if you need a solid phone without sticking you with wall chargers like my friends do.Fantastic phone, giving me feeling like Nokia phones which were known for solid built and easy interface.
The product is very good.
Battery back up is supper
Its a very good phone...
Good
This is a awesome phone with cons of audio jack not matching with the outlet size (many have this problem). Calender is not having alarm for reminders. Clock's alarm also not available & I have to download one app for this. Yesterday I visited the service center for resolving my audio jack problem. I could not visit the center for the last one month as I have to travel 100 KM from my place to the center. But to my surprise, when I reached there I came to know that they are working five days a week and I had to come back without any change in the status in my phone. I am not able to use the audio jack and I can not write anything about that. Otherwise the call quality,, signal strength, speaker volume, display, speed, etc., are nice. RV Moorthy
its good thanks amazon
Mobile was excellent.
good value for price.
gionee m2 best phone.
Good. But very heavy
good battery backup
10/10 nice mobile
Great expereance
This smartphone has ticked all my requirements. Smart, dual-sim, decent camera, reasonable processing power and a LOOONG battery life. Battery is realy amazing. For my sedate usage, I charge once in 5-6 days, I have wi-fi,data for 2 hours in a day. Games couple of hours/week. Gionee build quality definitely seems to be competing with high-end phones. The box comes with flip-cover, 2 scratch guards, which is very useful. Don't buy them seperately. I gave 4 stars, only due to its bulkiness and size.
the best mobile
1 number mobile
Excellent phone
Product is good
Good seller 4*
Amazing phone.
I had gone thru phone specification when it was released, so I had made up my mind that I'll buy this phone, the best feature was its battery life, 5' screen, KitKat android & 8GB memory. I was dissapointed when I ordered it on amazon as the battery would drain out really quickly then expected. I had to return that phone but I got a new phone again. I think you couldn't have asked for more features in 10K range.
Battery is some time showing 85 % n some time showing 62% this is the problem i had seen when i reset my phone Pixel density is good thats why 2 stars but Inbuit memory 8 Gb i cant see its showing 2gb n 600 mb or ram is used when i had 1st time open this phone Bad impression of Gioneee....
Good phone
Good phone
good phone
Good phone
very good
Nice one
Awesome
perfect
best f
The main attraction of phone is its battery. I am using it since a month and a full charge goes for 2days with complete use of 3G and video play
Awesm
Good.
good
Good phone. Looks premium.Bad camera .gives poor photos.very heavy because of the huge battery.
It's a basis android. The battery life and performance is not as good as the Lenovo P780.
I want to return this product. Can anybody tell me how to return this product.
Tik hai
It was a defective item. Battery port had issues.
Phatic phone its very slow. It get hang when I try to search in contacts every time. Whenever I have to call someone I have to wait while it search in contacts. Positive thing is battery
its a best piece & 8gb internal memory at this price
defective
v.gd
GOOD
It's battery durable time is less than 10 hours! Why ?
gionee M2 GIVES ME FULL SATISFACTION
