B00M3RIHEE
This is awesome phone when I open the box I shocked this is looking like iPhone 5s
Never had such a wonderful experience with micromax. I always have been using micromax phones...its reallly a good move to compete with moto and xiaomi
Excellent device for this price. Very sturdy, good battery life, good camera in day light, not so good in dark. but over all extremely fast. Just don't forget to use extra memory card and shift all your downloaded applications on the SD card. An A+ device.
Got this phone today but there was a small dent on the side panel of the phone and i was not receiving any signal in both the sim slots (used both AIRTEL & VODAFONE sims). whenever i received the signals the bar just reached 1, i guess this was a faulty piece. Loved the phone- 1.Amazing sound quality 2.perfect design 3.Fast Re ordered the phone because i think i got a faulty piece as i have not found even a single review online stating the problem i faced. Guys white and gold looks amazing and when u switch on the torch the outline of the back panel gets illuminated which looks super cool.
I am impreased with this product I want 2 know how 2 claim warranty if any thing happens 2 the mobile
Yeah man ....GOod phone... seems little bulky, but when in hand, feels like iphone.... & satisfied with delivery & services provided...
My phone has been damaged in box
ya its good phone and durable battery consumption is very nice as well as storage
nice produt but price is as in market overall nice look fast internet .
i receive it yesterday. phone is good but i think may be it have battery prblm. i remove battery of phone that time battery was 52% and in few seconds when i again turned on the phone it is 42%. but overall phone is good.
It's a nice phone
Till now phone is ok. but charger of this phone was very bad. I did use the charger only 1hr. After 1 hr charging, charger was automatically damaged. VERY BAD CHARGER. I think it was not original.
Camera is awesome in this range. Photos taken in dark are good.Touch is very smooth. This was my second product. Simply a very product in this price range with all features.
Good phone .....unless you expecting too much at that price. Better performing phones may be available at that price....but in looks and feel this is the best....
Very nice phone for Micromax canvas fire
I had purchased white- gold but instead of it, i got black- gold micromax canvas fire a104. Even i had demanded white colour of item.
Micromax did a great job in Entry level budget phone segment with their Canvas Unite 2 earlier and it has been selling a lot thanks to the 1GB Ram and Kitkat on board. Canvas Fire A104,spec wise is the direct competitor to their own Unite2. #Specs and Review Display : 4.5-inch Capacitive Touchscreen - with FWVGA resolution of 480×854 pixels is OK. This is the same resolution seen in the Unite2 released earlier. Even though plastic made,Canvas Fire A104 doesn't look like a cheap chinese phone but it is bulky. Operating System : Android v4.4.2 (KitKat) OS - Mostly Stock Android with a few modifications from Micromax here and there. As always,Kitkat performs well. Processor and Ram :1.3 GHz Mediatek 6582 Quad Core Processor and 1GB Ram - Good enough for your day to day multitasking adventure. Mtk6582 is a proven chipset and is also seen on Canvas Unite 2 and various other budget devices.Many high end games can be played without much issues. Use medium graphics level if you find any of them lags a bit. Camera : 5 MP Primary Camera supporting Full HD recording ie 1080P,0.3 MP Secondary Camera .Camera performance is OK,just average as you can expect from a device at this price range. Battery : 1900mAh - can last through a day of average use. A heavy user would find it very difficult to last through the day. No complains here at all as many mid range phones, with double the price of this phone ships with a similar powered battery - For eg Moto G, Xolo 8x-1000 etc. # Misc Info 1) OTG is NOT supported 2) No Light Sensor. - Accelerometer and proximity are the only sensors on board. 3) Dual front facing speakers. # Verdict Since this a budget device under Rs 7000, there isn't much to complain about. Like Micromax's earlier Unite 2, this is also a good value for money device. Don't expect too much from the camera or from the display quality. If you are confused whether to choose this or Unite2, i would recommend to go for Unite 2 as it has been in the market for a while now and you can get better support if you run in to any issues.Unite 2 also has a light sensor,and weigh less than this.
Phone is good but the accessories (charger and head phone) are not working properly and charger stopped working.
I have got the mobile very fast delivery in next day, and mobile is very nice look, rear camara result is nice.
best handset, best battery backup, best look, i am happy in purchase mobile for micromax canvas fire 2 a104
Zero battery performance and the rest is fine about the phone like camera is good.........
It is a very attractive phone. Battery life is also good. Worth buying this phone.
BOTH ABOVE MOBILE AS WELL SERVICE PROVIDE BY AMAZON IS REALY APPRECIABLE.
A good value for money phone with som3 pretty disheartening drawbacks
Good phone at an awesomely handsome price of 6300 at amazon (market price is 7900).. The processor speed is good..am not much of a gamer so can't comment on that. However, the experience on the 2g / 3g networks is pretty good.. The battery life is also appreciable - u charge once in the morn and it works for at least 12 hours on a 2g and 8-9 hours on 3g. The biggest plus, I would say is the sound- awesome double firing speakers - u don't even need a speaker when watching a video in a group ....the minuses- the back panel of the phone- very weak and plasticy.... But all in all a good value for money phone ....
Its fantastic. Me & my boyfriend bought d same set. We both love it
Worth to buy...good phone in this range...only both sims are micro
Resembles as I phone .very good operative system.
Looks from front is different as shown in picture
Phone is Nice but amazon service is Veryyy poor..
Value for money...gud product...thank you amazon
Excellent phone, Great speed, good looks , camera is also good as expected, battery backup is avg -standby time is max of 1.5 days but when playing games continuously it lasts for less than 6 hours. Overall it is very good at this price. I recommend this Mobile( Micromax Canvas Fire A104). I am writing this review after using this mobile for nearly 2 Months.
Product is good but not as shown in picture
very good mobile at good price...loving it
Gold ki jagah silver diya.... Galat bat /
Nice phone with all features required in an Android phone
Nice one I have no word to described
Very Good phone in this price range.
Its wonderfull product nothing any problem.
totally wastage of money......
one problem heating back side
I got this mobile packed as white-gold. But when opened the box was shock to see White-Silver mobile rather than White-Gold. Extremely disappointed as i ordered this mobile to gift my mom on her bday and it turned out this way...
Look alike of Apple very good
Thats wt I want in this price
Excellent at affordable price
Nice phone at a great price
its aowsm phone i m happy.
cannot install much apps
An average phone. Micromax phones are just average as it's for people who are looking for entry level , low quality functional smartphone.
Worthy Every Penny....
Amazing performance
Nice purchase..good
I like the product.
Gud phone. Liked it
Good Product......
Memory very poor
Veey nice mobile with in a budget But internal memory is very only 2gb.
It is superb...
Its a best mob.
OK nice phone
Camera super
Nice mobile, nothing much to say. Worth value......
Writing this review after using 15 days. Phone is very good Camera is good don't expect superior clarity sound is awe some Plays all video formats Memory 1GB Only thing is it having 10-15 in built apps u cant remove and it will update when u connect wifi. so u need to spend money & memory to updates
good one...
Good sevice
Good phone
I love it!
Good phone
very good
VERY BEST
Awesome phone it looks like.
Awesome
Good phone at this price.
Sorry.
Look same as i phone but build quality much differ than i phone rest at this price range is good to have phone like this
good
Nice
fine
good
Good product. This prompted me to buy more items through Amazon which were poor in quality.
On the 5th day itself the touch not working properly... worst phone...
Nil
I got the phone canvas fire 2 looking very nice as a i5
ok
its nice one and good price
Very good feature
But weith high
Thanks amazo
cool
Good
