B00MXYQBRC
Pros This phone is the best choice for the person who needs a large display @ a very low price. The phone performance well with its decent 1.2 G quad core pross, Camera is okay with its 5MP. Battery backup is also good with 2500mAh, I bought this phone a month ago, it doesn't have a issues. Cons The only problem I face is that the phone is little bit heavy compared to other mobile in its class, camera flash is below average.
hi, this phone is pretty much good. as you can get all the specification detail about product buy seller so check that. i only say that, this is a awesome phone in that price only 1 lack that is front camera it just 0.3 mp so it is here only for full fill the need of it..... other wise no problem buy it....
First of All it's an Indian Product (though it is assembled in China), go with it. (in my Opinion) I bought this phone on November 2014, been using this for 5 months. Pros, 1. Minimum Budget 2. Large Screen (you can beat most of the smart with this feature) 3. Reasonable RAM size 4. both SIM slots are 3G support (as u already know) Cons, 1. Can't install Bigger Games due to it's Internal Memory Finally, I can say with the Budget of 7000/- to 8000/- then go for this... Thanks
This one goes for all the people who are confused whether to buy this product or not. Firstly I would like to say that the screen is absolutely HD. It looks like note 3 screen. Next coming to the apps it have, apps like clean master, hike (can be updated), Kingsoft office, Gmail, Chrome, few MI games, bookmyshow are the inbuilt apps. The most important thing is that we need not download any photos editor apps cos it have inbuilt editing photo app. Secondly as mentioned in the other reviews, 'there's a problem with the power button ' noo noo not at all. There's no problem like that Next thing is that it have 1.43 gb only for app storage. Battery backup was really lavish. Everything was really superb. Got for it guys. "9ü6
Pros: Nice big display, crisp video, no hanging, apps run well, battery lasts long for basic usage, awesome price performance ratio Cons: The off button does not work sometimes. Have to use scheduled power off to turn off and reboot.
its an awesom phone....i m so satisfied....being the user of this....mobile...plzz go for it.....and thankx to amazon....for faster....and this mobile looks like..samsung note 3
Hello friends.... Advantages 1.very nice screen touch is awesome. 2.Apps installed are more than enough... 3.this phone satisfies everything what we need basically. 3. browsers are very, I didn't face any problems while browsing. Who use more Internet this is the best phone for browsing. 4. quality of phone is good. 1gb ram is fine. 5MP camera is not bad... Disadvantages 1.low battery backup. 2. Camera is not good as 5MP, 3. If we browse much the phone well get heat. . Finally It's a best phone in less cost.. I am enjoying with this.
Its just awsum bczz its cost is gud and its just prfect thts y for me my all ffmly members buy it..sooo cool..thnk you micromax
Amazing phone in price range. Screen size is Large like Samsung note. Smoothly running with enough ram. Only problem is camera quality. Not like 5mp as stated.
1. Price: Very good price at Amazon comparing with market, you cant get this phone with this price in market. 2. Complaints: No complaints since 1.5 months. 3. Speed: With 1GB Ram Phone speed and Browsing speed is pretty good. 4. Screen: Very good 5. Camera: Camera is drawback but ok with overall phone features 6. Applications: Run very smoothly
I am a use in Micromax xl a 109 mobile is a very nice mobile in batarry back god and clearity nice use soft .
Micromax Canvas XL2 A10 mobile working perfomance ie good but app are storing only in main memory...
I love this mobile, because the photos taken in this has good clarity, Play memories,Wi- Fi, etc are working very well, from camera to mobile with the help of Wi-Fi now I can easily share the photos and further I can share it to FB, conveniently, My problems are solved by possessing Micromax Canvas XL 2 A 109. Thanks to Amazon .
Its just ok for a money. a serious issue is flash does not work properly for dark conditions....in fact, standard flashlight applications wont' work with this as well...how can that not be not sorted out... i dont' like it, but since a family member is using, who is less concerned about it, i guess its fine for the money for now...
Best phone in a low price, 5 inch screen with kitkat 4.4.4, Amazon delivery very fast and best
It is good product compare to money. But internal memory is 2gb. It is hanged sometimes.
Firstly, great job by Amazon, got the item in top condition and before expected delivery date. Secondly, the phone is in perfect condition and is just as expected. I had purchased the phone after doing a lot of research and it was undoubtedly the best in this range. It is great value for money.
I am very happy. Features are very super. But the cost is very attractive.
Thanks again for fastest delivery service of amazon, I received mobile in next day of booking. Battery backup is ok for medium users other features are as described in its features but now Since Yureka is on sale with decent features so its price should be decreased to around 6K
look impressed everyone but the fact is phone hangs many times a day and finally i admitted to micromax care where they told me that they cant solve phones problem so i have to wait until 45 days for phone which they send to company , so think twice before purchase micro max ,i am consulting my lawyer to file complent in consumer court.
I had liked some other phone from Micromax but since it was not available for faster delivery, i thought to give a try to Micromax Canvas A109. And i would say that i never regretted for my decision to go with A109. Nice product from Micromax. Keep it up guys.
Mobile is awesome. Processor is good. Resolution like HD. large screen, no lag, touch is butter smooth, it is very handy to use. Lightweight. When my friends see it they also plan to buy it. If someone is want to buy go for it. Micromax is great.
battery is Week. Daily required charging.Kindly replace the Battery pl
Very poor battery life.
The product was good in all aspects, except for the battery. It gets charged only 23 per cent per hour. Also it drains very quickly at the rate of 10 per cent per hour when net is used. If this problem is set right, then it is really value for money.
Though the seller claims expandable memory up to 32 GB, the storage facility of the cell phone can not be changed. Always the phone memory is in use. So it can not be possible to download applications even though there have SD cards
This phone is the best phone in this price range. Plus point for me is that it has Punjabi font. Only negative point is that there are so many pre installed unwanted applications, so considerable internal memory space is wasted.
some times its hanging and switch off button not working
garbage lock key button problem. battery sucks..
I return back mobile and refund also the same for the cause of battery not charging after 69%. But I already have the same it works perfectly specially battery backup and speed in net are good
No doubt its Very Good smartphone with respect to cost. Camera excellent, processing speed very good,Battery satisfactory. Only volume of phone is low. Otherwise overall its very good phone.
phone is ok, only one problem found that is app & video/image received by other phone can not move in sd card, video & image move in sd card by cut & paste from phone memary to sd card.
phone working very nice and dispatched in time
Yes it is a good purchase in low price where you can enjoy all the latest facilities of Android phone.Only the speaker quality is not so good and memory is low for applications.
Micromax 's worst mobile ..don't go for it
very bad phone..........don't purchase it
It is good loking. features ok but handset is getting heat and.once it is charged fully it is getting discharged in 1 hour. It is not a light weight phone.
Comparing with the price it is a best phone....features , looks everything is very good...one pble is that software is not installed in ur memory card....
I should give 5 star, but there are phone releasing everyday. one better than other. very good phone, no issues yet, good seller. good packing ......etc.
I am using last 2 two weeks this mobile,feautres are good ,touch is excellent and very slim. over all good mobile at this range.Thanks to amazon
Its an awesome deal at this price.... Screen size Is gigantic when yu hold it.... Camera quality is good and Cant ask fr more features at dis price
phone is excellent in the price range. i m satisfied with this. the only problem I m facing is the power on/off button Some time don't working.
Mobile is good for this price.... But sometimes the power button doesn't response.... & main drawback is...OTG not supporting for this.
nice one. i m happy with this handset. batery is good enough for one and half day. ram is also good. inshort paisa vasool. thanx to micromax
perfect mobile.. all features are superb.... but camera flash is too low. otherwise its all features are great at this price.. :)
This giant phone is just spectacular...My father brought it for himself...He uses is all the time...Great phone in this price....Go for it.
Best phone in this price range with big screen fully satisfied, camera is good in daylight but not in night Flash is average
I love my XL2 A109 Phone. The Camera LED is not good as other phones. overall the price and features of this phone is perfect. Please see the photo quality. PFA
Performance is good. But internet speed has to be improved. Games run smoothly. Rear camera is good.Overall a good package.
I think it is very good mobile because within Rs 6842/- I getting satisfy Regards Rajkumar Chauhan
It is pretty good with large screen , excellent battery backup and faster internet . l love Micromax XL2 A109.
All features are excellent except app storage. App can be moved only on internal storage, not on SD card.
Very very good phone .... If u r looking in 6500- 7000 budget than go for it guys..... Nice phone Touch is very sensitive 1 GB ram for fast processing Look is also very killer Very happy after purchasing this phone
I am very happy to have dis phone and its very nice. Its a very nice phone with cheaper price and with a very nice screen. As of now it met my expectation. The only problem I am facing is, some times the on off button do not responds.
its a very good phone but only thing apart from specification is that it is a normal sim phone
please dont buy this mobile we bought it recent before 2 mnths ago and the hardware is gone
mobile is very nice look also brand new but on use first day lock button is not working !!
internal memory is only 750 mb... which doesnt allw to download more apps... #regret
Excellent product at a competitive price. Thanks Amazon for excellence in all parameters.
Very Upset....ordered for black but recieved in white... Also if very poor quality
Nice phone but camera is not upto that mark. But it's a good phone on its budget.
Reviewing other comments about micromax xl2 has put me in dylama but the trust i had on the brand & decent features, finest looks of the phone made me purchase. The risk I took has paid off. Yes, once my hands were on the phone and started to review everything, the low rated comments proved all wrong. Only thing now left for me is to get accquinted with the phone int & ext memory percentages. Thanks a lot to micromax & Amazon.
Good budget mobile.
facing hang problem
Big and bulky to hold . Battery does not last long enough for a phone of this size.
Till now.. No problem... I think charging time is a bit higher than other devices. Then I think that it's because my mobile data is always on. Lollipop update comes then it'll be five stars
paisa wasol but only internal storage is more its very good, over all good phone
Quality is good and I gave it to my niece as a gift, she is very happy with this
This Mob has good features at this low price... And It"s HD screen is superb
Hi this phone display and backup is good but same time power buttons not working
Very Very bad . Ordered not flip and phone revived only phone but paid for both
over all good, but flash light of MICROMAX CANVAS XL2 A109 (White) is very poor
its very nice phone & ll fulfil all ur requirements.. u Can just go for it.
Cloudtail is the best in amazon i purchased the product at nearly 70% disc
Over all it is good , except for front camera. Battery lasted for 1.5 days
Decent looking phone for the price... Camera and flash not up to mark...
Great mobile, very happy with it and great deal and delivery from Amazon
PAWOR BUTEN NOT WORKING PROPALI
App cannot be moved to external sd card. Everything stores either in phone or internal storage. Low flash light. Else worth for money buying...
Good device. But amazon dealer delivered black color instead of white.
Very good Indian smartphone fulfills all needs at a reasonable cost.
Using this phone last 3 month, nice phone, not facing any problem..
Everything is Good, Except the Internal Memory for Apps Storage.
nice screen tuch and nice bettery back up. and also good looking
This is very nice product. I am very happy to buy this product.
Overall a very good phone to buy keeping your budget in mind.
Sometimes it will doesn't get lock otherwise perfect to buy
Purchased it for my father.... Its really a good Mobile....
awesome phone.....from my side no problem.....where as i m loving the big sceen...still now i have played games alot and they are not lagging.....thanx amazon as well as micromax for such a nice phone....most of all the i have got a good phone with great features.....i have a got a nice phone which was above my expectation.....:)
Within the amount which was 7200, as per me, its the best
Its a very good mobile set within an affordable price.
More features at low price... Its look like a mini tab
Awesome phone. Low battery life but overall it's good
Properly not some time switch off & on automatically
Excellent..... Looks good for me..... Valuable....
Nice product! Camera ok..fast and worth money
Aswm and wonderful delivery before the give date..
Very fine big screen good performance. I like it
excellent phone
VERY GOOD HANDSET FOR ITS PRICE, THANKS AMAZON.
Good Phone at Reasonable Price, i am satisfied
Excellent mobile in this range. I'm satisfied.
Nice Phone With Proper Range (Especially on Amazon.in). My dad is using the phone and he is enjoying. The screen is big and its the advantage for those who wants to play games. Moreover, the Memory is enough to install enough needed applications. The 7000 range is very good. And i can suggest the same phone to more people to buy from AMAZON.in :(
Some time lock boutton is not work properly.
i purchase micromax xl2 on date 12 dec 2014 ,phone is nice but some time power button is not working .please tel me all hand set are having same problem because i am very unhappy about my product . tel me i want to change my phone or short out this problem in micro max service center tel me its very urgent
best mobile but battery back up not well
Worth for money.. better for browsing..
very good product with competitive rate
its good...... worth for the price paid
Low budget mobile with good features.
very gud phone amazing price excellent
Everything is good except the camera... As it's flash is very dim and picture clarity is not that good when taken in low light.... And one more thing is you can't move the apps to your SD card... But that's okay!! Overall a good phone at this range... I must say!!
Very Good Product . Value For Money.
Good Product but very late delivery.
Good product ....highly recommended
great device for the price offered.
Good 1 , Good Display And Sound ...
colour sent wrong other wise strong
Working good and amazing phone. slim and weight less compare to size. thanks seller and amazon . plz provide COD specility in all cities.Major problem is all Apps occupied 990MB Memory so less space to update Apps.[ pre -installed Apps]
Very good product sold by amazon.
Nice phone as per my requirement
nice mobile for rs 7000 in offer
good mobile.. just budget price
excellent product in this range
This Mobile Nice, very handy.
very good and prompt delivery
Amazing features.The front camera is not that good.
Best mobile for this price
nice phone with all features
GOOD PHONE I EVER PURCHASED.
it very good this mobile it
This product is upgradable?
Awesome phone for the price
Wonderful ! I am satisfied.
Superb & amzing Quality..
VERY GOOD, AND NICE PHONE
Good Phone in this range.
Nice phone nice function
Best at reasonable price
Nice
it is hanging everyday.
1 GB Ram is not enough.
battery in problem cofo
good product excellent
It is very nice mobile
It's just a normal set
I is good to my money
This Android is good.
worth for the amount
Low cost best future
Love. This. Auwsome
not for heavy users
Nice phone no issue
good good features
This a good result
no battery backup
Very good product
VERY NICE MOBILE
good as expected
Alright good one
Some tyme the lock button of the phne does not wrk but other wise the phne is gud
"Good phone but the LOCK KEY sometimes does not function properly.This phone provides FLASHLIGHT which is of no use(too dim). Moderate camera .The phone gets heated in few minute such as after playing games & clicking 5-10 continuous photos .Volume too low WHILE MAKING CALLS."
It is very goo.
Excellent phone
VERY NICE PEACE
i hv tested in all aspect like Hd play back , Sound Clerity, 3G net -play store download apps speed. So i hv given 4* out of 5. Camera is good but flash is too bad. But unfortuntly i got a problem in Screen .When i flip the Screen in left side below i got the Screen is not properly set or fixed from inner side ,upper class is ok but the gap is easily caught. So i will check the another same piece from local retailer then i wil decide to return it or not.. Phone was awesome .Unfortunetly i have returned it due to Screen problem. And 5star out of 5 to amazon customer service, i hv received my 6999rs in just 2days through neft by amazon. thanks alot .
Its an awesome product. It looks really classy, very nice performance.
Liked the phone... Seems good till now after 3 days of receiving it!!!
Worth of money
It's very nice
EXELLENT PRICE
friendly usage
I like it.....
The feature wise its decent. The camera is not up to the mark.
It wroks good
Nice Phone...
Mch satisfied
GOOD PRODUCT
good product
Good product
GOOD PRODUCT
Budget phone very nice paisa vasool...... Like it
It is a very bad product. I just bought n 1 sim slot is nof working. Now I'm in a situation that what is next ? 1st time I bought Micromax n I have a very bad experience. Its also heating a lot from backside. Any body can suggest what to do with this rubbish product. Will they replace it ?
camera not what you would love.... bit laggy to shift between...micromax has focused only on screen... the hardware configuration with software is not impressing....good for average user but not the one for a geek like me.... better go for canvas 2.2 must better than even htc at benchmarks
good piece
very good
it has 4gb rom and the apps can not be move to sd card the battery is consume more power even using whatapp it drops very quickly instead of buying this phone you must buy unite 2 which has less price than this and the apps can be moveable
Good one
Good one
good one
This is good canvas mobile.
Nice...
superab
Nice .
Its ok
Superb
The mobile is good for normal purposes. It's not great for big stuffs like gaming and photography, bcoz there's no option to move app to Memory card, and certain apps cannot be moved to internal memory also. The memory to store, app is limited for around 800mb that too 250mb been used for preloaded apps. The main positive thing is it sounds good, headset and speaker are great. People those who need a good mobile with big screen can go for this.
It a good product and delivered on time.. its large screen really superb..... worth to buy... nice performance...
good
good
good
good
good
good
Best
good
Very good phone in it's range size is good only minus point is that u don't get good camera
i purchess t phone last weak, battery backup is very poor. i hate this phone
Very good phone in this range and i have no regrets .wise decision to buy it.
Good one as per the price, but kitkat 4.4.2 , no SD card support, but ok
worst experience in this phone it was very heat while dong any activity
headphone not connected proper..loose connection.m not happy for that.
For 7000 it is giving maximum to his customer.....go for it guyz.....
gud
Please sms to order no 9 digit
battery problem ...wont last 4hrs continuously..
ok
very nice mobile , screen is very nice .
good
volume of this mobile is very low.
Its is good product in that range.
nice phone, happy with it
Nice flash is not good
Quality is Not Bad...
good time management,
Phone is good to use
A budget phone with good features
it is very good
Excellent phone for this budjet. Display is awesome
The phone is good amazing price india amazing.com
Not satisfied
Worst camera
Stupid phone
Faltu phone
Gud phone
Sumtimes power botton doesn't wrk completely.... Want to return my product Plz tell me the procedur
fine
recived only mobile no charger no battery no hedphone .
Camera is not good flash is very low
Good phone.worth for the price.
Battery is horrible........otherwise the phone is excellent
