B00MVUHKBE
Very disappointed. Either use second sim or memory card. Why they say dual sim, they should clearly mention after product name "dual sim without memory card" or "single sim with memory card".
The phone is stylish and good. But the biggest drawback is calling it as a dual sim phone but not providing 3 slots including memory card. i.e eith use a single sim and a memory card or use two sims. This is a crazy design. lower end phones on Micromax itself has 3 slots. I AM DISAPPOINTED. If you mention this issue NO One will buy this phone!
ANOTHER EXCELLENT BUILT QUALITY DEVICE FROM MICROMAX ( after Micromax Canvas Knight A350) .... Design : This device got excellent design . The design is evolved from Micromax Canvas Knight A350. This device looks glossy from back because it got glass ( I think OGS- One Glass Solution). Perfect design gives you nice gripe. Black color adds "AESTHETICS" in this device. Again ..Perfectly design device from Micromax. Build Quality: This device is perfectly built . This device got "ONE UNIFORM BODY". Very few parts are removable . We can see coating of glass at back of device .It looks glossy. Built quality is superb. It is Light weight yet perfectly built. Hardware : A) Processor : This device is equipped with 1.4 GHz Tru-Octa core processor. This processor works well . I found no LAG while using this device . Even when 2-3 cores are working, device runs smoothly. Review UPDATE: Processor really works like "Supersonic Jet" . It handles multitasking very well (10 apps at time incl. Asphalt 8 and GT Racing 2 like heave games.) B) Dual-SIM and STORAGE TRICK: This device got 2 SIM tray . One tray for Micro SIM and another one for NANO SIM. But Manufacturer made something different here in this device. At MICRO SIM tray you use EITHER MICRO SIM or SD Card . Yup this feature is slightly disappointing for them who are looking for DUAL SIM + SD Card support phone. But, still I'm not sad after watching such TRICK. C) ON BOARD STORAGE and RAM: This device got 8.00 GB on board storage . But user is able to use 5.84* GB storage because another space is equipped with MANY per-installed apps. So it is essential to use SD Card for more storage and user can't use DUAL SIM feature. RAM: 1GB RAM gifted to this device. I not experienced any LAG issue even while playing Games. RAM is sufficient but still..such device need 1.5GB (plus) RAM. D) CAMERA Most beautiful and powerful camera. CAMERA quality is OUTSTANDING . This device equipped with 8MP rare and 5MP front camera with Auto Focus (AF). And this device is really able to give 8MP clarity . This camera contains "CAMERAZZI" feature, with is feature user can make GIF Animations and REMOVE unnecessary objects from IMAGE. Camera is able to capture NICE normal shots and EXCELLENT HDR Shots. Even front 5MP camera is SUPERB. Full HD (1080p) video can be captured through RARE camera(8MP) and Front camera(5MP) records HD (720p) video. If your are want phone for capturing BEAUTIFUL IMAGES then one should definitely GO FOR MICROMAX CANVAS KNIGHT CAMEO. Camera resolutions : Main Camera -3840x2160Pixels (8.0MP) and Front Camera : 2880x1728Pixels (5.0MP) Camera supports many scene modes such as Face beauty ,Night mode and so on . E) FEATURES and Battery backup This device got ANDROID 4.4.2 Out-Of-The-Box . I found User Interface (UI) is not too good but it is not boring . Icons are too big but still looks good when user SETS good wallpaper(s). This device comes with another feature called as QUICKLOOK . QUICKLOOK is able to give you CLOCK, WEATHER ,Twitter ,Facebook status and NEWS at ONE PLACE (Similar to HTC Sense UI). Phone comes with lot of apps and some are really "USEFUL" . Multimedia features: Sound Quality is sufficient not too good neither too bad .It gives you average sound quality. Music player is still 'boring'. Video players CAN handle major popular video formats (MP4,3GP,AVI,MKV etc. )If you are watching 1080p video then device gives you really feel of FULL HD video. This device comes with "LOOK AWAY TO PAUSE VIDEO" Feature(in default video player) and COLLAGE Making Feature. User can make COLLAGE of 10 photos at time. Apps works very well. This device supports OTG** (On The Go) cable . User can connect PEN DRIVE and HARD DISK to this phone. Although OTG** Cable not comes in sales package. BATTERY BACKUP : 2000mAH battery is not too good neither too bad . It gives AVERAGE Battery backup of 8-9Hrs with some spare of battery . Review UPDATE: According to recent battery testing, device performed well it gave 23Hrs 30 superb battery backup on normal usage with spare of 4%battery . F) Verdict: If you need brilliant looks , 4.7 Excellent display and Awesome processor then GO FOR IT .This device is price worthy. Advice: If you are going to purchase device , then please purchase back cover of this device because back of this device glass coated . PROS : Superb DISPLAY and Build quality, Excellent Processor and OUTSTANDING CAMERA. Good for Gaming. CONS : Really not except SAME SLOT FOR SIM and SD Card. Notes : 1) * storage : Some part of internal storage is reserved for inbuilt apps, software and its maintenance. 2) ** Kindly format your storage device with FAT32 formatting option (default format mode) before using OTG Functions . Your device only supports FAT32 Storage support. Please do this on your own risk , it can damage your device (mobile) or storage device.
Phone is great for the features that they are providing at a good price for the customers... Octacore processsor is pretty fast and the drawbacks are earphone is pathetic.. Considering that I only used it twice and my left ear bud is malfunctionig. The other irritating part that i didnt like of the phone is it comes with so many preloaded applicatons that I don't use it at all and it is impossible to uninstall from the phone...These apps drainout my battery pretty fast. other than this the phone is great and I would given them 5stars rating...
No, am not satisfied because your product information wrong. When I purchased that mobile you clear mention to" handset support one Micro SIM card, one Nano SIM card and one SD card". So why you citing. I request to you please peplase my mobile as soon as possible.
It was good. However, I thought this would be a smaller version of A300. Camera: The 8MP rear camera does its job well. However, the front camera performance is very impressive. Battery backup: not very impressive....then again, you get what you pay! Does a decent job. Sound: Not impressive....nowhere near A300. Wi-Fi reception: found this to be better than my iphones. Also its better than A300. Display: Does a decent job but do not expect A300 grade performance. The black level is poor. Touch response: good but nothing compared to A300. Overall, this set was good for my dad for whom I bought this.
The phone is good but only problem is the sim option. It is a dual sim phone but cannot use 2nd sim and memory card at the same time. The 2nd sim slot and memory card slot is same. Otherwise it is a nice phone.
Basically I changed my Micromax Unite gifted by Dear Daughter as it was not holding charge as per my requirement. This Knight is equipped with all the unnecessary Armour but fall short where exactly it pinches a customer like me. We have a mobile Nokia Lumia which has all the features along with a very stable prolonged battery charge enabling it to be used for a long duration without bothering for charging it too often. Will Micromax depute its Foot Soldiers to spk to me (India, Telengana, Hyderabad, Ranga Redy Dist, Malkajgiri, RK Puram, SV Colony--500056,Mob No 9704679309) as both Unite & Knight are faltering.
It was my first online purchase and luckily I was not disappointed.
Its nice product. The only concern is the battery back up...
U can use only 1 sim with memory card Or 2 sims without memory card Y this is nt posted in techical specifications. Worsttt Money wastage
Impressive Apple like glass and steel design, with some nuisance quirks. 1 Nano and 1 micro Sim is annoying for travel. Android 4.4.2 has annoying layout and menus and you have to hunt several menus down for common commands. Battery only lasts 12 hours unless you shut bloat ware Which gives 4 days. What's with 25 disco ring tones? You need to download normal tones to avoid public embarrassment. Also can kit Kat vibrate before ringing or is that 10sub-menus down?
It was my first Handset from Micromax and it was great in every aspect. But after using for 20 days, suddenly the phone went blank and did not start by any means. Thank God, the return policy was in effect and i immediately returned this faulty item. Amazon did great job and I got my refund amount within 3 days!! So, in all what I have experienced is that Micromax is a China Mobile in True sense and it will work only if you have a great Luck!!
phone is really good !! looks like i phone u cant open the back cover..non removablle battery both Front and Back camera are crisp clear.! display: hd display and really clear Processor is fast but sometimes stock launcher stops ..no updates are available no lags while playing games and multi tasking REMEMBER Ucan use 1 SIM AND MEMORY CARD OR 2 SIMS AT ONE TIME
Gifted this to my nephew on Diwali. It is a surprisingly good product from Micromax. Looks very premium and stylish with glass front and back. The only drawback is that you can either use a memory card or second sim, not both. But I do not have a problem with that. Camera quality is really good and this I am saying after having seen the camera quality of other Micromax phones.
it is a nice phone as per specification but the handset i got started making problem such as audio during call was not working ,it won't charge and as amazon provided only 7 day return policy i was stuck and now i had to give the phone to service centre.really disappointed with amazon service next time would prefer other online stores ,some them provides 30 day replacement.
I am a very much disappointed customer on this purchase. I gifted this phone to my mom and it's not even turning on after a week time. I was out of station and by the time I returned it was a day ahead of the time provided by Amazon to return the unit and she has given the phone to me asking to get it fixed somehow. I don't know what to do with this junk now.
I have purchased the Micromax Canvas Knight Cameo A290 (Black) on 23rd Dec 2014 for Rs. 9624 from Amazon & I have received it on 28th Dec 14. In 12 days the phone shows me its worst quality. Its battery back up is 0. Now it is not charging. This phone is dabba for me now. I don't recommend it to anyone. Please don't purchase it.
just awesome........ one backdrop that is in the 2nd sim crd slot..... micro sd or nano sim
Its absolutely good shape and look just like the apple I phone look and design. But the only draw back is only 2 slots are there for use nano sim & micro incase used to apply memory card that time only single sim to use that couldn't use dual sim and there is battery in build otherwise mobile is easy to use and gave speed!
Phone looks appropriate for its cost,,,, build and design are catchy and must say at par with high end phones. Performance wise its doing fine, no lag, smooth interface.,,,,,,,only a higher capacity battery would have made it a sure winner as it requires charging after every 8-10 hrs and to mention i am not a heavy user.
Battery need to have extended life, as it lasts only for 8 hrs with all the apps on.
Nice but one drawback is you can use either 2 Sim or 1sim n 1micro SD card
it's an amzing product.. please tell me where do i get this insurance cover fro this or how to register this for insurance and it would me much happy if you provide me with flip covers of light pink color for micromax canvas cameo a290
Its just wowsome! Thanks to amazon that I got it 9.3K and received the pakage 3days earlier than the EDD. I am using it for last one and a half month and never felt like it lags. And about the picture quality, its just cheese. Just go for it...cheers.
Good camera but the Basics phone voice quality and sound is not good
Pls dont buy this mbl... I bouht this before a month... But i cant return now... This mobile has many problems such as- 1. it gets very hot when we use due to software problem... 2.some times we cant even open the unlock...bec it hang...
within 20 days the problem started creeping up. The set is not charging properly. The authorised service centre in Mysore abruptly closed his outlet and other people deny to repair it as the set was purchased online.
I expect, dual sim with external SD card slot, but there is no option for both sim and SD card option. Now a days there is an option for dual sim and external SD card slot is necessary and the basic android mobiles.
Very nice phone.. Infact a good copy of apple i phone...
nice smartphone . but only problem that we cant use both same sim card at the time because in second port only support sd card or nano sim card . otherwise product is very good performing device.
Mobile is good with good camera and resolution of screen. Mobile is also very handy to use. Only defect i found is some times back sensor is not working and we can only use second sim or memory card
Great phone with octacore nd dt lso in less money its unbelievable. But nly 1 features dukhi me it hv nly 2 slots. Otherwise its a grt phn. It hv lso gt 8 mp rear cam nd 5 mp frnt. Wow jus luv it
Internal memory of just 5 GB is a problem. Good with at least 8/16 GB external memory. Had to do factory reset once in last six month, but didn't lose any date. Overall, a great purchase.
Everything is good but facing a problem with charging point. The charger wire has no grip with the mobile as required. Nice internal place but lots of useless apps already loaded.
I'm not very Happy with the battery back up. It drains out too soon, it has too many unnecessary inbuilt apps. If we watch anything on YouTube battery drastically drains out.
Its defective and whole lot of these phones. I bought this phone and its back flap had a gap. I exchanged ut and after 1 month of usage it has also developed a same gap.
Heating big big problem.touch not good.no precision .slows down soon.preinstalled games wont get uninstalled.tgey r nly trial veraions.loud speaaker not loud enough.
Happy with this product. Nice camera, front camera also good. Connectivity of wi fi is not up to the mark. Other fetures are good, cute look like iphone.
Poor product. Battery needs long charging but still discharges very quickly. Photo clicked with flash on produces blurred images. Really bad experience.
after receiving handset I disappointed very much because it not original product later on known that the product madebin china it not good looking compare to other micromax hand set its fully duplicate made in china I fully distrust on micromax products and amazon website. I also discourage people to buy micromax products and amazon shopping.
phone is very nice. Memory card not inserted since slot not available. charging is only 20 hours . The phone is better phone. latest futures.
wonder phone with very soft touch, and all the apps are working very smoothly , this is one the best bargain as far as price is concerned
Good phone but having single sim.
I have bought full black piece. The service of amazon was good but can be better. About device: It is excellent... Lighter then s4, handy, outstanding camera, vivid display nd iphone look. U wont regret buying. Cons: Music in earphone is below average. Tried other earphones as well bt bass effect too low.
I just got this phone. Its mentioned that its is in BLACK+GOLD but only BLACK colour mobile is delivered to me. BEWARE
This phone is awesome... Exceeding expectation... Look is very stylish and image quality is super fine....
Worth for Money. Camera feature is the speciality of this phone. Its very slim and handy. Its really good one.
No words to tell ..Wow its the most Coolest phone in World...,I buy it for my Dad...as a gift....Go 4 It...
its really waste of money only the thing is 13 mega pixcel camera its get hag regularly and its very slow
Product is good. Price also very good. Lower than else where. only the delivery took 4 days instead of 2.
Battery back up not so good.... Aaps is stopes somtimes.... Warrenty card in not fill..
Its a good phone no doubt! the build quality is good. the hardware/ software combination is also good (its responsive, fluid etc etc), and the battery also seemed to last ok. i bought this phone and returned it the next day. (Full marks to Amazon for prompt return pickup and refunds.) But here is what irked me: the three capacitative buttons at the bottom are backlit, but there is no way to ensure that the buttons light up as long as the screen is on. They light up when you press the power button to light up the screen, but go off within a few seconds (like 10-15 seconds) even if the screen is on and you are working on it. And then if you want to use the buttons (to go back etc.) you have to figure out where the touch zones are so you can light up the buttons at one touch. And if you miss the touch zones, then you end up pressing the button areas multiple times until they light up and thats when you can use them. Irritating, very irritating. I tried looking for a setting, couldnt find. I tried looking for a custom rom, couldnt find (this phone isnt developed for by the developer community). I tried looking for a software to enable the feature, doesnt exit unless rooted. I am used to soft keys (like on vanilla android) so that could be one of the reasons it was very frustrating for me. but Micromax could have done well to include this small feature in their version of android. in any case, if this doesnt bother you, then you are good!
this product s black r black + gold colour bcz in this product image s (Black+Gold)colour
Hey People it might be tempting model but technical issues will make you spend the time without mobile phone...i know what u r thinking: Let me tell you my experience: 1. Bought the mobile in Jan'2015 2. Feb 1 week i found some weird problem in the phone (Phone is plugged in for charging purposes, on the screen i can see charging symbol on battery icon and i can see the charging light but found its not getting charged) 3. Spoke to the Micromax Customer service, they advised to deposit the phone for 10 days, service center guys said its very common issue in micromax so i need not to worry and they took 7 days to return the phone without killing the issue permanently. 4. Again same issue by March'2015, i been to the service center, this time they are promising me that the phone will be sent to the Delhi and ill come back by Apr'15 last week. 5. Welcome if anyone wants to buy this trouble maker.
Front camera not working for vedio calls, phone is getting over heated. I want to exchange
Good product with descent specs. User friendly as only 4.7 inches. Nice 1 amazon.
No battery packup
awesome phone !!
Nice product in this price range, looks good with glass screen protector.
I got item with bad battery, battery drains even without using the phone
very Compatible in price and attractive function in such a less price.
It have some problems while useing and I am not getting good pouches
Not good go for other micromax phone ... This is a misguiding phone
Its nice but only problem for battery capacity Camera is good
Awesome phone.... with gyd features at reasonable prices. ...
Guys don't buy this phone its hanging hanging hanging.........
Amazing product with great features. Delivered within one day.
the only drawback is either use second sim or memory card.
It's awesome phone. I am using it for a month. I like it.
worst hardware ever. changer jack breaked in a week.....
I have received last week, but the not switchig ON.
My micromax mobile out of order kindly Change it
I like it
This was not working. I return the product.
camera and battery are not working properly
Not good
Third class phone I never ever have seen.
Awesome phone for this price super phone
Very very nice smartphone in this range
Good product but sometimes gets heated
Phones is good but poor battery backup
good product ..... looking unique////
good phone but battery lapse so fast
best product which i have used
Nice performance n value for money
Great Device for the price point
Excellent reached order in time
Excellent Phone at this price
Plz I need a mob snd it soon
Good working.......... But
This is a nice and feature rich mobile. I have used it close to a month and I'm generally happy with its performance. I have also added a 32 GB Class 10 microSim for space management. The front camera gives good selfie. The rear camera performance is satisfactory. These cameras are good for taking still images. If there is a slight movement of the subject, the photo gets blur. The processor cannot be compared to a Snapdragon processor in terms of performance. However, it does the job. I have not tried out gaming on this device. That is individual's choice but I feel it takes a toll on the processor. Some of the applications and the Chrome browser have been malfunctioning of late but I guess it is a software glitch and can be resolved. Overall, the phone is good value for money and is recommended for buyers looking for both economy and performance in a smartphone.
it is a very good phone..
Nice look and features.
Amazon best side thenks
The phone looks amazing. it has a sleek design and is very light. not very bulky to hold either. featuers are decent though a lot of unwanted apps that you cannot uninstall or hide. syncing contacts is also a bit confusing..you cannot sort them, mergo existing contacts..so basically if you have synced them to a google accoutn and on ur sim then you will have multiple entries with the same name/number. they have only 2 slots - one for your primary sim, second for your SD card OR a secondary sim. Lastly, I used the phone (brand new i assume) for exactly one week after which it stopped charging. the phone did not charge at all. Have given it to the service centre for repairs. Lets hope that once it comes back i face no more issues.
performance is good.
Amassing performance
Worth to be gifted.
its a amazing phone
very bad experience
look is very poor
It is nice phone
It is good phone
Its gud product
Excellent phone
Worth for money
good..satisfied
Nice phone...
Nice Product.
not very well
Nice working
worst mobile
Very nice..
nice phone
Cant start
good phone
Very Good.
Nice piece
Nice phonr
nice phone
i love it
Very good
Excellent
It's good
Its very wost product in micromax
Positive
Nice One
good one
Not bad
Phone looks nice but battery is only 2000 mah it's very less . And display is 4.7 inch not 5 inch... Prise is good
its ok.. the fact that i cannot factory reset it easily is a big thumbs down.. other wise its allright
Is the camera good? How much space is available for installing apps? Is there any heating problem?
Good
good
Good
good
Good
Good
Veary good
This is very nice mobile and having N number of advanced features. its very good.
its jus white...nt white gold.....dnt knw y r thy fooling peole lik this
Its amazing, feeling lucky enough to hv canvas knight cameo.
every nice to use......maximum options with less price
The phone lags too much... Which irritates a lot..
Heat problem i faced and subway also hanging
amazing phone big deal thumps up
Excellent phone all good except expandable memory u can't use dul Sim with memory card
Nice handset but poor battery back up
Super Product....Amazing Price
GOOD LOOKING PHONE. NICE UI .
Very good experience
verry nice mobile
nice phone
A decent phone in decent price
