B00M6T9NFQ
It is an excellent product with high performance.I recommend this item to anyone who desires to own an economically priced smart phone.
mobile is not so big, is ok who like smaller phones
Good entry level smart phone by Samsung
Bought for a senior citizen in the family first time using smart phone. Wanted to buy a 'good' brand hence bought this. What I liked about this model compared to Samsung Galaxy S series is that they optimized TouchWiz for this low spec phone and it is called TouchWiz-Essential now. It lags much lesser compared to a full blown TouchWiz on lowe spec phone. Should be good for the price (3.5k - 4k).
mobile size is good , small - but battery is no good power finishes in 4-5 hours also not so many calls , no 3G
A good phone,reliable samsung.fits both the budget and in the pocket if you are looking for a budget phone. wifi good. runs most games and apps without hanging. don't expect a rocket performance from a 512 MB RAM device.. Overall- OK, better than Bolt series from micromax
It is a good smaller smart phone in India. It is entry level smart phone in smart phone world. You can enjoy with it. THIS SAMSUNG MOBILE CAMES WITH 2MP CAMERA, 1300mAh BATTERY, DUAL SIM, 3.5" DISPLAY, 512MB RAM, 1GHz PROCESSOR, 4GB INTERNAL 32GB EXPANDABLE AND 4.4 KITKAT OS.
good with nominal price i really recommended to dear friends....
I wanted a low priced, simple, basic smart phone. This fulfills my expectations. However phone becomes very slow. So I am not loading any applications except whatsup and then and there deleting photos, conversations and call log.
Not interested for this mobile in without 3G Facilities. I will tottaly bad experience about this order
given at great price
working smooth, suitable for the ones who are trying to get grip over smartphones...
Its a nice phone..
Worth its value
NICE AND HANDY
it's very nice
in small amount a nice phone loaded with all android features.
Its good.
excellent
Same time mobile hanging :( wast mobile..
Back Cover is not good, overall OK
Mobile have Low battery problem
A simple and functional phone
nothing better at this price
Excellent Mobile for my dad
Its ok... i like it.
Very good product...
ok just satisfied
Worth for price
gud one ...
It's good
Nic
Nice Phone
Not good
Only 1300mah battery Camera is very poor quality... Phone dosen't looks premium and stylish , So don't buy it ... !!!
nice
