B00MTFU2UW
Hello This is my personal review of Micromax products. Micromax products promise to be very good but they are not that. Their specs are not same in the Product. We all want a low price good smartphones and micromax attract us because of its low priced Products. I switched from my samsung Phone to Micromax A104. The phone is not at all good. Its screen Quality is Very Poor, You cannon do even low gaming on this. Design is not that good as shown in the pics. Its sound system is Pretty well but not Excellent, I got a Kitkat update on this phone but after the update was installed the phone stopped working. Service I went to the service center the guy told me the Motherboard has a fault, I told him to replace it with a new but for saving his money he said to repair it, After the phone was repaired it worked well for a Single Day, After that when I dialed a number The screen gets shut and I cannot even End my call!!!!!!!!. After many resets phone is not working well Everytime Service center tells me to repair the Moherboard but never Replace that. Don't Go for this, There are many other phones in the market far better than this. Now I am using Redmi Note 4g its the best phone I have Ever used in a very low price. Price (9999)
After a long wait to buy a good brand phone with a balance of all thing and budget extension till 20k, i was disappointed. Then decided to buy MMX Fire 2 with a price tag of Rs 6309. A smartphone with 4.5inch display, quad core processor,1GB RAM with int mem of 1GB + phone mem of 1.5 GB, 5mp Auto focus rear camera with a bright flash and the premium feature of 2 front speakers is a steal deal at Rs 6309. Apart form that the battery is of 1900mAh , a full charge gives a backup of about 9-10hrs with heavy n medium usage. Front camera is ok. (Black Gold option looks awesomely stunning) Definitely a good deal at 6k, thank u amazon.in.
I bought it 3 days back on amazon. It is a very nice phone for a moderate user but not the best bet for a heavy user. Features of the phone are nice for that price. I haven't yet video-called any one. Though micromax claim it has 4GB internal memory, it only provides 800 MB for all applications: both preloaded and downloaded. It is an intelligent decision because 1GB RAM can handle only 1GB of applications. If we download more than that, the system may often crash. So, this mobile is working well by taking only the amount that it can handle. The internet is at full speed because of that. If we don't take more than what we can digest, our body works well. This is the hidden principle behind this phone.
My camera is not working after 2 Months from the date of purchase
Here is my review after using Micromax A104 for three months Pros ---- - A very good budget android phone with premium look - Dual front speakers which will give loud, stereophonic, clear sound (while playing music as well as ringing) - 1GB RAM which helps the phone to operate without any lags - Clear screen with good resolution - Very good primary camera with decent indoor & outdoor picture quality - Video capturing clarity is decent - Touch screen response is very smooth - Battery backup is good (2.5 days on average usage, 1 day on heavy usage) - Wifi, bluetooth transfer speeds are good - Has inbuilt proximity, temperature sensors - Missed call, message notifications on lock screen itself - Inbuilt torch application Cons ---- - Notification LED is not present - Headset music clarity is average Considering the price range, Micromax A104 is surely a value for money Android phone
I was initially hesitating to purchase this phone. I have used Samsung, Spice and Nokia phones earlier. I'm in love with this one. I'll tell you why - a) It looks like an IPhone. Yes, it has got a sleek, classy look. There's no need for a colourful back case. It looks fabulous without any addons. b)Never hangs. I use Facebbok, Whatsapp, Instagram all at the same time but the phone doesn't misbehave or heat up. c)At this price, what else do you expect. It is worth every dime. It has 3G facilities. My previous phone costs Rs 8000 but didn't have 3G . d)Fabulous sound. It has got dual speakers on either sides. A music lover's companion. e)The 5MP camera is nice with a great video recording. Drawbacks- Front camera is poor. Need a 16 or 8 GB memory card to store apps and files. Phone memory is unsatisfactory.
Nice product. the pros are the front speakers through which movie watching is a very good experience without using earphones. I had purchased A093 (canvas fire 1 ) also which also had front speakers. The ringtones are also audible when you are outdoors. I had bad experience with canvas 2 a110 q which has got bad speakers tIhrough which the sound is not audible at all while watching movies/hearing songs/ringtones. It has got good looks like that of iphone. The con is that with the cover, the phone is heavy. It takes quite bit of time for charging fully. The regular slim slot has got some problem. using the micro sim slot. heard that canvas fire 3 has come with corning gorilla glass which will be better than this.
this phone is the best phone u can get after micromax unite 2 at this price range, it is clearly awesome, the looks of the phone is much nicer than unite 2, its got crazy iphone look, if u r lookin for a beautiful phone this is the one for u
Re-writing my review. For the last one year, I had become a fan of Micromax. Cheaper phones, high configuration etc. I purchased 3 mobiles a tablet and a TV. All from Micromax. Exactly one year after I got the First Micromax phone (purchased on 18th March 2014, problem started 13th March 2015). (display issues, dead battery, no network) Another phoen purchased around april 2014 and problem started feb 2015. (display issues, dead battery, no network) Micromax customer care is pathetic. they wont help you at all. I tried reaching out to local micromax service stations in Hyderabad. 4 out of 6 addres given are fake and the contact numbers never work. Highly dissappointed with the experience. I can understand that I paid less when compared to branded devices, but this is pathetic. I'm never gonna buy any more micromax devices. enough spent. Thanks Micromax for letting me know how CHEAP you guys are.
Camera is great but battery backup when it was new it used stand for 1 day but day by day battery is loosing its life . sometimes it automatically reboots . the mobile which I had brought from flpkrt was damaged . so plz buy this phone leave this and go for Motorola smartphones where u get regular updates and which does not hang .
Canvas fire2 is good mobile in 5 to 6 k range. It is good looking and looks like I phone, screen resolution is good. Pros: nice looking, screen resolution, 1gb ram, Firing speaker, Superb camara, Cons: battery talk time is too poor. Just 210 minutes with internet use, Front cam 0.3,
I love the handset ... I was planning to gift it to my Lil bro on his birthday so I did it ...the handset was on discount at the time I've purchased the same so according to me fire 2 is really very good and handy and typing is also so smooth even the music sound is OK not good but overall it worth every single penny :)
fine phone, i myself is using Canvas A1, that's an amazing phone but this particular phone has some features likes loud sound, super elegant looks, it's meant for gift to my dad and sound is something he's more concerned with. sound quality is great, camera too is fine, lookwise WoW!! overall a fine phone.
Have gifted this phone for my bro for his birthday.as again with most of Miramax phones, it dame with loads of applications which was not usable, so disabled most of the apps. The bitterly life is improved thereafter. Reasonably priced phone with all necessary features for day to day usage
Amazing phone.. This phone has firing speakers which gives loud & clear sound than unit 2 . There was free scrach gaurd with this pack. Amazon delivered me this order fastly. I love amazon's service. You can buy this for a stylish look also. Lots of thanks to amazon.
I bought this product last month, at that tme everything is ok, but now back camera icon is disappeare may be i changed the settings, even i formatted the mobile and do the factory restore settings i can't get it back this have camera issues
EXCELLENT ........... gREAT pHONE at this price ....... stylish,.......... Timely delivery ....... delivered with in 4 days frm Delhi to Kerala........ Good Work Amazon ...Keep It Up....................
I had no idea dt 104 has 1GB ram. Otherwise i wd go 4 it but no worry bcz I bought mmx mad 94 which is also a awesome product by m max DZ ls a good looking awesome phn 6000 is very less price 4 dz product
Awesome product with a great deal in price thanks to amazon!! This mobile has all the best features along with dual firing speakers which is at itz best!! Panning to buy it , don't hesistate go for it.
Awesome Phone Under Budget. Bought for my mom. Nice handy beautiful body looks and power and volume control button. No hangs or lags after 40 days of use. simple amazing..
Cnnot say anything about performance because its so cheap and should not be compared with others. Its good looking phone just like an iPhone 5 Having cool system UI
Go for canvas a1 android one instead of this.
Worst product. It has an internal memory of just 700 mb. If you install 5/6 apps it will mal function.Secondly in sim slot there is an issue. Amazon should stop selling this.
I AM NOT SATISFIED WITH BATTERY PERFORMANCE,MOREOVER THE HANDSET GETTING HOT. . PLEASE SEND ANY SERVICE CODE FOR ANY COMPLAIN/REPAIR AT AUTHORISED SERVICE CENTRE
very good product...loving it.............
Body is of plastic material. I think my set was used before as it had the worst packaging. Head phones are cheapest. by the way whatever it is Amazon is fantastic
Not up to the mark, as its battery is worst.Mentioned that its 2k mAh but without any connectivity like no GPRs, no WiFi, no Bluetooth using its last till a day.
Great phone for this price..amazing..im really satisfied with the services of amazon..quick delivery.. Camera is superb..Full hd videos are just amazing...
This was not a good product.Battery is almost dead...10 Days replacement period is not sufficient for testing. After that i moved to Micromax Service Center.
Nice mobile. The keypad can be better. It is very difficult to type the keys at certain times. Rest camera is very good and all the other features are good.
Worth for the money.. This much features are affordable... In this price range.. And amazon gave a fast delivery... Before 2 days than promised date..
Decent mobile for maximum usage. Great!
All The Options Given in Micromax Canvass Fire2 (A104) Was Very Good and user option also very simple. Even 3Yrs Old My Son also Operating this Mobile.
Apps are good but battery life is short. Needs recharge within 4 hours on using the net apps. If used for calls/Sms it lasts for about 6 to 7 hours
mobile is good display is also good 5 mp camera is better battery is draining very fast i got the mobile of my requirement
In Micromax Series Micromax Canvas Fire 2 (A104) Black-Gold Is The Best Phone I Have Ever Experienced . Cool Configuration In Accurate Budget.
Its an average phone . The WiFi recepatbility is poor. Same WiFi connection status shows full in other phones but only one signal in my phone
Its a good mobile in quantitative price. But the one problem is that the battery is draining too faster while using the Internet.
Battery life is too bad keep charging all the time. Recently it got heated so much color got disappeared and display got change.
Great product which was gifted to my mother.. She has been very excited with her first smart phone.great features for the price.
great product from micromax..... i got this rs. 5400 it look like iphone but it's have smal heating problem...
Better to buy this phone that redmi1s or xiamoi cheated by flipkart by creating hype
Value for money, I couldn't expect that quality by Micromax but Really Product is two good Camera quality is too good.
Good product..worth the price
Nice phone at nice price..... Only dual sim sometimes don't work properly....works absolutely fine in other phones...!!
Micromax did a great job in Entry level budget phone segment with their Canvas Unite 2 earlier and it has been selling a lot thanks to the 1GB Ram and Kitkat on board. Canvas Fire A104,spec wise is the direct competitor to their own Unite2. #Specs and Review Display : 4.5-inch Capacitive Touchscreen - with FWVGA resolution of 480×854 pixels is OK. This is the same resolution seen in the Unite2 released earlier. Even though plastic made,Canvas Fire A104 doesn't look like a cheap chinese phone but it is bulky. Operating System : Android v4.4.2 (KitKat) OS - Mostly Stock Android with a few modifications from Micromax here and there. As always,Kitkat performs well. Processor and Ram :1.3 GHz Mediatek 6582 Quad Core Processor and 1GB Ram - Good enough for your day to day multitasking adventure. Mtk6582 is a proven chipset and is also seen on Canvas Unite 2 and various other budget devices.Many high end games can be played without much issues. Use medium graphics level if you find any of them lags a bit. Camera : 5 MP Primary Camera supporting Full HD recording ie 1080P,0.3 MP Secondary Camera .Camera performance is OK,just average as you can expect from a device at this price range. Battery : 1900mAh - can last through a day of average use. A heavy user would find it very difficult to last through the day. There is no complains here at all as many mid range phones, with double the price of this phone ships with a similar powered battery - For eg Moto G, Xolo 8x-1000 etc. # Misc Info 1) OTG is NOT supported 2) No Light Sensor. - Accelerometer and proximity are the only sensors on board. 3) Dual front facing speakers. # Verdict Since this a budget device under Rs 7000, there isn't much to complain about. Like Micromax's earlier Unite 2, this is also a good value for money device. Don't expect too much from the camera or from the display quality. If you are confused whether to choose this or Unite2, i would recommend to go for Unite 2 as it has been in the market for a while now and you can get better support if you run in to any issues.Unite 2 also has a light sensor,and weigh less than this.
Dear Sir, Regarding above, I had purchase a Canvas FIRE 2 phone from on 18th September 2014. Within 15 days, My phone is not access any SIM. I am going to said dealer and ask them but they are not responding properly. they are not taking any responsibility. I was going at your authorised Service point, they are said one slot of SIM damaged, it is repairable with charge of Rs. 450.00, But other Slot of SIM is not working. At the time of sale, A dealer and company has appreciate quality of phone, but i think they are giving false details. Quality of Micromax Phone is absolutely third class. company has giving warranty but when u complain for the micromax product, they are not taking any responsibility. I suggest all of you not to purchase any product of Micromax. deepak makwana
As my brother using this phone, he said features and looks are good as per price of the mobile. you can buy
Software error....The phone is restarting frequently. Felt with some motherboard issue!!! A104 F****
Excellent product in low budget !!! even higher price mobile has not the options that it has. I will recommend all to go for it !!!
Amazing phone with very good speed and clear graphics.. very good camera quality... Full Khush :)
this is my first experience with micromax , and it is really best Good job micromax
in this price level any phone can't compare this.. good quality, speed, looks is also awesome..
The Phone is amazing It's value for money and run smooth with less number of applications
The product is satisfactory as per its value but the 5MP camera is not good as expected.
I feel proud to purchase this Micromax A 104 mobile. I love very much this.
This phone is just amazing, full fills all my requiment in the lesser budget !!
I have brought A 104 from Cloudtel. I am happy with performance of the phone.
This very nise mobile.if u send another mobile for me.please send me reply
GOOD BATTERY ,STRONG BODY BUT LESS WAIT AVG PERFORMANCE NOT UP TO THE MARK
Looks pretty good and decent phone. Speed, display , RAM etc all are good
Superb♡ Thnk u amazon for ur coolest delivery Shopping experience was jus superb wth u Micromx product in ths cost .... awsom
No of times this piece A104 I hanged so I need u to replace a new piece
I am using fire2 from3 month. overall this phone is good in this price
Awesome phone hang ki ko complains nahi nice performance in law bught
Good phone ....beautifuly build ...average specs...No issues so far
Excellent product. Really impressed with the handling and features.
ONLY THE ROTATION IS SOMEWHAT COMPLICATED ....OTHERWISE ITS GOOD...
this is an excellent mobile for this price, something like iphone.
The phone runs good but seems to be quite bulky in the first look.
EVERYTHING IN THIS PHONE IS GOODS AND REASONABLE WITH THE PRICES
mobile is outstanding sound system is through headphone is bad
This phone is good.but problem its internal memory,is low,1gb.
Micromax Canvas Fire 2(A104) is best smartphone in this range.
its a very product thank you amazon for this good product..
very fast android kitkat phone 1 day 3 hour battery backup
A very good looking phone.. Its the best in this range ..
It is fine & good.It is goodlooking. I Like it very much.
i found it open without seal and looks like it was used
its too bad mobile.Not Install any game, software......
using this phone from last 1 month. No issue till date.
Battery back up is very less . Otherwise phone is good.
I like very much. I am enjoying now. very good mobile.
I return this item because this is damaged in camera.
very good phone for all purpose and quality vice.
Absolutely satisfied with the item and very handy
Touch not so effective...sound good.rest worthy
Not great but fine. Great service from Amazon.
Looks good n it's a good mobile at this price.
Gud one but camera quality is not impressive.
It is a very good smart phone with low price.
nice phone. please don't give to indiapost
dont buy
Excellent Phone at best affordable price.
nice one for the price good looking phone
nice look as i imagined prior to purchase
battery backup is very poor , need to charge twice a day .
Phone is gud but still price is not godd
very nice phone....thanks for amazon...!
its a nice and smart phone in good price
Very nice product. Decent performance
Good Product.....:) Good Price....:)
good no complaint everything is fine
Ok but batter is not upto the mark
Nice product and Service received.
Very Good Device at such a price.
excellent phone worth every penny
NIce Handset and timely delivery
So good mobile than Android one
so nice phone in this budget.
Indian brand raising competition for inernational brands. Less price and high end features. To become no. 1 in Indian market just need to improve theie after sales services.
good mobile for that price.
Amazing n nothing to say...
Hang problem in this phone
very nice. Quick delivery.
Superb phone at this price
Good handy and easy in use
Good fone. Good delivery
Good service good product
gud to use..i luvd it..!
Value for Money device
very very Nice Mobile
working fine till now
good phone good price
Bty poor..hanged alot
It's a good phone with some cons... Battery backup is just great. Screen doesn't gv a sturdy feel.. The worst thing about this phone is that it doesn't support most of the other good brand headphones like skullcandy etc. I hate it because of this.... I have searched on many sites and found that it doesn't support other headphones.. So u will have to go through streets and look for a headphone in roadside stalls.... I am upset.. Otherwise the phone is good for call, SMS, surfing, gaming, capturing photos etc.... Picture quality is decent for this price but 5 mp in other brand like Samsung Nokia etc are far better... Brand matters guys... Think once before spending your bulks... One problem I noticed after using six months---- apps get lost from shortcut folders on the homescreen... What the #$@%&.. The touchpad stops working sometimes.. Touch experience is not up to the mark..the company has compromised with the hardware inside.
Touchscreen is not good and Spare parts are very expensive. Phone having many issues still. Dont buy this phone.
gud . like apple ..
This phone one of the best phone introduced by micro max.I love this phone.1 GB ram give super fast operations without any lag.The front speakers give quality sounds.Space for the application is about 900mb there is many unwanted in built applications is there.Screen is good you will get high clarity.The phone is not huge not small we can handle it very easily.It have one ordinary Sim and one micro Sim.Gaming experience is good compare to the product of same price range.It battery is last for one and half day if you are a simple user.I would give.4.5 star for this phone.It's a good phone for your daily use and it have a classy look.you will love it
good for beginners
Good at this budget
great thanks amazon
BEST AT THIS PRICE
GOOD..BUDGET PHONE
Good phone for all
Good ph under 6 k
Very good product
I have received .
excellent product
very nice camera quality is amazing cheap and best good for all
Good quality camera, awesome phone to use. But back cover is slight soft
Awesome hand set
Good performance
Good Phone, best price as compared to others, Beautiful design with awesome spec.
Worth de price.
Excellent..!!!!
Very good phone
it good moblie
Only look is good, Touch gives problem.. It hangs, and restarts only after removing the battery.
v good phone.
Gud very gud.
greate phone
Better phone
nice looking
nice product
gud product
Good phone
Nice phone
good phone
Good phone
Best Phone in a Low Budget Category. It has a decent camera for normal usage. Best part about phone is sound quality and volume, design is like i phone. Phone is very fast. No lagging on playing a 60 MB + games. It has Android Kitkat. Screen is not HD, but good in this price bracket.
Nice elegant look,good battery back up(without using internet battery lasts approx 2 day otherwise it lasts 1 day back up dat is not bad at all).good rear camera at dis price,flash also enhances picture quality.front camera is worst but overall dis mobile looks like costlier mob.
Good Phone ....better at that rate and that too Indian how ever just unplug the charger from the phone before answering the call when charging as read in news papers ...."IMPORTANT : this phone comes with a scree guard inside the box so don't order a screen guard"
nic phone
good deal
i like it
Excellent
Very good
Satisfied
Excellent
Liked it.
It's cheap quality mobile. Touch not responsive Hard touch Poor display quality Dimm display Poor ui
At night picture comes very bad
Grreaswu
like it
Amazing
cool phone...u actually might wanna buy it...no issues at all...everything meets expectations..best part is the processing speed..absolutely more than a phone worth 6k. go for it..
Very Nice phone, Paisa vasool, i gifted to my mom, shes very happy, camera is very good. 1 gb ram, very fast mobile, Just go for it. Thank you amazon, thanks micromax.
Superb
I was bought mobile on this site. Really Awsome Mobile With Awsome Features... And Amzone Serviece is Too Good...
Not as i expected...the screen guard that i've recieved is already scrach and batery back up is very poor.
I like this phone very much. Great features in cheap price. So far no lag problem with multi tasking.
when i am install a app in micromax a104 there insufficient storage error coming now wt i will do
Good
Good
Good
Best
GOOD
Good
Nice
good
Good
good
Best
Amazing phone. Superb camera. Such a low price. Brought it for only ₹6,000. My best buy
gud
Good product but comparison of rate wiae unite 2 is good
good in features than other at this cost and looks good
Very Nice battery pack-up for a smart phone...
super phone for the price,got it for 5300 :)
Dint got meee i dpnt know about this phone
Nice product. Must buy . value for money
good phone at this range , the only problem headset is not good.
greater than greatest
Rating to me as 5 *
Jsttt awesommmm..
i need back case
EXCELLENT!
Change
Nice
Well
Really nice look phone while compare to other models.
it's fantastic
