B00M2UN8BE
This is an outstanding value! Firstly, Windows Phone 8.1 rocks so kudos to Microsoft for getting their act together finally. Just enter your Microsoft and other user ids and everything syncs seamlessly. You are good to go in no time. And the good folks at Xolo have put together a beautiful package here. The phone is fast and smooth. The display is gorgeous. They even threw in a screen guard and cover case as part of the package. And it is a really, really light phone! Everything works great and I am very satisfied.
Well, I bought this phone with lot of expection, but had to return on 2nd day itself since I found wireless problem in this. Wireless getting disconnected after sometime of use and doesn't connect again. After sometime it may connects on its own. Other issue noticed, poor signal strength, cheap built quality. I felt this phone cannot last more than a year, but I was looking for something solid at least which will last for two years. Moreover not satisfied at all.
The Best Phone.....Very very light phone ...and slim to works very smoothly and display is nice.
This is a Windows Phones.. the Features / Price and OS is great. But the Wifi is pathetic.. and always timesout.. we have 2 Nokia Phones at home and they are working great with the same Wifii.. not sure whom should i complain about this one..
1.Wifi connection: poor. 2.OS : not like Nokia features (Limited). 3.Touch pad: Not great. 4. Display: 312PPI (great one but no G2/3 class) 5. Battery: 2G-24Hrs, 3G-12Hrs
Nice model super features..... awesome light weight phone @reginable price
Gr8 phone. Light ,Durable , outstanding
This is a Windows 8.1 OS platform handset. Hand set is looking excellent, performance is excellent. But too worst in following features 1. Audio output is very very pathetic, even not giving an Audio output / quality of a basic phone which costs below Rs.1000/- 2. Ringtone volume is very very low and not even audible 3. Video streaming is worst 4. Some times handset is hanging 5. Handset sent for repair to service center with in 20 days from purchase.
Nice phone..
Super mobile
best mob
Awesome phone... light weight. .. smooth user interface Only con... weak wifi
PRos Beautiful seek sexy phone... Very light. Comes with screen guard, flap cover Value for money Con's Battery lasts one day 1800mA Screen resolution is less
