B00M3RIOJW
Hi, I got a new Gionee M2 White 8Gb delivered on October 12th. The phone didn't start after charging for almost 1 hour. Sad and disappointed with the faulty product, I had to ask Amazon for a refund. I hope other people dont suffer something like this. I was so happy that I will have a new phone before I leave town for a vacation but now I have to go without a phone and it has ruined my vacation. I really didnt expect such bad service. I am waiting for the refund and I hope Amazon takes strict action against faulty product sellers.
I am using the 4GB version since April and very happy with the set. Its usp is battery which lasts more than 2 days in heavy usage and around 3 days in normal. Which makes it bit bulky. If you want a light phone then dont cry while charging it every 12 hrs. It is the price you have to pay for powerful battery. Only 2 cons I faced so far. First - Display viewing angle on top is not good. And second, the default widgets dont work on 3rd party launcher (but works on MiUi ) I use doodle launcher and it gives the phone a great look. Other than that, great value for money. It never hangs or heat up. Love it.
IN THE PRODUCT SPECIFICATION, ITS WEIGHT IS ONLY 122 GM. BUT THE ACTUAL PRODUCT I GOT IS VERY HEAVY. IT WEIGHS MORE THAN 1/2 KILO. ONE SIM SLOT IS MICRO SIM, BUT IT WAS NOT MENTIONED IN THE SPECIFICATION. XOLO Q 900 WHICH I HAD EARLIER WAS MORE SLIM AND MORE BEAUTIFUL
Performance as expected!!! Wow battery life ..no lags and the picture quality is also good for this price range. No lags in heavy graphics games..very satisfied works like a charm..
# Main Highlights 1) 4200mAh Battery - Can easily last 2 days of very heavy usage. 2) Quadcore - Mtk6582M processor 3) 1 GB Ram 4) Android 4.2 Jellybean. (Update : M2 is gonna get Kitkat update.) 4200mAh battery is unheard in a device shipping at this price range. The other 2 handsets that ships with similar battery are Lenovo P780 and Xolo Q3000,but both are priced much higher than this. Due to the huge battery it needs to accommodate,the device is bulky, and a little heavier than other smartphones. The display is a 5 inch one with a resolution of 480 x 854 pixels,which is not that great,but OK. The viewing angles are also not that great. The processor/gpu combination is powerful enough to play many of the games without much issues and the jellybean on board runs smooth. Gionee has opted to ship this with a custom UI instead of Android stock UI. # Some Misc Info This is a dual sim phone - One is the normal sim slot, while the other is a micro sim slot. OTG is not supported Sensors on board - Accelerometer,Magnetic Sensor,Light Sensor,Proximity Sensor,Orientation sensors. Capacitive buttons are not back-lighted always. # Camera Impressive for the price. 8MP rear camera takes good pictures. When it comes to video department,this can shoot 1080P videos at 30fps. #Benchmark Scores Quadrant ; 5800 Antutu : 17200 Nenamark 2 - 55fps. # Verdict - Overall a great handset with a huge battery that can easily last 2 days of heavy use.Real Value for Money. This one is an 8GB edition,there are 4GB editions available on Amazon priced a lil lesser.
Superb Mobile with great features.. I am very Impressed with the features & performance of the phone. Extra Smooth touch screen, Awesome look, Powerful battery, no need to worry about battery or carry a powerbank. Phone itself is powerbank. 8GB Internal memory, 8 MP camera, 1GB Ram.. & comes with good quality cover & screen guard....I was like WOWWW No mobile company provides there great features in 10k price. Very Unique features have been Given by Gionee. Thanks GIONEE. I did not expect these features in 10k. This phone has given me beyond expectation. I am user of Expensive Cell Phones. But I am very much happy for this purchase. First time I got value for money in Mobile. Looking to buy one more as a gift. Ideal product. Good Seller & Thanks AMAZON got it delivered within 24 hrs.
I brought this product from amazon, great service.. Got in 1 day. When I got this phone, I was really happy because this was my first android phone. This phone does it's job very well. This phone has a huge battery backup. If I play games and do surfing and whatsapp and fb continuously, even then it battery lasts for full 1 day (any other phone below Rs.30000 will be dead in 8-9hrs). I have some high intensive games on it like Asphalt 8, MC4, NFS MW, The Dark Knight Rises, etc. And all work fine. Although, I have experienced 1-2 phone hangs but its common with android mobiles. Camera is averagely good but camcorder is poor. Resolution doesn't make much of difference in daily use. It plays 1080p movies very well. And also have some additional features which you will not find in other smart phones like each and every app and its data is movable to external SD card. Overall, this is best phone in its price range after Asus Zenfone 5 (it wasn't released when I brought this mobile and also it remains out of stock all time). So close your eyes and go for it... ;-)
Be careful. Weight of 122 grams is without battery. Also Gionee has not provided any android os updates whatsoever . so basically you will be stuck to 4.2 till the time you use this phone. I also did not like its screen clarity and the app icons appear very rough. Only advantage is the battery back up. It lasts long. Net net, at around 10k, this phone is a waste. There are better options available at lesser price
good mobile, good battery life, good camera, internal memory, screen, price, average music system i bought it for my wife....so its very large mobile and she can`t keep it in her pocket so she gives it to me to keep it safe in my pocket....thats the drawback of this mobile for me.....lol by the way good service by amazon.....
Very good mobile and super long life battery. That is amazing.... Don't hesitate, if you like the config and the appearance, go for it. It's worthy
When u rate something u rate based on price you paying and the services you have got from the product.. I wanted to give M2 3.5 rating.. The only flaw in the phone is its camera.. Even at 10.5k we deserve better camera output... Built quality is decent n battery backup great... It just goes ON n ON... Not sure if u can travel comfortably with the heavy phone... But some people can.. So its personel choice..
cons: screen is TFT is big problem... in some angle view is not clear n blackish... pros: battery is good music is good
Excellant Camera Quality & Battery life. Music Player & Head Phone is Nice. Overall it's a Value for Money. I am very Happy customer
great phone i got delivery in just 1 day great amazogn .awesome battery back up ani fb twitter whats app is already preloaded
Superb Phone. Battery is amazing. I would recommend this phone to anyone who are looking to buy this phone.
Awesome battery backup. Play games and watch videos without worrying about the battery. Camera is so so.
very good phone but if u can use a phone with a standard battery life than go for asus zenfone 5
Delivered on promised time. Mobile is good on battery and other apps. Overall 100% satisfied.
i am so much satisfied with the delivery..my first order with mazon and they are awsome
1 word awesome. Battery phone. Lasts for 2 days. Great features. Thanks gionee
superrrrrrrr mobile value for ur money compare to moto g and asus zenfone 5
The mobile phone is performing as advertised and as the reviews say. The bloatware is actually not coming in the way but enhancing the experiance. Touchscreen is non gorilla glass so a extra screen is required. The feel or touch on the glass is not as good as the higher devices like nexus but it is not an irritant. For the price the hardware is just right. I hope they further strengthen the customer experience by updating to 4.4.4 android instead of current 4.2 The camera is a sore point with lot of noise. Call quality is alright. Battery back up ... it used 0% for a 8 hour standby. 25% 10 hours. I am happy. Will suggest it to someone looking for a good android phone
Good phone. Battery 4200mah is useful. rest specifications are common
Great battery and display too. I am getting 3 days without charging.
Its amazing phone to use. ....its 4200 mah battery is amazing. ...
What a battery life.most important part of a mobile is taken care.
it's good..but iy came with lill black mark on baxk..
Good features and the battery backup is amazing.
The phone is good. I bought it for the battery.
Best mobile in the world market battery bakup
Just in 2 months charger is not working.....
Product is awasome but some time it hangs up
Its Very gooooooooooood mobile, go for it
Very Nice Look and battery backup.
awesome phone awesome amazon......
no problem in product and service
Excellent phone and the service
Awesome battery backup
good & battery ok
excellent product
Very nice mobile
Nice phone....
Nice phone
Very good
Great Buy
V GOOD
Excellent mobile ,but ithink a in market it is slightly overpriced,fast delivery by amazon ,only pros in this is marathan battery nothing more at this price
Good
nice
Nice
the piece was good, looking like 21'' tv. with clear icions. my friend was very satisfied with the product. now most of the time in whatapp and good.
Hahaha... I am so happy to describe here that my cell got stolen the very next day I received from amazon. Funny thing is the thief roams freely around my eyes and police do nothing. Probably I will kill him
I should have gone for another Lenovo P780. I had one hence I tried to buy this but it's not worth that much money. Bulky, Real bad user interface (you do not have an option to even slow down notification ringtone, there is just one volume, same for ring tone and same for all notifications), so your whatsapp notification ring will have same volume as your ringtone. Real bad deal, bad build. Looks like plastic crap. Will NEVER suggest anyone to buy this.
