B00MVXGCMY
awosome look and feel of the product at this price. When I hold the phone out it is a show stopper and lots of sideby people enquired about the model. Technically, really good performance, fast, good voice quality, long battery(whole day with heavy 3G usage and i travel long journeys in trains). Only drawback is out of dual sim only one sim support 3g while other is bound to 2g only. Camera is not that good. Dont worry about overheating, these days every phone has these issues coz of over 1 GHz multicore cpus (without a fan) this is the cellular world's problem not few products problem. A real deal for this price and a killer slim look.
I like the product. Its Sleek. If you are a gaming freak, then its your wrong choice because of its heating problems. For Amazon's service its awesome.......
Over all its at present date . but i can not say after a few months . Because a number one product may hit back after new products come in the market
Product is very good but servicing is big problem. Will take more than 40 days to get back. Even if it is under warranty
100% China mal local product
Very poor Product. When I bought this product after 1day phone is heat and not chartering. I return this phone and refund
Just wonderful set... want another to buy at rs 6997 only.. as bought previously.
It's a nice phone but the camera is not as good as expected. and the front camera is just worst. however the phone is average with that features but the battery life was also too little of just 1 day with a lot of subway surfer.
Awesome handset with minimum price and maximum features. Battery backup is good. Battery lasts for 1 and half day with average use. happy... :-)
Xolo Q600s mobile is Economic.
My headphone is not working
Gud bt low battery backup
Very good phone
One word description of the phone- Incredible and awesome.
very nice pnone, good result in camera.
What about flipcover ? Given or not...
so good
It is very good phone compare to samsung phones
If flip cover given or not ?
Very very good mobile to use
Nice budget phone with 1 GB RAM. Compare to xolo A600 the camere clarity of Q600 is awesome. Touch sensitivity also superb....
superb mobile.......
Touch is not good
its nice
Headphone jack not working
The xolo q600s its a good qulity picture....and xlent perfamence...average battery back up....android speed is good....low budget cost...
Back cover faulty, no better sound quality , rear camera best , xolo anti theft nice apps
Great phone. Definitely worth the price. Games run really well.
awesome mobile in this price range... go for it...
Ok. Nothing great. Ok for the price
Super product in right price
smart price smart phone
i love it
Good
