B00M2VP1NQ
This phone sucks , amazon vendors , or lenovo cheats every buyer . The fone always need a restart to catch the network . Initially I was not able to understand that its the issue with network provider or the device but after testing it for sometime I finally know that the Device itself is the faulty and cultprit one. If anyone calls to this device is always says fone is either switched off or unreachable , while after restarting it again , it catches the networks for sometime . Its has very frequent network catching issue , which I dont know if Hardware's issue or its OS issue. Lenovo , or amazon guys please fix my issue after reading this I will never recommend anyone to buy this S850 unless they really solve my issue .
Please don't go for this phone. I have ordered this phone ignoring few reviews about network issue. But unfortunately I also faced the same issue. Mobile is not detecting network for even normal calls. Going on and off. I have requested for return within two days.
Very nice mobile. Excellent Front and Rear camera. Good battery backup. 16-18 hrs with wi-fi/Data on. Style statement. A must buy better than moto g n asus zenfone 5.
I purchased this phone 3 months ago! Performance is just awsome! Design is fabulous! Build material is very good! Battery backup lasts for a day! Camera is too gud! Crisp image quality! Display is also good! Last but not least, the lenovo iluminating logo gives premium look to dis device, thanks to lenovo for such a wonderful product! :-)
nice phone,, not good hardware in the hood. build quality and aesthetics are good.
its a very good phone. received it in 3 days. camera, call quality and and lenovo ui is awesome. only thing i didnt like is that the whole menu is displayed onto the home screens rest everything is good about this phone.
Its a very good phone its camera is awesome first I was afraid because everyone was saying that it not catch signal yaa it is but now it catches its signal strength is increasing day by day it is a outstanding phone
Lenovo S850 is very good, functions very smoothly. But its memory cannot be upgrade by Micro SD Card.
This phone has good speed, its screen, navigation is good but i has two issues, - If network changes, many times it doesnot detect the network, it needs to restart again.If there is no attention on phone I miss some important calls. It also happens if there is low network. - Its contact manager does get slow and it takes more time to search the contacts and make calls.
really good phone to buy but if you use WiFi continuously phone will heat up,,still wonderful phone. Camera clarity awesome.Great for selfies and touch is incredible.overall great phone.i luv it :)
Awesome product from Lenovo. All features are good and this phone has appealing look. Its fast and camera quality is best in class. Front camera is 5 Mpxl but i bet this is for sure expertise work. Sound quality is mind blowing. Over all i will rate this phone as best phone in the market for this price range.
i love this but there is no magnetic compass in this.....rest is fine and it is excellent !!!
Does the job . Don't have to pay lot of money for Samsung . Go for this or micromax brands.
Its a very gud phone that u can buy in mid range price I gotthis phone a month before nd its working fine and about the network connectivity there is security app that u need to disable after that everything works fine .... Like it
its not a god for net work, just it is used as a camera & ipode, it good, I Advise the buyers not buy this phone because the network is disconnected continuously, if network is thre the phone is not getting the incoming calls, But Camera & phone look is very good
Purpose of the Mobile is to have better Network. it's not supporting 3G Network since it is purchased. and even on 2G Network is not supporting properly, during the day atleast 5-6 time i do restart My handset to have Network, I even replaced SIM Card to solve such issue. but no improvement. Don't Buy this. Extremely Request. In Central Suburb only 1 Service center available which is at Dadar. it is also difficult to reach there in their timing.
Smart looks,awesome feel,superb camera and great battery backup. Overall a marvelous phone and an excellent deal@12500 with 10%cashback guarantee But! But! But! A wise advice that get it insured immediately I had to pay 6000 for repairing an accidental damage
Network is very bad in the system every time i have to restart the phone for getting network when it goes out or out of range. some time network goes out automatically even phone in network range. Back camera quality is also very bad looking like 2MP camera.
i liked this phone feature wise, Camera is good. but it is having one major issue.. it is having network issue. phone got disconnected after some times. Every time phone has to switched off to reconnect with network.. which is making this phone worst for use.
This phone has 2 slots for sim. slot 1 support 3g and slot 2 support only 2g. Slot 1 does not recognised by mobile after 2 days of working. Slot 2 wont register automatically when net work swith between states. So you can use it for only 2g.
Lenovo S 850 is a good value for money handset. The resolution and camera are good and battery is reasonable, lasts almost 2 days with heavy use. Amazon delivered next day and accepted payment at home with card swiping machine, hassle free purchase !
*brilliant build quality *gorilla glass makes it look premium *some features are really awesome like mercury keyboard, smart answering, slide to unlock, wide touch and sure the notification bar etc *working really good (used it roughly but doesn't even hanged once) * battery backup is really awesome works atleast 1 and half day *take very less time to get charge *camera is pretty good but not that much clarity like other sony phones which got 13mp coz it got original Sony sensor but I'm satisfied (you won't regret it) *peoples are complaing about the network issue but i don't have any network, battery drain or any phone get heated like these issue. *the lighting logo is funny but i like it. *no memory slot but you won't regret it, it gives 11.58gb and it works great for me. #OVERALL GREAT PHONE IN THIS PRICE #VALUE FOR MONEY :) Note : if you find any network issue or battery drain issue just upgrade your firmware to the latest one Step 1 : Open setting Step 2 : About phone Step 3 : System update Step 4 : Download and install #keep updating untill you get the latest firmware hope you won't find any issues after that. #PEACE :)
Only problem taking clicks while in zoom. but that's a negligible con compared to the overall performance of this masterpiece.. *Rear LED is the center of attraction of it. *great designed body sandwiched between glasses. *Can make great portraits with Lenovo 13mp rear camera and can make out a master selfies or groupfies with 5mp front cam. *1.3quadcore and never hanged even while gaming. *sufficient 1GB RAM and a great interface with lenovo kitkat OS. *Reliable 2150mah battery with expected backup(3days for min use,1day for normal use, and if u leave it without use, it lasts more than 10 days ). *useful inbuilt apps like shareit syncit driverapp txtrebooks youtube Skype..etc *reasonable price simply its a handsome player of its range.. it gave me satisfaction more than expected.... better if its provided expandable memory slot. a thin protective case given by manufacturer is good and attractive.. but its hard to find any other case to purchase outside.
Not recommended! Within 45 days - the phone has developed a hardware problem. Had to handed over to service center for repair. Hard to get in touch with customer service equally difficult to reach the service center in pune.
Its an Awesome Product if Lenovo can look into one issue. Only SIM1 slot has 3G access but most of the time network coverage is less than 50% in that slot. So not able to use 3G properly. SIM2 always gets full coverage.
Don't purchase s850 because not batter than s660. And there is include battery in this handset. So u can't change it if problem in battery. No good results of camara. I request all please do not purchase it....
Picture quality is good. Overall phone is OK. Drawback is photo is displaying in small circle for incoming calls & for out going calls, its not all displaying the photo attached to contact number.
brought it used it the best excellent camara
Network problem made this product bad......otherwise it was a nice product by lenovo..... The network issue can be solve by shifting your sim from slot 1 to slot 2..... If u are not using 3g data.
Had gifted the phone to my sis! after about 15 days time found that its switching off automatically once in a while! going to return it or get replaced asap! Expected better from Lenovo!
The Only Problem with this phone is that resolution is not that much good and got hang very frequently., I Like the phoen as iam not much of techie person, But its processor is bit slow.
It is a very good phone for this price. The camera quality is brilliant. Audio and video quality is very good. I didn't find any issues initially. Overall it feels like a premium phone.
Best phone in this price range. Best look. Best feature. Looks Smart, Too Handy. The free cover available in this package is very unique and nice. 5 star rating from my side.
Well a good handset to buy no such issues till date just one single problem, that is its covers are not available in the market otherwise the phone is working exceptionally well.
This is the worst phone in best design. I have purchased this to gift, but it has severe network problems. We have to switch it off and on 4 to 5 times a day to get network.
Awesome phone......more than value for money!!
i have purchaesd this 4 month ago but it is not a good phone it have network problems,. dual sim are not working properly. i not recommend this phone to any one.............
with in 15 days of buying a produt frm amazon the screen of lenovo 850 has stop working .u people sell product such that having problem.and earn profit.By fooling customer
Although main camera is of 13 mega pixel but its quality is not satisfactory. External memory micro SD card support is also absent as such very limited memory is available.
it is awesome mobile.. very good performance
Phone is really good, Back cover given by the company is not of good quality. Some times RAM also seems low. repeatedly required to close applications for proper working.
giving this review after 1 month of use...great phone..never hangs..great experience it has no problems till now and i love it..must buy and best phone in this range...
Its a awsm mobile. Its having killer look & I love this mobile but little bit prblm which I faced is netwrk issue other wise its awsm mobile.
phone is nice.. but it is facing network problem. in 2g mode it is functioning properly, but when turned to 3g mode it is difficult to achieve the signal
I had used this mobile for few days and i love it... Camera is just awesome but not be in night time... The mobile features are all awesome...
Must buy this phone... Battery backup is little less with continuous net use but without it....its good.no hangups.excellent pictures. Overall a 5 star.
Its been nice having my new mobile. First I had problem with camera but then it was fixed. 13 mp has such a great clearity. You should buy this phone
Battery charging is required on daily basis.on the back side of the mobile,lights continuously blink on the word Lenovo.I don't know how to fix it.
Awesome phone ... But only concern is no expandable memory, 16gb internal is good but only 11.5 GB is available so...I think its less for storage. The phone build is good looks stylish has an led LENOVO display at which adds to the beauty. One more thing I will would like to mention here us the case which lenovo provides, it breaks very easily
Awesome device. It is so easy to use. No lag. Awesome battery. Lasts me the entire day on 3G. Full to Paisa Vasoool phone.
Mobile is getting stuck while using app's. Until I touch whatsapp or hike icons, messages are not getting loaded. Checked with both app settings, but still facing the same issue. Also apps not getting downloaded by Playstore, I use 3G and I am able to browse using chrome and other web browsers. Keypad doesnot disappear even after I exit message, whatsapp and hike. Until I restart my mobile, keypad will not work.
nic. but the earphone was defected.
Lenovo S850 is one of the most value able phone I ever seen. Very good camera clearity... And good battery back up.
Its a beautiful hardware, glass body looks great, but os is little bit slaggy.its Looks good in hand and display is stunning.
Network problems in this hardware. Returned this to Amazon within 24 hours. Amazon delivery was great. Settled for MOTO G 2.
Good product from a top-class brand (Lenovo) at an affordable price. Best in looks with a glass-looked finished back..
It was a good purchase. Touch is so good. Both cameras are excellent. Huge size in just Rs. 11250. Good investment overall.
bhattery is getting finished in couples of hours. charging is very slow. also the package was already open.
I used this phone. Good looking phone. Performance issue one GB ram is not enough to handle its graphics and processing.
Everything is okay Excellent camera quality and feature but sometimes problem with signals u have to restart .
Comparing to all it was best
Battery is not good its having a strength of per day only 3hour only when using internet... Only for this mobile....
I am not satisfied with courier delivery. In productwise it's some time tower problem is coming. otherwise it is ok
This is awesome phone....touch is very nice...and. Camera is very very very nice ....and bettry back up is good....
Worst phone....THis phone have a bad network problem ,,,,,no proper service or any solution for network problem..
Do not buy this phone. it is not able to do the basic function it is meant for. Phone looses the cell phone network while showing full network strength on scree. it only when you try to make a call you come to know phone has gone offline.then you need to restart the phone connect back in the network.
nice mobile nice features. camera was awesome processor speed was also good. best mobile in the price below 11000
Got this phone from a local dealer. It's a good mid-range phone neglecting a few con's. Pros : 1.Camera - 13MP rear & 5 MP front camera with a very good quality. 2. Look - Phone is slim and very attractive. 3. Fast processor. Cons : 1. Network : The phone needs to restart often to get range for Sim 2. No memory card ∫ernal memory just 16GB. 3. Irremovable battery gets full charged within 2 hours but hardly lasts the day on continuous use.
The phone looks good. the battery life is decent. But There is a lag in opening apps or folders with more apps.
In total mobile is awesme. display, sound & camera quality is superb. built quality and size combination looks great. I m totally satisfied from my lenovo s850 thanks amazon. I give 5 stars if features like removable battry, expendale memory card facility incorporated in product.
I GOT LENOVO S850 BEFORE ONE MONTH, AND IT IS WORKING IN PROPER CONDITION. NO COMPLAIN ACCEPT BETERY BACK UP
Very cool phone.. Easy to handle..... Nice battery backup...... Very gud camera clearity.....
Features, Design, Durability.. Worth for its money... Should wait and see how it performs in the long run..
This phone is good but the problem is the catching power of network is less. Other wise I will give 5 star
Amazing Phone Good battery life, good camera, super display quality, sleek design Best mobile under 20k
I'm really happy with the purchase of this phone. Amazing features , great sound quality , v good camera.. Its an easy phone with great easy price, I would give it 5 stars and Amazon has great service , got my phone with in 2 days of order.. Thumbs up fr both....
Its a great product.. Thanks a lot.. I received it on time from Amazon and keep up the good work. Cheers
some person review is in this phone network problems but is not wright . you can change your mobile setting settings->more-> mobile networks->network mode ->select only 2G network. after this setting no any problem about network.
Look wise and operating system is too good I face one problem range problem please look carefully
Overall good phone at this price Both rear and front cam are really superb Looks like iphone
overall its a nice phone,before u buy check for more reviews for phones under the same price range
Mobile hangs frequently and network is unavailable at that time. Rebooting is required everyday.
EXCELLENT SET AND REAL VALUE FOR MONEY. THANKS AMAZON FOR EXCELLENT SERVICES. KEEP UP THE IMAGE
Phone was amazing I loved it a lot my friends have taken this phone after having a look at mine
Rear & Front both Cameras are good, but SIM network detection and Wifi detection connection problem, sometimes needs to reboot mobile for network search. Without SIM network its only a Camera. I waste my money... :( :'(
Great Phone With Great Touch, Great camera , Great sound Great Look ... Go For It
Its an awesome product guys ...smooth processing and camera quality is also pretty good ...
Amazing phone it is. I'm surprise why people facing problems such as network, battery etc. Excellent cameras front as well as back. both side temperd glass.glossy look.very nice phone......I'm highly recommending this phone.....
Facing network related issue. Whenever network changes it gets hanged until restart mobile.
Good phone,only issue is battery..Battery will remain for 15 hours with minimal net usage
dont take this phone
Superb phone slim and very Stylish phone smooth touch pad, speedy performance
THANK U FOR THE EARLIEST DELIVERY, AM STARTING USE OF THIS PRODUCT NOW. HOPE MUCH MANY.
really good phone at this price range. best performance and best camera quality in both
It was a Lott more than my expectations.. It gave me a satisfaction of selection I did
Its a good phone...but the only thing that hampers me is the battery life and RAM size
Nic phone... front cam is good for selfies..... but rear cam is not good that much...
I brought this on 28th evening of august 2014, the key features are 1) big HD screen 2) awosome battery lyf 3) super fast processor 4) lenovo anti virus & anti theft enable 5)sound quality is good too with airpieces also But what i dislike : 1) camera quality : primary camera of 13 mp but I'll rate it 6.5/10 & secondary of 5 mp is 8/10 But this is good phone that a blind man can purchase
Issue with signal catching. .similar problem was observed in my friends mobile aswel
Phone is good with all features but have major problem with network and internet...
Awesome mobile.. Worth buy.. Quality b pics as taken from higher version cameras..
It is good product . However you can not use external SD card for extended memory.
it is good phone but it is having network problem need to restart again and again
Good phone at awesome price but very slow in internet surfing and data downloads
no need of confusion buy today itself. 100% gurentee for both s850 & amazon
Front camera is baddd. 13 mp in only name. Rest is good. Especially front camera
very fantastic device at very best price and nice service by amazon.............
Great Phone TObe Used .....LOved It....Lookwise 10/10 ....best through Lenovo...
It is a really very good phone..and can fulfill all the expectations with phone
Love the phone... Nice look and worth for money.. Camera quality is very good..
Lenovo s850 amazing budget product. I recommend buy this product up to 15000...
Dear S850 users, I started using this phone from last 3days, it has got good look and performance too; however, it has a software glitch in Network. wherein, the caller will be getting the switched off notification from the other end but the network will be full. Please help me how to overcome from this problem. Thanks - Santhosh1981@gmail.com
Awesome cell. Phone ....I was Looking for a cell phone who met all my needs ..
Awesome mobile and awesome delivery i'm giving 5* for your service and quality
Mobile totally probulam sim tra single sim only using .camera clarity not bad
Camera quality is superb. Light weight body with good performance. Loved it.
Superb .picture and sound quality and speed each and evrything is too good
Not happy. No port for extrnl memory card, no port for otg cable, very slow
This phone your site was looking very slim but phone thickness was double
Good to use. But should have slot for external memory also.
It is creating some problem we try in getting touch with u but no help
network prblm..
Fully satisfied
Lenovo s 850 is a very good mobile and deliver y of amazon is superb
Nice smart feature an smart fone I am fully satisfy buying this fone
NYC phone and suberb I love it Better than Samsung s4 mini
Phone is good . White Back is Fingerprint magnet. Unable to find good covers with options in market. Battery is good until now and lasts three days initially with minimal use. With average use the battery comes down to 30 % on day 2 And with heavy usage of internet , whatsapp and pics it comes to down to 60% in half a day. Touch is good but not the best The keys on the bottom get touched while typing messages at times. Front Camera is excellent. Back Camera is good outside and average inside. Overall a Good product with excellent screen and resolution
This is a very good phone with this small price delivered by amazon
Superb phone ... It came with a good cover.. Camera is average..
worth the price however some software issue needs to be resolved
The handset had led display defect and stopped working on 2nd day itself. Lenovo is not ready to even replace the item
This is one of the best phone in terms of all specifications.
Its good on camera and so, but it is very bad in memory wise
Device warms up continuously not happy with amazon service.
It has some network issue. Lots of Fluctuations in Signals.
I loved lenovo mobile as better performance with good price
Nice mobile from budget price.... Happy to have this.....
My expectations fulfilled.1GB ram,1.3GHZ Processor.Good.
How to open battery. . And cane ve add additional memory
The best at the price. ... perfect. Camera is awesome..
good Mobile
Very good product by Amazon at low price.Working fine.
amazing but network issue some time overall excellent
This is a good phone but battery back up is very low
Nice one. I am very much satisfied this Lenovo s850.
Very good phone but little expensive very satisfied
I'm not satisfying with camara and battery back up.
very nice set &rate wise good looking just i phone
I bought this phone a week ago and used one day delivery option which was delivered within time ....great service from amazon....the phone is perfect piece in its category even for the similar quality you may have to pay around 6000-8000 bucks more in brands like Samsung & Sony...... Both camera(s) are pretty cool. Display and touch very nice Looks .....faaadu hai You will get screen gaurd and safety case for free...impressive Back lenevo led makes it a bit different Battery back up ...yet to check properly... Buts seems good. Overall a must buy piece in this amount of money............AWESOME!!!
FANTASTIC PHONE.NO OTHER SMART PHONE HAS THAT MUCH APPLICATION THAN LENOVO S850
Very light to use lot of accessories with the set
Really does it have any network catching problem?
Awesome phone and delivery by Amazon .... love it
Nice phone...But battery seems to be a problem..
Nic enjoed usin it awesome facility in low price
Network issues.. And need 4hrs to full charge..
i love this phone worth for money n good camera
There is some network problem with this mobile
I liked the product its a 5 star rated product
looking good good price n good display quality
I purchased this phone on diwali last year, in my opinion it is far better than other phones in this price segment,it looks very premium .front camera is awsm for selfies and rear camera is also nice...it doesn't handle heavy games but good for mid level games...display is good...has good battery back up....on the whole good phn with killer looks...
I m happy with the price and the product . :)
the features of the smartphone are quite good
No 1 can replace amazon....extremely amazing
Good product by lenevo in giving this range.
lot of issue with network ,also unreachable.
Good product but services is not that much
Very good mobile and delivery is very fast
good set
Marvellous phone . amazon did good job.
Good phone, very fast delivery by Amazon. After 15days of use i cannot hear from the other side, whenever i need to talk i need to switch on the speaker, then it is audible. I didn't expect this with a new phone which was amazon fulfilled.
phone is ok but amazon service very bad
Best phone..using it past many months.no network issues.. Camera is fabulous
good product no complaints good timing
Its battery discharges in short time.
Its goods I m happy to buy this phone
two sim card cannot work in pararelal
Nice phone and best rate from amazon.
Value for money. Good looks and specs
This is amazing phone ....Super phone
Low price good phone quality is good
Good quality..... Good price........
Not so good compared to motorolo G2
This phone is very light in weight.
Very Good Product and prompt seller
This phone is worth for the money.
Mobile is very light weight, which i liked it alot, even though i have made an extra payment for the fast delivery of the product the seller couldn't make it out to the day it was mentioned, apart from that everything is good.
Looks better than specifications.
very nice mobile very nice camera
Netwark signal is very very poor
Nice Phone working awesome......
I like that mobile, wonderful...
Nice phone meets my requirements
Cool and rocking phone.I like it
Awesome product at decent price
Great Product, Value for Money.
A good phone in the price band.
Phone is good. Value for money.
Nice product . value for money.
Simply awesome and a must buy .
It doesn't battery backup well
Nice Phone.. Excellent looks..
Lenovo s850 is Network problem
Excellent ph for decent price
Awesome experiecse of shoping
Very nice phone...go for it!!
Super phone, Value For Money,
Awesome look..fantastic camera, best camera within 20k. Great performance. Must buy. I m using this for last 2 months. -Sunit. sunitdas7464@gmail.com
I liked it.. its really good
Best cell phone in best rate
Facing network issue in this
good one at this price range
Excellent phone,right choice
Overall a very good package.
Best Product and Best Price
Great product good delivery
LOVE TO HAVE SUCH A HANDSET
SMART Phone ..... Very Good
Amazing phone at this price
Product not received even after innumerable attempts of contacting Amazon.in and Bluedart. Worst experience ever!!! Client centric firm... really??
Best phone for this price.
its good. I recommend it..
Nice one. Value for money.
I really loved this phone.
Good mobile for the price
This is best mobile phone
picture quality not worth
A good quality product...
nice phone, good looking
Good Product & Seller...
thanks for giving ontime
Good
good
thanx a lot amazon.in..
Awesome product........
not best but so so good
Very nice Lenovo Phone
Good one at this price
Facing signal problem.
best phone for my side
its a good. I like it.
Some times its response is delayed for some functions. While talking screen touch operate unwanted function / applications.
love it awesome phone
it's quite nice phone
Simply superb mobile.
nice and light phone
Good battery back up
GOOD PRODUCT OVERALL
Phone has big network problem. I have this phone now for 4 days and everyday I have to restart it atleast 1 time. Network/phone hangs and even though phone is ON and shows signals, caller gets the message cannot be reached or switched off. I cannot make even a call till I re-start it. My phone has battery problem too. It reached 15 % and then immediately in 2 - 3 mins it went down to 0% and phone got switched off. As per description of this product the talk time is about 25 hrs and standby time of 408 hrs. When the phone is charged 100% then is shows duration as ~44 hrs. Dont know how it is advertised as 408 Hrs of standby time.
Chala chala bagundi
Good phone hai Bhai
Very bad smartphone
Have network issues
Worth every penny !
Best mobile for me
Mast hi year. ..:)
Very nice phone!!!
Paisa vasool mobile... I got lenovo s850 yesterday...it's amazing creation of lenovo... Starts wid model-looks rich awesome as iPhone ... Back lenovo led logo looks rich.. Battery works awesome ...I used net since morning still battery is 60%.. Camera result back camera 13 mp result is OK BT front camera result outstanding ... Touch pad net speed all things are good Drawbacks is only memory card not supported but 16 GB internal is good enough.. In one word total paisa vasool mobile at this range...thanks amazon ..nice service
Lenovo S850 performance is good. One problem i observed is, photo is not displaying while doing outgoing calls, even though photo attached to the Contact number. I spoke to Lenovo customer care center & they provided some address in Indira Nagar , Bangalore & mobile number. When i called to that service center mobile number, its giving not a valid mobile number. Customer service is very very poor for Lenovo. Hence giving low rating.
The Phone is awesome!
i want this phone
Using this phone since 7days.. -Camera - 9/10. -Performance - 10/10. -Design - 10/10 -Sound - 8/10. -Display - 10/10. The S850 is awesome and worth buying it... Lenovo UI is good. The backside 'lenovo' logo is eye-catching when it glows. Lightweight phone & the glassy look is cool.. -Lenovo said that the logo can glow in different colors... But it only glows in 'White'... But either way... Overall phone is awesome & its different. Go for it !!
network problems
Very nice mobile
VERY GOOD MOBILE
Very nice phone!
WE RECEIVED MOB BUT BY USING TIME SIM 2 NOT SHOWING SIGNAL SO CONNECTION PROBLEM SO WE GONE TO SERVICE STATION THEY SAID TO SPEAK IN AMAZON CUSTOMER CARE.I SEARCHING FOR CUS CARE NO GOT ONE NO AND TRIED BUT ITS NOT WORK SO I CHANGE MY SIM TO SIM 2 TO SIM 1 NOW IS WORKING SO WE FOUND THAT SIM 2 HAVE PRIBLEM IF POSSIBLE PLEASE DO NEEDFULLY TO US TO REFER OTHERS .I SELF PURCHASED FOR 3 TIMES IN AMAZON .ITS FOR MY FRIEND I REFER AND GET THE MOB.SO PLEASE AS TO CLEAR THIS PROBLEM.MY NO 9500099850.
Worth for money
very good phone
super phone :-)
Very good phone
Very nice phone
Very good phone
Awesome phone..
after inserting my sim in this mobile their is a network issue in sim 1
Vedio very bad
good one, nice
Got Lenovo S850 on expected Delivery Date. Prons - Good Front Camera for Selfy. Very Good Sound Quality. Touch is also good. Features is almost given as Apple. Best thing about Phone that already install their Own Antivirus. HD Display. Battery Backup is also good.. Cons:- Quality of Back Camera is Ok. I dont feel tht Gorilla touch skin is given in the phone.. All about its a Good One Phone in this price..
Design: Slim and Compaq, Both side Gorilla Glass Finish is excellent.. Display: Very Good Cam : 13 MP cam has very good resolution and clarity Sound quality is Decent, touch is very smooth,Battery life is average Cons : does not have expandable memory slot internal is 16 GB. Hardware used to build mobile is very good quality.. Bottom line : Very good Deal..
awesome phone
I got this phone a month ago.. Really a good phone,super fast,super built quality and great looks. Only one thing is disappointing is its memory, worst part is out of 16gb you only get 12gb to use. I give 5 star to both the cameras even in low light conditions it captures good images. If memory its not a issue for you then one should definetly buy this phone. Its really a nice phone.
I am using it for a month. One of the best phone in terms of battery life, I have used scores of smartphones but this phone battery is marathon, after whole day of being on wifi and normal calls, at the end of the day is 60%. Camera quality of good but not crisp. HDR mode doesn't work perfectly, In terms of gesture it awesum, it's flawless no hanging issues till now,
nice product
Good mobile.
Just Awesome
Good Product
good produts
its awesome
Badly prodk
itz been great phone, Awsm look. Look lik iphone and its cemera iz superb. Lik u never click before.and very very light in weight!!. Once a problem arrieved about network issue aftr starting security app. Bt when i diseble that security app then no issue for network problem. Jus love it. just grab it guys!!!!
good handy
Nice phone
Awsm phone
nice phone
Not worth;
Amazn phne
Nice phone
Good phone
good Phone
nice phone
Awesome phone,, luking like i phone,, gr8 build quality, nice front and back camera, clear HD 720 pixels,,,,lenovo anti systems,,,Worth to buy.. only thing i dont like is realibility of micro sim tray....dont play wid tht.. otherwise everything is perfect,,,!!!!!
I've used three models of Lenovo phones, of course attracted by their awesome features. All with Same problem Sim 1 doesn't show network all of sudden. - Sometimes after wifi usage, sim network dissapears - Sometimes after playing some games
very good
excellent
Excellent
Owsm fone
very good
Very nice
I LOVE IT
very good
excellent
CAMERA QUALITY IS VERY POOR .....
i got the mobile on this month for lenovo s850 .i haeard meny good informtion about this mobile so bought now i am not satesfiedwith this mobilei got many many network problem.....what. is the solution for the problem......pls tell me
exillent
Good...
not bad
WOW Camera, I love it.
it is not working properly downloading is not done in this , i tried to return but i face problem no reply from merchant and system is showing lock for return policy
Not a good phone at all. The speaker sound got bad within 3days of buying. It hangs for few seconds while changing from one application to another. Earlier I was using Lenovo K 900 that phone was OK but even that gone to service center 2 times within 6-7 months. Overall bad experience. Dont buy at all.
I just got my phone my today...and it's call quality is not so good especially between airtel to airtel but otherwise till now its good
Had selected one day delivery option and received my order as expected.. nice service.. packing was nt tht much good..but it doesn't matter that much.. now about the device.. Looks wise, it's amazing.. very light weighted.. glass finishing make it looks like iphone.. Notification Logo on the backside is nice feature.. cover case provided with the handset is pretty good.. overall everything I have received is in perfect condition.. Loved the handset.. if you want review of this model.. go for YouTube.. GO FOR IT...
Good.
Super
Good there is slite network problem. . It's good . Camera awesome. . My friend' s having asus zenphone replaced it for lenovo
Worth the price ....really awesome pannel and good front camera...already installed asphalt 7 and great gamming phone...!!!♡♥
My beview for this lenovo 850 is superb nice and excellent mobile I love this phone. Nice Nice Nice
Not good at all. My phone cover was broken. I recommend all of you to NOT buy any product from this dealer.
Lenovo S850 is a very good phone. I'm very much satisfied with the performance of this phone till now.
display gone. i cannot refer this to friend. waste of money.i lost all my expectations on this mobile
Overall good but Camera quality is not up to the mark as compair to Nokia and Samsungs 5megapixels...
going frwrd to prchase dis phone ...made of all glass and the light on the logo makes it..fantastic
Good
Good
Like
Nice
Good
good
Good
Nice
Nice
good
Nice
Good
Good
Wonderful Amazing product.. Battery life is good and I am loving the features.
Gud
ITS NOT GUD PHONE I REQUEST YOU ALL PLS DON'T BUY THIS MODEL
nice one.....weightlesss.... camera excellent......
Good phone. Battery life is better than I expected
Excellent, quite handy and value for money
Some times i get signal for both the sim
look wise ok.but network was not good.
Very good phone in the price range
I just love the camera quality..
It good and the touch is more flexible and fast browsing
wounderful...amazing....no word to express the beauty of lenovo s850,i have bought it from amazon.after use of it i can it is best smart phone with reasonable price.i has best application.no other phone has that much speed,application,sensors system and much more than lenovo. I DO PREFER YOU TO LENOVO SMART PHONE BETTER THAN OTHER SMART PHONES,NO OTHER MOBILE HAS DIFFRENT SENSORS.SO LENOVO IS BEST IN THE WORLD HAPPY BUYINGS... BYE.....
Hi Visitors, This is not very good phone, its displaying 13 MP primary camera but quality of this camera is very bad its like VGA , why lenovo cheating this way, all phone have basic quality to call and msging but we paying more for multimedia, but phone have not any good quality sound , pictures etc. So go for other then this 13 k range.
i loved it
Very good
nice one
Ok nice
Want buy thiz phone but always used samsung so help me out whether to buy thiz or go for some other
Good
nice
