B00N4QFUAM
Very good product considering the price. I had bought it for RS 6990/- on amazon (white model). Pros: 1) Battery life, kitkat, quad core, 1gb ram, fast smooth performance. I installed all the latest games their performance was quite impressive. Fifa 15, asphalt 8, deadtrigger 2, temple run 2, subway surfer, into the dead. all games run butter smooth. 2) Camera quality is good if you click photos using manual setting. quite good even better than moto g. (automatic setting is not that good as iso is set very high and hence more grains in the pic.) 3) Call quality is good. 4) Speakers and headphone quality is OK not something to brag aboutt could have been better. 5) Gps works very well. Have tried apps like NavFree with offline maps downloaded India map (100mb). Turn by turn navigation worked pretty well. 6) Screen resolution is not that good. ppi is very less. But i have considered it in pros because thanks for the resolution battery lasts for really long time, Absolutely can't argue with that. I would like my phone to work at the end of the day than to watch 1080p for 2mins. 7) You can switch default storage and hence install apps on sd card directly. some phones don't allow this on kitkat. 8) You get free case and screen guard. Which is not mentioned any where. All a536 will come with these items as it is mentioned on the box. 9) Build quality is good doesn't look cheap. Currently the price is around 8k i guess. so i'd say wait till the price gets back to 7k range. If you have any second thoughts on buying this product , i'd say go ahead and buy it. you won't regret it. AHHH Last but not least ...... I AM NOT FAKE GUY WHO REVIEWS PRODUCT FOR THEIR SALE !!!! ABSOLUTELY GENUINE REVIEW !!!!
Lenovo A536 is a decent mobile at a decent price.Got the order within 3 days.Within the first 4 weeks I so far went 5 times to the service centre. No video call option in the phone, only Skype calls there. The main problem is regarding battery discharge, after fully charged it decreases and after reaching a certain % ge, it will not decrease.Finally the mobile switches off showing no charge. Service center told that its a software problem and formated it, the problem occurred again and then they gave a new battery to check whether it's a battery problem, again it occurred they have now ordered for a new Board. These are my after sales probs. Is Amazon Selling faulty mobiles?
Bought from chennai mobiles, coimbatore for gifting to a collegue.. Good thing about the prodct; 1.fast and responsive touch 2.no or minimum lags 3.almost 650 mb of ram is free 4.internal memory of 8gb is not partitioned, download unlimited apps.. 5. Very few preloaded apps without any useless app.. storage is left to your disposal.. no need to root the phone 6. very simple UI 7. Good battery backup.. atleast 8 to 10 hours with data on. On normal use it streches to a day also. 8. Good video recorder at 30 fps. 9. Good voice output..AND IT IS AN IMPORTANT CONSIDERATION BCZ ULTIMATELY YOU ARE GOING TO USE IT AS A PHONE ALSO.. in many hyped smartphones like zenfone, redmi 1s, a few high on gaming xolo sets deliver very poor voice output.. 10. i can not honestly comment on gaming capabilities of the phone, for not having used it extensively. 11. Free accessories like good quality back covr and screenguard 12. Large enogh screen Cons; 1.Average rear camera with a entry level (lowquality) front camra, however recorders delivrs well. You can dwnld some good camera app from playstore to fix it slightly 2. Mtk processor My opinion If your thrust is upon performance, this set will do wonders with its supersmooth touch response configured with a quad core processor, unpartitioned internal storage and sufficiently free RAM.
First of all Thanks to Amazon, because they have delivered this product with in 15 hours we can say express delivery, and A536 is Nice to handle and style is so good...Camera also not bad as compared to this price it's OK...
This is my first order from Amazon with Staples India. Extremely Fast delivery. And the Mobile is good in performance and Look wise. The clarity of Camera fabulous. The Battery performance is also very nice. As Additionally bonus: i got the mobile cover and scratch card which was not mentioned during the purchase time. :) Great Experience.!!! :)
This is really a good phone. Pros 1) Big 5" Screen 2) Fast Processing, No lagging in playing heavy games and videos 3) Good Battery Back-up - Normally 1 Day for average usages 4) Nice design and light weight 5) Latest Android experience - Kit kat 4.4 6) Come with Data Cable, Screen Guard, Back Cover Case 7) Descent 8 GB Storage allows to save more apps on the phone Cons 1) Camera is average and can't take a good photograph in night 2) Screen resolution could be improvised 3) User Interface could be improved as all apps are accessible by sliding left -right only. Can't remove unnecessary google apps. 4) Speaker Volume is not loud enough My recommendation is to go for this product as Lenovo is an established brand and most of the features of the phone is of high end phones like 1.3 Ghz Processor, 1 GB RAM, Android Kit Kat 4.4, Internal memory of 8 GB, 5" Screen at a pretty descent price.
I really didn't find anything wrong with this phone and am a 20 year old tech geek. Had bought this phone for my mum. The battery life is a little less although it's nothing that cannot be managed. The camera might also be a little disappointing but apart from that the phone is pretty good and also a great value for money. The touch screen is pretty smooth and with adequate brightness. You can use the phone even on a hot summer afternoon with the sun shining directly over you and still manage to read what's on the sreen. Performance is pretty good, you can run games like asphalt 8 with absolutely no lag. The phone can get a little warm after a prolonged heavy use, but again that's not anything abnormal. The only thing which bothered me were the headphones. The sound quality is prettt bad. The phone overall is a great value for money. Does everything that it has to. Might not perform like a high end phone, but you get a pretty decent phone for that price.
PROS: Battery Backup is excellent.. Internet Browsing in 3g as well as in Wifi is fast.. No flaws so far in making and attending calls.. Camera pics quality are good. CONS: Few Apps(Maps, Navigator) are crashing often. Touch response is poor when playing games.
I can give 4 stars for the phone's performance. For a basic user, who uses just few games, browsing, music, and photography this phone is very apt. There are no lags in opening applications. Decent battery backup and camera. The worst part which made me regret purchasing a lenovo product is the customer service. I am from Chennai and Lenovo has only 2 centers in chennai for mobiles. Also the two are not only doing lenovo services. Its been outsourced to HCL who deals in servicing blackberry as well. Accidentally the phone just fell down from a chair seat height and the display was broken. Its been more than 15 days now and the service centre is telling they still have not received the spares. Also they are charging more than half the price of the product for replacing the display.
Excellent phone and exceptional service by Amazon... Everything in the phone meets the highest benchmark possible... Getting more than one day battery backup In heavy usage and Alomost three days backup in normal usage... Really impressive phone
First i want to appreciate amazon that they deliver item in 3 day.Thnx Lenovo A536 is very good mob in the range of 7500.RAM,CAMERA,SPEED all thing are good. but speaker quality is not that much. over all mob is very nice.
Dear friends dont buy Lenovo mobiles.Bcoz mobiles are good but when we got problems the servicing centre are inresposible .am from adilabad i bought Lenovo p780 for Rs.16000.00 its work good for 6 months after 6 months i got a problem in the mobile.there is no network coverage i contacted service centre but didnot get any responce then i send my mobile to Warangal service centre again i got no responce from them then i send the mobile to hyderabad service centre there is also no respomce for my mobile.now i have lose 16 k .Now my small son is using the mobile for playing games.i have Filled a case in consumers form. if any one have same problems like me then contact me on.07396777017.
My new Cell - Lenovo A536 (black) - was ordered on 12th Nov. and the estimated time of delivery told was 21st Nov by amazon, but i recieved it 2 days in advance, eventhough my palce is not a big city. Tkanks AMAZONE and congrats. As somebody told, there was one Sylicon-rubber back cover & a scratch guard(it was not mentioned in the deal), thanks for that. Almost all I felt good about this phone, except the battery and the battery back up. The battery mentioned in the deal was 2000mAH lithium-polymer, but I recieved the 2000mAH lithium-Lion one, its very sad. And the sound quality it poor, but OK as when compare to other same range(pricewise) sets. Thanks....
Good phone..but there is no app drawer in it......all app which installed will appear on home screen..smooth processor ..camera-both front&back not bad .nice 5inch screen ...overall okay for this price..
NOT A GOOD PRODUCT FROM REPUTED BRAND "LENOVO". CAMERA FOR TAKING PHOTO AS WELL VIDEOS NOT FUNCTIONING PROPERLY. UNABLE TO TAKE/SHOOT VIDEOs. ALSO SOMETIMES HANG PROBLEMS.
Its Simply Awesome at ~8K Price !!!! I am writing this review after 2 months of using this phone. I bought a black one @ 7800.00. Following are the Highs and the Lows : - Highs 1. Looks 2. Speed 3. Touch 4. Storage 5. Resolution & Graphics 6. Camera (Both) Lows : 1. Battery Life 2. Headphones Its a true value phone at this price...guys i have bought this after lots of research. Go Ahead!!!! Samsung is just a brand name, dont follow it blindly.....they do not offer these features at this price.
First of all i would like to tell abt Amazon service this time and it was pathetic. I ordered for 1 day delivery and it came after 4 days however Amazon customer care helped a lot. Now my review about the phone(After 2 days) Pros: * The look of the phone is amazing(4.5/5). * Quad core processor doesn't give a damn about lag of hang(4.5/5). * Varieties of inbuilt Apps and lenovo added its own security app which is very fast and anyone will like it(4.5/5). * Ram is also 1 gb so the phone runs smooth(4.5/5). * 1080P videos running smooth. No lag even if you forward the video.(4.5/5) * Proximity sensor and LED light working fine.(5/5). * Back cover and screen guard given in the pack which is good from lenovo(4.5/5). * Screen is 5 inch so looks great and useful also(5/5). * Never the less Android kitkat 4.4.2 is very good and works very fine with this device(4.5/5). * Internal memory is 8 gb and usable memory will be around 4.5 gb which is also good(4.5/5). Cons: * The first impression i got from the camera is not satisfactory.Still i need to explore more.It should have been better(3.5/5). * Battery is 2000 mah so i thought the backup will be high.But it drains out very fast within 6 hours when you will start wifi or data connection which is quite often in android phone. But the mazor problem is it is taking more than 5 hours to fully charge the battery in switch off mode which i donno why.May b due to a new battery.(4/5). * Touch responsiveness is not up to the mark. You need to press with little more power. It is not as smooth as MOTO E(4/5). * Sound Clarity of phone is ok. Not so good but it is manageable (4/5). * 3rd class ear phone provided by lenovo. I think they have forgotten that they are selling smart phones but providing basic phone ear phone. However we need to use some other better ear phone(2.5/5). Hence if i overall rate it then i will give a 4 stars out of 5. As the price was 7199/- when i bought this so i am satisfied with these pros and cons. I suggest if you are thinking about performance then go for it as it will delight you with its fast performance.
Pros: (1) Overall Phone is good. Big screen and nice resolution (2) Touch is good (3) Camera is good (4) Lenovo apps are cool Cons: (1) But battery drains very fast when wi-fi/ Mobile net is on. Also if the battery battery drains below certain level (approx 2-3%) phone gets switched off and take significant time to show the charging notification after you start charging it. You will feel as if it is gone bad but after ~10mins it will be able to boot and work fine. So long story short, do not wait until it goes below 5%.
Good phone. Very satisfied with it. But I think the Black one looks better than the white. Good performance. U get abundant RAM, so u can download all the apps you can think of but still have lots more room. Screen colours are not too sharp but its acceptable for a Phone from this price range. The only issue I have with this phone is the battery. In the beginning the phone battery would last about 14 hrs with moderate surfing and with GPRS on all the time. Now after 5 months I am only getting only 10 hrs. Also the signal quality is a little poor.
very poor earphone and the package should be given in a paltic bag inside the amazon carton-it makes shopping a memorable one-Karbonn and others have air tight earphones-but lLenovo may not believe in the music part of the phone-Need serious thinking on this line
And the Mobile is good in performance and Look wise Nicely configured specs.. dont expect a great camera though! 4*, 1) Big 5" Screen 2) Fast Processing, No lagging in playing heavy games and videos 3) Good Battery Back-up - Normally 1 Day for average usages 4) Nice design and light weight 5) Latest Android experience - Kit kat 4.4 6) Come with Data Cable, Screen Guard, Back Cover Case 7) Descent 8 GB Storage allows to save more apps on the phone
Overall the phn is ok but after the i bought it, several other phns came in mkt with 2GB RAM. The battery heatups while charging. If you are thinking to take photos than this phn is not worthy for this even its 5MP primary cam is like 1.5MP cam and secondary like VGA. the battery runs for a good time than other phns and don't dryout rapidly. overall I rate the phn is ok but better options are available with higher versions in the mkt so don't buy it in an instant.
Fantastic mobile at amazing price. Prices are slashed by Rs. 500 in last 2 days. All features looks good after using for 2 days. Go for it and enjoy.
The phone is nice overall, but the camera is not at all good. I have another Nokia Lumia with same 5 megapixel , but my Nokia captures better pictures compared to this Lenovo phone having 5 megapixel camera. one more irritating technical issue is with the Wi-fi, Everytime I enter the house , the wi-fi does not automatically get connected, rather you have to restart the wi- fi of the phone to connect to my home wi-fi router which is already registered.
This is awesome phone at this price and better than Samsung. 1.Battery life is good,almost 2 days with Data connection. 2.i got the mobile cover and scratch card also which was not mentioned while purchasing. 3.Touch Screen is better then other brands. 4.Camera is average quality but as compared to others phone at this price is good. 5.Only Earphone music sound is not so loud,average sound. I am very much satisfied with this phone.
look at the pedegree, it is from the LENOVO stable. It is a mid range segment smartphone. I am writing this after one month of use. They have put the right mix into it, infact they have steppedup the quotient. To begin with, ram is 1gb & not 512mb, internal memory is 8gb & not 4gb, expandable is ok 32gb, next they have given android kitkat 4.4, processor is quad core & not dual core, speed 1.3ghz & not 1ghz/1.2ghz, camera 5mp & front camera is 2mp not vga, video recording is 1080p @ 30fps (Frames Per Second), touchscreen is good & fluid, it has google maps, navigation & gps, other lenovo apps are good :) :) . Now i want LENOVO TO LISTEN, i am being moderate in my expectations, for this screen size the resolution is low 854 x 480 & the pixel density at 196psi (per square inch) is low, people buy this for the screen size, sharpness of picture on screen is compromised though it is a pic from a 5mp camera but if u transfer pic to another high resolution phone or computer, in theory it will be good, even print out will be good. NOW THE BATTERY is 2000 mah, it takes a battering if u play little bit of games & also if ur datapack is connected, use whatsapp, mail, etc...... It falls slightly short, would have been better at 2500 mah. CHARGING is thru the USB therefore it takes 3hrs for a full charge...... phew........ I'm drained by this :( :( . Folks take heart, buy it by all means, overall it is a good phone, it has brand value, build quality & hardware is good, it is way above micromax, karbon, intex, etc. SAMSUNG, HTC & SONY will not give u these features at this price. Panasonic, LG, Huawie, Xiome, Gionee, Axus, have some smartphones which can compete, but look at the badge, LENOVO.... for the people who do. I must say well captioned. Let me take a bow.
I have purchased this phone in diwali, due to festival i have received this very late. It was suppose to com on 28 oct but it received on 31 oct. For use of mobile is fine. 2 gb ram, 8 gb internal memory, for user it is around 4.5 gb. Camera good (both), good for browsing. Disappointed with headset, can not enjoy music or radio by using it. Battery is good. Otherwise this very good phone in this budget.
amazing phone i get it only Rs6990.00 at amazon on 6th oct2014 3g connectivity very fast camera also good with 5mp gaming play is very smooth my experience is vvgood
The product comes with two back covers, free from Lenovo. The product doesn't look as sleek as its impression comes from the pictures. I bought it for my friend. The phone is very heavy. The touch is okay, not very good. The camera is also average compared to other phones in this range. Overall the phone is an average performer, and I give it 3 stars.
The delivery of Amazon was prompt i.e. the product was delivered to me within 10 hours of ordering the same. It was a worst product which had seen till date. The new mobile with the defective battery which lasts only for 3 to 4 hours on standy.
it has wifi problem and i have done update but not resolved the issue and i have done factory reset still not resolved. 3hrs wifi works fine and later it will fail and will show authentication failed and if you restart it will work fine. also the screen resolution is bad. rest all functions are very good for this price
Yes.. touch is very good... Phone is very smooth and fluid... Viewing angles r not that good
At first I thought the headphones were damaged, but when I plugged in a Sony, skullcandy and jbl headphone there was still no music; just a vibrating sound. Very disappointed with this basic problem. No option to listen to music or fm radio now. Should've opted for Micromax instead. Thumbs down
Amazon delivery is very fast, why?? because I was expecting this phone to be received after DIWALI but I order and got the phone next day, which made my DIWALI.. And the product is very nice.. No complaints at all.. Very good.. And recommended to all who is looking for a budgeted phone..
Faulty phone was shipped. Without my knowledge calls (Emergency and no's. contact list) are being dialed automatically. As advised by Lenovo, visited service center. They confirmed it has faulty screen and require 10 business days to replace screen. I am not happy with the phone.
Screen guard and cover comes along with the parcel which is not described in the advert - So appreciable. Headphone output is very poor but you can change the headphone. Having said that gadget is value 4 money considering at this price and you can't get any thing better than this.
PLEASE DONT BUY LENOVO PHONES SEEING AT THE CHEAP PRICE, THERE ARE NETWORK ISSUES IN THE PHONE IN THE WIFI CONNECTIVITY AS WELL. WORST PHONE AND QUALITY, MANY REVIEW SAYS WHAT YOU GET FOR THIS PRICE?< WELL PLEASE PAY MORE AND ONLY BUY QUALITY COMPANY PHONES,
Hi , i started using this phone since october month 2014 , This phone is not up to the standard because when i purchased it the battery was staying upto 3 days but now a days it stand only one day and about camera is good . Overall an good phone only problem with battery.
Mobile is good in performance and Look wise. I got the mobile cover and scratch card which was not mentioned during the purchase time. Good thing is display size. Also good for internet user. Camera and Headphone quality is very poor. Battery dies very fast on using internet.
This phone is very good, In term of processing it very nice, In applications point of view there provided pre-installed applications it all very nice, Internet and Wifi is fast for browsing, About amazon courier provider worst services, they not delivered it in time,
All the features needed,are placed in it. It has the highest internal memory below 10k. Except the delivery service and a little bit of low camera, everything is up to the mark. I'd recommend it to everyone wanting a trusted brand phone with all features below 10k.
Decent phone, It has got all what I needed: big screen, below 10k, reliable battery, light weight, Very good Wi-Fi reception. And it comes with back cover & screen guard saving some extra bucks. Over all I am really loving it
Good Things: Good battery backup. Large enough screen. Fast smooth performance. Bad Things: Speakers and headphone quality is not good as i expect. Screen resolution is not that good. No video call option in the phone.
This is my first order from Amazon with Staples India. Extremely Fast delivery and the Mobile is very good in performance and Look wise. The clarity of Camera fabulous. It is at lowest price here as compare to other sites. . It is Great Experience...! :)
Look is best. Battery back up is very poor as it is drains very fast.. While calling you will receive a very low voice of caller to whom you are talking. Camera is ok. Handy, comfortable. Fits the price. Nice overall experience.
Performance is Good, smooth operation of all apps..1 gb ram and Quadcore processor does the trick Battery lasts for 24hrs on full use-gaming and wifi on. Blazing fast downloads capability (but 60% network dependant) Display is good, but lags a bit during startup of games. But one disappointment is the poor quality of headphone given-not what music lovers would have liked it. Overall...worth a buy- Touchscreen is better than other brands.
good mobile with this price, Touch, speed, applications , look everything is good. As per smart phone baterry is as usual. If dont use any application then 2 days, else arround 20 hrs. But overall nice phone to be Recommoned.
Its WiFi was getting disconnected frequently. Had to return it. Instead bought Redmi 1S which is working without any problem. Offlate I have seen Lenovo products have problems, including my Lenovo Laptop. Even after sales service is pathetic.
An awesome smart phone at this price. Superb performance and reasonably good quality of the device. though battery of 2000 MAh is provided with the phone, but still does not gives full day support unless charge in between. overall good deal.
Awesome phone for the price. I got this as a first Smartphone for my mom and she is loving it. It has got a decent screen and above average battery life. Awesome for light use. The only complaint I have is that it has got bad speaker.
Recently i purchase this model on amazon. this product is good but battery backup is not good. backup is 6-7hrs only. all function is working normal. there is front camera open option not avalable. so i download a apps. then it working.
I bought this phone a few weeks back from Amazon. For a budget less than 10K, it offers very good features compared to the likes of Samsung, etc. Battery back up is decent. Touch screen performance is a definite 9/10. Love this phone
good phone with very good features for the specified price tag.
Good value for the cost. Its Dual Sim - use Sim slot 1 if u are only using one sim - no documentation would tell you that. Initial playstore update kills you - but once this is done - its a comparatively smooth ride
Fon is soon gud that it fails other fon in anderoid segment Camera is gud Little disappoint by battery life It quite fast also Value for money Recommend everyone to buy this M.haapg with ths fon
Cell Phone Quality is Overall Good, speed is awesome .... u can smoothly play heavy games like candy crush, subway...etc. Camera quality is average ... I got this cell phone in 7500/- and what more u can expect in this price
Been nearly a month and happy with the performance. Three important features I care about - call quality, battery backup, touch responsiveness - are pretty good. Tethering works well. Overall its a good phone in this budget.
Very good product from Lenovo. Nice big screen and processor. Features and other inbuild application are good, attractive look of handset. Over all I recommend to buyer to buy this product from Amazon.
Its really a awesome product..Trust me..I am fully satisfied..I have started playing high end games and the feeling is really great..Awesome!! Just go for it if u wanted some quality product within 7.5k.. 4 stars for sure
Nice & simple phone.. value for money... I Had opted for guranteed one day delivery & it was very much delivered on time by Amazon Transport Service. Wud definitely recommed for those who want a non-high end smart phone
I gifted this to my mom..!! she was really surprised.. !! very good phone.. but camera is of poor resolution.. and heats up a little coz of medium range processor.. but at 7k couldnt expect miracles from that.. value for my money.. :)
I got this mobile in 1 month before yes it is really nice to work.only one problem is battery is drained but compare with moto e and Asus 4 it is good.Main is I bought this mobile in just 6732 rs in flipkart....:
The phone is an excellent product from Lenovo. Voice clarity, screen display, response to touch, internet speed, 5 MP lens are really amazing for less than Rs.8500/-, when I bought more than a month ago. GPS works excellent during daytime with vodafone 3G network. I had the chance to test recently for about 300 kms travel on highways. Nevertheless, at night I had some hitches in getting precise direction while returning back on the same route. As I prefer normal sim, I found this an added advantage. Both the sims are normal sims and need no cutting. But for heavy use the 2000 mah battery does not power the phone for longer time. You can overcome battery problem by using a good power bank. Again lenovo 5000 mah or sony 5000 mah, which costs around Rs.2000 would be handy.
Except Battery life all is fine. using data the battery just go down. Ear phone is not to the standard, will have to purchase another for good hearing. Finally for this price its a good mobile to purchase.
really worth of amount paid. It is my first android phone..... smoothly working, fast, cute and good to most of the applications. volume is little bit low while using head phone and Speaker
Touch experience, gaming, camera, battery backup, wi-fi everything fine, feel sorry for those who experienced problem in operation and its hardware. Everyone should go for it and feel the difference.
Not at all good phone.battery backup is very poor not even for 3hrs. I think Amazon has not delivered original product,its look like chaina set.sound is very poor,very disappointed on Lenova and Amazon
Today i completed 3 months by using this mobile....specifations are gud...1gb ram..8gb rom...1.3Ghz processor....the touch quality is not gud enough...and does not support OTG....camera quality is gud
Excellent Set - Cost worthy-- Having every features under @10,000/- - Battery backup more than 2.5 Days avg. even u play games a litte. Note: Not for any Advertisement or Commission
That's a good mobile phone. The camera is excellent, compatibility is good, screen resolution is good, overall its a good mobile phone. The only problem is that it gives you less memory space.
This is very good phone..good value for money.. Everything looks fine in this mobile except touch sensitivity. Touch is not very smooth compared to other branded phone.. Display is ok..
Very nice.cameras good QC.smooth touch.70%ram always free.All type of video format is sopported but MX player isn t sopport .but its PPI is vgood .Lenovo a536 black is nice phone for me.
Awesome Product In This Range im Using This Mobile From More Then One Month No Probs At All Cam Is Good ( Both F & B ) Good Battery Back up . Overall Its A Good Experience With Lenovo .
SUPER PHONE.... 8 GB INTERNAL MEMORY ....1GB RAM...5 INCH SCREEN...GOOD CLARITY .... BUT ONLY ONE PROBLEM .. SPEAKER & HEADSET SOUND IS LESS... NO PROBLEM....OVERALL IT IS VERY NICE....
CAMERA QUALITY VERY BAD NOT EVEN 0.3 MP QUALITY
The signal strength looks weak compared to other lower end mobiles. I found the problem that phonebook number are erased . It's strange to see one day you loose the contacts.
very nice phn but camara is little problem other is gud phn in this range one more thing it doesn't support video calling so if u required this then you should another option
Cons: Battery backup is low Heating after 10 mins usage Internal headphones sound is too bad No OTG cable support Other than this its good ...
This product is so good for a reasonable cost . Phone's features are so good, RAM, Camera, display size everything is good as per the spec.Altogether worth for the money.
Recently I bought it, I just loved it...Good configuration and good speed as well, camera/photos is fine...customize it as per your need...worth for money.. Thanks..
Meets the expectations given that it is a budget phone. Battery life could have been longer but cant help it given that it is an android phone and many open applications.
I got lenovoA536 4 months ago.it works greatly.good speed,good touch sense and camera clarity.for the money I spend got worth.prompt delivery...I recommend this for all
battery backup not good,all things are good
Pretty good phone in the price range. The only problem I found is that the battery is discharging a bit faster; waiting for a new battery from Lenovo service centre.
Overall it's good in performance. Screen resolution bit low. Battery taking lot of time to charge and draining little faster.. Amazon service is very good :-)
Excellent mobile Purchased 3 weeks before Worth for price Rs 7880 Lenovo is rocking mobile No hang no slow, camera good Thanks to flipkart
Everything is perfect camera .performance.display.battery.only ear phones phones are not good and sound quality is good but not loud and live it is
Its a good phone. For a first time touch screen user like me the experience has been pretty good. Also functionally its very stable and doesn't hang as well.
gifted it to my Mom on mother's day as she is not that tech savoy, but it seems she is loving this gadget !! hope she doesnt demand for an Iphone now lol !!
Good phone for a price of Rs.8000. I am using it for the last 1 month. Good battery life.. Good cameras. But couldn't make a video call using 3G net work..
The phone is good,only problem is the battery drains out by evening without playing any games etc. The sound is ok but the ear phones are not good.
Awsome Cell phone ,Got buy amazon and On time lite weight gr8 voice perfect responed in app Best of best cell got it thxs....
Pathetic camera and display resolution
I bought this phone from Amazon. Delivery is very fast.battery back up is good and performing well but heaset and camera is not so good as I expected.
great phone, a good buy a lot of hardware at such a low price, works excellently, great battery life as compared to other android devices
amazon listed as phone contains video calling but their is no and it was less priced at flipkart at time of puchasing in amazon.so disappointed.
Nice, Light weight Model. I bought it for my mother. Very much user friendly and she finds very easy to operate.some times lags touch response.
Nice product and recommending to my friends and relative to buy the same. But I want to know the cash back details and when it will be received
Phone is very good at this price range. So fast internet. Only 5 mp camera, That is only one demerit. Rest all are good. Overall a nice phone.
i've bought it 6 months back and it is working perfectly... If you are looking for android phones below 7.5k, I recommend for Lenovo a6000.
Lenovo has very good security applications . Control on all app that installed. But Display is like some different type
all good but the battery back up is very less only 8 hours remain thats the problem. but in low price all featured are very very good
In this price very nice&good phone......lenovo a536 have good display....video& camera quality is good......tottaly excellent device
it`s nice phone but without video calling. i think its foolish to make a 2 mp front camera but not providing video calling facility.
The phone is good. Doesn't lag, display is also good. Camera is not that great but will suffice. I thought the icons are too big.
very bad touch. battery drains faster.. problems with wifi connectivity. network drops suddenly when using 3g. very bad product.
this is my first order to amazon , i like its fast service the phone performance is very good in such a low price and good brand
I am satisfied with the Product but there was no screen guard . And the head phones are not that great should have been better
some software issue. while discharge some time battery %age on screen stuck at 25% or 22% and then jumped to 0% directly.
Camera quality is not at all to the expectation, as compare to other phone,part from that rest of the feature is good to go.
One of The Best Phone under 8000, With Quedcore Processor, 1GB Ram, 8GB Inbuilt, 5" IPS Display, With good battery life.
After six month of usage phone is awesome......only issue is with the viewing angles.....otherwise it is a great phone.....
Its good phone. Easy to operate. Most thing is 8 gb Internal memory so you can download maximum apps. with out any problem.
very very nice phone looking beautiful have good festures and and very very smooth in working.i really love my this phone.
good phone.....smart look light weight...fast speed kitkat with 8 GB ROM & 1 GB RAM....PRICE IS LOW RS 6999 FROM SNAPDEALS
Its very good..at this range Front camera is so well....battery back up is also good.... But disply .....
Good phone for home use in this price range. Specs n features are very impressive. Service from Amazon was too fast.
microphone is pathetic, after giving for service centre, then also same problem, other side person can't hear clearly,
Very good product and excellent this working good. I get good packing but flass light is not working for perfectly.
Very worst product never waste your money. Not worth for the cost better go for NOKIA LUMIA each penny worth for it.
Nice to have. Budget phone but camera is of very low quality like VGA camera and screen resolution is not so good.
Great value for money product. I would compare it to a samsung galaxy grand series for less than half its price.
All fine in this mobile except display. But, the specifications of display is already mentioned before purchase.
Good phone with not good camera. Screen resolution is average. Delivered on time with warranty and accessories
Headphones are very bad , voice is coming very low as well charger is also not so good , charging vary slow.
i got it in good condition and i'"m fully satisfied with it. it was a gift for ma wife she just loved it
Camera is not god at all Headphone is horrible Battery backup is poor performance is not bad
Seems pretty good,but i felt a lag while browring(may b d prblm of my sim card) anyway it worths for price
5 star. Smooth and beautiful handset. Thank you amazon. Net browsing is very fast. Battery backup is good.
Its nice phone by lenovo in a low price . Battery is good . No any hang since i use . Smooth operation .
I use this phone almost from last 1 yr. No problem at all with this phone .....hat's off Amazon service.
It is amazing for the features. The most satisfying thing is the battery needs less frequent recharging.
Amazon service is excellent. 20 day back I purchased this phone. Bettery too good. No complaints.
battery back up is extremely low, touch screen not good, three times to press to view link in internet
Feature are very high in description. BT performance is not reaching as per description. 1. End button is not responding properly 2. Photo clarity is not good.. If u zoom little u will find pixels 3. Battery back up not good... Etc....
Touch response is a bit slower at times. Charge consumption is fast. Overall it is a nice one to own.
pros good mobile at this price. cons poor camera quality poor display when tilted
It's nice with this price. Within 10k u can't expect more but still it is quite fulfilling ur needs.
Lenovo A536 is not so good because it's touch is not smooth & it's earphone doesn't works properly.
Viewing angle of the screen is less when compared with that of other phones like samsung galaxies.
Very good phone. The sound quality of the speaker & the hands free quality could have been better.
Phone is really pathetic. Moneybis waste. Battery ls too poor. Disappointed with my first purchase
Purchased in amazon and Almost used this mobile for one month, it's very nice mobile with good features. Camera quality is good and battery life is good even continuously switched on the internet getting almost 1 and half day charging.
Good quality phone all feature are available as compare with price range more than Rs. 13000 .
Did not Like the resolution, camera quality,sound is poor, would suggest to go for other brands
Very good product considering the price. Pros: 1) Battery life, kitkat, quad core, 1gb ram, fast smooth performance. I installed all the latest games their performance was quite impressive. Fifa 15, asphalt 8, deadtrigger 2, temple run 2, subway surfer, into the dead. all games run butter smooth. 2) Camera quality is good if you click photos using manual setting. quite good even better than moto g. (automatic setting is not that good as iso is set very high and hence more grains in the pic.) 3) Call quality is good. 4) Speakers and headphone quality is OK not something to brag aboutt could have been better. 5) Gps works very well. Have tried apps like NavFree with offline maps downloaded India map (100mb). Turn by turn navigation worked pretty well. 6) Screen resolution is not that good. ppi is very less. But i have considered it in pros because thanks for the resolution battery lasts for really long time, Absolutely can't argue with that. I would like my phone to work at the end of the day than to watch 1080p videos for 2mins. 7) You can switch default storage and hence install apps on sd card directly. some phones don't allow this on kitkat. 8) You get free case and screen guard. Which is not mentioned any where. All a536 will come with these items as it is mentioned on the box. 9) Build quality is good doesn't look cheap. 10) WIFI speeds and connectivity is good.
No enter key while typing and poor camera and audio. But doing well in performance and battery.
Here is my quick review on this product: Thumbs Up: - Fast response - No heating up the device while using many apps or playing games or on call for long periods (not tested with 3G) - Handy. Not too big, fits ok on your palm - Both Sound clarity & sound output is just fine. Thumbs Down: - Outdated User Interface. Not an easy task to change the theme e.g. KitKat. - Hard to organise home screen icons. Touch & gestures are not responding quickly on home screen. - Weird sounds experiencing while calling with other mobiles in hand. Not sure if this issue with my network, but didn't heard this before with other phones I have used. - User experience is average. Do not expect for great photos & video shooting as you will not find any mobiles with good camera within 10k range. I am quite sure about this. Overall good product and worth buying if you are looking for great features within budget.
Nice...Phone...Worth rs.5000....Wait fr price to get down...good for 1st time android users...
There earphone sound is not good and too big. Otherwise I rated five star. Please work on it.
i got product but after 3,4 days touch screen was not working & even battery life is very low.
Excellent product, purchased as a gift for my wife, nothing can be bigger than her smile..:)
Last month I boug this mobile for my mom... Awesome mobile but camera clarity is not good...
I am using it for last 3 weeks now. One of the best phone. Value for the money that you pay.
Does its job as expected worth for its price. Good one to go for basic smart phone features.
The camera is of very poor quality, images appear grainy. unable to hear anything with the earphones provided, using a Samsung earphone instead and it is working fine. Overall very disappointed with lenovo.
LENOVO A 536 IS A VERY GOOD PHONE TILL NOW , ONLY ITS GET WARMED IF WE USE IT CONTINOUSLY .
Product is good, may I got faulty having calling audio issue..call disconnecting issues..:(
The product is just average...Camera quality is very poor ...I wud sugest redmi over this.
Excellent phone with Al features...superb performance.... I would recommend this phone...
Excellent phone at this price, nothing much , nthng less but tough to others at this price
I have purchased lenovo A 536 from.amazon.in and really it is good phone. Thanks amazon.
Nice phone its pic auality is good,battery backup also nice overall it in a good product
not grt quality as expected but okay fr shortterm usage..good battery...bad interface...
It's very nice in mobile I used to call vedio and net calling very good responce i find
It's awesome......!! functioning very nice..overall very happy. good to operate,handle.
Overall a good phone in its segment bit lot of things are missing. I do not play games so haven't tested for games but going by its battery life i will not recommend this one for gamers. I expected a lot of things from this phone and my bad i did not check them before buying. 1) Almost none of the sensors are present, Missing ambient light sensor the most so have to adjust brightness manually depending upon light. 2) Battery life is average and not great. 3) Screen quality is average but not bad. 4) Camera quality is also average and not great. 5) Back cover and screen guard provided are really good and phone have premium looks. 6) Touch is smooth. Overall an average phone but i will recommend Huwaie phone or Android one instead this one. I bough this one only because of its screen size which is 5".
Its the best phone ever....... It works just fine and even better than any other phone
Its a good mobile in low budget. RAM speed is good but dont expect for camera clarity.
It did reached my expectations.thanks to amazon for providing me the excellent product
nice camera quility
While using the mobile phone the display becomes too hot. And camera quality is poor.
viewing of display in day light was a problem .battery takes long time to get charged
Good cellphone in features and battery backup also well..., Look wise is best..,
Battery charging time is quite high, slow as compared to other Andriod Kitkat phones.
Handset is good but no separate desktop - All the apps shortcut displaying on screen
Lenovo a536 a decent mobile on price 6089 decent price I am impress for this mobile
its good handset but not so good sometime it has hanging problem ...its average...
Good phone with pretty decent functions and more importantly a good battery life..
Superb phone in this price slot... Using it since last month n truly loving it :-)
Quite A fascinating phone. Nice features with good price rate. Worth every penny.
Ovreall I am happy with the phone. My only problem is the battery. Its really bad
I am not please with camera and display quality. You should go for another.
Good smart phone under economy class Except camera quality all looks good
nice mobile...excellent performance in a reasonable price...nice features.....
Phone is good but camera resolution is still a problem with this mobile phone.
Good working sofar but the battery seems not suitable capacity it my improve
Lenovo A536 the best phone but sound is not voice this phone is allover good
Good phone as my purpose is served,. battery life not upto my expectations.
Features are good at this price. Good budget phone among the 2014 launched.
Excellent product got every thing WHT ever explain thx to Lenovo and Amazon
Performance is good but phone built is very week as it is made of plastic.
Very very nice and looking gorgeous phone...its also very easy to use.. :)
Amazing configuration,good camera,style look,smooth touch and light weight
Game working gud. Phone Picture Quality waste. Camera very worst
Fantastic phone i got from Amazon.in... wish to have more offers in future
every thing is good except sound which is very low to compare with other
Nice experience with lenova. Good and fast performance. Very nce to use.
Bought it at the best price. One of the best phones at below 10 k range
it is a good product. As per my usage, i find it upto my expectations.
This is a vry vry good smart phone I m vry lucky buy this phone
defective peice
very nice phone
Perfect phone 4 a perfect price.. Best for rough use..good hardware..
No... the phone arrived with faulty speakers... not a quality product
Very nice Mobile I like it and Amazon is trusted shopping site...thx
Now its the third month...5 start for this phone. Thanks Amazon. (y)
Best mobile i recive backcover and screen guard with mobile in box
It wasnt wat i thought,touch senstivity is very low others its ok..
Good mobile but headset is very poor.so change the head set model.
Camera quality is very poor. Is also a little slow. Battery is ok.
Good phone... Only issue sound clarity is not up to the mark
Camera is very poor. Battery back up and head phone is not good.
I want it by 2morrow or dy aftr 2morrow plz it's vry urgent....
Battery backup is poor except this overall performance is good.
good phone!! 5 inch display, 1 gb ram!! battery is also good!!
The product is very good one. Prompt delivery and good support.
Good product....... Likely for customers who not that tech savy
Very nice mobile at the same time camera clarity is very super
it is a good budget phone within 8000 and good battery back up
Nice product prompt delivery excellent price. Keep it up
It's a wonderful mobile set to experience at this price level
good battery life....amazing n huge screen....woderful camera
Nice product worth money. But only thing i'm doubtful about the signal strength only. here in my home all the 3 phones (including my old nokia c3) is using bsnl. all the phones showing good signal strength but not the new A546. any way even in a single point signal, i'm getting crystal clear voice without breaking. another one drawback is about battery backup. just for one day without data usage and without games. im just a very normal mobile phone user. otherwise everything great. no heating,lagging, hanging.........
I got unsealed phone ........used.......not satisfied ......
Sometimes voice is not clear. Caller didn't get clear voice.
It is okay how ever had higher expectation on this product.
very good looking every thing is very good with poor camera
except display angle,dullness in display, everthing is good
Simply awesome phone.....and is made top class from lenovo
Worst product which i have seen using from the past 20days
its not good old style &hanging i can replacing to amazon
Do not buy this mobile as it doesnt catch any network...
Very nice es range me es se acha koi mob ni ho skta.....
good as of now....bit heavy and thick....good otherwise
Good Phone. Easy to operate. Value for money.
Good design from Lenovo, battery backup is as expected
Good affordable phone, specially desplay is very good.
Very good phone but headfone quality is not satisfied
A phone with a large screen,Performance is too Poor.
His Betty is very bed . its works only half day.....
It is very good and service till date is up-to-date.
Typical chinese phone Screen lacks good quality
Battery capacity is really bad & takes hrs to charge
Did not fullfilled my expectations. not useful.
product is ok in its price sound and camera is dull
This phone amazing . I hop that good like any one.
overall good mobile and good services from amazon
Good Phone in this price. everything is very nice
Mobile is very nice. Battery back up also superb.
Phone is v.good but camera 5 pixel is not having good clarity, music is worst
it has no menu display and very difficult t use.
Except the camera, it's a good phone altogether.
Vry poor screen resolution not up to the mark..
My Lenovoa536 Not detecting the sim and network
Bad preformed camera calrary & display not good
Its looking is nice very good battery backup..
Wonder product....highly appreciat amazon.....
Lenovo A536 is good, attractive smartphone.Its hardware make it functioning cool.Lenovo provides back cover even in packages.But the charger and data cable are one and same.It has inbuilt app like lenovo secure,Hangouts,gmail,etc. You must try it it provides long lasting battary upto 2 to 3 days without charging.It is good option as your smartphone.
Really Nice Moible at this price And Salute Amazon For Tremendous Effort To Delivered This Phone In Just 12 Hrs User interface is best Battery Life 1 day with 4-5 hr wi-fi use No Hanging problem Camera is nice in day time at the night time bad quality image. In Short At This price Range Its Best Phone
screen is reflective otherwise good for bucks
Its a nyc phone ...simply best at its price..
It doesn't support whatsapp.... Don't buy it
Purchased for my friend, one can go for it..
Nice one but camera quality was not so good
Excellent mobile with nice battery back up.
Extra Large Display. Handling inconvenience
Nice n handy. Delivery superb from amazon.
It is excellently matching my expectations
Value for money - excellent product so far
Based on the price it is worth buying....
Quite satisfactory in this price range...
i bought lenovo mobile on 10.10.2014 through amazon.com... BATTERY PACK UP for this mobile is too low.. it couldnot even stand for four hours and that too if i browse means battery stands only for Two to Three hours.. in addition to this mobile gets too hot if its in charge..... BATTERY ONLY FAIL...
It ok working fine right now - good apps
GOOD FEATURE RICH, SMOOTH, NO JERKS AND HANGUPS WITH LONG BATTARY LIFE OVER 36HRS, THE PRICE OF Rs 6999.00 AT AMAZON IS A BEST DEAL, ONLY DRAWBACK IS V.POOR SCREAN RESOLUTION AND CAMERA QUALITY COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER. AT THIS PRIZE CHECK REDME-1S ANOTHER VERY VERY GOOD OPTION.
Both cameras are not good. No clarity.
Cheap earphone and music sound bad....
Average phone ... Battery is very bad
It was defective and I returned back.
Good product. Meets my expectations.
Good product. Very light weight
Good Product.....:) Good Price....:)
its very good but problem of battery
Love it have it best for regular use
This is a good mobiles for low price
Phone is OK but earphone is not good
It's outstanding phone in this range
Good smart phone @ lower price.....
Need improvement for battery backup
very nice.. amazon service is best.
Good phone and good battery backup.
Superb phone but bad camera quality
processor ram every thing are fine.
works well. camera is average.
It"s nice phone for this budget
this devise is not working in wifi
nice product with attractive price
Battery performance very bad......
Very good product at a good price
Very good mobile must be purchase
Awesome phone with great features
Fully Satisfied that what I want.
good purchase and happy about it.
Good mobile. Decent in this range
Very Good phone at a great price
***good but battary is very poor
Lenovo A536 smartphone i love it
Nice product. delivered promptly
Only one word "Awesome".
Problem with wifi. When I restart the phone, wifi works great for initial 2 mins. Can't access internet after some time. Otherwise, all other features are nice. good Value for money. Returning it.
If u r music lover it's Strictly recommended. that please don't go for it.....worst phone in....look....music....camera..... if u want just feature phone than u can go for it.... but I suggest it's better to see other phone in this price range...
Super phone Super Features
this product is very very good.
this is very good quality phone
all r ok but battery isnot good
product is very good by lenovo.
Great phone. Worth every penny.
A good phone with average looks
Perfect phone for small budget
Fabulous phone .. Just grab it
its gud rather than i xptd...
Very nice phone in cheap rate
Osm smart phone in this price
battery life is not satisfied
How much battery life and mah
good mobile and good service
mobile is good at its budget
Ok phone...bur camera is bad
It is worth the price. . . .
Good phone with a less price
Sound low.battery backup low
Camera just poor device good
Overall this mobile is good.
Very good product i like it
Nice Phone in budget.... :)
Bad Sound & Picture quality
Nice at this range of price
realy nice and super moblie
Lenovo A536 Black ( received this hot item very late got it in 15 days late delivery. product quality is quite good but found little scratch on the screen which is not noticeable usually.supplier name techkitchendeals mumbai the resolution is good there are no lags while playing the games , touch is good , dual sim feature sim 1 Cdma + Gsm sim 2 Gsm it catches good wifi network primary and secondary camera is good its major feature is its 5 inc h screen music lover please don't buy this it has poor sound quality. alplication like we chat , viber, line, skype is supportive for this handset lenovo has maintain its brand name if you ignore some points then this product is good best buy in android phone with excellent feature great deal from amazon and co=operative customer care unit Thank you Amazon, surely i will go for more deals in future but i except it on time
Not good but it is avarage
Nice phone in lowest price
but touch is low sensitive
Good product in this price
Good phone for the price.
Nice phone in this price
gud phone for this price
Nice & verry smart phone
Good phone at this price
good phone for the price
Battery is very poor....
Good phone in good prize
Best phone in best price
it's very nice..........
good mobile lenovo a536
Good @ this price range
Camera need to improve.
Very good for the price
Working fine as of now
Best at this price ...
GUD one. Worth buying.
This is ameging produt
Excellent phone ......
Purchased Lenovo phone via Flipkart & my nightmares started from 1st month. My phone has been guest at service center many a times and had to face untoward situations due to non-availability of the phone. Well to say - Worst customer support for brand like Lenovo ( I doubt its a brand). Funny to see emails with polite lines with a different topic to queries raised. - Service centers are worst. No help whatsoever for customers. Its third party service center. - Superiors & escalations are worst. Never heed to the problem but make excellent excuses. Ill be posting my tickets & also would be sending back the phone as a slap to Lenovo. hmmmm dunno how it goes with others........
not like my exception
That's the good phone
Good phone in budget.
good but not the best
good phone best price
waiting for cash back
camera clarity is low
Phone looking is good
4 star excellent look
Worth for this price
Performance is good.
Good Value for Money
Good Value for money
wow....speed battery
Nyc phone for 7000/-
good value for money
My new Cell - Lenovo A536 (black) - was ordered on 12th Nov. and the estimated time of delivery told was 21st Nov by amazon, but i recieved it 2 days in advance, eventhough my palce is not a big city. Tkanks AMAZONE and congrats. As somebody told, there was one Sylicon-rubber back cover & a scratch guard(it was not mentioned in the deal), thanks for that. Almost all I felt good about this phone, except the battery and the battery back up. The battery mentioned in the deal was 2000mAH lithium-polymer, but I recieved the 2000mAH Li-ion one, its very sad. And the sound quality it poor, but OK as when compare to other same range(pricewise) sets. Thanks....
good I like it much
good battery backup
Good for the Price.
Good & fast service
Phone is very good.
I purchased this phone last week.The overall build quality and design of the phone is good..but this phone is good for the first time android buyer. The best thing about the phone is that in such a low price it provides good features. Note: The phone has Li-ion battery not the Li-polyemer.(not expected from lenovo).in specs they mentioned as Li-polymer Phone's sound quality is good but it is not loud.(Both in headphone as well as loudspeaker). apart from above two..phone is very good.. Led notification,interface and internal memory storage is descent.
Back cam worst....
Please don't buy this, worthless one. No camera clarity, very low pixel(screen), no sound.
Working very nice
Value for money..
mobile achha hai.
Very good mobile.
Better Cost Phone
Really nice budget phone. Sometime touchscreen is misbehave. When I touch an application icon on home screen, screen is moved to previous screen!!! Other than that working smooth. I ordered this mobile on 14th Oct and chosen one day delivery. It should be 15th or 16th Oct. But default expected one delivery date is 17th Oct. If they cant delivery within one day then Amazon should disable one day delivery option and display two days delivery alone. Is it Amazon side issue or vendor side?
Product is good.
Very good phone
good...........
It is very good
Value for money
Value for money
Value for money
worth for money
Service is good
VERY NICE PHONE
nice experience
excellent phone
Vary nice phone
Simply Awesome
Is okk not bad
Great handset.
gud prdt. . .
Not satsified
good mobile.
Good an fast
Nice product
It was goood
Good product
Outstanding
Nice to use
I like this
nice mobail
Nice Phone.
I ordered Lenovo A536 (Black) through amazon on Dec 1st . Got phone in 3 days. features are good, backup is only for 1 day if u use wifi and other features. Found that speed dial is not working in this set. A disadvantage i found is we cannot assign different tones for dual sim. Otherwise its a good phone with all features
I used to earlier use Samsung and since I wanted a change I opted for lenovo. dis phone is value for money. Its fast and display bIG and clear. Camera clarity at 5mp is not so good but what more can you expect for this price. This phone is light to carry and this is what I was looking for in a phone. I love this phone.
nice phone
Nice Model
nice photo
Good phone
GOOD PHONE
very goood
good phone
it's okey
Very good
Excellent
Good deal
Excellent
Very good
Recommend
Excellent
Very good
very good
Excellent
Not good
its okay
very gud
good one
nice one
worth !!
Its good
good one
Nice one
vry good
This product is worthless, bundle of problems. One can't guess when it will become automatically On or Off. 2G & 3G Network compatibility very poor. Big mistake to select this set. Mukesh-9911146777
I bought this phone and I think its the best phone with this prices I created some sample picture and video and GPS test with my Lenovo A536 http://mssqltiptriks.blogspot.hu/p/lenovo-a535-test.html
Like it
AWESOME
not bad
OK cool
Awesome
not bad
it good in use and speed
Good phone at this price range bt the battery is average it drops fastly.n the average camera is the main two features that are not good in this phone otherwise it is good.
Mobile is good, stable, handy, receive updates, good battery life, good speed and overall worth the money spent. Only negative point is camera which is not up to mark.
Nice..
good d
Awsome
I bou't smart phone it's really smart (Lenovo A536) in this specification can't buy in other branded make in this price and amazon service also very smart
LENOVO A536. gifted to my wife.. Beautiful look. Good UI. Battery lasts for one day if v use 3G. but camera is not upto the mark. 3G speed is good.
supar
Super
OK ok
Good Browsing experience.Handy.Good audio effect.only picture quality is lagging as compared to samsung.
best
GOOD
GOOD
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
good
Good
good
Good
good
Good
good
Good
GOOD
Good
Good
Good
Good
It's good phone at this price. But camera is not so good. 1gb ram, led flash will attract you.
The phone is very Steady n worth the price. Only. Disappointment is the camera
upset with amazon...very highly priced..market selling price is cheaper..
worst, sound quality, cant hear by other side, microphone very poor..
This is the nice phone. But there is some issues with battery.
value for money the display pixel density is not fine
Superb Mobile.. Best in price... Camera little .. ...
very good product.......and good deal with amezon
OK
ok
Good phone and good service by amazon.
gud phone ..all are nice but voice call sounds very less
Battery backup is. Very poor
good phone....
I travel Frequently I want to know how gps is working And battery life and music.can any one user of this mobile suggest me ? My budget is up to 12000, but I want good battery life and gps without net
Good product
Very good
i hate it
I purchased this phone from 9 days .Battery backup is good, net browsing ultimate at 21mbps but camera is not so good.
Good
Nice
this is the verry nice phone supeeeeeeeb and amazon is verry fast delivery i got just 1day so grateeee
:)
