B00NOH4JB2
I purchased the Phone from a local shop 2 days back after lot of Research on the competitive products. I feel this is one of the best product we have in India within this budget. So far it's behaving very nice to me. Here are the Pros and Cons as I found so far : Pros: 1/ The Special feature is ofcourse the Selfie (Front) camera. It's too good. Even though it's 5 mp, but it's clarity and quality is better than the 8 MP rear camera. Rear camera is also not bad though, but zooming reduces the quality of picture. 2/ Sound quality is quite good, but it's not very loud. Noice reduction is very good. 3/ Excellent Look and crisp display. Provided Flip cover is of good quality and gives Cool look. 4/ Light weight ... easy to handle. 5/ Battery Backup is 1 day with moderate use (I did not played game at all). Tips: On the first day, I noticed that Google Play Service is draining almost 50% of the battery life. I disabled it from Apps manager along with wifi and life is smoother.. only 35% use in 1 day, so I used it almost 3 days on battery bw two consecutive charging. I enable Wifi only when it's required. Cons: 1/ HD video may lag sometimes based on the load. No other negative found so far... My priorities of expectation from a phone is 1/ Nice voice quality 2/ Nice picture quality 3/ Nice Noice reduction ( as I use it for conferences mostly) 4/ Surfing net. 5/ Quality videos 5/ Good Battery Backup Overall it's a very nice phone at least for the user like me...
This phone is hanging many times during apps opening. Mainly when I restart or switch on my phone it shows "android accore processor has been stopped" many times. I shown to lava service center they said software problem we will repair it but after repairing it showing same problem. I didn't expect very worst service phone by lava. New purchaser i sincearly sugest don't purchase lava iris x5 such mobiles.
Nice phone with good battery back up. Front camera is outstanding. Rear camera too is good. Overall good phone. Only issue is sometime it is sluggish. Very Light weight. Comes with magnetic flip covers. NOTE: IT COMES WITH LI-ION BATTERY NOT WITH LI-POLY BATTERY. LAVA WEBSITE SAYS IT COME WITH LI-POLY.
In this phone App can be installed in the Memory Card. (that is Micro S.D. card). We must set or edit the primary storage into SD card, after inserting Micro SD card. Lava Iris X5 has a 8 GB native storage and apps can be transferred to Micro SD card. Compare with all other Android Smartphones it has an option to check SD card as default storage for apps. We can install any games in external memory card. The internal memory of 8 GB split into two parts, one is Phone storage and another one is SD card. The user can use 6 GB out of 8 GB. We can install App this part (6 GB) and also be installed any Apps MicroSD card slot for further expansion upto 32 GB. Apart from these this phone has OTG USB - ON THE GO functioning. WE CAN CONNECT PENDRIVE.
It is a nice phone, it does not lag or hang. I have been using this phone for almost 6 months now. It has 2 great short comings. 1) If you put any other 3.5mm handsfree other than the Lava headset, its sound drops and its pathetic. I have tried using samsung, JBL and iPhone headsets too, only Lava headset works fine. 2) This phone does not get charge from any power bank, I have tried compatible Samsung and Xiaomi powerbanks and disappointed. It only charges from mains current, lava provided standard charger.
After one month Wifi started not working. As Lava is an Indian company and I am staying in outside the country, couldn't able to fix it yet.. I am happy with phone's look and features. But if something important is not working means, it is useless. I think mine is an hardware problem as I did reset factory default.
I'm using dis mobile...its nt gud for calling n audio sound. 15days hue nai mujhe lekar aur again n again Swith-off ho raha h.... jab call karta hu 5mint. chalta nai aur swith-off ho jata h...so i don't like dis lava iris x5. Guyzz please soch samajkar kar sale kijiye!! looking m hi accha h bt phone mey dam nai h
Recently i bought this Mobil. frankly i am not at all satisfied with lava iris x5. charger is not good,head phones not working properly. coming to keypad it doesn't working good. before buying this many of my friends suggest me to don't buy this Mobil. but i bought it. at least u people don't go for this Mobil.
i dont know why this mobile locks suddenly . when am playing games in this mble it locks sudenly . cam clarity was so good as lava told front cam was 5 mp was good . came to perfomence while gaming its haging while playing simple games like sub wasy serface . i strongly recommend dont buy this mble
First android update failed, it had to be completely rebooted. Now calls are not going. Now I will think twice before buying an Indian product. The only good think is the looks. Touch is also not smooth, the finesse you get when you touch the screen of a Nokia or Samsung is not there.
After auto software updation mobile has started hanging everything got messed up- contacted lava call centre regarding this as usual simple answer take to service centre.its so easy for this to tell.I can't understand y does lava update such third category software.it's jus waste of money.
Positives: Good screen resolution, Fast processing, easy to handle, light weight, flash with front camera, average resolution of rear camera. Negatives: Battery drains fast, bugs in google recent update but resolved by service center, medium output of loud speaker.
amazon did excellent job, but this phone disappoint me. After every 2-3 hours this phone lost the signals and every time it has to restart. that means this phone not doing the basic job i.e. to talk anyone. Refund process of Amazon is very good and reliable.
I never expect from lava.good to use and nice to bring.display, battery backup, net speed, rear camera , flip over , all are related to this phone acceptable and you can buy and use comfortably. My advice is go for it comparitively other phones.
I got this phone today and feels good. Very light weight but works good like my Gionee S5.5 except camera quality. Camera quality is not good enough but acceptable. Overall performance is very good in this range of other phones. As it has the plastic body it's very light weight but looks good to hold in hand.
Lot of problems with this phone. Some of the basic functionalities don't work here. 1. if you connect the mobile through data cable, and then disconnect, the playlists created are all gone. they become empty lists. this is very very frustrating. how is the playlist and connecting the phone through data cable connected. this is one of the basic functionalities and shouldn't be failing. 2. not sure how, the contacts started getting displayed from my google account and not from sim. there was no way to revert this but to factory reset the phone. very irritating. 3. phone is just a so so. not great .
This is totally worthless. hanging problem while making a call and restart auto after hanged. I purcahsed this phone on 5-sep and deposited at service center on 15 sep and still at service center.
I bought this phone during pre book offer period, I received it after 6 days and as it was gift for some one we opened package after 10 days of delivery, the phone battery has come in defective condition as we cant switch on the phone at all, it was on for some time during which we tried clicking some pics to see the pic resolution and some apps , we did not even put the sim card in it to test other features and phone stopped functioning , now when I am calling Amazon they say widow period for return is over and you will have to contact customer care, this is the big problem with online shopping the packed product which is defective has to be repaired and we have to run now looking for service centre to get it repaired.
Nice phone, nice camera, but the phone was sent back under wararanty for charging issue after 1 week from the date of purchase. Now working fine. Take care on Lava products, I can't recommend.
the performance is not up to the mark. it loses connection & wi-fi connection repeated. i regret purchasing it despite my son's objections. if possible i would change it for another brand.
Until now, all of those 'Made for Selfie' phones were quite expensive - Oppo N1( rotating 13MP camera), Xperia C3 ( front camera with flash ), Gionee E7 Mini ( rotating 13MP camera ). With the launch of Iris X5, Lava is bringing out a budget, selfie friendly phone to the market. Lets look at the specs of the device and see if it is a 'Value for Money' device. Display - 5inch 720P IPS display is the ideal combination in my opinion. It is good to see Lava shipping it with a good resolution screen. Processor, GPU and Ram - If you look at the specs of the device, you would be greeted with '1.2GHz quad core processor' without telling which the chipset is. This is NOT powered by the very popular and proven Mediatek Mt6582 chipset, rather has a Broadcom Quadcore CPU and Videocore IV GPU. (same combination is seen in the budget phablet from Lava - Lava Magnum X604 ). Overall performance of this combination is fine, but lags behind MT6582 chipset. This can be apparent when playing HD games and all. 1GB ram helps in decent multitasking. Since this is running Stock Android Kitkat, things are gonne be smooth most of the time. Camera - Even though the description says a lot of facts and features this camera has, in my opinion,one shouldn't have high hopes about the image quality coming out of them. You are sure gonna get good,often noise free pics in good light from the rear 8MP camera. Expect it to get noisy/grainy when the light drops. 5MP Auto Focus front camera with flash is a good thing. Only other phone with similar feature is the pricey Xperia C3. How amazing these selfies would come out remains to be seen. Battery - 2100mAh would be good enough to last through a day of moderate use. If you use those LED flashes often, expect it to last a little less. Overall, for the price, i think its a good phone to buy. A front camera with flash is quite unique and is rarely seen in budget phones. Keep in mind that, this doesn't offer the overall performance you get from the Mediatek Mt6582 quadcore phones available in this price range.
outstanding mobile better than my old moto g handset.... build quality and performance is so good.... both camera is good and nice awesome display battery life is good if used with battery saver thank you lava.
GPS is not good. No Compass. Sometimes get reset automatically during making call. There is slight delay on touch sensing.
Phone has stopped working in less than 3 months. Software not reliable. Showing android error during start and hanging.
it is meting my expectations in most of aspects.. only thing in it which did not meet my expection is battery life.. i have to charge it quite regularly.. i would say for a normal user like me (30-40 mins call time, 2G internet) .. i have to charge it everyday.. compared to my previous phone, i feel my charging cycles are quite frequent.. other than that everything is good.
this has some software prob some times contact will clear some time call detail will clear without any reason..
Hiii Guyz , Im really happy using this mobile,Everything is working fine except low 3G problems some time i think its a problm wit my area ,The processing speed of d mobile is ok,apps like whatsapp,wechat,fb,fb messenger, aviary,snapseed,uc,skype r working smoothly,i dnt play game on mobile so i havnt checkd game ,der is around 3.4 GB for apps storing .The front cam is superb nd back is average but its better than mmx cams. The design is damn gud nd light weight too . Speaker output is average but earphone output is vry nice .Touch is also working fine without a problm. I think its a gud buy :)
Some of the basic games does not work. I tried clash of clans, lots of GPU quality issues. Will not recommend.
Well by the will of God I could use this phone only for a month coz it got robbed. But my one month experience with the phone was good. Smart slim look,it is worth the price. Audio player is fair. a good front and back camera pics. the major problem i faced was in zoom out , the phone wouldn't respond to zoom out i had to close the window and open it again
Good phone. Value for money. There is a some noise during the calls sometimes but does not affect call quality. The battery is just OK. Light weight, sleek and handy. Right phone for people who need phone for calls, mails, WhatsApp and general camera requirements. Even though its made in China, its made for an Indian company.
Excellent Display and excellent camera. It is a cool phone.. looks very aristocratic..I liked every thing... only question is on battery. However I am able to use ( moderate) the phone a whole day spending 60% of battery. So it works for me. I am proud that Indian companies are making phone this good. Definitely a value for money.
Very good phone in this range, I m using this phone from last 3 months purchased from local shop very good phone, camera quality is good, 8 GB internal memory so I can install lots of apps. 1 GB ram can faster the mobile.. Only problem is battery backup, it is very low... But I think all smart phone HV same problem .... Awesome earphone
With a 5MP Auto Focus front camera with a flash, this phone is perfectly suited for taking good selfies. The best part about it is that unlike the other smart phones, the battery life of this phone is much better. There is enough space to store pictures as well. It falls in the budget too. Overall a very good phone to buy!
The phone has many features, screen is large and it is a good deal price-wise. However, from the start it has been giving some problem or the other. Software related problems keep surfacing (logs disappearing, contacts vanishing, etc.) recently I had to get the software re-installed, I hope the problems will be solved.
Phone is working good till now but the battery life is worst. 2battery im used that also gone
BATTERY BACKUP IS VERY POOR
Very poor performance Very poor camera Very poor battery Overall worst phone
ya' exactly .. it is good at all .. camera quality is best as I expected. Display,android version n game mode is all up to best but little bit slow at some time. you could make it better by managing its software,GPU , andrino.. etc. thank you .. overall good for me .. nice phone .better than other in this range.
I am happy and satisfied with the performance of Lava Iris X5. Rating is exccellent.
Good mobile comes under 10k very gud camera quality both side flash total pisa worth
I'm giving only 3 start because the speaker was stopped working within 2 months. We had to get it replaced in a service center by paying Rs.150. Hardware problem within 2months is not really good, but not sure how many such faulty ones are out. Apart from this the phone is good.
Lava and Xolo are one and the same. No battery life no user friendly interface.
Lava x5 is good phone super clarity and price wise chief and best voice is dood
Phone is sleek, screen viewing angles are good, not even expected it to be this good, video play back is nice, selfie is best, however rear cam takes time to lock focus.browsing is impressive, a software update can do a trick, regarding rare lag noticed.
Lava iris x5 is awesome........n front camera is also nice......battery backup is gud not excellent bt we can say good.....n sometimes mobile hang n also heat when many apps installed.......n then after awesome...its look specification n overall......
please note My brand new Lava Iris X5 phone 1. is not reading micro sd card in wch contains music. 2. voice recording is terrible!!!! would like an immediate solution or a refund regards prabhakar murthy
Getting restart every now & then, also quality of plastic is very low
Its a very nice phone.. Worth it.. In so less an amount one can enjoy all the features in this phone. Front camera is 5 mp. Which is really very nice. The only problem is , it gets hot very often... Overall very nice. Worth its price. (Y)
I have been using this phone for over two months now. The specification sounds good, but performance wise, there is not even a single feature in this phone that you can appreciate. Heavy lag, unpredictable battery life, super slow charging, week network catching power and the 0.5 and 0.8 MP camera. Folks, it is actually 0.8 and 0.5 mp camera, LAVA just missed to add the Zero and a decimal. I feel sorry for Indian mobile makers, don't know what they want to sell and to whom they want to cheat. Now that I have wasted my money once on LAVA, I will think twice before I purchase an Indian brand phone again. These companies are not only tarnishing their own brand image, but also diminishing the stature of Indian manufacturing industry in the market. I want to follow "Made in India" slogan, but actually it is made in China, discarded everywhere, then assembled in India and finally sold in India as "Made in India", and that too by an American online store.
I bought this phone very enthusiastically, because of the features provided in it by Lava, and because of the good offer from Amazon. The phone was delivered in time, the very next day [ yesterday ] of my ordering it. Thanks to Amazon. But am very disappointed with the phone. It does not recognize a SIM card in both the SIM slots. This is a very basic and fundamental problem which can occur in a phone. Very disappointing indeed. What kind of quality checks are in place at LAVA? How does such a phone pass quality control and reach a customer, when there are fundamental issues with the phone. I tried putting a working SIM card from another phone, this phone did not recognize it. This SIM card works well in the other phone. I am left with no choice but to ask for a refund from Amazon. Even if there was a replacement offered I would not have gone for it. Very disappointing indeed.
Not Ok.... Camera Result is not good. Mobile is doing hang.
I liked it But as it mentioned here about 8GB ROM.thats not true
After long hesitation I purchased Lava Lris X5 mobile. Its very good product. I received the product within 2 working days. Amazon prompt delivery. I appreciate that. Mobile camera beautiful 8 mp and front is 5 mp. Amazing mobile
it is awesome phone but the charger only very tight to connect
My Feedback as on 14h September'14 (10 days after getting the mobile): ===================================================================== This is the best product I have seen under 9K. As a launch offer I got a free 16 GB SD Memory Card. I am using this cell phone from last 10 days and really happy with the performance. Just go for it as this is better then the best............Lava is a good brand. =========================================================================================== =========================================================================================== My Feedback as on 12th October(after 1 month I got this Mobile from LAVA) : ============================================================================ Guys, this phone is restarting automatically during anything like in a call or an app. I am getting application crashed error for the app like camera and note++, sometime for Google apps like chrome and Play-store. This is ridiculous that I am on an important business call and the phone got rebooted suddenly and you have to wait until the phone will be ready for a call. On 10th October I had call Amazon support and request them for a return as I am really unhappy with this phone. I can't continue my work with this silly phone but they have confirmed that the return option has expired as on 22nd September 2014. They have asked me to visit manufacturer's service center to get this repaired. This is a bad experience for me that I never used a phone like Lava/Micromax/Karrbon or any brand like this. IMPORTANT : My suggestion is not to go with this mobile. ===========================================================================================
Good Mobile...weight less....superb selfi mobile.....i got extra 16 gb ultra sd class 10 memory card as free which it not mentioned during purchace....thankx amazon Bottom line: is better than my cousin's moto x.
Guys this is an awesome phone I'm really impressed by its picture quality.. Its camera video recording.. And also a cool front flash cam... It has a KitKat 4.2.2 its smooth fast... I suggest u tu plz buy this awesome phone
Looks too good for price its being offered at. Excellent for those who are crazy for selfies. Very carefully aimed at younger generation. Looking at the features offered with this phone, its definitely a must buy product. Well done Lava !!
i have problem with the charger. since the pin provided at the socket end of the charger current is not reaching the charger and im have to work 10 to 15 mts to start charging. kindly provide me good charger.
Every thing is good but its battery backup is not good
It has almost all features which I use. The thing which is missing is that when i swipe the 3rd homescreen, it does not get swiped onto the 1st screen. Improve this,then it will be a 5-star smartphone.
Not good choice ....X1 is better in comparison to x5
I bought this phone by Amazon. Its 4 GB internal memory while add is 8 GB. Its not fare second think is that its picture quality is so bulsit. Pixals are scattered.so not to go buy this.
Lava IRIS X5 is really good. But the only drawback is the battery, which last only half a day with minimal usage. Otherwise camera is good. Touch response is as good as any other smartphone.
Its good, but some times app's will suddenly closed(like 'unfortunately app will closed'). It's heavy radiation... I refer my friend to buy this mobile.. He had same problem.
Nice Phone but giving troubles in power button, speakers and sim card problem. But good customer service to solve the issues. Very well done LAVA, kindly take care of the product quality
Have been using the phone since last month. Camera quality good. Some problem in the network and voice quality at times. Average experience overall. Good buy given the sub 10K range
it has 2.49 GB internal memory only...not 8GB
Awesome Phone.. nice camera Quality.. Worth to buy but there is one problem volume is not that much loud compare to other budget phones .. and its lags when we open google play music....
Good mobile at this range, very smooth ,decent battery back but only problem with the mobile is the internal memory is only 4 gb instead of 8 gb shown in the features
Best Handset Under Rupees 9 K, Just Close Your eyes and grab Yours IRIS X5! I would have given 5 Stars, Just deducted 1 Star only because of its battery Back Up!
Nice phone , quite fast in terms of processor. Good to get such phone at very reasonable price. Though front camera quality is not as per mentioned but acceptable.
Very nice phone in this price range. Only one demerit is one SIM slot is for micro sim So u cannot swap your sim. Micro sim is 2G and normal sim is 3G/2G
I am using this phone last 2days,nice camera rear and front both awsome in this range, they have quality product rather than micromax /micromax 16 megapixel is equl to lava x5 , lava has tieup with intel .this a bench mark in india in coming days it will defeat micromax karbonn and spice.Lava also using best plastic for mobiles .Camera is too good. You can play hd movies the quality of videos is awesome. buy this product on this diwali
Amazing features. Good looking. Damn slow 3g speed. Usually slower than 1Mbps (whereas other phones gives more than 4Mbps). Flip cover makes it less attractive
Little flickering during video playback, Primary camera not good as compared to my lumia 925 but the front camera did flash is pretty cool. Worth buying !!
i purchased this mobile on 14th Sep. I received delivery on time. But inside the Box screen guard missing, price ok, Camera quality ok, Battery life not bad...
I got the cell on 29th Sep 2014. After 3 days cell was getting automaticaly restart during the call. I called lava customer care they told me that may be der problem in the SD card and they told me to check with SD the same problem occur or not but the problem in the cell. This is ridiculous that I am on an important call and the phone got resart suddenly and you have to wait until the phone will be ready to make a call and getting the error android process stop working and Google chrome also stop working.
No sharpness, looks like a VGA camera..
Awesome mobile I luv it.. Battery backup one day, internet speed depends on network, Camera superb,... Trustworthy!!!! :) :)
Yes, its amazing phone where u can enjoy every thing in just 8,600 with lot internal memory, front cam is awesome with lot of feutures,,,,,, I got my set
I was bought this at 7350 through ebay and coupon mobiebay15. good phone, minus point is ringtone and handfree volume,its low compare to other phones.
Excellent phone. This phone is best in camera, internal memory, looks,screen and at very affordable rate. Better than Micromax and Samsung. Hats off.
auto restart many time while running.
i m reallly happy with this lava iris x5....because of its amazing feautures....and specially it,s camera is really awsmmm best for selfie.....
Its a wonderful handset.. battery too is long lasting...it enables you to transfer data via OTG..good deal for a low cost smart phone...do take it!!
Wonderful Smartphone with great features... fully satisfied with the mobile.. especially with 5mp front camera with flash... Guys go fro it...
It is an amazing phone, nice features, looks cool, good camera quality on both with flesh. Body quality needs improvement. Overall product is good.
It is the best this class. The Camera quality is really good. Everything is very good. Loud Speaker capacity is not that good need to improve.
The 5 mega pixel camera in front with flash sounds really cool......waiting to know more about performance...super front camera....nyc going
Got the phone and I am really enjoying it. Excellent 5 MP front camera, good over all performance. Applying the screenguard, the touch becomes even more smoother. Flip cover is great, gives a premium look. Overall a great buy, but bit pricey for the specs when compared to Redmi 1s. Highly recommended if people cant get hold of a Redmi 1s Thanks for looking
Mobile is not worth for Rs. 8500/-
Went dead in 15 days of receipt
The phone is good, audio sound is bit low. Worth for money for the features it provides.But need to know about service and life
everythimg they put in this phone is thumbs-up but one is short life battery while using internet and second microphone is poor
Superb product. It is not gang anytime. Only thing speaker volume is little low than Samsung mobiles.camera quality is awesome
I will give five star if apps at beginning will not be crashed....... Otherwise It is the best Mobile ever i used.......
Nice phone....with good features..using since a week... Only con is very poor in catching WiFi when compared to gionee p4.
Bought this phone yesterday for my dad. The specs are pretty decent for the price. Some of the positives would be the speakers, touch sensitivity/response and most importantly its battery-life. The charging socket though is rigid and it gave me a tough time at first to properly insert the charger into the socket. But overall i would rate it 8 out of 10 for the features that it provides for its price and i hope it would definitely give you a run for the money. P.S -> If you are not able to buy the Redmi 1s in flipkart before it sells out, go for this mobile.
Good Phone...Value for MOney
Touch sensor is below average, this mobile needs stong 3g signal if there is a weak signal this mobile moves to 2g however at the same place samsung and micromax is working in 3g. Display is ok. Processor is not very fast. Overall its ok but at this price and for this brand something more should be given..
User friendly and affordable smartphone. Ergonomics, email access set up and battery life may be potential issues.
No warranty card is given along with cash memo. In case of any issues where the warranty claim will be raised?
Phone with good features, specially front camera best for selfie lovers, slim body & yes @ an affordable price.
This is very good phone at a very low price...best part of this phone are it's front camera and battery back up
The only problem in this mobile is,,,, when it comes in speaker mode, the mic does not responce properly.
Display is decent the phone is very light and compact front camera is great overall good value for money
sound quality is very very poor. video quality is excellent.
It is very good mobile  ,with 8 megapixel camera  for this price it looks like  apple  phone.
ACCORDING TO PRICE ITS VERY GOOD ... I AM USING THIS PHONE. NICE LOOK FEATURES IS VERY GOOD ...
Thank You Amazon Itna Soft Touch Hai Excellent Samsung Touch Is Very Cheap Main Isse 4.5 Star Dunga
very good phone. best in the range of 8000-10000 rupees with android 4.4 and also very good camera.
good phone camera is quite good and at this price 5mp front camera amazing and that to is awesome.
A good one considering it's features at the cost it came out.....Camera needs a bit improvement...
Very Great Phone I bought This Phone Lunching Time It's Both Camera Quality is awesome
I got this phone on 3rd September. Thanks to Amazon for the super fast delivery. About the phone, I must say I'm pretty impressed. In fact I'm using it right now to write this review. The 5 megapixel front camera is really good and so is the 8 megapixel rear camera. Touch response is brilliant to be quite honest. One of the best features of this phone is the HD display and the amazing response. So far, it hasn't lagged even once. And, the battery life is pretty decent, it can do better though. I've played games and I was more than impressed as it hasn't crashed or lagged while playing, not even once. So yes, I'd say this phone is worth buying. Although, the sound speaker sounded a little low in my opinion. If you're a music freak like me then you wouldn't be that impressed at first. Also, the 3G died down due to weak signal twice and I had to restart the phone and after doing so it worked just fine. Other than that, rest of the features are top notch. For now, I'll give it 4 stars. Way to go, Lava.
GOOD!!!!!! BUT WHY LAVA IS NOT ABLE TO REVEAL THE SECRET ? WHAT ABOUT THE PROCESSOR? WHAT IS THE MAKE OF THE PROCESSOR AND WHICH COMPANY?WHAT IS THE GPU?WHAT MAKE? NO INFORMATION GIVEN WITH THE PRODUCT? DO YOU THINK ! THIS CAN HELP CUSTOMERS TO MOVE AHEAD TO BUY? WITH OUT PROPER , COMPLETE INFORMATION OF THE PRODUCT? IF CUSTOMERS ARE THAT MUCH FOOLS? WITH OUT TELLING WHAT IS THE PROCESSOR AND GPU INFORMATION? LAVA WANTS TO SELL THEIR PRODUCTS FOOLING THE PEOPLE , CUSTOMERS? DOES ANY ONE WITH PROPER KNOWLEDGE WILL GO FOR A NEWLY LAUNCHED PRODUCT WITH OUT ANY PROPER INFORMATION? IS THIS WHAT LAVA , AMAZON EXPECTING FROM THE CUSTOMERS ==FOOLING THEM? FINALLY BE CAUTIOUS !@!@!@!@! WITH OUT ANY PROPER KNOWLEDGE , FULL INFORMATION DO NOT GO SHOPPING , ESPECIALLY ELECTRONICS , MOBILES AND ................ IF LAVA @ AMAZON WANTS , EXPECTS MORE SALES THEN FULL , PROPER , COMPLETE INFORMATION ABOUT THE PRODUCTS SHOULD BE PROVIDED. ELSE NO PURCHASING , SHOPPING!!???????????? EVEN IF PURCHASED , THERE WOULD BE LOT`S OF RETURNS AND REFUNDS WHICH IS NOT AT ALL GOOD IN ON LINE BUSINESS. SO , REVEAL THE SECRETS PROVIDE FULL INFORMATION OF THE PRODUCTS , MOBILES AND THEN EXPECT SALES, WHICH WOULD RETAIN LONGER. IF THERE IS NO CUSTOMER THERE IS NO BUSINESS? NO AMAZON NO LAVA EVEN? SO BE PROMPT WHEN LISTING THE PRODUCTS. LAVA LAUNCHED Iris X5 , TILL NOW EVEN AFTER 5 DAYS {01-09-2014 TO 05-09-2014} THERE IS NO INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROCESSOR MAKE , GPU MAKE? EVEN IF CONTACTED DIRECTLY , LAVA IS NOT REVEALING THIS SECRET? WHY? MAY BE THEY ARE CHEATING , MAKING FROD ELSE WHAT? REVEAL OR ELSE NO SHOPPING , NO CUSTOMERS? ALL INTELLIGENT PEOPLE WHO WANTS TO PURCHASE PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE UNTIL EACH N EVERY FACTOR IS REVEALED. EACH N EVERY INFORMATION SHOULD BE PUBLISHED, POSTED , PROVIDED WITH THE PRODUCTS.!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS RIGHT TO PURCHASE AND ALL INTELLIGENT PEOPLE SHOULD FOLLOW THIS.
battery problem .....
i am using this product since 8 months, photo clearty is simply superb and i love the touch.
Yes, this is"paisa wasul" product, because all feature have responding correctly.
I have received my phone yesterday (Sep 3rd) with amazon's one day delivery service.....amazon's service is good..the free MMC card which i got on first day launch offer is too good ..it is Class 10. The phone has 8GB ROM and 1GB RAM but its always good to have extra memory. Free flip cover inside the box functions well, it saves lot of battery as the screen goes off when I close the flip cover and gets on only when I open the flip cover. Here are the pros and cons about the device that i observed: Pros: - Best Front camera, I am amazed with the results of front camera, I could fit in 6 frnds while clicking selfie of our group. When my frnds say the flash in the front everyone went WOW. Thanks Lava for Auto Focus, Wide angle camera and Flash in front of the phone :) - Stunning looks n superb design feels like a very high end phone. Many of frnds estimated this to cost above 29K and they were surprised when I told them its available exclusively on Amazon for Rs 8,649. - Responsive touch - I am using the free Screen Guard received inside the box of Iris X5 and the touch feels very smooth. - Rear camera's brilliant auto focus - 8MP rear camera gives great results and dual LED flash at the back is very helpful in low light pictures. - HD Screen - Very good colors and clear images - call quality due to dual mic noise cancellation is crystal clear(lava gets full marks over here) - decent audio quality Now let's get onto Cons: - Video quality is okay but not great - It is only available in One color, I would have purchased White if given an option. My verdict:as i am not a gamer i did not mention the benxhmarks or gameplay performance test results...i have bought this phone for design,everyday browsing and music purposes and im pretty satisfied with the product....if u want a mobile with great Front camera, stunning looks, decent performance and great touch responsiveness but can compromise a little on video quality below 10k go for lava iris X5 .... u will feel proud to b its owner for the stunning looks it offers you ...get ur friends ready to envy upon you and you will be called for every group selfie clicked when enjoying with frnds and family.
I was trying to purchase xiomi phone but I have no regrets of purchasing lava iris x6
Nice phone.....front camera 5mp with flash works gr8...over all nice product by lava
Best phone in this price...nice camera..processor.. Look..average battery backup.
Very Good Quality, much much better than Shop Clues & Snap Deal and Cheaper too.
Every features are good but the battery drains fast....camera quality is xclnt
First of al, I recd this product within 24hrs of. order.gr8 job of amazon....
Its a good mobile
(I RECEVED THIS PHONE ON 5TH OF SEP bt today im sharing my views after using it)i like dis, n ill say AWESOME, like my music student said taking it, in der hand, actully im fond of clicking pics. as sound recordist n video editor most of d tym u need sum new pics. or video clips to fit in, i ckd dey r gud, bt not indoor u hv to enhance bt perfect outdoor wit gud light bt not so bad indoor too coz it has flash, even plug my pen drive to dis phone it work perfect, played high end games done surfing on wifi in my homenetwork my marks lol for this product are 99/100, it lose 1 mark bcoz,d port to charge or otg port little gone downwards dey wuld hv seen it bt im carefully doing it n it goes in perfect, overall a good buy. GOD BLESS.
very nice mobile ,very slim n light weight n its same as i thought it to be
It's excellent mobile phone what I want do I do everything with this mobile
I am using this for a week now and I would given four stars for the phone and extra one star is for the flip cover, Scratch guard and 16GB card as one day offer. It's really a great deal. especially the flip cover. Camera quality in both front and back is Great. Also the HD video recording is good. Thanks for the large display and good resolution i can also view the pictures and videos in good clarity. 3G Speed is good. GPS navigation is not so helpful without a compass. Overall Performance is ok. the browser was closed unexpectedly once and also the file manager after done downloading.. However i feel these are minor issues since other features are great.
Good phone, good camera,, boot speed is slow, otherwise phone is good✌
Thanks for quick delivery and the performance of the product is satisfied
Amazon excellent Serivce Lava IRIS awesome product..no issues
it is very fast and has many built in apps the performance is just epic!
Good Product.. But Some time Hangs.. wile playing Video. 6 month User..
i received my mobile in the box item was missing screen scratch guard s
correct description of phone, good packing and on time delivery thanks.
I purchased this phone around 1 and half month ago from a local shop for 8700 rs .I just gifted it my brother who was working at dubai.He is facing the following problems 1)restarting the phone by its own 2)lagging 3)finally the phone will not boot up .it just show the lava logo when power on . He is too much irittated .no service at dubai.I never expect this .now he kept this aside.very short life .finally I learn that "ALL THAT GLitters is not gold ".Thanks Lava for me to teach this wonderful lesson. VERY BAD .BETTER STAY AWAY .Go with branded phones like samsung, lg ,sony or you can consider Gionee .tks
Battery is poor
Good mobile in the price range and matches to my requirement. After usage for 15 days, i had recommended to my friends and 3 have got it.
Its good but its front camera is better than rear camera but rear camera MP is higher than front camera. Its become hot after playing the game and after playing a video. Battery back up fr one day after using net via Wi-Fi and playing games about 1 hrs. Price is reasonable. Have a doubt about its processor >Broadcom and GPU video core IV bcoz its not so popular in market. Touch is fine display resolution is awsom.. It slightly vibrate if you touch on the screen when a video is running in MX player in HW decoding mode. But this prob does not arise in SW decoding mode... One thing is 1star for its flip cover & memory card....
i liked it only the ringing volume a bit low..camera is awesome.thnx
Ordered it today..everything looks nd feels great. Can't expect more out of it !!..it's a great deal !
Battery runs out very fast. Everything else is superb for the price
Best selfi phone at this price. But camera zooming is not good.
Battery issue
Total Mobile super but my battery was not Satisfied only 6 hrs
Nice Mobile......... today only i got it...
Doesn't support many applications. Otherwise it's nice phone
Wow, excellent specs at this pricepoint - well worth a buy!
Recevied Mobile in very good condition and is working fine
I like this mobile very much. i referred my friends also.
Good product I like it, Good responsive, Value for Money.
The over all performances of lava iris x5 is not bad. Some times battery get down even the device in idle mode. But the problem is that the flip cover received with the device could not suit. I think both items having same size so that the device could not got into the cover. I had contacted lava customer care but they replied to contact the buyer. So i humbly request you to help me to solve my problem. Thank You regards Harish KA
WORST PHONE
I like it very much and satisfying all my requirments.
I purchased this mobile from a local store for 8800.my review Pros 1)amazing camera both front and rear (10/10) 2)good battery backup (9/10) 3)good design and light weight (10/10) 4)good flip cover (10/10) Cons 1)phones lags slightly (6/10) 2)can't play 1080 p videos smoothly but 720p videos played well.(7/10) 3) ear phone comes with phone is not that Good(6/10). Over all value for money
Phone sound is very low even when listening. Music.
I have to go to service centre afer 5 days of buying this. I have used samsung galaxy s2 for around 3 years ad never visited service cetre. Actually i am regretting my decision of buying this phone. Only battery back up is good ad rest all are worst. Very very bad decision. 1. Speaker quality is very bad. 2. Head phone quality is very bad. I will not suggest anyone to buy this.
Nice phn... BT it has a bad battery life.....
waste item
Superb mobile...Nice looking...using now...good sound and camera quality...I have used lots of mobiles but this is really good...
5MP Front Camera with Flash sounds impressive!!
BEST MOBILE I HAVE EVER SEEN ..... ALL ARE BEST BUT BACK CAMERA SHOULD BE FINEST MORE. RAM SHOULD BE INCREASED
its a worth buying phone at this price......I liked everything..... the internet on this phone is working much better than my canvas Magnus and lava iris 504q.... rear camera clarity is up to the mark...but the front camera is awesome.....never this kind of clarity in front camera...and flash is sone pe suhaga.....very slim and light in weight....my friend who use only brands .....gave a thumb up when he saw and haved a look over it....those who are crying for chip set should stop crying.....bcoz it is performing even better than mtk 6589..
There no option to move app to exteernal sd card worst camera zoom
Ab tak chalra yaro fone ye, waiting 4 upgrade.
so far good experience - better back up too...
i hate it
Ultimate smart phone with all latest features
Excellent phone and excellent amazon service.
Everything except speaker Oolume. It is less.
Good one but can't do browsing on 2G network.
Nice features, and camera.. no problem yet.
Excellent phone by lava.everybody admire it.
An average phone. Look wise it is good. Camera quality(front & rear) is good for the price However, battery backup is poor. With net on, lasts hardly half a day. For some unknown reasons, my phone gets switched off and restarts automatically, at least 2-3 times a day. Gets heated up fast
Phone is nice, with one day battery backup
Nice phn
I am unable to find any customer service center in Ahmedabad. They have mentioned almost 5 stations, I visited 3 but none of them were open. Previusly my cell phone was hanging and working slow so when I restarted the same its now unable to start as well and now I can not return the product as well :(
The product is as per specification.....
with this price this is the best product
excellent shipping and excellent product
Its a nice phone with amazing features.
Overall, for the price, i think its a good phone to buy. A front camera with flash is quite unique and is rarely seen in budget phones. Keep in mind that, this doesn't offer the overall performance you get from the Mediatek Mt6582 quadcore phones available in this price range.
extremely good.....with nice features
seems good in this price range ......
Ah! What a phone. Most people say that Indian brands don't do good but this one has really beaten other international brands. 5" hd display at this price is amazing. Really liking it. When my friends see this they just start asking questions about this phone..!
Audio quality is average rest all ok
Good one but not the best performer
liked... good product in low price
happy to have gone for this phone
Very gud mobile at low cost.. looking good also...
Specs are good. Front camera is too good. But a major software glitch, on any software update .ui (USER INTERFACE) stops working. I had returned my device already due to this issue. Won't recommend it.
worth for money, looks stylish.
Returned back as wrong purchase
Very Good set, good performance
Best phone best................
Simply Superb! worth buying it.
hi every one! got my phone today. had lot of expectations. camera is very poor, touch screen is hard at times. started hanging already without much data loaded on phone. the body of the phone is from a cheap quality recycled PLASTIC. It can break anytime. Pls think before you buy
i am happy with lava iris x 5
Decent phone, reasonable price
The price is perfect and so is the phone. Great interface. The touch sensitivity is superb and so is the response. It is user friendly. Great for accessing mails AND taking selfies. Love it! :)
Dont buy this damn phone this is waste each and every phone as some problem please amazon dont represent this kind of products brand is always brand sell only nokia ,sony,micromax and apple
Good phone for the price :)
Good phone in this budget..
Excellent phone guys buy it
I bought this phone on 2nd September and received on 4th. It looked good but just after few hours of usage its around 20 % part of the display got blanked. This product is a waste. I have initiated the return of the product back to the Amazon
Awesome lava Indian brand
Battery was not satisfied
BEST PHONE WITHIN BUDGET
Its quite a good phone in this price...phone touch, speed, processor, look and specially its weight all are good. its so light in weight..
I hv purchased LAVA iris X5 on 8/9/2014 online from Amazon. Battery backup is very poor. Rear camera poor images. Heating problem.
awsm phn i had it
not bad nice salfieeee
very good performance
Awesome mobile buy it
i am not stratified flip cover. Flip cover is to small according phone. Phone is very good & features.
good value for money
niceeeeeeeeeee phone
Amazing phone just one issue is there. It's not charging properly in lava charger I'm using xperia charger
nice budget phone..
Front flash awesome
Its not been a month since i bought the mobile ... I face every problem that one can find in a mobile..
I gifted it to my sister and she is really happy with it. Thanks lava for this product !
i like this model.
everything is good
Price Worth Mobile
Very good specs
VERY NICE PRODUCT
i like the mobile
it is fine mobile
Internal Memory is not 8GB it is less than 4 GB....please correct details on website.
My Dad loved it.
Value for money.
Really phone is excellent for the price. Thanks for Lava for launching the phone
The product as per spec , the phone is good looking, good camera and impressive.
I have to go to the service centre every now & then for software update,charger replacement,network problem,receiver problem, mike problem,etc. Sheer wastage of time to give the mobile handset to the service centre for repair & either wait for it for 1 to 2 hrs or wait for a week to get back the hand set. I bought this mobile handset because it has similar features as my previous mobile MOTO G at a cheaper rate but it has proved to be costlier by wasting my time & energy.
good mobile ...
Its good phone
Very simple, slim, great looking budget smartphone. I feels simply supperb to hold the phone. Both primary and secondary camera can click real good snaps. Good battery back up and smooth browsing. Awsome touch and crisp display. Overall it has been 2 months that i have been using this device. Made for selfies is a Justified title, but it is simply not that. It is a phone to have if you are a classy smartphone user.
This mobile is best at its price, the dual camera of the mobile is so good, front camera 5 MP and rare camera 8 MP with flash light even in low light it captures the image perfectly. The speed of the internet is quite good and it all depends on the network. The Big 5" screen captive touch screen is so good and impressive overall the looks of the phone is very good.
It's a great phone. There a few things which I didn't appreciate like it hangs for a simple game like Angry Birds. The home screens can't be added more than 5 nor deleted and the call volume is very low. Apart from these I love the phone and I think it's great. The camera is a plus point and it's really colorful. Thank you for the Free SD card, Flip cover and screen guard.
I have tried to buy the Xiomi Redmi 1S but was unsuccessful. Disheartened & low was the feeling but that was only till I saw this phone on Amazon. It grabbed my eye and mind both at the same time and with the features it is offering, I ended up ordering for the phone in just 15minutes & that too with a 1-day delivery paying Rs.99 extra. That strong was the impulse & excitement to see the product. I do not how the phone will be, but I know for sure that this online e-commerce industry is gonna change the ballgame altogether..
Sooooo Good.
Satisfied with its performance so far Looks good, camera is OK. Phone operates smoothly. Touch is fine. Would have liked Gorilla glass added to the spec. Internal Memory is great, apps don't make phone hang. If you are not heavy user of HD games than it is good. Battery life is normal, nothing extraordinary but good enough last 12 hrs with normal usage.
Amazing Mobile.. Everything is so good..Thanks amazon.
Superb item
Nice mobile
nice mobile
Good.Thanks
Don't buy Lava Iris X5 cheap quality & service
The product ' Lava Iris 5' is a good phone for this price. its slim size is attractive and 5 MP front camera is very useful for selfy. I highly recommend this product to any of my normal buyers. It is also to be mentioned here that buying thru Amazone is accurate and 100% faithful in punctuality.
I was searching for the common configuration these days like 1 GB RAM, Quadcore processor and this phone justifies all with the price range. The amazing gift it is offering is the camera in this price range of phone . Superb selfies has been taken out which surely makes this phone only for selfies.
Nice phone, best for selfies with the front flash. My sister is using this for past one month, no worries, nice sound clarity, nice camera. No heating. Very light phone, good quality nice flipcover. Best for average user in this price range. Recommended.
nice phone
good phone
It is Okey
Nice peace
Awesome phone in design & look, feels premium in hand, light weight. Specs are amazing with this price tag and mainly the front camera (the USP of this phone) works great with flash. Overall a decent phone with latest updates & at reasonable price, go for it for once.
good phone with good camera. i like it
its absolutely good in this price range
This is the best phone in this segment, everything fantastic, good job done by LAVA. Everything perfect that what they written in descriptions. I am waiting for another LAVA. Product like 2gbRam, 16 or 32 gb inbuilt memory. I will buy only LAVA product in future.p
very good
Very good
The Lava Iris X5 (Grey-Black) is very very nice. I am so impressed on that. somebody says the sound quality is not good. But i experienced this with the wonderful sound quality with heavy beats by adjusting the equalizer. I can suggest this to my friends.
I love playing HD games and this phone is especially made for me...1.2Ghz quad core processor with 1Gb of ram...its just amazing,smooth and cool..Thank you Amazon for a wonderful gift...and also thank you Lava for making such a fab phone.... :D
sound quality not good.......
I was looking for a new handset and wanted to experiment. I happened to buy this phone, and am quite happy. 5MP front camera (with flash), good battery back up, 1GB is more than what I need. Recommended product.
I am using X1 and I am pretty happy with it and I think X5 would be even b8r.... Gr8 going Lava...
This thing have a stunning front cam Performance wise... i havent found a lag yet Definetly worth my money It had a plasticy finish.. but once you change the back cover.. "MAGIC"
Really Worth for Money........Superb look and great quality , performance......You can order the phone with eyes closed :) :) :).... Only one thing sound is bit low but it is good to manage,,,,
Very handy mobile to use... I am using this phone from last 2 months. camera is relay very good. even captures good photos in low light. video quality is just decent. call clarity is also good.
Nice...
Amazon is the best site in all. But this product is not so good I will tell u all plzz don't purches this product Because I have facing so many problems with this product..
Worth for money mobile!!!
this phone met my expectations. but only one thing I found that inspite of 8 mp primary camera it is not that clear. but other features are excellent and the best part of it is selfie
I love the phone. It is great. Touch is not great but everything else is superb. The camera is the best. Great phone at a great price from Indian Company.
hi all, I ordered this Lava iris X5 just now, i dont know how it will be, hope it seems good with every future for this cost...
No, i m not satisfied
Excellent Phone within Rs.9000/- budget. We get all the features. Excellent Camera Clarity, Processor and screen resolution. Simply I can say ALL IN ONE mobile.
TODAY ONLY THEY HAVE LAUNCHED. READ PRESS AND RELEASE IN LAVAMOBILES.COM. AMAZON GOT THE FIRST SALES OF X5.
not ok
Superb
Finally got my lava iris x5 , been using it ova a week now , honestly i was really skeptic in picking up a lava mobile at first cause its a new brand for me , but this phone has erased all my fears , im so happy with this phone , its packed with features especially the camera , which i havnt seen being soooo good in a dual sim phone , my phone is working gr8 , the battery supports me throughout the day n till now i havnt faced ny network problems .. I think ppl shud go for this phone .. Its greaaat!
Awesome phone at this price range. Front camera is superb.... Rear cam is average. Display is crisp n clear. No lags as of now.
LLLAAAAVVVVVVVVVVAAAAAAAA LLLLoOOOOoVVVEEEEEeee YYYOOOOOOUUUUUuuuu Good Product best takar with branded mobile good
goood
Good product. Better than micromax in all respect on same price zone. HD screen is really good. Phone has decent look.
very good product. good features at affordable price. love it........ Dont go by brand name. Its really good mobile.
Great phone.. Worthy and Totally satisfied with the price and features.. Amazon also delivered it really fast
Good to know information for all, Battery backup is good.. Camera quality is good from other product..
Excellent smartphone with complete features in less price as compared to other brands such as MotoG etc....
Thankyou now I got this smart phone from amazon in good prize I am using it and everything is OK for me
Very light weight but works good... Outstanding Phone. Very happy using it for the last few days
Sooooo Good.
Its really good phone . overall very good. I loved him There is use full for next genaration
Lava Iris x5 , Every thing is ok but sound is very slow.pl rectify it on your next model.Thank you
good
nice
Good
Nice
good
good
Good
Good
good
Its really good. Very useful and ease of use is high. Very happy with battery life too.
I love this phone by its features.. Awesome feature available in this cell. I love it.
The 1.2 GHZ Broadcom Processor is a deal breaker. They should have used atleast MTK 6582. The quad core broadcom processor is equivalent to dual core MTK 6572 in performance & benchmarks.
The phone is good but back cover quality is not good. The phone was having network problem. Network comes and goes very often. I have to send it to customer service centre for replacement who said it will take 15 days to replace
Super duper like.... Everything is superb... Touch, processor, display & the most important cameras specially front wid flash. Bt battery is OK. . love this phone & I m very happy with the price tag. :)
yes
Every things is good but the battery back is not satisfactiory
I had satisfaction because i had choosen a best of best phone
Good mobile within this range. Thanks to amazon !
hed fone qualite superb & front cam is soooooooo god
One of the best budgeted smartphone below 10k price
Never seen a Flash in front of the phone, I have ordered the phone lets check once this is delivered by Amazon. Checking the specs the phone looks awsome: Quad core, 1GB RAM, 8GB ROM, 5 Inch HD Screen, 8MP Back camera and 5 MP front camera and the best part is both cameras come with flash. MY FB Account is going to flood with Selfie now :) This would have been even better if Lava can also launch some more color variants of this phone. Good work Lava Mobiles, Eagerly waiting to get hold of this phone :)
very nice.camera quality is good in front facing.
I had a Samsung Galaxy Y previously and wanted to buy a phone with a bigger display and longer standing battery. I read various reviews online and wanted to buy something that is cost effective. I zeroed in on Lava Iris X1 and just when I was about to buy, I saw this Lava Iris X5 phone in the Lava website. I liked its 2100 mAh and better Camera. I decided to buy the X5 even though it was a new model. This is just based on the positive reviews of X1. The X5 came with a free 16 GB SD card thanks to Amazon.in and GadgetDirect. It also came with a flip cover and a screen guard (all free). Now, I am very happy with the X5. It has crisp, clear and colorful screen, the touch is very smooth, I have taken some nice photos (Selfies included), and great sound and video quality for music and movies. I just charge the phone once in two days except for weekends when my daughter plays games like Temple Run or Subway Surfer for long hours. After two weeks of using the phone, I can just say "I Love My Lava". The Iris X5 is a phone that a first time smart phone user can buy without thinking much. I shall follow-up this review after a few months of use and hopefully, I'll still be able to say "I Love My Lava".
Brought thus phone as replacement for my old iPhone. Very happy with the purchase. I gifted my wife Samsung grand. But after using this one. We feel this one amazingly lite compare to Samsung (plz note not trying to degrade Samsung here) Things I loved about this phone 1) Amazingly light weight: this is what makes this phone outstanding. 2) large screen with fast processor: its performance can be comparable with any leading manufacturer phone. I initially doubted its processor but hey five star there. 3) Camera : great camera, amazing clearity and zoom. 4) Price: last but not the least. With around 8k with all features makes it a attractive buy. My recommendation : great deal at the current date. Worth buy. Good job by Indian manufacturer..!!!! Thumbs up LAVA...
Simply Outstanding Phone. Very happy using it for the last few days. I ordered it on 10 Sep 2014 and got the delivery on 13 Sep 2014. Great job by Amazon by delivering it in 3 days with very good packaging. It is an awsome phone in just 8700 Rupees. Very nice display and good camera quality specially the front camera which is 5 mp with Flash. Battery backup also good compared to HTC and Samsung. Sound is ok. The best thing is that I got the flip cover free. The flip cover is very nice in quality. Fits in perfectly. Phone is very light in weight. Overall very smooth and user friendly functions. A very sweet and cute phone in just 8700 Rupees. What else can u ask for in such a reasonable price. I give it 5 out of 5. Go for it Guys. Great job Lava for launching this phone...!!
Camera quality not good, hanging problem, low quality product, wastage of money.
Good product and good specifications
Very nice device at this price range
Awesome mobile but I couldn't buy it
no comments...keep up the good work
Fraturey,comferty and best pricey.
But the piece i got was not good
Light weighted & fast processing
AWESOME PHN!!!!!!!!! LOVED IT ;)
Smart product. i am loving it
nice phone best price
best ever mobile purchase.
Nice phone for this budget
this smart phone very nice
It's amazing, i love it!
good
Awesomee phone ........
Best phone under 10k with superb features
Its toala waste of money never buy this
xolo/lava phones are nice to use until it starts to develop some problem, SO never go for xolo/lava phone, they seem to be cheap, but the real story is its an illusion. i had purchased xolo q2500 for rupees 12,488/-, after 2 months of its purchase, my phone fell and got its touch screen broken, then i went to lava/xolo service center at delhi in kalkaji, where they said it will cost me around 7000/- and it will take them at least 25 working days to deliver the phone, and they would not give any warranty for the changed touchscreen, when i tried out for some local mechanic, none of them had the spare parts for xolo/lava(this is the condition in Delhi), the after sales service of lava/xolo are very pathetic. so at last i decided not to repair my phone and then i bought nokia lumia 1320 and i decided to share my experience with everybody so that, no one gets cheated by this xolo/lava phone. so think twice before you fall into trap.
I am confused because if it is broadcom processer then its useless to buy this product cause it will start hanging after 1 month otherwise the specifications are mindblowing can someone clarify pox my email I'd riteshkaramchandani73@gmail.com
One of the best phone under this price range. Camera and processor is quite handy and upto the mark. Its totally youth oriented smartphone. You can associate yourself well with this phone. Would strongly recommend everyone if you are looking out a phone with good camera quality and features under 10k.
Nice phone good
excellent phone
Amazing camera
Good mobile...
Pls SMS alert
Iris X5 is a awesome mobile phone from lava. I have bought this on last month. My reviews are 1) OS - Kitkat 4.4 2) Amazing picture quality on rear and front cameras. 3) Otg cable and Micro -B support 4) Good battery life. Thanks for Lava for such a nice phone...
Good product
i have used this phone for past one month...Only one issue the phone was slow if anyone having solution for this please reply....apart from that the phone is fantastic and worth for money.
mohit saini
Nice phone.
Best Phone
nice super
nice 2 use
EXCELLENT
Very nice
Good mobile using from last 6 month not having any problems good but camera quality is not good as compare to branded mobile...
Not so good phone on this range. Camera quality is poor. Battery backup is not very good. And there is many other problem with this phone.
Love it
Amazing
I need how is the camera clarity whether its better than samsung pic clarity r not very confused
great
This phone tamil launguage supported
I called Lava Mobiles for the make of the processor and GPU used in X5. Shocking to me, they said they don't know the details. Lava manufactured the device and they don't know the basic details about processor and GPU used. How strange and weird it is. I think they used Broadcom and it is less powerful than MediaTek. By the way, I have not bought the phone for only reason of Broadcom and Videocore IV. They are not powerful enough to handle rich/heavy apps with ease.
wifi not working for me . plz help me
Excellent
There is no information available on the internet for this phone. GSM Arena LAVA official website also don't have any information. looks fake
Lava x1 is a bakwas bhone don't buy Bed tuch & interface , slowly operating .
