B00N8N9NO0
after watching reviews of all smartphones below 10k, i decided to buy this as given the resolution, it is hd and its super good visuals are truly amazing after using it for a week, i begin to love windows, this mobile is worth of every rupee you paid pros : 1.hd display 2.5' inch screen 3.nice build quality(looks very premium in hand) 4.having hd display, it has good batterybackup(almost a day even using wifi sometimes) 5.audio quality is very loud and good on earphones cons: 1.not easy to hold in hand due to its huge size 2.as it is windows , we dont find apps like candy crush etc 3,audio not loud on loud speaker 4.camera clarity is not up to the standards over all its a nice phone to use, at first i was afraid to use a micromax phone,but its entirely different and works very good with very good build quality, if you are looking for a windows phone in 10k budget it is perfect ( at present i am loving it every moment)
I bought this phone due to HD srceen,quad core processor amd battery backup.......but battry backup is very low..disgusting...can't play 720p hd videos directly....needs moli player for that...embarrassing.......moreover..light sensor isn't working.....touch quality is poor as compared to lumia 520,,,.....furthermore...lumia apps are not available for this phone.....this phone is full off shit....rather than buying this phone...add some more mony to ur budget...nd go for Microsoft Lumia 535......
Good Service by Amazon + Best product from Micromax (Window mobile is realy smart mobile.. feel different while using..) thanks
Pros: Touch is very smooth Camera both are good very fast, no lag CONS Can't record calls-- this is a major drawback of all windows phone No good gmail application, on any of gmail app can not upload/download attachment low sound of alarm, ring tone, voice calls like windows 8 tab, can not install any windows application, app only available in store can be installed.
Awesome phone ! Even the updates are available .. I guess @ 6500 Rs. this is a steal deal ! Got the phone in 24 hrs from amazon ! Working fine ..yeah it heats up and battery back up may upset you ! Still the overall features and the price compensates the cons !
Please don't buy any products of Micromax..It has worst customer care service...My device is stuck with them for the past 3 months. Don't know if I am going to get back.A total loss! Go for a lower configuration but a good branded mobile like Samsung or Nokia.
Its a nice phone at this range for windows... its just windows apps which disappoint sometime as compare to android apps...
In this range the phone is ok compare to lumia or some other phone camera is so so software is also .......... ok
Good phone, almost high end phone. Only issue is that it can't play HD videos. Otherwise perfect.
Micromax 8MP Camera quality is average when comparing with Lumia 520 5MP camera
one of the best among value for money windows phones.
Good quality phone at reasonable price. Go for it.
No battery backup. Its dead with in 1 month.
got a defective one
Cancel my order
Very good
owsam
